This is entirely fiction. All characters are 18 or older.
This is Chapter 5. I recommend reading Chapters 1-4 first. No more caveats. If you're still reading, you already know what type of story this is. :) I'm happy you're still here.
The formerly-hidden tension was out in the open and their erotic and deeper feelings for each other made known. Chloe and Allen had both crossed lines together neither intended to but both had very much enjoyed. They vowed to themselves to try to stay on the correct side of those lines, but both wanted to continue their newfound sexy playtime fun, flashing and peeking, without crossing such boundaries again. As they'd already discovered, however, lines can be blurry.
Morning fun
Chloe made love to her Daddy all night! He was so tender and loving for her first time. His cock felt so good inside her, as she always knew it would. And it was in her a lot! When not up her pussy, it was in her mouth or her hand, rarely unattended. She knew it was just a dream...or a night full of erotic dreams, but that didn't matter right now. It was him. It was them. It was fabulous!
Chloe loved her Daddy so deeply. She knew it could never happen in real life, but if it did, she was certain it would be even more fantastic than in her dreams, which would be saying something!
As she stirred in bed after her alarm, already (or still) aroused, Chloe felt her sheets sliding over her naked body and wondered again why she ever thought sleeping in clothing was a good idea. She loved the freedom of being completely naked and wished it could last. Maybe she was a nudist in addition to being an exhibitionist!
Chloe knew she had to get going for school, but she couldn't wait. She caressed herself everywhere she could reach with her hands, tweaking both nipples several times, working herself into a frenzy.
It didn't take long, since she had awoken so horny from her Daddy dreams. Chloe eventually locked her right hand on (and in!) her pussy and her left on her breast. She squeezed her nipple as hard as she could, like her Daddy had done two nights ago, and it had the same effect as always: an immediate, huge electric shock in her pussy, which sent her over the edge, climaxing onto her ready fingers, her thumb furiously rubbing her clit to prolong the sensation and bring on more.
Chloe came in waves, calling "Daddy" out loud, another orgasm for the record books, an amazing side benefit from both her newfound fun with her Daddy and her naked sleeping, both of which she hoped didn't end soon.
Panting, Chloe quickly used both hands to scoop up and drink down the juices that had gushed from her pussy. (God, she tasted so good!) She then quickly jumped out of bed, still a bit horny, knowing her shower would need to be quick to make up time.
Chloe grabbed her towel and started to wrap herself. Then she decided otherwise and opened her door, feeling brave, fully naked with her towel in her hand, dragging it behind her. She loved the feeling of being naked outside of her room! That could get dangerous, she thought with a grin.
Core reached her Daddy's bedroom door. Tempted as she was to just walk to the shower like this, she thought better of it. But that didn't mean she had to fully wrap herself, right? She positioned things, opened the door, and walked confidently but slowly past her Daddy, who was already awake and reading in bed.
"Good morning, Daddy!"
"Hi, sweethear- whoa!"
Heehee!
Allen had woken early, he thought from hearing Chloe's alarm down the hall. But then she was taking longer than expected to come shower, so maybe not.
Then he heard her call out "Daddy!" and knew why she was still in her room! Allen knew from last night what that sound was. Ha, go Chloe! Nice early morning orgasm to start the day. He was pleased he had something to do with it. The thought (and mental images) of his teen daughter cumming and calling out to him solidified his morning wood.
Allen considered pretending to be asleep and maybe lowering the sheet for some fake-sleep flashing. But he instead wanted to see his precious girl's face after her orgasm. So, he sat up in bed in the bright morning sunlight.
His baby girl walked confidently into the room, wrapped in her towel, and he was glad he was awake. She looked positively radiant! She was, of course, always beautiful to him, but her face glowed, her cheeks slightly flushed after what he hoped was a very nice orgasm. Her lovely green eyes sparkled. She was truly breathtaking. Even better that the young woman inside was just as beautiful, if not more.
Allen's reverie didn't last long. His little girl glided by on a mission to get to the shower. And that's when her morning surprise for him hit. The towel wasn't wrapped around her as usual. She was just holding it up in front of her!
As she passed by, his young daughter's fully nude back retreated toward the bathroom. Yum! Another first-time view to burn into his brain. He'd seen her back before, of course. He'd even seen her bare bottom yesterday. But this view of her, entirely bare from head to toe, was a sexy sight to behold! Her shapely back atop her amazing bubble butt above her long, toned legs caused his cock to immediately start leaking.
Allen recognized in hindsight that Chloe's eyes had held more than a sparkle; her mischievous grin was accompanied by a devilish glint. Well played, my love!
"Whoa!"
As Allen studied his daughter's naked form, she added a final thought before closing the bathroom door behind her. "Oh, right! The fan! I'm so glad I'm finally remembering to turn it on like I'm supposed to!" she called out to nobody in particular.
Chloe was ready to put on a little show. As she was entering the bathroom, she once again confirmed how well the view to the shower was reflected in the mirror over the sink. All someone needed to do was peek through the door into the mirror, and they would see the shower perfectly framed. Yay!
Chloe knew her Daddy would easily understand her not-at-all subtle hint and dropped her towel as she switched on the bathroom fan. As she turned on the water for her shower, she set it to a lower temperature than her usual, nearly-scalding preference. No steam allowed!
Chloe knew she had to make real progress while anticipating her handsome peeper, so she started washing her hair as she kept an eye on the bathroom door. It didn't take long for her to see the knob turning!
She took a deep breath to try to calm her nerves as she realized this was a pretty big deal. She was so excited, though! She was all the way across the bathroom, but the mirror was clean, and the fan was doing its job keeping away any steam from the room and the clear shower door.
So, she was about to display her completely naked form to her Daddy for the first time since she was a baby. From a distance, but still... Was she really ready for this? She decided she very much was.
As the door cracked open, Chloe saw her lover's eye peeking in at her in the mirror. Let's welcome him to the show, she thought with an internal, husky purr. She intended to pretend she didn't know he was there.
With shampoo on her hands, Chloe ran her soapy fingers down her chest, across her breasts, down her stomach, and between her legs, staying there a moment before caressing herself back up to her head. She imagined she had his full attention now! She faced her body toward the shower door full frontal as she rinsed her hair, closing her eyes and imagining her Daddy's gaze roaming over her naked body.
As she glanced at the door through slitted eyes, Chloe saw it was opened a little wider for a better view. That was fine by her, but her Daddy would make an awful peeping Tom, she giggled to herself! She could also see movement on the other side of the door. Was he jerking off to the sight of her? God, she hoped so! It made her so happy to cause him to feel that turned on!
A common thing lately, Allen's cock seemed harder than ever before.
He was leaking profusely and stroking himself to the impossible vision before him. There she was! His beautiful daughter, completely naked to his view for the first time as a sexy young woman. And sexy was precisely the correct term! Everything about her was perfect. He'd recently seen some of different parts of her separately, but they all fit together in a heavenly nude package that he longed to hold. He'd settle for the safety of distance at this point!
The knowing show his baby girl was putting on for him was so hot! Let's just say she was being very thorough in getting herself clean, especially her naughty bits. She soaped her perky teen breasts and spent a full minute or more caressing up, around, and between them.
Even from this distance, Allen could tell his little girl's nipples were erect and hard, begging to be sucked or squeezed. She soaped her arms and taut torso, the water rinsing her breasts as she did so, giving them a glorious, wet sheen. Then Chloe took the soap in her hand and brought it down across her pelvis, over her heart-shaped patch of hair, and between her legs. She shoved both hands and the soap fully between her legs, clearly caressing her pussy directly.
As Allen continued to stroke his raging cock to the reflected view of his completely naked daughter, she never looked his way. It was so hot that she was pretending she didn't know he was there! She obviously did, and this show was all for him. While water had splashed onto the shower door, there was very little steam, so his view across the bathroom was nearly perfect.
With her hands still between her legs, Chloe lifted her right foot onto the built-in seat in the shower, ostensibly to wash her right leg and foot. But of course, the result was a clear view between her spread legs to her puffy, wet, delicious-looking pussy lips. They looked engorged and separated, a clear indication his baby girl was as turned on as he was from her display.
Allen jerked his cock even harder, though he'd have to be careful, since he didn't want to come all over the bathroom door!
While washing her leg with her right hand, Chloe caressed her left hand up her thigh and back to her pussy. Allen watched, mesmerized, as his little girl slid her middle finger back and forth between her pussy lips, squeezing herself with her other fingers on the outside. She audibly moaned as he swore he saw her insert her middle finger up inside herself. Jesus!
Chloe turned around and lifted her left foot onto the seat to wash her other leg. She didn't even pretend to use both hands this time.
As Allen stroked his cock to the view of his baby girl's glorious ass (he SO wanted to grab and squeeze those perfect cheeks!), he could see the fingers of her right hand snaking through her swollen pussy lips from her front, her fingertips reaching through to his side.
As she bent forward a bit, there was no mistaking it as his little girl's right finger disappeared into her hole. As she pumped it in and out of herself a few times, she cooed sweetly, "Oh, Daddy! If only you could see your loving daughter right now and how turned on she is for you!"
Allen squeezed down hard on the base of his cock to keep himself from immediately exploding all over the door and floor! God, she was good at this.
Allen then got to watch his young daughter soap her fabulous bubble butt and run her fingers between her cheeks, which she then spread for him to get another first-ever view to sear into his memory banks, this time of her cute, puckering hole. It looked like it was ready to kiss him, and he would definitely love to kiss it back!
Sadly, it seemed Chloe finally had to end her show and her shower, since it was indeed a school day! As she turned off the water, he retreated.
What Allen wanted to do was open the door and let her watch him jerk what he was sure would be a huge load into the sink, all caused by her! What he wanted even more was to join her in the shower, helping clean every inch of her and having her do the same for him. What he REALLY wanted was to join her in the shower, lift her in his arms, lower her wet and engorged teen pussy onto his intensely hard shaft, and fuck his daughter to a mutual orgasm that he knew would be mind blowing and world changing!
But of course, those were all unrealistic fantasies, and he closed the door instead, his hard cock still in hand. But he didn't retreat far!
Chloe had come so close to cumming in front of her Daddy several times! God, that had been so fun! She was so horny now. She hoped she got to do that again. Maybe a lot, heehee! But now she had to get moving. Like yesterday, she was risking being late for school again. So much for a quick shower. (But...worth it!)
Too bad her Daddy left, since she had dropped her towel right by the door. He'd have seen her up close instead of from across the room! She quickly dried herself and got ready to leave. Did she dare? She did dare. She dropped her towel to drag behind her and walked out of the bathroom to strut back to her room completely naked.
Her Daddy wasn't in his bed. Too bad for him, heehee! The light was on in the closet, and the door was partially open like before. She had two ideas simultaneously.
"Daddy?" Chloe called as she brought her eye to the crack in the door at the hinges. OMG!
"Yes, precious? I'm in the closet. Just putting on my robe. Breakfast soon?"
Her Daddy was totally not just putting on his robe. He was holding his robe in one hand while slowly jerking his shiny, incredibly hard cock with his other. If he knew she'd be looking, then he was really jerking his cock for her! God! Returning the favor, it seemed, heehee. Chloe almost started drooling! It looked so amazing! She stared, yearning to touch it, while she replied.
"Oh, hi Daddy! I didn't realize you were out of bed," she lied. "Yes to breakfast! In fact, I'm starved so will probably throw something on quickly to go eat and get all dressed after breakfast. Join me?"
Allen didn't need to be asked twice. He was facing toward the opening of the door, pretending he didn't know Chloe was at the hinge-crack, looking in. She wasn't being very subtle, talking to him right at the gap, and he could see her eye there through his peripheral vision. He stroked his dripping cock for her as he answered. "As long as you don't mind me in my robe, I can head down right now."
Ha! "No, I don't mind, Daddy! See you down there in a bit."
...
Allen was at the kitchen counter getting coffee ready, his still-hard cock barely contained within his robe, when he heard his sweet, baby girl bound down the back stairs, yell "incoming," and jump onto his back, wrapping herself around him with her arms and legs. He grabbed her legs to hold her up as she clung to his neck.
Chloe giggled joyfully (he loved that sound!) as he spun around the kitchen with her riding along. He noticed four welcome sensations as he did so.
First, his baby girl's tickling, laughing kisses on the back of his neck. Second, her firm breasts pushing softly into his back, fantastic body parts he had become much more aware of and familiar with lately! Third, her warm, bare skin in his hands (so soft!). He wasn't surprised she wasn't wearing anything long, but his hands were pretty high up on her thighs, and he couldn't feel any shorts material. Fourth, and by far the most naughty and thrilling, the lost battle between his robe and her feet and legs.
As Allen spun his little girl around the kitchen, she flailed her legs and kicked her feet with glee. With him only in a robe, however, that movement caused his erection to easily fall out between the flaps, especially since he was still so hard after the shower scene. His hands were busy holding his daughter up, so there was nothing he could do about it. (Not that he would have!) Her bare legs and feet were knocking against his naked, exposed cock, and Chloe seemed to quickly become aware of that fact.
That's Daddy's penis! Chloe was thrilled. She felt his naked, hard cock bouncing against her shins and feet as they spun. He must have popped out of his robe. While still enjoying the ride, her concentration quickly was centered on the feel of him against her legs. She knew she was the cause of his erection, and it always made it even more exciting to know he had one because of her.
She stopped flailing her legs. Chloe couldn't close her shins together around her Daddy, but she lifted her left foot and pushed it against her right calf. She missed her target the first time, but she tried again, and the second time it worked!
OMG, Chloe had her Daddy's naked, hard cock trapped under her foot! His shaft felt so hard and hot under her sole. She hoped he enjoyed the feel of her warm skin on him. Luckily, her foot was perfectly placed, and she felt his smooth cockhead directly under her toes. She felt her panties getting wet. She grinned devilishly behind her Daddy and gave her toes a wiggle against him. Her Daddy groaned out loud and stopped spinning. Heehee!
Allen almost came when Chloe wiggled her toes on his aching cock! It had been through a lot so far this morning. He watched as some pre-cum almost leaked onto her toes. (Yikes! He might have to revisit his views on foot fetishes.)
Jesus, she was driving him crazy this morning. Of course, he loved it! And her. But this could go too far too quickly, so he stopped the game and gently lowered his little girl to the ground. She gave him a hug from behind and then bounced to the counter as if nothing special had happened.
That's when Allen saw her outfit. She looked adorable and incredibly hot in just a t-shirt and panties! Her hair in a pony tail, she simply oozed alluring, young sexiness. Adding to the impact were the pink cotton panties with green lace edging that had started everything! And this t-shirt wasn't long like yesterday's. It was short, just coming down to the top of her cute bubble butt, which looked fabulous as always, wrapped in her pink, little-girl panties.
He was stunned. Allen was sure his daughter was speaking. Something about only having time for a banana and really liking their shape lately. She turned toward him, peeling her banana, and leaned back against the counter.
Heehee! Her Daddy hadn't moved from the spot where he let her down, and he looked a bit shell shocked. That seemed a lovely comment on her outfit, which she had expected...hoped...he would like a lot.
"What, Daddy?" she smiled innocently as he just stared at her. She looked down and then back at him. "Oh, this?" She indicated her outfit, emphasizing the panties. "I hope you don't mind. I was feeling lazy and needed to get down here quickly to eat something. I spent too much time in the shower this morning for some reason and don't want to be late for school. My test is first period. You don't mind, do you, Daddy?"
"Uh. Mind? Um. Ah. N... no. Don't...um...mind. Uh. That is... At all."
Her Daddy was so eloquent sometimes, heehee!
Allen was gawking at his teenage daughter and knew it but could do nothing about it. He watched as she ate, studying her kissable lips as they moved. Within her t-shirt, her breasts seemed to be moving freely, and he wondered if his baby girl was braless.
But most of Allen's attention was on his little girl's panties. Besides the fact that they were pink and cute and on display right in front of him, which would be exciting enough, they were also wet. There was a dark spot around her pussy that was not small and seemed to grow under his gaze. She was standing there nonchalantly talking while clearly turned on from the whole situation. He loved that!
While eating, Chloe let him know of an after-school club she had to stay for, so she'd be home a little later. She sounded as sad as he that they wouldn't have homework time today, but it might be ok to cool off a bit! She made quick work of her breakfast and then stretched in front of him, arms over head, pulling the t-shirt up her body so all of her panties and some of her taut belly were on display, seemingly as a final offering before heading up to get dressed for school.
Allen found his voice. "Sweetheart?"
"Yes, Daddy?"
"You told me you'd be sad if I didn't ask, so I'm asking. Um...If I could request lip gloss when we say goodbye at the door? Maybe Chloe's Essence, if you still have any?"
"Oh, Daddy! Yay! Yes." She clapped her hands in delight. "Definitely. Absolutely. And don't worry: I don't expect to run out anytime soon." He watched his beautiful daughter bound up the back stairs and headed to the front hall.
...
As Chloe came down the front stairs, Allen fell in love with her all over again, as he usually did every time he saw her. She said nothing, just reached out her hand, looking deeply into his eyes, her green gaze piercing into him. He took her hand, and she pirouetted under his to spin into his embrace. The best!
Then she pulled back and looked up, her lips shining in the morning light of the front hall. They looked delicious. Allen knew they would truly be delicious if she had granted his request. He leaned in.
Allen immediately got lost in the taste of his daughter as they kissed. Her lips were thickly coated with Chloe's Essence, and he drank hungrily. There was so much of it! He didn't quite know how but didn't care. It was the nectar of the gods, and he wanted it all! He could be forgiven if he used his tongue a little to get everything.
Allen finally realized he had pretty much voraciously attacked his daughter's face with a deep, long, sucking kiss! She didn't seem too much the worse for the wear, though, and it looked like it was her turn to be a bit stunned. As he gently let her go, she stepped back, dazed, with a lopsided grin. He took that as a compliment!
Chloe was butter after their kiss. She knew what she would be offering and thought she was prepared, but his kiss was way more deep and long and loving and...hungry?...than she had even expected.
She had been ecstatic when he had requested her Essence, since she knew she had a ready supply in her wet panties, especially after having his naked, hard cock under her toes and then standing there with her panties fully exposed to him while she ate. She had sucked all the copious juices she could from her panties, coating her lips heavily but also holding the rest of her delicious goo in her mouth (yum!) to keep feeding it to him when they kissed.
It worked! Even better than she had anticipated. She wondered again how her Daddy would react if he knew he was drinking his daughter's pussy juices out of her own mouth.
Chloe melted into her Daddy's arms afterward for a final squeeze. She breathed him in. He always smelled so good! She pushed all her love into him and then reluctantly turned to leave for school.
As Chloe headed out the door, Allen called after her. "Precious?"
Chloe turned back toward him. He could still see the aftermath of their kiss in her eyes. "Yes, Daddy?"
"Good luck on your test today!"
Chloe smiled and chuckled, nodding her head slightly in amusement. "Thanks, Daddy!"
See? He could still be a normal dad when he wanted to be!
At school
Chloe felt she did well on her test. When she wasn't sticking her finger into her pussy in front of her Daddy, exposing her sheer-bra-clad breasts in her romper, leaning over in wide-neck t-shirts, ogling his hard cock, masturbating to amazing orgasms, drinking her pussy juice, or feeding it to her Daddy, she was actually a pretty good student, heehee! How her life had changed this week! She was so happy.
Later in the day, Chloe wasn't surprised to be pulled into an empty bathroom again by Amanda. She had actually been looking forward to it more than she realized. "Look!" her best friend exclaimed, as she pulled up her top to flash her bra to Chloe.
"So sexy! And heehee, samesies!" Chloe giggled as she took her top off to show Amanda her bra. Not wanting her girlfriend to be disappointed after yesterday's conservative cotton ensemble, Chloe had worn the lacy, light-green set they had bought together with their friends a while back. (She rationalized these were bought earlier so were OK to show others...well, Amanda...besides her Daddy. Besides, he had already seen and enjoyed them!) Her brown nipples were slightly visible through the lace and noticeably hard.
Coincidentally, Amanda had worn her matching set, in lavender. They giggled at the discovery. Her breasts looked lovely, the perfect size and shape, her pink nipples showing through the sexy lace. "That is so pretty on you!" she told her best friend.
"You're beautiful in yours!" Amanda exclaimed. "I hope you're wearing the panties, too," she declared, as she unsnapped and unzipped her shorts to reveal the lavender lace beneath.
Without really thinking about it, Chloe unfastened her own shorts, dropped them to the ground, and stepped out of them. She tossed the shirt she was holding onto the pile. She struck a pose and giggled.
"OMG! You are the hottest creature on this planet!" Amanda gushed. She then looked down, suddenly seeming uncharacteristically shy. "Should I...? Can I...Do you mind...?"
It took Chloe a second to figure out what Amanda was asking, but then she just nodded in encouragement. Amanda smiled widely and then dropped her own shorts, peeled off her shirt, and let it go. She struck her own pose.
"We're going to have to call it a tie on the hottest girl part," Chloe offered with an affectionate grin, looking at her girlfriend in a new light. They had always been completely open with each other and seen each other in all stages of undress many times, but they had certainly never stripped together in the school bathroom! It was more fun than she'd have thought.
Amanda looked at the bathroom door with longing. "I want to go out there, just like this!" Chloe worried for a moment that she actually would. "Chloe, I don't know how to describe it. This urge. I really want to be seen. I'm petrified of actually doing it, but the idea turns me on so much!"
"Sweetie, with how good you look, it would be a shame not to share it," Chloe chuckled. Then, somewhat ironically, she tried to lead by example and started getting dressed before someone came in. They'd been risking discovery for a bit too long. "You're a bona fide exhibitionist, it seems. I totally understand the desire. It's always a huge thrill for me! But you can't just waltz around in public like that, especially at school."
"Wait, what?" Amanda started dressing, thankfully, as she asked.
Shit. "Nothing!"
"What did you mean, 'It's always a thrill'? Have you done it?"
"I...um. It... I... I just mean it's a thrill to think about. Let's talk about you! Have you done it?"
"I could never! I want to so much but have never been able to get myself to do it." Amanda paused and looked at Chloe, pleading. "Can you help me?"
Chloe thought for a bit and then answered, "We have a free period together tomorrow. Do you want to play? There'll be nobody in the hall while class is going on. Well, not many. You can't just walk out there undressed, with the security cameras in the ceilings. So, here's what you do. Wear a skirt! One that is flowy and will spin really well. I'll let you decide the length! You're gonna spin in the hall and show what you've got underneath. I'll be your lookout. Fun?"
"God, yes! I can do that. Heehee!" Amanda pulled Chloe into an excited hug in thanks and gave her a quick kiss. On her mouth. "I can't wait!" Chloe's lips tingled a bit from the kiss. She smiled.
Back at home
Chloe was at her school club meeting, so Allen was in the dining room with Kathy and the jigsaw puzzle. When he heard her car door, his heart skipped a beat, a common occurrence when he thought of his little girl. In his mind, he made a mad dash to the front door, but he believed outwardly he appeared more calm.
It took mere seconds for the door to open and his gorgeous young daughter to come through, drop her backpack, and leap into his waiting arms. She didn't even yell "incoming" this time. Without preamble, one hand was on her butt cheek, one hand was wrapped around her back reaching onto the side of her breast, and his lips were locked onto hers. He had enough sense to back up the hallway a bit, out of view of the arch into the dining room.
As he drank down another generous supply of Chloe's Essence (where did it all come from?), his baby girl twisted in his arms so that he could fully cup her breast over her top. He didn't know what had gotten her so worked up, but he wasn't arguing one bit!
Chloe was so horny! She had taken the extreme risk of removing her shorts and playing with herself over her green lace panties the whole drive home. She had succeeded in her goal of soaking herself enough that she slipped off her panties in the driveway and sucked her juices from them onto and into her mouth. She stuffed her panties into her backpack, put on her shorts, and leapt out of the car, eager to share another pussy-juice kiss with her Daddy.
As her lover sucked at her lips, she twisted her breast into his welcoming hand. His other hand already had a firm grip on her butt. He started kneading her over her clothes with both hands. It felt so good!
After several feverish moments lost together in passion, they seemed to come to their senses a bit, both at the same time, realizing they were making out in the hallway with her Mommy right on the other side of the wall.
Chloe shook her head to clear it and giggled quietly, as she slid down her Daddy onto her feet and gave him a final squeeze. His erection was very obvious between them, and she was proud and happy again to be the cause!
Allen leaned against the wall to gain his bearings after an all-too-brief but intense session with his delicious little girl. Dazed, he watched as she retrieved her backpack, greeted Kathy, and then bounced up the stairs. Just before heading out of view, she turned and blew him a kiss, with a wink and a smile. He caught it in the air and brought it to his lips, and age-old and innocent thing they'd done for years, but this time there was so much more meaning behind the gesture.
At the top of the stairs and out of sight, Chloe disrobed completely. Jesus, she was so turned on! She rubbed every part of her she could reach, standing right there out in the open, before collecting her things and slowly walking naked to her room. As soon as she closed the door, she dashed to her bed and clamped her hands onto and into herself and immediately came. She didn't realize until after she'd done it that she had called for her Daddy out loud.
"Did Chloe just call for you?"
Shit. Allen knew what that sound was (and inwardly cheered his little girl on!), and Kathy had heard. "Uh, maybe. I guess. I'll, uh, go check on her."
Allen knocked lightly on his precious girl's door with a slight, knowing grin. "Ahem, Chloe? Your mom heard you call me."
"I know, Daddy," she sheepishly replied through the door. "I'm sorry about that."
"So, well, I'm here checking if you're feeling good and if you need anything," he teased.
"I need you to come in here and fuck your baby girl! To take my virginity and make love to me all night!" her horny little body responded. But instead Chloe answered,"I'm fine Daddy. I feel very, very, very good. And Daddy?"
"Yes, precious?"
"Thank you for that."
Chloe willed her Daddy to open the door. If he did, he'd find her sitting naked in bed with her legs wide open, facing the door with her glistening pussy, engorged and satisfied after an intense orgasm brought on by his kisses and caresses.
But he didn't.
Dinner time
Chloe bounded down the back stairs into the kitchen and greeted them both. Like yesterday, she was in a long t-shirt, covering her shorts. Kathy nodded at her outfit and asked, "The new normal?"
"Sorry. Maybe? Daddy's t-shirts are always so comfy!"
And they always smell of him and make my head spin because of it, Chloe added to herself. And some are a fun length, like this one.
As they turned back to the counter to put the finishing touches on dinner, Chloe came between them and put her arms around both their backs. "Love you both. Can I help?" Then Allen felt his little girl's hand slide down his back and onto his butt, giving him a nice squeeze before returning. That was new!
"Just set the table, please. Everything's ready!"
When they sat down to eat, Chloe was last, so Allen was already seated when she pulled out her chair to his left. As she sat, he watched her legs spread nicely before she pulled herself in under the table. He immediately shot a surprised look to her face and found a mask of forced innocence.
She wasn't wearing shorts! Allen's eyes were treated to a thrilling view of a new (to him, at least), sexy pair of panties, clearly visible as the hem of her t-shirt rode up her bare thighs when she sat. Yikes! That was taking quite a chance with Kathy there, but she seemed to have gotten away with it.
Allen replayed the details in his mind's eye, as he tried to act normal. His precious little girl's panties weren't sheer like yesterday's, but they were definitely not conservative! They were sexy black lace, and they angled deeply toward her pussy. It looked like the right side was all lace and covered much of her mons and all of her pussy, while the left was more like three straps reaching toward the center, angled down across her hip to the V between her legs. Some of her heart-shaped hair peeked out the top on the side with the straps, while the rest was partially visible under the lace. Cool design, he thought objectively. Sexy baby girl, he thought excitedly!
Chloe made sure she got up a couple times during the meal to refresh drinks or even get an extra napkin she didn't really seem to need. Each time, Allen feasted on a wide-legged view of his daughter in her exposed panties and the pussy hair and lips sexily visible beneath. This pair seemed impractical in that it had no cotton panel in the crotch, just lace all the way down and through to what looked like might be sheer material in the rear. He was fully in support of impracticality in this case, as he could make out the opening to her pussy beneath the material, his first sight of that holy grail, albeit partially concealed beneath the lace.
The final time she spread for him, it looked like her pussy was glistening from her excitement. So hot! Allen idly wondered how well those panties would absorb any juices with only lace at the crotch. He had his answer as she headed upstairs afterward. Fortunately, Kathy was looking the other way, getting dishes started. Chloe had gotten a bit of a wet stain on his t-shirt she was wearing, soaking a juicy, visible spot just under her cute bubble butt.
Movie Night
Chloe joined them in the family room later for their traditional Tuesday Movie Night. They got a bit of a late start, since she had to do some homework after dinner due to her earlier club activities.
Allen's precious baby girl was in the same long t-shirt, which she must have managed to dry out in the meantime. He hoped that meant she was wearing the same panties (and only panties!) underneath and that he might also get a glimpse of the bra she had on. Given the cool design of the panties, he wondered (for educational purposes only, of course) whether the bra was part of a matching set with similar design.
Before anyone's arrival, Allen had already set himself up in his shorts on the couch like he had earlier. The legs were nicely loose, and he had pulled the crotch to the left side, so there was a workable gap on the right. He again rolled his sack a bit under himself, so his cock could lie flat on the couch if ("when," he hoped) he had reason to get hard.
It didn't take long.
This was Movie Night, so there was no question where Chloe was going to sit. She always sat with her Daddy and cuddled on Movie Night! She was particularly looking forward to tonight, their first Movie Night since all the sexy play with her Daddy had started.
As Chloe arrived, she leaned over deeply in front of her Daddy, placing her hands high on his right thigh, pushing up under his shorts an extra bit. She asked what they would be watching, while she instead was watching for his reaction. She got what she wanted! His eyes widened as his gaze fell into the large gap at her neck, and she knew he could see her bra as well as past that to her panties. Everything! Take it all in, my sweet Daddy!
This would be his first time seeing her bra. Chloe knew her Daddy would like it! It was a shelf bra with lacy support under her breasts only, stopping well below the sexy brown tips. Curving over the top of her breasts were single, thin straps similar to the three over the left hip of her panties. From that strap hung light, frilly black lace, which was separated from the shelf below.
Standing, there wouldn't be enough lace to cover her nipples. Leaning over like this, Chloe knew there was even less coverage! (She had tested the effect in the mirror in her room.) Her breasts would be pushed out by the shelf material, and her areolas and nipples would be fully naked (and very puffy and erect right now!) to her Daddy's view, framed above by the frilly black lace.
Chloe thought that was about as hot as her breasts had ever looked, and she was intensely thrilled to be sharing the view with him! She almost started shaking, she was so turned on by her Daddy looking at her fully exposed tips, so close to his gaze! He could nearly kiss them if the situation were different.
Since her right hand was on the inside of his thigh, she bent her fingers, hoping there'd be something there to touch. She was rewarded with the warm feel of his penis against the back of her hand. Yum!
As Chloe twisted to sit next to her stunned Daddy, she extended her fingers to brush them along his full length before removing her hand and cuddling next to him. She swore she almost felt it growing under her touch. She gave him a kiss on the cheek and whispered very quietly right in his ear, so her Mommy wouldn't hear, "You're welcome, Daddy." Whether it was for the view or the touch, she'd let him decide.
Her Mommy had made popcorn, as usual, and she kept her smaller bowl at her end of the couch, while handing Chloe a larger bowl to share with her Daddy.
Chloe adjusted her position to lift her legs up against her Daddy's right thigh to block any view by her Mommy between her Daddy's legs, in case things got active there again. She tried to angle her thighs up a bit, too. She knew her Daddy couldn't see up her t-shirt from that angle, but it was close! And she thought everything would look OK from her Mommy's side of the couch, especially since her Mommy thought she was also wearing shorts. Which she very much was not!
They settled in to watch their selection, a comedy.
Allen and his little girl often got silly on Movie Night. They always shared a bowl of popcorn, and not all of it made it into their mouths. Though they sometimes fed each other, they would usually instead throw pieces at each other, try to steal from the other, and wipe their hands on their opponent if they got too salty. (Thankfully, they didn't have oily butter on their popcorn!) Kathy was always amused they were so goofy together, and Allen hoped she felt the same tonight. Because things took a decidedly sexy turn this time as they got up to the same shenanigans.
Chloe started things off by offering him a piece of popcorn, feeding it to him. Simple and innocent, as they'd done for years. However, her next offered piece included lingering fingertips trailing over Allen's lips. The third resulted in her index finger slipping between his lips into his mouth, following the popcorn inside. Very sensual! She then wiped her wet finger slowly across his chest to dry it off, rubbing directly over his left nipple in both directions. All this was done while looking away at the screen.
Allen returned the favor, copying all three techniques, ending with his finger being licked from inside his daughter's warm, sensuous mouth, her soft tongue tickling his fingertip. What then to do with his wet finger? He took her lead and kept copying her actions.
Allen caressed his wet finger across his baby girl's chest, directly stroking her right breast up and over her nipple and back. Her nipple felt very excited and stiff under her t-shirt, and he felt the wondrous, soft bulge of her puffy areola under his touch. So hot! He knew there was only t-shirt between his finger and her bare nipple, which was not covered at all by her sexy bra. As he flicked his young daughter's nipple on the way back, he heard Chloe catch her breath with a light gasp.
Allen then took a piece and tossed it at his baby girl's cheek. It bopped her there and fell into her lap. She squinted and gave him some side eye as she retrieved the piece and ate it. He tried not to get too entranced watching her cute tongue, as it darted between her delicious lips. She formed a mischievous grin as she planned her next move.
Two can play at that game, Chloe thought, getting into the spirit. She grabbed two pieces and successfully aimed them at his nose. One dropped into her Daddy's lap, while the other fell between his legs. As he reached for the first, she dove her hand into the gap between his thigh and penis.
Chloe pretended to fish around for the second popcorn piece but really was focused on touching as much skin as possible! She wiggled her fingers under her Daddy's bare thigh then reached up under his shorts all the way to the top of his leg, her hand snuggling between his thigh and his naked balls. She ran her fingers up and down the sensitive skin in the crease, like he'd now done to her several times at bedtime. His warm, smooth sack felt very nice rubbing against the back of her hand!
Chloe then pulled her hand back, trailing two fingers along what she discovered was a very hard cock! Hard for her. She loved that! She brushed along her Daddy's cock all the way to the smooth head. Yum!
Not that she cared, but she eventually found the popcorn. She picked it up and ran it along his shaft before bringing it to her mouth. She glanced over at her Daddy, who was looking right at her, mouth agape. So, as sexily as she could muster, she stuck her tongue out and licked the popcorn piece before putting it in her mouth and making a show of swallowing it. She then licked her fingers and reached over to smear them across his lips.
Chloe was pretty sure she won that round, heehee! She peeked over at her Mommy, who thankfully seemed focused on the movie. They were always so silly in front of her, she hardly noticed anymore. Hopefully all the new antics didn't appear much different on the surface.
Allen was stunned. And turned on. And hard. Incredibly hard. God, Chloe was so fun and sexy! Their playfulness and closeness over all the years of her life translated easily, he found, into this new world that included added erotic elements. The base love and fun and silliness was all still there.
He realized it was his move. There was no way Allen could top what she'd just done. But he did want his opportunity for a hands-on experience! And maybe some more peeking.
It was time for triple popcorn. He took three pieces and rapid-fired them at Chloe. He intentionally missed her face and aimed at her collar, which gapped a bit against her chest. Success! All three pieces disappeared down her shirt.
Chloe giggled and pulled her t-shirt collar away from her body to find where the popcorn went. She pulled it as far open as she could. (You're welcome, Daddy!) She knew her Daddy had another clear and close-up view of her naked areolas and nipples, pushed up and forward by her sexy, lacy black bra. The frilly lace hanging down the tops of her breasts emphasized their shape and curve while leaving the puffy and erect tips fully on display. She tried to control her breathing. It was such a thrill to put herself on display for her Daddy like this!
One piece of popcorn was visibly lodged between her breasts. She imagined her Daddy was watching jealously as she reached into her shirt to retrieve the piece herself. She glanced sideways at him with a grin as she squeezed her nipple in front of him while doing so. Then, instead of eating the piece, she reached over and fed it to him! She was winning this round, too, and it was his round, ha! But there were two more pieces to find.
Allen sucked on the popcorn piece in his mouth like he was sucking on the breast it had just touched. It was silly, but it was still thrilling and fun! As his little girl looked for the other pieces down her open collar, he could clearly see both of her beautiful teen breasts and bare tips, puffy and erect in her excitement.
He could also see past her gorgeous globes to her belly. What he could not see was either of the other two pieces of popcorn. So, that meant they had fallen farther down. The best way to get to them, then, was obviously from the other end!
Hoping Kathy still thought Chloe had shorts on under her t-shirt, Allen took the lead and pulled the hem away from his daughter's bare legs to look up her shirt for the popcorn. Of course, he didn't care much about finding either piece but instead was much more interested in the search!
Allen was immediately greeted by a fabulous view of his young daughter's black-lace covered pussy. Her legs were together, but there was still lace to be seen and bare skin around it. He could clearly see her heart-shaped patch through and above the top of the panties. He loved that heart, like it was a hidden symbol of their love for each other, just for them.
He couldn't see any popcorn, so he naturally needed to reach in to find it! He ran his hand up her thigh and poked all around to see what he could find, as she playfully slapped at his hands and giggled lightly.
Allen felt along the lace and tickled his little girl's soft pussy hair, including reaching under the top hem to caress and trace the whole heart. (What that had to do with his search was irrelevant!) He ran his fingers along the cool straps on her left side as they arced over her hip. He pushed his hands between her thighs and rubbed his finger directly over her lace-covered pussy, also knowing there was little chance the popcorn lodged itself between her closed legs! In the end, he found a piece near her hip and brought it out, popping his trophy into his mouth.
Needing (not really!) to find the third piece, he dove back in. This time, he pulled Chloe's knees apart and pulled her shirt hem away wide to look everywhere. That of course meant a direct view at her whole pussy under the black lace! She was dripping with excitement. He had felt that was true based on his earlier caress and confirmed it with this amazing, direct view. He expected the back side of his t-shirt on her had another wet spot forming. It was exciting to know he could play a part in her getting so turned on!
One of these days he'd love to know how those delicious-looking juices tasted. He brought his hand directly up between her legs in his search and brushed all his fingers along her visible pussy in a vain search for the elusive final piece. In the end, after much struggling and giggling and more copping of feels, he gave up.
Chloe stood up and did a cute little shake of her entire body, and the last piece dropped down and onto the rug. "Voila!" She squatted to pick it up with a wide-legged view that displayed her pussy to Allen once again. He would never get tired of a view like that! He watched as she lightly rubbed the piece over her pussy, adding some of the juices that had leaked through the lace, before sucking it into her mouth, looking directly into his eyes.
The rest of the bowl went similarly. While they spent some time trying to be good, just eating popcorn and watching the movie, they had several bouts and battles, resulting in much sexy and playful fun!
Allen got in more feels of his daughter's breasts through her t-shirt. He had many, many glorious views down her shirt to her naked, puffy areolas and hard nipples, as she pulled open the collar at any excuse. He had her finger in his mouth and returned the favor, both sucking on each other's digits. He had several looks at her panties, often with spread knees, right at her juicy pussy.
His little girl had skin to skin contact with his cock many times, as she pretended to look for popcorn. At one point, Chloe poked around so much his cock was finally fully released from his shorts leg. Neither of them did anything to remedy the situation. Chloe was positioned such that Kathy couldn't see between his legs to his exposure, and she was so used to their goofiness, she wasn't paying much attention to them except for the occasional amused grin or comment.
Movie Night with her Daddy was even more fun than Chloe could have hoped! She was so turned on from exposing her lacy bra, with how it openly displayed her breasts, and her pussy, which she knew he could see was wet with her excitement. She sensuously sucked on his finger and received the same treatment in return.
At one point, she could taste her own pussy juice on his finger. Yummy! (If only he had tasted that for himself, he'd have been in for quite a surprise!) Her Daddy fondled her breasts multiple times and brushed her pussy, lightly tracing over her heart-shaped patch. The tickling sensation each time he did that was so arousing!
Best of all, of course, was his cock! Her Daddy's fabulous, naked, hard, exposed cock between his legs. Chloe had been intentionally grabbing all around it, getting in all the thrilling feels she could. Even from the start, she could clearly see it in all its glory, erect and barely hidden in his shorts leg.
At one point, in a brazen move, she had pretended to reach all the way under his cock, looking for the latest popcorn ammunition, then flipped her hand so she cupped his shaft in her fingers for the first time ever! Jesus! She was holding her Daddy's hard cock in her hand! She gave it a pull to free it from his shorts, and there it stayed. Yay!
Chloe's had trouble paying attention for the rest of the movie. Her Daddy's erect penis was fully exposed right in front of her! Not only was it in reach, she had a ready excuse to actually touch it! And she did, many times. She felt his balls, his veiny shaft, the smooth tip, all under the guise of searching for dropped popcorn. She was tempted to just grab it and stroke it, but that clearly wasn't going to happen for several reasons, not the least of which was how obvious it would have been!
At one point, her hand was near his cock head, and her drippy Daddy leaked right onto her finger. OMG! It was a nice-sized drop. Chloe couldn't resist. She had to! She knew her Daddy was watching as she slowly brought her finger up and put it in her mouth. She nearly groaned out loud as she got her first taste of her Daddy's pre-cum. It was delicious! It was similar but also very different from her own pussy juices, which she was very familiar with. It tasted even better than she had dreamed. She sure hoped she got to taste that again. A lot!
Unfortunately, the movie was ending, so Chloe reached down and fully circled her Daddy's cock with her fingers. She gave it a loving, goodbye squeeze, hoping to see it (and touch it!) (and taste it!!) again very soon.
Allen couldn't believe how much his baby girl was getting away with fondling his hard cock! She barely left it alone, and he wasn't complaining. Her hand felt so soft and warm on him. Perfect. Thrilling! It felt like her fingers had finally found their home. When she actually brought some of his pre-cum to her mouth, he nearly exploded, untouched! And he almost did again when she wrapped her hand around him and gave him a final, gentle squeeze. It was probably a good thing the movie ended when it did!
Allen put his erection away and closed his legs. There was no way he could stand up right now! Kathy said goodnight with a grin, chuckling and saying once more that, with how silly they both always were with their popcorn, it was a surprise any got eaten. She gave Chloe a kiss on the cheek and Allen a kiss on the lips then headed upstairs with a yawn.
Chloe cleared the popcorn bowls then stood in front of Allen and reached out her hand. "You're taking me upstairs and putting me to bed. Now," she declared. They must have been quite a sight, holding hands as she led him up the back staircase, him with his rock-hard cock pushing his shorts straight out in front of him, his baby girl with a large, wet stain of leaked pussy juice soaking the back of her t-shirt.
Goodnight time
Chloe led Allen into her bedroom and closed the door. Letting go of his hand, she pulled down her covers and climbed onto the bed, pulling the hem of her t-shirt above her waist in the process, so he had a complete view of her sexy, lacy panties. She pulled him down to his usual spot beside her on the bed and, without saying anything, spread her legs, knees up. She silently looked at him in anticipation. He could hear her breathing.
Allen took a moment to soak in this breathtaking view of his beautiful, young daughter. He had direct line of sight between his precious baby girl's parted legs to her pussy, barely hiding under black lace. Her juices were visible as she leaked through her panties in her excitement.
Allen reminded himself where his self-imposed boundaries were but wasted little time getting to the rest! He put one hand on each knee then slid both hands down her inner thighs, landing again in the sensitive spots at the tops of her legs, just along the edges of her panties, next to her engorged pussy. He rubbed his thumbs up and down the bare skin there, teasing his little girl. With his fingers on top of her pelvis, his right index finger buried in her soft patch of hair, he continued to massage her with his thumbs.
Allen wasn't going to make a move under Chloe's panties, but at this point he was more than willing to touch anywhere else. He stared at his daughter's swollen teen pussy as he kept running his thumbs along the edge of her panties. He pushed them toward each other, squeezing her pussy lips together then releasing them, continuing in a circular motion.
Uncharacteristically, they both remained silent. Well, they didn't talk, anyway. Chloe frequently cooed or gasped, and Allen earned several approving "mm-hmm" reactions.
The only word Allen spoke was, "neck?" Chloe responded with a simple nod of permission, her eyes a bit glazed with clear and deep arousal. Allen temporarily left his ministrations of his daughter's pussy and slid his hands up her body.
Allen scooted himself higher on the bed as, theoretically on the way to her neck, he boldly caressed his little girl's young, firm breasts through the t-shirt, fondling them lovingly and noting again how perfectly they fit in his hands. He could feel her puffy and hard tips and knew there was nothing but the t-shirt between his hands and her naked flesh.
Allen rolled his baby girl's nipples between his fingers multiple times before begrudgingly moving on. He reached his fingers around to massage the back of her elegant neck and graceful shoulders for several moments, earning yet another "mm-hmm."
An unexpected side benefit if his current position was that Chloe could reach his hard cock, and she didn't hesitate to take advantage. She traced her fingers all around his cock through his wet and stained shorts and gave him several gentle squeezes. He had leaked so much pre-cum, the wet spot was huge!
Allen knew he'd better put an end to this soon before it went too far. It would be very easy to take the next simple steps, and he wanted to, intensely. He knew his daughter would let him, but he just couldn't bring himself to do so.
Allen wasn't quite finished, yet, however. He caressed his hands back down to her fabulous breasts and allowed himself to enjoy the sensation of his baby girl's fingers on his cock through his shorts, while he massaged her soft but firm, perfectly-sized globes some more. Eventually, he scooted back in the bed to his usual spot and brought his hands back between his daughter's legs.
The sight was amazing! While he was paying so much attention to her upper half, her pussy had been virtually gushing onto the bed. He was ecstatic to see how turned on he was able to make her!
Allen rubbed both forefingers and middle fingers directly over her panty-covered pussy and through the copious pussy juice there. He was so tempted to lick his fingers! But he traced all the liquid in a trail to each knee then brought his hands back to his little girl's crotch.
Chloe squirmed, eyes closed, as he applied his thumbs again to rub the outside of her pussy lips from the edge of her soaked panties, pushing them together to use them to rub her clit. His precious girl started quietly whining in excitement, and he knew he could easily bring her to orgasm this way. She was so close!
It was probably the worse kind of tease, but he couldn't do it. He slowed down his ministrations, and Chloe opened her eyes and looked at him, pleading. "No, Daddy! Please!" she whispered, her first words since they had entered her bedroom. "Please, Daddy!" she whined adorably, begging for release at his touch.
He scooted up and leaned in. He kissed her lovingly and said, "I'm sorry, my love. I...I just can't. It's difficult to explain. I know it would be amazing! But we have to be...careful." He kissed her again. "I love you so much! I have no words. But I have to go. Although...I will be right outside your door again, listening for a bit. If that's OK with you."
Chloe nodded, looking a little sad but mostly just extremely aroused still, eyes half closed. She reached for Allen's cock again as he kissed her one last time before getting up and, regretfully, exiting her room, closing the door quietly behind him.
Allen pulled his raging cock out through his fly as, once again, he heard his baby girl's increasing excitement as she worked herself toward an orgasm that he assumed would come quickly. He jerked his cock as he intently listened. He heard his baby girl start calling his name as her excitement peaked, ending with a final scream of, "Daddyyyyyyyy!" as she came.
This time, though, she also would have heard him calling "Chloe!" and grunting in pleasure as he came hard, jerking ropes of cum into his hand (well, as much as he could catch) in sync with his baby daughter's orgasm on the other side of her thin door.
Chloe's epilogue
Once again, Chloe's orgasm...make that orgasms!...were powerful and thrilling. She was exhausted after a wave of three full orgasms and countless aftershocks. She had called her Daddy's name each time! He was the cause, after all. He had gotten her so worked up; his hands, fingers, and thumbs had felt fabulous on her, everywhere he touched. She almost came under her Daddy's touch, so she didn't have to put in much effort to trigger her series of climaxes after he sadly left.
Chloe knew some day her Daddy would stay, and it would be glorious! She would be patient. Well, for now. A little. But she wanted all of him with all of her, making love every way possible now and forever. She would willingly give him her virginity when he was ready, as he was the only man on the planet she could even conceive of deserving it.
Chloe's bed was soaked with her pussy juices. She had flung her t-shirt, bra, and panties onto the bed as soon as her door closed, before driving her fingers onto and into her wet pussy. Now she had a veritable feast laid before her!
Chloe licked her fingers clean then scooped and drank every last drop from her pussy. She stuck her panties into her mouth and sucked all the pussy juice she could from them. She then got on all fours on her bed and started licking and sucking on the huge wet spot her Daddy had made her gush onto her sheets. Her pussy juices were so delicious! She could never get enough. After she consumed every source of her juices she could find, she paused, feeling euphoric.
It was kind of amazing to Chloe how quickly things had progressed from her innocent showing of cotton panties just three nights ago. She was so happy they had! She reflected that she shouldn't really be that surprised, since she and her Daddy had been close since the day she was born. All these added elements seemed like easy and welcome extensions to their already deep affection, naturally flowing from all the love and time together they already shared.
As she turned off her light and climbed back into bed, she didn't avoid the wet spot. Chloe would sleep naked right on it, like a badge of honor. Her Daddy had brought those juices from her with his love and her excitement from all the erotic moments they shared, whether playful or more serious.
She loved her Daddy deeply, intensely, and completely. Not just as a daughter but as a young woman who knew and appreciated what an amazing person he was. She looked forward to spending the night making constant love to him in her dreams.
Allen's epilogue
As Allen walked to the hall bathroom, he drank the large pool of cum he had caught in his hand. He had always found his own cum tasty, and while he didn't regularly swallow it, he was ready and willing in a pinch! While on the way, he heard Chloe call his name a second time. Go, Chloe! Ha. As he brought a wet washcloth back to her door to clean the mess of cum he didn't catch in his hand, Chloe called for him a third time. It turned him on immensely to know she was still cumming in there and that he had helped get her so worked up that she was still going at it.
He loved his daughter with an intensity that was hard to handle sometimes. He knew they would be amazing if they ever got together sexually. He yearned for it with every fiber of his being. But he also knew holding back now was the right thing, though he couldn't even explain to himself why, let alone articulate it to Chloe. He hoped she understood.
He knew what his dreams would consist of, however! There were no boundaries while sleeping, and he looked forward to a full night of sucking her nipples, eating her pussy, and pounding his hard cock into his young daughter, as her real-life screams of his name echoed through his nighttime fantasies. It was going to be a good night!