"You have to come see this!"
Catherine giggled conspiratorially, looking left and right to make sure no teachers or nuns were around. Mt. St. Vesper Ladies Finishing School was quite strict, and the staff tended to spy on their students even though they were of legal age. It was a catholic college in all but name, and even though the Dean said that students of all faiths and creeds were welcome, everyone knew the truth. Students were supposed to live "conservative" lifestyles. The idea was to raise them into proper adults without the risk of being led astray as so many young people in out-of-control 'party' schools ended up. At least, that was what the Dean told parents at orientation. In reality, the conservative lifestyle was all but religious indoctrination, funneling students into "volunteering" as missionaries. Plus, if you didn't participate in the totally-not-mandatory Sunday masses, it was common knowledge that the professors (many of whom were ministers, nuns, or even priests) would take it out on your grades. So somehow this totally secular school managed to have almost perfect church attendance. The freedoms of the students were also heavily restricted, with curfew hours (no one was allowed to live off-campus), 24/7 quiet, and supervision and permission required for just about everything. Two girls couldn't sleep over in each others' dorms without a signed slip from their resident supervisor, and leaving campus to visit the local town or strip mall was permitted only on weekends in group trips. It was like being in middle school all over again. Even when the girls hit 21, they weren't allowed to have alcohol on campus or go anywhere on their own.
Naturally, such a lifestyle was maddening, and many of the young women ended up more rebellious than they ever would have without the constant policing. There was a roaring smuggling trade going on, with almost every girl knowing at least one connection for drugs and alcohol. Underground parties were hosted almost every weekend, and (surprisingly enough) birth control was one of the most popular contraband items available.
Chastity frowned, fiddling nervously with her bag. She was one of the more straight-edge girls, having come from a deeply traditional family. Her older sisters had also attended St. Vesper, and her parents had sent her here because they were so pleased with the results. Chastity didn't like breaking rules, and getting in trouble gave her minor panic attacks. Still, she was curious, and Catherine had never done anythingbadas far as Chastity knew.
"A-alright, but it better be quick. I have to be in Calc A in fifteen minutes."
The two girls padded down the hall, past door after closed door. The chem building was almost abandoned at this time, as most chem courses were scheduled on Monday-Wednesday-Friday and it was a sunny Tuesday afternoon. When Catherine entered the stairwell and began to descend, Chastity hesitated.
"Are students allowed down there?"
She'd never been in the chem basement before. Catherine looked back and snorted impatiently, but then offered a reassuring smile.
"Ofcourse. That's where all the grad labs are. Now come on, I thought you didn't want to be late?"
Still wary, but reassured, Chastity followed. The two walked for a short while until Catherine stopped in front of what looked like a supply room. Before Chastity could ask what they were doing here, Catherine pulled the door open and pushed her inside. It was dark, and the nervous girl stumbled forward with a yelp. Behind her, the door clicked shut. Chastity held her arms out blindly, frozen.
"C-Catherine? This isn't funny!"
After a moment of uncomfortable, worrying silence, the light snapped on. Chastity was about to heave a sigh of relief and scold Catherine for the un-funny joke, when she saw what was before her. A shriek bubbled in her throat, but she could only manage a hoarse choking noise.
"D'you like it? I thought you would."
Chastity took a shaky step back, only to bump into Catherine. The other girl grabbed her arms, pinning Chastity with shocking strength. In front of the two of them was a simple wooden table, the kind one might use for woodworking or tool storage. It was clear of anything like that now. Instead, tied spread-eagled across it, was a nude figure. A svelte, pale skinned boy. He had milky-smooth skin, girlish hips, and long, golden hair fanned around his head in a halo. Resting on his chest between his small, rose-pink nipples was a dark wooden cross on a rosary. Chastity couldn't understand what was happening. She knew it was sinful,blasphemouseven, but she couldn't tear her eyes away. The bound boy made a whimpering noise and opened his eyes, brilliant blue, to look at her. As soon as he made eye contact, his head fell back against the table with a thump and his cock began to stiffen. Chastity squeaked and made to turn her head away, but Catherine tangled her fingers into her curly brown locks and forced her to watch. Chastity could have closed her eyes, but some strange, frightening urge inside her wouldn't allow it. She watched the twitching member (the first she had ever seen) grow large and hard. It was smooth and slightly darker than the rest of the boys skin, lined with bluish veins and nestled in a nest of silky blonde pubes.
"C-C-Cath-...C-Catherine!"
She could barely managed to speak, and whatever else she wanted to say died on her lips. Catherine pushed, forcing them both a step closer to the table, and Chastity shied away like she was being walked to the gallows.
"Meet Mary, Chastity. She's been living here with the other girls for almost a year now, isn't that right?"
Mary merely mewled in response, hard cock bobbing up and down.
"She's very special, as you can see. A gifted little girl with somethingextrafor us to play with. Why don't you tell her how pretty she is, how much you like her cock?"
The grip on her hair tightened, but Chastity still couldn't speak. Her chocolate brown eyes were wide and petrified, like a doe in headlights, and she kept struggling to retreat. Catherine tsked softly behind her, as though disappointed.
"My, how rude! Poor Mary, don't worry,Ithink you're lovely. It's okay, I'll teach Chastity to appreciate you."
Something hot and wet wound around Chastity's ankle, and she shuddered, too afraid to look down. More slimy, ropey things curled around her wrists, and this time she had to take a glance. What she saw would have made her scream had something not snaked around her mouth and rendered the cry a muffled yelp. Thick red tentacles, shiny and muscular like an octopuses, were winding up her arms and legs. She was lifted bodily, her back still to Catherine, and held momentarily suspended.
Catherine, as the helpless Chastity surmised, was not entirely human.
"You see, Chastity, I'm a sex demon."
It was almost impossible to believe. Students were taught about angels and demons in theology class, but no one but the craziest fundies actually believed any of that stuff. Devils? Fiends? Comeon. It was fairytale stuff. And yet, apparently not. It appeared that Catherine had followed Chastity's train of thought, because she giggled. The sound was disturbingly girlish and cute.
"Shoulda payed more attention in theology, huh? Oh, how I love playing these games! Turning good little followers into catholic whores, making you get on your knees to do somethingotherthan pray..."
Chastity's face suffused with red at these words. She had never heard such language come from a woman! Sometimes, rude men in town would yell similar things at the girls when they went on weekend outings, but the chaperones always said to ignore them. That proved impossible at the moment. All the while, Chastity watched the glistening red head of Mary's twitching cock. A drop of milky precum had gathered at the tip, and as the swollen member bobbed up and down the pearl of semem touched Mary's stomach. When her cock rose again, a gleaming string like spider-silk connected her smooth belly to the throbbing erection. Something about the sight made Chastity's stomach lurch, and she felt a strange warmth in her crotch. Catherine giggled again.
"So youdolike Mary's cute little hard-on! Though maybe I shouldn't call it little, huh?"
The thick tentacle binding her mouth loosened, and Chastity gasped.
"N-no! No, this is w-wrong! Let me d-down!"
"Oho, found your voice, have you? My, my, Chastity. Don't you know lying is a sin?"
The tentacles around her legs began to pull, forcing Chastity to spread herself wide no matter how she struggled. Her gasps and whimpers of exertion only seemed to amuse Catherine further. When a powerful tentacle pressed itself between Chastity's legs and rubbed, the struggling girl shuddered and went suddenly slack.What is this feeling...? It's...so good! No! No!But her mind and body were at odds. The writhing tendril pressed itself between Chastity's pussy lips, nestling in her slit. In spite of herself, Chastity found her hips moving as she rubbed her clit against the appendage. Even with the white cotton panties between the tentacle and Chastity's sensitive little button, it felt shockingly good.
"See? That's two so far: Lying, and lust. I thought you were a good girl, Chastity?"
"I...I..."
"But you're not.Goodgirls don't lie. And good girlsdefinitelydon't rub their aching little cunts up against anything that'll give them pleasure, like mindless horny dogs."
Somehow, the filthy language was exciting Chastity further. She pumped her hips faster, seeking firmer contact, but Catherine moved her tentacle away so that the panting schoolgirl only received the lightest stimulation.
"You see, Chastity, I decided to play a little game. I'm gonna gather all the virtues for my little set. A harem of catholic whores for me to play with. You'll meet the others soon, but first I'm going to show you just how much of a mindless slut you are."
Chastity had no idea what half of what Catherine had said even meant, but there was a growing dampness between her legs and a growing need in the pit of her stomach. She gasped as a tentacle slipped through the crotch of her matronly cotton underwear and pulled it aside.
"Noo! Unngh, let me go!"
Mary was watching from under half-lidded eyes, cheeks flushed with arousal. The precum was thicker now, a glistening dribble leaking from her cock and pooling on her stomach. Chastity could feel Mary's hot gaze right between her legs, and she couldn't help but look down to see for herself what was being put on display. Chastity bit her lip, moaning quietly. Her cunt was clearly visible, the puffy lips shiny and pink. The barest hint of her clit, engorged with blood, protruded ever so slightly between them. Her downy thatch of sparse pubic hair did nothing to hide any of this. Even as Chastity watched, a dark red tentacle ran its tip along her slit. Up and down, nice and slow. The way her pussy lips parted around the phallic appendage was hypnotizing and obscene. Every time it passed over her clit, Chastity flinched at the jolt of sensation. After a minute or so of this, the tentacle positioned itself at her entrance.
"Ahh! No, no please! You can't! I'm- I'm-!"
"What, Chastity? Avirgin?"
"Y-y-yes, yes, I'm a virgin...Please...don't...," Chastity sobbed, writhing in the grip of the tentacles.
"Don't worry, I'm not going to pop your cherry...Not until after I've had some fun."
More tentacles slid up Chastity's body, under her blouse. They pulled out, and buttons rained down on the floor. The tendrils moved up to cup her breasts through her bra, squeezing and massaging them. Chastity was rather well-endowed, which had always been a problem for her. No matter how much she strove for modesty, it seemed that sweaters, shirts, and dresses all clung in a vaguely suggestive way to the curve of her chest.
"Tsk, tsk, let's get rid of this unflattering thing, shall we?"
Chastity felt human hands sliding up her back, surprisingly delicate, and then the snap of bra hooks coming loose. Catherine slipped the straps off of Chastity's shoulders, and the bra slid down to fully expose her. Chastity cried out, embarrassed, but there was nothing she could do. Her breasts were round and firm, capped with large tan areolas and proudly protruding nipples. Tentacles curled up over them, flicking the stiff points, and Chastity moaned. It felt so good! She had brushed her nipples once by accident. The edge of her gospel had caught them through her dress in church, and the sensation had been so pleasant, sowrong. Why, when she told the priest at confession about it, he had been breathless with anger. Father Cornelius had demanding she explainexactlyhow she had felt doing it, and asking if she understood the depth of her depravity. Chastity had gone home thoroughly abashed and determined to never do such a thing again. And now here she was, moaning as ademoncaressed her body and made her feel these dirty things.
"Mmm, I love a luscious body like yours. All you religious types don't know how to appreciate the human form, always hiding it, never exploring the delights it can offer. Just look at Mary. She doesn't even need to be touched to feel pleasure, she just likes to watch. Why don't we put on a show for her, Chastity?"
"Nnnoo! D-don't...! Ahh!"
Catherine had wound her tentacles around Chastity's nipples and pulled them out, hard. After a moment she released them, and Chastity's pendulous breasts bounced back, swinging. Catherine repeated the motion over and over, her tentacle grinding into Chastity's pussy the whole time. Slowly, the pleading devolved into mere moans, echoed by Mary. That, in turn, made Chastity's clit twitch and throb madly. Her body, always kept hidden under layers of frumpy clothes, was being exposed and used so brazenly. There was a softplip plip plipas Chastity's pussy juices dripped down her slit to splatter against the rough wooden floor.
"Ooh, my lady doth protest too much, methinks. Youlikebeing played with. Chastitywantsto be a cute little toy for you, Mary. Isn't that nice of her? To want her pussy and tits to get played with for your pleasure?"
"Ahh! Nngh, stop...stop teasing m-my...my..."
"Say it, Chastity. Say it, or I'll spear this wet little fuckhole right now. Unless youwantto get fucked?"
Squirming, Chastity stammered. She didn't want to lose her virginity like this!
"S-stop...teasing my...my..."
The tentacle poised at her entrance pressed forward slightly, slipping half an inch into her tight snatch, and Chastity thrashed.
"No! No...! Stop t-teasing...my...my pussy...Stop teasing it...please!"
The invading appendage retreated, and Catherine squeezed Chastity's breasts with the tentacles looped around them. It hurt, but Chastity could feel her wet cunt clench and tighten in response anyway. She found herself wishing Catherine would squeeze harder, and recoiled from the thought.
"There's a good girl. That wasn't so hard, was it? But I'm afraid I can't grant your request...This perverted little body of yours desperately needs to be punished. Just look at yourself. You're sopping wet, moaning like a brothel slattern, and your clit is aching to be played with."
As if to prove her point, Catherine circled Chastity's stiff little nub with a slimy tendril, and the schoolgirl bucked. The demon didn't let up, swirling around and around the sensitive organ. Chastity was moaning low and needy, utterly dismayed at her lack of self-control. The tentacle at her entrance slid up and down her slit, coating itself in creamy pussy fluids, and then rose up to Chastity's face. Without even thinking, she opened her mouth and accepted it. It was strong and flexible, tangling with her tongue as though kissing her, and Chastity could taste herself on it. It was so filthy, so perverse. She moaned into the strange kiss, suckling on the tentacle to make sure she cleaned off every drop.
"Good girl, Chastity, good girl...lick up your pussy juice...You're gonna make a wonderful little slut when I train you up."
The tendril pulled out of Chastity's mouth with a lewdpop!and she whimpered in dismay, her tongue stretched out and questing for more. Rational thought screamed at her to stop, to have some dignity, but the aching need in her loins was far more powerful.
"Now...Be a good girl, and beg to be fucked."
Chastity shook her head, incapable of crossing that line, but a throaty moan escaped her lips when the tentacle dipped down between her parted legs and flicked her engorged clitoris. She could feel something building, some kind of terrible, demanding pressure. But just when this strange wave was about to break, the tentacle retreated. Chastity whined with disappointment. As the feeling faded, Catherine began again, teasing and tormenting. The tentacles around Chastity's breasts tightened and massaged them rhythmically, twisting and pulling the puffy nipples remorselessly. Chastity felt a human arm creeping around her waist, and a pair of fingers circling her spasming and dripping entrance. Catherine didn't penetrate her, instead only teasing the tight little hole and collecting thick pussy juice. She would bring the slick fingers up to Chastity's mouth and let her eagerly suck and clean them, only to return for more.
"Nnngh, please...my...my pussy...I need..."
"You want to come, don't you Chastity? I won't let you until you beg to be fucked. Say 'I want you to fuck my tight little pussy'. Tell me how much you want your virgin cunt filled.Tell me."
Chastity thrashed, making a high keening sound in her throat, but when Catherine offered her another helping of her own juices, she obediently took it in her mouth. After that pressure built and was denied yet again, Chastity broke down into gasping sobs.
"Please! P-please...f-f-fuck m-my tight l-little pussy..."
Immediately, a tentacle dove into her virgin fuckhole. Chastity arched her back, crying out with delight. She had never felt so full, so...good. The tentacle slid in and out, pounding her cunt with such ferocity that flecks of frothy fluid splattered her thighs. The tentacles on Chastity's massive breasts tightened and pulled, vigorously abusing them. When she felt a pair of fingers pinch and roll her clit, the pressure broke.
"Watch Mary, Chastity."
As waves of incredible pleasure rolled through her, the whimpering schoolgirl managed to open her eyes. Mary was bucking on the table, thrusting into the air with needy little gasps. Thick globs of semen splattered her stomach, pooling in the hollow of her belly. Chastity moaned, her pussy clamping down on the tentacle inside her. Mary's cock had emptied itself, and it ceased its jerking and laid flat in the puddle of sticky cum, still dribbling jizz. Chastity gasped for breath, shuddering with the vestiges of her orgasm. Before she could really wrap her mind around what had happened, Catherine moved Chastity until she was poised over Mary. The tentacles had not removed themselves from her pussy or around her tits, and instead continued their motions at a more languid pace.
"Nnh...please...I can't take any more..."
"Now, now, Chastity. It's not up to you to decide that. Mary's been very good this whole time, don't you think? She didn't get a single moment of attention. Her poor cock, and those little nipples I love so very much...She deserved a reward. Clean her up, Chastity. Slurp up all that cum she made just for you. It's only fair - it'syourfault Mary made such a mess. Moaning and begging to get fucked like that, no wonder poor Mary couldn't contain herself. Now go on. Lick up every drop. Make sure to clean her cock thoroughly."
"I- I-..."
The tentacle in Chastity's pussy thrust in hard and deep, and her head lolled weakly. Slowly, she leaned her head forward and extended a wet little tongue. She had never tasted cum before. Mary's had a pleasantly musky smell, and Chastity found herself lapping it up with more and more enthusiasm. Her tongue roamed over Mary's smooth tummy, then slid up over her cock. Chastity pushed the still-hard member left and right, struggling to lick up the jizz underneath it. Mary moaned and whimpered, pulling at the ropes splaying her out. After a few minutes, Chastity took the cock in her mouth entirely.
"That's right, good girl. Suck it clean, like a lollipop."
Chastity did just that, struggling to take the thick member in its entirety. After a few minutes of that, she let it pop free so that she could lave it base to tip with her tongue. Mary was mewling and gasping more and more, and her hips bucked up when Chastity took her cock between her lips once more. Suddenly, a jet of hot cum hit her tongue. Chastity's eyes widened in shock, and when she went to pull away in surprise she found a tentacle on the back of her head keeping her still.
"Good girl, Chastity. Milk Mary's cock, suck on it. Suck down all her sticky cream."
Obediently, the freshly deflowered schoolgirl suckled on the tip of Mary's twitching dick, stroking the underside with her tongue. There was less semen than the first time, and Chastity eagerly drank it all down. When Mary was finished, Chastity let the member fall from her mouth. Catherine pulled her away, and suddenly Chastity found herself on the floor, with her back pressed against the demon. Catherine had wrapped her arms around Chastity's waist and was resting her head on her shoulder. She seemed very pleased, and her writhing tentacles loosened their hold on the violated Chastity. However, she didn't close her legs or make any motion to pull her clothes on. Instead, she let the tentacles continue to gently fuck her pussy and massage her nipples.
"What an obedient little slut you are, Chastity. A natural. I can hardly believe that was your first time tasting cum. You licked it all up like a practiced whore. Such a good girl...you'll be perfect for my collection."