Thank you to Oldbroad76 for editing this story.

Live Stream 9

"I know, just wait a bit longer." Sophie said off screen.
She returned and sat in front of the camera again and smiled.
"So there it was, my name was out there. Sure, it wasn't too obvious, but it was the first time I had ever seen anyone call me Sophie instead of my online personality. To be honest, it turned me on more than I could've ever expected." She said.
"It was this Beth, no, it was me. And it didn't end there." She finished.

Showing Sophie - Just A Dumb Slut

Sophie was lying on her bed, sliding her pink dildo in and out of her pussy as she read more and more comments on her video with Jane.
Oh god, they know my real name,She thought as she fucked herself,they know who I am! Yes! I want it! I want them all to know me! Know the real me!
Her pussy was drenched wet, and the dildo was easily pushing in and out of her.
I need more!
Going onto her saved videos, Sophie found an old one that she never planned on using.
Fuck it!
She hit upload, and it appeared on her RealSluts site.
Sophie clicked on it and watched as she slowly fucked herself.
The video was the one of Harry fucking her, except this time she didn't cut out any shots of her face.
She had shortened it to 15 minutes, but a lot of that had Sophie's face, clear as day, moaning as she took his big cock.
Her big tits bounced up and down as she lay on her back, legs spread, and getting fucked.
I can't believe how loud I'm moaning!
"Cum over my face!" She heard herself say in the video.
That's it, you fucking slut! Fuuuck! Look at me! Let everyone know what a cum whore I am!
Harry's cock pulled out of her pussy in the video, and it showed him moving up her small body until he was stroking his shaft.
Sophie's face was fully in the shot as his cock was getting wanked in front of her. Sophie was moaning in the background until Harry let out a loud groan.
"Yes, cover me in cum!" Sophie moaned out loud as she watched the first strike of cum hit her face.
She fucked herself with the dildo as she watched her own face getting completely glazed in Harry's thick, delicious cum.
"FUUUCCKK MEEEEE!!" Sophie screamed as she came around her dildo.
The views of this new video were already going up, which just made her orgasm feel even fucking better!

--

It was a few hours later when a message came through from RealSluts
JaneBby:Oh my god, I've just seen the comments! I'm so sorry! I didn't even realise I said your real name! I'll take it down now!
Sophie panicked and typed back as quickly as possible.
Beth18:No! Don't take it down!
She waited anxiously for a reply.
JaneBby:You want me to keep it up? Even though they can all hear that your name is Sophie?
Beth18:It's only my first name, no big deal. Don't worry about it x
Sophie kept reading the degrading comments on her videos. Some men were calling her by her real name, and seeing "Sophie" on there made her pussy leak.
In her excitement, she called Jacob.
"Hey slut, I like the new video." He said while he was chewing on something.
"I want you to do something for me." Sophie replied bluntly.
"Oh yeah, what's that?" He asked.
"I want you to humiliate me." She told him, saying the words she had been thinking in her head for hours.
"You what?" He asked, a little chuckle coming from his voice.
Sophie took a deep breath, her pussy wet just from thinking about it.
"I want you to humiliate me," She told him again. "More anyway. I want to be degraded and made to do disgusting things. I think I'm realising how much I love it."
"You said there would have to be limits." He replied, his voice lingering with pure lust.
"I changed my mind," Sophie whispered. "I need you to push me. Even when I say no. Even if I kick and scream, I want you to make me feel like a worthless piece of shit."
"Get over here, now." He replied and hung up the phone.
Sophie didn't mess around.
She put on a short skirt, a tight white t-shirt, no underwear obviously, and got on a bus to his house.

--

"So, you want to be humiliated?" Jacob asked.
Sophie was sitting in the middle of his sofa, looking up as he stood in front of her.
She nodded, nervously.
I need this, I don't care what he makes me do, I will do it.
"I'm going to film everything, and you are going to be the one to post it on your site," He told her. "It won't be some other person, so you will willingly be accepting the ridicule you get for your actions."
Sophie hesitated for a second, wondering if this was all too much, but her pussy did the talking for her, and she shook her head.
"Good," Jacob replied, then grabbed his phone, "take off all your clothes."
It was pretty easy considering the lack of clothes she was wearing, and in a matter of minutes, she was sitting back down, completely naked.
Jacob pulled out a black, felt pen.
"Close your eyes and don't move." He told her.
The first thing Sophie felt was the pen on her forehead.
I wonder if he's writing slut again?
She couldn't figure out what it was just from the touch, but he covered her entire forehead.
Then, he wrote something on her right cheek and then on her left. After that he started to write over her body.
Sophie kept her eyes closed the entire time as he wrote on both her tits, across her chest, along her stomach and on her arms.
"There. Done," Jacob said, "Open your eyes."
The first thing Sophie saw was "CUNT" and "WHORE" written on her tits. After that she saw the picture of a very big, ejaculating cock between her tits. Her stomach had "SLUT" written along it and her arms had "CUM WHORE" and "PIECE OF SHIT" written on them.
The last one, the one that made Sophie's heart almost beat out of her was along her chest, in very large, bold writing... "SOPHIE."
Her own name, just her first name, but still, it was not what she expected.
I don't even know what he's written on my face.
But as she read them, her pussy leaked between her legs.
Finally looking up, she saw Jacob smiling with a phone in his hand.
"Now, talk to the camera, tell them your name and what you are." He instructed.
Sophie was unsure on what to say, but Jacob nodded with an angry look.
"Hi," Sophie whispered nervously as she looked at the phone, "My name is Sophie... I'm a slut. I... I like to be watched, I like people seeing me being a slut. I love dick."
"No!" Jacob shouted and pulled his phone away, "useless."
"I... I'm sorry." Sophie whispered.
What does he want me to say?
But as she thought about it, suddenly her throat was gripped by his hand, and her head was held back against the sofa.
"You're a pathetic, dirty, worthless, whore," He growled at her. "That's all you are."
His legs were in between Sophie's, and she instinctively spread hers a little wider, and that was when Jacob plunged two fingers deep into her soaked pussy.
"Ooooh god." She moaned.
"Say it!" He growled as he fingered her.
"I'm a whore," Sophie moaned. "I'm worthless, I'm pathetic, and I love to be humiliated and let everyone see me!"
Jacob fingered her faster and faster, and Sophie's pussy clenched around him.
When suddenly he pulled back, and Sophie whined in disappointment. That was until she saw him reaching for his belt.
In a matter of seconds, Jacob's big, thick, beautiful cock was out and staring at the young Sophie.
He walked forward, her mouth watering as he got closer until his head was only an inch away.
"Open your mouth." He told her.
Sophie didn't take her eyes off his cock as she licked her thick lips and opened them wide.
Ever so slowly, Jacob moved his cock forward. Inch after inch filled her mouth, the heat radiating off him until Sophie wrapped her lips around his cock.
"Mmm." She moaned.
God, I love sucking dick!
His delicious precum ran onto her tongue as he thrust himself forward and backwards. Sophie just stayed perfectly still, revelling in the feeling of a beautiful dick in her mouth, her wet tongue occasionally massaging his head.
"I bet everyone would love to know what a slut you really are." Jacob moaned.
This made Sophie open her eyes and look up at him. He was smiling down as his cock kept moving in and out.
"Hmm?" She moaned around his cock.
"No one on the rugby team even knows who you are," he told her. "They would think differently if they found out that you're just a dumb whore."
Oh fuck! He wouldn't tell them, would he?
His hurtful words of being practically invisible to the popular people just made Sophie more turned on.
"Given how hot you are," Jacob continued, "I know they'd take turns fucking you. Who knows, maybe they will find your page?"
"Hmhmm!" Sophie moaned and tried to shake her head.
"Well, you best keep doing as you're told," Jacob said. "Unless you want everyone finding out the real you."
Oh fuck! This IS what I asked for! I wanted him to blackmail me!
Sophie's wet pussy leaked more between her legs as Jacob started to fuck her face a little faster.
"Glg!" Sophie gagged when his thick head hit her throat.
"Take it, you fucking cunt!" Jacob roared.
He gripped her hair and kept shoving his big cock in and out of her mouth.
It didn't take long for Sophie to feel her spit drooling down onto her chin.
"Gllg! Ggllg! Gllg! Gllg!" She gagged over and over as his cock kept disappearing down her throat.
Yes! Fuck this whore's throat! I must be a fucking whore to fit this cock inside me!
He pulled out, and Sophie gasped for air as she felt a string of spit going from her thick lips to his glistening cock.
She couldn't hold herself back. Jacob didn't even have time to move as she lunged forward and shoved his cock back down her throat.
Sophie made herself gag as she forced herself to take his cock deeper and deeper.
"GLLLGG!" She groaned as her throat wrapped around his dick.
"Fucking slut!" He shouted and pushed her back onto the sofa.
Sophie was panting as she looked up at him. Her hair felt frazzled and a mess, and massive amounts of spit were all over her face and dripping down onto her big tits.
"You'd fucking love everyone to gang bang you, wouldn't you, slut?" He asked with a confident smile.
"Yes!" Sophie moaned and shoved two fingers into her own pussy in front of Jacob. "Show them who I really am! Expose me! Reveal the whore I am to everyone!"
As Sophie fingered herself in front of the most popular guy at Uni, her own shame just encouraged her, and Jacob reached for his phone.
He clearly was recording as he aimed his cock back towards her mouth.
Sophie happily opened wide and accepted it in, but Jacob grabbed onto her hair and fucked her face.
"Keep looking at me." Jacob whispered.
Sophie's eyes were wide open as she looked up while Jacob's cock was sliding in and out of her throat.
"Gllg... glllg... glllg.. GLLLGG!" She gagged over and over but never once stopped looking up.
Her eyes started to water down her face, but she kept it up, all with two fingers in her pussy.
Then Jacob shoved his cock completely down her throat, and all Sophie could do was let out constant, long, hard gags around his dick.
"You like that, you dumb bitch?" Jacob asked.
With his cock down her throat, the palm of his hand slapped against her spit covered cheek. Over and over, he kept slapping her, not too hard, but enough to make her wince.
Finally, he pulled back, and a load of spit fell out of her mouth and onto her already wet tits.
Jacob moved back, aiming the phone directly at her.
"Now, who are you?" He asked.
Sophie sat there, legs spread, fingers in her pussy, and covered in spit as she breathed heavily and looked at him.
"My name is Sophie," She panted. "I'm a fucking whore! I'm a worthless piece of shit that should only be used to make you cum! I want you to spread me around! Let everyone see what a dumb slut I am! Expose me everywhere! Make everyone know that Sophie is a dumb, cock taking, cunt licking, humiliated whore!"
She fingered herself faster and faster, spreading her legs wider.
"I love to be watched!" She moaned. "I love knowing you're all seeing me do disgusting things! I want everyone to see me! Oh fuck, it feels so good to be such a stupid whore!"
Jacob leant forward and slapped her again.
"Yes! Slap me! Humiliate me! Degrade me!" Sophie moaned. "That's what I want! I don't want anything else! I don't care about anything else! I just want to be a slut for everyone to see!"
Sophie couldn't believe just how turned on she was knowing that she was being recorded in the most revealing way possible, and all she hoped for at that moment was that everyone would see her.
"I'm gonna cum!" She moaned. "My name's Sophie, not Beth. My real name is Sophie! And I'm gonna cum because I'm a dumb slut that wants you all to expose me! Humiliate me in every way possible! I fucking love it!"
"Keep going whore." Jacob ordered.
Sophie then pushed a third finger into her soaked pussy and moaned even louder.
"Yes! Fuck me! My cunt and mouth are yours! OOH FUUCK I LOVE IT! I'M A WHORE! A CUNT! A CUM BUCKET! III'M FUUCKINNG CUUMMMINNGGG!!!!!" Sophie screamed.
Then, for only the second time in her life, Sophie squirted.
"HOOOLLYY FUUUCCCKK I'M SQUIRTING LIKE A STUPID WHORE!!" She screamed.
She fingered herself and squirted more before fingering herself again. Her moans just became grunts and cries of pleasure as her thick, hot body shook uncontrollably.
"Holy fuck... holy fuck... jesus christ." Sophie panted as her orgasm slowly died down.
Her vision was blurry at first, but when it died down, she saw that Jacob was no longer holding his phone.
"Fuck me." She whispered.
Jacob grabbed her legs, lifted them into the air, and plunged his entire cock, balls deep into her needy cunt.
"YYYESS! FUCK ME! FUCK THIS WORTHLESS WHORE!" Sophie moaned.
"You want to be a whore, don't you?" Jacob grunted as his giant cock fucked her into new waves of pleasure.
"YES! I WANT EVERYONE TO KNOW WHAT A WHORE I AM! ANY COCK CAN FUCK ME! HAVE THE ENTIRE FUCKING UNI FUCK ME!" Sophie screamed, and in that moment, she meant every word.
Jacob kept fucking her senseless like that for nearly an hour until he covered her face in his thick, creamy cum. Filming it, obviously.
As Sophie lay there panting and exhausted, she could feel his cum dripping off her, some of it going into her mouth.
"That was so hot." Jacob panted out.
He was on the other armchair, covered in sweat and catching his breath.
"I think you broke me." Sophie laughed out.
"That was one hot video." He told her.
Oh my god, the things I said... I can't believe I did that!
Jacob must have sensed her worry.
"Not chickening out on me, are you?" He asked.
"It's just... a lot to put on, where everyone can see it." Sophie whispered, feeling herself go back into her shell.
Jacob looked at her, still catching his breath. Sophie couldn't help but stare at his amazing body,I still can't believe he finds me attractive.
"You told me that you wanted me to push you." He said.
Sophie looked at him and thought for a moment.
"I do." She whispered.
"Then post it," he said firmly, "now."
He threw his phone over to Sophie.
I'm not even going to watch it. I can't. If I see myself and what I said, maybe I'll back out.
She logged onto her RealSluts account on Jacob's phone, and as quickly as possible, she posted the video.
Her hands were shaking, and she was wracked with nerves as she watched it go public.
I did it... oh my god I actually did it.
Sophie was filled with a strange sense of nerves and excitement as she handed the phone back to Jacob.
"Good girl." He whispered.
They sat there in silence for a few minutes as they both caught their breaths.
"Oh, I have a present for you before you go." Jacob said and stood up.
"A present? For me?" Sophie asked.
"Well, it shouldn't be too much of a surprise." He laughed and left the room only to return a moment later.
In his hands, Sophie could see a silver, shining butt plug. Her mouth hung open and she gasped when she saw it.
"Not long until you're a three hole slut." He said with a smile.
Sophie couldn't fathom having his big cock in her ass. However, it did feel amazing when Jane played with her asshole, so the idea of the plug actually excited her a little.
"Bend over and spread your cheeks." He instructed.
No romance, no build up, but Sophie didn't want that. She didn't want Jacob to act like her boyfriend. She wanted him to use her.
So, Sophie bent over the sofa and felt Jacob's hands on her ass.
It was tight at first, and Sophie had to bite her lip until... she felt it push inside of her.
"Fuuccking hell!" She grunted as the rim of her ass wrapped around this thick plug.
"Enjoy." He laughed and spanked her.

--

Sophie had just gotten onto the bus to go home, and the driver and other passengers gave her very funny looks as she walked on.
I have just been fucked senseless, they can probably tell.
Then Sophie sat down and looked out the window when her eyes nearly popped out of her head.
FUCK! THE WRITING!!!
Sophie could see her reflection in the window and only just remembered that Jacob had written on her face.
There it was, as clear as possible.
All across her forehead in thick, black letters read "DUMB."
Her right cheek had "CUM" on it and her left cheek had "SLUT" on it.
Oh my fucking god! I actually came out in public like this!!
Sophie tried to lower her head, knowing that she wasn't going to be able to wash it off until she got home.
Occasionally looking up, she saw a few people glancing back at her, obviously reading what was written on her face.
They all know what a dumb whore I am. Oh my god, and I look a mess! I'm such a slut!Then between Sophie's legs started to react.This is so embarrassing, I'm so stupid... they all know it. They can see that I've just been fucked, that I'm just a whore.
Suddenly, Sophie looked up and stared at one man dead in the eyes.
"I just got fucked because I'm a dumb slut." She bluntly shouted out.
Everyone on the bus turned and looked at her in shock.
Fuuuck yes!
Sophie's cheeks burnt red with embarrassment, but her pussy loved it.
"I got fucked, I sucked his dick, and he came over my face! And I have a butt plug in my fat ass right now!" She told everyone. "If you want to watch it, there's a video on RealSluts. Search for Beth18."
Her entire body felt like it was tingling as she finished speaking.
Looks of disapproval and heads shaking made her more excited.
I hope they all search me, I hope they all cum because of me.

--

It wasn't until Sophie was home in her bed when she decided to watch the video.
She looked at herself staring into the camera as she took Jacob's cock down her throat, and then listened to her words as she fingered herself and told everyone her real name fully on camera. Telling everyone her real name.
Comments started to come flooding in.
"Sophie! What a stupid fucking slut!"
"You heard her, lets expose this fucking bitch!"
"Damn right, she's gonna get what she's asked for."
"What an absolute mess. If my daughter turned out like her, I'd disown her."
Each comment turned Sophie on more, and in less than an hour, she had made herself cum three more times.
Fuck it, they all know my real name.
Sophie edited her profile. She deleted the account name from being "Beth18" and changed it to "Sophie18" and then wrote a post.
Sophie18:So, I have revealed my real name. I'm not Beth, I'm Sophie. I am 18, and I am a slut! Enjoy my videos. Show them to whoever you want! I want the whole world to see what a stupid whore I am. But make sure you cum. I want you all to cum because of me.

--

Sophie woke up late the next morning. Cara was retuning, and she wanted to clean the house before she got back. That was when she got a message from Jane online.
JaneBby:Hey slut! I love your video! Check you going for it! There's a live video thing by the way. If you record it your videos go directly onto the website, you don't need to post it. And anyone can watch it live as well. Just something to keep in mind.
Hmmm, that could be interesting.