This is best read -- in fact may only make sense -- when read after Dutch Movie Parts 1 & 2. It was written with urgency after a trip to Budapest.
***
The soft, westering light of early afternoon had coated the Beaux Arts buildings opposite with a golden hue. The pale sun flooded through the corner windows, glinting off the chrome frames of the anonymously modernist furniture decorating the top-floor office suite he had rented.
Next to him was a blonde tightly, even defensively, belted into a sharp white-stitched bathrobe. The robe snugly draped her middlingly-tall, athletic frame: a body that could have belonged to a woman in her twenties. She was a classic Nordic type: sportswoman thin, long legs, blonde hair, high cheekbones, piercing and lovely grey eyes. The perfect swell of high. round c-cups was surmounted by a hint of erect nipple straining against the taut white fabric. Her body had a swimmer's grace, and a natural resting poise. The face was beautifully angular, prominent cheekbones setting off a determined and intent look. When she relaxed her gaze, she looked like a woman in her early thirties.
As the cameramen and the actors milled by the reception area some twenty feet away, they had been talking to their Hungarian impresario with the amusing fake name Rod Steely and his assistant Anna, who was all legs and high cheekbones and dyed-blonde hair.
"Listen Mr Smith, listen pal. We are friendly, ok? .... Well your scenario -- hey, may I speak plainly?"
He received a nod of acknowledgement.
"Look, you are a nice couple. A careful one. You pay cash." As he spoke he grabbed a bottle from the coffee table and poured three large glasses of plum brandy, handing one to each. He continued, smiling and voluble.
"You get independent reports on actors who won't even fuck in your scenario. You hire your own place to film, not mine. I don't know where you stay. You bring the cameras. This is good money you spend. This is obviously something the two of you like -- maybe it sets up hot sex for years to come. You are not coming back from the States to do this big trip soon. This scenario "professional woman teasingly undresses in an office and parades around", I mean man this is bullshit. Do this properly man. I got you some good actors, not bums. Make it worth your investment."
"What do you mean Rod. You can speak plainly -- not that you aren't already. You know we wanted something borderline but not totally over the line."
The glasses were empty. Rod refilled the glasses and then shook his head. "Look Mr Smith, let's make it like she is the boss. We give her Anna's suit maybe -- she is serious business lady behind a desk."
And then Rod Steely had set out a substantially more pornographic scenario. When he was done they were standing before him, slack-jawed, their glasses empty.
"Maybe we get Anna in the movie? -- and Madam if your man is really horny is it OK if Anna gives him some relief with a blowjob"
The blonde-in-bathrobe, "Mrs Smith", the Blonde Budding Actress, in other words his wife, was silent. 'Mr Smith' husband spoke. "Maybe we aren't quite ready for this after all. I am happy to pay all that is due but the reality is a bit more shocking than expected." Mrs Smith remained silent.
"You got to be kidding me" said a clearly upset Rod Steely. "You do not mean that, Mr Smith. What does Madam think? madam, tell me." and he looked at her.
"Well, Mr Rod Steely does have a point, darling. I have already just paraded around naked for five men and one woman I did not know before this afternoon. You've gone to all this trouble. But I see your point. You decide."
The normal pattern would have been for a certain period of questioning and second thoughts, of each one searching for the other's "true" intentions in order to be more accommodating. At times it was maddening enough for them as a couple, and it was hard to imagine how a freewheeling personality such as their new porn impresario friend would take it. But not today.
He spoke in a voice that surprised himself with its directness and decisiveness. As he spoke he felt blood coursing and the brandy firing, his desires and curiosity would be accommodated. "Fine then. We will use that scenario, Steely... but just one camera. Mrs Smith, are you I agreement? Are you ready?"
Blonde Budding Actress Smith at first seemed surprised, but then she nodded and, in agreeing, seemed to become surprisingly enthusiastic.
She looked at him searchingly. He told her "you have a scenario, but you stop whenever you feel it is crossing a line. We'll use just one camera to make it all more manageable: one long shot." She nodded again, holding her glass out for a refill, which a grinning Steely provided.
She mouthed the word "OK".
He and Rod and the cast discussed the scenario some more. "Go and put your costume on, Mrs Smith, star of the silver screen." he told her, and on cue Anna arrived to lead her away.
Steely looked at him and said "you'll love it, this is great. OK I stay and help direct the camera guy. This will be great!" and he flung an arm around him in an excited way. "OK pal, here's what you do. Kristof -- the blonde guy -- you motion to him, he will look for you to direct and he'll tell Balzas If you need me to tell them something precise in Hungarian, I do that for you. OK?"
The camera was set up facing the desk at the western window, from where it could easily slide over to the black modernist sofas and coffee table in the corner. Lights were set up to cancel shadows on the nearer side of the furniture. The second cameraman readied a sound boom.
"Mrs Smith" returned wearing a black suit with incongruous gold buttons, severe and Central European in style. It was not the best suited style for her, but it was tight at the waist, had a plunging neckline, and co-ordinated with the mid-thigh skirt and sheer stockings. Her hair was worn in a low Edwardian bun, a mass of dense gold with some red flecks as the sun caught it.
Anna was now dressed in a white shirt, largely unbuttoned to make it clear that she was not sporting a bra, and Balzas and Kristof were wearing shirts and trousers, looking a little fidgety.
He saw his wife take another gulp of brandy, and then sit at the desk. Steely looked at him. He opened his mouth. Oh well.... "take your places and ACTION".
Blonde Actress was shuffling papers on her desk. Balzas walked into frame followed shortly by Kristof. Kristof's hair if anything looked almost white in the sunlight, and he stood looking fit and proud. Balzas, darker, more muscled, more moody-looking, stood sheepish and head down. They were before her desk. She began to berate them. "You screwed the shipment up. How could you do this?" She continued, perhaps getting a little too into the non-essential and finger-wagging part of the character in this unlikely scenario. Kristof glanced at him and he nodded back.
In guttural, but actually rather good English, he responded. "That's enough boss lady. You got no right to talk to us that way."
She stood and, clearly enjoying it, wagged another finger at Kristof. "Listen, you useless mass of muscle. You screwed things up, the customer is furious. You're not going to say 'enough' to me, you're going to be fired!"
Kristof glanced over again to receive another nod from 'Mr Smith'.
Blonde Actress Smith walked to the side of the desk (the camera rolled leftwards to keep a head to toe shot in view) as Kristof said something in Hungarian. Fluidly Blazas stepped forward and around her, pinioning her arms as he did.
"What the hell are you doing!" she screamed. He motioned a hand to indicate she ought to keep her voice down, but Kristof had stepped forward to kiss her. When he broke it off she started another noise, but he used a kiss to silence her a second time.
He waved to Anna, who then stepped into the frame.
"Mrs! Mrs! What is going on?" Anna was trying to act the surprised executive assistant. His wife was doing a better job acting, for her bosom was heaving under the tight jacket and she squirmed in Balzas' grasp. Her eyes were blazing intensely.
Should he stop it here? The thought of the movie she had made with the famous New York artist came to him, but was swiftly pushed out by the recollection of a previous time she'd slept with another man. That he had not seen: it had occurred at a point when the gravitational pull of their relationship was under strain, and she had spun off before coming back into orbit. It had been a younger man. In a way it rankled, and in a way he enjoyed the dynamic of now being the director.
Balzas turned to Anna and said "Mrs Boss Lady thinks I fuck up. I think she is pissed at the world and needs a good fucking."
'Mrs Smith" said nothing, but fire blazed from her eyes.
Kristof looked at the 'executive assistant' again and asked her. "She ever pissed you off? She ever treat you this way? You wanna see Boss Lady naked?"
'Executive assistant' nodded and Kristof stepped forward to kiss 'Mrs Smith' even as his hands moved to unbutton her suit coat. His hands reached inside to cup a lacy navy blue bra. The camera edged forward to capture this before retreating to grant the actors more space. As Kristof parted the coat, Balzas released his grip. She was now bare-topped except for the bra, seemingly unaware Kristof was undoing her skirt zip and beginning to tug it down. She tried to catch it as it fell, but Balzas' tug was stronger and it puddled at her feet. The panties were also blue, lacy, showing a hint of creamy flesh beneath, and just this side of a g-string. Her stockings were black thigh-highs, and the dark fabrics of nylon and silk contrasted sharply with the creamy whiteness of her skin.
Kristof stepped forward and stroked her cheek. "You look fine, boss lady. Maybe you let your assistant warm you up, you say thank you to her, then you get some men to show you real love."
He regretted not having coached them better on dialogue...
Blonde Budding Actress stepped clear of Balzas and said "let me".
In front of the desk and the large, almost floor to ceiling windows, she lightly kicked off her black suede pumps and, turning sideways, perched a stocking-clad leg on the chair facing the desk. Slowly she rolled down the stocking, looking as she did at Kristof and Balzas (who both now sported bulges in their pants). She gently draped the stocking on her desk. She repeated the exercise, slowly, deliberately, with the other leg, placing the second stocking on the first. (Excited, he was distracted to look across the street. Was that a head visible in the window across?)
Standing facing the camera, Mrs Smith gazed fiercely at the men and her assistant and then, as the boss-lady fired by an improbable yet uncontrolled passion, teased the bra straps off her shoulders. She stood legs a couple of feet apart. It accentuated the lean toned-ness of her legs, and looked more than a little wanton. She reached behind to unhook the bra, which hen feel free to the floor. Her C-cups swayed: high, round and swelling. They were centered by pink nipples, tight and quite erect.
She hooked thumbs on the thin strip of fabric tracing either hip and began to tug them down, bending forward as she did. With her hair in the loose bun it was easy to follow her pink-tipped orbs as flowed forwards lushly and invitingly. There was a hint of waxed pussy; this was revealed in full as the panties slipped to the floor and she stood. It was a tightly defined pussy, a neat slit between two perfect proportioned cunt lips set in creamy flesh bare of all hair.
The sunlight caressed her body, endowing it with a warm and golden tone, almost as though heat was being generated from within.
He'd suggested a cliché in their original discussion, and she did exactly that now. Loosening the bun, her flaxen mane spilled onto bare shoulders. She motioned 'executive assistant Anna' forward, hooking her right index finger into the open neck of the shirt as she approached. Extracting her right hand she used it to motion to Kristof even as she began to unbutton Anna's blouse with her left hand. Kristof approached to have a hand, fingers outstretched and short nails painted vivid red, linger on his cheek before slowly tracing down his chest and stomach before lingeringly outlining the bulge of his groin. She mouthed "your turn soon" before motioning him back. Balzas was already rubbing his even more prominent bulge.
He glanced over at Rod Steely, who seemed to be savoring the actions of this amateur actress in a way that was startling (given the amount of porn he must have seen made). Anna's shirt was now slipping off, unexpectedly large breasts (larger than his wife's) topped by dark nipples. Anna tugged a skirt off to reveal slim hips and a fully nude ass. She pirouetted for the camera before advancing to kiss the 'Boss Lady' on the mouth. The kiss lingered, and clearly a mild amount of tongue was shared.
The two women parted to stand side by side. Anna was shorter, softer, less athletic. Larger breasted but slightly slimmer hipped, she was softer: thin by diet not exercise. Her skin tone had more olive in it. The lips of her shaven pussy were also more pronounced, more open. They stood there before the gaze of the men and of the camera; they allowed the latter to rove, coming in for close-ups before retreating to capture the four players.
Blonde Actress retreated, still facing the camera, to perch her ass on the edge of 'her' desk. She parted her legs, pussy lips parting slightly to reveal pink inner lips. She leaned slightly back on her arms giving the camera and unobstructed and open view. Anna advanced and knelt before her. The camera closed in to watch 'the assistant' sit on her haunches before leaning forward, tucking her hair behind her ears, and placing her hands on his wife's inner thighs. The camera advanced further to capture Anna trace his wife's left pussy lip, then her right with her tongue-tip. Then Anna was going down on his wife, who was visibly excited by it. She grabbed Anna by the back of the head to increase the intensity of contact against her pussy: bad for the cameraman but evidently good for enjoyment.
And then Anna stood and the women swapped places. Blonde Actress, his wife, was now on her knees on the plush carpet, she was leaning forward. Her back was graceful and the act of leaning parted her ass crack enough to offer a hinted view. She had not tucked her hair back, so he motioned to Kristof, who advanced to do it for her.
In his director's spot remained standing, watching eagerly as the camera advanced to capture the first tentative laps of 'Mrs Smith' against the darker blonde's waxed pussy. His wife's hands were alternately gripping and caressing Anna's bare inner thighs. Anna leaned back on the table, her pussy spread wide. His wife was now flicking Anna's clit with her tongue; a moment later she began to finger the Hungarian girl, corkscrewing her middle digit past the second knuckle. In a minute Anna began to buck and 'Mrs Smith' returned her hands to her partners thighs. As Anna orgasmed, or did a cinematic facsimile of one, Kristof and Balzas both advanced to stand beside his wife. They removed her hands from Anna's thighs and directed them to caress their impressive bulges through their pants. She did, alternating up and down strokes even as Anna began to subside on the table. 'Mrs Smith' pulled away from her triumphant pussy-licking. Anna rose back up, her breasts settling in a plumply appealing way.
Remaining on her knees, Boss Lady dismissed her assistant with brief words and a wave, and the naked Anna left the frame to come between himself and Rod Steely. He glanced at her pussy, slick with his wife's saliva.
The men were removing their shirts. Blonde Actress revolved on her knees to face the camera, and the men angled themselves to be half-facing the lens. 'Mrs Smith's' knees were parted, giving the camera clear sight of a pussy that had grown pinker and more engorged. The shirts of the two men fell away as the stroking continued. The initial impression of Balzas having the musculature of a beginner bodybuilder was correct. His muscles bulged and his shaven chest was tightly defined and prominent. Kristof was paler, slimmer, less muscled, and possessed a more elegant physique.
She motioned to them to unbuckle their belts.
Kristof was smoother about undressing. He kicked off his shoes, undid his buckle and was soon unbuttoning his pants. Blazas was faster, more determined. He tugged his clothes and shoes off in one jerky set of movements. Balzas had trunk-like thighs, prominent and muscled. He had bent over obscuring his groin, but as he stood he revealed a thick cock -- three-quarters erect and swinging stiffly like a pedulum-- and a prominent set of balls, large like clementines and almost brown in hue. His cockhead -- he was circumcized -- was also a darker tone; it was unusually rounded, almost as though his cock was topped by a reddy-brown cherry. Fully shaved, the rippled muscles of his hairless stomach and groin seemed to point at his meaty cock like a set of arrows.
She turned her attention to it, gazing at it with intrigue. She traced the edge of his right ball with her nail. Then she ran her finger down the center of his penis, which hardened and rose. This transfixed Kristof, who paused his unbuttoning. Leaving her left hand to play with the shaft of well-muscled Balzas, she turned her attention to Kristof, reaching for the buttons of his fly with her free right hand.
One button had been undone. She released the second, then the third. His pants began to sag down his hips (no underwear). She paused expectantly, and he saw the camera advance to capture the tip of her tongue pierce her lips; the shot lasted several seconds and then pivoted over to record her left hand teasing the increasingly hard shaft of Balzas.
Rod Steely was clearly also very interested, as was Anna, whom he discovered was now being caressed by his hand. He was so engaged by his wife he had involuntarily begun stroking her. In fact his hand was stroking up and down her bare back and the appealing swell of her soft ass. He cupped her left bum cheek. Anna turned and smiled encouragingly.
Blonde Actress undid Kristof's last fly button. His pants held at his groin. She tugged them down and a long cock, eight inches perhaps (perhaps nine) sprung out and struck her cheek.
Kristof had manscaped his groin. His balls (golf ball sized), shaft and a zone above were well-waxed, but he had retained a defined triangle of light brown pubic curls directly above. The cock was long, straight, thick in a proportionate way: almost a dildo shaft in its perfection. His reddish mons was larger, bulging above the shaft prominently, though not quite so large as to seem a full mushroom head.
She was now kneeling between two erect and throbbing cocks, the heat of desire palpably aimed at her.
Kristof looked his way. He nodded to direct the actor, then he directed his own hand to trace the crack of Anna's ass and over her perineum to her soft and still damp cunt lips.
Kristof advanced his cock direct to 'Mrs. Smith's' mouth. There was a hesitant moment, then she parted her lips and, leaning sideways, traced the long length of Kristof's cock with her tongue. Pulling back with an open mouth, she straightened, then leaned again and absorbed the cockhead into her mouth. The camera zoomed to record her swirling her tongue around the glans of Kristof. Kristof's face was now transported by the cliché porn desire.
After a minute she withdrew from Kristof's impressive length, a trail of saliva connecting her to his still glistening red tip. Dipping and bending she began to flick at his balls before sucking in the first third of the long cock.
Pulling off and turning, she brought the thicker girth of Balzas to her mouth and inhaled the first two inches. He was too wide to take much further, though he clearly sought to have her engorge more of him. She bobbed on his cock, up and down, up and down, each stroke lasting a few seconds.
At this point he found he was both directing and stroking Anna's tits, standing behind her and grinding his hips ever so gently into her ass. Rod was not so discreetly smoothing the groin area of his trousers down.
Earlier Rod had laid out a suggested scenario: "The guys take her by the hand to that ottoman stool. They run their hands over Madam's hips, her back, her neck, her ass, her tits, they feel those tits. Mrs Smith I have seen lots of tits and you have some nice ones...They put Madam on her back..."
This now happened. Having each been sucked they pulled 'Mrs Smith' to her feet and led her to the black leather ottoman in the corner window. The sun had dipped somewhat, but the corner was still flooded with a golden light. Somewhat overlooked by two buildings, from where the camera was positioned it more gave an air of a black leather furnished eyrie on a cliff.
She complied with their request to lie on the ottoman, Kristof kissed her on the mouth and then trailed kisses down her body to part her legs for the camera. Legs spread to the maximum extent, every secret of the soft folds of her pussy was revealed to the camera. As he spread her legs further her ass parted and her pink rosebud appeared in view. Kristof then began to kiss her inner thighs. Reaching to the sofa he grabbed a pillow and deftly raised her hips to provide greater access -- and exposure. His tongue was soon running up and down her cunt to below, almost to the crack of her now exposed ass. Balzas had positioned himself standing near her head, and turning her head and smoothing away blonde hair, he now deliberately and slowly fed his cock into her mouth. Kristof had raised her legs and spread them wider, Now he was tonguing her ass, alternating slow up and down licks with a tightened tongue probing her anus. At times he would rise, trace her pussy slit and then buzzsaw her clitoris.
In the meanwhile Balzas was still trying to feed more than two inches of his throbbing pipe into her willing mouth. Unwilling or unable to take more, she reached her hand around his thigh to pull him closer and began to tongue his ball sack as her right hand stroked his shaft. Her hand reached around to grab a buttock, and finger stroking his ass line.
Kristof pulled away and stood to replace Balzas at "Mrs Smith's" Head. She opened her mouth eagerly. Balzas' club of flesh swung as he walked around.
In the director's spot Anna had now taken to touching him, and he nodded downwards for her to copy his wife. As his wife began to savour Kristof's cock a second time, he felt Anna undo his trousers to reveal his pulsing manhood. He stepped out of his pants. Anna's mouth was warm and slippery, her suction intense as she began to blow him. She pulled off and kissed his ballsack and then bent under to rather agreeably trace back to his asscrack, lightly penetrating that zone before returning to accept his cock in her mouth.
Balzas was not idle. He was unfurling a condom onto his trunklike thickeness. The legs of "Mrs Smith' were still parted, and he nudged them aside with his muscleman thighs. Balzas positioned his cock at his wife's cunt and began to edge it in. At first he met some resistance, but soon she arched her back and it was in.
There he was, Hungarian Anna was massaging the underside if his cock with an expertly curled tongue. His wife was giving her all for her acting, inhaling one cock as another man grabbed her by the hips and began to fuck her, her legs spread wide and balls slapping her ass.
This lasted for a minute and then, through some unsaid agreement, they switched. Balzas extracted his penis, unrolled the condom and ascended back to his wife's head. Krsitof was sheathing his cock in a ribbed condom and was soon holding the legs of 'Mrs Smith' quite wide, more for the camera than any measurable purpose. His wife's pussy was slick with anticipation.
Holding her legs wide, Kristof perched his cocktip at her entrance and then slid in. Deep. Deeper. Her hips bucked as he pushed to try and have her accommodate his full length. Then he began to slide in and out, at first slowly then with quickening pace.
He varied his position and how he held her legs for the camera, which took a series of closeups and full length shots. Balzas was now having his ballsack tongued as his shaft was stroked.
As Anna sucked his cock he grew mesmerised by the flexing of Kristof's ass as that man pummelled his wife. Kristof looked at him; he nodded him on.
After a minute the two Hungarians pulled out and switched. They encouraged her to role onto her knees. The men swapped spots again: Balzas parted his wife's ass cheeks to allow the camera a deep view of ass and just fucked pussy. At he head, swaying before her face, Kristof peeled away the condom and presented the impressively hard cock to the Blonde. Balzas was fitting his rod with a new sheath, leaving the Blonde spread-legged and exposed. The camera dwelled on her widened pussy and the pink rosebud of her asshole.
Then Balzas was behind her and fucking the Blonde, hips held tightly and purposefully. Her breasts swayed with each thrust, and the action pushed her deeper onto Kristof. She'd evidently done better than expected with Kristof, for more than half his cock was now buried in her mouth as she seemed to suck and thrum it.
This scene was now accompanied by ostentatious sucking sounds from Anna below as she determinedly inhaled the director's cock. Rod Steely's penis was now out, erect in his hand.
Balzas pulled out and almost ripped his condom off. Krstof pushed 'Mrs Smith's' head off his shaft and walked to stand behind her. He admired her spread form, then knelt and began to tongue he ass. She visibly enoyed it, and welcomed Balzas' cock back to her with enthusiasm.
Kristof was now using a lubed finger to warm his wife's ass. For a minute the Blonde received tonguing and fingering even as she perched on her elbows to devour the thick cock tip of Blazas. Then Kristof was rolling on a new condom and then slicking his latex-covered cock with lubricant.
Anna's sucking was now forceful. As Kristof steadied Blonde Actress' hip with one hand, and positioned his cock at her ass opening with the other, he felt his balls tighten. As Kristof edged in, centimeter by centimeter, the camera raptly capturing it all, his orgasm began to build further
Kristof had now buried half his cock in the Blonde. Slowly he extracted and he had the bizarre experience of seeing his wife's ass briefly open to wink at the attentive camera. Then Kristof returned and began to slide in: a quarter, a half. Pause. Then three quarters. He fucked the Blonde's ass three quarter's deep for a minute. Kristof then paused, smiling, and sank in full depth. Blonde pulled out Balzas' penis to allow her face to register surprise. Her right hand was now at her clit, toying with it. She began to suck Balzas again, her hand at her pussing moving vigorously, Well over half a foot of throbbing cock was buried in his wife's ass as she sucked a musclebound, thick-dicked man.
For half a minute Kristof fucked he with medium fast strokes. Her tits bounced. She had more of Balzas in her mouth. Her hand moved rapidly at her pussy. As Kristof accelerated she began to come. Balzas popped out and she moaned and shuddered on her hand even as Kristof held her firmly by her hips, buried halfway.
When she finished Kristof pulled out and removed his condom.
Over at the director's spot, Anna sensed his coming and took his cock to stroke it. He spurted onto her ample tits. Nearby Steely finished stroking himself and shot a load of sperm onto the floor.
In the fading golden light of Budapest, Kristof gazed at the parted ass of 'Mrs Smith' as he stroked his cock, slickening it with the lubricant still on his hand, He delivered a thick rope of cum onto the ass of Blonde actress. She rose from her hands and knees to sit at the edge of the ottoman, legs wide for the camera. Balzas pumped his cock and then fired his white load onto her neck and chin. She stroked Balzas and pulled Kristof closer to lick his balls and the very base of his shaft. They raised her to her feet for the amera to capture her post-coital beauty in full.
Anna had moved to kneel before Rod and clean his cock with he r mouth. She looked at him and said. "You know, there is a good party we know tomorrow. Maybe Mr Mrs Smith come. Maybe we show the movie there. Lots of fun people. You could be stars!" she said brightly.