The setting for this story is back when my current wife, Elaine, was still married to her ex-husband. He was very emotionally abusive to her and their kids. She had not had any sex for over 8 years! Well, one thing led to another and she finally decided that enough is enough and she was, sexually at least, going to make up for lost time. We had known each other for years and had done some obvious flirting. I was single at the time. Long story short, Elaine called me and said that if I was serious about my flirting, she wanted to fuck me as soon as possible!
Obviously I agreed!
When I found out just how hot and wanting she was, I immediately encouraged, even insisted, that she fuck a lot of men, not just me. No doubt she did have a lot of catching up to do.
After two or three years of her playing the field while working on her divorce, I asked her to marry me. Through the first few years of our marriage, with my approval and encouragement, she countinued her sexual escapades and we became the classic Hotwife - Cuckold couple! I was in exstacy! That was a few years ago and now she has "settled down", much to my disappointment.
Now on to the story..
My wife just doesn't fuck as much as she used too. I mean, I still get all I can handle! Don't get me wrong, she's still beautiful and sexy as hell, and men are still propositioning her all the time, but I miss the old days when my sexy, short, thick-bodied, big-breasted hot wife laid naked in front of the windows for the lawn guys, several pool boys, and any neighbors who were fortunate enough to look her way. I miss THOSE days!
Very often she would venture outside in the middle of the day to sunbathe in the nude and skinny-dip in the swimming pool.
This particular story occurred while she was still married to her ex-husband and fucking around with me and, apparently quite a few others. One of the guys she told me about was her sweet little old next-door neighbor. He was retired and she was a horny young stay at home Mom with too much idle time on her hands while her husband was at work and the kids were at school. The fact that she was getting zero sexual satisfaction from her husband only added to her sexual frustration.
I was slowly eating her big pussy as she was telling me this story. I made her promise not to leave out any details. We were at my apartment in bed the day after this event as she recounted the prior days happenings. She was REALLY wet as she told me about fucking and sucking these other men. She was amazed that I loved every minute of it.
She told me about sunning nude by the pool and making sure the neighbors could see her. The old man next door would hide behind a potted plant by his pool and jerk off watching her. At first, she acted like she didn't see him. Elaine liked playing "exhibitionist and voyeur" with him. She liked the game even more when she finally got a good enough look at his cock to see that it was huge, and it pointed nearly straight up when hard.
One day he accidentally stepped out from behind the cover of the foliage just long enough for her to get a really good look. She was pleased to see that he too was also totally naked. As he stroked himself, he released his cock and licked his hand, to lubricate it, I guess, but when he let go of it, it still stood straight up and the head of it reached above his belly button! Elaine said that she was shocked and thrilled to see that suddenly he didn't look so much like a 70-year-old man! She said as that was playing out, he was watching her sunbathing nude by the pool when the pool boy showed up.
Elaine knew it was pool cleaning day and after building up her nerve for weeks, this time she didn't get up and go inside like she usually did. She had always made sure that the pool boys saw her naked, but she had always gotten up and gone inside the house right away.
After planning this for weeks and being totally horny as hell after seeing that big hard cock next door, she stood up, totally nude and slowly walked into the pool just as she had intended to do several times before, but had always chickened out.
The pool boy froze in his tracks, not knowing what to do.
She said to the pool boy, "Don't you usually get in the pool when you clean it?"
He said "Yes Ma'm".
Elaine said, "Don't wait for me to leave, it's MY pool and I'm not getting out! Go ahead and do what you need to do."
He started to walk down the steps into the water. When he got down to where his crotch was about even with her face, she approached him, unbuckled his belt and unzipped his pants.
She said he was afraid to move. She said to him "Can't you see? It's a no clothes day in MY pool! If I'm not wearing any clothes, neither are you!" ...and she pulled down his cut-off jean shorts and found he was wearing a thin, tight, white Speedo underneath.
She rubbed his stiffening cock through the sexy silky fabric, laid her face against it, kissed his cock head through the material and then slid her thumbs under the bikini waistband and started pulling them down. By this time the young man was totally erect and as she pulled the Speedo off, his hard cock sprang up and slapped her in the chin. With both hands she turned him and made him sit on the edge of the pool naked, as she slipped the Speedo all the way off.
Being a good neighbor, she made sure they were both totally visible to the elderly, well-endowed man next door as he continued hiding and watching and jerking off. My married girlfriend lifted the young boy's cock in her hand and jerked it a few times, rubbing it across her face. When she thought he was hard enough, she lowered her head onto his cock and started sucking him balls deep on the first stroke.
At that very moment she heard her elderly neighbor grunt. She looked over at him just in time to watch him cum all over his potted plant. Elaine looked at him and they made eye contact. Him, with his cock in his hand, and she with the boy's cock in her mouth. She winked at the old man, and he scurried back into his house. Elaine pulled the pool boy into the water and to the side of the pool in about nipple-depth of water. She backed up against the side of the pool and pulled him to her. She took his super hard young cock in her hand and guided his cock into her big, experienced, mature pussy. She wrapped her legs around his waist, threw her arms around his neck and forcefully impaled herself onto his hard young cock. She dug her heels into his firm little ass cheeks and pulled him as deep into her as he could go. She was already well lubricated from the events of the day so far. There was no resistance as his cock slammed deep into her.
With the lack of staying power of a very young man, he all too soon exploded deep in my wife's cavernous cunt! She held onto him still with her legs tightly around him and she continued fucking him as only an experienced, mature woman can. With him lasting longer this time, she had her violent and very loud orgasm right there in chest deep water.
The realization returned to her that they were outside, in the hot Florida sun, totally naked and fucking in full view of the entire neighborhood. The pool is behind the house, but it faces the pond as do about 30 neighboring homes. The walking trail for the community is only about 6 or 8 feet from the pool cage where were currently naked and fucking! She was acutely aware of the sound of lawn mowers very close by. She hadn't heard them before. She had no idea if anybody had walked by on the trail while they were fucking. She was suddenly aware that she had been very vocal and was most likely observed by more than just the one neighbor she was intentionally teasing.
Those thoughts aroused Elaine to the point that she had another orgasm as she jerked her heels into the pool boy's ass again and hugged him tight as she gave him a deep, passionate kiss. As she released him from her grasp, their juices floated to the surface. She stood up and walked to the top of the pool steps and stood there, almost posing for anyone who happened to be around, and quite intentionally letting the pool boy get a good look at her body.
She looked at her naked young lover and said, "It looks like my Pool Boy has quite a mess to clean up."
She picked up her towel and started drying off. She saw her neighbor looking out from his bedroom window, jerking off again. This time she looked at him and waived at him. He quickly darted away from the window, knowing for certain that he had been found out this time.
She stayed on the pool deck naked until the Pool Boy finished up and left. On his way out, she called him to her lounge chair, spread her muscled legs wide, opened her pussy wide, took his hand and rubbed her clit with it. She pulled his fingers to her mouth and sucked her juices from them, as she said to him, "Now don't go tell all the other pool boys what we did here today, OK?" She winked at him in a way that let him know that she most definitely wanted him to tell all his coworkers about fucking her.
She masturbated herself furiously as he gathered his equipment and stumbled off, looking over his shoulder as she continued her pussy play. Elaine enjoyed playing the role of the neighborhood Cougar. She said that she knew that day as she reveled in the afterglow of a good fucking, with her hand now deep inside her cum-soaked pussy and her other hand vigorously rubbing her big clit, that she would definitely have to fuck the elderly next door neighbor very soon. She eventually dozed off, naked by the pool, visible to the whole neighborhood and dreaming about which pool boy might CUM next week.