Joey should have known better than to leave his girlfriend Sasha alone on a dancefloor, even though the last time had worked out in his favor. Anna had been a revelation, one that they had reprised several times since that fateful night when they'd had their first threesome. But Anna was away on a family trip and couldn't come out to play again. Sasha had some pent up energy that hadn't dissipated from Joey fucking her in the shower this morning. She'd thought she needed a dance and had dragged Joey out with her.
"I'm just going to get a drink, and take a leak" he's shouted in her ear, still muffled over the thumping bass of the dancefloor. The club was packed tonight and Sasha had to stop herself from rolling her eyes. Joey wasn't a fan of dancing and she knew he wouldn't be back soon. Still, she kissed him once and watched as he made his way to the bar for another beer. When she lost sight of him, she turned her focus back to the beat of the music, letting her hands raise up and her hips catch the music and weave on their own. She'd dressed to impress tonight, a thrill running through her as she wriggled into her leather miniskirt and sparkling top. It was a halter neck with a cutaway in the middle to show off her cleavage. She loved playing with Anna but she was hungering for another conquest, the excitement of spotting someone and the unspoken ways bodies could talk to one another. As if someone was reading her mind, she felt a heat at her back and looked over her shoulder. It was an absolute monster of a man, looming over her with wide shoulders in a tight, white button up.
"You looked lonely," he said, leaning down to brush his lips against her ear. She shivered, her stomach flipping at the scent of his spicy cologne and how close he was standing to her. She hadn't stopped moving, her hips hypnotized by the music. He reached out and lay his fingers gently on her waist, a fire lighting up his gaze. She shrugged, letting him hold her for now. She looked over to the bar to see if Joey was there, but she couldn't see him. The man moved closer, pressing up against her and moving in time with her. His jeans rubbed against the bare skin of her legs and she rolled her head back at the sensation.
"What's your name?" he spoke again, flicking her hair to the side and running his hand down her neck. She looked at him, considering her options. It felt wrong to dance with someone that wasn't Joey, but she had been craving something like this as well.
"Sasha," she said, licking her lips at the stranger. He was very handsome, his chin covered in light stubble. His fingers tightened on her hips and he pulled her tighter against him.
"Sasha? That's sexy. I'm Rino," he replied, and she smiled again, leaning into him and pushing her ass out. The innocent dance took on a different vibe as she took control. She looked through the crowd again, finally spotting Joey. He'd taken up a seat on at the bar and was looking straight at her. She felt an electric shock go through her, tensing as she wondered how he might react. But he only tipped his drink at her and nodded. Was he telling her to go for it? Sasha thought she'd test the waters, rolling her hips sensually against Rino. She reached down and grabbed one of his hands and drew it up over her body, cupping her tit over the shiny material. She couldn't help the moan that escaped her. Rino plastered against her back and he thrust into her more than danced, letting her feel the evidence of his enjoyment in her back. His fingers wrapped around her modest tits, kneading them roughly. Now that he had her permission to touch he seemed to unleash an animalistic side. He rubbed his nose down her neck, his tongue darting out to run up the length of it. She shivered and leaned to the side, all the while watching Joey. He hadn't moved, watching them intently from the bar. Rino scraped his teeth across her skin and stopped at the juncture of her shoulder and neck. His hot breath had her shivering, and he pressed a soft kiss before sucking hard on the open skin. He was marking her. She felt her clit throb at the thought of Joey seeing her with another man's marks, and she reached down to dig her fingers into Rino's jeans.
"You're so hot," Rino breathed in her ear, spinning her around so her front pressed up against him. He didn't give her a moment to think, slamming his lips down on hers and devouring her mouth. His tongue was insistent, plunging into her mouth as he swallowed her moans. He had wrenched any control she had off her, and it had her melting in his arms. Her tits pressed against his chest, one of her legs rising to get even closer. She could feel his hard cock between their sweaty bodies and knew what she had to do. She pulled away, tossing another look over her shoulder at Joey. He hadn't moved except to lean forward and at her look, he nodded again. He smiled and tipped his drink. Joey was enjoying this. He must have been, or else he would have wrenched her off this guy and laid him out on the floor by now. Sasha's fingers found their way to Rino's belt and danced along the edge. She looked at the man and enjoyed his heated gaze.
"You're a dirty little slut, aren't you?" He said, a sinful smile on his face. Sasha rolled against him in response. She wanted him to beg for her touch, but she had forgotten that Rino wasn't that kind of man. He grabbed her hand and burrowed it down his pants until their entangled fingers brushed against his hard length.
"That's what you wanted, wasn't it? I bet you're soaked right now, my little whore" Sasha wanted to refuse, but something about his words excited her, her nipples hard underneath her top. She wrapped her hand around his thick cock and jerked him as much as she could with their furtive situation. She was dripping from the illicitness of this, on the dancefloor, while her boyfriend watched. Rino's head dropped back and his eyes closed. She rubbed herself against him while her hand worked his cock, the head now slick with pre-cum. Her mouth salivated with the desire to taste it. She wondered if it would be like Joey's? Salty and musky. She swiped her thumb through the hot seed and brought it to her mouth, sucking on it with relish. Rino watched her do it with a groan.
"I'll bust in my pants if you keep that up with your sweet tongue," he warned, having to lean down and speak in her ear. "What do you say we go somewhere you can have another taste?"
Sasha felt a wave of disappointment crash through her. She was desperate for another taste, her mouth slick with saliva already. But there was no way Joey would let his girlfriend waltz off with some other man. A dirty dance and make-out session on the dancefloor was one thing, but this wasn't like Anna. Joey had no interest in joining in with a man. He liked pussy only, no swordplay allowed.
"I have a boyfriend," she admitted and Rino's head jerked back, a frown wrinkling his forehead. His tight hold loosened, and he shook his head.
"Why didn't you say?" he sounded furious. "I never would have touched you if I knew" his nose wrinkled. A hand reached over her and clapped Rino on the shoulder, distracting him from his frustration. Sasha whipped around and saw it was Joey. Her heart started pounding in her chest, so hard it made her dizzy. Joey only gave her a wink, a lopsided grin on his face.
"Her boyfriend doesn't mind, does that make a difference?" Joey said, sounding jovial like they were discussing a carpool. He tipped his head to the side of the dancefloor, where there were quieter booths. "Lets have a chat"
He reached down and snagged Sasha's hand, pulling her off the floor and expecting Rino to follow. When she looked back, she could see him on their trail, a confused expression on his face. Joey snagged a booth and slid in, motioning for Rino to take the other side.
"What's your poison, buddy?" Joey said, lifting his beer, "Name's Joey, by the way."
Rino looked at Sasha incredulously, who was still standing awkwardly beside the booth. All the delicious heat that Rino had stoked in her had tempered and she felt like one harsh blow from Joey was going to extinguish it completely.
"Bourbon," Rino said gruffly, "And I didn't know she's taken." he looked like he was waiting for Joey to leap the table, muscles tense under his shirt.
"Sasha, baby, get us a drink, will you?" Joey said, smirking at her. She wanted to argue, but cowardice won out. This wasn't like with Anna. This hadn't gone smoothly at all. She chewed on her lip as she waited at the bar, snatching up the two drinks and hurrying back before Joey beat the crap out of Rino. Her new friend was tall and fit, but Joey was a brawler, with wide shoulders and a determination that beat any type of strength. What she found was unexpected. Rino had his head thrown back in laughter as Joey gesticulated madly, trailing off from his story as she approached.
"Thank you, baby" he said "Scooch in with Rino" he said and she raised an eyebrow. Rino brushed his fingers against hers as he took the bourbon, a shadow of a smile on his face.
"Thank you, darling," he said, his low voice going straight to her pussy. She squeezed her thighs together, her pulse fluttering nervously in her throat.
"Rino and I have been talking about how you like making new friends," Joey said. "You're such a friendly, generous girl. So accommodating," Joey said, drawing out his words, so she knew he had no qualms that he was talking about something else. She gulped. Was he really giving her permission like she thought he was? Rino's hand landed on her thigh, too high to be platonic, and his fingers only drifted higher, questing toward her inner heat. She squeaked, her eyes widening at Joey. He licked his lips and nodded.
"Open your legs, you know you want to," he said, and she obeyed, feeling the cool air of exposed skin. The club was thumping still. Few people would pay attention to them in this quiet corner, and the bass seemed to thud in time with her heart. She swallowed another noise as Rino brushed his fingers along her soaked panties.
"I knew you'd be soaked. Joey was right about what a slut you are," Rino whispered, his fingers circling her clit in a maddeningly slow pace. She squirmed on the pleather seating, her thighs clenching around his hand.
"She can swallow a cock so well too, she's really too good to keep to myself," Joey mused, leaning his elbows on the table to get a better look at the furtive movement of Rino's hand. He sped up, not going underneath her panties, only touching her through it.
"Is that right? She got a little sample of my cum on the dancefloor didn't you darling? I've got a whole load I can't wait to cover your tongue with"
Sasha couldn't help but groan, her eyes flying shut as she worked her hips in circles, desperate for more friction.
"Please," she begged, needing him to touch her directly.
"You want me to bury my fingers in this hot pussy? Do you want to come right here in this club, where anyone could see?"
Her throat tightened around a sensual moan, eyes darting to the thick crowd in a sudden realization that she was about to orgasm in public for the first time. Rino slipped his fingers under her soaked panties and sank his thick fingers into her sopping hole. He hissed in her ear, curling them back so they rubbed against her g-spot. She scrambled to press her high heels on the floor, trying to push back on his fingers. Rino's other hand danced across the gaping neckline of her top, sliding under until he cupped her tit.
"You're so wet and needy, darling," he said. "You want to come on my fingers? In front of your boyfriend like a whore?" he kept whispering filthy things in her ear, working her so close to the edge of bliss. His other hand tweaked her nipple, giving her a jolt of pain to the pleasure. She was past caring that she was in a public place, her thighs splayed wide enough that Rino had full access to her. This wasn't a furtive fingering in the corner anymore. If anyone looked closely, they would know exactly what was happening to her. Joey only looked on silently, his own hand cupping his straining cock as he watched his wanton girlfriend inch closer to orgasm. It should have been absurd, wrong, but he couldn't help how turned on he was instead. He could enjoy the show, see the way her teeth dug into her lip as she tried to stop her slutty moans, the way her fingers scrambled on the pleather, digging in until the knuckles were white. She alternated between squeezing her eyes shut and looking at him. Even with some other man's fingers inside her, she wanted him. Sasha gasped as she hurtled towards the edge of orgasm, only for Rino to pull his hand away. He sat back, holding his glistening fingers out for Joey to inspect.
"Your girl made a mess of me," he mused as Sasha sat fuming next to him, her tits jostled as she tried to catch her breath. Her clit was twitching with unfulfilled pleasure, the tingling spreading to her thighs was lackluster and disappointing.
"I was so close!" she pouted and her lip jutted out even further as Joey and Rino chuckled. Rino offered her his fingers, pressing them against her mouth.
"Aww darling, that was your punishment for getting me hard on the dancefloor without knowing if Joey would give you permission to take care of it," he pressed his fingers harder, ignoring her scowl. "Clean me up and I'll think about finishing you. "
Sasha opened her mouth eagerly, now that the potential for an orgasm was back on the table. She laved Rino's fingers with an enthusiasm that had him nodding in approval as he pulled them out.
"What did I tell you about that sweet tongue?" he said, his cock a clear outline in his jeans.
"Take off your panties, I want them," Joey said, and she wriggled out of her thong, bunching it up and passing it to him. He swore under his breath, bringing it to his nose for a sharp whiff.
"You've dripped all over these Sasha. I think it's time you dripped all over something else." Joey stood smothering a grin, jamming the panties into his pocket.
"I know a place," Rino said, and he grabbed Sasha's hand, dragging her up to the second level of the club. He marched them down a hallway and jiggled at a doorknob before disappearing inside. Sasha followed, Joey slapping her on the ass as he followed her. Someone richly decorated this office, burnished copper backdrops and black leather seating. Rino strode over and flipped a switch on the large wooden desk, the space dim with the low light of a lamp. At one end of the office was glass, looking out over the dancing masses. Sasha watched the writhing bodies, wondering if they could see her all the way up here.
"Get on your knees," Rino said, his breath whispering over her shoulder and raising goosebumps. The sound of his zipper seemed magnified as she slowly dropped to her knees in front of him. Joey took a seat on one of the leather armchairs, giving her an indulgent smile. She licked her lips in anticipation as Rino pulled out his rock hard cock.
"Let me see that pretty pink tongue, darling," he said, his hand landing on the glass as he leaned over and pressed the head of his cock to her lips. She didn't hesitate, shuffling closer to angle her head. Her tongue worked down his considerable length until it was slick with her attentions. She slowly bobbed her head over the tip, collecting the pre-cum and savoring the taste. Her thighs were wet with her own arousal as she swallowed him deep. The taste of his cum was an aphrodisiac, setting her clit to pulsing again. Rino groaned, his hips thrusting forward as she took him down her throat. Her nose brushed the musky scented skin at his base, and she raised a hand to fondle his balls. Rino tangled a hand through her hair, twisting it loosely around a fist. He took charge of the pace, using her mouth roughly, thinking only of his pleasure and getting lost in the warm depths of her mouth.
"She sucks cock like a dream, bro," he laughed breathlessly over to Joey. Sasha could see her boyfriend stroking himself to the show, thrilled that she was turning on two men at the same time.
"Don't bust in her yet, wouldn't you rather her pussy?" Joey said and Sasha couldn't help but moan around Rino's cock, the idea of being pumped full of cum too much for her. Rino pulled her off with a groan.
"She's on the pill, be my guest and fill her up" Joey went further and Sasha looked at him with surprise but he just smirked, stroking his fat cock like this was normal. He raised an eyebrow, waiting for her to argue, but Sasha didn't want to. She was craving it and after Rino teasing her, she needed to cum desperately. Not waiting for Rino to say anything, her fingers flew to the zipper of her skirt and let it fall to the ground. She made quick work of her top and bra, tossing it over to Joey. She stood naked, skin thrumming with need in front of Rino. He didn't leave her waiting for long, flipping her around and pressing her front half against the glass and pressing his hot cock against her.
"You want me to fuck you, darling?" he whispered. "Your tits out for anyone to see?"
She whimpered, nodding her head against the cool glass. Rino fed his cock into her slowly, hiking her hips up so she was open to him. There was no sting, no resistance to being pumped full of him. Her juices covered Rino's cock as he pulled out halfway to admire his work.
"Damn, darling" Rino said roughly, slamming into her until his cock was buried to the hilt. He fucked her with a ferocious energy, like he wanted to claim her body for his own, to imbed himself into her as deep as possible. The sounds they made were indecent, Rino's balls slapping onto her rhythmically. Her wet channel noisily clenching around his cock as he pounded into her. The room filled with their mixture of grunts and moans, each person lost to the sensation. Rino crowded her fully against the wall, stalling his fucking to press his body against her. He raked his teeth down her throat before pulling himself out and pushing her over to the couch opposite Joey.
"Think Joey would rather watch you," he said, sitting down and pulling her down to straddle him backwards. She was facing Joey and, as Rino lifted her and sank her down on his cock again, Joey's face filled with lust. His hand was strangling his cock and his cheeks were red with exertion. Rino's hand landed on her ass, the slap jolting her forward.
"Ride me, slut," he grunted, thrusting up to motivate her. She circled her hips, her hands running to up to cup her breasts and press them together. She bit her lip and moaned. Only a little performative, Rino felt amazing in her. Joey swore and scrunched his eyes closed, his hand tight on the base of his cock. Rino grabbed her hips, tired of her slow and sensual movements. He ground her forward, hard and rough against him. The smell of sex was tantalizing, dizzying Sasha as her body moved like a ragdoll, in control of another man. Rino wrapped his hand around her hair and tugged her hair to the side. She winced at the slight pain, but her pussy responded, arousal flooding their joined bodies.
"She needs you Joey" Rino groaned "Your girl needs more cock than I can give her"
Joey was up and over to them before Rino finished speaking, kicking his pants off his legs. He grabbed Sasha's head and guided her over to his engorged cock.
"Oh yes," she breathed, opening her mouth and letting her moans vibrate against Joey's cock as he fucked her mouth. She used her tongue to draw out groans from her boyfriend, his cum dripping into her mouth as he neared his orgasm. Rino was slowly grinding her against his pelvis now, the curve of his cock hitting her g-spot. She had already been on the edge before, but now, as she sat sandwiched between these two gorgeous men, she was so close. Joey cupped her head, encouraging her to take him deeper.
"So good, babe, I love your filthy mouth on my cock," he said, his movements becoming erratic before he froze, his cum spilling into her mouth. She swallowed as best she could, but a dribble squeezed out of her mouth as she pulled back, releasing Joey's cock. She ran her finger over the cum, collecting the drops and sucking on her finger, not letting a drop go to waste. Joey stumbled backwards, an expression of bliss on his face.
"Damn, you are the perfect little slut" Rino said, slamming upwards now that he had free range of movement again. She leaned forward and rested her hands on his knees, her tits bouncing from his forceful fucking.
"I-I-I'm close," she stuttered out, her legs tingling as she felt her orgasm approach. Rino reached around and brushed his hand against her clit, the touch on her sensitive pussy sending her hurtling over the edge. She screamed out, her pussy walls clamping down on Rino, forcing him to cum with her. He bellowed behind her, his cum saturating her insides. She felt the warm gush of it as Rino pulled her back against him, his chest raising her as he took gigantic gulps of air. Her whole body was tingling from the intense orgasm and they all lay there in silence for a few minutes as they cooled their breathing. She slipped off Rino, wriggling into her skirt and top. Rino snatched her bra off the ground, only needing to zip up his jeans.
"I'm keeping this," he smiled wolfishly at her. Sasha winked at him.
"You earned it!" She looked at Joey, who was running a hand through his hair. "Can I have my panties back before whoever this office belongs to runs into us?"
He shook his head, sharing a look with Rino.
"No way, I want that cum dripping down your legs," he replied
"Like the dirty slut you are," Rino added, kissing the side of her neck
"And I wouldn't worry about being disturbed. This is my office, and my nightclub, to be honest. "
Sasha gasped and Joey pounded Rino's back.
"Damn bro, I hope we're welcome back after we just destroyed it," he laughed.
"I'll take payment in sweet pussy," Rino smiled.
Sasha sighed to herself. Making new friends was the best.