My rock-hard nipples grazed on the carpet as my ample tits hung from my chest and swung like a pair of pendulums every time he plunged in and pulled out of my pussy.
It had become a daily routine.
He would come to deliver the newspapers and would make a stopover at my house and come and pound my pussy before continuing his rounds.
It all started nearly three months ago when I had stepped out of the door early in the morning in my thong to pick up the newspaper. The man was still there fixing something on his bicycle. He saw me and stopped. I stared back at him and then god knows what snapped in my mind and with my finger I indicated that he should follow me as I turned and walked inside.
I don't think I was thinking about what I was doing that morning. Walking in a few steps, I got down on all fours on the carpet and moved my thong aside baring my asshole and pussy. He entered the door and saw me in that position.
I was looking at him as he entered the house and stretching my ass with my right hand, I told him to come fuck me in as many words.
He didn't need a second invitation. He lowered his shorts and took out a raging hard cock and stepping up to my upturned ass, he pointed the tip of his cock at the opening of my pussy and entered. I was wet enough for him to slide in easily. Once he was inside me, he caught hold of hips and began pounding away.
My face was on the floor as I fingered my clitoris with my left hand and balanced myself with the right hand.
It took him a few minutes of pounding my pussy before he asked me almost out of breath if I wanted him to come inside me or outside.
"Cum in my mouth," I told him.
He pulled out and I quickly turned and took his throbbing cock in my mouth as deep as I could and began sucking on it. A few seconds later, he began depositing his load of cum deep in my throat. When he was done and I felt his cock beginning to soften and shrink, I pulled away from him and leaned back.
"Get up," he told me, "I want to take a good look at you."
I obliged and stood up.
He initially looked at me from top to bottom and then asked me to turn around slowly. I obliged again and by the time I had turned around fully, he had his hands on my body and was feeling bits and parts of it.
He rubbed his hands all along my lower back, my belly, felt up my thighs, even squeezed and then came back up to my tits which he hefted for weight and then squeezed gently at first and then began mauling them furiously.
Since I was facing him, I could see that his cock was again coming back to life and was beginning to harden. I put my hand on it and began pumping it.
He slapped my hand away and then lay down on the floor and told me to get on top and take it in my pussy.
Spreading my legs, I squatted down on his cock and began riding him. He could see my tits bouncing and began playing with them. At one point, he caught hold of my waist and began controlling my movements and started pounding me down on his cock hard.
This was getting too much for me and I orgasmed even as he continued bouncing me on his cock like a rag doll. A few minutes later, he pushed me backwards and got on top and pulled out and sprayed my tits and belly with his cum. He was visibly out of breath now and I had had my thirst for cock satiated.
I lay there on the carpet as he slowly pulled himself up to his feet and stuffed his still dripping cock in his shorts and began to head out.
"Be naked every morning and meet me here only. I want to fuck you every day," he said just before he left.
Since then, I had always left the door open every morning and around the time of his arrival, I would always assume the position -- hands and knees on the floor, peering back, ass in the air -- and wait for him.
He'd come in every morning without fail and would come and pound either my pussy or my asshole -- that was a different experience altogether -- a couple of times before leaving.
We hardly exchanged any words. It was almost as if I was his for the taking and he would dutifully come use me or play with me every day. On days when I would have my periods, he would happily let my pussy be and instead would ravage my asshole. I would let him cum inside me when he would fuck my asshole.
Our depraved arrangement was going fine until a couple of weeks ago. After having raved me twice, first in my pussy and then my asshole, he told me to meet him that night around midnight at a nearby foot overbridge.
"Why?" I asked him.
"I am going to fuck you on the FoB," he said.
Dumbfounded I wondered what he meant. Wasn't he happy I was letting him come into my home every morning and have his way with me every day?
"But why on the FOB?" I asked him.
"It's a fantasy I've always had. To fuck a woman on top of an FOB as the traffic passed underneath seeing the woman's tits hanging off the railing."
I spent the rest of the day wondering WTF he was getting at and if I should agree to it. By the time evening rolled around I was getting hornier at the idea of being fucked out in the open on a foot overbridge. All kinds of thoughts passed my mind. What if someone saw us... this and a lot of other questions crossed my mind.
But my pussy was getting wetter and wetter at the thought of the whole lewd act. I finally gave in and found myself a short skirt and a tank top which I paired with a pair of skimpy sandals. Leaving my panties and bra at home, I made my way to the FOB. It was a 15-minute walk away and when I arrived there, he was already waiting for me. He looked me up and down and then smiling walked up to me and felt up my skirt. A wide grin appeared on his face as he noticed the absence of panties and my bare ass available for the taking.
I felt the front of his shorts and could feel him getting hard under it.
He let go of my ass and holding me by the arm, led me up the FOB. Standing on the top step, he told me to walk to a point where I was directly on top of the middle of the road. He told me to go there, lean over the railing and pull out my tits and let them hang on to the road and then to raise my skirt from behind and that he would come and fuck me then.
I made it a point to swing my ass as much as possible as I took the 10-12 odd steps to the point. Once there, as if in a daze, I lowered my tank top and freeing my tits, rested my chest on the railing and let my tits hang freely. Just as I leaned across, I could see a car approaching from the opposite side and I could see the man inside it notice me and slow down his car. I grinned at the reaction I was eliciting.
Then reaching behind me, I raised my skirt and spread my legs as wide as I could while keeping my tits hanging over the railing. I must have stood there for a good five minutes with the breeze cooling my dripping wet pussy before he came and plunged his cock in me from behind in one sharp movement and began fucking my pussy like he had never had a pussy before.
His movements were sharp and hard and every time he plunged back in, the railing would dig into my chest. He carried on like that, while I put on a smile for every car or two-wheeler that passed under the FOB. The whole idea of being fucked like this in plain sight of people was enough to drive me over the edge and orgasm. I came before he did and moaned in ecstasy. A few minutes later, he asked me where he wanted me for him to cum.
"Just cum inside me," I told him. I had started taking protection pills since our daily trysts began.
With one final massive push, he let loose his seed deep inside me. We stayed like that for a few minutes while I felt his cock throbbing inside me and with every throb I would feel some more of his cum trickle into my pussy.
When he finally pulled out, he turned me around and kissed me first on the lips and then on both my tits and stepped back from me. Now, my upturned skirt revealed my ass to the traffic beneath us.
Grinning, he pulled me away from the railing and picked me up and carried me down the FOB where he deposited me on my feet.
"Be ready tomorrow morning for me. And from now on, I am going to cum inside you," he said as we began walking to my home.
We were barely a 100 metres from my home when he stopped me and told me to take off my clothes and walk naked.
For a second I wanted to refuse, but then I decided that I'd just been fucked on top of a foot overbridge and many people had seen me and my tits hanging freely.
I took off my clothes and handed them to him and began walking a few steps ahead of him swinging my ass as seductively as I could. At one point, I decided to stop and spread my ass for him and insert a finger into my asshole before standing up again and walking on.
He laughed at my walk and me fingering my asshole and catching up to me stopped me. He got down on one knee and lay me across his leg and began spanking my ass. My hands and feet were on the road and my belly on his knee with my ass high in the air being spanked. He must have landed at least 20-25 blows on both of my soft ass cheeks before he put two fingers in my wet pussy and then pulling them out, put them into my asshole and straightened me up and told me to walk with his fingers in my asshole. The feeling was intense and I wanted him to fuck me right there and then.
As we reached home, he pulled out his fingers and let me go. But I wanted him to fuck me in the asshole and begged him to come inside.
He refused and instead handed me my clothes and told me to be ready for the fucking of my life the next morning.
To be continued...