This was inspired by several stories I read on Literotica and by a time I fingered my wife in public aboard a cruise ship. I hope you enjoy reading it as much as I enjoyed writing it. Comments are welcome but there is no need to be rude. As my grandmother used to say "If you can't say anything nice, then you shouldn't say anything at all." I do however, value constructive criticism. And spelling or grammar mistakes are completely mine as I have chosen not to use an editor. Spell and grammar check were on and did help me some as I wrote this story but I do take fault for any mistakes. That being said I would ask that you focus on and enjoy the story and not the mistakes.
Thanks for reading. Cknthisout
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
It had been a long hard day at the office and I stopped by one of my favorite drinking holes to relax a little before going home to deal with all of the problems there. Not that they were that bad but you know how it is. There are always things to do like clean up after the dog, work in the yard, and fix something that had gotten broken, the usual everyday things.
I sat there nursing my Jack Daniel's when I saw the light from someone opening the door flashed causing me to look over and I watched she walked in. The light coming in from behind her made it look like an angel had just arrived and as the door closed and I could fully see her I saw no reason to change my opinion of her. She was stunning. Her dark curly hair framed her round smiling face. I notice that the couple of other guys in the place noticed her too. She was what you would call a full figured woman. She had nice curves that made you want to race your hands all over her body. She was wearing a sexy white blouse with a plunging v in the front that revealed what had to be a pair of what appeared to be at least 38DD's. She looked to be in her mid to late 30's but with a woman like her you could never really tell by just looking. She had on a short black skirt that was held up by a pair of the most gorgeous legs I had ever seen. Sleek and smooth and it didn't appear that she had on any hose or stockings. Tanned and delicious looking it made my mouth water just looking at them.
I turned my focus back to my drink as I had never been picked up by a woman that looked like her. I lifted my glass and took another swallow of my drink when I felt and heard someone sit down beside me. I looked up into the mirror behind the bar and saw this beautiful creature making herself comfortable on the stool beside me.
"Hi." She said.
"Hello." I responded.
She placed her order with the bartender, a glass of merlot and then turned around on her stool and surveyed the room. As the bartender sat her glass on the bar she swirled around and picked it up and turned to me raising her glass.
"To relaxing after a long day at work"
I raised my glass and touched hers and took another swallow as she did the same. As I set my glass down I turned and took a good look at her. She really was absolutely beautiful. The dark curls bouncing around her face as she turned her head to look my way framed a face that was full of mischief and fun. Her eyes sparkled as she looked at me like a cold drink on a hot summer day. I could not believe that she was showing this interest in me.
Then without warning she got up and I watched as she walked away. My eyes followed her as she headed over to the jukebox and after putting in some money made several selections. The first song started playing and she began to dance all alone. As she swayed back and forth one of the other men walked up and asked if he could dance with her. She graciously accepted and as he pulled her into his arms I turned back around to my drink.
The first song ended and as the second one started I felt a hand on my shoulder. I looked up and saw her standing there looking at me expectantly.
"Well if you are not going to ask me to dance then I will ask you. Would you please dance with me?" she asked looking at me with her rich dark brown eyes. There was a hint of something in them but I wasn't sure if I was seeing what I thought I was actually seeing.
She took my hand and led me to the dance floor. As it was a slow song I placed my hand on her back and pulled her close. She responded by pressing her luscious mounds deep into my chest. As we moved back and forth she began grinding against me causing my 4 inch cock to protrude. I knew she could feel it against her and wondered how much longer she would continue dancing with me before she moved on to find something bigger. She reached down and slid her hand across my hardness and asked.
"Is that for me?"
"Yes." I whispered. I knew that after feeling my cock she knew how "big" I actually was not. I prayed that she would continue dancing with me for a little longer.
"Very nice" she stated as she gave me a little squeeze and pulled me close to her once again. She buried her head against my chest and I could smell the fragrance of the shampoo in her hair.
As the song ended she looked up into my eyes and asked me if we could move to a booth where it was just a little less public. I spotted a booth near the back and went and retrieved our drinks while she went to the bathroom. I fully expected her to slip out the back, or in this case out the front door without me seeing her, as I wasn't used to being picked up by women in a bar.
I took finished my drink and motioned for the bartender to fix me another one just before the mysterious lady came out of the restroom. She looked around and spotted me in the booth and headed my way. A couple of the guys in the place whistled at her and made a few remarks about how good she looked. I was still amazed that she was interested in me but here she came.
She sat down in the booth beside me and slid her hand across my pants and down my leg.
"I have a present for you." She said as she reached for my hand. I could feel the silkiness in my hands and as I looked down realized that she had given me her panties. I brought them up to my nose and could smell her sex emanating from them. It was an intoxicating aroma and I breathed it in deeply.
I looked at her and saw that mischievous smile and the twinkle in her eyes. She was definitely teasing me hard and I was thoroughly enjoying it. She took my hand in hers and guided it down to her silky smooth leg. I began to slowly stroke her leg and the further up her thigh I went the further apart she spread her legs. I could feel the heat emanating from her nether region as I got closer and closer to her mound. She rolled her eyes, leaned her head back and gave a soft moan as I touched her pussy lips. They were slick and dripping with moisture. I ran my finger up and down her slit causing her to shiver with excitement. I could feel that she was well trimmed and that her lips were full and puffy. I looked down and saw that her skirt had risen up to where anyone that happened to look this way would get a full view of her womanly treasure. She didn't seem to be bothered by this and spread her legs even wider for me to have better access. I responded by slipping a finger into the wetness feeling the softness inside this most private place. It gripped my finger squeezing tightly as I moved it in and out of her hole. The smell of her sex overwhelmed me and I had to know what she tasted like so I removed my finger and sucked it into my mouth. I ran my tongue around my finger to lick off every drop of her sweet nectar. I sucked my finger clean as I pulled it out of my mouth and plunged it back into her waiting hole. She moaned and began to grind on my finger. I slid a second finger into her eliciting a louder moan gathering the attention of some of the nearby patrons. Several of them gave me a thumbs up but a couple of them turned away in disgust. And since she didn't seem to worry about it neither did I.
I could not believe how turned on she was and from how hard my cock was I knew how turned on I was. My cock was aching and I could feel the pre-cum not oozing but flowing from the end of my shaft causing a steadily growing wet spot. I felt like I was about to explode just playing with her pussy. She however seemed unaware of anything going on around her and was only concentrating on grinding on my fingers. He moans were getting louder and she was drawing more attention. Even the bartender had noticed and was giving me looks that said that we should take this someplace else. But before I could do or say anything I felt her pussy tighten and squeeze my fingers just before my hand was flooded with her juices. She let out a loud gasp and collapsed against me. I wrapped my arm around her to keep her from sliding into the floor. After a couple of moments of nothing but heavy breathing from her she was finally able to look up. She had a huge smile on her face and in a quiet whisper said.
"Thanks!"
I told her that we should probably go somewhere else if she wanted to continue this, but she told me that she couldn't. She had to hurry home before her husband got there. I told her that she had me all worked up and hard and that she couldn't leave me in such a situation. She looked at the ring on my finger and told me that I should take it home to my wife and tell her how much I wanted to fuck her and then give it to her good and hard. With that she got up and waltzed right out the door leaving me sitting there with a hard on and a huge wet spot on the front of my pants.
I finished my drink and after taking one last sniff of her juices on my hand went to the bathroom to try to relieve my bladder. It was difficult to keep from pissing in my face but I managed to release some of the pressure and when that was done my erection subsided a bit. I washed my hands and with that the last vestiges of her from my body. I walked out of the bathroom to some cheers and mild applause. I couldn't believe what had happened. It was certainly a first for me. A couple of the guys there congratulated me and told me that they had enjoyed the show and that they didn't know if they would have had the courage to do what I had done. I just smiled at the memory fresh in my mind and walked up to the bartender and paid my bill and that of the lady.
I drove home thinking about what had happened. I wondered what I would say to my wife. I knew that there was no way I could avoid this as it was written all over my face. I was never one that could hide anything from her. I arrived to a dark house. I thought maybe she wasn't home but as I opened the door I knew that she was already there. I thought about what had just happened and immediately got hard again. I thought about what I was told about going home and fucking my wife hard and fast and decided that I would do that. I walked into the bedroom and saw my wife sleeping, laying naked across the bed. She had lit some candles and had some romantic music playing on the TV. I could tell that she must have been waiting for me but had fallen asleep before I got home.
She was still a beautiful woman at 51. Even though her breast weren't as firm as they used to be I still liked the look of them and loved the way her nipples reacted when I licked and sucked on them. I perused the rest of her body and admired what I thought was one of the prettiest pussies I had ever seen. Her fur was trimmed so nice and neat that it framed her slit like a picture. Seeing her like this after what I had just experienced brought me back to full hardness. I took off my clothes and climbed onto the bed with her. She responded sleepily by rolling over and throwing her arm across my chest. I leaned down my head and gently kissed her on the forehead. She looked up and met my lips probing me with her tongue. Her hand reached down and slid across my stomach coming to rest on top of my hardened manhood.
"Someone is happy to see me." She said as she wrapped her fingers around my cock. She kissed me once again and began to slowly stroke me. I could feel the wetness of my pre-cum once again oozing from the little hole in my shaft. She sat up and leaned over me and licked the drop on the tip of my dick.
"Mmmmm. Good." She said as she lowered her mouth on my 4 plus inch member. "You are so hard tonight. Did something happen to you on the way home that got you so excited?"
Her ministrations on my cock had my full attention and I barely heard what she said. But I heard enough to be able to respond with a resounding "Yes!"
"Looks like it got you all worked up. It really seems to have made your dick extra hard tonight"
Before I could respond she sucked me back into her mouth and had her tongue dancing on the bottom side of my mushroom shaped head.
All I could moan was, "Oh my gawd! That feels so good. Yes baby. Suck my dick."
She kept teasing me with her mouth, tongue and stroking me with her hand. And just as I felt like I was going to blow she would change what she was doing and delay my explosion.
"Do you like this?" She asked.
"Yes." I told her. "This is fucking great!"
"So tell me, what happened tonight that got you so worked up?"
I knew that there was no way I could tell her anything other than the full story of my experience. So I told her everything, from me sitting down at the bar to the congratulations I received as I was leaving. She did not say a word as I told my story and I wondered what her reaction was going to be.
"Did you like playing with that pussy where everyone else could see?"
"Yes." I told her. "I found it very erotically stimulating and sexy as hell."
"Hearing you tell me about it has really gotten me turned on."
I pulled her ass around and felt her slit. It was all wet and swollen. I stuck my finger into her and felt it covered in her slickness.
"I can tell." I stated.
She giggled and said, "Well I was a bit naughty today myself."
"And is that why you pussy is swollen and wet?"
"Why don't you just eat me and find out?
I rolled her over and buried my face in between her legs lapping up the sweetness dripping from her honey pot. She tasted absolutely delicious and I devoured her. She tried to continue to suck my dick but was soon wracked with spasms as the orgasm took over her body. She flooded my face with her juices and I licked up every drop. After she quit trembling she could only say three words.
"Fuck me. Now!"
I rolled her over and raised her legs up against my chest as I positioned my throbbing manhood at the portal of her female flower. She arched her back and tried to drive herself onto my cock but I wanted to take a moment and tease her like she had when I had first walked into the bedroom.
"Please! I need your hard dick inside my pussy right now!" she pleaded.
I rubbed the head of my cock up and down her slit and across her clit several times causing her to shiver with desire. I finally plunged my cock quickly into her wanting pussy. It was so hot, burning with desire and lust. I began to fuck her hard and fast, pounding her pussy and letting my balls smack her ass. She began pumping and grinding, fucking me like a dog in heat. After all the teasing I had gone through this evening I knew I would not be able to last long.
"Yes baby. Fuck me so good! Fill my hot wet pussy with your big load of cum." She shouted.
I grabbed her tits and pinched her nipples. I slammed my dick into her like a jackhammer out of control. She screamed YES and I felt the walls of her pussy clinch around my dick. It felt like it was being milked and that was all it took for me to finally release my pent up load deep inside of her. I kept exploding, filling her with my seed, until I was totally spent. I let her legs slowly slide down my sides and collapsed on the bed beside her.
"That was amazing. I wonder what it would have been like if I had sucked your dick in the bar instead of just letting you finger me."
"Maybe next time we can find out."