I am the disabled man. (John.)
I will recap for you.
I am in my mid to late fifties and I had a very bad stroke and I am now, virtually paralysed and in a wheelchair. I had a very severe stroke when I was in my early forties. Now, I can 'just' talk, and I can 'just' use my left hand and arm. I suppose it's about 10% on a good day. I can 'just' and very, very slowly lift my legs up, so they are 'almost' straight. But this is a painfully slow operation. The rest of my muscles are f*****! I am very slim (with a flat stomach) and very, very healthy. I have a full head of shoulder length dark blonde hair, with a little grey in it, but not much and a stubble.
I live on my own in a ground floor flat.
Oh! I am very, very happy with the way I am and my life. Two main things have happened since my stroke, I was quite horny before but now I am unbelievably horny and I am very happy-go-lucky. I think that's one of the main reasons why both carers have been with me for over ten years, as they see me as quite easy and carefree.
I have two main carers that share the week between them. Niki and Fran. They come in three times a day. To get me up, make breakfast and other stuff. Make my tea and lastly, to put me to bed. (I don't have lunch.)
My penis is just under 6 1/2 inches, and as I am very, very horny, I love jerking off and I just love getting an erection in front of the young (32) carer as she washes and dresses me each morning.(Niki.)
Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday and Friday are Niki days, and as I get an erection in front of her, I make sure that my pubes are trimmed down. Monday nights I trim my stubble and I also trim my pubes as well, taking the pubes that are around my penis, right down to virtually nothing.
I would urge you to read the other story;
(Embarrassingly true.) Young carer gets a facial! And erection flashing!
As there is a very, very detailed description about her, but basically she is slim, tall, and attractive. She got married a few years ago. (I went to that.) Her husband is away a lot, about six weeks at a time. She has had two children in the last few years but is still quite firm. I guess she must workout. Niki must have middle-Eastern blood in her, as she goes a deep golden brown in the summer. She is a very good and methodical carer and I think she is quite sweet, with a lovely and caring personality but she is casual in her approach to things, just taking everything in her stride.
She is fully aware that she turns me on and that I am extremely horny and I am sure that she likes to see me all turned on, with a full erection, as she used to wear round neck t-shirts, but when she came back from her second maternity leave in September 2018 and I started to get an erection in front of her, she started wearing the occasional v-neck, which seemed to accentuate her largish boobs and display her cleavage, which made me get an erection even more so. My erections became more and more frequent and she would wear a v-neck more often. I spoke to her about getting an erection in front of her, as I was worried about what she thought. She said that she didn't mind and said that she could cover it up if I was embarrassed about it. I said that I wasn't particularly embarrassed about it, so long as she was okay with it. Since then, she has always worn a v-neck in the spring and summer.
When she stoops down, she flashes more than her cleavage to me, which I am sure she is aware of.
When she gave me a shower the other month, she wore a, new, very baggy, very low cut v-neck and a very low cut bra, which was quite revealing, especially when she was kneeling down to get me dressed and then I saw even more as she had to lean forward and as her nipples had gone hard, tenting out her bra. I could see the very, very top of her areola. A sort of milk chocolaty /pinky colour. I did write about it but to cut a long story short, I ended up squirting cum on her face!I was a bit embarrassed about it, but it didn't seem to bother her. She just said;
"Don't worry about it John, you couldn't help it."
She has seen me cum, three times now and each time she didn't seem particularly bothered about it. When I apologise, she just says, something like;
"Don't worry about it, it's only a natural reaction."
As I said in the other story, I am very, very lucky to have a young and attractive, broadminded carer and I am fortunate that the stroke didn't affect my penis.
When she is here, we have a wonderful relationship.
...
Anyway, it was my birthday the other day and Niki was working this time. (The first time in three years!) and I had had a week of not ejaculating, as I wanted to cum that morning whilst Niki was in the kitchen. She was used to me asking her for 'a few minutes' and then clean boxers. I would masturbate and cum on my chest and stomach, then clean up the cum with my boxers, or I would cum directly on to my boxers.
Actually, a few weeks ago, I had a really erotic experience. Just before she started washing me. She noticed a small red mark about half way down my penis. She picked up my engorged penis and had a good look at the red mark. My penis was growing rapidly as she handled it.
"Is that red mark okay John?"
"Yes, fine."
"Not sore at all?"
"No."
By now my penis was fully erect and I could feel it pulsating as she handled it, which felt lovely. She let my penis go and it sprang from her hold and pointed straight up.
"I think you should give me a minute."
"Oh, sorry! Yeah sure."
As soon as she started to turn, I was masturbating and I was cumming just as she left the room.
Where was I?
Oh yes, when I heard her come in, I started to get an erection, as usual. When she came into the room, a few minutes later, I saw that she was wearing a dark pink, cropped and baggy, v-neck. A short, off white, flouncy skirt with pink roses on it and high ish heels, that made her long tanned legs even longer. (She normally wears skin-tight jeans and flat shoes.) She came straight up to the bed, leant over (giving me an eye full of cleavage and a low cut red bra!) and gave me a peck on the cheek.
"Happy birthday John."
"Thank you."
I felt my penis get harder.
(She has got a fantastic cleavage, due to her, largish, boobs, which must be at least a 'D' cup. I've often wondered what her boobs actually looked like. I now know, from seeing the very top of her areola, that her nipples are a milk chocolaty/pinky colour. I've really only ever seen her in a bra. Apart from once, when she just quickly 'popped in' through the day to get something from the fridge. She was wearing a black vest top then and her boobs, although not perky, still looked quite big and firm.)
"I thought I would make a bit of an effort, as it's your birthday."
"Thank you. Very nice."
Niki came round to the other side of the bed (my left) to retrieve my urine bottle, which is by my hip. I push the duvet down a bit. She has to lift the duvet a bit more and move it down to get to the bottle and I make sure that she exposes the top of my penis, which is always very, very engorged.
She went into the bathroom and got a bowl with my toiletries in it, and put it on the floor adjacent to my feet. Her skirt rode up, as she bent over to do this, and I saw the bottom side of her, tanned, (How!?) left ass cheek. (She has a nice ass.)
G-string. I thought, as my penis went harder. She disappeared to get another bowl of water to shave me, placed it on my wheelchair and then she did a full 180, bent over and got the razor from the toiletries bowl. Her skirt rode up again to about mid bum. She wasn't quite square on to me, but I could see that she wasn't wearing a g-string. She was pantieless! I saw the back part of her pussy.
My pulse started to race and I felt my penis really, really swell. I wanted to masturbate and cum, but I couldn't and didn't. I had a feeling I would get another 'show' anyway. (And I did.)
Niki shaved me and I felt my penis was calming down a bit. She then went into the other bedroom, to get my clothes for the day.
"Is it okay to uncover you now?"
"Er, yes."
My penis was lying down on the top of my left thigh but it was still quite engorged. Niki got some more water and proceeded to wash me. My penis began to swell. She then turned her attention to my penis, which had started to lift. She soaped it up with the flannel and it became fully erect. (She's used to seeing me with an erection, as I get one in front of her most mornings.) She dried me off and just patted my penis dry. She then turned to her right, (away from me) bent over to get the moisturiser from the toiletries bowl. She was a bit closer this time and square on and once more her skirt rode up and I saw her pussy clearly now. She was hairless from what I could see and she had protruding pussy lips and they were clearly wet! She rummaged in the bowl for the small tube of moisturiser for what seemed like an eternity, with her wet and glistening pussy facing me! I wanted to feel it and eat it!
By now I was very, very excited, (Judging by her wet pussy, I think she was too!) my pulse was racing and my penis was very, very erect and I could feel it pulsating and throbbing, as a bead of precum oozed out. I wanted and needed to masturbate and cum.
As Niki stood back up I, nervously, swallowed and spoke.
"I think you better give me a minute."
"As it's your birthday, would you like me to relieve you?"
I couldn't believe what I was hearing and I am sure that my penis swelled even more.This had been a fantasy of mine for years.
I nodded.
"Er, yes."
She put the moisturiser on the bed and curled the fingers of her right 'gloved' hand around the top of my penis and wiped the precum over my penis head with her thumb, and then gripped my penis but not too tightly. She started to pump it! Not too fast and not too slow. Down...up. Down...up. Down...up. I was in heaven and thinking of her wet pussy and what it would feel like around my cock.
"Do you like that John?"
"Ooooh god yes. It's lovely."
She only had to pump it about half-a-dozen times or so, before I felt my cum building up.
"I'm going to cum!"
Niki continued pumping but she slowed right down, tightened her grip and pulled my foreskin right back, pausing for a moment as she did so. My head lifted off the pillow and my legs went stiff and straight.
"I'm cumming!"
I squirted a long rope of cum that flew into the air about two feet, coming to rest on Niki's arm as she continued to, slowly, milk my penis. I did about two or three very little squirts, that went on her fingers and then I just oozed a little bit. Niki was still, slowly, milking my penis, pulling the foreskin right back, until every last drop of cum came out.
"Happy birthday John."
Niki then let go of my penis and picked up the flannel. She held my penis again and wiped away the cum. I jumped.
"Sorry John."
She wiped the cum off her arm, picked up the towel and patted me dry. She then disappeared into the bathroom to change her gloves.
"Now, where was I?"
My penis was still quite engorged and quite erect, as she applied some moisturiser to my face. Then she got me dressed and into my wheelchair, stopping only to wipe up the excess cum which had leaked out, my now, shrunken penis.
When I went into the living room, I saw that she had bought me some flowers and there was a present and card on the table.
"Excuse me a minute John."
Niki went to the bathroom, maybe to pee or to finger herself. I was thinking and imagining the latter and my penis started to grow as I pictured her fingering herself in my mind. She returned a few moments later and opened my card, then the present. It was a light grey polo shirt.
"Thank you Niki."
"You're welcome John."
Since then, there has been no 'awkwardness' between us, she has just been 'Niki' the carer. Actually, over the next few mornings that followed my birthday, I continued to get an erection in front of her and on one of those mornings I was feeling rather horny as I was thinking of her wet pussy.
"Can you give me a minute. Unless you want to stay?"
"No thanks John. I will go."
So, it was a birthday treat then! Roll on next year.
I wonder if she will make an exception for Christmas!