All my life, I've only lived with people with whom I was intimately acquainted. A year after I finished grad school, however, I found myself under-employed and woefully underpaid. My options were move back in with my parents (unthinkable) or scour Craigslist for the cheapest roommate ad I could find. That's how I met Amber.
Big tits, an equally-proportioned ass and a shock of red hair that somehow screamed "Stripper!" even more than the rest of her body. The first time we met -- at would soon becomeourapartment --I thought living with this chick would be constant torture. She looked like she got around, but would be smart enough not to dabble with someone she shared rent with, meaning I was in for a 12-month lease of listening to one of the hottest women I'd ever laid eyes on getting railed ten feet from where I was trying to sleep. But I was desperate, and a year of sexual frustration beat the option of my mom waking me up for work every morning.
So Amber and I knocked back some drinks, I put my name on the lease and started moving in the next night. After she had my signature, she revealed that my first instincts were correct, she was a stripper (or "exotic dancer," as she phrased it) and as I learned on night one, she liked to bring her work home with her. Often.
"I want you right here," said the male voice in the living room around 4 am.
"No, baby," Amber giggled. "I have a roommate now, but...ungh....ah, fuck it. He seems cool." From there, I heard it all. The walls were incredibly thin. At first, I cursed the gods, realizing that I would never get a full night's sleep sharing space with this vixen. Then, I thanked them, when I found out she gave off sex sounds that would give a monk a raging hard-on.
"Oh, yeah! FUCKING GIVE IT TO ME!" Amber screamed. The slapping flesh sounds led me to believe she was being pounded doggystyle, her fabulous tits swinging free or being groped from behind. All feelings of voyeur-shame faded as I pulled my dick out and began to stroke it.
"I thought you said you have a roommate now," the male visitor said, obviously not giving a fuck who he disturbed.
"Oh, fuck him, just fucking fill me up with your cum!" Amber screamed. From the sound of it, they both got off at the same time. I joined them, blowing a massive load at the thought of pussy I would likely never get and be constantly taunted with.This will be fun, I thought, as I cleaned myself off,and potentially horrible.
The next morning, I was looking forward to beginning the weekend with laundry, drinks with friends, and not a thought of my temptress roommate. With one step out of my bedroom, however, I found that would be impossible. I'd become accustomed to living alone and ventured out for the shower wearing nothing but a pair of boxer shorts. The kitchen was directly across from my room and Amber was there, cooking what appeared to be an elaborate breakfast in nothing but matching black, lacey bra and panties.
"Oh, hey," she said. She was obviously surprised, but made no effort to cover herself up. I, on the other hand, made every effort to conceal my instant erection. "I was wondering when you'd wake up. Want some breakfast?"
"Um...sure, yeah," I stammered.
"I hope you don't mind that I'm not wearing much," she said, demurely. "It gets so hot in here when I'm cooking and..." she turned toward and immediately caught sight of the growing tent in my shorts. "Well, it looks like you're okay with it," she said with a giggle and a smile that nearly caused me to blow a load on the spot.
"Ha, sorry about that," I managed to say.
"Oh, honey, don't ever apologize for a hard-on. Each one is a gift from God."
"Hey, do I have time to hop in the shower before breakfast?" I asked.
"Take as much time as you need." She smiled knowingly and made a show of bending down to get a pan from the drawer under the stove.
She had my number. As soon as the bathroom door was closed I turned on the shower and began to beat off furiously. I quickly came so hard I was sure she heard my ecstatic moan.
I made a show of taking a long shower, but when I came back out to the kitchen, I could tell Amber wasn't convinced. "Have a good time?" she asked with a smile. She gave a cruel laugh as she dished up some scrambled eggs. I sat down before she could see that my raging hard-on had returned with full force. I didn't think I could be any more turned on than I was at that moment. That night she showed me I was wrong.
I the evening, she went to work, and I went out with friends. I woke up late that night with an engorged beer bladder and stumbled to the bathroom, still slightly tipsy. I ran into Amber in the hall, seeing her in the dim light, I thought for a moment that I must be still sleeping and enjoying some kind of dream about a perfect sex goddess. She was wearing a red lace bra, with matching see-through panties with thigh-high gartered stockings. In her heels, her breasts were at perfect eye level. The hallway was more than wide enough for the two of us, but she made a point of brushing her soft, scented body against me as we past.
"Whoops, sorry, roomie," she said in the coy tone she used to torment me. "This hallway just isn't big enough. It's too small."
Just then, her bedroom door opened and hall filled with red-tinted light. I felt like a nocturnal insect sent scurrying for the dark. Before I could reach the safety of the bathroom, however, a perfectly muscled male specimen about a foot taller than myself darkened Amber's doorway. I mumbled something about how badly I had to piss and made my escape.
As I leaned against the door to catch my breath, I could overhear the two of them talking.
"Who was that?" asked the he-man.
"I told you I have a roommate," Amber cooed.
"You didn't say he was a dude." They both laughed. "Well, I hope he wasn't planning on sleeping tonight."
"It's okay, I think he likes it."
Sure enough, Amber and her stud of the evening kept me awake for one of the most glorious and terrible nights of my life. She moaned like a woman possessed as he pounded her in a way that seemed to rattle everything in the house that wasn't bolted down. When the man of the night came (and of course, he came several times) his scream/grunts made me wonder if I'd ever really orgasmed before and confirmed my suspicions that these two were getting a kick out of driving me crazy.
"Think your buddy next door liked the show?" Big Guy asked Amber during one fit of post-coital panting.
"I'm sure the little perv loved it," she laughed. They both broke into a fit of hysterics, that led to a fourth round of lovemaking as I continued to rub myself raw in a crazed fit of envious arousal. I couldn't tell from Amber's tone if she was serious or joking about her "little perv" assessment, but either way, I knew the time had come for this audience member to become a part of the show.
The next morning, I came into the kitchen to see Amber making breakfast again, this time fully topless, her perfect breasts so full that I had an incredible view even when she wasn't facing me. When she turned, I thought I'd cum in my pants. It wasn't just the sight of her perky D-cups that nearly brought me to climax (though that certainly didn't hurt), it was the fact that there was no more passive aggression in Amber's come-ons. She was playing the game full-tilt now, openly tormenting me.
"Hey, roomie," she said with her usual nonchalance as she suggestively licked her spatula. I could tell from the soiled plates on the table that last night's visitor had already eaten and left.
I couldn't take it anymore. She'd left me no choice and it's not like the tent in boxer shorts didn't reveal my desires anyway. I inched closer until Amber and I were face-to-face. She smiled knowingly as I brushed her hair aside and moved in to kiss her. She did nothing to protest, but just as our lips were about to touch, she broke into hysterical laughter. I felt my erection wilt instantly.
"I'm sorry, I'm sorry," she said between guffaws. "You're cute and you seem really nice, but...have you seen the guys I bring home? I like big, strong...Jesus I think this is the first time I've seen you soft." She laughed again and rubbed her hand lightly on my cock.
"I don't think there's any way you could please me, baby, but I have been teasing you a bit, so I guess we can have a little fun."
With that, she pulled my shorts down to my ankles and...stopped. "Oh, honey...,this might be your one chance and you do NOT want to be remembered like that. Make it hard for me and do it quick."
I began to jerk myself off as Amber massaged her breasts, shook her marvelous ass and generally gave me a free glimpse of what transfixed so many strip club patrons night after night. I figured it was a pity show and I had set my mind to taking full advantage by finally blowing a load in Amber's presence. Maybe it would relieve the tension and we could finally get on with the business of being platonic roommates.
"Not as bad as I thought," she remarked at the sight of my fully erect cock.
Just as I was about to explode she shimmied her way up to me, and shoved me so that I was lying flat in the table I'd been leaning against. Dishes crashed to the floor and with one motion, Amber straddled me and removed her panties.
By the time I realized what was happening, it was too late. The moment I'd dreamed about for the past week was about to come to fruition and I was sure to blow it. It was too late to dial myself down. Amber locked eyes, gave me a sultry smile and began to guide me into her. As soon as my tip touched her lips, however, I exploded in gushing humiliation.
Naturally, Amber returned to her hysterical laughter while trying to assure me that it was no big deal. She climbed off of me and collapsed to the floor in laughter. I ran to my room and dressed quickly for work. I ran out the door with a quick "see ya later." Once I safely reached my car, I wiped the sweat from my brow and wondered how I'd kill the next eight hours of my day off.
I divided my time equally between coffee shops and bars and came home buzzing in two conflicting ways. My caffeinated drunkenness seemed like a perfect metaphor for the past two weeks of my life: push and pull, pleasure and pain.
The only entrance to our apartment was through the living room. It was usually dark, as Amber was either still out or "entertaining" in her room by the time I got home. That night, however, the apartment was lit up like a film set and, sure enough, three digital cameras on tripods surrounded the couch.
The instant sensory overload was such that it took me a moment to make sense of what I was seeing: Amber was sprawled out in a corset and thigh-highs, which was good...her head rested in the lap of He-Man from last night, which was not so good.
"There he is," she sighed when I walked in.
"Whoops, don't mind me," I said, cringing at the sound of my own whiny excuse. As I made a bee-line for my bedroom, I heard Amber's sweet voice from behind me.
"Hold on. Come back," she teased.
I turned slowly, all too aware of the insta-rection I'd sprouted from the sight of Amber in those stockings.
"Didn't you say you went to film school?" I nodded. "We could really use a director." She gestured to the cameras and smiled in a way that nearly caused a stain on the front of my sweatpants.
"Looks like you're already working with a pretty good setup," I said.
"Yeah, but we want the full Hollywood treatment. C'mon, Scorsese, who doesn't love live porn?"
She had a point but her dude looked like the kind of asshole who shover me into lockers in high school, so I was in no hurry to help him get laid. "I'd need a full crew...gaffer, best boy, all that shit. I'll see ya in the morning," I said and started toward my room.
I didn't take two steps before Amber's giant, tatted up alpha friend shoved me onto the couch. I'm still not sure of he waved his stiff eight inches in my face on purpose or not.
"You're gonna stay there and you're gonna film it. Because that's what the lady wants, Eight Inch said. With that, I took my place behind the camera, figuring it was better than nothing. Amber looked at me and laughed. We met eyes and she pointed at my crotch. I looked down and realized that I'd not only pitched a tent, but made a small pre-cum dark spot on my gym shorts.
"Are you a virgin she asked?" She and Eight Inch both laughed, him cruelly. "I didn't mean it like that," she added.
"I'm not," I shot back. It was the truth, but I knew what she was getting at.
"Please stay and watch," she said with her mouth inches from his cock. "I feel like you could learn something. You can jerk off if you want to."
The Stud didn't seem too happy about it, but I abandoned the camera and took a place on the couch. At that point I couldn't have given less a shit what he wanted. If I wasn't gonna get to fuck Amber myself, I could at least have a front row seat.
Amber unzipped him, but never lost eye contact with me. She pulled out a nine inch porn star cock and smiled at me. The Stud smiled too, and threw me a middle finger behind her back.
"C'mon baby," she said to me. "Don't be shy. No one expects you to measure up."
I stood and pulled my shorts down. I had slightly less than half The Stud's length and nothing near his width. He chuckled and she slapped him on the chest.
"You want this ass tonight or not?" she asked him.
"Oh, I want it , baby," he replied. "Hell, I like that the nerd is gonna watch. He's gotta learn sometime."
Amber sucked him for a while longer, never breaking eye contact as I jerked my little cock. Then she took her lips off is cock, gave me a knowing smile and pressed her fingers to her lips. I felt instantly that we were in on some secret, but I didn't know what it was. She turned to The Stud and got ready to mount him.
"You like fucking me in front of some shrimp-dicked loser?" she asked him.
"Oh, yeah, baby. Let's show that little nerd how it's done."
She continued to stroke his cock, looked over her shoulder and winked at me.
"You gonna show him how I's done, baby? You want my sweet pussy that he'll never get?"
I saw his expression change from primed to pained. "Yeah, baby. I wanna fuck that ass so bad." She lowered her pussy then stopped just as he was about to enter her. Suddenly she got on all fours and presented herself in doggy position.
"Why don't you take me like this, so he can see my face?" She reached over to my easy chair and grabbed my hand.
"Ok, let's do this," he said. He seemed rushed and frantic.
He got into position and flipped me off again. He tried to penetrate but she moved her ass away. It happened a second time and Amber smiled at me all the while. Suddenly, I understood her game.
She backed her ass up and moved it around in a circular fashion, much to his frustration. The Stud looked like a blind man trying to plug a cord into a socket. With an embarrassed grunt he blew a massive load all over her perfect ass. He covered his eyes with his hand in shame. "Fuck!" he grunted. "I swear that never..."
"Whoopsie!" Amber interrupted as she squeezed my hand tighter. "Is this your first time, big boy? Lick it up and let a real man have a turn."
We both laughed and The Stud sensed the shift in the balance of power. He'd been hustled by a woman who'd been controlling men since puberty. At first I was chocked that he bent down and started lapping up his own jizz. Then I thought, who would pass up the opportunity to lick that perfectly C-shaped ass?
The real shock came seconds later when Amber walked over to me and grabbed my cock while positioning herself in my lap. The stud stood and started gathering up his clothes.
"This is all on tape, bitch," she said to The Stud and nodded toward the camera. "You sit right there and watch or it'll be all over the Internet tomorrow."
The Stud sheepishly took a seat on the leather couch. "Play with it, bitch," Amber commanded. The Stud started tugging his dick, but the defeated look on his face left little doubt that he didn't have another hard-on left in him. Worse, his shriveled state revealed that he was the ultimate "grower." Amber only hesitated from the tongue bath she was giving my cock and balls long enough to point and laugh at The Stud's mushroom cap and his desperate attempts to get it hard.
"Sometimes persistence pays off," Amber said as she climbed back on top of me and touched the tip of my dick with her pussy lips. "But not in his case." She let out a cruel laugh and held my dick a moment longer. She looked back at The Stud.
"Who's bigger now, mother fucker?" she asked him as I entered her. She moaned and began to bounce on my cock, tits, ass and beautiful red ponytail flying everywhere. I gave The Stud a subtle middle finger when she turned around to ride me reverse cowgirl.
Amber and I never fucked again, but from that day on, I was able to enjoy the ecstatic sex sounds emanating from her bedroom, knowing that I'd been there and the pleasure she alone was capable of giving shouldn't be limited to one man. Plus, now when I saw her stalking the halls in nothing but lingerie and heels, I felt no need to hide my raging erection. When we passed in the halls, she'd give it a quick squeeze, smile and whisper something in my ear. She knew just what she was doing. A true pro.