Hearing soft romantic music attracted Margo Needy like a magnet. She hadn't realized anyone was home tonight. Obviously she was wrong. Looking out her bedroom window she discovered only Brian's truck outside under the pole light along the circle drive. This type of music didn't seem his style. Curiosity led her to slip on one of her favorite mini dresses minus any undies. This was the same dress she wore when they had all taken Elliot to the airport three weeks ago. She had been very lonely the last few hours, so perhaps Brian might scratch her itch. These itches becoming quite intense with each passing day. The term nympho was easily matched with her need to be loved.
Barefoot she steps from her bedroom and finds the shock of her life. Dozens of tiny candles lit her way along the hallway, down two flights of stairs. A more vivid glow cascaded around her lower floor family room from the fireplace. Sitting in the dark upon her sectional was Brian Hancock nursing a beer and listening to of all things the singer Sade. He was wearing only boxers. stepping up behind Brian she leans on her arms over the sofa back and lets her hair dangle across his face and shoulders.
"You called?" She teases him with a palm led over to rub his chiseled chest.
"Dance for me."
"Mmmm!" She eases away and tiptoes around the sofa and stands atop her large oak coffee table, instantly grinding her body sensually. Hands moving over her dress to caress her body. Thin straps are guided from her shoulders and left alone as her hands played amid her long brown locks. Ignoring the dress it easily toppled to her chest reaching peaked nipples. Smooth Operator was certainly a perfect song to begin her emotional journey. Eyelids closed to feel the music she moves softly side to side allowing her hands to caress her chest drawing her dress beyond her nipples to well below them. Again ignoring the dress due to teasing her nipples with gentle fingertips circling around her areolas, the dress slid ever so softly to her hips. As one song ends it moves directly into Sade's Cherish the Day.
As the dress finally loses hold it follows her legs to hit the table. Nude she continued her siren dance. She knew Brian wanted her badly, he always did, so kept her eyes closed for the duration. The journey was mesmerizing. Turning her back to him she offers a stimulating dance that gave him a stunning flesh song. Her butt cheeks swaying slowly as her hands return to her hair. Another song fades, leading into The Sweetest Taboo.
A chill overcomes her as she feels fingers trailing her legs and caressing her ass. She refused to end her dance and turn. Finally, she had no choice as a hand taunts her own into a slow erotic turn.
"Keep your eyes closed." He tells her.
Obeying, she found his lips kissing her stomach, her hands moving to his scalp in loving adoration. Sensuality moves to her chest lightly nuzzling her nipples. Margo Needy was wet as hell. As Brian lingers she sighs and whispers, "I adore you."
No words reply, nor did she expect any. Lips move lower crossing her belly in a nomadic succulence. Now this is what Margo needed. To be romantically made love to. Drum beats to the song Feel No Pain excites her hormones. She wanted nothing more than for him to take her to her fur rug below. In her loss of muscle control she feels a weight step up behind her. Afraid to panic she endures the sudden appearance of a second set of hands. They were gentle, whishing her hair away from her neckline to kiss her neck just below the lobe of her ear. She melted. Had one of the other boys come home and joined Brian? This was perfectly fine by her. The sensuality and the music was intertwined to offer a rash of passion. She did not wish to face reality. Eyes remain sealed.
In a loop the Sade songs begin again with Cherish the Day. In her trembling soul more hands caress her from the side, she tenses but smiles reluctantly. All of the boys were home. They wanted to show her a night of true passion.
When more hands rub her calves she takes a deep breath. Jeffrey must be here as well. Five sets of hands. Fingers were roaming every inch of her. Kisses to her neck and stomach lead to warm exhales over her trickling pussy. A tongue upon her clit makes her head crane backwards at the bequest of intimate nerves.
Moans escape her amid rapid huffs of sensitivity. A hand palms her left cheek lovingly. That calculation in her mind, meant seven. "Oh my God!" She barely whispers. The hands thumb lightly pulls at her lower lip making her reel within her pleasure centers. Overwhelmed, she now feels six sets of lips succulently roaming her flesh. So warm, so tender, so expectant.
As the music ends with the applause of a live track, silence falls. The hands and lips fade away to leave her shivering. She couldn't take the abandonment and whispers, "Please." A single hand cups her lower back and guides her forward into mighty arms, drawing her from the table into his arms, holding her aloft as the music returns with Sade's Your Love is King. Margo clings to she presumed Brian and wraps her arms around his neck. Her legs circling his hips, the boxers were long gone. A python cock taunted her thighs and lower belly. In a backwards motion he carries her to the sofa and sits down carefully. She falls into him with starving lips, locating his, for a steamy make out session. Her hips lovingly gyrating over his girth, labia molding about his crown to tantalize her. The song switches to Nothing Can Come Between Us. She couldn't agree more. It truly was about faith and trust just as Sade spoke.
This meant keeping her eyes closed for the duration of this passion play. She does hear seats being taken all around her. She did not let it spook her. A hand leading to Brian's cock guided him into her pussy as they kissed. He let her do all the work. Her gyrations deep and slow, lost in love making. Their kiss sweltering and emotionally charged. His hands roaming her back, pulling her closer to his chest, her massive tits crushing against rock hard pecs.
"I love you." She manages between stealing his tongue fiercely.
Behind her found another soul kissing her shoulders. A single hand reacts by reaching over her shoulder to caress his scalp. A hand in her deep brown hair peels her kiss from Brian in favor of luring her into her intruders lips, a palm on her chin holds her in check to maintain his own passion. She accepted him without a second thought. She does her best to continue riding Brian in the balancing act. With her body arching backwards she finds two more sets of lips to each side of her sucking upon her nipples. A gasp is lost within her lovers mouth. A thumb lowered between her thighs softly rubs her clit amid her heartfelt thrusts. Brian was assisting her now with upward thrusts of his own.
Her muscles quaking, she knew she was closing in on an orgasm. Attention feeding upon her every step of her journey, she convulses and cums hard on Brian's cock. The second she loses her mind the kisses and touches fade. Brian pulls her back and cradles her in his arms, burying his face in her throat with warm kisses. She clings with ushered whimpers of delight. Breathless, her hands palm his face as she claims his lips as her own. With strength unexpected Brian takes them from the sofa into a standing position and fucks her standing up. Her legs barely holding her to his hips, her arms around his neck. Surprisingly, he sways to the soft music and carries her around the coffee table to the fur rug before the fireplace. Lowering them carefully he sprawls her out on to her back and fuels her kiss to keep her motivated. She sighed and caressed his ribs and shoulder at the same time. After a balmy five minutes Brian rears to his knees and vacates her without even cumming. She nasally whimpered, "Nooooo don't leave me." He does regardless. In her soul she knew what that meant. One of the others would replace him.
Still denying vision she awaits the outcome. She senses bodies surrounding her on the rug. Lips unite as a single force and devour her flesh in starving kisses and licks. Between her thighs a mouth frolics amid her labia, tantalizing then her clitoris. No fingers are inserted, merely a very amazing tongue that dug deep. She writhed in ecstasy at his talent, whomever it was. Uncaring at this point she relished in the swarm of lips sucking her nipples, her belly, her neck. None of them were being forceful, trying their best to be tender and devoted to her needs. Treated within minutes to a second orgasm she manages, "LOOOOOVVVVE MEEEEE!"
That they did.
Kiss after kiss greets her mouth. She passionately devoured them and fed with every ounce of her attentive desire. She knew by their kisses that not one of them were Eric, Cabot, or Heath. That meant Brian had invited new lovers. She found herself sad, yet fulfilled. Feeling for all intent and purpose that Brian was whoring her out. If not for their tenderness she might retaliate, yet this whole ordeal felt wonderful. Why ruin a good fantasy being fulfilled she thought. Still, Brian had indeed overstepped his authority. His anything goes rule should have at least been ran by her. In the future she would make herself clear concerning using her like this. Not wanting to make a scene and have these others be mad at Brian, she merely improvised that she most certainly loved their attention. Truth known, she did. A little too much. A lot!
Then came her first courter. Taking her missionary with a deep penetration, yet not bestial. She was still being made love to. Her swarm of kisses faded away yet again so that her invader could share intimacy with her all to himself. She gave it her all, her body caressing his, toes tickling the man's hips and lower back as he slowly filled her hole with a deep admiration. Five minutes of melded passion, with a tremble her lover escapes her hole and fades away as if a ghost. Silence chills her soul. Incoming, her next four in a row followed in sequence. Each spending quality time giving her even more in depth orgasms. With each departure she would hear, "I love you." whispered sweetly into her ear. She returned it with a hungered verse much louder, emotionally expectant of even more. As her final two join forces laying to each side of her she is guided to her own left side. As the man behind her lifts her leg gently, he scoots closer and claims her pussy from behind. The man in front of her outstretched kisses her throat and caresses her breasts with a sensitive roam of lightly touching fingertips. A third man whomever he was took the initiative to kneel between everyone and suck lightly upon her toes.
Margo Needy just could not get enough. Her vocalized words meant to coax more out of her gathering. "Thank you Brian. I adore your friends. If I get this kind of treatment all the time you may invite them more often." That led her paramours to usher their own response. She heard many things suddenly.
"I could make love to you every night." to "You're the most beautiful woman I know." and, "You deserve to be treated like a Goddess." She most certainly agreed. Her eyes had no desire to open and view her lovers. The sensual attachment to their touch was enough. Let them come and go in the night without knowledge of her partakers. Her late husband Darryl would have been proud of her.
Why had Brian not replied? Had he left her to be preyed upon? Did it matter at this point? Not in the least. Margo was totally prepared for a long night. Eventually, her other roommates would return home from work and perhaps join this harem of men at her beckon call, she theirs. More desires spoken were in question, "Do you want more of this from us?" to "Shouldn't you seduce us?" Her frontal attendee halts his kiss to her lips and merely caresses her hair. It was obvious they all required an answer.
"Yes. Love me as often as you like. Treat me as your Goddess. I will never deny any of you."
"Should you seduce us?" Came the original reciter of the question, verbalized a second time.
"Is this what you all wish of me?" She whispers with a nibbled lower lip, listening intently. A unanimous, "Yes." makes her smile. Before she could reply, her lovers claimed her breath and soul for another ten minutes, her orgasms met yet again in their tantalizing attempts at romance. In her sobering thoughts, she wondered only one thing...why had none of them cum? She had not even heard a single climactic grunt. How disappointing. They deserved so much more than to go home without release.
As she lay trembling to more body attentive kisses, she hears footsteps coming down the stairs. A jingling noise of many bottles accompanied the new arrival.
"Anyone ready for a cold beer?"
It was Brian. In her adventure he must have indeed slipped away to get beer. Had he abandoned their home and left her to strangers? Surely not, it was a 14 mile round trip to Wildwood. He must have had them in the bed of his truck. Left unprotected did not settle well with Margo, yet she kept that too herself under all of her probing lips. Her pussy being eaten once again helped her thoughts avoid temperament. A long talk with Brian would wait until tomorrow.
Bottles were passed around and Margo found her courters abandoning her. Remaining vigil she caught her breathe and heard the men drinking, even toasting her. Brian himself decided to plop down and lay next to her twitching body. She knew it was him by his smug sigh.
"How are we feeling Momma Margo?"
"Delightful. You were not here when I thanked you."
"Beer run. Figured I better blow out that army of candles before I caught my new home on fire."
"At least you were thinking of my home, if not of me."
"Of you too." She heard his reply as, "Love you too." Taking his bottle of ice cold beer Brian trails it over her tummy, then up over each nipple. She shivers and arches her back with a hiss of pleasure at cooling her overheated flesh
"Mmmmmm! That feels wonderful." More men move in to swarm her with frigid coolness, ten bottoms of bottles sat upon her flesh until she yelps giggling at too much. "Now it's coooooold."
"Nips are full tilt." Brian chuckles.
"They always are. Doctors orders." She sighs heavily.
"Why do you still have your eyelids closed?" A man asks.
"Because I want to feel, not witness your love. I have no plans on opening them. I do hope you are all just getting your second wind. Why have none of you cum for me? I've had multiple orgasms tonight. Thank you by the way."
"Best for last is all." Brian chuckles.
"Oh?" Curiosity made her wetter than ever.
"Time for you to seduce them." He nods to his friends who made their way over from various schools that he had wrestled back in High School. Including his stepsister's boyfriend Braedon Wilkes, let him explain it to Gwen, Brian wasn't going to admit his being here, selfishly hoping they would break up anyway so that he could have her. Topic for another day.
"So my love making is over?" She pouted.
"Landlady?" Brian sighed.
"Yes my handsome tenant?"
"We gave you what you wanted. Your turn."
"I see. Is this what you all want?"
"YESSSSSSSSSS!" A universal echo made her slowly sit up to regain circulation in her limbs.
"Brian? Do you have the stereo remote?"
"Close enough." A man hands it to him.
"Select track 1002."
Brian utilizes the remote punching in her aforementioned code. As the song begins everyone raises their beers to salute her choice. That Sade stuff was getting annoying to the young bucks. It still got them what they wanted. Atmosphere meant everything. This new breath made the men call out "HELL YES!!"
"BRIAN?" She snaps, "GO TO YOUR ROOM." Smirking, he looked to his friends and walked away, leaving her to the wolves.
The song change switches to Lil Kim's Magic Stick. In response every dick there was gripped and stroked to full strength, men dancing all around bragging over their own magic sticks. Brian had to wince at seven of his buddies proudly jerking and singing along with a chorus of WHUT! WHUT! Disturbing to only Brian, who just blushes and laughs at their antics.
Rising to her feet, Margo with her eyes sealed tight joins in dancing seductively moving around the room by memory. She knew her lovers were in her way so she used their clustered union to rub up on and grind against. Dicks touching her from three sides in their shared respect for the song. Feeling a cock rolling between her butt crack she leaned back against him with her arms over her head to hold his scalp and draw his mouth into kissing her shoulder. Hands find her breasts squeezing them via both men at her sides. A man moves in front of her and bends at the knee to taunt her clit with a grazing crown. Now the fever was rising. Brian stood up and leaned against a wall watching her work. The woman was mind blowing seductive.
Hands abandoning her tail gunner she moves forward bringing hands holding her breasts along with her, dancing between the two of them, her palms to their faces. The man in front of her used his bottle between her thighs making her take a shrill deep breath then offered a grinning, "So mean." Her hands wag fingers at him as she rushes him and grips his cock singing, "I've got the magic stick." Shaking her ass she sways all the way to her knees and draws him in to suck his cock seductively, tongue rolling over his foreskin for an effective communion of , "There it is."
Not playing with him too long she only finishes the song before biting his balls to laughter. The track moves into Ludacris's What's Your Fantasy. Leaping to her feet she gathers her location and knows her destiny without bumping her knee on the coffee table. Finding her next candidate she slaps his chest and pushes him violently backwards until he falls on to the sofa. Men around them decide to pick up the massive table and scoot it back for room. As he topples, Margo crawls into his lap and dances over him, her thighs bouncing up over his beefy cock wagging between them. The man couldn't stop laughing. She stormed his lips kissing hard, her hands surrounding his scalp to force the issue, tits crushing and rubbing against his lightly chiseled chest. The man lost all train of thought.
Song changing to Shawnna's Gettin' Some Head led her to abandon him for the man next to him who had thrown his weight into a sure fire candidate. He grips her arm and yanks her over to him. Roughly he forces her to rotate her body so that her legs moved over his upper body, knees propped on his linebacker like shoulders. Tearing up her pussy in his face made her yelp and locate his cock. Devouring each other in a sitting 69 for the duration of the song. Still no nutting. She was getting worried.
2 Live Crew's Me So Horny takes over the room and the sofa switches residents. Launching Margo as if a feather she finds herself dragged over three different laps face down. A dick in her face is instantly swallowed in her ferocious hunger. The other two men rubbed her back and played with her ass. Masculinity called for spankings. In her lounging she found her ass red after a lengthy series of swats. Between them her butt was caressed gently, while fingers found her pussy and fucked her in rapid session. Hips rising to accept her fate she whimpered hard while throating the cock in her possession. Once more Margo Needy had a screaming orgasm. They still had not cum.
Next up David Banner's Play makes the men holding her roll her over. A strong hand forces her own fingers to her clit making her play with herself. She loses her mind as her hair is gripped and nipples get pinched hard. "Work that clit." They sing along. "Trying to get your pussy wet. "David sang That she does, as if it wasn't already, it was squirting as she cried out writhing in their laps. Margo Needy had all night.
Song after song created a frenzy amongst the men. Yanking her up after her own masturbation she sat backwards in a lap as a man primed his dick into her pussy. She embraced him with arms backwards around his scalp. Pounding upward she let him fuck her hard, men to each side swallowing her nipples. A man behind the couch dared to grip her hair and reach around to choke her. She loved the exchange of force.
"FUCK ME HARDER!" She screamed spitting under the strong hand at her throat. Wanting nothing more than to encourage them into rougher still, Margo hisses, "I GOT ALL NIGHT YOU PUSSIES." Oh that did it. A man on the floor sets his beer down and steps up on the sofa over her, held by friends until he gets into position and rams his cock into her mouth.
"OPEN THAT JAW!" He snaps patting her cheek. The man gripping her throat vacates to give him room to fuck her face. As difficult as it was he managed a miracle. Her face beet red under his depth charge, she gagged but stayed tough. Yet another man kneels below them and massages her clit during her dramatic moans. Writhing about at the sensitivity increase Margo lost her mind. The hostile takeover was doing its job. Even over the music she heard their loud verses of, "FUCK THAT SLUT." and "SHE DESERVES THIS SHIT." She could not agree more.
The guy fucking her throat slapped her cheek yelling, "TAKE IT DEEP." It stung a bit but she was willing to overlook it. Guys all wanting to be aggressive and in control of her destiny only fueled her desire to pleasure them. More choking tilts her head further back for her deep throat to be achieved. Of eight long inches she swallowed six. Margo Needy was a trooper. Losing her breath she grew woozy. Did it matter to them? Hardly. Did it matter to her? She knew she would be revived.
The testosterone was dynamic tonight. Smothered in men they all wanted more. She would realize why later when she looked up to see a camcorder recording every erotic slutty detail. For now, Margo endured, greedily. Somehow people managed their way in to hog her every body part. Fingers and toes sucked on, ass hole teased. Ribs kissed and licked. Time to orgasm Margo. AGAIN! AGAIN!
Gushing around her fuck buddy's cock she tensed up for a multiple squirt. Throat fucked hard, her nose pinched shut for effect, she just couldn't stop flooding her family room floor. Even the man kneeling to destroy her clit found himself drenched and laughing about it. Above her the man fucking her mouth nuts hard coating her airways. Choking as he pulls out she spits up and wags her tongue at him to torment his ego. She heard him call her a bitch. Not really. She just wanted more.
"Turn this cunt around." Another stepped up. The guy fucking her pussy relented and Margo was forcefully yanked to her feet and roughly twisted to face her partner. Straddling him she was back in the saddle and fucking him of her own volition. The man who ordered the switch dropped down over her and forced her to stop long enough to DP her in the ass. Once penetrated the rodeo began in earnest. Margo screaming at the seesaw effect terrorizing her every nerve. Gusher after gusher soaked her lovers. Finalizing his own dedicated jet stream the man in her pussy erupts hard into her. That alone sent her yelping rapidly.
Upstairs Brian Hancock worried. He sat at the dining table counting money. "Bitch is worth every fucking dime." He chuckled one second then stressed for her safety the next. He wanted to go down and direct his filmmakers but she had ordered him out. Normally, he might not listen being the smug bastard he was, but he liked it here at Needy Manor. If she needed him she would scream. Right? "FUCK!" He jumped from his seat knocking his chair backwards. Leaving it he paced the floor looking down into the basement from the top of the steps. Money pocketed he grits his teeth at, "DP those holes." He knew she liked DP but she was definitely giving the group a helping of deafening screams. To an extent it was beautiful music to his ears. Yet, if she got hurt this was solely on him for bringing in his buddies. Nervously, he broke and ran downstairs to find her covered in men from all sides. Even in her DP prison, men were still pulling her hair and choking her. Guys using her hands to jack off them off at her sides. Fingers prying her mouth wide. Brian was blown away. This was better than any gangbang porn he had ever watched.
"Holy crap Margo." He moves closer to make eye contact with her. She flutters troubled eyelids unable to process her thoughts. "GUYS!!" He attempts to get their attention. In hearing Brian she shakes her head and mumbles, "NOOOOO!" She did not want this to end. A gurgling, "GO AWAY." left Brian saddened. Instead of abandoning her he moved behind her out of her field of vision to observe his friend Shawn videotaping the DP action between the legs of all involved. It was fucking incredible, Shawn smirking at his captured porn.
"We're gonna be rich Bro. This bitch is better than Jenna Jameson in her prime."
"Told ya. Remember that video stays with me. Don't even try and steal it."
"We gonna make more of these movies with her?"
"Hell yes we are. Elliot's Mom is the perfect porn slut. She loves me so I got her hooked."
The ferocity of her DP divers had Margo pinned hard between them. Her tits crushed into her sprawled out pussy tapper. Men around her however were dispersing giving her a chance to catch her breath. Brian grew his balls back watching and eased back into her sight.
"How we feeling Mom?"
"You're grounded young man." She huffs blowing sweaty strands of hair out of her eyes and lips. Her retort made the guys laugh.
"You about done?"
"Only if these pussies are." She breaks her vow and opens her eyes.
Her penetrators growled as one, both closing in on detonation plans. Margo in response looks at Brian with a wince, "Obviously not. Fill me up Boys." She pants as they strain hard, shaking limbs ready for a final release. Squealing at the throbbing within her holes Margo braced for their promised eventuality. "CUM YOU PANSIES." She snaps trying to ride them hard, but finding two dicks in her at once difficult. Still, what she managed was enough. Both men opened fire inside her making Margo roll her eyes back and feel their tunneling semen hitting hard wherever they spat. "YESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS!"
Shawn captured her facial pleasure giving Margo her first look at the camcorder. She flared her eyes at it, then toward Brian leaning on the sofa back with narrowed gaze. He expected anger, maybe disappointment. Instead Margo Needy puckers and blows a kiss at the camera.
"I want more cum." She beguiles the camera with a look of need. Her soft tone turning everyone on all over again.
"You heard the whore Fellas." Brian chuckled.
Depriving her of their dicks the DP twins pull out in a nasty web of stringy jizz. Shawn capturing their retreat whispered, "Fuck yeah." The second crowns slip past her openings she lets out a gasp of loss. Men standing around waiting for their chance leap through the vacancy and manhandle her. A strong grip to the back of her neck forces her from the couch and on to the white rug below. On her knees she greets a gauntlet of five. Only her DP boys had fell to the wayside catching their breath.
Dicks surrounding her close in jerking off. She searches each of them and gropes two while two others crowd in to taunt her face with slapping cocks. Her mouth wide and drooling they continue bitch slapping her features, trying hard to get her to suck them off. Not to disappoint Margo eyes cameraman Shawn climbing up on her large coffee table for a downward shot. Finding it awkward Brian shook his head and motioned Shawn to climb up on his shoulders for a pan down within the inner circle. Margo grinned and drew her hand held cocks closer to smother her face. Moving from each of them in short throat thrusts she made her rounds until all five dicks had sampled her tongue. Two of them attempted to plant both of their dicks between her lips at once. She fought hard to achieve that goal dedicating herself to giving them nothing but her finest performance. Two crowns feed her stretched mouth, her eyes wide and looking at the camera with hunger in her gaze.
"Smother the Mother." Brian laughs.
While both cocks share her mouth, the other men circulate closer and drape their cocks right over her face rolling them about as if runaway serpents. Margo Needy wanted to laugh but maintained her seductiveness. It was no lie that she was having a ball. Relieving her mouth Margo giggled and gave chase trying to capture her sneaky snakes. Each of them finding her mouth at one point of another. Finally, her five warriors begin jerking off over her face. Jaw wide and tongue wagging with expectation she awaited her shower of affections.
"Paint that canvas." Brian laughed as Shawn captured her greedy eyes darting about. One by one they shot loads of creamy white succulence over her face. Eyes wide without blinking she hoped not to be blinded and bestowed with an eye infection. The risk was taken, not a single blink. It was close, cum was dripping low from her eye brow. Her chin and cheeks splattered, nose trickling, tongue licking her lips. Margo was a mess of magnificence.
As the circle dispersed Margo looked up at Brian and crawled on her knees toward him. At his feet she reaches up and unfastens his jeans, lowering them to reveal his gallant beast once again under different circumstances. Rising to kiss his crown she removes her hands and wallows under his trunk nuzzling beneath his balls, his erection over her face smearing the cum of others all over her. Brian was too turned on to be grossed out. Shawn dug her approach panning down perfectly to witness her adoration of Brian Hancock. Finally, Brian himself took charge and jerked off over her face. She nuzzled him the entire time he stroked his nine iron. Lips puckering over his urethra as he began moaning loudly, her tongue desiring his final scene. Shawn still over Brian's shoulders had trouble hanging on the second Brian's body started to spasm. A steady camera shot became impossible. Along for the ride Shawn bore witness to a cascade of winter white peppering Margo's mouth. Shooting directly down her throat the young men all admired her achievement.
Lingering there Margo takes his trembling dick and wraps both hands around his girth, stroking him for final droplets. While he teeters there Brian sighs and gives Shawn the money shot. "Lay back Mom." Margo licking her lips of cum eases away and lays back, legs spread and touching herself. The look in her eye told them all that the Cougar could go all night, possibly two. Digging into his pocket Brian produces the roll of cash and holds it over Margo. Releasing the bills into a flutter of presidents that attacked her sweaty flesh, she brightens up.
"Brian?" She looks shocked.
"$1,400 bucks. Turn the damned AC on."
Margo Needy found her stereo remote laying next to her. Recalling a track number from a playlist she triggered a song that fit the mood, Pink Floyd's Money.
"Ka-ching Slut." Brian laughed.
She rolled in the dough.
"CUT! That's a rape."
Everyone busted up, including Mrs. Needy.
Mom was soooo cool.
Well, once the AC got turned on.
================
Coming soon: Cougar House 23 : ICY HOT
(Note : A shout out to my buddy Sanchez for suggesting this chapter's title of BOOM BoXXX. Thanks buddy.)