Chapter 11 -- A Three And A Half-some

I was a little troubled about Hera's revelations of the previous evening. I had spent so many years wrapped up in my own social and sexual insecurities that I'd never given much thought to the idea that others would be suffering from them as well. I knew now that Tethys, Megan, and now Hera had gone through some major emotional challenges that had been part of the shaping of their sexual identities. I knew that Carl had his self-image issues as well before Tethys entered his world. I wondered about the others in our group -- Henri, Sonia, Joe, and Joanne. Could we all be compensating for some unresolved issues in our respective pasts? Maybe not so much Joe and Joanne, they'd been raised in this lifestyle and it was normal for them. On the other hand, nearly everyone I knew had some sort of relationship issues, including my coworkers in the software business, and hardly any of them "compensated" by having open, polyamorous, swinging sex lives. Maybe, I thought, the reasons for being sexually compatible with us were as varied as the people themselves could be, and I shouldn't worry aboutwhythey were into our style of shared group sex, but only the fact that they were happy doing it. I was feeling pretty well adjusted to it myself by now.
Beth met me at work with a twinkle in her eye. "So," she began, "how did things go with your friend last night?"
It was time to stop being annoyed. She obviously had gotten over her initial offense, and seemed now to be far more interested in titillation. I couldn't begin to fathom why, and it wasn't my job to entertain her. I was a professional, she was a professional, and I preferred to keep our relationship at that status. By now I'd told her so a couple of times. I was the one now within my rights to take this upstairs and have her dealt with. But I saw no reason to do that. I was beginning to see where she was coming from, maybe. Unless I was wrong, which wouldn't have been surprising either.
"Things went very well," I answered with a smile. I offered no additional information. She paused for a second, an expectant look on her face. I simply smiled again.
"You're working on the database interface code, right?"
She looked crestfallen. "Yes, I've got most of it done. The glue code to Oracle is as straightforward as it can be under the circumstances. I think the functions are sequestered well enough. Have you guys ever considered dumping Oracle and replacing it with Postgres?"
"You're preaching to the choir," I shrugged. "I've made that argument for years. We'd save on licensing and maintenance fees, and I think we'd end up with a more stable platform, but management claims the conversion would be too labor intensive." I was gratified that she would even be thinking along those lines.
"It would be labor intensive to rip Oracle out and replace it with Postgres," she admitted. "But this whole program is pretty antiquated. We could redo the whole thing from scratch with newer tools and a more efficient architecture. It would be faster, less buggy, easier to maintain, and it would probably be less work than patching it all the time."
"Once again, the heavenly chorus," I told her. "If you can come up with a way to convince the higher-ups of that, and pry them away from Oracle salespeople, maybe we can stop financing Larry Ellison's private island."
"Well, why don't we discuss it over lunch," she smiled. "I'll buy."
I was on to her. "You have something else you want to talk about over lunch, I think." I sighed. "Better there than here in the office, though. Your curiosity worries me."
"Don't worry, I'm not a cat," she said sweetly. "I have good reasons, and believe me Taylor, I'm not a threat. I promise."
"All right," I shook my head. "But not at the Nerd Deli. The whole staff eats there. Some place a little more out of the way."
"Ooh, a private lunch! I feel like I'm on the fast track," Beth giggled.
"You'll be on a fast train out of here if you make this disruptive," I warned. I hoped she wasn't going to try to come on to me. She was already pushing it. "Now lets see what you've put together so far."
I called up her daily submissions and sat her beside me as we conducted a quick review. I had to admit she did good work. The code was clean, well organized, readable, and looked functional. It wasn't quite bug free, though.
"Don't you think you should have put the 'return_replace' connector in a private function?"
"Oh shit, I thought I had done that," she said. "That'll only take a few minutes to fix."
"Ok, do that, and then continue the links on the other tables. And I think Mike has put together a couple of new many-to-many subtables that he says are ready to insert. Make sure everything's re-normalized when they get in there. And if you have a good executive summary for a new Postgres-friendly architecture that management can digest, pitch that to me over lunch, and we can talk."
"I told you Taylor, I'm not a threat."
"Well, you are a bit puzzling at best. Let's meet at the China Wok at noon, if you can stand a Chinese buffet."
"I've had lunch there three times already in two weeks. I haven't seen anybody else from the office, though."
"That's good," I nodded. I lowered my voice conspiratorially. "You already know more about me than anybody else in this place. Let's keep it that way. I don't want to mix business and pleasure."
"No danger, Boss," she repeated.
We went over her ideas as we ate, and it turned out that more than half of them were arguments I'd already used, and had already been rejected. A few moments of introspection convinced us that there was still hope, however.
"Don't take this the wrong way," I said, looking across the table at her, "but you're a very attractive woman."
Beth blushed, and I noted that made her just a touch more attractive. It was an attractiveness that I knew would trigger most men, and would have affected me as well before I'd been ruined by Tethys. She had generous sized breasts, much larger than what I was accustomed to. She could have been described as "curvy," not overweight in the least, but a bit more fleshy then the women I was enjoying at present. Her face was very pretty, high cheekbones, a classic straight nose, smooth skin with a healthy peach color, hair full and shiny, a medium brunette with a slight wave. Her eyes were a shiny and mischievous blue, and her mouth had those slightly naughty upturned corners that made her look perpetually about to spring a trap on someone. I had a feeling she could be a pistol if she wanted to be.
"I suspect that's part of the reason you were hired, although it doesn't make me feel good to say that," I continued. "You've probably noticed that you're the only woman in any of our technical departments. This is a male-dominated industry to begin with, and our company is even worse than average. So we'd been talking about hiring women to at least take some of the social pressure off. I guess that makes you the token female."
"Well, that's nice to know. So all I need to do is either to sex up my outfits, or else be twice as competent and work twice as hard as the men for less credit, just to keep my job."
"You've got the competence part down already, Beth. I have to say I've been impressed by the quality of your work so far." She smiled involuntarily, and radiantly at that.
"But for our purposes at the moment," I mused, "you don't need to sex up your outfits, but I think old George Lundas in the executive suite might respond more positively to your feminine wiles than to the logical power of your argument. I know he wasn't impressed with my version of it, but coming from you he might forget that it's a logic he's already rejected."
"So we need an airtight proposal, with a seductive presentation? I could do that."
"I don't like it," I shook my head. "It might bring short-term success for this one idea at the expense of your long-term credibility."
"We may need a few more lunches to hash out our approach." There was that smirk again.
"One advantage you have is that you aren't easily discouraged," I gave her an eye roll. "How many times have I told you to mind your own business?"
"And I've toldyouI'm not a threat. I haven't mentioned this to anyone else, and I'm not going to. Ever." Beth rested her chin on her palms as she sat.
"Look, Taylor, I'm sorry I over-reacted to that picture. It was so unexpected, I admit I was shocked. I was already feeling vulnerable in a new environment, and I didn't know where I stood. I felt like the first thing I had to do was defend myself. I didn't mean to give you the impression I was rubbing it in or using it as leverage against you. I just had to figure out where I fit into all this, and... I was just unprepared."
"I'll repeat again," I said. "I'm sorry you had to see that, and I can understand how it could have been taken as a form of intimidation. You know by now that wasn't my intent."
"I do know it, and honestly, it's not something that would normally bother me. And I am curious, even though I know it' none of my business."
She tilted her head a little to one side, and leaned towards me.
"Most people don't know this about me, Taylor, but one of my hobbies is writing fiction. I like writing erotic fiction. I don't make money at it, I've had a few short stories published on a website that's not too picky about literary quality, but I'm trying to get better at it. I'm interested in alternative relationships so I can write about them. I've never had one and don't really plan to, but I'd like to have some understanding of them so I can depict them with some credibility. Up until now, I've never known personally anyone involved that way. So it's like you fell into my lap, and I want to know how it works. That's why I'm interested."
"Ok, for art," I chuckled. I'd heard Tethys use the term recently, and I was going to run with it.
"For art," she smiled back.
"You want to make us characters in your great novel?"
"Not necessarily, but I'd like to have some background understanding. Details, anecdotes, feelings, psychological interpretations, all that."
"That's all stuff I'm still struggling with myself," I confessed. "It's not like I've been doing this all my life, and I guess most people don't, so my experience may not be typical."
"Can you start with an executive summary?" she asked. "Maybe that will help me the most right now."
What the hell. I guessed there wasn't much left to lose, and it was better to have Beth as an ally than an antagonist, especially considering the professionally disruptive quest we were about to embark on. There would be a certain amount of reciprocity involved in this, once I'd opened up to her, I expected she would owe me something in return. With her software talents now obvious, she would be an asset to my department, and having her loyalty would be valuable.
"Ok," I conceded, "Not too much detail, I hope. Are you writing this down?"
"I'm listening," she whispered. "And concentrating. I'll remember."
"Good, it's probably better not in writing. To begin, Tethys, my girlfriend, is not the monogamous type. She's very honest, and I've known it from the beginning. When I met her, she was in a casual relationship with another guy, who also did not expect her to be exclusive. I've been with her for a year and a half, and for the first year of that, she was seeing both him and I, but we weren't seeing anybody else."
"Why not?"
I shrugged. "I'm a nerd, and socially awkward, and not good with women."
"I would have never guessed that," she said with a small giggle.
"Well, to steal a Monty Python phrase, 'I got better.' She's a big part of the reason for that."
"Did the three of you ever get together at the same time," she asked hopefully.
"A couple of times, he's a good guy, and she would have liked to do that more often, but he's as much of a social recluse as I am, and the logistics weren't in our favor either."
"OK the first year," she nodded. "What about the last six months?"
"She met another couple, Sonia and Henri. Those are the people you saw in the picture. Sonia's a model, a songwriter and a singer in a band, and Henri's a chef, a real master culinary artist. She met Sonia first, they got involved, then Sonia brought Henri in. Sonia went on tour for a few months to Asia and Australia, so for that time Tethys was seeing me, Carl, and Henri on a rotating schedule. It was a juggling act, for sure."
"And you were still seeing nobody else?"
"No, although Tethys kept encouraging me to go out with other women. For a while I thought she might be setting things up so she could break up with me without feeling bad. But really, she just thought it was unfair for her to be getting all the action and Carl and me being left out. Carl was in the same boat as me, he wasn't the type to just go out and date easily either."
"So what you have is an open relationship where she's the only open one? It does seem kind of one-sided."
"It's not quite like that," I squirmed a little in my seat. "It may have been with Carl, he wasn't the kind to ask questions. They were just a 'friends with benefits' arrangement at the time, although it's gotten deeper since. Tethys and I were always kind of serious, for some reason. But no, she doesn't just go out and date whoever and whenever. She wouldn't have expected that of me, either. We're a team, so if there's anybody she's interested in, we discuss it first. She wouldn't see anybody I disapproved of, and I wouldn't go out with anybody unless she was happy with it."
"That's interesting. It seems complicated," Beth mused.
"It can be, but we kind of have a schedule worked out. She sees Carl three times a week, she sees me three times a week, and she keeps Thursday to herself. So if there's anybody else involved, they have to fit into the gaps. And yes, she has the physical endurance to handle it. I'd call her an athlete in that respect. She can sure wear me out.... Ummm, TMI. Strike that from the record."
"It sounds like she spends more time having sex than having a job," Beth crinkled her nose up into eyes. "What does she do for a living?"
"She's an artist, she sell paintings on the internet and through a couple of art galleries in town. She's not rich, but she does all right."
"You seem to surround yourself with artists," Beth remarked.
"I guess so, it just seems to have worked out that way."
"So now this Tethys of yours is involved with three gentlemen and a lady, and you're still limiting yourself to her?"
"Well, uh, things have gotten a bit busier just in the last couple of weeks," I shrugged. "Since Sonia got back from her tour, she's introduced us, and, well, that was kind of intense."
"And the lady you entertained last night?"
"Her name is Hera, she's a ceramics artist. Yeah, you're right, there's a lot of artists here. She sells sculptures through the same gallery that Tethys uses, and Tethys met her the week before last. She had one date with her, and then brought me in, so Hera's kind of part of our group now."
"That was fast. I see you two do a lot of vetting." I gave her a glare.
"We don't pick up random people off the street. That's why nothing was happening as far as other people for a long time. Things just kind of snowballed all at once."
"So how many people are you two involved with now?" she asked, almost skeptically.
"Well, we have what Tethys is calling a 'tribe'," I thought, trying to keep count. "There's Tethys and Carl and I, she's had Carl for two years and me for a year and a half, Sonia and Henri for six months, Hera for two weeks, Megan in the last week, and, oh yeah, there's Joe and Joanne. That's a couple Tethys and Carl met at Hippie Hollow a few weeks ago, and we've had them over with the rest of the group once. They'll be hosting all of us at their house on Sunday. I think the tribe is probably big enough for now.
"So now you've gone from a cuckold to having orgies? I wouldn't call that a stable relationship."
I glared again. "Look, if you're wanting to understand alternative relationships, you'll do a lot better if you leave your prejudices behind when you ask about them. They skew your interpretations, and you end up with an even more distorted picture than you started with."
"Ok, ok!" she lifted her palms in surrender. "You're right. I guess I just don't have another template for understanding this."
"You need a new template for sure," I said. "But even more, you just have to smash the one you have. It's irrelevant, it doesn't apply. Maybe you should talk to Tethys about this instead of me. It's not a random set of behaviors, she has a very well thought out philosophical basis behind it all. She's tried to explain it to me, and I could try to explain it to you, but if I have trouble seeing the whole picture, it looks like it would be totally over your head."
"I'm sorry, I guess I was just concentrating more on the titillating details than the background," she confessed.
"And that won't help you understand, and that's why we don't talk about these things with most people," I grumbled. I felt like I'd wasted my time.
"I am sorry, Taylor," she repeated gently. "I keep thinking I'm open minded, and then I jump right to judgment. That was unfair of me."
"But not unexpected," I said, making motions to get up. "Seems like everybody wants to know about our private lives, but nobody wants to understand them. They just want to have bullet points to base judgments on. I don't need that."
I stood waiting as she rose. "I do hope you don't talk about this to anybody else."
"I won't," she whispered meekly. "Sorry."
We drove back to work in silence.
Beth didn't bother me the rest of the day, she stayed in her cubicle and worked dutifully on her assigned projects. I tried to work on mine as well, but inwardly I was fuming. I would never have expected the label to upset me like that. "Cuckold." Put aside the fact that it literally did not apply to my situation: Tethys was not my wife, she was not cheating on me, she was not being impregnated with another man's child for me to raise, and she had never taken any kind of vow to "forsake all others." Neither she nor I were acting out any humiliation fantasy where she would berate me for my "inadequacies" as she fucked another man in my presence. It was just the opposite. She bragged about me, and she introduced me to other women, who seemed impressed. I now had five beautiful ladies who had already fucked me, and who wanted more. There was no humiliation in that.
But the word was worse than that. It wasn't just an insult directed at me, it was an insult towards Tethys, and to all women. It carried the assumption of a woman asproperty, property a man must defend his rights to against other men, or lose those rights. The woman may be wayward and faithless, but it was the man's responsibility to correct her behavior, or else he could lose his property. That was a social standard that went back thousands of years, across many societies, but it was one I had utterly rejected long ago. A man and a woman have equal responsibilities in a relationship, first and foremost of which is honest communication and collaborative decision-making. ALL other responsibilities are those agreed upon through the application of the prime two. If Beth, as a woman, believed she should be some man's property, then there was no way she'd be open-minded enough to be able to understand any of the dozens of possible alternative relationships that people are capable of finding happiness and fulfillment in. I decided her erotic repertoire of stories would be a limited one. I also decided that I had nothing to be ashamed of, the problem was with her, and if we were going to collaborate to turn this company around we'd better first settle some ground rules between us.
But not just yet. Give her some time to think about it.
In the afternoon, I got a text from Tethys informing me that her period was over, right on schedule, she'd be spending the night with Carl after her workout, and that tomorrow was another visit with Hera. It seemed strange that I'd spent considerably more time with Hera this week than with Tethys, but from the way things were settling out, that could very well be a monthly tradition in the future. I had no cause for complaint. Not long ago I was experiencing these periodic abstinences as actual abstinence. This week I'd had as much sex during Tethys' period as I'd ever had during normal times -- even more, actually.
"Conditioning, Taylor!" I told myself. That evening I took a long energetic run, then enjoyed the pleasure of our rapidly accumulating collection of videos recording our sexual adventures within the growing group. The only person we hadn't recorded any homemade porn with yet was Megan, but after our wonderful introduction, I had the distinct feeling she wouldn't mind at all.
Friday was a welcome break from drama at work. Beth continued to make herself scarce, and I had very few interruptions. It was a productive and satisfying day. As I was leaving in the evening, Mike, one of the other senior programmers wbo I got along well with, called out "Seeing the girlfriend tonight?"
"I'll be seeing Tethys," I answered with a casual smile.
"You guys need to get more social," he scolded good-naturedly. "Y'all haven't been to one of our Friday night specials in forever. We miss both of you."
"Yeah, we'll have to make plans to do that," I agreed. "It won't be tonight, though."
I drove straight from work to Hera's house, she had extra toiletries available there, and I was excitedly anticipating seeing Tethys and Hera together. Even Phoebe was an attraction, if I were to be honest with myself. The front door was unlocked, as Tethys had told me it would be. I entered quietly and removed my clothes in the living room. The sounds coming from the bedroom assured me that I had the advantage of surprise. I didn't really have to be all that quiet to sneak up on them, they were completely involved in each other, and Phoebe was leaning in, watching closely as if she'd never seen it before.
My cock had started growing from the moment my clothes dropped, the passionate sounds from the bedroom had stimulated it further, and when I entered the room, Phoebe's wink and nod, coupled with the sight that met my eyes, brought it to full attention without any touch being required. Hera was laying on her back atop the bedcovers, her head towards me, her legs spread in full acceptance of Tethys' busy bobbing face nestled between them. Hera was concentrating on the glistening pussy of Tethys just above her tongue, and was no more aware of me than Tethys was. And she was indeed concentrating, her hands wrapped up and over Tethys' ass cheeks, her lips and tongue working actively along that slimy slit, lapping, slurping, kissing, nibbling, sucking, blowing, and moaning as she went. Her mouth seemed much busier than it did when sucking my cock, nothing languid or relaxed about it. Tethys was feeling the love, and reacting to it from both ends. Her pussy was drooling, adding to the moisture of Hera's mouth, and from her face, hidden between Hera's thighs, came a symphony of gasps and moans and musical sighs. Tethys claims she can't sing, but at this moment it sounded like beautiful music to my ears.
I added a little slippery saliva to my cock, although I probably didn't need it, and slid it smoothly and deeply in one movement into that inviting and slippery opening. Hera blinked and gasped as the keel of my manhood slid over the tip of her tongue, and my balls bounced off her forehead and came to rest on her nose. That was nothing compared to Tethys' reaction. My shaft was immediately grasped tightly by the surprised reaction of her kegels, and she squealed. Then she screamed. Her body shook, and the hot saturated flesh sheathing my cock quivered and squeezed. It was a classic Tethys orgasm. Phoebe giggled, then Hera, and I laughed along with them. It was a warm welcome indeed.
As tight as Tethys was, even while being wet and slippery, I wasn't getting much vigorous stroking in, although the heat of her wet grip, and the added tingle of Hera's redirected tongue and lip activity kept me more than happy where I was. The pleasure was almost too intense to keep my eyes open, but I still had the wherewithal to respond to Phoebe's enthusiastic encouragement with a high-five. Tethys had other ideas, though. I fucked her for maybe a minute or so, slow deep strokes driving me crazy, especially with how much her pussy was leaking all over my cock and dripping down into Hera's cheerfully lapping mouth, but then she pulled forward and away from me. She rolled off Hera, and they both stood and gave me a more formal greeting, if formal simply means my cock wasn't inserted into anyone.
It was a four-way hug, one naked man, two naked women, and one clothed matron. Interestingly, it was Phoebe who stepped to the front, pulling me in to her ample breasts, one hand reaching behind me to squeeze my ass cheek, and the other squeezing my now-sticky cock. In her way, she was even more kinky than her daughter. I inwardly thrilled to imagine what Hera might become with a few more years adventurous experience behind her. My other two gals made sure they got their full-contact as well, twisting me around to face each of them until I felt like I was a sex-pig rotating on a spit.
On the way over, I had somewhat regretted the fact that I hadn't stopped to take a shower and freshen up before arriving, I wasn't at my peak of purity. I could tell now that I'd worried for no reason. The air was thick and musky, heavy with the smell of sex and sweat, turbid in the August heat. My lack of new-skin smell was unnoticed.
"Should we open a window?" I suggested, I hoped politely.
"Don't worry about it, we're being immersive here," Tethys laughed. "I like it, it adds to the total intensity. We're sexual brutes today. We're going to be releasing a lot more pheromones into the air before we're done. Another ten minutes and you won't even notice, until we take our showers and you're amazed then by how clean we smell."
She was right. Before long my nasal receptors were saturated, and then numbed by the overwhelming volume of our reek, yet I could still detect the fresh aroma of my two sweet ladies' fresh spicy scents when I was close between their legs. We were all wet with perspiration and passion, and we were luxuriating rather than wilting in it.
Tethys had her plan for the evening, and her plan was that my orgasms were to belong to Hera. She would take her own ejaculation in the morning, before leaving to meet Carl for her sloppy-seconds and weight training session. I didn't protest, I was perfectly happy to provide Hera with as much of my seed as she wanted, within the boundary of my capacity and energy. Hera was happy to take it.
As it turned out, she got two big semen loads from me this night, but it was about the journey, not the destination. And what a journey it was. Hera's ability to talk nasty while fucking was already legendary, with me at least, but this time was epic. She did more than talk -- she commanded, she controlled, she influenced, not just me, but her mother as well. The first task was to get Phoebe away from the poetic euphemisms she'd been uttering up until now, and have her be just as crass, brash, lewd, and raunchy as her daughter. Phoebe tried, but she didn't have quite the slutty panache that Hera did.
"Hera, how is your pussy, sweetie? Are you wet enough? Do you need him to dip his tongue into your tasty tunnel? Do you want Taylor's massive beautiful cock splitting your insides and pounding you until you scream?"
She directed an aside towards Tethys. "How did that sound, did I do ok?"
Hera wasn't impressed. "Don't act all innocent, Mom. You know you like to talk dirty smack just as much as I do. I'll bet you go all porn talk on Dad when you get home after watching us."
Then she took charge. "Taylor, sit your pretty ass down on the edge of the bed, no there, on the foot, and face the old ladies." She was referring to Tethys and her mother, of course.
"Yes, Ma'am." Who was I to argue?
"Lean back just a little, hands on the bed. Twitch that cock for us, don't touch it, just twitch it."
I twitched it. This was fun. I enjoyed watching it bounce up and down as I rhythmically employed my urethral muscles, and the giggles it elicited from the women was a reward in itself.
"Mom, Tethys, watch this dainty little child get speared by this man's monster phallus. Watch my poor dripping, neglected jeweled cunt slip down over it, coating it with my thick shiny creamy mess, watch me make it throb with my powerful muscular pussy contractions!"
Now that's how porn talk should go! She did just as she said she would, and while admittedly her tightness wasn't as controlled and skilled as that of Tethys, it was certainly enthusiastic, and it felt wonderful. Hot, wet, and snug were the main traits, and the other details were just icing on the cake.
Her back was to my face, my balls and her cunt were facing Phoebe and Tethys. She pistoned herself all the way down to my hilt, then leaned back over me. She was gyrating, rotating, twerking her hips as she displayed the deep penetration to her favorite audience, and we both moaned involuntarily.
"Mommy, there's a man who belongs to somebody else with his cock balls deep into your little baby's sacred womanhood, assaulting her youthful innocence. Can you bear to watch as he turns your good little girl into a rampaging wanton whore, the debauched slut that you've always feared I truly am deep inside? And be assured, this big hot throbbing cock is truly deep inside! He's going to fuck my very soul. Do you want to watch? Can the Goddess endure such a threat?"
Whoa, that sounded pretty serious. It felt pretty good, though. I couldn't imagine the response being anything but positive.
It was, but Phoebe was still trying to maintain the facade of flowery spirituality.
"The Goddess is blessing you at this moment, child. She's speaking through you, she's feeling your passion and your desire as she blesses you, and you will bless her with beautiful sacred and loving orgasms. You are thrilling her."
So I was caught in the middle, between base debauchery and the heights of hallowed divinity. Tough spot. Funny how the result was the same either way.
And the result was that Hera's raunchy porn talk was just as poetic as anything Phoebe could say, but more direct, more detailed, and more compelling, and within moments she had taken charge of her mother's actions. Phoebe was no longer answering in flowery phrases, but responding with a meek "yes."
"Come closer, Mom. Kneel for the Goddess, between our spread legs. Look close at my cunt, smell the nectar of my thick sticky oozing slime that coats Taylor's cock, making him shiny and dripping with every stroke. Closer, until you can feel the air that's forced out of my pussy by this massive cock every time it fills me. Close enough that you can hear the wet slippery sound of smooth flesh sliding past smooth flesh. Look at my cunt, Mom. You made this cunt. You squeezed this cunt out through your cunt. You fucked Dad to make this cunt, didn't you, Mom? You fucked him every day and every night. You gave him no choice, did you, Mother? You worshiped his sacred penis, you pursued it, you grabbed it and stroked it. You sucked Dad's cock, didn't you, Mom? You sucked him every day. Twice a day. Three times. You didn't ask. Tell me, Mother, you were the aggressor with Dad, weren't you?"
"Yes."
"You're still the aggressor, aren't you? You're going home tonight to your husband, and you'll strip his clothes off him, you'll take that cock and stuff it into your mouth like it's the most delicious snack you can taste, aren't you?"
"Yes."
"It's what you do every night and every day, isn't it? You demand his cock, you command it, you order him to fuck you every day, don't you? You don't give him a chance to say yes or no, do you? He never asks for sex, because you're always after him for it, aren't you?"
"Yes."
"You climb on top of him, like an amazon, like the Goddess' own fuck-warrior, you force his cock into you, you coat it in thick slimy smelly ooze just the way I'm fucking Taylor now, don't you?"
"Yes."
"The thick slime coated cock of my father filled your hungry insatiable pussy with huge loads of cum, day after day, didn't it? Your constant hunger to be fucked, to feel the flesh of a man inside you, to fill his ears with the sounds of your orgasmic cries is what created the daughter you see fucking before you, isn't it?"
"Yes."
"The cycle continues. Live through your lust, love by your lust, create with lust, and now reap the joyful harvest of your lust. Watch your daughter continue your devotion to lust, to debauchery, to the power and passion of naked slimy horny needy flesh. Worship it. Worship the Goddess. Worship your daughter. Worship the man, and the cock that fucks her. Lean forward, Mother, open your mouth, take Taylor's balls into it while he fucks me, lick them with your tongue, taste my dripping juices that flow down to them, and add your slobbering saliva to them. Drink of me, drink of Taylor, and worship our unending and unconstrained lust, with the blessing of the Goddess."
The speech was enthralling, I was hanging on her words. Phoebe was apparently enthralled as well, because she obeyed her daughter without question. I felt the wetness of her mouth sucking in my balls, massaging them with her lips and tongue. The pretense of demure restraint from our earlier meetings was mostly gone, she was willingly doing things to both myself and her daughter that I would never have thought her open to before. I supposed that maybe that sincere belief in a particular deity can guide a person into doing about anything, if they can be convinced that's the deity's will. Even if the deity is something they invented themselves. I was glad there was no koolaid involved in this particular practice. I could actually see myself getting behind the current ritual.
After the scrotum sucking, I felt her tongue sliding up the shaft of my cock, and dipping under the entrance to Hera's pussy, prying itself between my flesh and hers. Suddenly Hera jerked and moaned, and the wetness gushed over me. I knew Phoebe had gone beyond all of her parental boundaries, and was now sucking on her daughter's clit. Hera's orgasm was loud, long, and quivering. Tethys cooed as she stood over us, massaging Hera's tits and kissing her face as we fucked.
A few more seconds of that, and the intensity overwhelmed me. My own passion boiled over, and pulse after pulse of creamy man-lava erupted out of me, deposited deep into Hera's cervical chamber, and being drawn out again by our gyrating motions, to be hungrily and noisily lapped up by Phoebe as it emerged. This was like nothing I'd ever experienced before, and I hoped the ladies had enjoyed it as much as I had.
"I want to go again!" Hera gasped after about a minute's recovery. My cock was still inside her, it hadn't softened completely, but I didn't know if it would be capable of another round of intense fucking so soon. She had Tethys take her mother's place between our legs, and it was interesting how the tongue flicking my balls felt suddenly familiar. Phoebe stood close behind Tethys, Hera still instructing her.
"Taylor, will you be ready to cum next time around?"
I wasn't sure, but I was sure going to give it my all. She began moving on me again, and the thick coating from my previous ejaculation was being rapidly consumed by Tethys using her lips and tongue at the tunnel entrance, and diluted by the new fluids that Hera was oozing out.
"Fuck me and don't stop until you fill my cunt with the biggest fucking load you've got. If I cum, and I will, don't you dare fucking stop, you motherfucker," she ordered.
Whatever I said in response, it made her laugh. "Ok, cockman. You know what to do. Tethys, you know what to do too. Mom, watch and learn!"
I almost shocked myself by how quickly my erection returned, but I was learning that these intense three and a half-somes can do that to me. Somehow, my glands found themselves willing to work overtime, and I would not begrudge them their reward.
Hera continued her moaning epic poetry.
"Look at your little girl, Mother. Feel what I'm feeling. This big, wide, fat cock, hot and throbbing with lust, pushing my tender fleshy walls apart, piercing me deep, making your nasty little girl leak thick slimy goo all over his pulsing flesh."
"Not nasty at all," Phoebe whispered. "Beautiful."
"Keep looking at me, Mom. Beautiful and nasty! Look at that big fat cock stretching my tight little pussy. Fuck, it feels so good, so deep. I can feel it inside me, Mom. I can feel all around it with the nerves inside my wet slippery tunnel. I can squeeze it, Mom. I can tighten my pussy around it and pull it up into me. I'm leaking all over it, Mom. Look at Tethys. She's slurping my dripping cunt, wiping her tongue on my clit, running it up and down Taylor's nasty sloppy cock. It's nasty, Mom. We're nasty. We've been fucking and sucking and drooling and slobbering and dripping and cumming all day. We haven't cleaned up. We have crusty dried up cum and sweat and slop smeared all over us. Fuck, it smells so nasty! You know we stink, Mom. We smell like too much dirty dried sex. Oh, we're so nasty! I'm so filthy, and so fucking horny, Mom. I need this stinky sloppy cock plunging up my nasty stinky slutty over sexed, underused cunt!"
I couldn't disagree with the latter, we were a stinky, sticky, slimy mess. And I was loving it. So, it appeared, were my female companions. We were drowning in endorphins, both bloodborne and airborne. They felt good. The stink smelled good. The gutteral noises of passion sounded good.
And then she came again, with her more traditional refrain of "fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck," and she sagged back onto my body, spent. She was speechless for almost a full minute, as I continued my thrusts gently and slowly, just enough to let my cock know it wasn't finished yet.
"Need more," she finally panted. "Need water."
I completely agreed with that idea, and Phoebe immediately responded with a run to the kitchen, returning with glasses of ice water for each of us. As we relaxed and drank, my cock still fully embedded within Hera, her mother examined our connection closely and smiled.
"You two look so precious together," she whispered. She then launched another soliloquy about the blessings of the Goddess and about how Hera's lust was making the world a better place.
"That was elegant and profound, Mother," Hera laughed. "I can't think of a more flowery way for you to confess that you're really just a voyeuristic old perv who gets off on helping your daughter's cunt get drilled. And that's why I love you."
She then turned her attention back to me. The water had definitely enhanced my recovery.
"Speaking of drilled, I need to cum again, but the only way I can cum now is if you shoot another big load inside me. You gonna be up for that?"
Again, how could I say no? I felt like I had some reserve capacity now.
"I'll happily and reverently fill your amphora of passion with my sacred blessed man-nectar," I replied. "May Goddess have mercy on your soul."
"Then roll me over on this nasty soaked wet bed and fuck the hell out of me, you fucker. Drill my cunt and spew in it and make sure that fucker overflows!"
It was amazing how we spoke the same language.
I draped her legs over my shoulders and pounded her. I'd only rarely fucked Tethys this hard, and I'd never imagined anyone else would even want to endure it. My mind flashed to Megan momentarily, and I wondered if this would be too much for her, or would she surprise us. I couldn't make any assumptions any more.
I added in a little game, involving a forceful quick push inside, a slow, drawn-out withdrawal, and a pause at the pussy entrance prior to the next thrust, one of random length. She couldn't establish a rhythm, she didn't know when to expect my cock to be at depth next, and it drove her crazy, with both pleasure and frustration. I knew it worked on Tethys, and I was glad to see that Hera was vulnerable to it as well.
"Goddam it, PLEASE fuck me!" she shouted for the fourth time, and I finally obeyed, returning suddenly to my heavy fast pounding rhythm. I felt Tethys grabbing my ass cheeks to push me in harder, as if it would make a difference. It did, just knowing that she was there, actively helping, approving, blessing us. God, this was such an erotic, ecstatic life I was living!
I could hear my breath changing as my impending orgasm became more insistent. Hera heard it too, and her own orgasm began to shape itself in response. Her passion triggered more of mine, and mine triggered more of hers. We were perfectly in sync, and when I roared out my spewing orgasm, she screamed hers.
There was no recovering from this one. I flopped out of Hera and collapsed onto the bed, rolling over onto my back.
It didn't sink in right away that the delightful tingling sensation I felt on my depleted shaft was not Tethys consuming the leftovers, as I would normally expect, but none other than Phoebe herself. She looked up at me and smiled shyly, while I grinned back. Hera was right. Her mother'd had a lot of practice, she was very skilled. I had no doubt she'd be giving me full blowjobs sooner rather than later, and if her bossy daughter insisted that she fuck me, eventually she would. Did I want that? My moral compass was not pointing in any particular direction at the moment. All I could tell is that everyone seemed to be very happy right now.
Hera still had another orgasm in her and Tethys teased it out while sucking the dripping drool from her pussy and playing with her clit jewelry. Phoebe seemed to think I was preparing one as well, my cock was actually re-extending from her expert attentions, but I was dry inside. Once I was clean outside, she pulled back, licking her lips.
We all seemed to notice the stench in the air surrounding us as we came down from our orgasmic highs, and showers began to assume a high priority. Phoebe added to the idea list.
"Anybody hungry?" she asked. "After we get cleaned up we can head out for dinner before I go home."
Tethys and I shared the shower while Hera changed the bedsheets. "Stay here," she ordered when she was done, and Hera stepped in as soon as Tethys stepped out. Soon, both girls were shiny clean by my hand, and I'd been thoroughly washed twice. Phoebe waited until we were all out of the bathroom before she took her own shower. A quick check revealed that all of us were at least minimally in need of a shave, and surprisingly, Hera had three razors ready to go. We prepped on the newly clean bed, and did a three-way shaving. I shaved Hera while Hera shaved Tethys and Tethys shaved me. That was a new experience. I was probably the hardest of us to get smooth, there are always a few stubborn whiskers on my scrotal sack that Tethys had learned to deal with. Soon even I was smooth as a baby.
I was still light outside when we left the house, but by the time we arrived at the restaurant, a rather informal place on the south bank of the Colorado river near Zilker Park, it had mostly faded.
"While you and Sonia are entertaining Carl tomorrow evening," I announced while trying to keep the slimy lasagna from dribbling down my chin, Hera is going to help satisfy Henri's need for female companionship."
"I trust you, Taylor, but is it really a good idea for you to pimp me off to a guy I haven't met yet?"
I brushed aside the memory of Hera fucking me wildly on the first night we'd met, only a week ago, but that had been Tethys pimping me out, not me pimping her out. It was a different situation... altogether. I smiled inwardly.
"I'm not taking you to fuck him, I'm taking you to his restaurant for dinner," I assured her. "The food there is much nicer than this."
"And a hell of a lot more expensive," Tethys added.
"Hera's worth it," I responded pointedly, surprised that Tethys might be criticizing the suggestion.
"Hey, I'm not disagreeing," she clarified. "Actually, I'm bragging. It's a very nice place. You'll have to dress up a little more than we are now, though." She was right. Their clothing was minimalist pullovers and smocks, easy to don and remove, and they were commando in the underwear department. Phoebe and I were dressed more completely, mostly because those were the clothes we had brought.
"Anyway, if you like him, and decide you do want to fuck him, you'll have a chance to do that on Sunday," I continued.
"Oh, you'll want to fuck him, believe me," Tethys smiled.
"And Phoebe," I stared her down. "You are going with us toThe Taino, and you and your husband are going with us to Joe and Jo's house on Sunday. It's not an invitation, it's a formal request in the name of the Goddess, and it would be heresy to refuse."
Phoebe looked from me to Tethys to her daughter, and found the same decisive look in each of our eyes. "You knew that would get to me, didn't you?" she chuckled softly. "All right, we'll be there."
Phoebe headed for home directly from the diner. "Make sure you fuck Dad in all the ways I told you to," Hera called as she departed. It seemed to please her, just as much as it embarrassed her mother, that the other diners heard her clearly. "Give his cock a thorough working over, and have him really bless your sacred cunt. Then tomorrow you have to tell us about it in detail." Phoebe smiled, and made a quick exit.
The rest of us headed back to Hera's house, brushed our teeth, leaped onto the bed, and spent the next three hours stinking up the place again. This time, though, it all smelled like pussy and sweat, I was holding myself back for Tethys' morning pussy-filling. There were several more delectable female orgasms that tickled my ears, and with the residue of two very sexy and beautiful pussies coating my cock, I felt very studly. We drank and peed, and didn't bother to freshen up before we finally drifted off together in the same bed. I smiled and sniffed the heady sexual aroma that wafted over us, as a pleasant sleep took us.