Nineteen-year-old Debbie sat on the sofa, naked apart from the wrap-around dress that she was wearing which lay open, riding her dildo slowly waiting to surprise her boyfriend Tom. Her 34D tits pointed directly towards the door, bouncing as she moved. As much as she'd prefer to be completely naked upon his arrival, there was as much chance of his mum Helen or dad Tony returning home first. The dress, bought for her by Helen coincidentally, would be easy to pull around herself and cover up if needed.
Debbie giggled as she thought about it, about not covering herself, showing herself off whichever of them got back first. She knew she couldn't, not with them anyway, but smiled as she remembered doing so previously, and the first time especially.
Debbie and Tom had done a lot of experimenting since they'd first met eleven months ago. Both had had only one previous sexual partner, but within two weeks of starting to see each other knew they were made for each other. Tom had a good idea when Debbie gave him a blowjob on their first date, then another in his doorway before they went inside at the end of their second. When Debbie had walked into the bathroom and caught him wanking one day he'd expected her to go mad, to ask what he was doing, to ask why he was 'wasting' it and not fucking her, but not only had she stopped and watched, she'd let him cum on her face too. She repaid the favour by fingering herself there and then, making herself cum while Tom watched.
They used it both as part of their foreplay and also to play each other up while out and about. Tom started it off by getting his cock out, a good six inches long when flaccid and eight inches when erect, and jokingly asking Debbie to blow him while they were in shops or other public places until Debbie pulled him into a changing room and not only blew him but rode his cock until he came on her arse. The look on his face when she'd smoothed her skirt back down and then walked away, cum trickling down her thighs and into view was priceless, beaten only by when she later made him cum on her face, then walked back to their car without wiping it off.
The first time she'd shown herself to someone else had been an accident to an extent, she'd been giving Tom a blowjob in the park in some bushes just off the footpath, and neither had seen an older man moving around them, watching on from different angles. Tom had noticed when he saw him wanking while watching them and whispering to Debbie she looked over and waved him to them, not losing her stride in sucking Tom's cock.
The man gasped as he got closer, seeing Debbie's long coat open, her skirt pulled up around her waist, and her top pulled right up over her big tits, now on show for his grateful eyes. She stopped sucking Tom long enough to tell the stranger she wanted him to cum on her face or tits, his choice, then looked lovingly up into Tom's eyes as she swallowed him down again. The stranger had reached down a couple of times and paused, then got the courage up to tweak and play with one of Debbie's nipples as he wanked.
It took him about two minutes until he started to cum, covering the top half of Debbie's face as she still sucked on Tom's cock. Seeing the stranger cum across her face tipped him over the edge, and Debbie took the first couple of spurts in her mouth before taking him out and wanking him so he added the rest of his load across her face.
The stranger asked if he could have a couple of photos as a memento, and Debbie told him that would be fine as long as they were close-ups and didn't show her whole face. As she told Tom later, she didn't mind the idea but also didn't want to see her cum splattered face suddenly appearing all over the internet. However she'd also asked Tom to take a few pictures, and looking back at them realised what a turn-on they were.
The next day she waited until her colleagues had gone out for dinner, sneaked into her boss's office and stripped her clothes off, took a photo sitting at his desk, and sent it to Tom. He replied shortly after with a picture of him with his cock out in the toilets at work. Debbie took it up a notch by sending another, this time on all fours on the work's large conference table, a buttplug inserted that she knew Tom would like, as he'd been encouraging her to wear one when out in public and she'd kept saying no to.
It became a thing over the next few weeks, sending each other pictures in the riskiest places they could find, Tom sending one of him wanking with the changing room curtain open, and people oblivious behind him became Debbie's new craving. She sent pictures up alleyways with people walking past, of her tits in shops with people behind her, then just to really set Tom off, she sent a picture of herself leaning with her back against a door frame, top tucked up under her chin exposing her magnificent tits, one hand pulling down her trousers and knickers to halfway down her thighs, a big broad smile on her face as Helen could be seen behind her, her back to Debbie while she washed up.
A couple of months ago, Tom had sent a picture of himself walking through the local park, in each one he'd pulled his trousers down and in the last two early 20s looking young mums pushing prams were looking towards him from the side. Debbie asked him later if he'd known they'd been looking, or if they'd seen him, and he'd been amazed as he hadn't realised they'd been there, only about fifty yards away.
The following day Debbie went somewhere she knew of, an alleyway leading between two fairly busy roads, but fields on either side. The alley was around 300 yards long, and Debbie stood as close to the centre as she could, then dropped her dress to the floor. She'd deliberately worn this one as it would be easy to pull back on but was also loose enough to hide the fact she had no underwear on. She started masturbating, filming herself with her phone, changing angles so it viewed both ways and also Tom would be able to see she had the buttplug in.
Scared that she could be caught easily, it didn't help that she was so turned on she kept closing her eyes. Twice she'd stopped suddenly and crouched to grab the dress, thinking someone was approaching, but they weren't. As turned on as she was, she'd intended to make herself cum before leaving but stopping and pausing every time she heard a sound wasn't helping. Part of her wished she'd picked up her dildo, left in her handbag in the car. That, combined with the buttplug and her fingers working her clit would have made her cum by now.
Debbie stopped masturbating, picked the dress up, and started walking down the alley, still naked and still filming. She saw a man turn and walk into the alley, right towards her, and she pulled the dress down over herself. Still filming, he gave her a big smile as he walked past her.
They'd watched the video that night, and couldn't keep their hands off each other, it had taken quite a while to get through watching all of it.
"What would you have done?" Tom asked her as the part with the man approaching showed.
"Done when?" Debbie asked back, puzzled.
"If he'd caught you still naked," Tom responded.
"I really don't know, I'd have been scared stiff," Debbie said.
"Would you have let him cum on you like the old stranger that day in the park?" Tom smiled.
"I don't know, you were with me then so I felt braver," Debbie replied.
"A hand job, maybe even a blow job?" Tom laughed.
He had a curious look on his face, Debbie couldn't tell if he was testing her or not.
"Well, I wouldn't have fucked him if that's what you're asking?" she answered.
"Good, anything else is fine then," Tom laughed, "it would have been funny while you were filming if you'd have fingered yourself as he walked towards you, to see his reaction."
Debbie had been recalling that conversation when she snapped back to reality, hearing a key in the front door and someone coming in.
"Hi babe," she heard Tom call out.
She smiled broadly upon hearing him, waiting for him to come through the door and see her inviting nakedness, the dildo plugging her pussy waiting to be replaced by his cock. She glanced at the clock, almost fifteen minutes she'd been waiting.
"Hiya," she heard Tom's mum call out.
Fuck. Quickly Debbie moved her legs and pulled the dress around herself, just as Tom and then Helen entered the room. Tom looked at her flushed face, then noticed her dress was not fastened properly. He laughed louder than he'd planned. making his mum look at him questionably.
"Put the kettle on mum, you said you were dying for a cup of tea," he asked her.
Helen sighed and went into the kitchen, picking the kettle up and going to the sink to put water in it. Tom quickly took Debbie's hand and pulled her upright. The dress fell open and he laughed again, then Debbie opened her legs, clamped together since they'd returned, and the dildo slid out into her hand.
"Do you want a drink too?" his mum called out.
"Yes please, back in a minute," Debbie replied.
She walked casually to the door, dropping her dress onto the floor and bending to pick it up, then walked towards the toilet. She came back a minute later, her hair freshly brushed and her dress on properly now.
"Did you tell her Debbie your news?" Helen asked him.
"We've been offered a flat, quite cheap rent too," Tom told Debbie, "it's opposite Uncle Jack, he told me about it."
Debbie knew who Jack was, Helen's older brother at forty-four years old, she'd met him at a few family parties, and he'd always been quick to chat to her, to make sure she integrated, more often a little flirty, although she'd laughed and reminded him she was with Tom. She knew where he lived, new blocks of flats had been built where an old warehouse used to be before it was demolished. There were four buildings of six flats, each having its own communal garden.
Three weeks later they'd moved in. Jack had helped them, wearing a tight t-shirt that showed off his broad chest and shoulders. He'd toured them around, meeting the others who lived in their block. They lived on the bottom floor, right opposite Jack. Directly above them were Emma and Andy, a couple both in their mid-20s. Harry lived above Jack, an older guy who was about sixty but had already retired.
The top two flats were occupied by a couple in their early 30s, Rita and Rob, who Jack told them after that they normally kept themselves to themselves, he didn't know much about them. The other was another older guy, Dave was in his fifties, and seemingly like Jack in that all the time they were talking he was staring Debbie up and down, not seeming to care that Tom was right there.
Two days after moving in, Debbie was feeling a little bored with Tom being at work and it is her day off. She wandered around their garden, a fairly large open space with a border fence at the bottom with large trees behind it. Fencing on either side separated their garden, mostly grassed with flower borders, with a few benches and chairs dotted about. It was secluded enough for them, not secluded enough for what Debbie had in mind.
She got in the car and drove to the local shopping centre, and parked right on the far edge of the large car park. She had a quick walk around, just browsing, passing time until she knew it was Tom's dinner hour. When it was nearly time, she walked to her destination. She had to pause, looking about to make sure nobody saw her, then she hopped over a small fence and sat on the grass behind a large bush, a hedge to the side of her, a footpath on the other side of it. She took out her phone and made a video call to Tom. As he answered it, she put her finger to her lips telling him to be quiet.
"Where are you? she whispered to him.
"I was just going to sit in the staff room, why? Where are you?" Tom asked.
"You might want to go somewhere quiet, like your car or the toilets," Debbie giggled before shushing herself.
She held the phone up so Tom could see around her, just enough to look over her shoulder, not enough for the people walking about to notice.
"Are you by the shops?" he asked.
Debbie nodded, then leaned forward and placed her phone on a mound of dirt in front of her, then leaned back against the bush. The bush itself was about a foot higher than Debbie's head, just enough that she was covered from anybody walking to their cars, or towards her to use the footpath. She paused a couple of times hearing people walking past, then lifted her top to reveal she had no bra on. Putting it on the floor to the side of her, she leaned back just as someone turned to walk towards her.
Leaning to the side, and using Tom as a reference, she peered behind herself to make sure the coast was clear, then pulled her skirt down, lifted her arse a little to pull it from under her, then placed it by her top. She parted her legs a little, showing Tom she was wearing black stockings and nothing else. She leaned against the hedge and let her fingers stray between her legs.
She urged herself not to look back for anything, to concentrate on Tom now, relying on him and her hearing to let her know if anyone was about. Her mouth fell open, her eyes closed as her fingers worked on her clit, softly and slowly. A few times she paused, hearing the oblivious people walking past her and off down the footpath, forcing herself to stop rubbing and subdue her moans. Tom was sitting in his car now, phone on the dashboard as he eagerly watched his girlfriend's show.
Debbie's fingers worked a little faster, now she bit her lip to keep herself as quiet as possible. She heard someone pause as they walked past on the other side of the hedge, and looking at Tom he was laughing but putting his finger over his mouth to tell her to be quiet. She picked up her top, putting it to her mouth to bite on, then brushed it over her shoulder as it dropped in front of her tits, obscuring Tom's view. planting her feet and pushing her knees up a little more, she reached one hand underneath her thigh and slid two fingers into her pussy, sitting on her hand to keep it in place.
Debbie's head rolled about as she worked her clit again, her eyes closed as she did so, so that she didn't see Tom trying to tell her someone had sat on the wall, just yards away from her. Luckily he had his back to her but did keep looking over his shoulder, and then he got his phone out and held it in front of him. Tom knew he wasn't making a call, and it was a strange place to have stopped to take selfies.
Debbie continued, oblivious to her newfound friend, her arse raising and falling as she rode her fingers, her cheeks getting redder as she maintained her grip on her top with her mouth. She got more frantic, writhing more, then mouthed to the camera "I'm gonna cum".
The guy had turned to sit sideways on the wall now, one foot up, his phone still pointing towards Debbie. Now he'd moved, Tom realised he'd seen him walk past a few times already, he must have been coming back to check what he thought he could see. Tom looked again, saw him keep glancing over, and knew that the guy was trying to film Debbie. How much of her he could see, Tom couldn't tell. While he was wondering, Debbie's body shook and she came, holding her hand over her pussy as she did so.
As she relaxed she looked towards her phone, to see Tom urgently pointing behind her. She turned a little, peering over her shoulder, to see the man sitting on the wall. Now she had a dilemma, did she style it out and casually get up and walk away naked with her clothes in her hands, or try to subtly get dressed? Her car was parked too far away to risk getting there naked, so she got dressed, slowly and awkwardly. She blew a kiss to Tom and ended the call. Taking a deep breath, she stood and strode past the man, hurrying to her car and then when getting in, laughing hard at what at just happened.
Tom told her later that the guy had walked past about four times before sitting on the wall, and although it wasn't clear it did look like he had been filming her, but Tom didn't think he'd have had a very good angle especially sitting behind Debbie with the bush in the way. An hour later, he stripped Debbie off and laying her back on the sofa, made her re-enact the call while he watched on.
Two days later Debbie was at home, she'd only had a morning shift to do and had a few hours to kill before Tom got back. It was a nice sunny day so she found a picnic blanket and went out to the communal garden at the back of the flats. She had a quick look at where the sun was in the sky and put the blanket down. She put her phone down, put some music on and put in her earbuds before covering it with the corner of the blanket so it didn't overheat. She soon realised she was far too warm in her shorts and t-shirt, and had a quick look around. It was just after midday, and she wondered how many people were also at home.
Having quite lacy underwear on under her shorts and t-shirt she didn't want to take them off, but didn't want to move to sit in the shade either. She picked up her things, leaving the picnic blanket where it was, and went back to her flat. Quickly she stripped off and dug out a lime green bikini that usually got her noticed. The bra fabric part was a little too small to cover all of her tits, and although the bikini bottom looked more fabric, it was a thong type so the back hardly covered anything. Leaving her t-shirt off but putting the shorts back on, she went back out.
This time she left her earbuds in the flat, playing the music through her phone speakers. If the bikini didn't get any attention, the sounds would. Like previously, she covered the phone with the corner of the blanket and lay back, her head on a pillow, sunglasses on now so she could look about properly. Her tits parted a little, her nipples slightly erect and pushing the fabric away a little more. She parted her legs just enough, then bent her knees and planted her feet.
She watched the windows in turn, looking for telltale signs. Ten minutes later, she saw the net curtains in Dave's window moving. Now and again a gap would appear where it had been moved, and she saw Dave as he was trying to stay out of sight, but also to get a better look. The curtains moved a few times, then stopped. Debbie wondered if he had decided to just watch with a restricted view from behind the net curtain, but then he appeared by the back door with a bin bag.
"Oh, hi," Dave said, looking over at Debbie as though he hadn't already noticed she was there, "it's certainly a nice day for it."
He pointed upwards as he said, he looked awkward as he realised he was telling her what a nice day it was, as she lay sunbathing.
"Care to join me, the blanket is big enough?" Debbie smiled.
"No, I'm good thanks, I don't want to cramp your style," he laughed, "I am going to leave the back door open though, it's very warm on the stairs," he continued.
Debbie smiled at him, and as he pushed a brick by the door to keep it from swinging shut, Debbie turned over onto her stomach. Peering under her armpit, she could just make out Dave transfixed, staring at her arse. Giggling to herself, and making sure not to look to pretend she didn't know he was still there, Debbie knelt up and pushed her shorts down over her arse slowly.
She looked under her arm again, knowing what view he had, her round arse coming into view, her thong bikini bottoms cutting into the gap between her buttocks. Pushing the shorts off with her feet, she settled to laying back flat on her stomach. Giving it a minute, she picked up her phone and made it look like she was searching for songs. What she'd done was to put her phone onto selfie mode, watching behind her where Dave stood by the bottom of the stairs, rubbing the crotch of his trousers before going upstairs.
A minute later, the net curtain moved giving Dave enough space to watch Debbie, and seeing her lying face down with her head seemingly looking the other way, Debbie gasped as he saw his right arm start jerking, the unmistakeable sign that he was wanking while watching her. As she saw his arm moving quicker, Debbie lifted her arse, giving Dave the best view possible. It worked, as soon after she saw him move from the window.
Putting her phone down, Debbie quickly slid a hand between her legs. God, she was wetter than she'd expected. Picking her things up, she took everything inside the flat and stripped off her bikini and put them in the wash basket. She wanted to shower and walked naked into her bedroom to get some clean underwear out. Reaching in, her hand brushed against a dildo. Immediately she had an idea.
This one was much different to her normal one, which was 8" long and quite thick to match Tom's cock. She'd bought it as a joke, Tom had commented if cock size or colour bothered her, so she'd bought herself a dragon dildo. 8" long like the realistic cock one, but this one was so much thicker, 10" in circumference. With a black suction base but a bright green shaft, Debbie had laughed and told him she dreamed about being abducted by aliens and made to reproduce.
She walked into her hallway, appreciating the flats having wooden flooring throughout. They had a mirror right at the end of the hall furthest from the door, and Debbie placed the dildo down onto the floor. She walked to the end of the hall and opened her front door, peering out and then stepping out into the corridor. Turning back, she looked at herself in her mirror, the bright green dildo very noticeable on the floor. Leaving the door open, she walked back and knelt, facing the open doorway, onto the dildo.
It always took her a few minutes to get used to the width of the dildo, Tom had told her it was good watching her use that one as her pussy lips dragged along the shaft with each thrust. Looking down her hallway, her view was directly to Jack's door. She had no idea if he was in, but if so and he opened the door to leave, he'd have the perfect view of her riding the dildo.
Riding it slowly, Debbie played with her nipples and squeezed her tits. At one point she heard steps on the stairs, coming downwards, and her heart started beating faster. Maybe it was Dave coming to see if she was still about. Maybe one of them would come down and put rubbish in one of the provided large dump bins outside? The footsteps got louder as they descended, feet coming into view as they reached the bottom flight of stairs. Black shoes, like the ones Dave had on earlier. Her heart almost stopped as they reached the bottom, and then she heard the front door open and close. Phew, that had been close, scary but exciting at the same time. She wondered if he'd gone the other way, would he have stared inside? Probably, if he'd noticed the door was open.
She prised herself off the dildo, staring down at its bright colour highlighted by the sun glistening where her pussy juices ran down it. She turned, back towards the door, and started riding again, squatting this time. She tried to use the mirror to see behind herself but it was too high. Standing again, she took the mirror off the wall and leant it. Now as she rode the dildo she could see behind herself, seeing the open doorway, and also see how much the thick dildo pushed her lips apart, sinking until only the black base could be seen.
Footsteps could be heard on the stairs a few times, but not as close as before. As Debbie was thinking about not prolonging her agony any more, to play with her clit and make herself cum here and now, she heard the front door open. She paused, the dildo half out of her, and watched in the mirror as their postman came into view, posted a couple of letters through Jack's door right opposite, then turned and walked out. Unluckily for him, if he'd turned the other way he'd have had a perfect view of Debbie's dildo-filled pussy. Before the front door had closed properly behind him, Debbie cried out as she came.
Debbie was so busy telling Tom about it later that night, she failed to tell him that she thought Dave had been wanking over her while she sunbathed. When Friday night arrived, she got back from work to see Dave sitting on their sofa with Tom just about to hand him a bottle of lager.
"Oh, I thought we were going to have some alone time tonight," Debbie said, flirtingly.
"I was talking to Dave earlier and he told me about a film on TV that he was going to watch, and as I want to watch it and I know you've mentioned it, I asked him to come around and watch it here to save him sitting on his own," Tom answered.
"I can leave if you want?" Dave quickly said.
"No, it's fine, I'm just going to get changed first," Debbie told them.
"It starts in ten minutes so don't be too long," Tom told her.
Debbie went to get changed, intending to put on some silk undies and tease Tom into missing the film, but plumped for jogging trousers and a loose t-shirt, despite Dave already seeing most of her flesh today. As she walked into the living room, Tom looked her up and down and then gave her a puzzled look. He sat at the far end of the corner sofa with his feet up, Debbie next to him, Dave leaning on the far end.
"What were you talking about with Dave?" Debbie whispered to Tom.
"This and that, mostly about films. He did say he'd seen you the other day," Tom whispered back.
"He told you?" Debbie replied.
"Yes," Tom said, frowning, "he went to put some rubbish out and you were out back listening to music weren't you?"
Debbie kept teasing Tom while the film was playing, tweaking his nipples and casually brushing her hand across his crotch. Thirty minutes into the film, she leaned against Tom's shoulder, then yawned.
"Are you getting tired?" Tom asked her.
"A little yeah, it was a hard shift today," Debbie said, smiling up at him.
"Well, why don't you go and put your bedclothes on, then if you fall asleep you won't be uncomfortable like you will wearing those."
Debbie was hoping he'd send Dave home but saw the mischievous look on his face. Wondering what he was up to, she wandered off to the bedroom. If Tom was planning anything, she was going to call his bluff. Quickly stripping down she walked back and took her place on the sofa. Tom tried to hide his surprise upon seeing her, wearing a long silk robe that fastened at the front, and he could already see she had removed her bra.
Debbie took her place back on the sofa, leaning on Tom, every few minutes leaning further and further and sliding down his body. She knew as she did so the robe would ride up at the back, and she glanced over at Dave a couple of times and saw him watching her rather than the TV. Her hand dropped into Tom's lap and she slowly undid his zip. She slid one finger inside, running it along his shaft. Tom repaid the favour by running his hand around her body, pulling on the belt until the robe fell open.
Debbie knew Dave would be able to see her tits now, and Tom must have known also, but he made no attempt to stop as he played with her nipples. Not long after a sex scene played out on the TV, Debbie moaning quietly as she watched on. She slid her head further down, now at the base of Tom's stomach. She stretched out along the sofa, her feet just inches from Dave. She felt his fingers trace along her back, moving the silk fabric further up until her arse came into view.
"Oooh, you're wearing that thong I like, the see-through one," he said out loud.
Coinciding with it making Dave instinctively look directly at Debbie's arse, Tom used a finger to push the thong away, running it along her wet slit. If Debbie had any doubt about how far Tom would go with Dave there, he used his other hand to pull his cock out of his zip. Debbie looked up into his eyes, saw him smiling back at her, then undid his button and pushed his trousers open. Taking his cock, she sank her mouth onto him.
Everything was forgotten now, the film a distant memory, ignoring Dave being there, as Debbie felt Tom's cock grow in her mouth as he rubbed along her wet folds and over her clit. She moaned loudly, then Tom told her to pause. He told her to remove the thong, while he pushed his trousers right off. Debbie didn't even turn around, pushing the thong to her knees and then bending her legs to pull it off. She threw it on the floor and went back to sucking on Tom's erection, then felt the sofa move behind her.
She turned her head to look back, feeling fingers trace along her thighs slowly, gingerly pushing into her folds. She'd almost forgotten Dave was there, not just sitting but one hand stroking at Debbie's wet lips, the other stroking his cock. Debbie took her mouth off Tom and gasped, making Tom look over too. Dave paused, his hand gripping tightly around the base, his cock as big as Tom's but the veins a lot more pronounced as his cock was rock hard.
"Want to be naughty? Suck Dave's cock," Tom whispered, smiling down at her.
"What? Seriously?" Debbie asked, "Not just watch him until he cums on me?"
"I bet he watched while you were sunbathing, didn't he? And I bet you secretly watched him doing so," Tom laughed.
Debbie looked back at Dave. His cock did look nice, and they had been teasing him to an extent making him watch her suck Tom off.
"Only if you're sure?" Debbie whispered to him.
Tom answered by putting his hand under her chin, lifting her, then pushing her up to a standing position, pulling the arm of the robe as he did so. The robe fell away, Debbie twisting so that the other arm fell free, the nightie falling to the floor exposing her full nakedness to Dave's delight.
Tom motioned Dave to take his trousers right off, and Debbie knelt between his legs. Looking at Tom for a final okay, she took Dave's cock in her hand and stroked it a few times, marvelling at how hard he actually was. Looking directly into his eyes, she moved her mouth down and onto his cock.
Tom sat up now, watching Debbie perform on their neighbour. Dave kept staring down at Debbie working on his cock, now and again looking at Tom in disbelief that this was happening, expecting him to stop her, the film now a distant memory.
Debbie worked her mouth on his slowly, and then suddenly Dave put his hands on the side of her head and pushed her head right down as he lifted his hips. Debbie felt sure he was about to cum and braced herself, but he didn't, he started moving her head with his hands, making her suck him quicker. He then held her head still, fucking her mouth, almost enjoying hearing her gag occasionally as his rock-hard rod touched the back of her throat. He looked at Tom for his reaction, to see him stroking his cock while his girlfriend performed on him.
He held her head tightly right down on his cock, leaving her unable to move like he was trying to split her mouth wide open. Debbie gagged, saliva slowing down his cock and making the bottom of his t-shirt wet. He lifted Debbie slightly and fucked her mouth again, hard and fast.
"Send her back over, that pussy of hers needs using hard like that too," Tom shouted out.
Dave lifted her, Debbie gasping for breath as she withdrew from his cock. Tom grabbed her arm and pulled her over to him, turning her way from him and pulling her onto his lap. He raised her a little, lined his cock up, and then pulled her hard so his entire cock filled her, making Debbie cry out loudly. Tom grabbed her hips, then put a hand on her shoulder blades and pushed her head downwards.
"Come on Dave, fuck her mouth like you'd want to fuck her pussy," Tom growled.
Dave strode over, his erection bobbing in front of him. Tom now grabbed Debbie's hands and pulled them behind her back. Dave put his hands on the side of her head and started fucking her mouth again. Debbie cried out loudly, her mouth was sore but the enjoyment she was getting from her first spitroast far outwayed it. With Tom fucking her pussy hard and Dave using her mouth, she knew an orgasm was on the way. After a few minutes, she shook violently and collapsed backwards onto Tom who'd stopped fucking her now, keeping his cock inside her through her orgasm.
"Can I get some of that pussy?" she heard Dave ask.
She felt her body being moved and Tom telling him no problem. She didn't want to protest but Tom hadn't liked the idea of her fucking anybody else before, or at least he seemed not keen, but she wanted to feel the difference in Dave's cock inside her.
She allowed herself to be turned, Tom pulled her head down and she started slurping on his cock, tasting herself on him. As she did so, Dave grabbed her hips and lined his cock up. Again there was no finesse, he started hammering into her like he knew he had to take advantage of the situation in case he never got the chance again. He fucked her hard, shaking her body about like a rag doll, so much so that Debbie couldn't keep her mouth on Tom's cock.
"Let me kneel please?" she pleaded.
She felt Dave push her down, keeping his cock inside her at all times, crouching behind her as he started fucking her hard again. Kneeling now, Debbie was able to concentrate on Tom's cock better, as much as she could anyway. Dave started lightly slapping her buttocks as he fucked her, alternating hands to slap each one, leaving red handprints on them. As Tom fucked her mouth, she felt Dave slide a couple of fingers along her arsehole.
He slid one into her, just a little bit, testing the water, and feeling no resistance he started fingering her arse slowly. Debbie wriggled her arse as best she could, taking her mouth off Tom a little.
"No cock in there, I don't so anal," Debbie gasped.
Dave carried on sliding his finger in, then withdrew and added another finger, then another.
"Are you sure, you're taking my fingers easily enough?" Dave asked.
Debbie shook her head no while gobbling on Tom. She had no problem with doing anal but could feel another orgasm brewing and didn't want to stop.
"Use your other hand to rub my clit," Debbie urged Dave.
He did so, and she marvelled at both the feeling of her body being used, and the fact Dave was still fucking her with hard, relentless, long strokes, Her body shook again and this time she collapsed to the floor, Dave's cock and fingers making a large slurping sound as they slid out of her.
Thirty seconds later she opened her eyes to see both Dave and Tom standing over her, both staring intently as they wanked, their cocks only about six inches away from each other as they stood on either side of her body. Debbie knelt between them, mouth open and tongue out, her eyes pleading for them to finish, cupping her tits and squeezing her nipples as she watched them stroke.
"Come on guys, mummy needs a drink and a shower," she purred, winking at Dave.
Dave came first, putting his cock in her mouth and onto her tongue. The first spurt shot into her mouth, Debbie gulping it down her throat, the rest of it coating her face at first, and then her tits. He came a lot, and just as he'd finished Tom added his load to her face also. Her eyes closed, Debbie slurped on Dave's cock, licking it clean, telling him she didn't like any to go to waste. She did the same to Tom, then heard a click, and another.
Wiping the cum from her eyes, she looked to see Dave taking pictures of her cum covered body, Tom smiling broadly behind him. Debbie smiled too, sitting on the sofa, she put her hands behind her knees and lifted them, showing the guys her well fucked pussy for their viewing pleasure, and for Dave to take more pictures.
He looked at the TV and laughed, the film was just ending, the end credits were on the screen.
"Oh well, it will be on again sometime," he sighed.
"Maybe he could come down and watch it here again when it is?" Debbie asked Tom, winking at him.