Julie sat back with a glass of Sauvignon Blanc, waiting for her mother to finish in the kitchen. When she walked in with her own glass, Julie admired Madelaine. Shorter than her daughter, she still looked magnificent. Her huge firm breasts somehow didn't make her look out of proportion, just well proportioned. As usual, she was dressed sexily, with a low cut tee shirt and short, tight skirt.
Madelaine worked in a small town in the English Midlands, in the local NHS Hospital.
"A lovely supper as usual mum. You know I can do it for you, when you spend all day at work."
"Oh being a Dermatologist is hardly back breaking and I like to do it, you won't be at home much longer."
"OK, just offering, you look sensational as usual."
"Why thankyou, I try to look my best."
"With that cleavage, you don't have to try hard. Do you ever have a conversation with a male patient or colleague, when they look you in the eye?"
"I know, but it makes them feel better, when I show these puppies off a bit. You're Dad's the worst you know."
"Why did you two divorce, when you're still crazy about each other?"
"Oh it's not just about love or desire, we just couldn't make it work, him a senior Surgeon, me a Dermatologist, in the same hospital.
Anyway, what about you? Your going to break some hearts soon."
"Oh Mum."
But it was true, like her Mother, Julie was pretty, not beautiful, dark blonde, taller, large breasts too, if not as sensational as her mothers. A nice curvy Ass, long legs, if a bit muscular. They were both, just sexy, desirable and fuckable.
What does it take to be sexy, how can you define that? Well beauty is great too, but it is daunting, a bit threatening. With Julie and Madelaine, they look as if they're up for it. If you approached them, you might get a brush off, or get lucky. For both of them, that meant very lucky indeed. You would be in for a great night, you'd never forget. Julie in fact, was still a virgin. She'd just finished her last year at school and with luck, would be off to Oxford in October, to start a medical career. Yes, not much imagination, when both parents were Doctors, but at least she should know what she was letting herself in for.
In fact, luck wasn't part of it, she worked hard and was clever. If not Oxford, she'd get into Bristol or Southampton, both good schools as well.
"Did you have a good time at your 18th party?" Madelaine asked.
"Yes of course I did and the present was great."
"It's only money."
"But it's what I wanted Mum. Uni is so expensive and a long course. I'm still going to need a Summer job to save some money."
"Yes, but it's boring. What would you have as a great present, tell me?"
"No, you don't want to know."
"I'm pretty hard to shock love."
"OK then, well I'd like some good sex, I'm still a virgin you know."
"No I didn't know in fact. What a relationship?"
"No good, mind blowing, make the earth move, fucking. I'm just like you. Sex is going to be important to me, like it is for you. Oh yes I know that you like it and why not. You and Dad too, yes I know that as well."
"You're right, I love sex and making your Dad happy, why not?"
"No reason and I'm sure you make him very happy. He should get married again."
"Oh he won't, we're still a bit lost in each other. Others too of course, not patients, too dangerous. But colleagues, some of the junior doctors, when they look at me in that horny way. Must keep the team happy."
"Not sure I've read that in the Hippocratic Oath."
"Oh don't be prim and po faced.
But what about you, I'm not going to get in the way of your ambition, but the pill, care against infection, all that?"
"Yes Mum, I know all That, but thank for being understanding about it."
"Whose the victim, sorry, lucky man, boy?"
"Oh something will turn up before I leave for uni.
Now when do your refugees from the Congo turn up, how many are there?"
Madelaine worked for a charity helping refugees and there wasn't anywhere in the world needing help more than the DRC, Democratic Republic of Congo. It was none of those things, not a republic or democratic, but a bloody hell hole, where everyone killed and raped everyone else.
"Oh there'll be five boys, sorry men, in their early twenties, all no family left, plus a couple who consider themselves responsible for them."
"Expect we'll have one boy at least, as usual."
"Yes. he'll be here in a few days. We've so much room un this house, it'll be good for us."
Yes, no problem Mum, I'll help out shopping cooking and things. Anything you want done tomorrow?"
"No that's fine, all in order, thanks."
Next morning, Julie had breakfast with her Mum, who looked great as normal. A tight white blouse with at least one too many buttons undone and a short, tight. blue skirt. She was incorrigible.
"Meeting your Dad for coffee, anything you want to ask him?"
"No, no, just send my love and try and keep your clothes on if you can, it is a hospital."
"Don't be cheeky to your ageing mother, creeping into her dotage."
"Yeh, yeh, just keep a lid on that raging libido. You look sensational as usual, by the way."
Madelaine kissed her daughter on the head and left for work. When she finished the committee meeting at 11.30, Dan , her ex husband was in her office, waiting for her and gave her a hug.
"Get your hands off me, lecherous old man." And she pushed him away, playfully.
"Thanks for your help at the party and for paying for it."
"Does that get me a little reward?" He grinned. Madelaine could see the swelling in his groin.
"Can't an honest woman get a bit of peace, when she's divorced. You did get the letter from the court?"
But she gave a big sigh and went over to lock the office door. Dan came up behind her and gripped her breasts.
"Get your hands off my Tits you brute. I'd have thought you'd have mauled them enough when we were married. Never left me alone did you?"
"Don't recall a complaint," He laughed and pulled her ass against an erection.
"Alright then, sex maniac, but it'll have to be quick, I've got another meeting. But as I remember, you never did last long."
He slapped her Ass hard, as she turned to kiss him and moan into his mouth. Why did her libido always let her down? She always wanted to be fucked.
Pushing away from him, she dropped her skirt and pushed her pants down. Madelaine hated the confinement of tights and wore stockings and suspenders as normal.
Squatting down, she pulled him towards her, by his trouser belt.
"Come to momma big boy, let me give you a kiss." She pulled his trousers down hungrily and reached into his pants, stuffing his 7 inches into her mouth, sucking and licking hungrily.
"Oh you've got talent woman, always said you were wasted in medicine, should have been a whore. You'd have earned a lot more."
He pulled her to her feet and bent her over the desk. She spread herself for him and he reached between her legs, to find the familiar flaps, dripping with juice. Pushing straight in, he sighed. Oh he'd never get tired of this woman, as he started the hard pounding they both needed. Familiar muscles gripped him a she started to pant and they both came together quickly, bodies in synch.
They lay there panting for while, as he stroked her Ass.
"Now get off me rapist, before I call security."
He pulled her up and she dropped down to lick him clean, another familiar ritual.
As they were cleaning up, she said.
"Have you asked that pretty Scrub Nurse out yet, the one you always works with, the one who thinks you're God? She should know you like I do, she'd change her tune.
Perhaps you'd stop bothering me then. I don't have to do this you know. I didn't see in the divorce settlement, must put out for husband, whenever he's feeling horny, which is all the time."
"Oh shut up, you love it, horny bitch." He laughed back.
"Get out of my office, or I will call security" She laughed as she started to push him to the door and kissed him.
"Just so you can take advantage of a couple of strapping young guards, you're insatiable." And she slapped him as he left.
Meanwhile, Julie was sunbathing around the pool at home with a girlfriend from school. She intended to have a lazy Summer, around some light work, if she could find it. Perhaps the last quiet time before she started uni. It was a strict house rule, nobody swam alone, ever. She looked great in a chaste blue bikini, that still showed off the magnificent swell of her breasts and lovely cleavage. The other girl was pretty too, but took the odd, envious glance at her friend.
They were reading and chatting aimlessly about the future, what university would be like, boys. Every so often they jumped in for a few lengths, to cool down. Then Julie ran to the house, to make salad sandwiches and bought them back with cold beers. It was a delightful time to be living, mooching around, enjoying life, as life was beginning.
The rest of the week continued in the same way. On Friday, Baptiste, the refugee boy arrived and Julie settled him in to his room, before making him lunch. They talked about him, his life, his plans. He wanted to study too, as an engineer. He was 22, black of course, quite tall and she thought, good looking. He was respectful and good company. When Madelaine came home, Julie introduced them. Like all men, he was discreetly fascinated by her breasts, to the young girl's annoyance. Why was her mother apparently, so irresistible to all men, of all ages, every time.
Her Mother was going away for Saturday night, she often visited friends at weekends. After supper, Julie took her to one side to talk.
"What do you think of Baptiste?"
"Oh he seems a nice young man, very calm, considerate, considering his awful life. His family, younger sister, hacked to death by machetes, in front of him."
"How awful, poor man, I didn't know. Well forget it then."
"Forget it then.
Forget, forget what?"
"Nothing."
"Come on, spit it out girl?"
"It's just, well, as a man, what do you think?"
"Oh, you've found a victim. Well he's fine, but you've known him for 6 hours."
"Mum, he's not a victim, I'm suggesting giving him a great opportunity. I'm not suggesting marriage, a relationship."
"And I'm sure he'll be forever grateful for British hospitality. On a practical note, condoms please. I'm sure he's very respectable, but Congo is alive with HIV, OK?"
"Yes, OK mum."
"Well enjoy yourself, I'm sure he will, lucky guy."
Late next morning, Madelaine packed her small car and drove off, winking at her daughter. She was a member of a small select club of well off, fellow hedonists. The plan was to get to a large, secluded, country house about 80 miles away. She was to be the star attraction that night. When she arrived, the husband and wife owners, greeted her with a hug.
"Madelaine how are you? Feeling strong I hope, you are going to be in demand. Looking gorgeous as usual. I swear those Tits get bigger every time I see them. Now come in for lunch."
After lunch, she went to her room, stripped off and put on a robe. Leaving the back of the house, she went to the pool, dropped the robe and dived naked into the pool. After a long, cooling swim, she jumped out and her hostess Anne, introduced to three new male arrivals.
"Adam, Paul, you know Madeline, but Andrew, I think you don't."
The latter shook her hand.
"Anne you don't exaggerate, she's stunning, what a body."
With that, Andrew pulled her into an embrace and ran his hands over her Ass, up to her breasts. Grabbing her right breast, he started sucking hard and nibbling her nipple.
"Well good afternoon to you too," Madelaine said, as she pushed her hand between them and grabbed his cock through his chinos.
"Mmmm she said, it is good to meet you, really. Now I must go and rest, get some beauty sleep, before this evening.
Back at home, Julie and Baptiste met at Breakfast.
"Plans for today?" She asked.
"Oh I might meet up with my friends and you?"
"I'll read, sunbathe, swim."
"Careful swimming alone."
"You sound like my mother." But secretly Julie hoped her sunbathing might keep him home, to watch her. She intended to make it worth his while. When she'd finished clearing up and getting ready for the pool, Julie crept upstairs and confirmed he was still there. He had a great view of the pool from there.
Returning downstairs, she went out of the house to the pool. Dropping her robe, Julie stood with her back to the house, quite naked, then knelt down and lent forward, to check the water. An enchanting view, she hoped. Jumping up, she dove into the water, to swim 20 quick lengths. When she got out, Julie spent sometime facing the house, drying herself, before lying down with a book.
If that didn't get him downstairs, there was nothing else to be done, that would maintain her self respect. Fifteen minutes later, she heard his footsteps. When close by, he said,
"Oh sorry, I didn't know, no costume, I'll leave."
As if, "Don't worry it's fine, I'm pretty respectable, join me."
She was lying face down, if that counted as respectable. Baptiste lay down beside her, in swimming trunks, unable to avoid looking. She did look, well, fantastic. Quite big, but firm buttocks and muscular legs, both the result of middle distance running. resting on her elbows to read, the side of her breast was easy to see. But no, this was artless, innocent, she couldn't mean anything by her display.
"Sorry if I'm disturbing you, I don't usually wear a costume, the garden isn't overlooked." And she smiled.
"Oh no, please, you look wonderful, I mean I can't see." He was flustered.
"Wonderful, why thankyou, I think I'm too muscular, but thanks."
"No, your, well, beautiful."
"Beautiful, no but thankyou anyway."
He lay gazing at her, unable to stop, unsure what to do, knowing what he was desperate to do, so he did it. Baptiste gently ran his hand down her back, onto her buttocks, then his finger between the buttocks, past her anus. Resting his hand, when she didn't object, he ran his fingers between her thighs and felt the moisture. She twitched and he pulled away.
"No please, that feels so nice. Nobody has ever, well you know. It's just so, well, it makes me tingle."
He put his hand back and she spread her thighs a little. When he gently pushed a first finger inside, Julie moaned.
"Oooh, that's, I didn't know it would feel so, well I don't know."
"But I shouldn't, I'm a guest, it insults your Mother."
"Nonsense, you're in England, I'm afraid English girls can be shameless, just grab what they want."
"You want?"
"Mmmm," she moaned a yes.
"Let me turn over." And she did, before he could speak, she grabbed his hand, putting it on her breast.
"Oh my, don't stop please." He was squeezing and rubbing her nipple.
She put her hand down his costume and it was his turn to groan, before he threw it off himself. She rubbed and stroked an erection for the first time, as he lay back, in heaven. Suddenly he groaned and she felt the fluid leaking between her fingers.
"Oh my," So pleased at her power over him.
"I'm sorry, should not have, sorry."
"No, No, it's fine, really."
They helped each other up and he gripped her to him, grasping her Ass, then kissed her hard. The buttocks felt so full, but the muscles were hard. Julie loved his groin pressing against hers and tried rolling her breasts over his chest.
Separating, they both jumped in the pool and swam. When they got out, she noted he was stiffening again and grasped his Cock, which quickly became erect. Pulling Baptiste over to the towel, she reached down for a condom and handed it to him, shyly. Grinning, he ripped it open and slid it on, she noted how it was done.
Julie lay down and pulled him down on top of her, his head to her breasts, to nuzzle and lick.
"They're so beautiful."
"No they're too big."
"How can they be too big, silly?" Then he sucked hard at her nipple and she gasped.
Desperate now, Julie spread her thighs and pulled him between them, helping to position him. Baptiste pushed gently, aware she was a virgin. Too slowly for her, she reached for his buttocks and pulled hard, letting out a joyous screech.
"Sorry, sorry," He whispered.
"It feels wonderful, so please you know, move in and out."
He did, first gently, then a little deeper and harder, till she came quickly.
"Oh I didn't know, it's." Then she gripped his head and kissed him.
"Yes, yes, don't stop, ever," As she swiftly rose to a second orgasm. Vaginal tightening pushed him over the edge. She's got muscles there he thought, as she gripped him hard.
They collapsed laughing and panting in each others arms.
"I didn't know it was so wonderful, for me and to see your pleasure. To know I made you so happy.
Have you, you know before?"
"Yes, in the camps, but for warmth and human contact, no pleasure really. But this."
"It was good for you too?"
"Don't be silly, you know it was wonderful and the first time for you, such a beautiful women. what a privilege to be the first."
"You charmer, bet you say that to all the girls." And slapped him playfully.
"It was so good too, to get it done, you know, first time. It felt, I didn't know , not what I was expecting, but in a very good way.
I'll get some coffee and cake, got to keep your strength up. You are going to be very busy till you go."
With that, she got up and ran to the house, whilst Baptiste watched her swaying buttocks, entranced. When she came back, they just chatted, relaxed now.
"You can move to my room," She suggested.
"No, no, that would be very insulting to your mother."
"Oh she's OK, but if that's what you want, I'm going to keep you very busy, when she's working. Not a word to anyone, needless to say, especially your friends, OK?"
"Yes of course, obviously."
"Well I've got stuff to do in town. I'll see you when I get back, be prepared."
She left to dress and he stayed by the pool, deep in thought.
Meanwhile, back at the house party, Madelaine felt a hand stroking her Ass.
"Don't know who that is, but don't stop, Mmmm."
"It's me hon, you want to think about getting ready?" It was her hostess.
"OK, no peace for the wicked." And she got up to run a bath.
"Madelaine, your girl must be finishing school. Where does she want to go to Uni?"
"Oh medicine at Oxford, if she can."
"Must be a smart girl."
"Oh yes, smarter than me or her Dad. Now leave me in peace, Ill be down soon."
When she jumped out, Madeline creamed her skin, threw on some perfume and a transparent white shift dress, nothing else. On reaching the reception room, she took a glass of champagne and moved around, hugging the guests, who took full advantage of her undress, both sexes.
There was a pleasant buffet supper, that Madeline dug into, whilst chatting. Then came the urgent pulling at her elbow, as one of the ladies pushed her to her knees in front of an elderly husband, to suck on his wrinkled prick. He came quickly in her mouth and she smiled sweetly, before standing and moving on.
To be honest, this was all becoming repetitive and tedious, the same people, the same joyless sex, what for? Her own daughter had a better idea, follow your own desires, not obey someone else's. She would not come again and that was that. Meanwhile, she performed her duties.
Back home. Julie and Baptiste were lying naked in each others arms, in front of the TV. They watched only half heartedly, wrapped up in each other instead. She learned of his awful life in Congo and he of Julie's school and ambitions. She got up and prepared them both a simple supper of Spaghetti, with prawns and tomatoes.
They washed up and went to bed early, perhaps their only night together, when Madelaine was not at home. Making slow lazy love to each other, twice more before falling asleep.
On Sunday, Mum was due back and she did return by lunch, earlier than expected. Madelaine raised her eyebrows quizzically to her daughter, who grinned. So, the deed was done and Julie looked happy about it.
That afternoon, the couple in charge of the youngsters, were due for tea and Madelaine started work on a Carrot Cake. Honore and Michel arrived at 3 o'clock and were joined by the two youngsters, who behaved very correctly, sitting separately.
They chatted over egg sandwiches, cake and Earl Grey tea. Everyone agreed the visit was going very well. Madelaine discreetly assessed the couple. Honore was about 40, very pretty, short, with a trim figure and close cropped hair. Michel was about the same age, not handsome, but tall and very well built. Sitting opposite her, his shorts had a fascinating bulge in his groin. She was already thinking how she could get him on her own. Meanwhile he grinned at her blatant appraisal, neither seemed in any doubt about each other's thoughts. The man was married and Madelaine felt she should be ashamed, but couldn't quite manage it.
Honore was talking to Julie and Baptiste.
"So, are you happy to join the others this weekend Baptiste? We have a lodge in the Welsh mountains, plan some walking and barbecues."
"yes, I'd love to, how about Julie?"
"Of course dear, give me some female company for the weekend, perhaps help cook."
"Is that OK, Mum, to go too?" Julie asked.
"Yes of course dear, just as you wish. Are you going too Michel?" she asked hopefully."
"No, I've got some work to do here, it'll keep me busy."
"Pop in for a beer if you want, if that's OK with you Honore?"
"Of course, that's settled then. I'll bring the bus here, be ready by 8 in the morning you two." Honore finished and thanked Madelaine for the tea. They left soon afterwards.
The two youngsters were inseparable that week. though Baptiste insisted their lovemaking only happened when they were alone. They explored each other and increased the repertoire of positions, then discovered the joys of oral sex. By the next weekend, Madelaine noticed her daughter was glowing with contentment. She even seemed more assured and mature, perhaps less malleable, sure of what she wanted.
By 8 on Saturday they were waiting with backpacks, similarly dressed in tee shirts and shorts. They were the last to get on the bus, with the four other young men, Honore and an old family friend, Mr Williamson, were sitting in front, with Jim, their driver. Mr Williamson, Jerry, had a son Julie's age and she had known him since she was five.
"Mr Williamson, why are you here?"
"Call me Jerry please Julie. I'm just here to give Honore some support to keep you rabble in order." He replied, looking over his shoulder.
The journey seemed to take no time as everyone chatted amiably. When they did arrive, everyone quickly unloaded and found a room each. The two girls explored the kitchen and barbecue, unpacking the food they had brought with them. Everything seemed to be in order. The group quickly got ready for a walk and Honore gave each of them a sandwich, some fruit and water to keep them going. Taking just three backpacks to carry them.
Initially they explored the immediate area, which was beautiful, with a waterfall into a small lake and a stream leading out of it into another pond. The area was quite hilly and densely wooded. Jerry had the map and they set off uphill, at a brisk pace, in the warm sun. They were soon a little out of breath, but pushed on, maintain the pace, stopping only to drink. All the men were entranced by Julie, watching the globes of her Ass, straining against the too small shorts and her breasts jogging up and down with each step. Honore got her share of attention too, but she couldn't quite compete with Julie's fine young body.
The group stopped for lunch together for just half an hour, then continued for nearly another two hours, making a roundabout route to the lodge. Everyone was tired when they reached home. None of them were as fit as they thought, all covered in sweat and panting. They needed a sleep and found places in the grass around the lodge, to doze off.
Waking at five, about the same time, Julie said.
"I need a bathe and to wash these clothes, care to find somewhere discreet Honore?"
There were murmurs of disappointment.
"No way we're swimming anywhere near you lot, you can forget that." Honore laughed, "And don't you dare come looking for us. Jerry keep a watch on them for us."
With that, the girls ran into the house to get their towels, then headed out for the smaller pool. After checking they hadn't been followed, both girls stripped off and plunging into the cold water, shrieking. Julie lay on her back and floated, whilst Honore admired her body, breasts thrust clear of the water. Meanwhile, she admired the older woman, trim and muscular.
Julie pulled her sweaty clothes into the water and washed them as best she could. Only then did it occur to her, she had no change of clothes.
"Oh shit Honore, what am I going to wear?"
"Your towel pretty much covers you. Wear the wet bra and pants with the towel on top. That will have to do."
Meanwhile, Honore was washing her own clothes and Julie noticed she only covered herself with a towel. They made their way back to the lodge and hung clothes over a tree to dry. The boys were still in the lake swimming and washing their own clothes.
When they returned, the two girls were lighting the barbecue with charcoal. The young men whooped at sight of the women, whose towels barely covered their Asses. Honore was bending down and her nakedness under the towel was clear. She told them off, but was pleased of course, that she was still attractive to twenty year old men. Julie didn't pretend to try and cover herself, the small wet pants clung to her buttocks, as she grinned over her shoulder, still bending forward.
They had bought prepared salads and rolls, which the boys got ready with plates cutlery and cans of cold beer from the fridge. In no time, burgers and sausages were cooking on the flames. When the first was ready, Julie asked,
"Whose hungriest?"
They all put up their hands, but she gave it to Baptiste of course. They kept cooking till everyone was full. Someone had started a small fire, well away from trees and they all sat round it, chatting and drinking beers. Honore was leaning against Jim, whose hand pushed under her towel. She discreetly spread her thighs and a finger stroked at her labia, searching for her clit. He undid her towel and the boys gasped at her nakedness.
Julie was also the centre of attention and sat with her own thighs spread. Honore crept up behind her.
"You seem to have a fan club." Julie turned and gasped at the woman's naked body.
"Why don't you slip off your towel, it's hot now."
Julie looked at Baptiste who grinned and shrugged, whilst she felt her towel being pulled off. Sitting there, with her tits spilling over the small bra and her labia clear through the pants. She sat there, soaking up the attention. The boys just had towels around them and she grinned at the growing lumps she saw there.
"No, cover yourself Julie, this is wrong, please." A male voice said behind her.
"It's OK, Jerry really, I'm a grown woman now. Besides they're only looking, no harm in that, I like to be looked at, why not?"
Meanwhile, Jim had pulled Honore back a few paces and had pulled off his clothes. She reached for his cock and stuffed it in her mouth, sucking hungrily as he started to groan.
The boys had shuffled forward, to lay gentle hands on Julie's legs and back. Then a hand took her right breast, gripping it and rubbing her growing nipple.
Suddenly she stood, "Just give me a minute boys." and ran into the lodge, to come back shortly, with a large handful of condoms, sitting back in the same place. The boys had lost their towels and were all very erect. She had to restrain herself from grabbing them.
Jerry was at a loss. He should stop this, but so much wanted to watch, already stiff himself. He longed to see her being abused by the five boys, helpless in their power, as they did what they wanted with her. Fantasies of rape ran through his head.
Someone behind undid her bra and other hands pulled at her pants.
"Gentlemen please, what do you think you're doing?" She laughed and jumped up to run away, followed by the boys who chased and surrounded her.
"Do I have to?" She asked, clutching her bra to her breasts, looking around helplessly.
There was no answer, but she let her bra drop, then slowly bent o push down and step out of her pants. Standing with no attempt to cover her body, she whispered,
"now you won't take advantage will you?" As several hands touched and probed her. At last three hands were on her breasts, another running down the crack of her buttocks, around her anus, two more competing to push gently into her cunt.
"Gentlemen, I'm shocked, defenceless, how can you take advantage so. what can I do?"
Her laugh and moaning gave a lie to her voice. She was lifted by her arms and legs, then carried back to the fire, where a blanket had been laid down and another for head.
"Oh well, I'm lost, ravished again and again. It will be again and again won't it? The condoms are behind you by the way." They all laughed.
"I'll just have to submit to your cruel lust, abused in every way. It will be every way too?"
With that, she couldn't wait any more and reached for two cocks to suck in turn. Meanwhile her legs were gently lifted and spread to expose her, as she raised her groin to help them and felt someone crawl between her thighs. A nice rock hard Cock pushed at her gaping wet cunt, sinking his full length in one go, she was so ready for this.
Spitting out one Cock, she gasped, "Yes, hard, that's it. Oh my, harder, pound me you bastard."
The man did as he was told and gave it 100%. Returning to her sucking, till she moaned around a cock and shook as the man came too. He was replaced immediately, another man sat astride her to force himself between her tits, to grip and fuck them. Somehow, she managed to suck another cock at the same time.
Then they stopped for the moment and she was lifted gently, unsteady on her feet, as someone lay below her. Julie was pushed down onto a large erection, delighted to cope with it all. She looked towards the house, to watch Honore being fucked at the same time, by Jim. She also saw Jerry, a look of horror on his face, but an erect cock in his hand.
A male voice behind said, "You wanted everything girl?"
Julie nodded as another man knelt in front of her, then between her thighs. Countless other hands seemed to be all over her tits, as a second Cock pushed gently at her cunt. Two, Julie's eyes widened in horror as gentle pressure was exerted on her already very well filled cunt. Her head fell back onto a strong male chest as the other cock was pushed and pushed. It was impossible, but a half at least pushed in, as the pain turned to pleasure. It wasn't physically possible to take so much cock, but apparently it was. She started shaking with a tumultuous orgasm and the two men withdrew. Gasping on the blanket, four men knelt round her masturbating, as she grinned at them, then shrieked with pleasure, as they covered her in cum. Grinning at each other, they hosed her as completely as they could.
Finally, she crawled back to the fire, to find a beer, suddenly thirsty. The five men joined her for a drink. Till one of them laughed and pulled her face down over his knee, stroking her gorgeous Ass,
"You are so bad, so shameless," He laughed and slapped those gorgeous globes twice, before passing her to the next, then the next, to punish her. The loud slaps rang through the woods, as she struggled, laughing,
"But you abused me, I couldn't resist, helpless," Julie pleaded.
"Abused! you virtually raped us," One replied.
"Alright, alright, I admit it. Now any chance of some more abuse?"
With that, Julie crawled to each man, put a condom on each semi erect Cock and then sucked to full stiffness.
"Oh my, what have I done, you're all so big, please don't, I'm at your mercy, please, I can't take any more."
One of them replied, "We're going to do you again and again without mercy. We're going to do things you've never heard of. Cry as much as you want, we'll only do it harder."
"Oh goody," She giggled. As hard hands dragged her over the ground to an old tree trunk. Covering it with a blanket again, she was pushed face down over it. Her legs were quickly spread hard, a cock plunged straight into her cunt and started a hard deep fucking, with strong male thighs slamming into her groin and balls slapping against her stomach.
Another hand lifted her chin and a large Cock pushed deep into her throat in one thrust, making her gag, till she accommodated. Then the thrusting in her mouth seemed just as hard and fast. Julie quickly shuddered to an orgasm and the Cock withdrew, still just as hard.
"Get some butter", she heard whispered, as her legs were released, whilst her throat was still filled and pounded.
Julie was lifted to her knees and hands spread her buttocks and a finger gently touched her Anus.
"Hey, Hey," She mumbled around the cock in her mouth.
"You wanted to be ravished without mercy, have everything done to you, well this is it."
The butter arrived and was coated over the crack in her buttocks, it felt so strange. One, then two fingers pushed in to stretch her anus. This wasn't at all what she planned for, except she hadn't planned anything of course.
Fingers were removed and she felt a thick object nudge at her hole, then push gently.
"Oh My God," She shrieked.
"Just try and relax, let it happen."
She tried, really tried, taking slow deep breaths. Jerry got up to intervene, then sank down again. Not frightened, he just needed to watch. He could clearly see the large black Penis start to enter slowly. Suddenly the muscle opened and pushed deep in.
"Oh, that's painful, but nice, don't stop."
The pressure continued till 7 thick inches were quite buried. He pulled back then in again, repeating a little harder each time, with a slapping sound on her buttocks. The groans of pain, changed to moans.
"Oh please, that feels, I don't know what." Julie said, then reached to swallow the man in front, before gasping to her first anal orgasm.
That bought the man to the edge and he pulled out quickly, ripped off the condom, to spray over her back.
"Guys, you have to try that Ass, it's so tight. Her Cunt's a bit stretched, but that Ass."
Nobody needed encouragement and Baptiste stepped forward.
"OK with this sweet thing?" He asked and the most Julie could do was moan, as the intense orgasm still washed through her.
With a shrug, Baptiste buried his cock with one brutal push, reaching round to grip her Tits. Julie gurgled with pleasure and sucked harder at the cock in her throat, till it withdrew, to a mew of protest. He wanted her Ass too, they all did.
Baptiste rose to an orgasm quickly, the feeling of her anus was so wonderful. He pulled out and rushed round to her face. Pulling off the rubber, he sprayed her face and breasts, groaning with relief. Before he'd come, another man was in her Ass. There was no break till all five had pounded her Ass with all their strength and sprayed her inert body.
Julie lay exhausted over the stump, the five young men slapping each other in a ring round her. They commented on her body, great Tits, tight Ass and great Cunt, what a total whore she was, letting them do everything to her. Some of them even cleaned their Cocks on her hair, before running off to the lake to clean themselves.
Jerry came over to ask, "Julie, can you stand, let me help you?"
With his help, she staggered to her feet.
"Wow, that was, wow." she gasped.
"Sorry, I should have stopped it, I know." He couldn't help being more aroused, as he held the magnificent, ravaged creature so close.
"I'll help you to the lake, to wash." She took tentative steps, allowing herself to be helped. But goodness, she was so arousing. A woman's body streaked everywhere with cum, her hair matted with it. They reached the smaller pond and he kicked off trainers to help her into the cold water. Staying near as she washed herself, then helping her out again.
"Jerry, not your fault, I asked for it, literally asked for it, all of it. It was amazing, shouldn't have, but I wanted it all." She spoke, as they walked back to the fire and he offered her the towel.
"help me please." And she handed the towel. His hands shook as he rubbed her down, her Breasts felt so firm, her buttocks, hard, her belly curved into her groin.
She smiled, looking into his eyes.
"Do you want to?"
"What are you talking about Julie?"
"You know, do me, you can, I want to." her grin widened.
"No, of course not, my son's in your class, I'm over twice your age, your parents are friends, don't be silly, it's outrageous."
Her hand dropped to his groin and felt the hardness.
"I think you do." And laughed gently.
She dropped to her knees and pulled down his shorts, stuffing in his erection. Licking and sucking hard, as he pushed into her throat, groaning helplessly.
After a while, she pulled him out and said with a throaty whisper.
"Don't you dare to come in my mouth, you're going to fuck me." And she laughed again, pulling him down between her thighs, guiding him inside.
They both groaned, as he filled her with one thrust. Two of the boys, Honore and Bill, were standing nearby, grinning at this statuesque girl, in complete control. They rocked together gently, as he slowly fucked her. She just grinned at the pleasure she was giving, beginning to understand her power, her capacity to give joy.
Lifting his head from suckling her Tits, she asked tenderly.
"Jeff, do you want, you know, my Ass?" But he just shook his head.
"Come on, it feels great, you'll love it, trust me."
With that, she pushed him out of her, swung her legs over his shoulders, lifting her pelvis off the ground and placed him against her anus.
"Do it Jeff, now, do it hard, it's what I want."
He sank all his weight to enter her Ass, gasping at the new sensation. Jeff couldn't help himself, as he puled back and dropped all his weight into pounding into the girl. He'd known her as a small girl, and he was doing her as hard as he could. Whatever he felt afterwards, there was no way he could stop. He built to a faster harder tempo, then grunted and ground hard into the depths of her Ass, as he came. Strangely, there was a round of polite, strange applause and Julie grinned with pleasure, even as she shook with another orgasm.
After a while, se murmured, "Jeff, you're heavy, please." And he fell onto his back next to her, gasping like a landed fish.
That seemed to be the end of the evenings entertainment and all nine made their way to bed, exhausted.
Meanwhile, back at the house, Madelaine was dressed casually, cleaning the house, when the front doorbell rang. She opened the door.
"Hi Michel, you came for that beer?" She asked.
"No, for you." He answered and grabbed her round the waist and into a hard kiss and embrace.
God he was big, over 6ft 5, solid muscle and she felt the muscle swell in his shorts. Madelaine couldn't pass this chance up, no way. Undoing his shorts, she pushed a hand inside. He wasn't human, it was huge and hard as a rock. Michel pushed her down and she struggled to get anything into her mouth. Initially just the tip which she sucked and licked, trying to push her tongue into the slit of his meatus. Gently, with pressure on her head, he buried a little more, but never more than a third and she was good at this, famous for it.
He pulled out and literally ripped off her tee shirt and sweat pants, then pushed her onto the kitchen table, before assaulting her with his mouth and tongue. Licking, sucking on her clit, Madelaine gasped with pleasure, before he stood up, dropped his pants and stepped between her thighs.
"Yes, as hard as you like lover," She said as she clamped her legs round his waist and he pushed in half his length to fill her completely. She could feel his Cock on her Cervix.
He drew back and thrust in, again and again, on and on. After 10 minutes, he still kept up the same assault, what stamina. She'd come hard twice already and gasped.
"Don't cum in me lover, please."
"I have regular STD checks, I promise."
"Oh, OK then, good." She wanted to feel him cum inside her, but he still took five more minutes.
As he grunted and came, he stared down at her grinning. He'd hardly broken sweat, whilst she was soaked and panting. She struggled onto her elbows, jeez, his cock was still nearly erect, huge and coated with her juices and his sperm.
"Give me a hand girl and I'll be ready." He pulled her up and she slid to her knees. Close up she was astounded that she been able to take him and wasn't at all sure she wanted a round two. She'd had far too many men to be able to count and certainly not be proud of, but this man was in a different league, barely human.
Madelaine set to work, licking sucking, swallowing what she could and in less than a minute, he was bone and I mean bone, hard. He pushed her face down on the table and she lifted her Ass, spread her legs to help. Michel pushed straight in, to the hilt and as she gasped in shock, he set to really pounding her. No holding back now, he used all his strength, lifting her off the floor with each thrust. Her legs quickly gave way and only his Cock held her up, helped by a firm grip on her hips.
It was quicker this time, but still nearly ten minutes, by which time, she was begging him to finish, She'd always had ravenous appetites, but this was too much. When he finally came, Madelaine slipped to the floor, whimpering in pain. She noticed the spreading pool of semen from her cunt. Even after a Gang Bang, she'd never seen so much.
Michel reached down and lifted her inert body, with no effort. Her head, arms and legs, hung down, all muscle tone gone. He carried her upstairs and found her bedroom and bathroom. Putting her down, she was just able to support her weight, holding on to the sink, as he turned on the shower. She staggered in after him and the hot water started to revive her a little.
After soaping and cleaning each other, his Cock started to stiffen again. He gave her a malevolent grin and pushed between her thighs,
"Please, no more," She pleaded, without much hope.
He found her gaping sex easily and pushed in, with her body pinned against the tiles. He still had the strength to fuck her hard, pushing her up the wall with each thrust, as the stream of water poured over both of them. It took less time before he came and she did again. She shook on the floor of the shower, long after he'd finished. Finally she stirred herself, to avoid drowning.
Michel was already out of the shower drying himself, then left to find his clothes. She heard the front door open and close, as she pulled herself up, turned off the water and crawled out of the shower, on hands and knees. Just charming, she thought, not even a goodbye, a wave or a thankyou. It summed up his apparent contempt for her, still the sex, she'd long remember.
Madelaine didn't bother to dress, just dry herself, clean her teeth, turn off the lights and crawl into bed, beyond exhausted. She woke late next morning, and groaned as she moved. It felt like she'd been run over by a truck. Fearfully she threw back the sheets to inspect the damage. Apart from scratches and bruising, she was in one piece, more or less. Feeling hungry and thirsty, she got up slowly, for coffee, eggs and Ibuprofen, lots of Ibuprofen.
Julie had been up for two hours and had spent a fruitless 15 minutes looking for her bra and pants. Lost somewhere in last nights chaos, or more likely, a souvenir for one of the boys. At least her shirt and shorts were dry. Oh well, she put them on and admired her firm breasts, barely covered by the thin tee shirt. They quivered delightfully as she moved.
She'd already decided that last night had happened. Mistake or not, it was done, but wasn't happening again. She left her room for the kitchen, where three of the boys were already having breakfast. Emphatically slapping away a hand that grabbed a Tit, she made herself a mug of tea and some cornflakes. Nobody said anything or looked at each other, what could they say?
Honore and Jim came out of the same room, looking tired. Finally, everyone was present, eating and drinking silently.
Finally Honore said, "Look guys, it happened, I'm sorry, I should have stopped it. Especially sorry to you love." She was looking at Julie, who just shrugged.
"We can't forget or undo it, it's done. But no repetition or discussion about it, at all, clear?" Everyone nodded.
"That's today, but especially back in town, think of Julie's rep, clear?" More nodding.
"I said clear?" A mumbled, "Yes Honore" From everyone there.
In truth, everyone was pretty ashamed, particularly Jerry, who was not eating, just drinking some tea.
"OK then, another walk and lunch, before we head home?" More nodding.
"So let's clear up and get ready."
Half an hour later, they hoisted lighter packs and set off on a new route, guided by Jerry. No action, but the men couldn't take their eyes off Julie. Particularly her tits, bobbing up and down, large nipples poking against her shirt.
In effect, she was transformed, her hips swayed, her hair swung from side to side and her breasts lived a life of their own, she was glowing. Being ravished for hours by six men, seemed to have changed her from a pretty girl, to a beautiful young woman.
She thought about life as she walked. Last night had been great, humiliating but great, not to be repeated however. What now then? Perhaps a brief Summer liaison, then Medical School, hopefully. She'd find someone for a longer relationship, give him a permanent grin, with what she had learned. Julie understood her power now, not to be exploited, but enjoyed. Not for her, the life her Mother had led, uncounted men, Group Sex, public sex. Her reputation in the community was strained. Most women hated her and men just wanted sex. That wasn't so great for a senior Doctor.
Finally they got back to the lodge and set to cleaning it, whilst someone warmed last nights burgers and sausages. About two, they piled into the bus and drove home, more subdued than on the way there. The men were shocked about last night, what they had subjected Julie too, even if she had seemed to want it. They were ashamed, especially Jerry, who didn't expect to forgive himself, even if Julie appeared to dismiss it..
She and Baptiste were one of the last to be dropped off. He was increasingly worried about Madelaine, how she might react, would he be thrown out of the house?
Julie shouted hello to her Mum, unconcerned.
"Goodness Julie, where's your bra, you look naked? Baptiste, will you let us speak please?"
He nodded and rushed to his room.
"Well?"
"I lost it, when things got, dramatic, you know."
"No I don't know and what could be so dramatic, that you lose your underwear?"
"Oh chill Mum, I'm grown now."
"What does that mean? Did you have sex, who with? My God, this is a disaster."
Julie raised her eyebrows and gave a slight smile.
"What, all of them? no you couldn't." She was on the edge of tears.
"Of course not all of them, not the driver."
Madelaine counted quickly, "That's six men, you let six men fuck you, even Jerry for God's sake?"
"Look, it's not Jerry's fault, I seduced him, made him do it."
"You can't make a 40 year old man fuck an 18 year old girl. I'm going to call him right now."
"No you're not Mum, no you're not." She stood, hands on hips and stared her Mother down.
"Look it's done, I'm not proud of it, but I'm not ashamed either. Before you ask, yes I used condoms, a lot of them. It took hours to collect them all."
"You snide little slut, you'd throw that in my face."
"Sorry, I didn't bring them home, I couldn't. Come to think of it, I should have counted them. There must have been dozens. It went on for hours and hours, all quite stimulating, but you'd know that, wouldn't you?"
Madelaine reared up, her hand raised.
"Don't even think of it Mum, put your hand down. Who did I get it from do you think?
You couldn't begin to count the men, the group sex sessions. Oh yes I know about all that, I'm not a fool.
Look Mum, lets stop all this, I'm sorry, really. Yes it happened, but nobody's going to blab, why? It's not in their interest is it. Gangbanging an 18 year old, not something you boast about. Paedophiles maybe, not human beings.
Most important, it's not happening again, at least in the foresee able future. Sorry, but it really is quite stimulating, being surrounded by nice erections, politely waiting their turn. Sorry, you must know that."
Despite themselves, both women burst out laughing and hugged each other, then started crying. Their relationship had changed overnight.
"Look at this way, any man I take is going to be a very happy bunny, with what I've learnt. He won't have the energy to stray. I'd castrate him if he did anyway.
We two are more than any man could ever expect, never mind deserve."
Madeline said, "I can just about be civil to Baptiste, if I try."
"OK with me, I'm done with him anyway. Now lets get something to eat. Do you need any chores done tomorrow Mum?"
They went off to the kitchen, arm in arm.