Living so close to Salem, MA, USA, famous for it's witch trials and executions in 1692 and 1693, some guys I knew were intrigued by the idea of re-creating the trials and examinations, if not the executions, in our own backyard. In practice this meant the backyard of the Harrington's estate next door, it being possessed of lots of space and assorted out buildings, including one we called the cave. Forthwith my guy friends and various acquaintances, and a few strangers, anxious to be historically accurate, began studying up on to proceed.
Their primary source of information became "A History of Witchcraft in England from 1558 to 1718" by Wallace Notestein. I'd give a website but that is not allowed by Literotica rules. It describes the establishment of an office known as witchfinder-general whose duties were, logically enough, to find witches. I quote: "[T]he methods which the witchfinder-general used are illuminating. Four searchers were appointed for the county... In what Town soever ... there be any person or persons suspected to be witch or Witches, thither they send for two or all of the said searchers, who take the partie or parties so suspected into a Roome and strip her starke naked."
Where upon her body would be examined for the presence of certain marks which indicated intercourse (using the term very broadly) with the devil. "[T]he proof drawn from these marks was deemed of the first importance... No artist has yet dared to paint the picture of the gloating inquisitors grouped around their naked and trembling victim, a scene that was to be enacted in many a witch trial. And it is well, for the scene would be too repellent and brutal for reproduction." Not to mention what followed, for the witch was then further examined, using an assortment of methods, e.g. the familiar process of tying her up and throwing her in a nearby pond to see if she floated, in an attempt to extract a confession. Of course convicted witches were then executed, which sounded a little much for a re-creation, but it seemed was decided enough historical information was in hand to proceed with everything short of killing people off.
The first two prospective witches to be apprehended and examined were my friends Kristie and Claudia. This was not surprising since both girls worked for the Harrington estate upon which the witches were to be examined and who therefore were amenable to co-operation with the Harrington brothers Jonathan and Warren who, along with two of my brothers, Carter and Chris, were the chief organizers. Kristie is now the estate's head horse trainer and lives in a small house on their land. At the time of the witch trials she was still a groom and lived in a small bedroom in the mare barn. Claudia, now head house parlor maid for the senior Harringtons was then an ordinary house maid. Ignoring the fact they are both good workers, their willingness over the years to accommodate the desires of the younger generation of Harrington men have undoubtedly helped their career advancement.
In any case first Kristie and then a week later Claudia were taken in hand, bound and taken to the cave to begin their examination, not knowing just what to expect, but, knowing some history, having an idea. The cave is in fact not a cave at all but the basement of a building on the Harrington estate on a road behind the house occupied by the matriarch of the family the elder Mrs. Harrington. The cave being in an isolated spot and Mrs. Harrington being rather deaf made it an excellent spot for interrogating suspected witches. On successive Saturday nights both Harringtons, both of my brothers, Billy Andrade, Jeff Masucci, Tim Daigle, Todd Henton and a few others, some of whom I did not know, gathered to examine and extract a confession from the suspected witches.
Fact of the matter is the examiners had every reason to expect both of the first two prospective witches would admit their guilt fairly easily and accept a lesser punishment rather than maintain their innocence and face something worse. None of the inquisitors was really interested in doing anything to them beyond stripping them and spending the night having their way with their now naked bodies. In fact both girls, anxious to improve their employment prospects, had for some time been stripping naked for the Harrington brothers and spending the night providing a variety of personal services. Once naked and faced with the certainty that some marks would be found upon them somewhere, proving their guilt, it seemed likely they would confess readily and in penance let their inquisitors enjoy freely the pleasures of their bodies.
And that is indeed about what happened. A week apart each girl in turn was taken to the cave, stripped buck naked and her body thoroughly examined for any kind of mark that looked vaguely witch-like. Kristie's farmer's tan left her body white as a sheet but the freckles that covered her where ever the sun shone left a zillion suspicious looking spots. Understanding what was to come she confessed her guilt, though I would have thought her hardscrabble, work-a-day background would have made it easier for her to survive further examination.
Anyway after her confession came her punishment. She spent a long while on her knees, bound with her back to a post servicing any one who so desired with her mouth, a technique she was expert at by now given her long and intimate relationship with the Harringtons. My brother described to me in detail how she would bring him as many times as she could to the edge and then let him fall but there was always another rise until finally he held himself in her by grabbing her hair and made her push him over the edge and finish all over her. Later they tied her spreadeagled on the bed and enjoyed her the regular way. Lastly Jonathan turned her over and did her in the bum, the first time my brother had seen that done to a girl.
Claudia fared a little worse. Being Puerto Rican she knew less of witch history and was more reluctant just to stand there and allow the boys to remove all of her clothes. But they were not to be denied, being fascinated by her brown body, her ample bosom and her equally ample behind. Eventually her eagerness to please the Harringtons overcame her modesty and her sense of outrage and she ended up just as naked as Kristie had. Her darker skin provided all the marks of guilt that were needed and again wishing to please she confessed but was reluctant to surrender her body in public.
After being strung up by her wrists and having the whip applied to her to soften her resistance she submitted to more boys than she would like to admit to, all of whom I am told enjoyed her thoroughly enough that she was kept a prisoner till well into the next day. Near the end Warren did her in the ass and several others experimented with it including the other of my brothers, but I was spared a detailed account of his first experience doing someone, a girl at least, from behind.
All of this to say, if you can't guess, I was chosen the third week. I was more than willing to participate but was determined not to submit, regardless what they did to me. I liked some of the boys well enough but there was no way I was going to service everyone with my mouth and no way I was going to be laid in front of a bunch of guys and absolutely no way the Harringtons were going to do me in the ass. They could do what they wanted to me to make me confess and frankly I figured I would enjoy it. At any rate, the following Saturday as I returned from doing my daily run in the woods on the estate I was confronted by the four members of the aforementioned office of the witchfinder-general, had my wrists bound firmly behind me and was taken to the cave to be examined.