Kendall moaned, releasing a string of expletives as I thrust my cock back and forth into her wet pussy. I spanked her right cheek and then grabbed her hips, admiring the way the water from the shower cascaded over our bodies. Kendall, my thirty-year-old wife of three years, had long thought shower sex overrated. But our plush hotel shower not only had two showerheads, it featured a built-in marble bench that, upon first seeing it this morning, I immediately imagined Kendall bent over, her hands flat on the bench, wet, naked and waiting for me. So, after a couple hours relaxing by the pool, consuming one margarita after another, and admiring the way Kendall's gorgeous ass accented her small, cheeky bikini bottoms, I was desperately horny enough to temporarily forget her past preferences. When we hopped in the shower to wash the stink of the pool off our bodies, I pulled her to me, desperate, bending slightly to match her height so I could run my cock between her legs and let her feel how I hard I was.
It turned out I wasn't alone. She matched my fervor, pulling my head down toward her mouth and pressing her tongue against my lips. With one hand on the back my neck, and the other on my ass, she pulled my body to hers. I reciprocated in kind, letting her ass fill my hands and caressing my hand down her arching back. The water fell down our bodies, following the slopes of her breasts before meeting my skin and chest as we made out with unabashed urgency.
She moved back against the wall of the shower and pushed my head down. I ran my hands down the sides of her body as I kneeled, gently taking first one hard nipple and then the next into my mouth and sucking. I continued kissing down her stomach and then to her pussy and thighs. Amidst the lingering odor of chlorine, I could smell her arousal.
For our vacation, she had gotten a Brazilian wax but left a little strip of hair just above her clit. I kissed around her thighs, occasionally biting her in the way I knew she loved, and running my hands up and down her legs, cupping her ass at the end. I pushed her up slightly with my hands and used the temporary elevation to reach back to the bottom of her folds and let my full tongue run slowly up her pussy, stopping just before touching her clit. A few more times I repeated that action, before taking her folds into my mouth and sucking, using my tongue to reach inside her tight hole to taste her. Starting at her perineum, I ran my tongue up her folds and making my way to her clit, circling and gently sucking on her clit the way I knew she loved. She ran her hand through my hair and moaned.
"Harder."
I pulled back for a moment and stuck my finger in my mouth, wetting it, before I went back to her clit. At the same time my nose touched her pussy and before I began sucking on her clit, I pushed a finger deep inside her hole--now leaking with her arousal--bending the knuckle slightly to rub against her G-spot. I began fingering her, in rhythm with the short, lapping licks I was delivering to her clit.
"I need your cock now."
She pushed me back and then, fulfilling my premonition from the morning, she bent over the bench, waiting for me to fill her from behind. I took a moment to admire the view. Her large breasts, dripping water, her nipples hard. The delectable arch in her toned back leading to the source of my torture for most the afternoon: her wide hips and perfect butt, now blissfully free of her bikini bottoms. I drew my eyes back to her face; our eyes connected. She lifted one of her hands to push a stray strand of wet, blonde hair from her eyes.
"Fuck me," she said.
I wet my fingers again, and ran my fingers up her slit, making sure it was still wet enough for me to push inside her, and then briefly teased her asshole with my thumb. As I pushed slowly inside of her, letting her pussy get used to my size, I watched as she re-balanced on a single hand so the other could rub her clit as I fucked her. Once her wetness had fully coated my cock, we kept up a feverish pace, both of us focused solely on coming. The tight, enclosed space of the shower filled with our moans.
"Spank me. Hard."
"You like that," I groaned, as the sound of my hand spanking her ass filled the marble shower.
"Again, fuck. Harder," she gasped, "You feel so fucking good inside me."
Her right cheek was starting to look rosy, so I next spanked her left cheek, feeling, as my palm met her ass, her pussy contract around my cock. I moaned, my balls tightening in kind.
"I'm getting close," I said.
"Me too, don't stop. Come in me."
I kept up the pace, constricting my muscles to time my climax with hers. I could tell, by the way her hand was rubbing harder and faster on her clit and her uncontrolled moaning, that she was close to coming. I couldn't hold myself off much longer.
"I'm going to come in you," I moaned.
"Yes! Fuck me, Dan. Fill me. Fill my pussy. I'm going to come with you, fuck, fuck--" She trailed off in pleasure.
I groaned, filling her up with my come and feeling her contract around me, pulling me deeper insider of her. Her breaths deep and ragged, her skin flushed. I slowly pulled myself out of her, a white deposit of cum where my cock once was. She turned around and collapsed onto the bench, and I followed suit. Our cheeks were red, our breath heavy, the water still falling all around us and steaming up the bathroom.
"Holy fuck, that was good," she said, "I might need to reconsider how I feel about having sex in a shower."
"Or we need a bench for our shower at home."
She ran her hand up my thigh and brought me in for a kiss.
"We better finish cleaning up, they'll be back soon."
The "they" Kendall was referring to was Emily and Ryan, who were traveling with us on our mid-summer Caribbean vacation and who we shared our expansive two-bedroom suite with. Despite the ample room in the suite--including dining, kitchen, and living areas--the resort had, in a questionable design decision, positioned the two bedrooms so that the beds shared a wall. When we checked in that morning and surveyed our rooms for the week, Emily had joked about hoping the walls were adequately soundproofed. Knowing Kendall, I thought, we would need more than just soundproofing to keep Emily and Ryan from hearing us.
I checked my phone as I dried off. We'd been in the shower for some twenty-five minutes. When we left the pool, Emily and Ryan said they wanted to stay longer, but I figured they'd be heading back to our rooms soon. I pulled on my boxer-briefs and then laid back on the bed, as I watched Kendall, wearing nothing now but a tiny little tan thong, pull out her hair dryer.
***
It had been a few weeks since I had revealed to Kendall my experiences with Dylan from over a decade ago. Dylan was the first, and only time, I'd ever had a sexual relationship with a man. Relationship might be too strong; we effectively were just fuck buddies that heady summer, using each other to occasionally scratch our needs. It was an experience that I had half-forgotten, half-suppressed, having decided long ago that it was something I would never tell anyone else about. Whereas female bisexuality is often fetishized by mainstream culture, male bisexuality is rarely presented favorably, and I felt straight enough that I chalked it up to experimentation. We both had gone to separate colleges following that exploratory summer and fell out of touch. In college, I exclusively dated women and, in fact, as far as I remember, never even thought about another guy sexually.
Confessions, though, I've found, have a way of unearthing more than expected. Particularly when I had a wife as deviously curious as Kendall.
She, of course, needed details.
What about Hannah, Kendall had asked. Did you keep seeing her? Did she ever find out? How many times did you and Dylan hook up? Was that the only time or were there more? Did you guys ever have sex? Did you ever hook up with anyone else? The questions often came when we'd been out on dates, enjoying good food and good wine, and the conversation, naturally, drifted to sex.
I did my best to answer her questions, feeling freed in a way to talk about experiences I realized I'd never fully processed. I explained that I kept seeing Hannah--and yes, preempting the question I saw forming on Kendall's lips, we did eventually start having sex--but we kept it casual and fun, a summer fling we both realized would end with the end of summer. I didn't ask about anyone else she was seeing (though I was pretty sure she wasn't seeing anyone), and she didn't ask me. I told Kendall that having sex with Hannah was exciting and sexy--nothing, of course, compared to her, I was quick to add--and she was adventurous and unashamed of her desires, which, of course, prompted a smirk and glance from Kendall that conveyed a knowing dominance. Always competitive, Kendall would take stories about former lovers as an open invitation to reassert her place at the top of my sexual totem pole, as it were.
But, despite that, there was something about messing around with Dylan that scratched a different itch, I told Kendall. It was taboo (at least in our unprogressive town), secret, different and, because of that shared bond, intimate in a way that sex with Hannah wasn't. Nothing in our outward behavior changed; Dylan and I remained friends, but not close, and would see each other occasionally at parties but never went out of our way to talk to each other in public. Instead, we would sneak over to each other's houses when our parents weren't home. The pretext of watching porn together long forgotten, we would move straight to making out, feeling each other's hardness through our clothes. We'd move to a bedroom and starting masturbating next to each other, occasionally helping the other out with our hands or our mouths.
I told Kendall that we'd never actually progressed to having anal sex, though, I admitted with some sheepishness, we tried. He'd admitted he was a virgin, and he'd asked if I wanted to try with him. We had fingered each other, so it seemed a natural progression. We didn't have actual lube, so we made do with whatever we could find around his house, which, looking back, was an elementary mistake. Despite our efforts, he was simply too tight, or I was too big, or both, and it hurt him too much as I tried to push inside him.
By then, it was almost August and we started preparing to head off to college. We saw each other a few more times, but then went our own ways. And that was that.
***
Kendall was still working on her hair, and I realized I had gotten hard again, lost in thought. She looked at me in the mirror and then made a pointed glance at my now visible hard on in my boxer briefs.
"Ready again for me so soon?"
I was about to say something when we heard the door unlocking and the voices of Emily and Ryan entering the suite.
"Hey guys! We're back," Emily shouted down the hallway. "We're going to rinse off."
"Ok, sounds good, we just finished showering and I'm getting ready," Kendall said. She'd quickly thrown on her robe and was talking through a crack in our door. "We still good for dinner in an hour?"
Emily said yes, and then I heard the door to their room close and the shower start.
Kendall closed the door and walked over to me, letting the robe pile at her feet and the mischievous grin I loved so much spreading across her face.
"I need to do my makeup soon, but think I can make you come with my mouth in the next ten minutes?"
***
After Kendall had expertly made me come for the second time that day, I threw on a linen shirt and some matching shorts and went out into the living area of our suite and grabbed a beer from our fridge. Ryan joined me soon, freshly showered and similarly dressed in light linen clothes. I noticed he'd gotten a slight sunburn from the extra time at the pool.
Him and Emily were similar in appearance to Kendall and me. Both Ryan and I were dark haired, and Emily and Kendall were blondes (though Emily's was more natural colored). I worked out frequently and had generally maintained the lean frame I'd had from years of playing soccer and running. Ryan, it had turned out, also was a runner and we'd occasionally jog together on weekend mornings or, more lately, play a match of tennis at the courts near our houses. All of us were in our early thirties and we'd met last year when Kendall and I moved into our first house together. They were our neighbors, and, we soon discovered, a delight to live near. Like us, they were childless and were determined to have as many good times as possible before that changed--hence the Caribbean vacation, which we spontaneously agreed to a month ago as we drank and barbequed in their backyard.
Ryan and I sat around in the living area chatting while our wives finished getting ready and dressed for dinner. Kendall was the first to emerge. My mouth fell as I took in her dress.
"Hi boys, what are we up to out here?"
She twirled for us. She was dressed in a white romper, contrasting perfectly with her tanned skin, her blonde hair pulled back in a tight bun. The romper was backless, and the straps, attached to a lacy, low-cut top, only barely supported her large breasts. The cotton bottoms, with a subtle flower pattern, were no less modest: they barely reached a quarter of the way down her defined thighs--accented by heeled sandals--and appeared almost transparent. Whether she was wearing a bra and underwear or not, I would have to find out later (I thought not). I stole a glance at Ryan and saw that Ryan was having a similar reaction to Kendall's revealing outfit.
"Waiting for you, of course," I said, "You look gorgeous."
"Why, thank you. You two clean up nicely as well. Emily should be out soon, too, but, in the meantime, how about a little pre-dinner champagne?" She walked over to fridge, pulling out a bottle of champagne we'd had room service bring in earlier as well as four champagne flutes from the cabinets. As she popped the cork, Emily emerged.
Emily was wearing a paisley print dress, almost sheer, that was as short as Kendall's romper. Her hair, like Kendall's, was done up in a bun, highlighting her neck and collar bones. The V-neck on the dress plunged downward, revealing her ample and tanned breasts, and, when she similarly twirled for us, we saw that her dress also was backless. Kendall let out a wolf whistle.
"Damn, girl, you look hot!" Kendall said, as she finished pouring the champagne into the flutes. "Cheers!"
We all held up our flutes and clinked the glasses together before taking a long swill of champagne.
"Well, boys," Kendall began, wrapping her arm around Emily's waist, pulling Emily into her, and giving her a small kiss on the cheek, "Are you ready to take your hot dates out on the town?"
***
Dinner was a fun affair. We were giddy with the newness of being on vacation and enamored with the location we had chosen--a treehouse-styled resort nestled in the jungles of a Caribbean island, with its own secluded beach down a sandy path. Conversation flowed easily all through dinner. The restaurant was outdoors on the edge of our resort, surrounded by tiki torches, and sat nearly on top of the beach. Gentle waves lapped at the sand. We had an isolated table over near the edge of the roped-off area. All too easily, it seemed, we'd finished three bottles of wine as the last course was taken away. But I, at least, was at the exact right level of drunk and, judging by Kendall's animation and excitement, knew she was, too.
"That was one of the best meals I've had in some time," Emily said. "Great fish."
"Should we grab another bottle of wine? Or we can go grab drinks by the pool bar?" I asked.
"Unless they need this table, I'd say we stay here. This is perfect," Kendall said.
When our waiter returned, he confirmed no parties were waiting for the table and they'd be happy for us to linger. We ordered another bottle of white wine and, after he filled our glasses, Ryan lifted his glass and proposed a toast.
"To Kendall and Dan. You two are great friends, and we are so happy we got to meet you this last year. I think I speak for both of us when I say, this vacation is exactly what we needed. Cheers!"
"Cheers!"
"Cheers!"
"I will say, I do feel like we got extremely lucky. We've never--some, maybe, eight or so different apartments later--had such good luck on our neighbors," I said.
"Or had ones as sexy," Kendall muttered, just audible enough for everyone to hear.
"Hey now, if you're not careful, I'll think you're trying to pick me up," Emily responded, with a knowing wink at Kendall.
"And what's wrong with that?"
"Nothing. Just make sure you're well-rested," Emily said without skipping a beat.
We all laughed and took another sip of the wine.
"No, but joking aside," I continued, the alcohol having the typical effect of making me more loquacious and open. "A lot of our friends now have kids and are harder to see and connect with. It's already hard to meet new people at this age, and it's nice, well--actually, it's great--to meet another married couple that are like us and easy to be with and get along with. Really, now that I think of it, I don't remember having one disagreement on what we would do this week or where'd we stay or how much things would cost. Effortless, in other words."
"Totally agree, this will be a fantastic week and it all came together so easily," Ryan chipped in. "But, to change topics a bit, while you mention it, I'm curious where you two are on the kids question?"
"You know, if it happens, I think it happens and we'll be happy, I'm sure. But I don't think either of us actively want kids at this moment. I guess, we like our freedom to do what we want when we want a bit too much to think about giving some of that flexibility away so quickly," Kendall said.
"I feel the same way. My sister has a little three-year-old girl, a total delight and we love her. But I have to say, every time we finish visiting with them, I am always exhausted. And I look at Ryan and say, not ready for that full time," Emily said with a laugh. "My sister's boobs did get huge when she was pregnant. That side benefit, I wouldn't mind."
"I think you're doing just fine as you are," my wife responded, with an appreciative--almost lusty--glance at Emily's cleavage.
"I am more than satisfied, don't worry," Ryan said.
Emily blushed slightly, and then said, "Plus, you know, having kids around seems like such a downer on your sex life. I'm in the prime of my life, I'm not ready to slow down, you know. I'm already cranky and irritable when I don't get my eight hours of sleep. Add a baby onto that and, well, who knows what might happen. Well, actually, I know what won't happen."
I'd been quiet throughout this exchange, feeling the effects of the alcohol and the lingering arousal seeing my wife--and Emily, too--in their revealing summer dresses, but saw an opening to move the conversation toward more interesting topics.
"So, you two have been married about the same amount of time as us. I always like to compare notes. How do you keep it fresh?"
My wife laughed. "Always Dan with the serious questions."
"Nah, I think it's a fair question," Ryan said. "Obviously we're very happy with each other; it's clear you two are as well. But I think it's natural to have ups-and-downs, you know. The first year of marriage is incredible, I think, and then you start slipping into routines and roles, sometimes unconsciously and forget to check in with each other. So, for us, I think, being proactive about the relationship and having honest communication with each other have always been the priority. And it seems to all flow from that."
Kendall and I were nodding along.
"We've seen too many of our friends get trapped into complacency about their marriages and their lives and go on auto-pilot and forget that a relationship takes work," Emily said, picking up the thread from Ryan. "So, we both agreed that we'd always be open with each other and tell the other the things we were thinking or feeling. Even if we were scared it would hurt the other. Because I think we both agreed, we're in this for the long-haul. We're no doubt going to hurt each other at some point in our lives, that's inevitable. But it's way better, I think, to be hurt by words, which can be explored and talked about and considered, than by actions, which are permanent.
"To take an obvious example, let's say I start working with a new guy at work and I think he's incredibly attractive and--sorry to be blunt--I want to have sex with him. We both understand that if we're in a position like that, it's only going to make things worse if I deny the attraction or don't talk it out with Ryan and instead let it fester. We're only human, right, these things happen, but if you're serious with each other, I think you have to be honest about it, like any other part of your relationship."
My wife couldn't help herself and blurted out, "So, are you saying this from experience?"
"No," Emily laughed. "I mean, not really. To be honest, and this is going to sound lame as hell, coming from a reformed slut like me, but I really haven't wanted to be with another guy since I got married. Sure, I find guys attractive, but I rarely or never take it to the next level and start thinking actively about being with them or having sex with them."
"Wow, I can't think of a higher compliment," Ryan said.
"Sorry, I guess that was also a little forward, and obviously that's your business," Kendall said. "But we stumbled upon the same approach or philosophy as well. I think we already came into our relationship well-suited for each other and had, like, an instinctive feeling for the other. We always seemed to understand each other, and it made communicating so much easier.
"For me, I knew Dan was the one I wanted to marry pretty early on in our dating years. It was the way he treated me as an equal, a true partner. I had for years struggled to understand I was bisexual or apply that label to myself and had alternately denied it or hid it, and really had not told any of the men I dated that I had also dated or been with women in the past because of the way they would look at me afterwards, like I was now reduced to some object to fulfill their fantasies."
I couldn't recall if Emily or Ryan knew Kendall was bisexual. In straight-presenting relationships, it's not something that comes up often, though Kendall has a way of nonchalantly dropping it into conversations. Both Emily and Ryan were listening intently, and no real surprise showed on their faces. Maybe she had, I thought.
"But I remember being on a date with Dan early on," Kendall was saying, "And I remember feeling so comfortable and it just slipping out that, I like women, too. And, after a second of hesitation, he goes, 'Oh, I've known that for some time.' And, just like that, it no longer seemed a big deal or something I needed to hide or be ashamed of, and I realized that he was someone who could understand me and accept me for who I was, and not try to mold me or shape me into something I wasn't or objectify me."
"I gotta ask. How'd you know, Dan?" Emily asked.
"Mostly small things. The way she would frequently talk about how pretty other women were. Not uncommon, of course, but it always seemed like there was attraction there, too, not just appreciation. On her 'hall pass' list--you know, celebrities you get a hall pass with if the occasion arises--she had, what, two women out of five total passes? Maybe three? There's probably some other signs I'm forgetting about. She might have once forgotten to clear her browser history full of lesbian porn. Things like that."
"Shut up, I did no such thing," Kendall said.
"Whatever you say, love."
"Ignore him. But at any rate, I early on felt comfortable with him, with sharing anything with him. We've always talked with each other how important it is to communicate and be honest about feelings." Kendall shot me a subtle, but knowing, smile. Instantly I knew she was thinking of, and acknowledging, my recent confessions about my own same-sex experiences. I smiled back and took a sip of wine.
"This is probably a very-straight-guy question, and I'm sure Emily's going to kill me later, but I guess, is it any different when you see a woman you're attracted to? I mean, I meet a woman, I think she's hot, but I know I can go home to Emily and have not only an even hotter woman, but to be with someone I'm deeply in love with­--"
"--good save," Emily muttered.
"What I'm trying to say," Ryan continued, "You're missing half, right? Dan can satisfy the quote-unquote straight part of your relationship and sexuality, but how do you go about the other half?"
"Don't worry, Ryan, I've had much worse questions from straight guys than that. And, I actually think it's a good question, and probably at the heart of why bisexual people are seen as greedy. Fundamentally, I think what's hard for non-queer people to wrap their head around is that, just because I happen to enjoy and like sex with women, doesn't mean that I automatically need that to be fulfilled in my relationship with a man. It doesn't mean I need to have both a man and a woman to be happy and satisfied. And trust me, I am very satisfied," Kendall laughed and continued. "Do I sometimes want to make out with a hot woman? Of course. But it's not any different than, like Ryan said, having those same thoughts after meeting some hot, new woman. Though being bi does make threesomes much better for all involved."
"Oh--now the real secrets are coming out!" Emily said, a grin spreading across her face and her eyes twinkling--with lust, I imagined (or hoped).
"No, no, I'm kidding," Kendall said. "I just felt it was getting a little too deep here."
"But the cats out of the bag. You can't leave us hanging like that. Have you had a threesome?" Emily asked.
"No, we haven't. And haven't before we met each other either. Part of the reason I often was closeted was because I didn't want my bisexuality to be interpreted as meaning I automatically was down to have a threesome. Sure, I'd think it'd be hot, it's on my bucket list and all, but I want it to be on my terms," Kendall said.
The atmosphere at the table was charged. Everyone was deep into the conversation and, looking around at everyone's faces, I could tell the wine, the talk about sex and the romantic scenery had left everyone feeling aroused. For my part, I was half-hard listening to Emily and Kendall talk and imagining the possibilities that this conversation could lead to. Judging by the rapt attention he was paying to the two women, I assumed Ryan was in the same position as me.
"Ok, that makes sense. So, I mean, what's your ideal threesome scenario, then?" Emily asked, looking at Kendall. While she'd always been open about sex, I was surprised by how hard she was pressing this line of questioning.
"So, we're going there," Kendall said with a smile. "I guess I did bring it up. Obviously, I'd love to have one with another woman. I'd want to share that with Dan. I don't think he'd mind watching--"
"--not at all--"
"And I think I would like to watch him and her too, but I think it would also depend on the person. And, if I wasn't married, I think my ultimate bucket list item would be a threesome with two other women. We'd probably be in bed for two days straight."
"As long as you tell me about it afterwards, I could get comfortable with that," I said with a laugh.
"What about two guys?" Emily asked, a mischievous smirk on her face. I noticed that Ryan was grinning.
"I mean, yes. Though that's a more recent addition to the fantasy list. But, come on, enough about us, I feel like I'm on display."
"I guess that's fair. I don't know if we ever told you how we met. But, um, it was during college. We were both studying abroad, in London. Didn't know each other beforehand, but we met during the trip. It always seemed like a fun fling--you know, being overseas, in Europe, all that--and we kind of treated it like that. We were having sex, but, you know, the group from our college in London with us is full of attractive people and of course London itself is full of attractive people, and we had just met, so we weren't exclusive or anything.
"But, one night, anyway, we're out at a pub. I've been flirting most the night with this one, very sexy guy from New Zealand, I think. I can't even remember his name, but, no lie, he looked like a young Orlando Bloom. Ryan's there, too, and eventually he comes and starts chatting with us. So now it's the three of us and, as you can imagine, they are both very attractive and both seem really into me. I did the natural thing."
"She asked us, almost out of the blue, I think, whether we'd want to go back to her room and continue the conversation there," said Ryan.
"Right, so I've always been a bit brazen, I guess. But, predictably, both guys didn't hesitate and we went back to my room. I'm sure we had a drink or two first, but it devolved pretty quickly from there. Clothes on the floor, some furious making out, and so forth," Kendall said, reddening slightly.
"And it's been happily ever after since," said Ryan, laughing.
"What an origin story," I said, "Was it a one time thing?"
"Well, we definitely had fun that night and into the morning, for that matter, but we had zero expectations. Just a wild night between a bunch of college-aged kids. New Zealand guy went his own way the next day, and we went ours. Ryan and I, to our surprise, kept seeing each other and, you know, eventually fell in love with each other."
"Never happened again?" My wife asked.
"No, it was such an organic and spontaneous night that I think I'd be disappointed if we ever tried to replicate it. But I think you might get a sense now of why I was so curious about you two," Emily said.
"Absolutely, that makes a lot of sense," Kendall said.
By this point, we had finished the fourth bottle of wine.
"Should we continue this conversation back in our room?" I asked, in a mock-serious tone.
"Shut up, Dan, but yes, let's head back," Kendall said.
Ryan and Emily agreed, and we paid the bill and started walking back, two abreast, to the hotel. I had my arm around Kendall, neither of us saying anything, but occasionally trading knowing smiles with each other. Despite our earlier session in the shower, I could tell she was horny and was counting the seconds until she could take our clothes off. I ran my hand along her exposed back.
Up ahead, I saw Ryan and Emily trading similar looks. I imagined they were thinking the same thing as us and, not for the first time that night, I thought about what they would look like naked together.
When we made it back to our suite, we made some movements toward having a night cap, but both couples feigned exhaustion, and we went to our separate rooms. Once our door was closed, Kendall let loose a volley of words in a quiet whisper.
"Holy fucking shit. Can you believe that? Jesus, I was soaking by the time Emily finished talking. And what all do you think they left out? They definitely didn't tell us everything, I'm sure. Who knew? I would never have guessed. I mean, Emily, she's definitely freaky. She's always given me that vibe. So that didn't surprise me. But I never got a similar vibe from Ryan. What a way to meet."
As she was talking, she started taking off her romper, and my earlier question was finally answered. She didn't have a bra underneath, something I'd appreciated occasionally during dinner when her nipples pushed against the light cotton fabric. But she did have on a tiny, lacy white thong. I was admiring the way her thong framed her tight ass and legs, perched on top of her heeled sandals, when we heard the telltale sign of a bed creaking.
"Well, that didn't take long," Kendall said.
A soft moan--unmistakably from Emily--could be heard through the walls. The walls must be even thinner than I'd guessed, I thought. Kendall flicked off her sandals and threw back the covers in bed and lay down.
"Come here, babe."
I removed my clothes down to my boxer briefs and slipped into the bed next to her, running my hand up her side and pulling her into me to kiss her.
She moved her hand down to grab my cock through my boxer briefs. I reciprocated, pushing my finger past the band of her thong. She was wet. I ran my finger along her slit, teasing her opening, and then, with minimal resistance, pushed my finger deep inside of her. She let out a small whimper and looked me in the eyes.
"Push another finger into me. I want to feel it."
I pushed my ring finger in next to my middle and pressed my palm against her clit, my little finger teasing the rim of her asshole each time I pushed inside of her. With one hand on my cock, she started kneading her breast. I took that as an invitation and began lightly nibbling at the bottom side of her breast, kissing my way up and then sucking her nipple into my mouth.
We kept touching each other in this way, foreplay that we were expert at.
"Talk to me, babe," Kendall whispered.
"Mm, I know what you're thinking. You've always had a crush on Emily, haven't you? She's just your type. I've watched the way you look at her, the flirtations, the kisses on the cheek you give her. Am I wrong?"
"Ugh, yes, she's so hot. She looked so hot tonight in that dress. Fuck, that's the spot, right there, keep going," she said.
"But until tonight, you had no idea, did you? That she was as kinky, maybe even more so, than you? You hear her moans, don't you? Through the wall? She knows we can hear, and she doesn't care. Imagine that's you that's making her moan. I bet you could make her come so hard, couldn't you?"
"Yes, yes, keep going. Oh, I want to come so bad."
By this point, Kendall had given up any pretense of trying to jerk me off. Her eyes closed, concentrated on the pleasure I was giving her. I moved my hand up to cup her cheek as I continued fingering her. I could feel her wetness running down to her asshole, which I used as lube in pushing my little finger inside of her ass.
I continued whispering in her ear.
"Tonight was just our first night here. Are you thinking about what could happen over the next week? What could happen between us? Think about all the tension that will build. All of us, barely dressed most of the week, drinking and thinking about sex. Something's bound to happen. You want that, don't you? I can tell by how wet you are. What if, instead of going to our separate rooms, we decide to start fucking each other in front of them? It starts innocently, of course. We start making out while sitting around, but you're competitive. You want to up the ante. You want more. So we start feeling each other up and then you take out my cock and take me into your mouth. They're both watching you. And then they start doing the same. Emily takes off Ryan's shorts and you see his cock for the first time--"
Kendall let out a sharp gasp.
"--and I decide to let you watch, while I return the favor. Your eyes fixed on them, as Emily sucks Ryan off. Maybe Emily's taken off her top at this point, and you're watching the way her breasts, now free from her shirt and bra, move while she goes up and down on Ryan's cock. And I move down your body--like this--in front of them, taking off the rest of your clothes and then taking your pussy into my mouth."
I took her clit into my mouth and sucked, then ran my tongue over her slit and pulled back. I pushed my fingers back inside of her and look up at her.
"Does that feel good?"
"Yes, don't stop, babe."
I went back to licking her pussy and fingering her.
"Keep going, with your hand."
I looked up at her. Her eyes were glazed over, lost in her fantasy.
"You're thinking about me, eating you out in front of them, aren't you--," she let out a little whimper at that; I kept up a steady rhythm with my fingers, "--Who do you think takes the next step? I think you and Ryan make eye contact, he takes in your naked body, while me and Emily are going down on each of you. You look at him and nod. He knows exactly what you want in an instant. He pulls Emily off his cock. You look at him again, his cock wet from Emily sucking him off. He takes off his shirt, so he's completely naked now, just like you. Emily is confused at first, and then, as Ryan stands up and starts making his way over to you, she understands what's happening. She grins, and you lock eyes with her as she too finishes taking off her clothes. I look up and we all share a moment and we all realize what is about to happen. I think she'll want to watch you take two cocks, like she did, don't you think?"
"Yes, fuck. I'm getting so close. I want to come all over your hand. And then you can use me however you want."
I moved my hand up, to wrap lightly around Kendall's throat. She looked at me and nodded. While I pressed down on her throat, I brought one of my fingers up so that she could take it in her mouth.
The sounds of the bed creaking in the other room got louder, and we could hear both Emily and Ryan moaning and grunting.
"Think about it, babe. You're lying there on the couch, exposed, and I'm on my knees, eating you out. Ryan comes over with his hard cock. And you take him in your mouth, mimicking the rhythm of how I'm licking your clit. He reaches his hand down and takes your nipple and squeezes it. You take him deep in your mouth as Emily gets up and sits down on the couch next to you. She wants a closer look at how you're sucking off her husband."
"Oh! Dan, I'm going come! Keep going, don't stop, just fuck me with your hand. Hard."
Kendall was sweating, her skin red. I felt her entire body tense as she got ready to come, and I tightened my grip around her throat. And, then, she's was thrashing on the bed, lifting her hips and then pushing back down to take my fingers into her body as she came all over my hand. I felt a rush of liquid against my hand, and I knew she'd just squirted on me.
Her breath was ragged as she turned to look at me and said, "Now fuck me."
I flipped her over so she was on her stomach. I sat back and grabbed her cheeks, spreading her open as I pushed my cock into her.
"I'm not going to last long after that," I mutter.
"That's fine, I just want to feel you inside me."
I laid down on top of her, letting her feel my body weight as I started fucking her hard and fast, desperate to come.
"Oh, just like that Dan. Use me, use my slutty pussy. I'm going to come again, don't stop. Just fill me up. I want to feel your cum in me."
I sat back up and grabbed her ass in my hands. The sight of my cock pushing into and out of her pussy, her ass spread for me, was overwhelming and I started to come deep inside of her.
"I can feel you. I can feel you coming in me, come, baby," Kendall said, reaching her hand back under her to grab my balls as I came for the second time today inside of her pussy.
I slowly took myself out of her and then laid back on the bed next to her.
"I don't know about you, but I can't think of a better start to the week," Kendall said, looking at me and pulling me in for a kiss.