Stacy Puma had been awake all night long thinking about the suggested ideas for a website following her adventures. So many emerged that she filled three whole pages of her wire bound notebook. She did know one thing for a certain. Her friend Miguel had lit up her imagination by fucking her in a ring of fire. Someday she wanted to recreate that scene but with higher more menacing flames. Her rabid ego needed to show her viewership just how fearless, possibly foolish this hellpussy was. Becoming a crispy critter was a risk she was willing to take.
For now, everything was in a holding pattern. Until she managed to get somebody to build her a site, she would just have to continue her online shows the way she had been doing. Even if her site never happened Stacy was happy to make a decent living. Each extravagant show she was performing was now asking $500 bucks an hour, high end for her dreams. But it was her taking those risks of doing literally everything and anything her lustful loyalists wanted her to do. No other job would ever match that. Of course, she had to go further each time to reach those heights. Her luck would run out eventually. Her demands would need to go lower to keep the money coming in. She was being careless by charging an arm and a leg.
Yesterday while on a road trip to Boulder, Colorado with her friend Xander Coyne she managed to make buku bucks, added funds due to losing track of her scheduled time frame. Her devoted audience went out of their way to compensate the Puma to show their appreciation for the extra effort. Making connections with more and more people meant her sex shows could always call upon certain folks to help her get crazier and crazier. The sky was the limit in her mind.
Notebook aside Stacy kicked back on her loveseat and shut her small touch lamp off. Sitting in the dark she felt like relaxing, her thoughts settling on Xander. On their way back from Boulder he was happy, yet quiet, not even giving her hell for taking off on him and doing her show without his protection. That was unlike him. Xander always looked out for her. Obvious feelings on his part, yet Stacy refused to get involved in any real relationship. Not at this point in her life. Still, she found him in her thoughts more often than she wanted.
He barely talked about the good news he received. The school that he met with had accepted him to go out into the field of archaeology and play Indiana Bones. So weird! Why was he being so secretive? Not that she cared. He was just her lackey. Right? Puckering as she curled up on her loveseat then blanketing herself with a designed throw of a cougar, Stacy Puma fell asleep. To dream a little dream.
Early morning shattered her wicked dreams. Dreading the cheerful exuberance of barn swallows nesting in her neighbor's elm tree birdhouse she wished she had BBs for her gun. Yawning, she crawled from her makeshift bed and crept down her back staircase to her outdoor bath for a brisk shower. Nature felt so alive. Drying off upstairs she got dressed in her favorite black stretchy skirt and a loosely fit button-down white shirt that she left unbuttoned exceptionally low past her cleavage. It would be obvious to anyone seeing her that there was no bra to hide her large perky breasts. The front pocket effect of the shirt however did to a degree mask stiffened nipples. A fair trade at best.
"I haven't worn this blouse in a while. Damn it looks good on me. Guys will be going out of their way to see my front. Question was, will her public embrace it or gripe to high heaven? Risk taken... Puma on the prowl." She posed at various angles in front of her full-length mirror for her own ego's satisfaction. Like her namesake she walked from side-to-side growling at herself just for charisma.
"Ok, boots or heels? I prefer boots but do they match this particular outfit. Hmm? Hoochie boots are too much, I think. Let's show off my muscular legs. Heels it is but boy will my feet hurt if I do much walking. Compromise?" She fidgeted looking over her shoe collection. "I really need to invest in some new shoes. Most of my heels are too high to do a lot of walking. My bag will only carry so much without stuffing shoes in with my laptop, webcam, fake books, wallet, toys, etc. I'll feel like a pack mule. Guess I suffer the heels."
Selecting white heels to match her white blouse and black skirt she took one last look at herself before frowning, "Definitely going shopping." Rolling her eyes, she packed her bag sacrificing a rare moment to look at her wall clock, "9:05. Library should be open. I just hope the Librarian is still Xander's friend who said I could put on more shows from there. If not, things might hit the fan. " She continued to randomly eye the clock knowing the local transportation schedule, "Let's get moving before I miss the next bus."
Heading down her back staircase Stacy rounded the garage and spotted her brother's ole' lady Bree locking the side door to their house. Turning to see Stacy she sized up her bouncy agenda.
"Full frontal so early in the morning?"
"Not full frontal until the skirts around my waist. You must need glasses."
"Probably so. Need a ride?"
"Which way you headed?"
"Going to see my mom. She bought tickets to the Bronco game next week. Thought I would surprise Griffin with them. Please don't ruin that surprise."
"I want to go. Tell Annie to get me a ticket."
"I'll see what she can do. Working at the box office has its perks."
"Awesome! Maybe I can do a show there at Mile High Stadium."
"Right. So, your brother can arrest you once you get caught."
"You know I'll take my chances. We could do a show together." Stacy stuck her tongue out at Bree before flipping her off, "NOT!"
"I happen to like my career, Stacy. Sorry! If you do anything, please don't include me or Griffin."
"Would I do that?"
"I know you'll try." Bree snickered pointing at her dryly with an evil eye.
"Library up town?"
"Sure. Let's ride Tonto."
"Tonto? Who are you? The Blown StRanger?"
"Do I have a penis?"
"Guess not. Moan StRanger?"
"Sure, I'll claim that moniker."
Chuckling they hop into Bree's Jeep, and they departed for downtown. Stacy's feet were safe for the moment, propping her hind paws on her future sister-in-law's dash. Bree growled about it at every stoplight they waited for. The Puma ignored her completely. Heels currently off her painted toenails were sexy.
Curbside delivery out in front of the Municipal Library Stacy offered a thumbs up followed by her infamous middle finger. Luckily, Bree knew Stacy well enough to let her know it was her way of giving thanks. She was never one to vocalize. As the door slammed shut Bree watched Stacy wiggle up the exterior stairs leading to the library entrance then sit her heels on the concrete before stepping into them again. The cheeks of Stacy's ass peeking out from under her skirt hem made Bree scowl and hit the gas. She didn't need to linger there any longer.
Entering the Library Stacy took her time exploring the inhabitants. Surprisingly not many people were around today, of course it was still early. Choosing her desk, she set up her surroundings first. A high back chair to assist in camouflage and a fair share of bookcases to block the view of the center most tables. Once arranged she set up her laptop and cord style webcam. Getting settled she fired up her chatroom entering under her notorious sign on ID of ApacheSlut.
Resorting to thirty minutes of chatting to accumulate interest in her with glimpses on webcam she reeled in over a dozen potential viewers. Only two of them had seen her in the past. To her amusement they praised her in the room to the others, assisting in dragging along prospective observers. Money was harder to gather today. The longer she chatted the more evident it became that today might be a bust. Not wanting to give up Stacy kept trying. Dirty talk became necessary. As did quick peeks at her breasts as she fanned her shirt wide. Finally, she accumulated a measly eight viewers at a hundred dollars an hour each. Nobody seemed to have money today. Groaning she caved and settled for what she could get. Eight hundred was better than nothing.
Typing the rules, she awaited her first request. A viewer named BeaverDayum insisted she immediately strip nude. Examining her surroundings for safety her shirt was removed and set aside. Standing she turned her back to the camera and slithers her skirt down over her ass cheeks ever so slowly, bending forward for a voluptuous full moon. Down to her feet the skirt slipped. Ignoring it she spanked her bottom twice and pried her cheeks apart for a luscious view of her clam and tiny anal canal. The pings were muted but every guy in her room had something dirty to say about her performance. Twisting in step she rolled her palms over her full frontal before returning to her seat.
"Next command." She pecked away at her keyboard.
A strange request led her to peak an eyebrow, "Seriously?" She pondered, reading it a second time. "Take your clothing and place them in two different locations far apart from one another and leave them there." Smirking, she picked up her skirt from the floor showing it to her viewers, followed by her shirt in the opposite hand. Turning in her chair she eyed the people in the library. With so few people here today she felt the request was doable.
Standing up she scooted away from her chair and confidently left her desk. Keeping in the frame of her camera she moved across the large room to stash her shirt over the brass bust of a man on a pedestal. It looked like a wedding veil. Leaving it she turned walking out of the camera shot. Taking her skirt she found a second bust and draped her skirt around it like a turtleneck. It was amusing to her.
Across the room sat a student who happened to look up and spot her. Jaw drooping, he timidly expressed a grin and exhibited a glowing blush before granting her a vivid smile. Fluttering her fingers at him to say hello she returned to her desk. Turning her camera, she showed her audience the skirt and then her admirer who was staring. Camera returned to her body she sat back chuckling. So far so awesome.
"Let's hope he doesn't steal my clothes. I didn't bring a second set." She typed, laughing her ass off. The mere thought attacked the hormones of her viewership. Guys loved her bravado. Rubbing her hands together evilly she cracked her knuckles then pecked the peckers. "Hit me up Losers."
A third command wants her to go talk to the student. She typed back, "He might faint." Chuckling she took a deep breath and checked her vicinity out. Only three people in the whole library sitting area. One on the second floor looking at books. All guys luckily. It was then she noticed a sole girl enter and make her way past the friendly male student. The girl was a stunning long-haired blond roughly 5'5, 100 pounds. She wore a cowboy hat, a western style shirt, and cut off jean shorts. Cowboy boots on over stunning legs.
Frowning Stacy paused her people to see where she might set up shop. Impatience grew swiftly as her viewers decided she might not do as ordered. Flipping them off on cam then sticking her tongue out to razz them she stood tall and abandoned her chair. Turning her camera before stepping away she strutted toward the guy. Seeing her walking toward him his face went from red and grew flushed. Reaching him she bent over with her ass facing the camera, resting her elbows on the large mahogany table.
"Hi." She batted her eyes at the guy.
"You're doing a webcam show, aren't you?" He chuckled dryly.
"Why yes I am. Any complaints?" She wiggled her ass from side to side as part of her allure then reached back spanking herself on her left cheek.
"Not even. I heard rumors of an Indian girl doing shows here. My cousin told me. He said you were smoking hot. That's not even close. You're fucking volcanic."
"Awww! That's really horny of you to say. Gotta name Trigger?"
"Wyatt."
"Wyatt as in..." She belched sounding out the word, "Earp?"
"That was sexy."
"I know. But you still want me." She puckered as if blowing him a kiss.
"You know you have competition, don't you?"
"Competition? Are you going to start your own webcam show?"
"No! I mean from that blond that just walked by. She does shows here too. I've caught her before. She's as crazy as you are." There was something suspicious in his tone that made her narrow her eyes. With a shrug she didn't care any further.
"No pale face is crazier than the Apache. Nice try, QWyatt."
"Don't bet on it. You just wait and see."
"Whatever! I have to go back to my guys. See you in Tombstone." She turned and spanked herself with both hands as she walked away. Wyatt was drooling all over his papers. Looking back Puma spotted the blond hiding in a corner. Chuckling at her secluded spot Stacy rolled her eyes. "No way is she as ballsy as I am." Reaching her desk Stacy sat back down and turned her camera on herself.
"Get this!" She typed for the whole chatroom. "That guy said the blond that just walked in was wilder than I am. Seriously, who does he think he is?"
A viewer typed back with, "That's Jenna McKenna. I've watched her a few times. She's sexy as hell."
"Better than this smoldering, Desert Rose?" Stacy scowled!
"Not even close. I prefer dark meat." The man typed, "LOL".
"Right! Next command."
Her fourth challenger insisted she go meet the blond in person. Pausing a minute, she sneered at the camera before typing back with, "Are you setting up a duel at High Noon?"
Laughter filled the chatroom along with their crude comments. She snickered at their goading to fulfill just that. Eying the blonde's direction she witnessed the girl stand up to change out of her clothing. Literally watching her every move Stacy noted the girl with milky white flesh strip her shorts off and put on of all things ass less chaps. Puckering her lower lip Stacy mumbled, "Right on!" Seeing the girl tie her shirt into a bow over her belly button and reveal a large cleavage made the Puma growl. Discovering Stacy's eye contact the blond winked at her. In turn she sat back down to talk to her own viewership.
Nodding her applause Stacy looked about her before the long journey. The guy on the second floor was now leaning on the railing reading his book. He could easily see Stacy should he try. Shrugging playfully, Stacy rose from her seat and trained her camera straight down the walkway at the blond. This gave her watchers a bird's eye view of Stacy stalking the Cowgirl, Puma style. Moving past Wyatt, she growls at him with a flipped bird that made him bulge his eyes. He had to stretch away in his seat to observe her every strut. The Apache was fucking insane.
Arms folded over her chest Stacy stood directly behind the blond tapping the toe of her white heeled shoe on the carpet. The blond hadn't even noticed her arrival. Stacy saw her camera on and flipped off her viewers before wagging her tongue at them. She then offered them a peek at her breasts. Pinching her own nipples, it only took a few moments for the blond to catch on. Her audience cluing her in with, "Who's your friend? She's hot. Is this a Cowboys and Indians movie?"
"What are you yahoo's talking about?" Jenna McKenna typed just before Stacy plucked the cowboy hat off the top of her head. Marching away with-it Stacy took the hat over to Wyatt and placed it on his head. He busted up laughing.
"Hey! Give me back my hat." The blond stood up and gave chase looking around for her own safety. Her bare butt cheeks were wiggling beneath her chaps. A perfect set of heart shaped cheeks at that. Only her thong hid her inner thighs. Reaching Wyatt, she grabbed her hat from his scalp and put it back on. Hands on her hips she waited for Stacy to sit down and start typing again. Glancing over at Wyatt, Jenna reached over pinching his cheek.
"You know the Indian?"
"ApacheSlut."
"THE ApacheSlut?" Jenna seemed impressed, "I've heard about her. Prettier than I imagined. You can watch out for my ass while I go get even with her. Dork!"
"I can do that." Wyatt sighed as she traveled her paces toward Stacy. Those lily-white cheeks gave him an instant arousal. What big blue eyes and perfect white teeth began; her ass cheeks finished. Wyatt Burp had to adjust his crotch.
Just as Stacy had done to her, Jenna folded her arms over her rather large 38C's and smirked at the Apache's camera. Noticing the feather clip dangling from Stacy's raven hair Jenna carefully reached one hand over to unclip it and brush Stacy's face with its silkiness. Huffing through the corner of her lips Stacy read her messages that told her the gunfight was at the Hellyeah Corral. Looking back the Puma found the Cowgirl dangling her feather clamped to an exposed nipple. She swiftly took off walking. Reaching Wyatt, she tickled his nose with the feather then clipped it to his ear. Wyatt was awestruck.
"That bitch." Puma hissed before leaping to her feet pursuing her lucky eagle feather. Wyatt had already unclipped it and held it out for her in passing. Stacy snatched it up and headed directly for Jenna's seat. Reaching her, Stacy whipped her swivel seat around leaning on both of its arms to face the blond eye to eye, "You're stepping on Indian land Calamity Pain. Better head back to the Ranch."
"You're really going to pick a fight with me Jokeahontas?" Jenna glared up at her.
"Jokeahontas? Alright Blondie let's duel. You stay on your side of the tracks; I'll stay on mine."
"That's no fun." The blond smirked.
"I bet you won't even get naked like I do. Enjoy your Barn Dance."
"You, too. Go smokem peace pipe." She fluttered her knuckles enticing Stacy to leave.
Eyes rolling Stacy shook her head, "I smokem better than you ever could."
"Doubtful."
"What's your sign on name? Hoedownforthecount?"
"Funny. Nope! I go by RodieHoe. You were close. What's yours, Tail of Tears?"
"Ah now that's just mean. Prepare to be scalped."
"Bye now." Jenna waved at her as Stacy headed for her seat, pinning her feather back into her beautiful raven black hair. Jenna McKenna had to smile. This was so much fun.
As Stacy consoled her viewers they couldn't stop laughing. She finally joined them. It was pretty funny. After getting her fair share of ribbing in she called it, "Next challenge, Ass wipes." A fifth command led her to lay on the big table directly beneath the guy leaning on the second-floor railing. Noticing the perfect trajectory between his perch and the table below she grinned. Puffing her lower lip she gave them a thumbs up. Stepping away the camera followed her.
The viewing angle was tight. The guy could be seen in his entirety if her laying on the table revealed only her body. As if they really needed to see the table anyway. Shuffling cautiously, she once again flipped off Wyatt. He ate it up observing her sit up on the table scooting back to lay down on her backside. In a moment of inspiration Stacy drew her legs over her head and tucked her ankles behind her neck. Reaching around her she patted her pussy multiple times while looking up at the man.
A shrill whistle from across the room made the man look up and then directly down at Stacy. Stacy waved at him grinning from ear to ear. His expression priceless, he in turn looked up at the source of the whistle. There was Jenna McKenna fluttering her fingers shamelessly wearing only her hat and chaps. Her thong was long gone. Stacy continued her show by fingering her pussy for the man above. He gave her a thumbs up and watched as Jenna crept up on Stacy by crawling under her table. It was certainly entertaining.
Unaware of her adversary Stacy gave her viewers an extended show. Fingering herself while rubbing her clit at the same time. It felt great. Suddenly, up from the floor rose Jenna bearing a weapon of her own. Using her body weight to hold Stacy she removed the Puma's claws and buried her face into the Apache's twat. Stacy bulged her eyes at the girl's boldness. Arching her back while releasing her legs to fan wide she spotted Wyatt holding Jenna's laptop allowing her audience to view their duel.
"If we're going to duel let's do this thing right. Haul your lily-white ass, up on this table."
Jenna sat her hat aside, lifting her wet chin up from Stacy's snatch. Examining the room, they found more onlookers. Out of the woodwork came two more men and a girl. All were intrigued.
"What you got in mind JPow Wow?" Jenna smirked.
"69 paces. Squirm and fire." Stacy chuckled.
"That there's a lot of pacing in spurs." Jenna crawled up on the table to join her. Turning around she straddled Stacy's face and lowered her thighs over her profiles. Sitting up on Stacy, Jenna reclaimed her hat and acted as if she was riding a bull. Wyatt carried Jenna's laptop circling the table for awesome shots of Stacy's tongue licking Jenna. Jenna smirked at her viewers and called out a muffled, "YEEHAW!"
Sitting the laptop on the table facing Jenna, Wyatt ran over to grab Stacy's laptop. Training her computer at a different angle, Wyatt was a huge help to both sluts. Gagging at Jenna's hairy bush Stacy turned the tables on her. Wrestling with Jenna she lost her hat and nearly knocked off her laptop. Wyatt saved the day.
Pinning Jenna down on the table Stacy sat on her face this round. Winking at Wyatt, Stacy choked, "Go grab my backpack. Hurry it up, Xander." She realized her mistake and rolled her eyes. This Wyatt was certainly no Xander Coyne. Hurrying back, Stacy dug into her satchel while feeling the effects of Jenna's wagging tongue. From her bag Stacy pulled out a can of shaving cream and a Lady Bic razor. Everyone gasped at her extreme stunt. Stacy sprayed cream on Jenna's pubic hair and tossed it at Wyatt. Feeling the lather Jenna fought back biting Stacy's clit. Grimacing at the pain Stacy growled, "You bitch."
Struggling to keep her pinned down Stacy begins shaving Jenna. The war was tedious but rather than bleed out Jenna finally gave up and fed on Stacy. After five minutes of shaving her Jenna McKenna was baby soft and kissable. Razor tossed away Stacy buried her face into Jenna's pussy. The true duel began, both girls moaning loudly. Another five minutes Jenna squirted all over the Puma's whiskers. Three more minutes the Puma pissed on Jenna, then, had a rip-roaring orgasm. The library audience laughed their asses off. Jenna was not especially pleased by the urine.
Finishing up the librarian stepped from a back room to witness the two women breathing heavily. Recognizing Stacy from a few weeks back the librarian shook her head and confirmed that none of the patrons were offended. Hearing zero complaints the librarian encouraged the girls to get dressed. Both women seemed to be getting chummy suddenly.
"I told you I was going to scalp you."
Jenna looked at her freshly shaven pubic region and puckered, "Good job! Without water even. Not a single Knick. I can't believe you carry shaving cream and a razor with you."
"Never know when a good show needs a little more hotness. Guys love to see a girl shave themselves on cam."
"I'll keep that in mind. I'm Jenna by the way."
"I'm the Squaw that kicked your ass."
"We should tussle more often. Maybe without the potty break." Jenna climbed down to receive her clothing via a helpful Wyatt. "Thanks Little-- man." A swift change of clothing Jenna grabbed her laptop and strolled off to tend to her viewers. Stacy in turn expected him to bring her the clothing she had discarded but instead he shrugged. Looking around she realized they were missing. Jaw drooping the Puma chuckled.
Hopping down from the table she merely bent over and started typing her own audience. "Somebody stole my clothes. I guess I walk out of here wearing a copy of Catcher in the Rye." Her men busted up at her jest. Things gathered up Jenna returned to discover Stacy's predicament.
"Not getting dressed?"
"Nothing to wear. Nobody spotted the thief. Are you sure it wasn't you, Colorado Kid?"
"I'm not that mean. I can loan you my ass less chaps." She lifted her bag sitting it on the table. Puma puckering looked inside. Within her bag was Stacy's skirt and shirt.
"Thought you weren't that mean Klepto."
"Just seeing how tough you really are. You're fearless. I love it." Jenna offered up Stacy's clothing. Instead, Stacy rifled through the bag for the chaps. Putting them on she smiled at the fit.
"Not my first Rodeo." Stacy swiped Jenna's cowboy hat and put it on, "Give an Apache a ride home?"
"Only room on my horse for one rider."
"Good! My family is known for being horse thieves."
"You're awesome ApacheSlut."
"Wish I could say the same Dancing with Poodles."
They walked out together as Stacy used the Stetson to cover her snatch. Her tits in plain sight jiggling with each step taken. The librarian was still shaking her head and trying not to laugh. Camera footage would need to be scrubbed. Wyatt tailing them just for kicks recorded them on his cellphone.
"Looks like it's time to shoot down, Deputy Doggin'." Stacy frowned!
"Oh, you mean my brother Wyatt?"
Stacy halted in her tracks, "Brother?"
Laughing Jenna motioned Wyatt closer, "Go get the Moped."
"On it." He darted past them crossing the street toward a parking meter.
"Seriously Cowgirl? That's your horse?"
"My car was let out to pasture. The Moped belongs to our uncle. Why do you think I'm doing shows? I need the cash to buy a car."
"Brother? Wow! I have a brother too. DPD."
"He likes DP?"
"Ha! Funny girl. Who knows he might."
"Are you really going to go home wearing only my chaps?"
"Fuck no. I'll take my clothes back now."
"Good! I don't want to see my new friend arrested."
"I'd be out in fifteen minutes."
"Right your brother's a Cop."
"Nawww! I'd fuck the guards."
"I bet you would." She handed Stacy her skirt and button-down shirt. Stacy merely stuffed them into her own bag and flipped the brother and sister off. Hopping down the library steps the naked Apache tossed her bag over her shoulder and heads down the sidewalk. Cars were tooting horns, bicyclist's nearly crashing, people on foot stopping to stare and take cell pics. Jenna McKenna just could not believe the woman's balls.
"Hey! I need my chaps back." She yelled as Stacy caught a ride from a passerby, "Fuck! That slut." The car braked just long enough for Stacy to toss the chaps out the window into honking traffic. Another finger lifted out telling them to "Fuck off."
"I told you she was insane." Wyatt pulled the Moped up to the curb. Hopping behind him on the seat Wyatt drove over to grab her chaps from the street. As Jenna tucked them in her bag she grins with excitement.
"So am I Little Brother. So am I."
"Hold on to your hat."
Jenna McKenna would hold onto more than her hat. A memory worth holding onto indeed.
Stacy Puma sitting nude next to a perfect stranger smirked. "You can pull over here. I'll walk."
Disappointed the middle-aged man let her out on a corner. She got dressed at the stoplight in front of dozens of cars. Catching a bus she sat back chuckling, "I should have called her Pale Rider."
They would cross paths again.
Like two pussies in the night.
The librarian had to clean urine and creamy pubic hair off of that table.
Nonetheless she laughed.