After an intense orgasm and a few minutes of cleanup, I decided I would take our host's suggestion to take a quick break and re-fuel. I invited Suzie to join me and she agreed, right after a little bit of cleanup of her own.
I loved how my cock felt after an orgasm. Even though it was getting soft quickly, there was still a good amount of blood still engorging my organ, giving me some added thickness. The added girth made my cock swing a good amount when I walked, adding some extra confidence with each step. And with Suzie and her voluptuous ass walking in front of me, it would have been easy to get another quick erection. But I tried my best to save it for a bit later.
As we entered the kitchen, I saw Peggy chatting with two other guests. The television in the living room now had some different porn showing couples having sex. A couple guests were on the sofa with some others gathered around, apparently watching a man on the sofa masturbate. He had an impressive 8 inch cock in his hand, stroking away. His wife holding some paper towels in her hand, waiting anxiously for her husband to cum as a few onlookers cheered him on.
Shouts of "Come on, you can do it." or "Let's see that cum!" and "Pump that cock" echoed from the audience. And in just a few moments, the man let out a grunt and squirted his cum onto his chest. I saw one large spurt followed by a couple smaller spurts the crowd cheered. His wife then quickly assisted in the cleanup, making sure to wipe up any semen off his chest and cock.
Just seeing the crowd's excitement and hearing them cheer on the man that was masturbating was incredibly arousing as I felt my cock start to fill with blood again, making it arch out at a 45 degree angle.
Suzie politely excused herself and said she wanted to check out some of the other rooms. As she left, one of the couples I had seen earlier stood next to me. They smiled and asked me if I was enjoying the club and I told them yes, and that it was very exciting for me as a first timer. They introduced themselves as John and Mary and made small talk with me for a few minutes as we snacked on some fruits and drank some beverages. I especially liked it when the wife would sneak glances at my cock, always smiling as she did so. The husband would glance down occasionally as well, perhaps doing some comparison of his own.
John had a shorter, but stout looking cock, with balls that hung low. This couple looked to be in their early 50's and their all over tans hinted that they probably frequented nude beaches. They both seemed very comfortable in their skin. Just as I was about to excuse myself, Mary spoke, "You know, John and I have been to these meetings several times, so almost all of the members are very familiar to us. But, it's always nice to have new members join to keep things fresh. And we don't often see a young man like you, or at least, someone your age."
I smiled bashfully as Mary once again looked me up and down, eyes lingering on my cock. "John and I would love to watch you, if you'd be interested."
I could see John smiling as well as the thought of having them watch me was sending more blood down to my cock. "I would be happy to." I responded before my obviously growing erection could give away my answer.
I followed John and Mary down the hallway as we searched for an open room. Once there, they sat down on the sofa as I sat on one of the chairs facing them. "I'm so glad you can share this with us." Mary said as both she and John dropped their hands between their legs, giving me my queue to start as well.
"...share this with us..." I thought to myself. What a beautiful way to express this activity. The freedom to pleasure ourselves and the sharing element that this group opportunity provides. "I'm very happy to share this with you as well." I told them as I reached down and took my cock in my hand.
I stroked it slowly at first, as my cock quickly grew into a full erection. I would periodically reach down and cup my balls, giving them a gentle squeeze as I stroked my cock. I would also occasionally lean back and close my eyes as I stroked, just listening to the soft moans coming from both John and Mary.
As I opened my eyes, I would watch Mary gently rubbing her pussy, and tracing her clit in small circles. John was stroking his cock, still not completely erect but growing with each stroke. Mary would sometimes reach over and take his cock in her hand. Her expert hand making him completely hard in no time.
As the precum started flowing from my cock, I spread it on the head, just as I did earlier that night in front of Peggy. I loved the feeling of the warm, slippery liquid on the sensitive head. Mary watched intensely as I rubbed the precum with my thumb as it continued flowing out of my cock as her husband John continued stroking his thick, 6 inch cock.
Occasionally, someone would stop at doorway, observing us for a few moments before they wandered off to the next room. The old man with the huge cock stopped by for a couple minutes and casually stroked his massive organ before walking away. I even spotted Peggy and Suzie as they poked their heads in the room, watching the show for a short while before they departed down the hallway.
I could see John start to speed up his strokes. Mary looked over to him and quietly asked, "Oh baby, are you going to cum again?"
"Oh yeah." John gasped.
Mary put her hand on his thigh and rested her head on his shoulder and whispered, "Oh yes baby. Give it to me. Cum for me baby. Give me that cum."
John's body tensed up as he grunted and shot his load. The first spurt was surprisingly powerful, followed by a couple more good spurts. "Yes, baby yes." Mary said as John continued pumping his cock, squeezing out the last drops.
John then turned to his wife and said, "Your turn baby."
Mary then began rubbing her pussy with greater speed. John then reached over, between her legs and soaked his fingers in her pussy juice before sticking a finger up her slit. Mary moaned and rubbed her clit in small but furious circles.
It was so hot watching them. I was on the verge of cumming but I wanted to see and hear Mary cum. As John fucked her pussy with his finger, Mary watched me pump my cock. Her breathing was rapid as she opened her mouth, then let out loud, guttural moans as she came.
The intensity of hearing her cum pushed me over the edge as I yelled, "Oh fuck!" Both John and Mary looked over at me as I shot out the first blast of cum. The spurt flew out into the middle of the room and onto the floor, followed by at least 5 other sizable spurts. Ropes of my cum shot out onto the floor in front of us. I had forgotten to point by cock upwards to guide the cum towards me and minimize any unnecessary collateral damage. But I was so engrossed in Mary's orgasm that I instead pointed by dick outward and shot onto the floor between us.
As my orgasm subsided and I squeezed out the remaining drops of cum from my cock, Mary spoke first and thanked me, "That was wonderful, Josh. Thank you for sharing that with us. John doesn't usually cum twice at these meetings, but I guess he was pretty excited tonight. Weren't you, baby?" Mary said as she turned towards her husband.
"Oh yeah baby. Watching Josh tonight was a real treat." John commented. "Oh, and by the way, nice cumshot, Josh." John added. "Really impressive. Wasn't it, Mary?"
"Oh yes. Quite impressive." Mary responded. "I hope we get to see you again at the next meeting. Or maybe again later tonight, if you're up for it." Mary again giving me a flirtatious smile and a wink.
After a few brief moments of blissful rest, it was cleanup time. Mary and John grabbed the nearby cloth towels and I reached for the paper towels nearest to me. I diligently cleaned up my cum from the floor, making sure not to leave anything behind for someone to slip on, while John and Mary cleaned each other. After we were sure we took care of our mess, we got up and headed to the kitchen again for some more snacks and beverages.
Back in the kitchen, I saw a few other members chatting. Peggy was there chatting with the older gentleman with the huge cock. Mary and John teamed up with the other married couple I had seen earlier. It sounded like they were recommending their favorite nude beaches.
Over in the living room I saw Suzie chatting with the gay couple I saw earlier in the evening. I also noticed all three of them glancing over at me several times. I couldn't hear what they were saying, but I was certain I was a subject of their conversation.
As I snacked on some crackers and re-hydrated with some fruit juices, the tall blond I saw at the beginning of the evening came up to me and introduced herself as Becky. She mentioned that this was only her second meeting at this club, but she really liked it and that everyone in the group was so nice and welcoming.
We each revealed a bit about how we got here and what made us want to spice things up, so to speak. She too enjoyed nude beaches from time to time, but confessed they weren't always her favorite places. She found some men to be a bit too leering. Often, some would simply come up to her and strike up a conversation while casually stroking their cocks in front of her, while all she wanted was to enjoy a peaceful day at the beach.
Boundaries. I supposed some people don't quite know where the proper boundaries are, but this is why she enjoyed this particular club and feels safe here. Everyone knows and respects the rules and each other. I too told her how happy I was to have found this group. I mentioned my online cam friend, Suzie, was the one who recommended this group.
Becky told me she really liked her and that Suzie was very kind to her at the last meeting. Becky even mentioned how they ended up watching each other at the end of the night and it was a great experience.
"I can only imagine." I thought to myself. That would have been quite an arousing sight, watching those two ladies masturbating in front of each other. I could already my cock expanding again as I thought of Suzie and Becky.
I have to say, I was amazed at how aroused I was, especially have having just had an orgasm for a second time during the course of the evening. I started to wonder if I had another one in me. My cock however was telling me, "Yes!".
In the corner of my eye, I spotted Suzie getting up from the sofa and walked towards us. I also saw a few of the members starting to get dressed as they said their goodbyes to the group. As Suzie approached, she smiled at Becky, then glanced at me, looking me up and down again as her eyes lingered on my cock.
God, how that turned me on. I loved the way each of the women took their time looking at my body, looking at my cock. It felt like my cock never got completely soft, partly due to the visual stimulation, partly due to some of the playfully sexual conversations I overheard, but mainly due to the feeling I felt when one of the women would stare a bit longer than expected at my cock, sending a bit more blood into my organ. Whether or not they could see it throb when they looked, I couldn't say for sure. But I was definitely enjoying the exhibitionist part of this club.
Peggy rejoined us in the kitchen after she bid farewell to some of the guests. She once again stood next to me and smiled and asked me if I was still enjoying myself. I told her I was. I asked her how long the club members typically stayed at the party.
"Oh, most stay an hour our two." she responded. "They usually have one or two orgasms before they go. But there are a few who stay longer and manage another orgasm or two. Especially ouryoungermembers." she added, with another slightly wicked smile as her hand touched my back, then slid down to my butt and gave it a gentle squeeze.
I wasn't quite sure how to respond to that. It felt like it could be just a playful tease, or perhaps a challenge to my youthful stamina. Either way, I once again felt a surge of blood flowing into my cock, extending it a bit more.
By this time, the only members left were the host Peggy, Suzie, Becky, and one of the married couples, John and Mary. As the group chatted for a few minutes, I saw Suzie lean over and whisper something into Peggy's ear. They both smiled and Peggy appeared to nod approvingly.
"So Josh," Peggy said to me, "at the end of the night, we like to get everyone together in the living room and enjoy one last session with the whole group."
My eyebrows rose as I definitely liked what I was hearing. "And we like to give our newest members the opportunity to be the, um... , main attraction, so to speak." Peggy said, again with that mischievous grin. My ears perked up as I started to imagine what Peggy had in mind.
Peggy then added, "And last time, since it was her first time, Becky was the star of the show." Becky smiled as the group looked in her direction.
"So then, what do you think, Josh? Would you like to be our 'star' tonight?" Peggy asked.
I paused for a second, scanning the group to gauge their interest as well and all seemed to be smiling at me, almost encouraging me to say yes. I didn't want to seem overly excited, but I'm sure it was difficult for me to hide my enthusiasm at the idea.
"Well, it seems like a fun way to end the evening." I told the group. "And after all, it is a masturbation party, right?"
"Great!" Peggy exclaimed. "Now then, let's all gather back in the living room and get seated. Josh, you can grab a chair and sit here in front of the group, or if you prefer, you can also stand, whichever you'd like."
Hmm, I wondered to myself if standing was a better choice. It seemed to add to the excitement of being in front of everyone, standing tall, standing ... erect. "I think I'll stand." I told Peggy. "But, can I ask you for a favor?"
"Of course!" Peggy responded. "What can I do for you?"
After two very exciting, but very vigorous masturbation sessions, I felt I was going to need a little help, or some serious chaffing was about to ensue. And having neglected to bring my own lube, I was going to need some help. "Well Peggy, I'm a bit embarrassed to ask..."
"Oh, you don't need to be embarrassed." Peggy said in a comforting manner. "What do you need, dear?"
"Well, would it be OK if I borrowed some lube?" I bashfully asked.
"No problem at all. I'll go grab some for you." Peggy responded, much to my relief.
As I stood in the center of the room, John and Mary sat down on the sofa while Suzie and Becky took seats on the nearby chairs. My cock was already at half mast just thinking about the arousing scene. Me, about to masturbate in front of all these people while they watched and masturbated with me. Suzie gave me another wickedly naughty grin and moved her hand down between her legs, getting herself ready for the show.
In a few short moments, Peggy returned with a bottle in her hand. "Here you go, sweetie." But before I could take the bottle, she stopped and asked, "Would you like a little help getting started?"
I was somewhat shocked at her boldness, but I was intrigued, not quite sure where she was going with this. She then leaned in and whispered, "I'd love to get my hand on your cock again."
I turned towards her, smiled and said, "Oh, yes please." Peggy then took a hold of my cock in one hand and poured lube all along the length of my shaft and into her hand and began massaging the slippery liquid into my cock. Her touch felt electric. In no time, I felt my cock surge to a full erection, harder than I've ever been before. This woman hadveryexperienced hands.
As I enjoyed the pleasures of Peggy's hand, I could see Becky watching intensely. Her eyes watching every movement of Peggy's hand on my cock as she stroked it firmly and expertly. Becky's fingers moving up and down her moist slit. I could see it glistening as she ran her fingers up and down, rubbing her slippery juice on her clit, then back down to her pussy.
Mary was reaching over and stroking John's cock while his hand was back down between her legs. Mary looking over at John from time to time as she stroked his hardening cock, perhaps proud of his newfound arousal and stamina.
Suzie also watching and playing with her pussy. She would causally look me in the eyes as she masturbated, then looked back down to watch Peggy expertly handle my cock.
Peggy stroked and squeezed my cock, pumping it in her hand. She made sure every inch of it was covered in that slippery lube, pausing now and then to spread it over the head of my cock. I could feel my cock throb in her hand as the stroked me.
When the precum started oozing out, Peggy would take her thumb and spread it around, mixing it with the rest of the lube, then slid her hand back up and down my cock from root to tip. "Mmm, so firm." Peggy said approvingly. "I just love a young cock." she said has she continued massaging my cock.
What seemed like an eternity of bliss was probably just a few minutes and I didn't want it to end. But Peggy, seemingly satisfied with the results of her skills, finally spoke, "Well now, I think you can handle it from here, don't you?"
"I think I can." I responded as I reached down to take a hold of my cock. "Thank you, Peggy."
As Peggy walked back towards the sofa, she was greeted by a number of congratulatory phrases including "Great job, Peggy", "Well done", "Nice handjob", and "You really know what you're doing". She then sad down on the sofa next to John and Mary and joined the group masturbation session.
With the group's attention now back on me, I proceeded to stroke my cock slowly but firmly. God how exciting and arousing this was. My cock was hard and throbbing in my hand, precum flowing non-stop. I tilted my head back, trying my best to fully enjoy the experience without blowing my load too soon as I stroked my well lubed and slippery cock in front of the group.
In just a few minutes, I could already hear some members of the group breathing faster and moaning louder. Becky looked to be approaching orgasm first. Her hand moved faster over her clit and pussy, eyes fixed on my cock and locked in concentration. Her moans grew louder and louder, with more and more intensity as she then tilted her head back, mouth open, then gasped as she came.
Suzie soon followed, moaning louder and louder, one hand on her clit and the other hand on her breast, rubbing her nipple. She too gasped loudly as the climaxed. God she sounded so damn sexy when she came.
I was nearing my own orgasm when the group started shouting encouragements. "Come on, Josh", "You can do it", "Stroke it". Each one sending me closer and closer to the edge as I pumped my cock. The sound of my hand sliding up and down my shaft, covered in the slippery lube, echoed loudly, obscenely.
"Give us that cum", "Squirt for us, baby", "Pump that cock", "Give it to us". Even Peggy began to convulse and spasm as she too came and moaned loudly. That was all it took as my body tensed, leaned back, and squirted out a large, thick, creamy rope of cum out onto the living room floor.
"Yes!", "That's it!", "Oh yes!", "Squirt it!" they cheered as squirt after squirt of cum spewed from my cock. Four, five, six powerful squirts like I've never experienced. It felt like my cock was truly exploding.
After the last of the main spasms had ended and I caught my breath, I slowly squeezed out the last remaining drops of cum from my cock. I nearly fell back, exhausted from the ordeal, but was able to retain my balance as I held my softening cock in my hand.
As I opened my eyes, the group gave me some additional chants of "Well done", "Thank you, Josh", "So much cum", and "Amazing".
When I finally made eye contact with the group, I simply stated, "That was intense!".
"Yes it was." I heard Mary say. Peggy then followed with, "Healthy young man". Then John with, "Another great cumshot, Josh".
I finally gathered my thoughts enough to give thanks to the host, "Thank you so much for this, Peggy. I really enjoyed myself tonight and I hope I can come back and join you all again."
"You're very welcome, Josh. It was a pleasure having you." Peggy responded. "Now then, you know the rules." she smirked as she grabbed a handful of towels and threw them my way. "You know what to do."
I laughed along with the group as I got to work, cleaning up my mess. Not a bad deal for such a pleasurable experience.
As the night came to an end, we all said our goodbyes and even exchanged contact information. Over the next few weeks, we even chatted with each other online, even getting together multiple times with a group cam session on the same website I found Suzie on. I enjoyed jerking off for them as they masturbated with me. During one of the cam sessions, we were all treated to a show with Mary giving John a blowjob, which was something we encouraged them to do at the next live meeting. I of course still enjoyed the one on one sessions with Suzie. Damn she was sexy. I couldn't wait to see her and those magnificent tits again in the flesh, so to speak.
It was only a few months before Peggy posted the date of the next meeting. I was excited to return and enjoy another great experience with that group.
Peggy herself sometimes hinted at a special meeting at her home with just the two of us. And I was finding it difficult to resist that tempting offer. My cock certainly remembers her skilled hands and grew hard each time I thought about it.
Well, happy masturbation, everyone!