It had been an excruciating three days since Heidi Baker had invited her play toy from the mall home with her. Videos and phone sex every day since kept them entertained. Today however was the day. The stress was heavy on her guest not knowing what he was getting into in meeting Heidi's dad. Well, roleplay dad! He shouldn't be too worried knowing what his own father was like. Deep down the young man with the pink mohawk was suffering more over the reverse end of it, the inevitable day when luscious Heidi met his crazy ass parents. Now that was giving him an ulcer. There was nothing normal about them. Tough life!
"Are you sure your dad is cool with my coming home with you?"
Weaver Kytes followed four steps behind Heidi Baker after leaving his band van out in the parking lot of her apartment building. Having given her a ride home from work he appeared edgy about meeting her dad again, especially after him dating his old classmate, Cleo Teleki. Not really her dad, Heidi found it amusing to see the mohawk styled punk rocker sweat over the inevitable reunion. By referring to Zach as her dad it not only protected her new home but gave her a sense of security considering she barely knew this young man that she was growing fond of.
Working at the mall together at different outlets while still seeing each other in passing over the last week, she enjoyed teasing him. Going so far as to give him a shocking BJ in the dressing room of her employer's store. That same day she fucked three men on video just for Weaver. That was not planned, it just happened when she was looking for punk clothing fashion in the store he worked at. Meant as a surprise, it became a much more vivid gift. He was hooked from that point on. What man wouldn't be? Heidi Baker could easily be the twin of actress Dove Cameron, with possibly a tad more weight in all of the alluring places. Strangely enough the real Dove was from Seattle as well. Small world!
"Relax Blomeo, my dad has a girlfriend over. He's probably too busy tapping her gorgeous ass to even notice us." He presumed it might be Cleopatra Teleki herself. Great!
"Blomeo?"
"I blew Romeo... so, Blomeo." She giggled going up the single flight staircase, lifting her short skirt over her ass cheeks just to taunt him. Wearing a red G-string that was lacy let him see her clam's thin moist crease. His dick was having fits. Smirking at her mischief he sped up the stairs behind her just to grab that ass. Squeals of laughter led them into a joint dash for her apartment door. Stopping before entering, Weaver made his move and pressed his body into hers against the wall to the left of the door. His hands on the wall to each side of her he went in for a smoldering kiss. She enjoyed the moment until they heard shrill moans on the other side of the door. Pausing their inhaling lips, they listened to a startling admission of, "EAT THAT PUSSY ZACH. OH, MY GOD!" That sexy voice was definitely not Cleopatra's voice. Weaver inquisitively puckered his lips, touching Heidi's without the kiss itself as he listened more closely. Her dad sure got around.
This led Heidi and Weaver to snicker and continue kissing. Five long minutes the two shared tongues, Weaver daring to squeeze Heidi's breasts for a soft lingering adventure. Lost in their romantic interlude they tuned out everything, including Zach and Khloe Vaughn's sexual antics. Far worse, neither teen had heard movement in the hallway behind them.
"Get a broom closet." A female voice chuckled.
Shocked by the unexpected arrival Heidi peered around Weaver to discover new tenant Petra Monahan standing directly behind Weaver winking at her. The busty redhead was in the process of moving into sneezy Herman's extra room, one that could have been Heidi's if not mistaking the apartment numbers when answering the roommate ad. Her long silky red mane pinned back into a ponytail offered a stimulating look at her neckline and cleavage, wearing a black camisole helped. Tight grey booty shorts sharing a hint of curvaceous butt cheek led the way down her long creamy white legs. Bangle jewelry accenting her beauty.
"Petra? Hi." Heidi feigned a blush toward Weaver, "Moving day? I totally forgot. Need any help?"
"I pretty much have everything. Besides, you two adorable lovebirds don't need to cool down over me." She fanned her features mouthing, "So cute." and pointing at Weaver as he nuzzled Heidi's throat. Just as they agreed sheepishly on a mental level, Khloe on the other side of the door cried out a deafening orgasm. Petra flared her eyes with an impressed grin. "Wow! Someone is having a good day."
"My dad's plaything. I'm afraid to open the door." Heidi brightened her own eyes then jingled her apartment key in front of them. "NOT!" Turning swiftly from Weaver's possession she unlocked the door and barged right in. Both Weaver and Petra had zero chances to turn away from viewing Zach Pedigo stretching at full height after a lengthy feast of Khloe's cunt. Standing tall with a mighty erection posed directly at them Zach Pedigo smirked as Heidi marched right on in to drop down next to Khloe on the couch. Hugging the nurse who was still quaking, and breathless Khloe bulged her eyes at being busted. Especially at Weaver's roving gaze. He found her just a hot as Heidi in every way, his erection tilting even higher beneath loose cargo shorts. Even Petra feigned a blush at Weaver's pup tent, mainly because Heidi pointed at it with a devilish pinky. Petra was amused but more into that beasty boy her so called dad was boasting. Huge!
"Oh, crap." Khloe tried to cover herself with her arms as Weaver stared her down. Just as swiftly she knew that was a mistake, even without Zach pointing at her to stop hiding. Petra just outside got a really good look at Zach's muscular physique and large dick swooning even as she held her box of personal items. Awestruck but puckering her approval she merely made the gesture with her fingers designed to be a phone to her ear, and mouthed, "Call me."
Zach wiped his chin and wiggled his eyebrows. Using fingers on both hands without dropping her box Petra measured his dick before his eyes and smiled. Sure enough she mouthed, "I want that." Shameless to say the least.
"I'm thinking we need a Do Not Disturb sign for the door." Zach laughed and moved around a nervous Weaver to greet Petra with a wink. Eying her box he looked into it to discover more than he bargained for. More than she realized until looking herself at her sex toys within. Four different size dildos and a magic wand lay within along with lube and Nuru oils. Nodding with a puffed lower lip Zach winked again just before closing the door. Petra Monahan found herself unable to catch her own breath. On the opposite side of the door Zach nodded in thought over what he had just seen. "Toy box full of boyfriends. I'm surrounded by Scarlett Johansson and Billy Idol." It was a pretty funny assessment.
"Dear Lord! That man is Greek statuesque." Coming from a model that was a definite compliment. She went about her business but with each of three trips through the hallway she stopped to listen. Petra was going to have Zach on her mind all night long. Not even sneezy Herman was going to sway her hormones by his lackluster presence. Herman was no Zach the Adonis by any means.
"How you been Spike?" Zach reintroduced himself to Weaver who attempted his best stiff upper lip to mimic Billy Idol. An awkward handshake shared, due to dirty hands that were still wet from fingering Khloe made Heidi giggle. Khloe merely trembled, curled up in a ball with nowhere to run. Heidi rubbing her thigh did not help. In a final exhale Khloe Vaughn relaxed her body and let Weaver see everything as Zach eyed her with his approval. She was getting the right idea.
"Dad? Future stepmom?" She laughed then turned to Khloe, "Just kidding. Khloe? This handsome stud is Weaver. We're going to my room to study. Emphasis on Stud."
"But I'm hitting the Y." Weaver laughed at his own additional jest to no shared chuckles. Obviously only he got it.
"You don't go to college. I sure as hell know I can't afford to pay tuition." Zach chuckled standing proud of his erection still holding up.
"Anatomy lesson! He's going to show me his pelvis and direct me to where mine is." Heidi jumped to her feet and moved to Zach patting his abs. "Continue firing Soldier. Have fun Khloe." With a giddy wave she snatched up Weaver's hand and hauled him behind her to her bedroom. Just before she shut the door Zach called out.
"Wear a condom. I'm not ready to be a grandpa."
"Take your own advice Pop. I'm not ready for a baby brother." He hadn't admitted to Heidi that he had already had a vasectomy, he and his ex-wife Yushea never having wanted children. Only his boss's daughter knew that out of all of his girls. The subject would come up again at a more opportune time.
Just as Heidi made her comment Weaver slipped around her and marched back out to face Zach. Digging into the storage pocket of his cargo pants he produced a string of attached unwrapped condoms. Tearing off two he handed them to a dumbfounded Zach.
"I might need the rest." With a pucker of respect Zach looked back at Heidi standing in her doorway shaking her head.
"He might be a keeper." Zach chuckled at Heidi. She merely rolled her eyes and took the remainder of Weaver's condoms from her punk rocker, tossing them over her shoulder into the hallway before pushing the boy inside her bedroom. Heidi was not fond of latex it seemed. Of course not, Miss Cum Fetish herself demanded a creamy assault.
Door slammed, Zach looked down at his dick, then over at Khloe. She pointed at him with a threatening look. "What?"
"Don't you dare cover that thing up, only if it's with my pussy." She realized her assertive nature and gnashed her teeth with a forgive me expression. "Please?"
"I love it when you talk dirty. Silk sheaths!" His smirk relaxed her mistake.
Knowing he was open to her outspoken aggression she added, "Get over here and fuck me."
"Always the plan." Zach bent over snatching up Khloe's ankles and drug her body to the edge of the cushion then forced her legs back toward her. Grabbing her own ankles allowed him to claim both sets of limbs at the knees. Guiding his thick crown up to her cunt he lined up and pushed forward but halted his plunge to sneer at her. Wincing at her worried gaze he informed her with a nod down at his cock. "Don't get lippy. That's his job."
Khloe Vaughn pouted and mouthed, "Forgive me." He did. An instantaneous gasp let him know he was on the right track. Her eyes yearned for him so quickly that he paused to study them. "I think the bossy nurse likes the feel of that." Nodding without words she merely whimpered. The deeper he indulged her mind reeled at Zach's girthy pop can diameter stretching her tight pussy to near its limits.
"So big." She muttered, her eyes rolling back.
"Hardy too much for you, Nurse Vaughn?"
"NEVER! Destroy me Cowboy... I mean Sir."
"Oh, prepare to peel the paint off the walls and shatter some glass. Let's show the kids how it's done."
"Zach? I'm just over Heidi's age."
"Then, I guess I show you how it's done too."
Hard thrusts devastate her G-spot, creating loud yelps that escalate with each thunderous rapid-fire strike. Khloe while watching every entry his dick made assisted in her sensations, the pure joy of seeing herself fucked sparked admiration. Even her weeping excess upon his retreating beast whet her appetite. What was this older man doing to her mind? She was feeling emotion all too quickly. Heart racing, she expressed a deep desire to be his. Not even having a first date she fell for him, having known him only through their gym membership. Maybe the other day at Iron Jack's Gym, when he dominated her into showing off for a large number of bodybuilder types was his idea of a first date. If so, she was good with that. She had admired him for months and now she had him. Rather, he had her it seemed. Fear crept up suddenly, recalling him tell her he wasn't wanting a relationship. Could she maintain that request, or would her heart get stomped on by her own overzealous desires? Did it truly matter? For now? No.
"FUCK ME ZACH. OH, MY GOD! YESSSSSS!"
Inside Heidi's room she and Weaver cuddled. Having let him remove her dress, she his shirt, they explored one another with a tender symphony of goosebumps, and trembling nerves. Listening to Khloe's SymphONIC cries Heidi shivered and held her breath, pausing to allow Weaver to devote his kisses to her neck. It was difficult focusing. Her body craved stimulation and Weaver was off to a good start. His fingers slipping ever so slowly beneath her red G-string drew her attention back toward her punk rocker with a warm exhale across her shoulder, reacting to his violation.
Fingers delicately drift over her clit for a tempting rub, the intimate sensations arching her spine. More cries of glory out of Khloe unsettled Heidi, envisioning Zach destroying the nurse maid. It should be her. Wait! What? She shook her head just a bit to clear her thoughts. Huffing to herself, "What the hell Heidi? Stop that!" Weaver had no clue that she was thinking of Zach instead of him. Lingering a bit longer Heidi rolled over forcing Weaver's hand from beneath her G-string. Climbing over him she sat on his crotch, palms planted on his chest. His eyes were mainly on her crushed together tits.
"You ready to compete?"
"Is this a contest?"
"Yup! Can you make me scream that hard Billy better not be Idle?"
"Idol? Hell, yes I can." He grew smug, "Uhhh? We still doing it in front of your dad?"
"Open the door." She batted her eyes at him and rolled off to send him to his feet while she wiggled out of her G-string tossing it aside. At the knob he paused to perform a Catholic sign of the cross then grinning at Heidi. A second later Rooster dropped his own cargo pants, no underwear beneath, leaving him in only his socks. Opening the door wide Weaver dared to look around the threshold to witness the lovers in the living room. Zeroing in on Zach's erection and slapping scrotum plunging into Khloe made him bulge his eyes. Khloe was pretty fucking hot. His thoughts were going to be on two different women today. Truth be known, Zach would be too. Heidi three!
Gritting his teeth Weaver returned to stand over Heidi as he stroked his own well-endowed beast, one that was not far off from being as mighty as Zach's. Rising to her knees she winked and whispered, "Remember this pose?" He did indeed, from the Victoria's Secret dressing room. Admiring his beast she nodded with a puffed lower lip, "He puts the Man in comMANdo. Nice bazooka Arnold. Maybe I'll give him a nickname like dad does his."
"He has a nickname for his dick?"
"Yep! He calls it Hardy, because he looks like Tom Hardy."
"Don't call mine Idol. Sounds too egotistical, that and it's not going to be idle long." He chuckled at his clever words just before she bit his scrotum tugging at it. Her blue eyes watching his as she gnawed at his fullness, she made him roll his eyeballs before stopping just long enough to offer a suggestion.
"How about we call him Arnie?"
"Seriously? Do I look like Swarzenhowever you say it?"
"No." She giggled fondling his cock above her forehead, "Therminator?"
"Sounds like thermometer. Makes me feel tiny." He endured her lips sucking his left nut roughly while seeing her thoughts pondering a worthy nickname for his penis.
"What about Cyclops? Billy Idol has a song called Eyes Without a Face. Your dick has one eye and no face." She laughed, her tongue wagging over his urethra.
"Eyes not eye. Keep trying." He laughed. She returned to his balls and took his entire ballroom into her mouth; he nearly fell backwards. "Holy shit!"
Releasing him she tried yet another moniker, "Blew Highway?" Her suggestion was more a mumble with her mouth full until she released her sack lunch. "I am blowing you and the highway ends in my throat." She giggled.
"Seriously? My balls are blue though." He acknowledged, "In real life Billy's last name is Broad. How about Broadway?"
"Mmmm! Broad strokes, I'm a broad." She jerked him off with both hands, his crown in front of her lips. "Your dick is pretty broad. Okay! Broadway it is, even if you don't have a future there." She winked, "Too punk for CATS, maybe GREASE though."
"Daaaaaaamn! That's cold."
"Let me warm you up then. Start groaning Billy." She swallowed his cock deep and held it firm in her throat until she had counted to ten before pulling back. Rapid throat thrusts led Weaver to rear his head back and leer at the skylight above. His versatile groans became a deafening, "YEAAAAAAAAH! SUCK THAT COCK."
She stopped just long enough to grin up at him, knowing Zach and Khloe could have easily heard him. Back at it, she gave it all she had. Shocked by his resistance to cum immediately Heidi worked up a sweat. Over ten minutes of thrusting balls deep into her tired jaws Weaver Kytes finally snarled, flooding her mouth in pure cane sugar. She gurgled on the massive load and released his cock just to show off his leftover pride. Inspired by it Heidi hopped up and raced out into the living room, tapping Zach on the shoulder as he pounded away at a screaming Khloe.
Looking over at her with a stressed brow he observed Heidi open her mouth and show him Weaver's load. He merely smirked and nodded aggressively for her to go away. Khloe appeared stunned by her actions, Heidi being his daughter. Slightly weirded out, Khloe closed her eyes and just enjoyed herself. She did not want to think about that whole scenario. Something feeling this perfect, nothing was going to change her devotion.
Strutting back to Weaver he stared at her with awe. "Did you just show your dad my cum?" Nodding rapidly, Heidi stormed his lips and kissed him hard. His cum rolling around on his own tongue made him nauseous, yet her beauty and her scent lured him toward a receptive embrace. A first for him tasting his own cum, he determined it to not be that bad. In a mad shove Heidi pushed them over onto her futon mattress and she straddled his cock. He felt dominated by her but let it happen. Once his dick slid up inside her he was all smiles.
"Like that warm wet pussy. Rooster Rocker?" She gyrated over him, leaning forward to crush her breasts into his chest.
"Worth the wait." He grinned. "Looks like you're the one with a future on Broadway."
"You just want to see my titties do the Riverdance."
"I love a good pair of stagehands." He laughed as she sat up straight and bounced up and down on his massive cock, his hands squeezing both of her breasts. He was easily as big if not quite as large as Zach, certainly close. Zach however, had only entered her, not fucked her like this. This was war.
Out in the living room Zach lifted the contorted Khloe from her embedded nature upon the couch cushions. Squealing as her body rose along with Zach until he stood up straight, she held her ankles tighter. Trusting Zach to carry her dead weight, her entire body depended on his strength. She was blown away by his feat of strength. He was fucking her hard without her even holding him in any way. Not even she suspected that was possible. It made her insane, gushing all around his cock, fantasizing about what else this God could do.
Careful not to strain his back he finally drew her up toward him and cradled her, her legs released to wrap around his waist. Not once did his massive cock slip out. The fullness of her interior made her roll her eyeballs back to compliment her Lordship above.
"God! I want to serve you." She whispered, afraid to look him in the eye.
"Serve me?" He studied her as she clung to him tightly, "Explain."
"I followed your every command at the gym. I told you I would never let you down. That should be a clue. I did refer to you as Sir earlier."
"Slave?"
"Please." She melted in his grasp.
"I don't know about that word. Just obey without hesitation going forward and we evolve together. Deal?" It wasn't like he had never thought of such a lifestyle. He had considered it until his ex-wife started betraying him. Once their relationship fell apart he hadn't thought anymore on the subject.
"Yes. I adore you Sir."
"Let's go for a walk."
"Where you go, I follow as directed."
"That's my girl." He carried her to the hallway just outside of Heidi's bedroom and planted Khloe's spine against the wall. Held aloft there he fucked her with a steady rhythm. Looking over into Heidi's bedroom he watched Heidi from behind as she rode Weaver. Her backside was so inviting he nearly dropped Khloe in favor of going in and taking Heidi away from her man. He knew that might be too abrasive. She had been accepting of anything he had done since she moved in but taking her from a guy she obviously really liked would be over the top. Besides, he loved women in general.
Khloe was every man's dream personified. So was Heidi Baker, yet there was just something about the blond. Something that made Zach crazy. The day he finally took her was going to convince him that he had her hooked. He knew she was intrigued by him but was being apprehensive due to her determination to be just roommates. Maybe that was an excuse. Maybe, she was teasing him to the point of forced sex. No! That couldn't be it. She was just wanting to be herself. Her choice. He was okay just cumming on her every day. For now.
Weaver finally caught a glimpse of Zach and Khloe and watched as Zach turned with Khloe's backside facing into the bedroom. Khloe rode his cock just as hard as Zach was thrusting up into her, a joint rhythm perfected that encouraged Khloe to cry out that it was her pleasure to lose her sanity.
Heidi ignored Khloe's efforts and took Weaver in hard deep thrusts making her own series of high pitch squeals. Her hands squeezing her breasts Miss Baker reached an early orgasm on her own without much work on Weaver's part. He knew it. As soon as she screamed and cum all over his cock Weaver took control. Rising forward he took her backwards to the carpet halfway off of her futon mattress. Snatching her ankles Weaver ripped her legs wide and stuffed his cock deep down into her. He offered Zach a perfect arrogant view of his youthful beast stretching his daughter's cunt wide and rippling her pink recesses in and out. Heidi Baker loved every second of his terrorist act.
In her backwards arch Heidi realized that Zach and Khloe were in her doorway. Zach fucking the brunette with majesty, the girl held on for dear life. Meeting eyes, Zach and Heidi enjoyed the moment of teasing one another. She knew the angle that Weaver was penetrating her was visible, and it made Heidi that much louder just to make Zach think he was losing the battle. "OHHHHHHH, MY GOD! WEAVEEEEEERRRRRRRR! FUCK ME HARDER." So cardboard cliche!
Zach encouraged Khloe into releasing his shoulders and falling backwards, again relying on Zach's strength. In dangling back Khloe met eyes with Weaver who was a ball of sweat and adrenalin. Eying Khloe's large breasts spiraling in two different directions made him fuck Heidi that much harder. He needed to nut again very soon but didn't want too just yet. His stubbornness won.
He even licked his lips wanting to sample Khloe's breasts. Two hot women in one room moaning like banshees was not necessarily new for the Rocker. He did know one thing; he wanted more days like this one. Having let Heidi fuck three guys before he even had her set the bar high. If she could have three guys, he should get three girls. Fair was fair. Someday!
Even Zach was glued to Heidi's own dancing ladies. Darting his gaze between Heidi's tits and Khloe's, he had to growl. Let the screams continue. Trench warfare at its finest.
********
Outside of their apartment Petra Monahan had to stop to listen to the deafening screams of killer sex. Now two women expressing just how good it was, made her sit her potted plant down and plant her ear to the door. It had been a month since Petra had engaged a man, she was needy as it was.
Lost to the world around her Petra slithered her right hand beneath her grey shorts and rubbed her swollen clit. The racket within Zach and Heidi's apartment made her hormones demand satisfaction. Switching profiles, she planted her back against the door to better torment her own body. One hand fingering herself the other up under her camisole squeezing a bare breast. Eyelids closed to fixate on the moans of two women, and the guttural grunts of savage men she hadn't noticed her own audience.
Her new roommate Herman Barstow had ducked out of their apartment over the racket and was watching her intimate moment with awe. Hardly appalled, but less inclined to show his real thoughts he merely watched her whimper and moan. That is until another door opened in the hallway. Herman panicked and closed his own door.
The next apartment over from Zach and Heidi lived Jay Carlton and his best friend Bob Hargrove. Both having heard the hardcore sex next door felt drawn to explore its origin. What they discovered was even better. Petra was so lost in her masturbation that she hadn't even realized her audience was standing right beside her enjoying the girl's beautiful symphony of tender yelps. Drawing herself into climax she squealed and lost her balance, falling directly into Bob's arms. She found reality in that moment as he held her up, her amazing eyes shocked by their unexpected audience.
"That was just beautiful." Jay related, "So hot."
"Was it?" She smiled while trembling hard, her grey shorts soaked between her legs. It was then a loud thud against Zach's apartment door spooked the three of them. Loud rumbling shook the door as they heard Khloe Vaughn's chorus of, "I AM YOURS. I AM YOURS. I AM YOURS." Zach heard to reply with, "CUM ON MY COCK YOU FUCKING SLUT." Petra gravitated to the doorway and palmed the door feeling every vibration, every slammed thrust Zach nailed Khloe with. She whimpered and slid down the exterior of the door, her hand never leaving its wooden texture as she mumbled, "I want that."
Jay and Not so Silent Bob looked at one another and made a fateful decision. Jay took the lead and plucked Petra up from her collapse and tossed her over his shoulder, his left hand gripping her ass. Even in their aggressive stunt her hand reached out toward Zach's door begging to have what Khloe had. Bob followed behind his buddy's lead, whipping his dick out and wagging it at Petra. Her eyes drawn to it she extended her hands as if wanting to obtain it. Into Jay and Bob's apartment they went, door slammed shut.
Moments later, Herman found the courage to open his apartment door again. Seeing only the potted plant in the hallway he shrugged and went to carry it home. Hearing sex from Zach's apartment out of four different voices made him tense, his own dick rising to the moment. Wondering where Petra went, he started back to his place. At Jay's door he suddenly heard the sounds of more sex. This time he knew the voice. Petra Monahan was getting laid. Herman's dick was in need of punishment, sadly he had never once been with a woman having reached age 30. His hand was all he had. He took it home to roost.
With Zach and Khloe in the living room again, Heidi insisted that she and Weaver take it out there too. Weaver's confidence was in high gear by now. Pulling out of Heidi in a web of milky cum he launched to his feet and drug her up with him. Marching her right out into the living room Weaver shoved Heidi right against the wall next to Khloe, lifting the blond and ramming deep. Keeping up with Zach's energy was a mission. Zach nodded at Weaver as he made Khloe tug at her own hair screaming. Heidi beside her kept up once Weaver was on a fever roll to ignite Heidi all over again. Her legs wrapped around Weaver's hips she began her wailing. No words between men, only a challenging respect. There was that Billy Idol smirk.
Dropping Khloe's legs to the carpet Zach turned her around to face the wall and took her from behind. Seeing this Weaver copied his move and did the same to Heidi. Eye contact between gents tried to anticipate next moves. As Zach reached up clutching Khloe's long brown hair tugging her head back, Weaver did the same to Heidi.
Thinking before Zach this time, Weaver turned Heidi around to face the couple, Heidi shocked to look into Zach's eyes. Before the allure could fixate, Zach turned Khloe and the two women faced one another, hands in their hair holding their heads firmly. A staring contest of emotions consumed both girls. Zach taking a step forward collided Khloe's bobbing tits with Heidi's until stabbing nipples dueled with one another. Weaver pressed further until the dancing stopped to form entanglement, the girls' chins literally touching the others shoulder. Zach moving his face near Heidi squints at her tortured expression of ecstasy.
"Lookin' good Kid."
"Fuck you, Tom."
Weaver facing Khloe whispered his own message, "Fuck you're hot."
Khloe had no reply, merely a smile and sparkling eyes. She was Zach's unless otherwise offered up. Message clear, Zach pulled Khloe away and took her into a forced walk toward his bedroom. Stopping at the door Zach looked back at Weaver and nodded for him to follow. Weaver took the hint and picked Heidi up from behind and hauled her up into Zach's bed, right beside Zach and Khloe. Both girls on their bellies, Weaver watched Zach trickle lube into Khloe's asshole, passing the tube over Weaver painted Heidi's pucker. As if joining forces, the two men lined their cocks up and counted to three before taking the girls by storm. Easing in made both girls gasp and offer up a shrill unified, "Yesssssssssss." Anal Assassins!
Tearing the beauties up from behind echoed through the walls. They soon found a third challenger. From directly next door to Zach's bedroom they heard a woman screaming, "FUCK MY HOLES. GODDAMMIT, FUCK MY HOLES." Zach puckered at her efforts, hearing not one, but two men yelling out, "HELL YES." and "DP BROTHER."
"That's Petra." The momentary silence of Zach and Weaver halting their thrusts to listen. Heidi recognized the voice instantly. "Should have invited her in dad. Snooze you lose." Heidi chuckled, Khloe smirking at her trying not to join her amusement to readily. They paused a bit longer just to hear the impact that their neighbors were having on the new girl.
"Sounds like ScarJo is taking it like a trooper." Zach commented.
"Hey!" Heidi called back out of frustration, "Stop letting her steal our thunder. Get busy back there."
"Ready, Kid?" Zach winked at Weaver.
"Set! GO!" He beat Zach to the starting line. Heidi enhancing his zest with an ear shattering scream of, "MOTHERFUCKER!" That gave way to the sweet sounds of, "WEAAAAVVVVVVVVERRRR! FUCK MEEEEEEEEE!"
"I give up. You win." Zach huffed as Khloe pouted, "PSYCHE!"
Zach destroyed Khloe, the battle raged on until they fired on full cylinders into both girls, revving the throttle until cumming so hard that pulling out was a fire hose. Creampie in the sky. Still, hearing Petra crying out even in their gloss filled exhaustion, Zach finally called it.
"Red has lungs that's for sure." As both Zach and Weaver backed off of the mattress Zach dared to fist bump the boy. "That's showing my little girl who's boss."
"How do you put up with my dad?" Heidi huffed at Khloe.
"Blame yourself. You hooked us up. I'm not going anywhere."
"She is." Zach leaned over and slapped Heidi's ass, making Weaver grit his teeth at their parent daughter closeness. "Get your ass to your own room. I need a nap."
"Fine! Come on Droopy. I mean Broadway." Heidi crawled out of bed, her limbs numb yet energetic enough to flip Weaver's pink locks. Being so sweaty his mohawk was more nohawk. He trailed behind Heidi like a lost puppy.
Shutting his bedroom door Zach crawled in next to Khloe, holding her at the hip as they lay on their sides facing one another. She couldn't stop smiling.
"Thank you, Sir."
"You see the way that kid looked at you?"
"Yes. The same way you look at your daughter."
"That obvious?" He laughed, "You know she's not really my daughter, right? Just fun and games talk. Long story."
"I wondered. Thank you for telling me the truth."
"Always planned on it."
"You want Heidi, don't you?"
"Someday, I'll tag her ass. No hurry! Like I told you I like being single."
"Am I useful if you want to be single?"
"Trophy slut. You come when I call."
"Agreed. Make me shine."
"So shiny that you're going to blind a fella."
"I'm serious Zach. I will do anything and everything you tell me too. No strings attached unless it is a collar and leash."
"I heard you at the gym. Don't you worry, I will be testing you further."
"Naptime?" She snuggled closer.
He nodded affirmatively until he heard Petra next door, realizing a new round of screams. Both men Jay and Bob were going back for seconds, holes switched up. Petra even in her throes of pure ecstasy truly hoped that Zach had heard her. Literally beating on his wall, she yelled, "FUCK MEEEEE! PLEEEEASE!" Did Zach hear her? Of course, he did. Even Khloe grinned.
"She must really want you."
"Gingers have no souls."
"Mmmhmm!" Khloe knew he would take her in time.
"Suck my dick until I fall asleep."
"Big baby."
"Who's the big baby?"
"You're lucky I like sucking big thumbs." She razzed him then relocated down between his legs. She spent the next fifteen minutes tenderly taking him into her throat. Even as he began snoring, she continued with respect. Khloe Vaughn loved this man's cock. Her fascination leaned toward obsessive. Pending on how long his nap was, he might just wake up with her mouth still around his beast.
Lucky man.
Thumbs up.