Chapter 5: Rekindling an old flame
As I lay in bed thinking of who to call to be my model, an old memory flashed by.
Frederick, Cassandra and I went to Batam for a short holiday. There was rivalry amongst Cassandra and I for Frederick that I resorted to the unimaginable. I went completely topless for the three days. I even played water basketball with a group of teenagers topless in the sea.
I experienced my first sexual intercourse there; an orgy session amongst all of us. It was almost ethereal then - having sex with your crush. But in the end, although I won the rivalry, Frederick went steady with Cassandra instead. I learned later that they had broken off when we entered University.
"Maybe I can call Frederick for help.
"But it will be so embarrassing. How do I tell him that I need him to be a male model and I will be massaging him in a bikini and then might end up having sex with him later?
"Besides, he might be attached now and having sex with an attached guy is having an affair. Arrghh...what should I do?
"I do need to pass the assessment since I really need the money. I suppose there is no harm asking. The most that can happen is being rejected."
I scrolled through my mobile contact to search for Frederick's mobile number. But before I pressed the dial button, "Maybe he has changed his number.
"What the heck," and I pressed the dial button.
"Hello."
"Hello. Remember me Frederick? I am Ruth."
"Oh Ruth, yes of course. How are you?"
"I am fine. I am in NUS, Faculty of Arts and Social Science, final year. So what have you been up to?"
"I will be disrupting my NS to go SMU. I am in the commando unit. I signed on."
"Oh wow. I heard it is tough but I guess with your fitness level, it should be a breeze."
"So, what's up?"
"I need help..." I said in a soft voice.
I spent the next 5 minutes explaining to Frederick about the Fantasy Spa and Massage training program that I have joined and that they paid lavishly for a weekend of work. And I needed money for my crossfit. I also shared with him that the training has an assessment component and I needed a male model whom I will be massaging wearing only a bikini or even less and might even have sex with the male model.
"Oh wow, you have always been pushing your physical limits. Glad to hear you have picked up crossfit. But Ruth, if you need money, I can lend you."
"No. I don't need money. I need your help to be a male model.
"But I think I shouldn't impose. It is ok, Frederick. So embarrassing to ask for something like that from you. I guess it is mean of me to ask you to do something like that behind Cassandra's back."
"We broke off, Ruth. I am single now. It's just that too many thoughts are running through my mind and it is too sudden."
There was an awkward silence, "Frederick, so sorry again. I am so so embarrassed. It is ok. Let's meet up for lunch one..."
"Ruth, I will be your male model," Frederick interrupted my speech.
Again, the awkward silence persisted, "Oh wow. Thanks. I think it is ok. It is so embarrassing."
"No it is not. I've always loved your body. To have a massage from you wearing just a bikini would be a privilege."
"Oh...ok."
I gave Frederick the administrative instructions for tomorrow before we hung up the phone.
"I had better wear something nice for him," I could feel myself blushing - something extraordinary for a girl who wouldn't think twice about stripping nude and eager to be a social escort.