"I think we should opt out," Pete announced at the dinner table on the Wednesday before the first promo flight out to another club city.
"What are you talking about? We just started," said a perplexed, Traci.
"I've loved it as you know but they've sucked the life out of it for me. Even at the beginning when I was freaked out with Casey and the whole thing at least the energy was flying everywhere. It was a powerful high. Now we're shills for them. It's not organic anymore."
"But maybe we'll have some great experiences in other cities with other people."
"Maybe, but there's way too much of that vampire, Robert, and feeling like I'm feeding him my wife for breakfast, lunch and dinner. He's a self absorbed, conniving prick who sucks the life out of the room. Think of how much fun we had before he showed up."
"I didn't mind being fed to him," she said softly.
"I know, baby. It's why we're in the club and you know how much I've grown to love watching you get fucked every which way but that guy is an asshole."
She got up from her chair and walked around behind him, wrapping her arms around his neck, "Baby, I think it's so hot that you get off watching me. I've been thinking of trying something else if it's okay with you."
"What's that, baby girl?"
"What would you think of...selling me? Not all the time but once in awhile. I've been having fantasies about it lately."
"What? You want me to pimp you out?"
"Ya, the idea of some anonymous guy buying me feels like a turn on...and if the guy allowed it you could film it!"
Pete gave her the 'are you kidding me' look.
"Traci, is it my imagination or are we getting kinkier?"
"It would be so hot if you sold me on the street or a bar or wherever."
"Fuck, it does sound hot. Should I hate myself for getting excited about this, selling your pussy to some stranger? Fuck, Traci, we're going off the ledge."
"I know, it's so illicit. I just can't stop thinking about it. I've had dreams about it. I even planned what I would wear. I would be irresistible and I'd want you to ask for a lot."
"Your worth more than I could ever ask for."
"Thank you, honey. Robert or not, I'm glad we started this. I'm a card carrying slut, Petey, and I needed someplace to go with that..."
She got a text alert from her phone on the table and saw that again it was Dave wanting to hookup. Before she could pick up the phone Pete caught the name on the text. "Is Dave texting you?"
She sat back down. "Yes."
"What does he want?"
"What do you think he wants?"
"Really? Has he done this a lot?"
"Yes," she said, somewhat embarrassed. "So far I haven't answered any of them but he won't stop. If I tell Isabel about this it might blow up their marriage or our friendship so I keep ignoring his texts hoping he'll give up."
"When you did him at the club...was it that inspiring? Not that it has anything to do with this problem but I never really asked you much about it."
"Like I told you then it was fine...he was great, but what I didn't mention was that he kept telling me how much he loved me and how long he'd wanted me and on and on."
"What did you say?"
"I tried not to say anything. Finally, when we'd finished and were sitting on the bed he said how he wanted to be with me forever and he'd always felt that way."
"And?"
"And I told him I had a great time but it was just sex and I was happily married. He said he hoped I'd change my mind."
"Oh, no," Pete said whimsically, "He's got a bad case of Traciitis."
"It's not funny and I think it's going to ruin my friendship with Isabel. It's not going to stop."
"Maybe I should talk to him."
"No, not yet. Let me deal with it for now. If I need backup I'll bring you in."
They cleared the breakfast dishes away and Pete went off to work. All day long texting, Traci teased him with the 'selling her' idea and details of what sexy things she would wear and what she might do. Pete called it, 'delightful torture'.
***
On the flight out they whispered with each other the plan for pimping out Traci at the hotel bar or a bar close enough to walk back to their room.
"It's perfect because no one knows us there and so it's the best place to try it," Pete said in her ear, "but are you sure you want to do this?"
"Let's put it this way," she said, "I've gotten myself so crazed I'm not sure I can NOT do it."
"But something like this is risky."
"That's what makes me want to do it, that simple exchange of money for sex. I'll be completely bought and used. I'm fucking wetting myself l want it so bad."
Departing the plane and heading down the terminal they spotted the limo driver with the sign, 'Traci' written on it. With his name excluded from the sign, Pete kept his ego in check by reminding himself who the star was. The poster slut got the attention and husband of the slut got to pull her carryon.
After getting settled at the hotel it was still early so they decided on lunch and then a mini scouting mission for an appropriate bar. They had no obligations until the following day so why not have an adventure? Over their meal they loosely mapped out a plan. Having random sex at the club events was a controlled environment but pimping out the luscious Traci in a public place seemed filled with excitement and danger.
A block and a half from the hotel they found an upscale bar with mostly business men, a few women and the clientele flush with old money. This appeared to fit the criteria they dreamt up but they left the door open to switching venues if necessary.
As they walked back to the hotel, Pete asked her, "Are we sure about this? Maybe we should just stick with the event tomorrow and let it go for now."
"You're nervous, right?"
"A little. I mean I think I'm feeling a loss of control over what might happen."
"But Petey, that's the excitement of doing it. Do you want me to do it on my own?"
"NO, I have to be with you. That's the rule. Okay, we'll do it. You're sounding unstoppable."
Taking his hand, "Thank you, Petey."
***
She had approached her makeup like an artist and primped for at least an hour: her hair swept back to one side, her long curls falling on the nude shoulders of the stretchy slim form fitting burgundy top that she pulled down a little further than normal and made her breasts look like they were planning a jail break. Her black leather skirt was skin tight and barely doing its job of modesty, held in place by her perky ass. She wore black satin lace thigh highs with a back seam dotted with rhinestones. She slipped her feet into 6 inch black heels. The only heterosexual man who would fail to notice her would be one who was at home asleep or dead.
They had dinner in the hotel restaurant at 7:30 and then headed to the bar. All Pete said to her before they went in was, "Flirt and look sexy all you want but I'm starting and ending the conversation. I'm in charge of selling you." A rush of energy ran up her spine.
The bar was busy but they managed to wedge themselves into the bar after a couple left for the dining area. Pete surveyed the immediate area for interest in Traci. Although, they would look away from her when he would catch them, Pete deduced that most all the male patronage had scoped her out. What he began to look for were the men who couldn't look away or the ones pretending to look away.
She was raw sex on a barstool.
Pete noticed that the man to her right kept looking over and down at her crossed legs. Every time Pete caught his eye, he'd look away. Traci stayed aloof, on sex standby, letting Pete figure it out.
Lustful eyes couldn't look away. Pete wondered if she could be arrested for solicitation just by looking like man candy. Since it was busy and slightly chaotic he thought of narrowing down the possibilities by going to the restroom, leave his seat unoccupied and come back to find out who the interested party was. Pete told her, if asked was the seat open, to say 'no, but you can borrow it till my boyfriend gets back'.
Watching from near the restroom door Pete saw how quickly a guy from a 4 top left his buddies for a shot at the barstool.
Looking her up and down, "Is this seat taken?"
"Yes," she purred, "but you're welcome to borrow it until my boyfriend gets back."
"Martini, please! Can I buy you anything?"
"Sure, a martini as well."
Scanning her gorgeous body he joked, "Looking at you makes me hope he doesn't come back." They both laughed. He kept looking in Pete's general direction and then back at Traci. Pete waited. "Hi, I'm Charlie, and you are?"
"Traci."
"Well, at the risk of being punched out by your boyfriend I have to say you are unbelievably hot."
"My boyfriend thinks so and he likes it when other men think so too."
"Wow, really?"
Charlie wasn't much to look at; short, sort of pudgy and balding, sporting the old school bow tie. What made him charming to Traci was his fearless bravado. He was willing to go after her even if she was clearly out of his league. Of course, that wasn't what this was about.
Pete came up from behind and put a hand on his shoulder, "Hey, you're not trying to run off with my girlfriend are you?"
"Oh," said a surprised Charlie, "No, no, no, just keeping your seat warm!" Holding out his hand, "Hi, I'm Charlie."
"I'm Pete. Say, can I have a word with you alone?"
A nervous, Charlie, said, "Sure."
Taking him back near the restroom where it was quieter, Pete said, "Look, I can see you're really into Traci..."
"Oh no, just making small talk..."
"No, I'm not mad...but maybe I can make you happy."
"What do you mean?"
"Would you like to fuck her?"
(Silence you could drive a truck through)
"Oh, c'mon, I already apologized..."
"No, I'm asking a serious question. She likes to fuck strangers for money. It turns her on. Every guy in this bar wants to fuck her but I'm offering you the chance to do the deed."
Charlie kept looking back at her and she smiled. "How much?"
"How much do you think pussy like that is worth? She's got a fetish but she likes money too."
"Five hundred?"
"Try a thousand, cash...and if you don't want her there's plenty of guys in here that do. A thousand for an hour and she'll do anything you want."
"Is this some sort of scam?"
"Straight up, Traci for cash and you fuck the hell out of her. You'd have a hard time getting a girl like that, period."
Charlie was frozen, just staring at her, his dick screaming at him to go for it. He was helpless as she ran a hand over her thigh.
"Oh shit...I'd have to make up something to my buddies at the table to get away and hit the ATM..."
"Either that or how about this? We make it a gangbang foursome with Traci for eight hundred apiece."
"Oh man, you're making this harder than easier. Our table's been talking about her since she came in. They don't need convincing but I'm not sure all of them can pony up the eight hundred. That's a lot."
"What if I send her over to your table to show them what they're missing?"
"I don't know..."
"If you feel comfortable telling them what you're going to do then they might be dying to join you. That's the deal. If you can get all four of you to bang Traci I'll make it eight hundred apiece for an hour."
"Hell, man, isn't she your girlfriend?"
"What can I tell you? She's a kinky girl who likes to be bought and sold..."
"I get it, I guess. Let me talk to them and if I need her I'll signal you. I'm out of my fucking mind doing this. Our wives know each other for fuck's sake."
Charlie went back to his friends and put his cards on the table. He wanted her regardless of his pals but Traci went into full flirt mode and one by one they joined ranks and eventually Charlie gave Pete the thumbs up. Pete turned to Traci, "I just sold you to those four guys for thirty-two hundred dollars for an hour."
Pete wrote the hotel address and room number on a piece of paper along with a meeting time. He and Traci finished their drinks and left for the hotel. On the way, Traci was ecstatic, out of her mind that her pussy could command that find of payday. "Oh my god, Petey!"
"Just one more negotiation."
"You didn't ask about filming it?"
"No but I was doing so well I decided not to jinx it and try to make an arrangement later, once we're in the hotel room. I'll probably have to offer to smudge their faces. I figure Aaron would know how to do that."
Back at the bar the men had another couple rounds before heading off to do Traci, the consensus being that looser was better. The tall one, Dennis, announced that he was "fucking psyched." "I mean, did you see that girl?" said, Leroy. "I'm gettin' hard just thinking about her" said Ted. Charlie told them "she'll do anything we want." As it got close to 10 they left the bar, raided the ATM and went to the room.
Pete invited them in, "Welcome, gentlemen. Make yourself comfortable. Traci will be out in a minute and she's excited. Hate to ask but pay before play?"
They lined up and handed their cash to Pete. "Just one more thing before you get your dicks wet in Traci...would you guys mind if I filmed it for our personal use? I'd even make copies for you guys if you want. Traci and I want to watch it later while we're fucking."
Charlie spoke up, "You two are kinky as hell but we can't risk somebody recognizing us and then we're fucked. This is just between us."
Traci entered the room and came up close to Charlie, putting her hand on the front of his pants, "C'mon boys, I want to enjoy it over and over and Pete gets off filming me. This is just between us, you have my word, baby."
Charlie looked pleadingly to his friends for rational guidance but there was too much salivating over Traci and one too many rounds at the bar, "Sure, what the fuck..."
"Thank you, baby. And now don't you think you should take my clothes off and have some fun?"
In unison the guys came after her and as they descended upon her in a feeding frenzy Pete circled the vultures with his camera. 'Oh my god' he thought to himself as Traci was endlessly covered with their hands, like this opportunity might never come around again so get as much as possible. They put her on her knees and she sucked their dicks while they reached for her tits and ass.
They were nasty with her and she taunted them in return. "Suck that cock, bitch. We own you," said Dennis. That was exactly what Traci wanted to hear. "Fuck my pussy, boys, fuck it good!"
They needed little encouragement as they jockeyed to be the next to lay the wood to her. "Hey, don't be greedy, Leroy, let me at that snatch." They fucked her in every position while she blew them and kissed them...whatever they wanted.
For Traci, getting mauled for money was surprise ecstasy and she knew this wouldn't be the last time. Ted threw her flat, face down on the bed, squatted over her and fucked her in the ass. She screamed and came at the same time.
They fucked her in every hole and dick whipped her across the face. When it neared the end of the hour Charlie said, "Let's cum on her pretty face." They put her on her knees as in the beginning and in a semi circle jerked off until the streams of white cum covered her like icing on a cake.
As they drained the last of their jizz, they had forgotten Pete was in the room much less filming them. He moved in for a closeup of their cumdump, a disorderly latticework, while Traci stuck out her tongue and licked the cream from around her lips.
Ted couldn't take his eyes off her. "Oh fuck me, this girl is naughty, naughty...if I had another load I'd..."
After the men had left the room, Pete sat with her on the bed with a wet towel and wiped the sticky defilement from her face and talk about what they had done. "So, to add to being an insatiable slut I'm now officially a fucking whore. I'm climbing down the ladder of respectability," she laughed. "Are you sure you want to be married to a girl like that? Because if they all came back in ten minutes, honestly I'd fuck them again."
"I know you would, baby. Wait till you see this video, you won't believe it. The more they realized there were no boundaries the more liberties they took with you. I was getting so turned on watching you I wanted to jump in and fuck you too. You may be a whore but you're my whore and right now I want some warm pussy before I go to bed."
He pushed her chest back on the bed, undid his pants, grabbed her ankles and harshly entered her with the fresh vision in his head of 4 strangers using her like a blowup sex doll....
***
The following evening as they were getting ready for the Slut Club event, Pete, outside the bathroom door, asked, "Are you ready for celebrity adoration, my poster girl?"
Through the door, "Oh stop, Pete. Celebrity for what? Fucking a bunch of guys and looking good doing it?"
"You sell your achievements short, my love. Look at all the joy and happiness you've probably brought to sex starved jerkers all over this country!
(She laughed behind the door)
"You've probably prevented more suicides and divorces and erectile dysfunction cases than a team of doctors and psychiatrists. You're like the slut version of Florence Nightingale!"
(She laughed hysterically)
She busted open the door and threw her arms around his neck, "God I love you so much, Petey. What would I do without you in my life? I'm such a freak."
"No, baby, you AND I are freaks and that's only in name. We just approach sex differently than most people. It makes us no better or worse, just different."
The phone rang and the front desk notified them the event was waiting for their arrival on the 10th floor. Traci was sex ready with the sluttiest ensemble she could come up with, a sheer mini black dress. Underneath was a blue, deliberately visible bra and panty set.
As they got off the elevator, the local club manager tripped all over himself welcoming her to the club. "Wait by the door here and I'll introduce you on the microphone."
"Ladies and gentlemen, our special guests have arrived." Men began to hoot. "I know you've all seen her. Maybe she's the reason you joined. Girls, you've probably caught your husbands jerking off to her photos online. Well, lucky us, here she is, the Slut Wife Club poster girl, Traci and her husband, Pete!!
They opened the door to loud applause and more hoots from the men. Then, just like at home, the offers came from every direction. "Make time for me, Traci!" "Oh babe, gotta do you tonight!!" Traci ate up the attention and said yes to more men than she could ever service in one evening. She smiled, they drooled and Pete scouted the women. The manager already reserved a couch for them to hold court from and it was up to Traci to handle the field.
The announcer again: "Now I know every guy wants to take a shot at Traci but because there's only so much of her to go around we had you enter the lottery for a chance. I'll now spin the cage of balls and see who goes first."
He spun the cage..."Number eighteen!!"
The first winner, a handsome guy in his mid-30's, leaving his wife still standing, sat next to Traci and took her hand. Pete, playing the gentleman, put a hand out to his wife to sit with them. "Oh, sorry, I'm Aris and this is my wife, Jackie." It didn't take 20/20 vision to see what a hottie Jackie was and Pete included her in his mental itinerary immediately. She smiled at him but played it demurely.
"So, Traci," Aris said, "I'm very nervous but I was one of those admirers with my dick in my hand looking at pics of that guy fucking you. Right, Jackie?"
"That's right, Traci, I caught him red handed!" she said with such a bubbly affect it was disarming.
"I just had to meet you," he said, "God, you're gorgeous." Turning to Pete, "Would you mind if I took Traci for a dance? I'll be gentle."
"Sure, Aris," said an amused Pete, "but don't be too gentle. She won't like that."
Aris and Traci left for the dance floor and Pete turned his attention to Jackie.
"So, how do you like Slut Wife Club, Jackie?"
"It's okay, but I pretty much had to join."
"Why was that?"
"My husband ignores me completely when we're home. Our sex life is in the shitter. He wants what he doesn't have and has no interest in what he does."
"But you're a stunning girl. I don't know how he could resist."
"His brain doesn't work in an orderly fashion. He doesn't see me at all. I agreed to this club because it was the only way I could get laid without cheating and at that, this is basically organized cheating. He's jealous when other men here hit on me but has no interest himself. It's weird."
"Sorry to hear that, Jackie. Listen, if you want me to leave you alone I can..."
"Leave me alone?! No! I want you to fuck me so I can remember what it's like to be desirable. Take me dancing, seduce me and fuck me like the slut everyone expects me to be. Without divorcing him it's the only way I get attention."
"Jackie..." he held her face in his hands, "I wanted you from the moment we met."
He kissed her with purpose and catching her breath she said, "Okay, skip the dancing." He sat on the couch before her, reached under her skirt and deftly pulled down her panties and she stepped out of them.
"You won't be needing those."
By the time he finished with "these" and "those" she stood gloriously naked and knelt down to suck him off. What was unusual were the number of gawkers that collected to watch them. At home, there were always voyeurs but this had turned into a bonafide audience. Looking past Jackie he could see the same thing happening with Aris and Traci.
He also noticed that the audience for he and Jackie was primarily women. He drew the obvious conclusion that they were interested in fucking the celebrity's husband. It was the first time he thought this celebrity business might not be so bad. As Jackie mounted him he watched 2 or 3 women fingering themselves and it got him even more excited.
A couple girls looking at him sucked on their fingers and did other erotic gestures to get his attention. He wanted to fuck all of them but wondered how he'd accomplish that with only one dick.
His dream girl trance was interrupted by Aris' animal roar as he came on Traci's ass. Minutes later he heard the announcer: "The next winner for Traci time is...number 22. "Fuck ya!!!" yelled the lucky man.
Pete sucked on Jackie's tits and she kept grinding on him. One girl got bold and dropped down behind them and started licking his balls. This, of course, set off an unexpected firestorm and he nearly emptied the motherlode.
The entire spectacle took yet another turn as Aris came to check on Jackie, now on all fours and taking all of Pete's pounding. When she saw Aris' jealous stare she amplified the moment by backing into Pete's thrusts and moaning.
"I'm close, baby," Pete said.
"I'm on the pill, cum in me."
That drove Aris into more discomfort and then Pete let loose a guttural sound that announced to everyone that he'd made a deposit. He handed her a towel and she made a quick exit to the restroom.
Pete collected her clothes and handed them to an unsmiling Aris with, "She was amazing."
By the end of the evening, Traci had fucked 7 lottery winners and then, just like at home, she held on to the bar corner, spread her legs and took cock from all remaining members and a couple of staff members.
Pete, with his newfound harem, fucked 3 more girls, ate out 2 and promised the rest a hookup the next time he and Traci came to town.
They returned to their room exhausted from both nights and fell back on the bed and asleep in their clothes. Getting up after an hour and readying for bed, Pete noticed an envelope on front desk stationary just under the door which he opened and read:
'Traci: Sorry I missed the event. Would have enjoyed another taste of your delicious pussy. Mmmmm. Robert'
Pete tossed the card in the waste basket, "Asshole." They both got into bed and some solid sleep before next morning's flight back home.