On this particular day I had a fantasy that I wanted to play out and I was bound to fulfill it. My wife would be home from work in about an hour so I had to get my plan in order to get this to work. I have fantasized about it many times, but I wanted to get it right.
My wife Marcy is 5'5" tall 145 pounds with B cups. Her tits were just big enough as the saying goes if they're more than a mouthful it is just a waste. I got dressed in a pair of shorts and a T shirt. Now I had my plan all together in my head.
We usually walked around the neighbourhood late in the evening two to three times a week, and today was going to be one of those days even though theirs was a chance of rain out. I heard her car pull up and I met her at the door with a long wet kiss. She immediately wanted to know what I had up my sleeve today. I told her nothing just glad to see you, and thought we would get our walk in for the day before it got too late.
I told her to get ready and to wear her white T shirt with no bra this time, she always liked going without a bra so she had no objection. The further from the house we got the more it looked like a storm was coming which was part of my fantasy also. As we walked, I would slap her nice firm round ass when someone would get close or I would grab one of her tits as they got close. This was getting me hot as we walked further from the house.
I couldn't tell if Marcy was getting turned on by this or if she was getting mad. She was hard to read on this day. I got several comments from people walking or working in their yards from go for it , to you stupid ass, to go get a room. Marcy decided we needed to head back to the house it was getting late and the storm was brewing close by.
I was hoping for the rain to begin on the way home and sure enough about half way back it began a light warm summer rain. It didn't take but a second with the rain coming down for Marcy' nipples to get hard and were pressing hard against her T shirt which was turning me on. I reached over and pinched her hard nipple and then I got a slight moan from her so I knew she was getting turned on also.
We were about a block and a half from the house and it began to rain harder. the closer we got to the house the more I was playing with her titties. We made it to our yard, and I grabbed her around the waist and stopped her from walking turned her towards me and gave her a long passionate kiss as I continued playing with her tits. I ran my hand down and unfastened her shorts right there in the front yard as she grabbed my cock and gave it a hard squeeze.
I new that my fantasy was going to come true. We were both so hot it didn't take but a few seconds and we were both butts naked in the front yard, not caring if a neighbour was looking or walking by. I put my hands on her shoulders and she knew what I wanted with no talking she went to her knees and took my average size cock in her mouth, giving me one of the best blow jobs I had. Right before I came I stopped her and laid her down on the ground, I got between her legs and between the rain and her wet pussy it wasn't but a couple of minutes and she was having a mind-blowing orgasm. I licked all her cum from her pussy before I began to fuck her tight pussy.
I was so turned on that I was thrusting in and out as fast and as hard as I could, and Marcy was screaming to go faster fuck me harder fuck me, fuck, me. As I think about it now, I am sure some neighbours herd her. She began to yell I'm cumming as I lost my load at the same time she had her orgasm. I just layed there on top of her for a while both of us trembling trying to regain our strength and composure.
We decided we better get in the house before someone called the cops. So we gathered our wet clothes and into the house we went. We were both wet and dirty from fucking in our front yard. We decided to shower together, but that is a story for another time.