A/N: So this is a fantasy of mine that I frequently imagine when I'm trying to get off without watching porn or reading erotica. At its very basic image there is a cop shoving his police baton into a blonde's cunt; her hands are on the hood of his patrol car, parked just off the side of a major highway.
I wanted to do something different, so I thought I'd finally write it up. It's fun to read the fantasy once it's completely down on paper, at least :)
Let me emphasize: this is a fantasy. So I apologize for any unrealistic depictions of anything, but I'm not trying to be too realistic here. I just want to make it hot.
So with that being said, have at it, my filthy whores.
As always, enjoy.
*~*
You'd be surprised how easy it is to have sex in public.
Well, for a cop, at least.
I suppose this badge on my hip does offer me certain privileges that civilians can't afford, and apparently that includes the ability to flaunt my sexuality in broad daylight.
I started off slowly and cautiously at first, pulling people over only at night, doing simple things like making them jack me off, or climbing into their vehicle to have them suck my dick. Then I started getting bolder, having them do it outside - still in the dead of night, of course - my pulse spiking whenever a stray car would zoom past me.
Over time I kept increasing the "threat level," so to speak, pulling girls over early in the morning or late in the evening, when the sun was still out and, if you looked hard enough, we could be seen with the naked eye. Eventually I was fucking them in the face in the middle of the afternoon, right on the side of the highway, open and visible to all. I wanted to shock people, in a way, and I was aching to expose these girls, to do these things to them in a place where they couldn't hide, our lewd acts out in the open for all to see.
The thrill of it got me hard like nothing else, my orgasms intense and otherworldly. There was just something about doing this forbidden act, in this most forbidden of places, that sent me over the edge in a way that kept me coming back for more.
I went for the stereotypical pretty young things. Ones who looked innocent enough, who had probably never been arrested before and so wouldn't know how the procedure went. They wouldn't know enough to question me. (Although the threat of hefty fines or even jail time kept most from questioning my authority in the first place.)
You'd think that I would have been found out by now, but even if someone did want to report what they saw, who were they going to call? Iamthe police. Besides, I'm not the only one in my precinct taking advantage of these "privileges." (Though perhaps Iamthe only one taking it to the streets - literally.) I doubt I'd get anything more than a slap on the back and a grunt of approval if it ever came to that.
And it hadn't come to that, yet, so I wasn't about to stop any time soon.
Especially not today.
Not when there was a pretty blonde cruising along two lanes down from me.
I had been following her for a few miles. Long hair, down to her shoulders; average tits that were nevertheless nicely accentuated by the low-cut shirt that clung to her frame. She had been swerving slightly in her lane, and I had managed to catch a glimpse of a smartphone in her hand. Her lips were parted, so focused was she on sending that text, and I could see her pink tongue poised at the corner of her mouth. The thought of that tongue placed somewhere else sent a shock of desire through me, and I felt my cock twitch.
I tapped the brakes, slowing down and changing lanes twice. I followed her for about a mile or so before I reached to turn on the siren, blue lights flashing brightly.
Immediately her brake lights came on and her car lurched in front of me. I was far enough back that I didn't have to slow down, but I could still see her reflection in her rearview mirror. Her panicked eyes kept flicking back and forth between the road and me, and I could only imagine her slender fingers were tightly gripping the steering wheel.
We rode like that for a few seconds until she signaled and moved her vehicle to the right. I followed her off the highway and onto the side of the road, pulling to a stop a few yards behind her.
I turned the siren off, blue lights still blinking, and decided to just sit like that for a moment. I liked to let the anticipation build, for them and for me. The sun was shining brightly and it was mid-afternoon, just before lunch, so the expressway was alive with potential spectators. I was already rock hard, and I pressed the palm of my hand idly against my erection, wondering if this girl had any idea what was coming to her. (Or what was about to be cominginher.)
Unable to contain my excitement, I opened the door and stepped out of the vehicle, walking towards her car, not bothering to hide the tent in my pants. I approached the window to see it was rolled down. The girl was looking up at me from underneath wispy lashes.
"Yes, officer?" she asked, her lips curling around the timid words. I managed to keep my hands at my waist, thumbs hooked into belt loops, but my cock jumped and I desperately wanted her lips to be curled around it instead.
But I held myself. "License and registration, please, Miss," I said, staring her down.
She blinked nervously but reached to retrieve the required documents. She handed them to me and I raised them up for inspection.
Her name was Kate; she was 22 years old, born on May 5, standing to 5'6" and 120 pounds. She wasn't from around here, and those eyes that stared so shyly up at me were, indeed, blue.
"Do you know why I stopped you, Miss?" I asked, passing my eyes over her vehicle registration.
"No," she said, her voice slightly shaky.
I glanced back at her. "Have you ever been pulled over before, Miss?" She shook her head no.
Perfect.
I ran my eyes over her papers one last time, trying my best to look serious. Then I gave her back her documents and took a few steps away from the car. I was sure my hard-on would be completely visible to her, but she seemed too nervous to notice.
"Miss, I'm going to have to ask you to step out of the vehicle."
I thought it impossible for her blue eyes to get any wider, but they did. She blinked a couple more times before reaching for the handle and opening the door. What little blood I had left in my body rushed to my cock as she stepped out in a revealing plaid miniskirt, balancing her stilletoed feet on the pavement. I wondered vaguely how difficult it was to drive in those.
She closed the door behind her and stood facing me. I saw her eyes dart over my body, fixing for a split second on that most obvious of places. She blushed furiously and looked away, unable to raise her gaze to meet mine.
I stepped forward and took her shoulder. She jumped at the touch, and a flush came over her neck. I pushed her towards the front of the car, turning her so that she faced the hood.
"Hands on the hood, please, Miss."
She hesitated, then bent over and placed her manicured hands spread out on the hood of the car. The position made her ass stick out, the blue checkered fabric of her skirt barely brushing the tops of the backs of her thighs.
My cock was throbbing, but I wanted to give her my due diligence. Besides, I had to take it slow at this point. Believe it or not, some girls did not take too kindly to being assaulted by a police officer in broad daylight. I stepped up behind her, being careful that my dick didn't touch her ass, and placed my palms on her hands. I ran them up her arms and could feel her shiver beneath me. "Routine procedure, Miss," I said, my voice low and rough, as I brought my palms down over her tits.
Cars were racing past us, some blowing their horns and I could only assume that it was because of me, because of what I was doing to this girl. Her tits were soft under my hands, and I could feel her nipples faintly through the fabric of her shirt. I slipped my right hand beneath the shirt and into her bra until I felt her nipples against my skin. I pinched them and heard her gasp, the tiny bud hardening between my fingers, and I knew I was in.
I stepped back and took her wrists in my hands, twisting her arms behind her. "Miss, you'll need to be restrained for further inspection," I said, reaching for my cuffs. I thought I saw her nod out the corner of my eye, but maybe I didn't. I took the handcuffs and snapped them around her wrists, the silver metal shining in the sunlight.
I placed my hand on her back and pushed her forward until her face was pressed against the hood of the car. Her miniskirt wasn't enough to cover her at this point, and I could see the cheeks of her ass peeking out from beneath the hem. I took a step closer, pressing into her now, not caring that my cock was in full contact with her body.
"Miss, I'll need to look for any concealed weapons," I breathed as I ran my hands along her sides, down over her hips and beneath her skirt, over the smooth skin of her bare ass. I gripped her flesh, loving the way it conformed to fit the palm of my hand, rocking my hips just barely into her.
I flipped her skirt up, the bright sunlight bearing down on her pale skin. The thin black line of her g-string lay just below the small of her back. I slid them down to the middle of her thighs, running my hands over her skin again. The blood was pounding in my ears, the noise accented every so often by the blast of a car horn somewhere off to my right.
There was no way this girl had any concealed weapons on her. But that was how the game went. I slipped my hand over her body, moving down until I was right between her legs. I could feel the heat on my fingers before I even touched her. I pressed them lightly to her cunt, feeling a wetness that betrayed her arousal. I pushed one finger in, then two, slowly pumping them in and out of her slit.
I looked up at her and saw her staring out towards the highway. I could see her half-lidded eyes watching the cars zoom past. I peeked over myself, still moving my fingers inside her pussy, and saw drivers slowing down and staring. Some were reaching out of their windows, waving their camera phones, recording her exposure.
I looked back up at her and saw her pink tongue poking out of her mouth. I thought I heard her moaning, but it was hard to tell over the rush of traffic. I was three fingers deep by now, but I wanted to go further. "I'm not finding anything yet, Miss," I said. "I'll need to go deeper."
I reached for my baton, pulling the long, black stick off of my belt. I pushed her further down, so her ass was sticking out farther than ever, and spread her legs. I placed the baton at the entrance of her pussy and slowly pushed it in. I could see her tense up but I kept pushing. It was much bigger than my fingers. She was squirming around, and I could clearly hear the moans falling out of her mouth by now. I placed a hand on the small of her back to hold her still and continued to push, sliding the thick rod deep inside her pussy. I pulled it out a little and saw her juices shining on the dark material.
I stuck it all the way in her, then took her cheeks in both of my hands and spread them wide, looking at this long, black thing sticking out of her cunt. My eyes roamed over her exposed body, coming to a stop at her tiny, puckered asshole. I was straining against my pants, and I wasn't going to last any longer.
I leaned over her, shoving my dick up against her ass, practically fucking her through my clothes. I crouched over her body and placed my fingers on her mouth.
"Like I said, Miss, I'll need to check all orifices." I pushed past her lips, felling them wrap around my fingers and suck lightly, her tongue swirling around them until they were wet and slippery. I withdrew my hand and reached down, pressing at her hole, watching her eyes grow wide as I pushed. I slipped one finger all the way in, past the ring of muscles that tightened around me, ignoring the tension that struck her body. I pulled out and pushed in a few more times, first one finger, then two, spreading them inside her ass, opening her up for me.
I'm sure if I'd listened a bit more I could hear the twinge of pain that laced those moans coming out of her mouth, but the sound of rushing cars was too loud and all the blood had gone to my cock. I had waited long enough. I needed to cum, now.
I stood back up, the baton slipping out of her cunt as I moved. I pushed it back in and stood with my legs on either side of it, aiming to keep it in place while I fucked her. I unzipped my pants and pulled out my cock, placing the tip at her hole, and poked the head inside her ass. I felt those same muscles clench deliciously around me, and I pushed further inside, fucking her within seconds.
Somehow I could feel the thick black rod inside of her pussy as I fucked her ass. It was hot, in more ways than one, and I was dripping sweat in the afternoon heat. I looked over through half-closed eyes to see the cars zooming past us, watching the drivers and passengers watching us, with smiles, shocked faces, expressions of horror, disgust, surprise. Cameras out, snapping pictures, taking clips. Traffic slow going, all eyes on us.
And I looked down at this girl I had in my grasp, under my control; her eyes wide and staring, looking out at them, at all these people seeing her, her face and her humiliation put on display, out there for the world to see. But I don't doubt that she liked it, if those moans and cries of ecstasy slipping over her tongue were any indication. She lay there, exposed and violated, and she liked it.
That thought sent me over the edge. I grabbed her hips, nails digging into her flesh, and I shoved my cock deep inside her ass, fucking her hard and rough up against the hood of her car, until I felt my balls draw up against me, my dick pulsing as I came, shooting my load deep inside of her.
I stood there, still gripping her, sure to leave marks in her pale white skin, as I came down from my orgasm. I stepped back and pulled myself out of her, breathing heavily, and saw the baton still sticking out of her sopping wet pussy. I pulled it out and reached to spread her cheeks apart, watching as the cum dripped out of her ass and glided down her slit.
I took her g-string and pulled it back up, fitting it snugly, sunk deep in the crack of her ass. Then I took her by the shoulder and turned her around to face me.
"Ok, Miss, you're all clear. But I'm going to need you to clean this for me as well."
She was looking down, but I saw her eyes dart to the baton I held in my hand. I took her by her hair and pulled her head back, pushing the baton into her mouth. I watched as she licked off my cum and the juices of her cunt, swallowing everything until the black stick was shining only with the remnants of her spit.
When she was done, I hooked the baton back into my belt. I stepped up to her, reaching around her body, feeling her tense yet again as I invaded her space. I removed the handcuffs and put them away. I stood there watching her rub at her wrists as I zipped my pants back up.
"Well, looks like everything is good here, Miss," I said, sighing heavily and placing my hands on my waist. "I do apologize for the inconvenience." I looked her up and down one last time. She still couldn't look at me, eyes glancing over at the racing highway instead. How I wished I could do more, like slide my cock between those tiny tits, or inside those pretty pink lips of hers. But I decided I was good for the day. Besides, she didn't look like she could take much more.
"Have a nice day, Miss," I said, nodding my head at her and walking back towards my car.