© Copyright 2020. All rights reserved.
This is a work of fiction. All characters depicted are 18 years and over.
***
After my sophomore year of college it was time for a real break. I had worked the previous summer just to keep myself busy between the spring and fall semester. I made some spending money but had no real time off to rest. This time I was going to take some real time off before going to work again.
I wanted to go camping somewhere. I always enjoyed camping during the early summer when I was younger. My family used to go to my uncle's property and camp out for a week. It was a beautiful place next to the Davy Crockett National Forest north of Houston, Texas. That meant it was heavily wooded, but it also had a clearing with a really nice natural pond where we would go swimming. My uncle had put in a road which ended a short distance from the pond. We had helped him clear out a place where we could park our cars and pitch some tents. It also provided a fire break for a camp fire. We also helped build a really nice fire and cooking pit so we did not have camp fires that might get out of control.
I decided that was where I wanted to go. My parents offered the use of their truck and camper/tent trailer, all that really remained was to contact my uncle so he knew I would be there. I called him and he was glad to hear from me. He had no problem letting me use the property for a week, but also let me know that there would also be another person on the property also camping. He was letting a neighbor camp for a while. I said that was no problem for me and thanked him for letting me camp there and about the other camper.
With that I gathered up what I would need for a week, packed it in the trailer, said goodbye to my parents, and set out on my drive to the property. My parents live near Austin so it would be a good three hour drive to the property, but it was a nice day and I had an early start. And I was in no hurry. I made one stop for fuel and a bathroom break on my way. I picked up a cold drink and a snack while I was there and then got back on the road.
The day really was nice with a cloudless sky. I could see the occasional hawk or vulture sweeping through the sky. The scenery was great for the end of May with everything green and beautiful. It put me in a really good mood.
By eleven in the morning I arrived at the property. I had to open the gate to get in. It was there just to keep the curious at bay, but I opened it and drove the truck and trailer on through. Then I stopped again to close the gate.
The gravel road was in pretty good shape so I did not have any problems getting the truck and trailer down to the clearing at the end. When I got there, sure enough, there was a car parked there and a small tent pitched about twenty feet from the fire pit. I looked around and did not see anyone so I went ahead and backed the trailer on the opposite side of the fire pit. I unhitched the trailer and then parked the truck next to it.
When I got out of the truck I checked closer for the occupant of the tent, but no one was around. I figured they must be off on a hike somewhere and would be back later. Rather than set up right away I wanted a look around since I had not been here for two years. The pond was not too far away so I decided to walk down to it and see if it had changed.
The path to the pond was still distinct which was a good sign. It wound around a little but after a ten minute walk I could see the pond just ahead. I came to the edge of the clearing surrounding the pond and gazed out over the scene. As I was taking it all in a head broke the water in the pond. The pond is about ten feet deep in spots so the person must have been under water. The person was pretty far away so I could not get a good look at their face, but they were swimming to a spot just to my right. As they approached the shore they stood up in the shallow water.
It was a woman! And she was naked! And she was beautiful! She had not seen me yet but I had a great view of her. She was just about my age with a wonderful tan all over. She was slim, about 5-5 tall, a great figure, hair that went down to the middle of her back, perfectly shaped breasts, and a shaved pubic region. She was wringing out the water from her hair and walking towards some rocks. I spotted her clothes on top of one of the rocks along with a towel.
As she picked up the towel, I faded back along the trail a little. I did not want her to think I was spying on her. I waited a few minutes for her to get dressed and then walked out in plain sight of her.
"Hello." I said. "I'm . Chris"
I had startled her. She had her blouse on but not much else. She grabbed her towel and put it around her.
"Oh, sorry. I did not mean to intrude. I will leave while you finish dressing."
She smiled at that. "Oh, you don't have to leave. I'm Sherry."
"Hello, Sherry. I'm the nephew of Brad Henderson. He gave me permission to camp here and he said someone would probably be here. I did not mean to startle you."
"Ah, that explains a lot. It's okay, I just didn't expect to see anyone."
"I saw your car at the fire pit and just went for a walk to look around a bit. I have not been here for two years and I wanted to see what had changed. I looks just about the same since I was here last time."
"It hasn't changed much. I have been coming here off and on for about two years and it is always beautiful and unchanging. That's what I like about it. Would you mind turning around while I finish dressing?"
"Not at all."
I turned around and waited for her. She continued talking while she dressed.
"My parents live just west of here. We met Brad and he invited us to use the land for camping any time we wanted to. My parent's land is not wooded and this is a perfect place to camp. So I have been coming here during school breaks just to get away. You can turn back around now."
Even dressed and with damp hair she was beautiful. She now had added jeans and boots to her shirt with the towel draped over her shoulder.
"Where do you got to school?"
"Baylor. I just finished my sophomore year."
"I go to UT and just finished my sophomore. What a coincidence."
"Yeah, it is."
"Have you lived near here very long?"
"No, just a little over two years now. We moved here when I graduated high school. My parents wanted to get out of Houston and the traffic after I was finished with high school."
"I can appreciate that. Austin traffic is bad enough, but Houston is far worse."
"Well, I need to get back to the camp and have some lunch, swimming always makes me hungry."
"And I have to start setting up camp. Shall we walk together?"
"Sure, it would be nice to have some company."
We walked back to the camp talking about nothing in particular. When we got back I started putting up the tent on the trailer and Sherry started making a fire for lunch. After getting the tent up I started unloading the trailer of stuff that would be safe outside. There were no bears around but there were raccoons and squirrels so the food and cooler were left in the trailer. I made up a bunk for myself in the tent and then started thinking about lunch.
"Chris, would you like to share some lunch with me?"
"What are you having?"
"Hot dogs and some chips. Is that okay for you?"
"That sounds great if you don't mind me eating your food."
"Not at all, I brought plenty."
"I have cold drinks and beer if you are interested?"
"A beer would be perfect."
I opened the cooler and got out two beers. I took one over to Sherrie. She was cooking four dogs and had brought chips and condiments. I opened the beer for her and handed it to her.
"Thanks. Hummm. That tastes good. How do you like you hot dog?"
"Cooked, not cold. I can eat it any way you fix it."
"You are easy."
"In more ways than one."
She got the joke and smiled at me.
When the dogs were done we prepared them with mustard, relish, and a few onions.
"You don't seem to have a chair, Sherrie. Would you like to borrow one of mine?"
"Thanks. With a car I can't transport everything I could use. So I do without some things."
We went over to the trailer and I set up two folding chairs. We sat down and ate our hot dogs.
"Hummm. You do a good job on cooking hot dogs. Mine usually come out burned."
"Thanks, Chris. I burned mine for a long time until I discovered that they have to be cooked over coals instead of a flame."
"I guess I will have to brush up on my outdoor cooking. I have not done it in a long time. Sherrie, what is your major in college?"
"Biology. Eventually I hope to get into research. What's yours?"
"Engineering. I want to be a civil engineer and do city planning."
"That sounds interesting and even exciting."
"What about your field? What kind of research do you want to do?"
"I would like to do brain research. We actually know only a little about how the brain works, and even less about how we learn things. I would like to contribute to finding out some of those mysteries."
"That sounds like a big topic to tackle. And not something an outdoors girl would be much interested in."
She blushed at that. "Well, I was not always an outdoor girl. I was a city girl until my parents moved out here. I started coming here and walking around and later I started to camp here. I really love it and even I am surprised at the way I am attracted to this place."
"I know. This place is special to me, too. I used to come here with my parents every summer and sometimes more often. I have a lot of nice memories of this place."
"You are actually the first person I have seen here since I started camping here. That's why you startled me at the pond. I thought of this place as my own private camp ground."
I smiled at that. "Uh, just so you know, I saw you get out of the water. I just walked up and there you were. I was not trying to spy on you."
She grinned. "That's okay. I'm not a prude or anything. Did you enjoy what you saw?"
Now it was my turn to blush. "I have to say, you are very nice looking. I think you startled me as much as I startled you."
"Well, I hope nudity does not bother you. I am usually very casual about my body when I am out here. Unless the mosquitoes are out."
"Yeah, they can be bad sometimes. But this time of year they are not out in force yet. As for me, I am not bothered by nudity either, but I am probably not as casual about it as you are. But don't let me stand in your way of being yourself. I'm just here to relax."
"Thanks. I will remember that."
"If you want company, though, I can be accommodating to that. I like to hike around and swim in the pond. There are some nice wildflowers over in that direction. It's too late for the bluebonnets, but there are other flowers almost a pretty at this time of year."
"Yeah, I found that field last year when I was here. It is beautiful."
"Well, I better get back to setting up my camp. I have a few more things to do."
"And I am going to read a book for a while."
"Good enough. See you later, then."
Sherrie went over to her tent and sat down on the tarp in front of her tent. Her book was inside the tent and she retrieved it and then laid back and started reading. I had some things to lay out and set up. I dug out the single solar panel and set it up over in the sun. Then I ran the power cord to the inverter which was connected to a small battery. That would give me enough power to charge my phone and tablet as well as supply power to the lights in the camper. But that was about it for that size battery. For anything else I would have to use the truck battery which was risky.
Next I set up the canopy connected to the trailer. It was small and only protected the trailer door but it was useful if it rained. Then I blocked the trailer tires with some rocks. That pretty much had the trailer set up.
I had a few more things to do but at least the major items were taken care of. After about an hour I had everything set up and put away. I sat down in the lawn chair and looked over at Sherrie. She was still reading her book. By now her hair was dry and I could tell she was a brunet. She was still an amazing looking woman. I could look at her all day and never tire of the view. I broke my stare and went to the cooler to get a cold drink. Then went back to the chair and continued to look at Sherrie. I had only known her a few hours but she was a fascinating person. Great looking, smart, ambitious, uninhibited, fun to be with, all in all someone I would like to know a lot better.
When I finished my drink I decided that I needed a walk. I bagged my empty can and went over to Sherrie.
"Sherrie, I am going for a walk and wanted to know if you wanted to come too?"
"I would love to. Let's go."
She put her book back in her tent and then we set off. I had a path in mind. It made a big circle of the pond and went past the field with all the wildflowers. There was also a good chance of seeing deer along the route.
We walked toward the wildflower field and talked along the way. Sherrie informed me that she was an only child and was third in line as valedictorian for her high school class. She had also been on the dean's list since she started college. She was not bragging about it because it came up when I revealed I had been on the dean's list last semester. It proved that she was as smart as I thought. But she did not flaunt her intelligence, which I appreciated.
When we reached the field she was surprised.
"Oh, Chris. This is the first time I have seen it this beautiful! Last year there were not this many flowers."
"Yeah, it was a dry winter and you need rain to really bring out the bounty. But this year's beauty is fleeting, a month from now this will all be dried grass."
"I guess Texas is like that."
"Makes you appreciate things like this. But I love this place just the same."
We moved on and the trail led into the woods. About ten minutes in I thought I saw something off the trail ahead. I stopped and pointed in that direction. Sherrie looked hard and then seem to see what I saw. A deer and a fawn were grazing in a small clearing. We proceeded slowly and as silent as we could to get closer. The deer looked our way but was not startled. She seemed to know we were harmless.
Sherrie put her arms around one of mine while we watched. She seemed transfixed at the sight of the deer and fawn. In truth, I was transfixed at her. Her touch was electric and she looked beautiful.
After a few minutes I motioned to her that we should continue our walk. After we had gone a little way she finally let go of my arm.
"Chris, that was amazing! I have never seen deer when I come to camp here."
"They are easy to miss if you are not looking for them. They blend in to the brush and you can walk right by them and miss them completely. And they usually startle easily. I was actually surprised they stood there and let us watch them."
"Well, that was a sight I will not forget. Thanks for showing them to me."
"You're welcome."
We hiked on until we came to the pond. We were on the opposite side from where we normally arrived to the pond. This side had a little area of grass that was short. On the grass were three rabbits grazing. I pointed them out but Sherrie said she had seen them many times. So we continued on.
Eventually we rounded the pond and came back to the camping area.
"Thanks, Chris. That was a nice walk. I had a really good time. Can we do that again?"
"Oh sure. It is one of my favorite activities when I come here. It clears the head and like today, it can be invigorating."
"Well, I guess I will get back to my book."
"Before I forget, do you need to charge your phone? I set up the solar panel and the battery should have some juice by now."
"Thanks, but I charged it this morning using the car."
"Just don't run down the car battery."
"I always turn the car on for a little while after I charge my phone."
"Well, be careful. And you can use the battery I have any time. There should be plenty of power to charge your phone with."
"Thanks."
With that she headed back to her tent and I to my trailer. Later on I got the fire restarted for the steaks I planned to grill. I dug out a big round steak, potatoes, and corn on the cob. I wrapped the corn in foil with butter and did the same with the potatoes. By then the coals were ready.
Sherrie came over to the fire pit to see what I was fixing.
"What are you fixing?"
"Steaks, baked potatoes, and corn on the cob. Want some?"
"Do I! You bet I do. It sounds delightful."
"I wasn't sure if you were a steak eater or not but I figured I would ask."
"You only have to ask once."
"How do you like yours cooked?"
"Medium."
"Ah, a real meat eater. I like that in a woman."
She laughed at that. I put the corn and potatoes in the coals and then put the steak on about twenty minutes later. That would make everything ready at the same time. I set out some plastic plates and some silverware along with some paper cups.
"What do you want to drink?"
"Got any Diet Coke?"
"Yes. That is what I drink as well."
I went to the ice chest and put ice in the cups and then brought two cans of Coke out for us. The steaks were about half done so we had a small amount of time until they were ready. I checked on the potatoes and they were almost done as well. That meant the corn would also be ready on time.
When everything was cooked I cut the steak in half and set out the corn and potatoes. I had set up a little camp table over by my chairs and we ate dinner on that.
"Wow, thanks Chris. This looks wonderful. And you said you needed practice at outdoor cooking."
"Well, anybody can cook this kind of food. Its tomorrow I'm worried about."
She giggled at that. "Some things can be forgiven after a meal like this."
We ate in silence and when we finished we both sat back in our chairs.
"I haven't eaten like that in a while. It sure was good." she said.
"Not bad for someone who hasn't done anything over a fire in a long time."
She was silent for a while.
"Chris, I'm glad you are here. This has been a wonderful day. Its been a long time since I enjoyed a day like today. Thanks."
"No thanks necessary. I'm glad to be here and I'm glad you are here. It was a nice and relaxing day. And it was better than being by myself. Thanks for being here."
"I'm glad I was."
We sat there in silence watching the sun get lower. It was already behind the trees and would set pretty soon.
"I guess I better clean up the dishes and put out the fire. Looks like we will need to gather some wood for the fire tomorrow."
"There's a big pile of wood just over there so no need to gather any."
"Thanks for letting me know. Want to help with the dishes?"
"Sure."
I got out two buckets and put a little water in each. The I added a little dish soap to one of them. We washed the plastic items, burned the paper items, and bagged the foil and other small items that needed to be carried out when I left. I let the dishes air dry and put out the fire after the paper items had been consumed. It was after sunset when we finished.
"Thanks for dinner, Chris. I guess I'm for reading a little and bed after that. Good night."
"Good night, Sherry. Sweet dreams."
I went inside the camper trailer and switched on a single light so I could read. When I looked out Sherrie was already reading by flashlight in her tent. She had pulled the mosquito net down and was lying on her front with a book on her pillow.
I got out the book I was reading and crawled on my bunk. I could still see Sherrie in her tent from my bunk. I tried to read but could not concentrate, I kept thinking about Sherrie. She was one of the nicest people I had ever met and I was really attracted to her. She was warm, friendly, and spoke her mind, all qualities I admired in a person. Plus she was a real knockout. Oh well, I switched off the light to get undressed.
I took off everything except my underwear and crawled back in bed. I continued to watch Sherrie even though I was reluctant to do so because it made me feel like a perv. But I could not take my eyes off of her. After a while she put her book away and got out of her tent. She started to undress all the way down to her skin. She stood there naked and stretched with her arms above her head. It made her breasts rise with her arms. She brought her arms back down and cupped her tits with her hands. She was rubbing them and pinching her nipples. Then she bent down to get back in her tent and I got a nice view of her ass. It was too dark to see anything else but what I did see was magnificent.
The show was over so I turned myself over and tried to sleep. I kept thinking about her and eventually I was dreaming about her. She was a remarkable woman.
The next morning I woke a little after sunrise. My morning wood was there to greet me as always so I decided to do something about it. I masturbated while thinking about Sherrie. She could make dead flesh rise from the grave so it was not long before I climaxed. I was cumming all over myself covering my stomach and some of my chest. When my spasms were over I found a paper towel to clean up with and got dressed. I needed to find a bush to water.
Once that was done I found the firewood right where Sherrie had pointed and brought back some for the fire pit. The coals were almost cold so I had to light a new fire. Once I had it going I went back to the camper to get a frying pan.
When I came out Sherrie was just coming out of her tent with her clothes in her hands. I tried to ignore her but it was impossible. She was so beautiful. She looked at me and smiled, then continued to dress.
"I hope I'm not too distracting?"
"You are not a distraction. You are a beautiful wonder."
She looked at me and smiled. "Thank you. What's for breakfast?"
"I was going to cook some eggs and sausage. Want some?"
"Sure, but let me supply the eggs."
"It's a deal."
When she finished dressing she went to her car where she kept her cooler and brought back six eggs. I dug out the sausage and sliced it into patties. The fire was down to coals so I put the sausage on the frying pan. When they were done I added the eggs to the pan and scrambled them.
"Breakfast is served."
She had gone to find a bush herself and was just returning. I had plates ready and served up everything. We went to our chairs and ate while talking about nothing in particular. When we finished we shared cleanup duties again.
"What's on tap for today?" she asked.
"Did you have anything in mind?"
"How about a swim to get clean later this morning after it warms up a little."
"I'd like that. I must smell awful."
"Not too bad. Like a man should smell."
"Not sure what that means but it's acceptable."
She went back to her tent and I went to check the battery. It was just barely discharged so I went ahead and charged my phone and tablet.
"Sherry, the battery has a nearly full charge. Want to charge your phone?"
"Yes, thanks."
She brought her phone over and plugged it in.
"Pretty neat setup."
"It does the job I need it to do."
She looked nice this morning and she smelled like a woman should. She saw me looking at her.
"Did you get an eyeful this morning?"
"Yes. I hope you don't mind if I look. But it makes me feel like a pervert."
She smiled. "I like it when you look at me, so go ahead and look."
"You're not afraid I will take advantage of you?"
"No, but even if you did I might not struggle as much as you think I will. Chris, you are nice person. No, that's not quite right, you are a great person. I like you. The thought of going to bed with you is not an unpleasant one."
"Wow, you really do speak your mind, don't you?"
"I've been told that a few times. I can see no reason to beat around the bush about the way I feel about anything or anyone. It's just the way I am."
"I have to tell you that I admire that about you. A person always knows where they stand with you."
"It has its good and bad points, but it is just the way I am. You can take it or leave it."
"Sherrie, if you don't mind me asking, when were you planning on going back home?"
"I don't mind. I was planning on breaking camp on Memorial Day."
"I guess that gives us the rest of the week and the weekend together. I hope I am not intruding on your alone time."
"Not at all. It's nice to be with good company."
"Thanks. Are you ready to go swimming?"
"You bet. Let me get my towel."
"I need to change into a swimsuit."
She giggled. "Don't bother. I did not even bring a suit. You might as well match me."
I smiled at that. "Okay, let me get my towel."
We walked to the pond and I was full of anticipation. Once there we used the rocks to put our towels and clothes on. By the time I was down to my underwear Sherrie was already naked. I pulled off my underwear and she held out her hand to me.
"Come on, Chris!"
I took her hand and we ran down into the water. I was glad of that because I was already getting hard. I hoped the water would help before I got fully erect. The water was a little cool but tolerable. We swam out to the middle of the pond together. She was a good swimmer taking long strokes and conserving her energy.
"God the water feels good. Is it too cold for you, Chris?"
"Feels nice. I have swum here when it was colder so I will survive."
We paddled around each other when Sherrie suddenly lunged at me and drove my head under the water. I surfaced and swam after her. I caught her foot and dragged her back to me where I grabbed her shoulder and ducked her head under the water. She popped back up and tried to grab me but I evaded her and swum away from her. She chased me and caught me by one of my arms. The she pulled me close to her and put her arms around me.
"Are we having fun yet?" she asked.
"Definitely."
She pulled me close and I could feel her breasts pressing against my chest. "We are only getting started. There will be more fun later."
She reached down and took hold of my penis. While not a total surprise, I did not expect it at that moment.
"Is your love handle working this morning?" she asked.
"You can't tell?"
"Just wanted to make sure it works as expected."
She let go and started swimming in slow circles around me like a shark sizing up a kill.
"Are you sizing up your victim?"
"Yeah. I think I found the one I want. Do I need to come in for the kill?"
"I give up. I'm all yours."
"Good. Come on."
She turned and headed back for shore. I followed right behind her. When we got to shallow water she stood up in waist deep water. I got up next to her and turned to face her. She put out her hand and smiled at me. I took her hand and she pulled me towards her. When I was up against her she put her arms around me and leaned in to kiss me. I met her lips and we kissed for the first time. As we kissed we pulled each other closer until we were touching as much as was possible. She felt great in my arms as our tongues intertwined and explored each others mouths. When we broke our kiss she looked directly at me.
"That was really nice, Chris. I have been wanting to do that since late yesterday. I hope I am not going too fast for you?"
"Not at all. I have wanted you since I first saw you. You are so beautiful I can hardly believe you are now in my arms. I want you."
"And I want you. What do you say we gather up our clothes and head back to camp where we can continue this in more comfort."
"I like that idea."
We scooped up our clothes and practically ran back to my trailer. Once inside we turned to face each again. This time there was no hesitation before we were in each others arms. I kissed her and held it as long as I could. She was warm and inviting, both soft and firm at the same time. My penis was becoming hard as a rock as I held her.
"Is that your love handle I feel, Chris?"
"Yes, and it is all yours."
"Hummm, that sounds nice."
She let go of me and slid down my torso until she was on he knees. She reached up with both hands, one on my penis, one on my balls.
"This is a nice set of equipment, Chris. But I may have to test it to see if it works properly."
She started rubbing my balls and and pulling on my cock.
"They seem to move correctly."
Now she started licking the head of my cock. Her tongue was warm and wet. She circled the head with her tongue and then started kissing it.
"The texture seems right."
She took my cock into her mouth and began sucking on it while moving it in and out of her mouth. After about a minute she stopped looked up at me and smiled.
"It tastes really good. Looks like everything works properly. I think I can look forward to having a really good time with this equipment."
I brought her back up to me and then I lowered myself to her crotch.
"Your equipment looks very nice. But is it properly lubricated?"
I put my finger against her opening and rubbed around it. Her lubrication was leaking out and was copious.
"You have the proper lubrication. But what about the throttle?"
I moved my finger to her clitoris and was rewarded with a slight groan from her.
"The throttle works properly. What about the headlights?"
I moved up and lightly massaged her breasts. The were full and firm with nice nipples which were erect even before I touched them. As I manipulated her breasts she bent her head slightly back and closed her eyes.
"The headlights are perfect. Shall we start you up?"
"Oh God, please do."
I picked her up in my arms and sat her on the edge of the bed. I spread her legs and she leaned back on the bed. Next I bent down and started kissing her inner thighs working my way up her legs. When I almost got to her pussy lips I started using my tongue and working around her crotch with it. She was nicely shaved and smooth as silk. Sherrie started to moan as I worked her mound over. When I had been everywhere I went back down and licked her pussy from the bottom to the top and over her clitoris.
"Oh, Chris. That feels exquisite. You really know what you are doing. Don't stop, please."
I inserted my tongue into he pussy as far as I could. Then started fucking it with my tongue. Her pussy was like wet silk, smooth and soft, yet wet. And she tasted really good, like warm vanilla ice cream. When I moved up to her clitoris again she started to move her hips up and down on my tongue. I reached up to her breasts with my hands and massaged them with the nipples under my palms. Her breasts were a real turn on for her and she was getting really close to cumming. I switched from using my tongue on her clitoris to sucking on it. That really drove her crazy. She started to writhe when her orgasm hit her.
I have never seen a woman buck like she did when she orgasmed. It was like riding one of those bull rides I have seen around. It was hard to keep my mouth on her clitoris she was moving so much. But I have to say that was one of the biggest orgasms I have ever seen and certainly the best one I have ever experienced on a woman personally. When she came down from it she raised her head and looked at me.
"Oh my God, Chris! Where did you learn to do that? That was the best orgasm I have ever had!"
"I aim to please."
"Then let me try to please you in the same way."
She jumped up off the bed and pushed me down on it on my back. Then she climbed on top of me and sat on my dick. She smiled at me and began to move her hips back and forth while her pussy rubbed its wetness all over my penis.
"Do you provide this service to all your clients?"
She smiled big time at that question. "Only the ones I really like. The rest just get a slam-bam-thank-you-mam fuck. But let me show my specialty service."
She reached down and guided my dick into her pussy. The first thing she did was to clench her pussy on me, again and again.
"Feel good?"
"That is really nice, Sherrie. You do these exercises all the time?"
"Every chance I get."
Sherrie had pussy skills I have never felt before. She was fantastic, an unbelievable turn on. When she finally started moving up and down on me she continued her clenches, although at a slower pace.
"Sherrie, you are the best I have ever had."
"You are not so bad yourself."
She smiled down at me and I returned that smile. I reached up to her breasts and traced my fingers around them. Then I touched her nipples and circled them with my index fingers. Her nipples responded by becoming hard. It really turned me on.
I needed her so I pulled her down to my chest and kissed her. We opened our mouths together and intertwined our tongues. She tasted sweet and warm. Her breasts were pressed against my chest and we continued to pump each other slowly but with purpose.
We broke the kiss and looked at each other. She had a beautiful face and her hair fell all around her head. When she smiled she lit up the room as well as my heart. She was taking me places I have never been before.
"I like fucking you, Chris. You are giving me something I have not ever experienced. I am not even sure what it is, but I definitely feel it. Just keep doing what you are doing."
"I think I feel it too, Sherrie. Whatever it is it's as real as you are. And you have to be real to make my cock feel like it does."
She smiled at that. "Let's see if we can't maximize that feeling."
Her pumping became faster and faster. She was intent on making me cum.
"Sherrie, this may be the wrong time to ask, but are you protected?"
She laughed. "Not to worry, I use an IUD so we are safe."
That made me feel better. Not only was she beautiful and intelligent, she was practical as well. And a fabulous fuck. She was starting to drive me crazy. I finally had to return her pumping actions and began to slam my cock into her.
"Oh, Chris! Don't stop. Just keep fucking me. Fuck me! Fuck me!"
And I did as she asked. I kept up slamming into her, over and over. And she was returning my actions with everything she had. She was almost in agony as she approached her climax. Her eyes were closed and she furrowed her brow. A low scream was forming in her throat that kept growing in volume until she was almost out of control. It was also driving me to my climax quickly and we seemed to get to our orgasms at the same time.
We were both out of control. I still do not understand how we stayed connected to each other, pussy and cock, but we did. I must have sprayed a quart of love juice into her because it was leaking all over us along with her juices. We each road out our climaxes together by hugging each other as tight as we could. When it was finally over we both collapsed trying to catch our breaths while still holding each other.
We lay there in the afterglow of our coupling absorbing each others warmth.
"God, Chris. That was incredible. No one has ever fucked me like that before."
"It was the same for me, Sherrie. It was the best experience of my life. I could get to like this very much."
She smiled at that. "Me, too. I think I am addicted already."
I hugged her at that declaration.
"Will you do that to me again? Soon?"
I smiled at that. "Of course I will. Anytime you want it. And I will enjoy it just as much as you, maybe more."
"I don't see how that is possible. You almost fucked me into unconsciousness. But I loved every minute and second of it."
"I'm glad you were not disappointed. I do my best."
"Yes you do!" she exclaimed with a smile.
I hugged her again.
"I think we need another swim to wash off results of our coupling." I said.
"Yeah, I am kind of sweaty."
"Then lets go. This time we do a leisurely swim."
She smiled again. God I loved that smile.
We got up and did not even bother putting clothes on. We walked hand in hand down to the pond and this time we stayed in the water for quite a while getting the sweat and grime off our bodies. We both caressed each other since we did not bring any soap to make sure we were as clean as we could get. We also kissed, held, and caressed each other. I could not get enough of her.
When we were clean we returned to the camp in search of our clothes. We needed clothes because the wild outdoors is not a place to be nude or barefoot for city dwellers.
It was lunch time so I made tuna fish sandwiches with chips and Coke. We ate with each other chatting about ourselves and our lives. She was easy to be with and her conversation was delightful. Her attraction was really getting to me.
After lunch we went for a walk in a different direction than the day before. We did not see any animals this time except the hawks flying above. But it was great just being with Sherrie. We held hands as we walked and talked. She was very comfortable to be with, like an old friend.
When we got back to the camp it was mid afternoon. It was getting warm, but still not too hot even for late May. It was still nice in the shade so I decided to see if Sherrie wanted to lie down for a while.
"Are you sure if sleep is your ultimate goal, Chris?"
"Maybe, maybe not."
We were both grinning at each other. I got a blanket out of the trailer and spread it in the shade where there was a little breeze. I also got some pillows to make us more comfortable. We both laid down beside each other and talked for a while.
"Sherrie, are you involved with anyone right now?"
"Not at the moment, unless you mean you?"
"No silly. I just wondered because I really like you. I could even fall for you, so I just wanted to know if I was stepping in something I might regret."
"So far I have not been serious with anyone I have dated. As you may have surmised I do have sex sometimes, but no real relationship has ever resulted from it. No one has made me see fireworks yet."
"Not even me?"
She smiled again. Wow. "You are the exception. I admit that you do set off fireworks in me. I'm still thinking about that. I'm not sure about what to do about you. I have to have a little time to understand what I'm feeling."
"I know what you mean. No one has ever made me feel like this. I'm still trying to work it all out for myself."
"Well, at least neither us is jumping in ahead of the other. All I know at the moment is that being with you is like nothing I have ever felt. And all I want to do is stay with you."
"And have sex with me?"
"Oh yes. That is for sure."
I looked at her and smiled, then leaned in to kiss her. She kissed me right back. I rolled onto my stomach and leaned in to kiss her again while unbuttoning he blouse. One of the things I learned earlier was that she did not wear a bra, at least not while camping. Her breasts were easily accessible to me and I made the most of them. I opened her blouse wide and felt each breast making sure I memorized the outline of both of them. They were glorious. Each nipple came alive when I touched them and they felt wonderful against the palm of my hand.
While I was concentrating on her breasts she reached down to rub my cock through my jeans. At about the same time I started kissing and licking her breasts she unzipped me and unfastened my belt to get better access to me. She reached into my underwear and pulled out my cock then started to jack it a little. That was getting me going so I reached down and unfastened her jean shorts so I could get unfettered access to her love tunnel.
"I will let you have access to everything if you let me take my clothes off."
I let her stand up and she took off her blouse slowly, teasing me. She finally took it off and tossed it aside. Then she pushed her shorts down very slowly and stepped out of them. All she had left was her panties and she made the most of that by teasing me some more with them. She was turning me on like no one else ever had. She finally rolled them off her hips and down her legs. After she stepped out of them she looked at me and spread her legs about two feet apart giving me direct sight of her entire crotch area. Her pussy lips protruded slightly from her labia and appeared to be already wet.
"Your turn. Get naked." she commanded.
I wasn't nearly as slow about it as she had been. I threw my clothes on top of hers and then lay down beside her again.
"You are so beautiful, Sherrie. I'm pretty sure you've been told the before, but I just want to let you know that it really is true. I still can't believe that you want to be with me. I feel so lucky."
"You are beautiful, too, Chris. You do things to me that make me feel beautiful, and wanted."
I pulled her into an embrace. It felt so nice and so right. Suddenly I knew this was where I belonged, in her arms and embracing her. I held her a long time.
"This is so right, Chris."
"I was thinking the very same thing. I could stay just like this forever."
She hugged me even tighter. Then reached down to my cock. After raising her leg she guided it into her while we lay on our sides. I felt connected to her in every way possible. We were making love, not just fucking.
"Oh, Sherrie. I think I'm falling in love with you, and I have only known you a little over a day. I can't help myself."
She held me even tighter. "Oh, Chris. That's what I wanted to hear. I am falling in love with you as well. Will you do this to me all week?"
"Of course I will. It will be my pleasure to pleasure you."
"That sounds nice. But now I want to concentrate on pleasing you."
With that she rolled me on my back and never disconnected from me. She was on top again and doing her best to milk me dry. I was doing my best to pump her until she cried uncle, or orgasmed. I started massaging her breasts. I loved the way they felt and looked. She was lovely in every way.
"Sherrie, you are the best person I have ever known. And you are the best lay I have ever had. I love being inside you and pleasuring you. I could do this the rest of the week."
"I sure hope so. I seem to need you like I have never needed anyone. I am yours all week long."
We continued to make love. I asked her to change positions and I put her under me. This gave me the advantage in pounding her to orgasm. I kept pumping her until at last she orgasmed. She bucked me as she convulsed. I slowed a little pumping her but kept going. She finally looked up at me and smiled.
"Give me another, Chris. Keep fucking me."
I did just that. Soon I could tell she was aroused again. This time she was meeting each thrust I made by jutting her hips up a little driving me deeper into her. She was looking me straight in the eye and grinning at me.
"Come on big boy, give that cock to me. Make me cum again. Fuck me. Fuck me!"
I smiled at her and kept pounding her pussy. She was getting closer and so was I.
"Tell me you like the way I fuck you, Sherrie."
"Like it! I love it! You fuck me like no one else ever has. If it was possible I would keep you in me from now on. I love the feel of your cock, the way it makes my pussy feel, the way it makes my clitoris feel, the way it makes me feel."
"That's what I want to hear. You are driving me to the edge. I'm getting very close."
"Oh, God, me too. Just keep fucking me."
I could feel my sperm rising from my balls, and then I climaxed and sprayed her pussy with everything I had to give. That must have driven her over the edge as well because she started convulsing and thrusting her hips in the air. If it would have been possible I would have bottled that feeling and sold it in million dollar doses.
Too soon, it was over and I collapsed on top of her completely sapped of all my strength. She recovered before me.
"Is it going to be like that every time, Chris?"
"God I hope so. It will probably reduce my life span by a few years but it will be worth it."
"Well worth it."
I rolled to her side and held her close. Slowly my eyes closed and the next thing I knew I was asleep. She must have fallen asleep with me because when I woke her eyes were closed. I watched her sleep thinking I was the luckiest man alive. She was so beautiful and she was in my arms. I could feel her breasts against me and her warmth was penetrating me.
She finally opened her eyes and smiled at me.
"You're awake." I said.
"Maybe. What time is it?"
"Afternoon."
She punched me with her fist. "Smart ass. Well, at least it is still daylight."
"And I still have you in my arms. And we are naked. Isn't that all that matters?"
"I guess so. I could stay like this so I guess the time really doesn't matter."
She hugged me closer.
"God you feel good, Sherrie."
"So do you, but this girl is thirsty. How about a beer?"
"Absolutely. One beer coming up."
I disconnected from her and went to the cooler to get two beers. I returned to the blanket and sat down next to her.
"I checked the time. It's 5 o'clock. I guess we need to think about dinner. Any suggestions?"
"How about I fix dinner tonight. You fixed last night."
"That's okay with me. I'll get the firewood and get the fire started."
I finished my beer and then got dressed. There was still plenty of firewood in the pile so I just took an armload back to the fire pit and started a fire.
Sherrie had stew makings in a jar that she threw in a pot with some fresh vegetables. She put it on the fire to warm up. We sat in my chairs to wait for it to cook.
"Sherrie, I have to go to get some ice for the cooler tomorrow. Do you want to go with me?"
"I'd love to. I need ice as well. You want to get lunch at a place I know? They have good home cooking at reasonable prices. We can also get ice there."
"That sounds great."
"There are a few shops there as well if you need anything."
"Just ice, and you."
She smiled at that. She was quiet for a moment.
"Chris, I think we a building a pretty good relationship. What are we going to do when it comes time for us to leave here?"
"Good question. I wish I knew. What I do know is that I want a continuing relationship with you. I just have no idea how we do that going to different schools."
"Same here. I want the same thing. And I can't come up with any good way to make sure that happens. I was hoping you would have some ideas."
"All the ideas I have would involve a disruption of one of our lives and I just don't want to do that. It would just lead bad feelings for one or both of us. Neither of us need that."
"Yeah. I thought of that too and came to the same conclusions you did. What are we going to do, Chris?"
"We will work something out something. We have a few days to think about it so I know we will come up with some solution. I think we both want the same thing so there is bound to be a solution we both can live with. There just has to be."
"I sure hope there is one. I want us to have that relationship. Because I am pretty sure it will lead to something deeper between us."
"So do I. We need to keep an open mind about this, but I know we will come up with something."
She reached over and grasped my hand. "Thanks, Chris. That makes me feel better that we are both on the same page about this. Now I know that you are a great person without a doubt."
"I already figured that out about you. That is one of the reasons I am falling for you."
We kept holding hands in silence. It was enough that we were together at the moment. But we did have a problem, and I really had no ideas about how to solve it. The best I could come up with was to see each other as often as possible. At least we were within driving distance from each other. Baylor was only about two hours away from Austin, but driving that too often would get old in a hurry for either one of us.
Soon enough the stew was ready. We dished out some for each of us, added some crackers and bread, and had a really nice meal. There was lots of stew and we left enough for another meal later. Sherrie took the pot off the fire for it to cool before putting it back in the cooler.
It was still a few hours before bed so we both decided to read for a while. We got out our books and laid down on the blanket we had used previously. After a while it was too dark to read so I invited her back to the camper with me.
The bed was still messy from this morning so we cleaned it up before using it to continue our reading. I noticed that it was clouding up when we came to the camper so I got out my phone to check the weather forecast. It was not great. A forty percent chance of rain late tonight and sixty percent tomorrow. The probably meant we would be stuck inside a lot of the day, which was not all that bad since Sherrie was with me.
When we were tired of reading we got up and hit the bushes outside. Then we came back in and undressed for bed. Sherrie took everything off so I followed her example. We climbed into bed and she moved next to me. I could feel her bodily warmth as she pressed up against me.
"Goodnight, Sherrie. Sweet dreams."
"Same to you, Chris."
Sometime in the middle of the night I thought I heard thunder. There was a little rain coming down but I did not hear any more thunder or see any lightning. I went back to sleep.
When I woke up the next morning the rain had stopped for the time being. Sherrie was still asleep so I slowly got out of bed so I could hit the bushes. When that task was done I got back in bed with her. A little later she woke up and asked me to let her make her trip to the bushes. When she came back she climbed over me and cuddled up next to me.
It was a little cool this morning due to the rain. We both felt lazy and just held each other for a while. She felt so good. We had just spent our first night together and I was looking forward to many more nights with her. Even if it was just sleeping. All I knew was that having her naked body next to mine was unbelievable. It made me feel wanted by her.
My morning wood had subsided already but being next to Sherrie was bringing it back to life. I guess she noticed because she moved her hand down to massage it. God that felt good.
"That is nice to wake up to. You always know what I want, Sherrie."
"That's because I want it, too."
I rolled onto my side to face her and put her into my arms. I kissed her and rubbed my hand along her side to her hips. Her ass was calling my name so I began to caress it, first with soft strokes on her buttocks and then down the back of her thighs. She raised her top leg and that gave me access to her inner thighs. Her skin was warm and smooth.
"That feels good, Chris. Finger me a little bit."
I slowly moved to her pussy running my fingers along each side of her mound. I teased her lips and clitoris by lightly running my middle finger over them. I kept this up for a while as I was taking my time because I wanted this to last a while.
"You sure know how to make me feel good, Chris."
"I like doing this. It turns me on as well."
When I could feel a little lubrication I dipped my finger just inside her lips and sure enough she was already lubricated. I wet my finger and then moved to her clitoris where I circled it without really rubbing it. Her hips started moving a little as I circled her. Then I started alternating between rubbing her and dipping my finger into her. This produced a little groan from her.
"Like it?"
"Oh yes. Just don't stop. It feels so good."
I finally really inserted my middle finger into her looking for her G-spot. It was easier to find than I thought and once I began to massage it she started moving her hips up and down. Without removing my middle finger I began to rub he clitoris with my thumb.
"Aaahhhh. Keep that up and you will make me cum."
"That's the whole idea."
"You have the best ideas. I'm getting close. Rub my clitoris a little faster."
I sped up a bit and pressed a little harder and that caused her to slowly raise her hips a little. I continued my ministrations when suddenly she raised her hips even higher.
"I'm cumming! I'm cumming!"
And with that she almost screamed as she climaxed. She was convulsing hard and she kept pushing against my hand and fingers. I could feel her vagina squeeze my finger and she suddenly got much wetter. Her spasms continued for some time before she finally came down from her climactic high.
"Oh God, Chris. You really know how to make me feel good."
"And you got me really horny with that."
"Will you let me blow your cock? I really like to do that."
"What ever makes you happy."
She moved down the bed a little and place my cock in her hand. She used her tongue to stimulate the purple head while her hand pulled on it. Then she moved her hand down to my balls and gently massaged them while taking my cock into her mouth. It was warm and wet and she sucked on it very gently.
"Now that's what I call a blow job."
I could see her smile as she sucked and tongued my cock. I smiled back at her. She really knew what she was doing because it felt better that any other blow job I had ever been given. I could feel myself getting closer and she sensed that. She started moving faster on my cock and sucking harder.
"I'm getting close, Sherrie."
She never slowed down until I hit that sweet spot and delivered a big load of spunk to her mouth. I just kept gushing and gushing with maybe 15 spasms. Finally I was spent and she slowed down her up and down motions. When she had sucked the last of my love juice she raised her head and smiled at me.
"Feel good?"
"If you only knew."
"Oh, I think I do."
She moved back up to me and laid against me with my arm on my chest. As we lay there I could hear the rain start back up outside. It was not hard but it was enough to get really wet if you went outside. Then, I felt Sherrie's hand go back down to my cock.
"Chris, I'm still horny. I need you inside me. I need you to fuck me from behind, doggy style."
"Your wish is my command."
She continued to stroke me until I was fully erect again. When I was had again she got on her hands and knees with her head lowered onto the pillow. I got on my knees behind her and started rubbing my cock against her pussy lips."
"That feels good, Chris. You can put it in anytime."
I rubbed her lips with my cock a little more and then slowly inserted myself into her. She was really tight in this position. I slowly withdrew about half way and then inserted myself again.
"Oh God, Chris. You fill me up and it feels wonderful. You are so good to me."
"Believe me, the pleasure is all mine. You feel unbelievable around my cock."
I continued to fuck her slowly. It felt so right to pleasure her this way, especially since she liked it too. It was like we were hand and glove. We fit each other in many ways but especially with sex. We seemed to know what each other wanted and needed. My appreciation for Sherrie was growing every moment I was with her.
"A little faster now, Chris."
I sped up a little and now she was returning each of my thrusts with her hips. She lifted her head off the pillow and let her arms support her. I could just reach her breasts. They were full and firm this morning and I massaged them until her nipples were hard."
"Oh, Chris. You really know how to please me. I may never let you leave this camper today so you can fuck me all day."
She was insatiable. And I would do just as she asked and never leave her side all day if that was what she wanted.
My cock was sliding in and out of her so nicely. And she was moving to enhance our pleasure. As I got closer to my climax I realized that I could never find anyone like Sherrie. She was the one for me.
"Sherrie, I think I love you. I know it sounds crazy, but I can't help myself. You are so right for me and I know I will never find another that even comes close to you."
"Oh God, Chris. I love you, too. It is crazy, but I can't help myself either. I want you to be mine forever. Promise me you will be mine."
"I already belong to you just as my cock belongs in your pussy."
"Then make me cum. Make me yours by pleasuring me to climax."
"Get ready. Here I come."
And then I began to really pound her and she replied with her hips moving faster. We were both like two animals in heat except it was mutual pleasure we were producing.
"Fuck me, Chris! Fuck me like you mean it! I love it like this!"
She was making me crazy and I pounded her even harder.
"I'm cumming!"
Her pussy suddenly gripped my cock like a vise. Her whole body was shaking and there was a low growl from her throat. I kept pumping until my orgasm overcame me. I must have had 12 spasms of spurting my love juice into her. It felt incredible. When it was over we both collapsed onto our sides still connected to each other. We lay there for a moment and then Sherrie turned to face me.
"God I love you." she said and then grabbed me and kissed me like I have never been kissed before. We held it for a long time and I never wanted to let her go, but we eventually broke the kiss.
"And I love you, Sherrie. This is all happening so fast, but I never want it to stop. I will ride this train until it stops. I just hope it never does stop."
"I will not let it stop. We are on this ride together and that is the way I want it. I know that this is right and that it will last."
"I pledge to work at that every day. I could not do otherwise because of the way I feel for you. I love you and I will never tire of saying or proving it."
"And I will do the same. I am yours and you are mine and it will be that way from now on."
We hugged each other as the rain beat against the roof of the camper. This was the best camping trip ever, rain and all. Eventually we let go of each other and we both were a little teary eyed. That made us hug again. When we recovered I looked out the door of the camper where it was raining.
"It looks like we will be inside most of the day with this rain. Do you still want to go to lunch? That might be our only hot meal of the day with this rain."
"Yeah, I guess we should try. But what about breakfast? I'm kind of hungry now."
"I have some breakfast bars just for days like today. Will that work for you?"
"I guess it will have to."
I got out of bed and dug into my supplies for some bars.
"You want apple or cherry?"
"Make mine cherry."
I tossed some bars to her and opened the ice chest for some juice. I pulled out two bottles and gave one to Sherrie. We sat on the bed and ate our bars. Oh, and there is nothing like eating a meal in the nude with the one you love. Throughout breakfast we kept glancing at each other and smiling. I don't think I have ever been happier.
"I think we are both in need of some kind of bath." I said.
"Yeah, I think we are stuck with a sponge bath today. We can use the rain as our water. It will be a little cool but its all I can think of."
"A bath in the rain sounds like fun."
We finished breakfast and gathered up what we needed to clean up then proceeded to go outside and into the rain. I used the soap to lather up Sherrie paying special attention to her naughty parts. Sherrie did the same for me and we let the rain rinse us off. After getting all the soap off we took shelter under the camper canopy and dried each other off.
We both suddenly realized that Sherrie's clean clothes were in her car. So I dashed back out into the rain and gathered up what I thought she needed from her car and dashed back. Sherrie dried me off again and we went back into the camper.
We got dressed and Sherrie congratulated me on retrieving everything she needed to get properly dressed. I put on some fresh clothes for the day and sat on the bed. Sherrie came over to me between my legs and put her arms around my neck.
"You know, Chris. We still have a problem."
"Yeah, I know. I still have no solution but I am more determined than ever to finding one. I want our relationship to be solid and it just will not happen if we are away from each other for long periods."
"I feel the same. We have to solve this somehow."
"Well, I am not giving up. There is a solution out there and we just have to find it. I refuse to give up."
"Okay, will try not to worry."
It was not even ten o'clock yet so we decided to read more until it was time to go to lunch. We both got our books and relaxed on the bed until it was time to go. Every once we would look at each other and smile knowing we had something that no one else knew about.
When it came time to go the rain had let up a little, enough so that we did not get too wet getting to the truck. The truck started right up and we went down the road to the property gate. I got out and opened the gate and then closed it once we were through it. Sherrie pointed me to the right and we turned onto the county road. About eight miles down the road was the dinner she spoke of along with a store and a gas station.
The dinner was nothing special, just tables and chairs, but the menu hosted a lot of entries. Sherrie said to pick anything and it would be good. I settled for chicken fried steak and she went for the seafood platter. We talked and drank our tea while we waited on the food.
It turns out the food was really good home cooking with just the right flavoring. The steak was generously large and the vegetables cooked as I liked them. The seafood platter was also generous with a great selection of fish, shrimp, and clam strips.
We continued to talk throughout the meal. I really liked her company. She was not only intelligent but also witty. And she smiled all through the meal. Neither of us had room for dessert so we skipped that and paid out bill along with a nice tip.
The store next door had ice but we looked around in case we saw something else we wanted to buy. Sherrie picked up some condiments and some peanuts and I got some more sausage as well as the ice for both of us. We got it loaded in the car without getting soaked and headed back to the campsite.
Once back I unloaded the car. It was only sprinkling by then so I asked Sherrie whether or not she wanted to strike her tent. She decided to leave it up but remove a lot of the contents to my camper and the rest to her car. We finished just in time as the rain turned heavy again just after we got into the camper.
We took our muddy shoes off and settled into the bed again to read for the afternoon. It was nice just to be with her, to have her close, and to talk to her.
"Sherrie, what are you doing the rest of the summer?"
"I was going to help my dad around their place. The barn needs a lot of repairs and the house also could use some work. Dad was planning on hiring someone if he can find someone willing to work on the place. He has checked around and can't find anyone willing to work on multiple projects. We need a person who can be a carpenter, a plumber, a roofer, and who knows what else could come up."
It sounded interesting if the money was okay. And it would mean I would be with Sherrie the whole summer.
"I might be willing to apply for the job if the money is not too low."
"Oh, dad's willing to pay a descent wage. Are you serious about this?"
"Yeah. I need a job for the summer and this sounds like it could be interesting."
"Oh, Chris! That would be fabulous. We could be together all summer!"
"Would your folks be okay with that? I don't want to be stepping on anyone's toes."
"Mom and dad are are pretty liberal. They have let me have boys in my bedroom before without any trouble. In fact, they have pretty much let me live the way I want while being at home. So you could stay with me all summer. And I am sure they would not mind feeding you as part of your pay."
"It sounds like the ideal situation, but I would want to meet them before we decide anything."
"Of course. Let me call my dad and see if he is still looking for someone and then if he has not found someone set up a time to get together. I am sure he can do it some day this week."
"Okay, call him and lets see where it goes."
She got out her cell phone and called her dad. He picked up right away and Sherrie started to negotiate for me. The job was still open and her dad was willing to have me stay with them for the summer. Sherrie gave me the phone and I talked to her dad a while before we settled on the pay rate. He wanted to pay me a daily rate and I was okay with that even though it was a little low for an eight hour day. But I figured being with Sherrie and the free meals would more than make up for that.
Sherrie's dad wanted to meet me the next day to finalize everything. I figured he wanted to to meet me before he granted me all summer with his daughter, which made a lot of sense to me. So we set the meeting for lunch the next day. Then I gave the phone back to Sherrie. She talked with her dad a while longer and I could tell the conversation revolved around me. But conversation seemed jovial so she either had her dad wrapped around her little finger or he was as liberal as she said he was.
"Your dad sounds nice."
"He is, both mom and dad are great people. I'm really lucky to have them as parents. Being an only child means their lives revolve around me, but while they are protective, they let me have my freedom and let me make my own mistakes. Not that I make mistakes very often, but they always support me."
"Sounds like you love them a lot."
"Oh yeah. They are the greatest. No one could ask for better parents."
"Mine are mostly the same except that I have two older sisters which I really adore. Everyone always kept me in line and made sure I had the proper respect for women. Which has been beneficial for my sex life."
"I think I can attest that they did a good job. You seem perfect to me."
"Thanks. I know my sisters would appreciate that. But I like to think that I would have come out okay without their influence, they just made me a little better."
Sherrie leaned over and kissed me. "Yeah, you turned out alright." she said with a grin.
I kissed her back. "You want some dinner? I'm afraid it will be cold with the rain."
"I'll survive as long as you keep me warm."
Since we both had a big lunch I thought we could do with something light. So I dug out some cheese, crackers, lunch meat, and some nuts, along with some Cokes. We sat on the bed eating and talking.
"If this works out at least it will give us more time to come up with a long term plan for us." she said.
"I had not thought of that, but you're right."
The rain was stopping again and it looked like it was clearing from the Northwest.
"I think the rain is stopping. We might be able to go for a walk before sunset." I said.
"I'd like that. I could use some exercise."
"Me, too. Let's wait a few more minutes and then check again before we go."
We continued to talk while waiting to be sure the rain was over. It kept clearing so we decided it was safe. We went down the road to the highway because it was hard packed and had only a few muddy spots. We held hands as we walked and talked. The sun peaked out under the clouds as it was going down in the West. It looked like it would be a nice sunset.
When we got to the gate we turned around and went back the way we came. Soon we were back at the camp. I got the lawn chairs back out and made sure they were dry. We sat in them as we watched the sun go down.
"Sherrie, tell me something about you I don't know."
"Well, I've had three sexual partners. I lost my virginity on prom night to my first partner. I know that sounds trite, but it's the truth. We only did it that one time and I lost track of him after graduation. My second relationship happened my freshman year with a boy from one of my classes. It lasted about three months but we grew tired of each other because there were no sparks for either of us. The third relationship was just this spring and lasted a little over a month. He was cheating on me so I broke it off as soon as I found out. What about you?"
"I was a virgin until my freshman year. I met this girl in the library and we started seeing each other. She was more sexually experienced and showed me a lot. But she found someone else and we broke it off. My sophomore year I met a girl in my history class and we started dating. It got sexual rather quickly and we were like a couple of rabbits there for a while. About four months into the relationship she suddenly broke up with me. I never did find out why and she would not talk about it. But I got over it. There are just some weird people out there I guess."
"Tell me about it. In high school I dated this guy who seemed nice at first but then I found out he was using drugs. I broke that off pretty quickly. I dated some other guys but nothing clicked with any of them. You are the first one that feels right."
"Thanks, I will try to live up to your expectations."
"You already have. Every time I learn something new about you I fall further in love with you. You are the best thing to ever happen to me."
I reached over and held her hand. "And you are the best thing that ever happened to me. Any thing else you want to talk about?"
"Tell me about your sisters."
"Elsa is four years older. She graduated from UT two years ago with a degree in Nursing. She works at a hospital in Austin now and is dating a guy she met last year. I think they are making marriage plans for this fall."
"That's cool."
"Sue just graduated UT with a degree in Business. She started work for a company in downtown Austin last week. She is a lone wolf and unless she meets someone special she will probably remain single. She probably had the most influence on me as she was kind of my mentor as well as my sister. We hung out a lot together as we were growing up and she was like a best friend."
"I kind of wish I had brothers or sisters. I think I missed out on not having siblings. Mom and dad are great but brothers and sisters are pretty neat."
"Yeah, most guys I know are not close to their sisters but Sue and I were always close. She's a wonderful person and a great sister. I love her a lot."
"That's nice."
We sat there looking at the last of the sunset, it was beautiful. When it was over we went inside the camper and got something to drink and then came back outside. The mosquitoes were not bad so we were able to sit outside a while longer.
"Chris, do you have sexual fantasies?"
"Nothing I am infatuated with, just the usual things for guys. A threesome with two girls is probably my most recurrent fantasy. But in all honesty I don't see that happening as I am kind of a one woman man. I guess I am pretty conservative when it comes to my love life."
She smiled. "Me, too. But I do have some fantasies I like to masturbate to. Anal sex is probably the one that is my most frequent. I want to try it sometime but the time must be right. And I sometimes think about girls. There was a girl in my freshman year that I used to fantasize about. Nothing ever happened but that might be something I want to try with the right girl."
"Interesting. I can see the anal fantasy but not the girl fantasy. You don't seem to be the same sex kind of person to me. But then again, things can change when the right person comes along."
"You do keep and open mind. It is one of your qualities I really like. And I think you are right about that certain person coming along. It certainly was with you."
I smiled at that. "It was the same for me. You are a very special person and I know I am lucky that you find me attractive."
"I find you more than attractive. You are loving, intelligent, thoughtful, and very special. Oh, and sexy as hell. Just thinking about sex with you is enough to get my juices flowing."
"That makes me hard. Want to do something about it?"
"Absolutely."
We went back inside. I embraced her and we held each other standing up for a little while. Eventually she lifted her head and we kissed. Our tongues danced about in each others mouths while our hands wandered about our bodies. We broke the kiss and we started to slowly undress each other. When I got her shirt off I massaged her breasts with both hands while she started to unfasten my jeans. Her breasts were warm and firm and just the right size for my hands. I brought her back into an embrace so I could feel her ample breasts against me.
"God you feel good." I said.
"So do you."
She continued to remove my jeans while I unfastened hers. When we were both in our underwear we moved to the bed to lie next to each other. We slowly caressed each other taking our time to relax and make each other horny, although we probably did not really need to get much more horny than we already were. We started to use our tongues to make love to each other. She would lick my nipples and my ear lobes and I would do the same to her. After a while I took her panties off and removed my own.
I could see her pussy and it glistened with her wetness.
"Lick my pussy, Chris. Suck on my clitoris. Make me cum that way."
I moved down to her pussy and started to lick around it. Her juices were running heavily tonight and I was lapping them up as best I could. I licked her pussy from the bottom to the top eliciting a nice moan from her when I reached her clitoris. I flicked my tongue against it gently and then sucked on it a little. She began to writhe by moving her hips while I worked on her.
"You are the best pussy eater ever, Chris. That feels so good."
Taking my time was what Sherrie liked best so I was gentle with all my licks, kisses, and sucks. I kept alternating between her pussy and clitoris devoting equal time to both. When she felt ready I inserted a finger into her pussy to find her G-spot. She let me know when I discovered it by moaning for me.
"Uummmm. That's the spot. Make me cum, Chris."
I began to fuck her with my finger while rubbing he clitoris with my other hand. This was really turning her on and she was moving her hips faster.
"Ohhh! Fuck me, Chris! Fuck me!"
I just kept up what I was doing and soon she was close."
"I'm cumming, Chris. I'm cumming!"
And she did cum with a huge orgasm. Her pussy walls clamped down on my finger while her fluids flooded out of her pussy. She was having a wonderful orgasm with convulsions that racked her whole body. Giving her this level of pleasure always made me feel on top of the world.
When she finally came down she looked down at me and smiled.
"That was exquisite, Chris. But now I have a favor to ask. Would you fuck me in the ass?"
"Of course I will if that is what you want?"
"Yes, it is what I want."
She turned over and got on her knees. I used her wetness to lube her anus. I spent a little time doing this to loosen her up. Then I applied her wetness to my cock and rubbed it against her anus.
"That feels good, Chris. You can put it in any time."
I pressed my cock against her anus and slowly put just the head in.
"Are you okay, Sherrie?"
"Just give me a few seconds to relax."
I held still until she was ready.
"Okay, you can push it in now."
I eased my cock into her hole until it was half way in and then paused.
"You are so big, but it feels so good. Can you get more in me?"
"Yes." I said and pushed more of my cock into her. I waited a few seconds and slowly pulled it out of her about two thirds of the way.
"Go ahead, Chris. Fuck me slowly."
So I started a slow in and out of her anus. She was unbelievably tight and it was very stimulating. Sherrie put her hand between her legs and started rubbing her clitoris.
"Oh God, Chris. That feel really good. I can't believe how good it feels to have you in my ass."
"It feel good to me, too. I probably will not last too long because of how tight you are."
"That's okay. Cum when you feel the need. Just don't remove yourself from me."
I was able to last a while longer but then I could feel my orgasm approaching.
"Sherrie, I going to cum."
"Cum for me, Chris! Cum for me."
And I did. It was very intense and I must have pumped her ass full of cum. I was just coming down while still pumping her when she practically screamed.
"Eeeeiiiii! I'm cumming!"
Her anus tightened on my cock like I had never felt before, just like a vice. I could not have withdrawn from her if I tried. She was shaking all over and I felt her pussy juices dripping on my balls. When she stopped shaking I slowly withdrew form her and collapsed by her side. She collapsed straight down on her stomach. We both lay there in silence enjoying our shared experience. She had given me her virgin ass and I gave her my ass virgin cock.
"Thank you, Chris. That was an experience I will never forget. You are the most gentle man I have ever met. I love you so much."
"And I love you. I also will never forget this. It was amazing."
After a while we got up and cleaned up ourselves as well as the bed. When we lay back down we held each other in silence
I was thinking about tomorrow and the rest of the week. It had been so wonderful thus far and I knew it could do nothing but get better. Just having Sherrie with me was so uplifting it was hard to explain. It was like my life was starting the first chapter of a brand new book and I could not wait for the next chapter to start.
But that would have to wait until tomorrow.
*****************************************
To be continued.
OlderHormones