*This is my first submission and I hope you all enjoy it!*
We wake up late on a Saturday morning, rolling out of bed and lazily eating breakfast on the couch. The day is hot and bright with the sun pouring over the balcony and I long to spend the afternoon basking in its warmth. You yawn and stretch your arms above your head sleepily. You decide to run some errands around town while I lay out and tan.
You are about to leave, standing in the living room looking for your car keys and you glance in through the bedroom and see my naked back. The light from the window playfully dances across the curves of my body, illuminating each arch and shadowing each line. You watch as I gently slip the silky black panties over my hips, down past my knees, and bend over slightly to step out of them, giving you full view of my round, milky ass and thighs.
I stand for a moment, naked, peering in the dresser drawer, trying to decide what to wear. I settle on my turquoise bikini, the smallest one I own, to get the most of my body exposed to the sun. I slowly slide on the bottoms, adjusting the beaded ties on each side and then bring the top to my chest. The top of the bikini is two small triangles that barely cover my breasts and two string ties. I slip the first set of strings around my ribs but struggle to tie them, my fingers fumbling behind my back.
I feel you slide up behind me and close your hands around my wrists, locking my arms behind my back. Your breath is hot on my neck as you press yourself against me and start kissing my shoulder. You move inch by inch up my neck, hitting all the little spots that turn me on, that you know so well, and find your way to my ear. You take my earlobe between your teeth and give it a gentle nibble. I sigh deeply, pushing my body back against you, feeling your stiffness. I pull my arms trying to free them, wanting to turn around and feel you but you hold them firm and I am even more turned on. My breath quickens.
You shift your grip so that you are holding both my wrists with one hand and you take your free hand and grab my shoulder and push me down, bending me over the bed. I feel your hips against me and I arch my back to press my ass into you, feeling your hard cock. My body shivers with excitement and I feel myself getting hot, my wetness beginning to drip into my bikini.
Keeping my hands pinned behind me, you run your other hand over my back, touching me every so lightly, down, until you reach my ass and slap me once on both cheeks. The abrupt and pleasurable pain makes me inhale sharply, savoring the tingle on my skin. You then reach down, pushing my bikini to the side and run your hands along my wet slit, dripping with anticipation. I moan as your fingers reach my clit, stroking it softly, rubbing the ball of my piercing against it. As you feel my clit harden beneath your fingertips, you slowly bring your hand back and slide a finger into my pussy. It glides so easily, your had soaked in my wetness.
I close my eyes and savor the feeling of your finger inside me, my body wanting more, yearning to feel you deeper. As if you read my thoughts you plunge a second finger in, stretching my tight passage, pushing deeper to find that sweet spot. The second your fingers touch my g spot my body stiffens and my back arches and I am lost deep in pleasure. You quicken the pace as you feel me tighten around your fingers, bucking my hips back desperately against you. My wetness is dripping down your hand, soaking my bikini. Just as I am about to reach my peak, you abruptly pull your fingers out and release my hands. I roll over to see you take one finger in your mouth, curling your lips around it, tasting the wetness of me on you and licking it clean. You bring the other finger that was inside me and place it to my lips and I eagerly do the same. I suck it hard, tasting as much of me on you as I can and you moan watching me work your finger like it is your cock.
You look up to glance at the clock as I reach for the zipper on your jeans and you playfully swat my hands away, telling me that you have to get to the bank before it closes in the early afternoon. I throw myself back against the bed and cross my arms like a petulant child. You chuckle and reach down to pull me back up. You stand behind me and help me tie the strings on my bikini top, running your hands gently against the soft skin of my back. You rub your nose against the back of my neck and gently kiss that sensitive spot between my shoulder blades, telling me that you will be back in no time and that you promise to finish what you started.
My mood softens and my body begins to relax, melting in your gentle touch. I turn around and cupping your face with my hands I kiss you, tasting your lips and then softly placing my toung on yours and pull you into my mouth. I press my lips to you harder, standing on my toes to better reach your mouth and push my body against you, trying to convince you to stay. You place your hands on my shoulders and gently pull me away, telling me to save my energy for later. Go relax on the balcony, you'll be back before I know it. You grab your keys and head out the door.
Having come so close to orgasm but not reached satisfaction, my body is still pulsing with energy. I run both my hands through my hair and stretch my arms overhead, pacing in the bedroom, not sure what to do. I want to wait for you to come home but I am also desperate, my body aching to be touched. You always know how to tease me in the worst way. I sigh heavily and grab a book, my sunglasses, and suntan lotion and walk out onto the narrow balcony.
I sit down in the lounge chair, propping up the back and stretching my legs out in front of me, admiring my smooth skin. I take the bottle of suntan lotion and begin rubbing it over my arms. I sigh softly, enjoying the feeling of my own skin and after I have covered my arms I move to my legs, savoring the soft friction of my hands rubbing my calves and then up to my thighs. I cover my back, twisting my arms for those hard to reach places, happily noticing the yoga I've been doing is paying off in flexibility. Finally, I lay back and dribble the lotion on my chest and stomach, noticing with delight how much it resembles your hot, wet cum running down between my breasts and into my bellybutton. As I rub the lotion in I notice my hard nipples poking through the fabric of my bikini. I lay back, opening my book, trying my best to distract myself by reading.
The words swim on the page before my eyes, which lazily jump from one line to the next, my brain unable to comprehend the language before me. I flip through the pages, barely skimming and fidget in the chair. I have to keep jumping back to previous paragraphs and pages, unable to decipher the chaotic and incomplete mess of words and phrases before me. After a little while, I decide it is futile to continue my attempt to read and instead lower the back of the chair, roll on to my stomach and try to enjoy the feeling of the sun on my back.
The day is warm and the sun is intense and I feel the radiating glow on my back. I shift and the strings of my bikini top tickle the sensitive skin along my spine and neck. I decide that I don't want the lines from the strings on my back and I take a moment to glance around. The chair is low enough that you can't see me laying on the chair from the street and there is a tree to the right of our balcony which blocks most of that side of the building from view. There are only a couple of other apartments to the left which may be able to see me. I pause with my hands on the strings for a second before I shrug, removing the ties, deciding that it was pretty harmless to let my neighbors have a peek of my bare back.
I lay there in a dreamy state, almost half awake and my thoughts continue to drift back to your hands on my body. I can almost feel you pressing behind me, holding my arms, your fingers inside me. I relive the thrill and pleasure, both simultaneously loving and hating the state of arousal you have piqued in me and then abandoned. In my thoughts I both curse and praise you. Soon I feel the sun becoming too intense on my bare back and I want to roll over, but once again I find myself in a predicament. I also want to avoid getting tan lines on my chest.
I glance around the balconies of the building and estimate there are only three or four balconies from which you might see me laying on the chair. I know that one is vacant and another is owned by an older couple who never use it. I bite my bottom lip, thinking about my decision. I have never sunbathed topless in public before. I usually tend to be a little shy when we are out together, even blushing when you just kiss me. You are always telling me I should wear more revealing clothes, like a skirt just a little shorter, or a blouse cut just a little lower and I shrug and laugh it off. I feel a tingly rush of fear and excitement at the thought of bearing my breasts to the open world.
I have become more daring in my aroused state, my senses heightened and reaching for exhilaration. I take another thorough look around before I roll over to reveal my large, perfect round breasts to the sunshine. I lay back admiring them for a moment, glowing in the sun light, my nipples erect with the excitement of doing something just a little naughty.
Suddenly I hear a noise coming from the balcony next door and I sit up quickly, instinctively folding my arms around my chest to cover myself and I can already feel the blood rush to my face in embarrassment. I glance over and see that it is only a cat which has knocked over a flower pot. I sigh and it takes me a minute to relax again and lay back down, but I finally restore a sense of calm.
A light but cooling breeze gently drifts across my body, sweeping against my skin and stroking my already hard nipples. I reach my hands up and cup my breasts and feel my nipples poking against my palm and I begin to massage them. I glide my fingertips in circles around my breasts and finally caress my nipples. They tingle and my pussy responds with equal excitement. I give my nipples a solid pinch and tug and it sends a bolt of electricity down my body that I feel directly in my clit. I know it's wrong and that I shouldn't be touching myself out here, where someone could see me, but I am so aroused that I can't help it anymore.
I grab my nipples and pinch them, pulling and twisting them and I moan with deep pleasure. I can feel myself getting wet all over again as I continue to play with my breasts. Slowly, I start to slide my hand down the soft skin on my stomach, down to the top of my bikini. I hesitate for only a moment before plunging in to rub my clit. It is hard underneath my fingertips and I can feel the wetness dripping out of my pussy. I move my hand and start fingering myself, immediately pushing two fingers in my tight pussy, wishing for your hard cock.
I pump my fingers hard into my pussy pushing a third inside, stretching my tight slit, soaking my hand in my wetness. I find my gspot and try hard to muffle the moans of pleasure as I stroke it, my back arching and my hips reaching upward, grinding against my hand. With my other hand I continue to roughly grab and play with my tits. I am so lost in ecstasy that I haven't noticed you've returned home and now you stand watching me through the screen door.
You stand there watching the sun reflect off my bare chest, my hand buried deep in my bikini, writhing in pleasure on the chair. You feel your cock grow stiff inside your jeans and you rub it, feeling it ache to get out. You are instantly turned on by the sight of me pleasuring myself, oblivious that I am there for your viewing. As you approach the door, preparing to reveal yourself to me, you notice something on a balcony a floor up and a few rows over form ours.
There is a man standing on the balcony, crouched over, watching me intently. It's hard to tell, but it looks like he is jacking himself off while watching me touch myself. At first you are angry that he is there watching me, but then you are turned on by the thought of him wanting me so badly, but being all yours. You decide you want to fulfill a fantasy of your own and walk out onto the balcony to join me.
I am startled by the sound of the door opening and I jerk my hands up to cover my breasts, sitting up, embarrassed. You lean over and start kissing me deeply, pulling my hands away. You put your face to my chest and lick and suck on my nipples. You circle and flick each one with your tongue and finish with a playful bite. I am unable to contain my loud moans of pleasure from feeling your mouth on my body.
You kiss your way down and slip the bikini over my feet and pull my knees wide apart. You moan into my pussy as you lick and suck on my clit, then up and down my wet slit, covering your face in my wetness. You slide your tongue deep into my pussy, tasting my hot juices now running down your chin. I am moaning loudly, grinding my hips onto your face. You want to keep teasing me and push me to the brink, so when you feel me close to orgasm you pull your face away.
You come up and kiss me so that I can taste myself on you. Then you reach your hands down to your zipper and I bite my lip, barely able to contain my anticipation. You unzip your pants and pull out your perfect hard dick and I begin to shift eagerly in the chair, wanting to feel you inside me so badly. You stand in front of me and run your hands through my hair, pulling my mouth toward you. I immediately begin working my tongue up and down on your hard cock, licking from between your balls all the way up to the round tip. You moan as I take you into my mouth, pushing you all the way down my throat, desperate to taste the entire length of you. You take a quick glance up to our neighbor's balcony to make sure that he can see you standing there with me on my knees, sucking your dick. You see him still watching, looking more hot and bothered than ever.
You pull my mouth off of you and direct me to kneel on all fours on the chair so you can take me from behind. I immediately obey, wanting you inside me so desperately. You get behind me and rub your cock along my slit and bend over to whisper in my ear. You tell me not to turn and look too quickly, but that there is a man watching us. My first reaction is to sit up and push you away, but you stay bent over me, your weight on me, keeping me in place. You continue to rub your dick on me, reminding me how badly I want it. You tell me you want him to see you fuck me and you want me to show him how well I take your hard cock.
I suddenly can't believe how aroused I am by this thought. I want him to see just as badly as you do. I want him to see you take me and make me cum hard for you. I nod and giggle a little. Then I push my ass against you, telling you that I can't wait any longer. I need your cock inside me. I beg for you to put it in me now.
You grab my hips and plunge your cock as deep as you can and I nearly scream with pleasure. As you fuck me I can hear your hips slap against my ass and feel your balls swinging against me. You reach around and being to rub my clit. You have done so much to tease me already that soon I am close to orgasm. You feel my pussy tighten around your cock and you quicken your pace, pounding me relentlessly. I let out a cry as I finally cum, squeezing your dick hard, nearly pushing you out of me as my body trembles with sweet release. You pull out, your cock slippery and covered in my wetness.
You tell me to get on my knees and I immediately start to suck your cock again, tasting myself all over you. As I suck on you, taking you deep into my throat, I know he is watching. I want to show him how much I love to have you in my mouth and how much I love to have your cum all over my face. I can hear you moaning in pleasure and you tell me you are getting close. I pull your cock out of my mouth and command you to come all over my pretty little face.
You take your throbbing dick in your hand and pump it hard, shooting your hot load all over my face and into my waiting, open mouth. I lick my lips and then reach my mouth up to suck the last few drops from your cock. I love the warm, salty taste and feel of your cum on me.
We both look up at our neighbor one last time as we turn to head inside and I send him a quick wink and you give him a short wave. He shrugs and laughs nervously a little before returning to his apartment. We both agree we have a new favorite Saturday afternoon activity.