As you know, I sung in the choir in high school and in college. In my last year of high school, this tale happened...
It was a day when our school was hosting the state choral competitions. We already performed. I walked in on a table of eight people playing a not-so-innocent game of Truth or Dare. I had no experience playing it. So, I shrugged and said to myself: "Fuck it."
"Y'all playing Truth or Dare? I'm playing."
I took my seat. At that moment, I instantly thought up of some of the most fucked up dares you can ask, with an evil grin on my face.
"Jasmine, Truth or dare?"
"Truth."
"Goddamn copout. Knew she would pick that." I internally said in my mind.
"Has your pussy been eaten before?"
"No."
"She's lying. I know her boyfriend. They fucked," I said in my mind.
"Jade, truth or dare?"
"Oh, now this might be interesting."
I looked at Jade intently. She sang in the alto section. Jade was friendly and cool but was not my type, though.
"Are you a virgin?"
"Ok, good question."
"Yes."
Then came bass section leader Jordan. I let out an audible chuckle. He was asking one of the sopranos named Destiny. Destiny was hot and drove dudes crazy, but her personality can be ugly at times.
"Truth or dare?"
"Oh, this will be good." I thought.
Destiny pondered. I looked at my watch. I won't have time for mine.
"Truth?" She said, nonassuredly.
"Oh, shit."
"What kind of underwear you got on?"
"Mmm, sexy."
Destiny reluctantly lowered her yoga pants, with all of us watching to show red panties. My penis twitched. I was turned on a bit. Now I wanted to fuck Destiny. Again, it's not that she was unattractive. Her personality was sometimes. About a few minutes later, this dare came along afterwards to Destiny...
"I dare you do a split on a dick."
I looked to the left of me. I looked to the right of me. No male volunteered except...
"I'll do it," I said.
Everybody looked at me incredulously, then shrugged. How bad could it have been? I laid down on the floor and braced for her impact.
"You ready, Chad?" She said.
"Yeah," I said, looking away from my genitals. She seamlessly (and impressively) dropped into a split onto my inner thigh and groin area. I said to myself:
"Damn. Impressive."
"You all right?" Destiny asked me.
"Yeah... God, I listen to way too much rap music," I said, wincing a bit. "None of that is real!"
Destiny laughed.
"But for real, you all right?" She said.
"Yeah. Just gotta walk it out a bit."
"Where does it hurt?" She asked. I pointed at and felt up my groin area.
"Hmm... over here?"
She touched my inner thigh, caressing it, then slowly grazed her soft hands to my sensitive testicles.
"Oh," I reacted. "I got to admit, that split was impressive."
"Was it now? There's more where that came from," Destiny said to me, feeling my testicles, which gradually became hard. "Ooh, he's happy now."
We went to the back of the auditorium, behind the curtains. Destiny dropped down on her knees seamlessly and started to unbuckle my jeans while feeling my rock hard penis.
"Chad, let me ask you something."
I looked at her in her eyes. They were pretty.
"Have you ever pleased a woman?"
"Should I answer that?" I said in my mind, knowing she wanted it.
"Would you like to find out?" I said, tilting my head. I lowered my pants and underwear to reveal my erectness. She started to play with it, with a smile on her face.
"Ooh," She said, opening her mouth and wrapping her full pink lips around it, sucking the head gently. The feeling felt heavenly. She went deeper. I groped on her breasts. She quickly pulled down her yoga pants to show her aforementioned red panties. She began to deepthroat. I caressed her exposed buttocks. I let out a small moan of pleasure. She giggled, as a small trail of saliva left from her mouth to my dick.
"Looks like you're no rookie at this." I said, smiling. I was also being jerked off. She spit on my rock hard erection, which turned me on more.
"You think?" Destiny said back. I wiped off excess saliva from her face and put it on her bottom lip.
"You had something... by the way, you got some sexy lips. Suck my finger for me."
She did, which made that feeling come ever so closer.
"Thanks."
Destiny then slowly took her top off, showing her bra. She had a slim yet buxom figure back then.
"Chad Dupree. Have you ever titty fucked?" She asked me as she took off her bra slowly.
"Nope," I said simply.
"Don't knock it till you try it."
Destiny bent over my dick. Her buxom breasts and saliva were on my dick. Her breasts jumped up and down on my dick. I felt feelings for her that were conflicting. I felt lust. I felt animalistic hunger. I felt like conquering her. As I looked into her eyes, she talked dirty and spit on it again.
"You like that shit? My titties on your dick?" She patted my penis on both of her beautiful nipples.
"Yeah... yeah... suck my dick. Suck it. I'm about to come," I still haven't mastered the art of dirty talk, yet. She resumed sucking. And before long... "I'm coming. I'm coming... OHHHHHH..."
My seed exploded all over her chest and face.
"My bad," I said.
"All better, huh?" Destiny said, licking off some of the seed. I smiled.
Two years later, at a grocery store...
"Can you hurry it up, grandma? Please..." I said in my mind impatiently. She eventually finished the checkout. I quickly did my checkout only to walk outside to see Destiny helping the aforementioned elderly woman.
"Destiny?" I said aloud. I was surprised, because she was firstly, curvier, and secondly, they were related. Now I felt bad for what I thought.
"Hey, Chad? Long time no see," Destiny said.
"Good to see you too, Destiny," I said.
But was it by destiny or chance?