Jenny Devlin pulled up on to the drive of her detached cottage in which she now lived on her own due to a messy divorce 6 months previous. She loved the house she lived in, which was situated in a quaint village in Cheshire, England. She particularly loved her garden and had recently employed a young college boy Jake to help her with the upkeep of it.
Jenny had just finished work for the weekend and was looking forward to entertaining her girlfriends on the Saturday evening. At 48 years old she was still considered a very attractive woman, with her wavy auburn hair and attractive features she had a look of the American actress Susan Sarandon.
Jenny dropped off her laptop and bag in the kitchen and opened her patio doors. She noticed Jake working away at the bottom of her garden clearing away some unwanted weeds. It was a warm June afternoon and Jake was working away in just his shorts and workboots. At 19 years of age Jake had recently finished college for the Summer and was doing various oddjobs for people in the village, earning some money to help fund his trip backpacking through Europe. Jake kept himself fit at the local gym and played rugby most weekends. Jenny was quite enjoying the view of Jake working away, with his dark hair, blue eyes and nicely toned body lightly sweating in the summer afternoon.
Jenny shouted over. "Hi Jake can I get you a cold drink."
Jake stopped working and replied. "Yes please water will be fine Mrs Devlin."
Jenny replied. "I've told you before Jake its ok to call me Jenny."
"Oh yes sorry Jenny." Jake replied.
Jenny carried a large glass of ice water for Jake and a tumbler of gin and tonic for herself and placed them on the table on her patio. Jake stopped work and joined Jenny on the patio.
They spent the next few minutes discussing the garden, all the while Jenny was secretly admiring the muscles on his well toned body. From his broad shoulders to his slim stomach and muscular arms, Jenny found her mind wandering to other things than her garden. Whilst admiring Jakes body she had a thought, she was having a few friends round for drinks on Saturday and had come up with an idea to spice things up. She decided to ask Jake if he would like to earn some extra cash and be a wine waiter for her friends.
"It would be for a couple of hours and there will only be 4 of us."
Jake seemed to be up for it and replied "Yes I think I can manage that."
However Jenny had failed to explain to Jake the full extent of his task and suggested. "I dont know if you would be still interested, but I'd like to spice things up a bit for them and for you to wait on them naked."
Jake was taken aback at first and replied unsurely. "Oh wow, its not something I've ever done before."
Jenny replied. "You've got a great body and you should be proud to show it off, my friends would love it."
Jake hesitated and thought for a moment. "Yes ok then I'll do it."
"Theres only one other thing." Jenny replied slightly nervously. "I would need to see the complete package beforehand."
"What you want to see me undressed now." Jake replied.
"Yes I'd like to see what me and the girls are letting ourselves in for." Jenny beamed "In your own time."
Jake nervously stood up in front of Jenny and thought what the hell he could do with the extra money and he might even get a buzz out of it. Jenny was now all eyes and eagerly waiting to see what Jake had hiding in his shorts.
He slowly undid his belt unzipped his zipper and let his shorts fall to the floor, standing there in just his boxer shorts. Jenny impressively eyed his shorts and could see the outline of his manhood which hung impressively to one side.
"Come on then big boy, show me what you've got." She gasped.
Jake teasingly lowered the waistband of his shorts down, slowly revealing the base of his shaft.
Teasingly, he continued the process of unveiling his manhood. First an inch came into view, then more and more inches as he lowered the briefs. Finally, a good eight inches were in view, pointing straight down and about two inches thick. His uncut cock was a good nine inches and still drooping downward in a less than erect state. His glans peeked out from under the covering foreskin, and a tiny thread of pre-cum stretched from his cockhead to the floor.
Jenny had only really seen her ex husbands cock in the flesh and Jakes was much bigger than his even its flaccid state. He really was a magnificent specimen, from his toned body down to his taught tight buttocks and his very impressive cock.
"My the girls are going to love you Jake." She enthused. "How big does it get."
"I've never really measured it." He responded. "But certainly a few more inches"
"Would you mind showing me." Jenny replied.
"If you like." Jake nervously replied.
Jenny sat back to watch the show as Jakes fingers encircled his cock, slowly pulling back his foreskin to reveal his now swollen glans with a drop of pre-cum oozing out of the tip. He begun to slide his hand up and down the shaft until this magnificent specimen was fully erect, arcing slightly away from Jakes toned stomach. The head of his cock was now fully enlarged and swollen, his balls hung and swayed with Jakes hand motion. He cupped his balls and wrapped his hand around his glans using the precum which was now dribbling out of the end as a lubricant. Jenny was quite shocked to see how much Jakes cock had grown in its erect state, it must have been a good 12 inches.
Jenny eventually mustered up enough courage to motion Jake to come closer upon which she cupped his heavy balls, feeling the weight. She now had his glans inches from her face and marvelled at the specimen. She now ran her finger along the line from his balls to Jakes puckered arsehole stopping to tickle the entrance, whilst wrapping her hand around his shaft, sliding it up to the magnificent head. Jake almost went weak at the knees, having this very attractive mature lady slide her delicate hand up and down his cock. She carried on until Jake was close to exploding, instructing him to sit back on the chair opposite whilst she watched him whilst he brought himself to orgasm.
Jake sat back in the chair, his massive cock standing upright and his balls now tightening up as he brought himself closer to orgasm. Jenny could see his pert bum and arsehole beginning to twitch as he neared orgasm. His hand was now speeding up pausing occasionally to caress the head oh his cock. His breathing gradually increased and Jenny knew he was close, then the first thick rope of semen ejected from his cock and landed inches from her feet. He continued to erupt semen from his cock until he slumped back in the chair spent. Jenny marvelled at what she had just seen and watched as Jake stood up to get dressed his cock still very erect.
"Well Jake I'm pleased to tell you your hired for Saturday." Jenny beamed. "Six o'clock prompt."
"I'll be here." Jake responded as he gathered his things and set off home spent.