Thanks for sticking with me if you've read the first two chapters already. If not, this carries on the story and probably needs the other two parts for this to really make sense.
As per Literotica's rules, all characters in this story are at least 18 years old.
*****
My phone was ringing ... Damn, its him!
I was sitting at my dressing table, just looking out of my bedroom window at the houses opposite that were warmly illuminated in the late afternoon sunshine. It had been a turbulent few days. Emotionally turbulent. Not earth shattering. Nothing that would make headlines or change the course of history. But for me, turning my expectations on their head and showing me things about myself that until recently I had never suspected.
"Hi Andrea? It's Geoff?"
Of course it was the Photo club guy. The one who'd sent me the pictures I'd posed for only a few days ago.
I still wasn't too sure how I felt about those pictures, about my two recent forays into modelling. I think 'very mixed emotions' was the best I could come up with, and I didn't relish dwelling on the subject!
"Er, yeah, hi," I replied, too embarrassed to say much else ...
There was no way I was doing it again. I knew I'd said that before, but what if Mum found out what I'd done? What if other people who knew me found out? I mean, there were already goodness knows how many photos out there of me stripping, naked, and what's worse clearly enjoying it! A slim white brunette with long hair and brown eyes and 34c 'rack', as the guys so eloquently put it. And Geoff owned the rights to those pictures! What a slut! Fuck, it was bad enough having fantasies about stripping, but to actually do it! And to have it recorded? I must have been stupid, or just incredibly horny, or both of course.
But then, I had enjoyed looking through the pictures that Geoff had emailed, and had to admit that I looked pretty good in them, and thankfully Mum hadn't opened the envelope with the glossies. I'd told her it was another college prospectus that I didn't need, to discourage her from wanting to see inside.
Since looking through those photos, taking my small mirror with me into the bathroom I'd managed to neaten up my dark landing strip ... Just for my own peace of mind, of course.
Geoff was speaking again into my ear,
"Got a favour to ask. A friend of mine is an art teacher, and she has a live drawing class last session today but her regular model can't make it ... Any chance you can help her out? She'd be really grateful, which means I'd be really grateful? Please?"
"Well, I don't ..." I began but Geoff cut me off, continuing, " I knew you'd do it; you'll be great, and its no big deal, just turn up, sit quietly for a bit while the students draw you, then go; piece of cake."
Without giving me a chance to really say 'no' he went on giving me directions to a college in another town nearby, one I rarely went through, though I did know where it was. And then he was gone.
Bugger! Fuck! Shit! I hadn't exactly been very forceful, had I? I mean, its not like I turned him down, flat.
Shit!
So now that he was off the phone I did an internet search and found:
Life modelling ... Nudes ... But all very tasteful and proper. And it was an Art class, which meant drawing presumably, no photographs; and by students, so hopefully they'd be so bad that no-one could possibly recognise me from their efforts. Ok, so not too bad, just a matter of being the only one naked in a room full of people all staring at me ... Mmmm, did it get better than that?
No, wait, NOT mmmm, just ok, be professional, get it done, go, and next time JUST SAY NO!!
The problem was, despite deciding never to pose naked again, I knew I liked it. No, rephrase that, I loved it. It made me feel so alive, so aware of my body, so connected to the lustful horny men openly ogling my nakedness. Yes, I loved it. The two sessions I'd done so far, both for amateur camera clubs, had felt utterly amazing, and yes, I wanted that experience again. And I think Geoff knew it.
I only had an hour to get ready, and took a quick look through the photo sets Geoff had sent me to get myself 'in the mood'. Noticing the marks on my skin from tight underwear that showed in the pictures, the first thing was to remove all underwear and put on a not-too-tight mid thigh button-front dress with nothing beneath. Damn, but I was already feeling sexy!
Since Mum wasn't using it, I took the car and drove out there, following Geoff's directions to the college once I got to the town. It was actually quite easy to find. But driving around without underwear on, knowing you're about to get naked in front of a room full of people ... Well its difficult not to get at least a little turned on!
Walking from the parked car to the building I felt the light breeze ruffling my skirt and blowing a draft of cool air between my legs ... Girls, if you've never tried it you're missing out!
But I was running a little late, and I had to hurry down the halls to find the right room ... Ah, here we are.
Opening the door, I realised that I was even later than I'd feared, and the room was already full of easels and people of various ages, from teens to pensioners, everyone busily sorting paper and other things.
"Hello, can I help you?" asked a nice trim looking lady in perhaps her mid thirties. Pretty with scruffy blonde hair stuffed into a ponytail and no make-up, she wore jeans and a loose button front blue shirt.
"Er, hi ... I'm Andrea? Geoff asked me to stand in?"
"Oh, Andrea! Wow!" adding the second bit after looking me over, which brought a flush of pleasure and a little heat to my cheeks. "I'm Alice ... Um look, we really need to get started ... If you could just get ready?"
Despite her initial positive reaction, she seemed slightly disappointed as she took in my loose dress, but I smiled reassuringly and walked across to the small raised stage, which had what looked like a solid box elegantly draped in a white cloth, presumably for posing on.
With my back to the class, I quickly undid the buttons of my dress and let it fall from my shoulders, then turned to face my audience, completely naked, my bare ass perched against the cold box with my hands beside me on its cloth-covered surface, feet together.
There was a kind of eerie silence, like when you say something too loud in a crowded room just as everyone else pauses. Looking up I saw shock on the students' faces. Swallowing hard, I wondered what was wrong.
Following the eyes of the students I too looked to Alice.
"Er dear, its a LIVE class, with an actual model, not a LIFE class with a nude one! You're supposed to be clothed!"
Oh FUCK!!
The class burst out laughing, making me cringe in embarrassment and humiliation. Instinctively I wrapped an arm over my nipples and the other hand over my neatly trimmed bush.
But even as I sat there mortified, half hoping for that proverbial hole in the ground to open up and swallow me ... er ... half-hoping?? the laughter and pointing did something strange to me. It was quite different from when I exposed myself for the camera club with their leering enthusiasm, but this time the humiliation itself, the 'getting it wrong' was also turning up the heat in my belly and making me glow, my nipples puckering to hard points.
Oh even bigger FUCK! FUCK! FUCK! Was I a humiliation slut as well as an exhibitionist? The embarrassing admission just made me hotter. FUCK!
Then a thought occurred to me ... Did Geoff mean for me to misunderstand?
I didn't have time to think it through; Alice was still talking as I just stood there naked, immobilised by surprise and indecision, my hands still over my tits and pussy in front of the class
"But since you're already naked, and prepared to pose like that ..." and then she addressed the class.
"Now everyone, we weren't going to have a life model in this class, no nude drawings, but since we've got her, and a rather delightful model too, we might as well make the most of her," and Alice grinned at me, a little mischievously, I thought!
Alice continued, "Now remember that this is an Art class, not a peep show, and certainly not pornography!" And here she looked some of the teenage boys in the eye, much to their discomfort, I noted. However I also noticed that most of the older men were staring at me hungrily! The dirty old pervs, I thought approvingly!
The women in the room were harder to read, in a way, but I could persuade myself it was a mix of jealousy, judgement, and acceptance.
Still covering myself I waited while Alice gave her class a new set of instructions. Apparently drawing the nude body is subtly different from drawing a clothed body, though I couldn't understand why; something to do with not concentrating on the genitalia and primary sexual features and hence distorting the balance ... I tuned out, then was brought abruptly back as Alice told me how she wanted me to pose, which was more or less as I'd started.
"No pornography or gynaecology, please, so knees together, hands by your sides on the mount, let the light fall on your breasts ... Yes like that, so that your nipples cast a slight shadow ... Nice ... Chin up ... There!"
And with a triumphant smile she withdrew to the side so that the class could see me again in all my glorious nakedness.
A sudden flush rushed through my already sensitive body, as well as that feeling of vitality that had brought me back for more.
Unlike for the Camera Clubs, I had to stay still and just hold this position, but it was equally arousing as I let my eyes scan the room, seeing so many people just staring at my nude body. And there were no cameras for them to hide behind, so I got to see the look in their eyes ... Concentration, some smirking and giggles from the boys who were clearly focusing on my tits and pubes, also appreciation, and in some cases delicious lust.
The weirdest thing was the way that only Alice seemed to look me in the eye ... As if eye contact was too personal, perhaps too human; I was only an object to draw, after all.
My musing was interrupted part way into class when a man came in, announcing quietly to Alice. "We had agreed to let my class ... " suddenly he stopped as he saw me. " Oh my!"
"I know, sorry about this," said Alice, "yes she is supposed to have clothes on, but Geoff arranged for her to stand in for Cynthia, and she just, well, decided to pose naked for us ... Do you think your class might be offended?"
"Well no, probably not, but we weren't meant to be observing a nude drawing class. I haven't prepared them, and when you explained to them the other day what to expect to see in an Art Live Drawing class, it wasn't this." He sounded more confused and distracted than angry or excited, and I felt a little cross and offended that he could be disappointed at having a naked 'me' available. What could be a nicer surprise?
They carried on talking, noting that this was the only chance his class were going to get to record an Art class in progress and still complete their assignment on time.
"I could ask her to cover up, but then it'll completely disrupt my class ... The pose and light will change, we'll lose everything my students have already accomplished today just for the sake of your class?"
"You can't do that on my account, its already a big ask to allow my photographers in here .."
He paused to give it some final thought, but in my head I was shouting, Photographers?!
Not again, not so soon? I was only doing this as a favour because there were NO photographers. It was a drawing class, for goodness sake. While I had my eyes down trying to understand my feelings I was interrupted by the sudden bustling activity. All at once they were in, the teachers giving guidance about not getting in the way of the Artists or concentrating on the model, but recording the work of the students.
The photography tutor, it seemed his name was Mr Philips, had taken his group aside, about ten of them, again of mixed age like the Drawing Class, and while he was explaining things their attention kept wandering back to me rather than their Tutor. He looked very professional, mid weight and height and fit looking, probably mid thirties I guessed, with dark blond hair.
He was telling them,
"... we aren't allowed to let you photograph nude models ... " and while I felt that confusing mix of relief and disappointment, it was clearly deep disappointment I could see in the group's faces.
Mr Philips continued, "... so any pictures that show the model as naked can't be used in the exhibition ."
And suddenly I got it. I'd been set up. There were no coincidences here. Somehow Geoff had orchestrated the whole thing. I didn't know whether to be delighted at the thrill or angry at being so easily manipulated. But maybe I liked being manipulated? And it gave me an excuse that it wasn't all my fault? I could pretend to myself that I'm not a total exhibitionist submissive humiliation slut! Actually, I rather liked the sound of that!
Not surprisingly soon most pictures were being taken with me clearly in shot, from the front, of course! Some of it was at least half-legitimate, a photographer capturing the student's drawing with the subject, me, the other side of the easel. Other photographers seemed to be taking requests from some of the students and were blatantly capturing my nude body, even concentrating on my genitalia and primary sexual features. It was in danger of turning into a porn shoot.
The teachers were discussing what to do with their classes' work, and were too distracted to do anything about it.
" So we'll mount the exhibition of both classes side by side ..."
Exhibition?
This was just getting worse and worse, but I could feel the now familiar stirrings inside my tummy at the attention, the desire among the students, and the thrilling excitement of my nakedness being exhibited, of being on display.
Just then Alice seemed to have another brilliant idea ... Body paint! She was giving a course next term and needed advertising material and willing models, apparently, and it seemed that younger attractive female nude models were in short supply. And Mr Philips unsurprisingly volunteered one of his photo classes to record the transformation, while Alice seemed to assume I'd be up for it. Again I felt conflicted between excitement and fear, dread.
But that was all for another day.
I could now hear Alice on the phone to Geoff, thanking him for arranging 'this model', adding that Mark's class seemed to appreciate 'the girl's' talents ... "yes, she just stripped naked with no warning, so we simply went with it ... yes, that's right, her boobs and pubes in full view of everyone right from the start, not exactly a hardship for us to look at, ha ha ..."
It was weird hearing myself discussed like this. While a little humiliated at being discussed as a 'thing' I was also predictably turned on, and wished I could hear more.
And then the class was wrapping up. Alice thanked me with a brilliant smile and gave instructions to her class for storing their drawings ready for finishing off, and Mark was trying to corral his photographers.
I turned to pick up my dress and heard a polite 'ahem' behind me. Turning, I saw a pretty young dark-haired woman dressed casually in jeans and t shirt. She was holding her mobile phone in front of her, and asked, "would you mind if we, er, a quick selfie?"
At first I didn't know what she wanted, but then suddenly understood she wanted us side by side before I put my dress back on.
By now I figured I had nothing to lose, so just smiled at her and relaxed, letting the dress hang uselessly from my right hand. The girl quickly scooted to my left side and took the picture, showing me a nice photo of the two of us smiling into her camera, my naked boobs clearly showing.
And that started a flood of requests which I obliged, although they quickly became full body photos of a naked me with each student, the pictures taken by the next in line. It was different, but still exciting and arousing in a subdued way. Not so much sexual as nudist, exhibitionist. But it's very satisfying to be wanted, and there's something almost intoxicating in being the only one naked.
Alice and Mark soon took charge again, stopping the show and getting cleared away, though I did do a final pair of 'selfies' between the two tutors, taken by one of Mark's students on both Mark's and then Alice's phones.
Finally, when I was dressed again, Alice walked me to my car.
"I have a special Art class that you'll be perfect for my dear ... I'll be in touch. What's your number? And email?" Stupidly, I just gave them. In return she pressed an envelope into my hand. "Cynthia's usual fee ... I hope that's ok?"
On the drive home, naked under the dress, my mind was awhirl with the usual mixture of arousal, excitement, pride, guilt and worry.
Once home, I said a quick passing 'hello' to Mum and went straight up to the shower, quickly stripping out of the dress in my bedroom and padding naked up the landing to the bathroom. I wanted to try that as a new routine, to be naked at home at least for a little bit?
Once the hot water was cascading over my body I started caressing my sensitive skin, using shower cream to lubricate my hands, and was soon masturbating, fingers stroking my hot folds at the top of my thighs, other hand pulling and twisting engorged nipples as I replayed in my mind all the attention my nudity had rewarded me with. After a succession of delicious rippling gentle cums, I dried myself and in just a wrap around towel went down to Mum. How much should I tell her?
Just then the door bell went.
"That'll be your cousin Sarah ... Your Aunt Jane asked if she could stay for a few days, so I said she could share with you ... You don't mind?"
It was more a statement than a question, though I detected a hint of uncertainty. Mum knew we didn't get on, but as usual she was hoping that this time we might be at least friendly with each other.
That threw any chance I might have had of talking with Mum. It also threw me into a sudden panic! Sarah might be only a year younger than me but we had nothing in common. Where I'm dark haired, she's fair, I'm 34c, she's more 32b and shorter than me, so we couldn't share clothes, which was a pity because she had good taste and a generous allowance. We didn't seem to share any interests although neither of us had a boyfriend at the moment. Come to think of it, I didn't remember her ever having a boyfriend; but she was doing well in school.
So here I was in just a towel and she'll be dressed perfectly with not a hair out of place! Great!
Then another panic hit me. How was I going to get any privacy or get back to Alice or Geoff? Even if I wanted to?
"I'll just go get dressed, Mum," I said quickly, and hurried back upstairs.
Well this seemed to be deciding things for me. I'd have to put a stop to this naked posing. No more. I'll turn Geoff down if he asks, and Alice. Yes. I wouldn't get any privacy since we were to share my room, and there was no way I could stop Sarah using my computer, Mum would get too suspicious of what I could possibly have to hide.
So while supposedly getting dressed, I threw off the towel just for the thrill of being naked again, and password protected the file where I saved the pictures Geoff sent, and then hid the glossies under a loose corner of the bedroom carpet and put a chair on it. And of course I'd only use my phone for email! Brilliant!
Quickly throwing on clean underwear, green t shirt and black leggings, I returned downstairs just after Aunt Jane had gone.
"Hi Sarah!" I greeted my cousin, trying to look pleased.
"Oh, hi Andi," the younger girl replied somewhat unenthusiastically, her fair hair elegantly gathered on top of her head, thin frame in designer stretch jeans and blue baggy cotton sweater. She looked stunning. This 'vacation' was going to suck.
We spent the next half hour getting Sarah settled in. Mum got me to drag the spare mattress into my room which I put on the floor between my bed and computer since Mum insisted I give up my bed for my guest. Except she was no guest of mine, and with bad grace took my bedclothes off the bed and made up the mattress before getting clean things for precious Sarah. That done, I couldn't wait to get some space so went down to the sitting room while Sarah unpacked.
Settling into the squishy armchair I checked my phone, and saw an email from Geoff. What new trouble did he want to get me into, I wondered?
Hm, could I model on Saturday, tomorrow? It seemed Geoff's club wanted to take advantage of the good weather forecast and do an outdoor shoot in the morning and needed a model, all very decent because it was outdoors, so don't worry!
Full of new resolve, I replied, "Sorry, no."
There! I did it! I said 'no'! I felt so proud of myself, like a druggie turning down a fix. I was so relieved. Now I was safe: no more photoshoots, computer clean, in the clear.
Mum came in just then having put dinner in the oven, and we spent a pleasant hour or so just being family.
By the time we all sat down to dinner, Sarah was actually being friendly and the three of us had quite a nice time simply chatting and catching up on family gossip.
Which was when Sarah said she knew some gossip about emails.
"I love getting them," she said, including Mum and me as if she was about to let us in on some deliciously dark family secret. "But if you don't password protect them you're asking for trouble!"
"I'm guessing someone didn't?" replied Mum.
"You're so right! I came across an interesting one today from a man called Geoff."
Surely it was too much of a coincidence? A sick horror filled my stomach, and I quickly changed the subject. But for the rest of the meal, although Sarah seemed cheerful and pleasant I thought I detected a smugness that didn't look good for me. My appetite had shrunk out of sight.
I had to wait through the after-dinner tidy and dishwasher-stack before getting Sarah alone up in my room.
She went straight over to my computer and opened 'Those Photos'.
Speechless, I felt tears smart my eyes as Sarah scrolled through photo after photo of me, naked, posing pornographically for Geoff's camera club, and possibly worse, naked in the pub afterwards. She opened them in order, each picture progressively worse, not saying a word. She kept looking from the screen to me and back, rubbing in that she knew my dirty secret. I could feel my colour rising from my neck to my hairline, and in my embarrassment my nipples tingled and the heat grew between my thighs. I thought I might pee myself.
"Andrea you are such a slut," and she drew out the word 'slut', "posing for Geoff, for photos like these. And they weren't hard to find."
"But I password protected the file where they're saved!"
"But you didn't delete the email where Geoff sent them!"
"But my emails are on my phone!"
"And on your computer, they go there too, didn't you realise? And your email on your computer is always open, and I was curious about who this Geoff is that you were talking to, since you got an email alert from him while I was using it this afternoon. Now him I'd love to meet!"
While cringing in shame and humiliation, I noticed that Sarah hadn't said anything about telling Mum, and I hoped for a moment that she'd just let it go.
"My brothers would kill to see these photos ..."
Oh SHIT! Blackmail ... here it comes.
But then she surprised me, " ... unless you let me watch you at your next photoshoot. Otherwise I send the pictures to my brothers. You'll also let me have total access to all your emails sent and received, and all files, or I send the pictures to my brothers."
"But I'm not doing it anymore!"
"Oh yes you are, or the pictures go to the boys! You'll accept that assignment you got offered next! The one tomorrow."
I didn't know what to say. I'd already said 'no'. On the other hand, I seemed to be getting off light. I tried another protest.
"But I've already said 'no'?"
"That's ok, I saw that and sent another straight after, look."
Sarah called up a sent email on my account. Sure enough 'I' had told Geoff that actually I might be able to do it after all, I'd get back to him tonight.
Shit!
"And here's the next one you're sending."
Sarah opened a draft email.
'Hi Geoff. Good news, I can do Saturday after all. My cousin Sarah is coming too just to see what goes on, hope that's ok. What time Saturday, where, and what kind of outfits?'
Sarah's finger hovered over the SEND, and she looked at me with eyebrow raised.
Sighing, I nodded.
"No, Andrea, you say, 'Yes please Sarah, send the email, and you may have total access to all my emails, sent and received'."
Taking a breath, I repeated her words, "Yes please Sarah, send the mail, and you may have total access to all my emails, sent and received."
"Well done, Andrea, very responsive. Now, you will also accept that I am in charge of you, that you will do what I tell you. Understand?"
"No, Sarah, you can't .."
"Oh but I can, Andrea, or my brothers get the photos! You will now say, 'Yes, Sarah, I will do what you tell me from now on'."
She looked at me, expectantly. I glared back, but could feel my defiance melt away. I knew she'd carry out the threat, and even as I watched she started drafting an email to her three brothers, putting them all in the 'To' field. She then started attaching some photos, a sequence that had me stripping out of my bikini. I watched horrified but enthralled, and a part of me wanted her to send them. But I couldn't go through with that, I wasn't ready. Ready? Shit, I was confused!
"Ok, stop! Yes, Sarah, I will do whatever you tell me from now on."
"Good girl! Or should I say good slut? Andrea, you will say, 'My name is Andrea and I'm a slut'."
Sighing, I repeated, "My name is Andrea and I'm a slut."
Sarah grinned, clearly enjoying this. "Now say, 'I'm Andrea, Sarah's obedient slut'."
Again I repeated, "I'm Andrea, Sarah's obedient slut."
"Oh, I have a better idea, hang on," and Sarah took her mobile phone from her pocket, holding it up towards me. "I'm going to video you saying it ... go on!"
Looking into the phone, I obediently stated, "I'm Andrea, Sarah's obedient slut."
"Good slut. I think I'll call you, Asos, 'Andrea, Sarah's obedient slut'. Ha ha, that sounds like 'ass-os', which is funny cos your ass is mine, slut!"
I just stood there and took it, not having much choice, but my nipples were tingling and I was burning between my thighs.
"Ok, now say, 'my name is Andrea Kay, I'm 18 years old, and I'm such a dirty slut I posed naked for a camera club full of horny guys'."
Fuck, this was getting worse. What would she do with this video evidence? More blackmail?
At my hesitation Sarah turned back to her email draft, eyebrows raised questioningly toward me.
Sighing I repeated back, "hi, I'm Miss Andrea Kay, 18, and I'm a dirty slut who posed for naked photographs with a camera club of horny men." I told myself I just had to hide from her how much this was turning me on.
Sarah nodded and grinned, then looked at me a bit funny. "I'm sure I've heard about this ..." and turning again to my computer she opened the browser and searched for 'Domme' without even going private!
"Sarah, you're not hiding the search!" I exclaimed.
"No," she replied, "You're not hiding the search ... its your computer!" and she laughed.
She made me stand over her shoulder and look too as she scrolled through the images, soon refining her search to 'Femdom'.
It wasn't long before she commented, "Slut, you should be kneeling next to me, hands on your head!" and of course I obeyed as I'd promised.
After looking and reading a bit more she again looked at me funny, and asked, "Do you like this? Are you a," and she turned back to read the screen, "a submissive?"
"Of course not, Sarah!" I replied, afraid of where this was leading.
"I'm not so sure," she replied, "you're obeying very easily. Stand up, slut, pull your leggings and knickers down ... lets see if you're even a little bit moist?"
I didn't really have a choice. I stood and dropping my hands off my head rolled down my leggings and knickers as ordered. Sarah's hand went straight between my thighs.
"Knees apart, slut," which I did. "Ha ha you're more than just moist! My perfect older cousin Andrea is a submissive slut! This is priceless! And put your hands back on your head."
Sarah's fingers slowly stroked forwards and backwards over my slick outer folds, spreading the seeping dampness, while I stood there naked from tummy button to mid thigh. My hands were obediently and submissively on my head, and I was allowing my younger cousin to finger my exposed pussy which had already been wet but which now was gently leaking in a continuous sticky flow.
Sarah held her phone up again; "Tell me that you are a submissive slut, Ass-os."
Groaning, hands on head, I replied for her video, "I'm a submissive slut, Sarah."
She laughed, adding, "We need to get you a collar and leash, it seems," gesturing to some of the pictures her searches had produced.
Just then, an email alert came in. Geoff. While our attention went back to the computer, Sarah continued to massage me, a finger slipping between my folds every second or third pass, and I kept my hands on my head and tried not to whimper in pleasure.
'Hey Andrea. Can you manage 8am, at the West entrance to Riley Woods, the car park? The light is good at that time. Wear your smallest shorts and a t shirt, nothing underneath, and sandals. Hair in a ponytail. Light makeup. We don't want panty or bra lines please. We should finish about midday. Let me know if this is ok.
Geoff'
It was so weird reading an email from Geoff while being masturbated by my cousin Sarah, but the weirdness made it hotter, and I finally parted my knees a bit more to give better access. Her left hand was between my thighs, thumb uppermost and pressing gently at the top of my slit, fingers flat against each other with her first finger now steadily sliding back and forwards between my outer lips. I rocked my hips slowly in time with her, my breath reduced to short gasps, and I watched her type a one handed reply,
'No problem, see you there, A'
Once that was sent she turned back to me, asking in a perfectly normal way as if I wasn't panting, breasts heaving, jaw working, nostrils flaring, hips grinding my pussy against her hand, "I assume you have some suitable slutty shorts, Ass-os?"
"Sarah," I managed to stammer as I felt my orgasm rising.
She looked closely at my face, judging the moment, and abruptly stopped.
"Nooo!" I cried, and she flashed a triumphant grin.
"Get out all your smallest, most revealing shorts and thinnest tightest t shirts, Ass-os."
Much later, after going downstairs to say goodnight to Mum, who was clearly relieved that we now seemed to be getting on better, we returned to get ready for bed. Of course, Sarah had first use of the bathroom, coming back looking clean, fresh and pretty in her white and blue floral pjs. When I grabbed mine, she gave a stern, "No! As my submissive obedient slut, you sleep naked! So strip, go use the bathroom, and when you come back kneel at the foot of my bed, hands on your head."
Doing as she said was no hardship, especially since I wanted to be naked in my bedroom, and between there and the bathroom. And having someone to see me just made it more rewarding, especially as I was still frustrated from my denied orgasm of earlier. It wasn't the same doing myself in the bathroom, so I stopped after a trial stroke or two.
On my return she was already sitting up in my bed, the duvet over her raised knees. Obediently I knelt on the floor facing her, naked with my hands on my head. I was loving the interaction.
"Slut, when its just us, you'll refer to yourself as 'Sarah's slut' like its your name, and you call me 'Princess', which is what my name means anyway. Now, ask my permission to go to bed."
Slightly amused, I said, "Sarah's slut asks permission to go to bed, my Princess."
"Ooh, MY Princess! I that's good, slut. You like this, don't you?" she grinned, enjoying herself too.
"Yes, my Princess, Sarah's slut is enjoying it so far."
"Ok, slut, go to bed. And don't masturbate! If you please me I might give you an orgasm tomorrow. In the morning I expect a cup of coffee brought to me by my naked slut. If we're going to be at the woods for 8, when do we need to leave?"
I got into my bed, the mattress on the floor, and we worked out when we needed to be up in order to be showered and breakfasted in time. It was funny, but despite the weirdness of our new relationship, or maybe because of it, we were actually getting on more like friends than we ever had before. And with that happy thought, I drifted off to sleep, hands between my knees but nowhere near my still warm pussy.
The morning dawned bright, clear and dry, though a little chilly. I rose first, as required, and after using the bathroom got Sarah's permission to put on a dressing gown to go downstairs and make her coffee. By the time we were having breakfast, both showered, hair washed, and dressed for the outing though I had a long baggy grey cardigan over my shorts and t shirt, Mum came downstairs and asked why we were up so early.
"Oh, I wanted to go out for a morning walk, and Assos wanted to come too, didn't you?" Sarah said it lightly, and of course I just nodded, smiling as if that was exactly what was going on. Sarah looked the part in her clean jeans, tailored blue shirt and sensible shoes.
"Assos?" asked Mum.
Sarah replied, "It's a form of 'Andrea', kind of like my special name for her?" and she looked at me to back her up.
"Don't you mind it, Andrea?" Mum asked, and I answered without hesitation, "I like it, Mum, it sort of fits me?" looking back at Sarah for her approval, pleased to get her gentle nod.
"Oh well, at least you girls are getting on better. Its nice that you're going out together. Will you be back for lunch? I was thinking of having lunch out. Would you like to come too?"
"That sounds great, Mum. I reckon we'll be back by midday?" again looking to Sarah for her agreement.
"Yeah, we should be back by then. But Assos can always text you if we're gonna be late," Sarah added.
The three of us had a pleasant few minutes together before Sarah and I had to go and catch a bus from around the corner that dropped us right at the West car park to the popular Riley Woods.
As soon as we got through the Entrance we could see the little group of club members. I counted 16 of them including Geoff himself, and as soon as we reached them I introduced Sarah to Geoff, middle height, nice looking and mid thirties, tidy short brown hair, in long sleeved shirt and jeans. She held out her hand to shake but he gallantly stooped and kissed it, which made her smile and even give a little nod of approval. She was taking to this Domme thing far too easily!
"Show Geoff your outfit, Assos," she commanded, and he raised his eyebrow in unspoken question at her tone. I opened the long loose grey cardigan to show him the cut-off denim shorts that had once been low slung jeans and the old faded thin red t shirt that stretched tight across my chest and stopped a few centimetres above my tummy button which was nicely framed above and below.
"Ha ha, that should raise the temperature this morning!" he commented, and turned to his group to start organising things.
Sarah had savaged the old jeans last night using my sewing shears to remove the legs and fray the edges until they were barely more than minimal briefs, showing a good portion of my ass cheeks at the back. At the moment that view was still covered by the cardigan which I again wrapped round myself until we were on-set.
With Sarah and me tagging along at the back, we all trooped off along one of the well trodden paths for a minute or two before Geoff led us away to the left for a hundred metres or so, to a small secluded glade dappled in the green filtered rays of a fairly low sun. It was very pretty with grass, ferns, fallen boughs and lush vegetation; quite suitable.
Turning to Sarah, Geoff asked, "Did you want to be in the photographs, too? You have the look, and your fair slenderness would make a lovely contrast with Andrea's dark beauty."
Sarah hesitated, complicated machinations clearly tumbling through her imagination, then went off with Geoff away from everyone else, the two of them deep in private conversation.
After a moment Geoff returned to take charge.
"Ok, so Andrea, I thought we'd start with you leaning against various trees or fallen boughs looking natural. Don't smile, just relax your face and feel inwardly happy, at peace with yourself and the woodland. Ok? Right everyone, lets get ready. Do your light meter readings now, and we'll re-do them again in about fifteen minutes, ok? Andrea, would you stand over there so we can all check the light on you?"
Obediently I went and stood next to a grand old tree with gnarled bark, full of character. It felt like its great age contrasted with my youth and smooth skin, but maybe I was trying to be too artistic and I felt a little foolish and pretentious. Despite that, I decided to go for a look of young blank innocence, a page as yet unwritten in the book of life. Listen to me, I thought, amused at myself.
And so we started. This was my first attempt at real modelling. The other experiences had just been exhibitionism in front of a camera, or lots of cameras, but this felt rewarding in a different way. It was fun, and I happily went along with all the requests of the group, leaning back with my arms behind me, or over my head, turning this and that, feet together, feet apart, knee bent with foot against the trunk. I was pretty sure that the cool air pinching my nipples was making them stick out against the thin top that Sarah had approved, but it felt just natural, not naughty. Geoff and Sarah had soon become absorbed again in their own discussion. What on earth could they have to talk about?
It wasn't long before it was time for the first break and more light readings, and Sarah returned to stand as close to me as she could without getting in the pictures. Once we started again I could tell that she was more than just fascinated; she needed to be a part of what was going on.
"Turn round so your facing the tree, your head to the left, hands above your head caressing the bark," she instructed. I glanced at Geoff for his agreement, but it seemed he was comfortable with Sarah giving directions, and the club members just let her take the lead.
I turned, and heard the murmurs of approval at how much bare ass I was showing.
"Keep your hands there, but move your feet back, leaning forward a little ... yes, like that ... feet apart. Good girl."
She soon had me leaning right over, legs apart but straight and body horizontal, the t shirt too tight to reveal anything as it gaped at the hem. The group didn't mind the view of my bum, though.
"Move over to that log there, the fallen trunk." I moved to where she indicated, to a big log about half a metre across lying on the soft earth.
"Sit on it, knees together, hands either side." I did, though the bark was a bit prickly against my bare bum. "Now throw your right leg over the trunk so your sitting astride it. Yes, that's right, leaning on your hands in front of you. Look up. Nice. Now lie back, hands falling either side of you." This position seemed to point my pubic mound towards the sky, and I wondered if they could see anything up the leg holes of my tiny frayed denims. "Now hands above your head. Perfect!"
I felt very exposed like this, as if my whole body was pointing to my pussy which I guessed was what Sarah wanted, and yet I knew she wasn't satisfied. She needed to go further but fortunately was only beginning to find her way; this was a whole new experience for her.
But at that point Geoff wrapped up the session, and everyone relaxed, getting out thermos flasks and snacks. One guy offered his hand to help me sit up, and another gave me a coffee. Inside I felt relaxed, happy that I'd come through without disgracing myself as a model or as a person, and started looking forward to lunch with Mum. Sipping my coffee I looked around, seeing the guys gathering in small groups, comparing the shots they'd got, talking photo technical jargon and generally enjoying themselves. Beyond the sound of the group chatter I could hear walkers having their own conversations not so far away, though I couldn't see anyone. I was left alone, which was fine, and even Sarah abandoned me to chat with her new friend, Geoff.
I expected everyone to start packing up, but I was wrong. Geoff called everyone to listen, and then Sarah asked fairly quietly but with confidence if anyone was interested in a second session.
There was a moments quiet while the guys thought about it, and Sarah added,
"Its still early, and Andrea is available for a bit longer. She's ready to try some more adventurous pictures."
Again there was a pause while all pairs of eyes swivelled my way for a moment until someone asked, "How adventurous?" while I sat there in silence, knowing what might be expected especially after the blatant posing I'd done for them last time. Did I mind? Not really. I was sort of resigned now to keeping this nude posing thing going since Sarah was so fascinated by it. It was a bit scary knowing that we were in a public place even if secluded. But we could be discovered at any time, and yes, that made it a bit more exciting.
Sarah, with a knowing glance at Geoff, answered, "Andrea could get very adventurous, if the club will help cover expenses ... " and she left that suggestion hanging in the air.
Geoff responded on behalf of the club, suggesting, "How about, guys, we pay an extra £10 each to cover the model's costs. Sarah that's your fee; the more guys stay, the more you get," and he looked round the group to see how they took to his idea. There were lots of nods and quiet 'ok's, and Geoff continued, "Anyone not wanting to stay you have, lets say, five minutes to pack up?" It seemed fair, and no-one complained, so I guessed I'd been volunteered to keep going. Thanks, Sarah, I thought. She hadn't even consulted me. Nor had Geoff.
That being decided, Sarah sidled over to me and explained that she'd negotiated a fee for me this time.
"Don't thank me!" she added, seeing my lack of enthusiasm. "All fees will be split 3 ways: one third to me as agent for negotiating, one third to you as model, one third for us to use for expenses like clothing, props, travel if we can't get the punters to pay for those."
"But Sarah, you make it sound like we're doing this again, like we're in business?"
"Oh, but we are, my favourite slut, and from now on we're not giving away your goodies for nothing. You're so naïve for a slut! But don't worry, now that I'm managing things we'll make some money. Oh, and don't forget who you are and what you are. Let me hear you say it."
"I'm your obedient submissive slut, my Princess," I answered quietly so that no-one else might hear. Sarah smiled, patted me on the head, and suggested I get myself ready.
Getting up from the log I gave my coffee cup back to its owner, smiling my thanks, and returned to the big old tree. The guys were all getting cameras ready again, starting light meter readings, and I couldn't see that anyone had left. Geoff was going round with a camera bag collecting £10 notes. Once everyone seemed ready, he called the session and we were back in business, literally in business since I was now a Professional Model with a Manager.
It made my heart race knowing that, like there was now some transformation. It was no longer me doing them a favour, helping them out. I was now their employed model, and I had to give them their money's worth, I had to do a good job. Taking a steadying breath, I leaned back against the big tree again, ready to begin.
"Ok," Sarah began, "we'll start with similar poses to before, but first I want you to slowly undo your shorts. Nice and slow so the guys can capture it."
My hands went to the button on my waistband and popped it, but my eyes were on Sarah. She was staring at me, alternating between my eyes and my hands, and her own eyes were bright with excitement. She was loving this, excited by it, probably turned on by it, and catching her mood I felt myself responding, doing it now for her. Using the tips of my fingers I dragged the zipper down, centimetre by centimetre, seeing the approval in her face. Once lowered fully, I peeled the top flaps of the shorts aside so that a hint of my dark bush would show.
"Put your hand inside," she commanded, her voice husky, and I obeyed, my fingers wrapping under the curve of my body to cup my rapidly heating sex, pressing it, rubbing it in gentle movements, loving myself for Sarah, my Princess.
"Left hand to your breast." Up it went, pinching and pulling the nipple through the thin red top. "Under the top." Skin to skin I repeated the teasing, my top now riding up to uncover my tummy and the lower slope of my left breast. "Show me, show everyone." I pulled the top up and out of the way, my left tit uncovered, and twisted the nipple without covering it, so everyone could see. The photographers were recording everything but this wasn't about them anymore. It was between me and Sarah.
"Take your top off," she commanded. Crossing my hands over I grasped the hem and peeled the red t shirt up to my neck, then over my head, then off and let it hang from my right hand.
She then had me lean back against the tree again, hands behind me but this time topless, then again leaning against the tree, bare boobs now hanging down. I held this position for a while so that everyone could find a new angle to get the pictures they wanted.
"Now back to the log," she told me, and again I sat with hands either side, but this time knees wide apart, the sides of my pussy probably visible up the legs of the cut off shorts. Sarah was loving it, which made me proud, happy and excited.
"Legs either side like before ... And lie back." I did, taking my time, boobs nicely exposed before I was lying back, again my pussy emphasised and pointing skywards.
"Now, inch the shorts down as far as they can go." Oh, this was nice. I looked lovingly at Sarah and silently thanked her for letting me expose myself for her, especially in front of others. With my legs either side of the log, the shorts couldn't come down very far, but I could bunch them so that almost all my bush was fully displayed. I didn't think we could do more.
"Take them off, then back in that position." Sarah's fierce whisper filled the glade, and there were gasps of anticipation from some of the guys. Raising my knees high I slid the shorts from under me and up my legs and off, then spread my knees to expose my self totally. Sarah was almost glowing, and I felt a surge of pride at pleasing her. My right hand crept to my belly and caressed the soft dark hairs of my bush. I silently asked my Princess for permission, and she nodded, encouraging me to continue. Finger nails grazed through my pubes and stroked the swollen damp folds beneath, which parted at the lightest touch.
"Um, er, that's all f-folks," stammered Geoff, his voice strained, and I broke out of my almost hypnotic trance. With a shrug, raised eyebrow and half smile at Sarah, I struggled back into a sitting position and with great care got up off the log, trying not to injure my soft skin on the rough surface. Picking up the discarded shorts I went to retrieve the top, too, while Geoff had an intense conversation with Sarah who was calmly holding her own, I was pleased to see.
The guys weren't disappointed at the abrupt end, and some even threw a tip into the camera bag, grinning at me in the nicest possible way. By the time I was dressed again Geoff and Sarah came over, Geoff saying he would drive us back home.
Everyone was now packing away, and the three of us collected the fees and started back to the car park, walking in companionable silence. The drive home was also fairly quiet, though Geoff did say that he was pleased with the morning's shoot and would email and post the usual copies of the day's fruits. At the promise to post copies, Sarah gave me a quizzical look, and I knew I'd have to show her the glossies from before. Since Geoff already had my home address on file I didn't mind giving directions to the house, though we did ask him to drop us round the corner.
We thanked him for the lift and got home around midday. Sarah kept mum talking while I went straight upstairs to change into underwear, jeans and a pale blue sweater. When I came back down Sarah was telling Mum how she'd enjoyed the walk but couldn't exactly explain where we'd gone. A change of subject seemed in order.
"So where did you want to go for lunch, Mum?" I asked, and that nicely steered the conversation to safer ground which saw us through the drive to a nice café in town, parking the car, and perusal of the menu. Discussion of Sarah's clothes and schoolwork did the rest, and by mid afternoon Sarah and I were back in our room after spending an hour or two window shopping in town.
I switched my phone back on, having been too distracted until then, and saw that I had an email. Sarah turned on the computer. It was from Alice. She was asking if I would be available for the body-paint workshop promotion at 7pm on Tuesday at the College, So I had to explain the Art Class situation to her, and while I was at it went over to the chair, and moving it retrieved the glossies from under the carpet, handing them to her.
"Good slut!" Sarah beamed at me, and I felt a rush of pleasure. "These look great! I hope today's turn out as good."
Then turning back to the email she replied to Alice, signing herself as 'Sarah, on behalf of my cousin Andrea'.
We then counted up our fee from the day's work, and Sarah decided we had £60 to spend on props. I could see her mind scheming again, and wondered what new escapade she had in mind. After all, Alice's session didn't require anything of us except turning up whenever she got the thing going.
Sarah was just getting started though, and first she set up an electronic payment account in my name, then started browsing fetish clothing sites as if she'd been doing it longer than just a day. She already knew our sizes and chose some purchases for each of us. It was pretty obvious she already had a plan, and sure enough she emailed Geoff as me, suggesting Wednesday for the Special shoot as they had discussed, and saying the fee was to be £20 each photographer, again signing herself as 'Sarah, on behalf of my cousin Andrea'. I remembered that their club night was Thursday, so it sounded like this was to be an exclusive, but every time I asked Sarah what she'd agreed with Geoff she just said to wait and see, and do as I was told like a good slut.
Neither of us mentioned the special intimacy we'd experienced during the morning's shoot, and I wondered if Sarah was a little embarrassed at how involved she'd got. I didn't push it, and we spent the rest of the afternoon downstairs watching a couple of films while Mum knitted.
Halfway through the second film I got an email alert on my phone; it was Geoff. Although it was my email, it was addressed to Sarah, so I handed the phone over. She read it and grinned, then handed it back to me. He had agreed to her suggestions, Wednesday was fine and £20 seemed reasonable, and by the way he was covering a stage show next week for a magazine, would we let him get us both tickets, his treat for being such great sports?
After dinner, when Sarah and I were upstairs, she sent Geoff another email saying yes to the tickets, thanks.
We went back downstairs and spent the evening with Mum watching sitcoms on TV before returning upstairs. We kept to the same bed time routine as the night before, although Sarah seemed a little subdued, not even calling me her slut. I wondered if something were wrong.
"I've been thinking," she said. We were both in bed, she in the pretty pjs of last night in my bed, me naked on the mattress on the floor with the duvet pulled up to my armpits. "That photo session today. Is that what it was like when you did those other pictures?"
"Well, not really. Last time I never intended to get naked, it just kind of happened as I got caught up in the atmosphere. It's pretty intoxicating, you know?"
"Oh, I know!" she replied, not denying that she too had been caught up in the atmosphere of the event that morning. "I think I understand better, now. I won't send my brothers those photos. I can't hold that over you. If you want us to go back to the way things were before, that's ok."
I looked up at her, and things had changed. She wasn't being a bitch. She was now ok with me like never before. I guessed that now she knew my darkest secret she wasn't, I don't know, in competition with me? Or something like that.
"I don't want to go back to how things were; we didn't get on. You've been nicer to be with these last two days, and despite my horror at first, you know, when you found those pictures and stuff, I've actually enjoyed being with you. Its been kind of fun."
"I've enjoyed it too. You haven't been all superior. You're quite fun yourself, especially when you do as you're told!" and she grinned at me as she said this. "Tell me honestly. Do you really enjoy it, being submissive and stuff? Doing as you're told?"
I stopped to think for a moment. Then again looked up at Sarah. "Actually, yes I do. Truthfully, I enjoyed the way you treated me. And if we're telling truths now, I half wanted you to send those pictures to your brothers. It excited me, a lot. Humiliating, of course. Unwise, from my point of view, possibly even stupid. But incredibly arousing to think of them looking at the pictures." I hugged my knees and stared at the floor.
"So how is it arousing, knowing the boys are looking at nude photos of you?"
"Its something to do with knowing I'm turning guys on, making their penises hard, having them want me, desire me?"
"Do you actually like penises?"
"Well I've not seen many, but yes, I do. It's just such a pity that you find them on boys! I mean, what a waste!"
Sarah laughed. "I know! I can't think of any boys I know whose dick I would let anywhere near me!"
"What about your new friend, Geoff? You seemed to get on with him?"
"Ew, Andrea! He's, like old!"
"I don't see that's such a big deal? All the boys our age seem such assholes. And I'm not suggesting you marry him!"
"Would you, you know, do him? Fuck him? Even though he's so much older?"
I laughed at her question. I hadn't thought of actually doing anything with any of the photo club guys. But its not that I wouldn't, just that I'd never even considered it. I told Sarah so. "And there are other things besides letting them fuck you. I mean, there's jerking them off, or even sucking them?"
"Yeah, some of the pictures I seen showed that. The girls looked like they actually were enjoying it?"
"I'd like to do it," I said.
"What, let a guy put his penis inside your mouth? That he's wee'd through? Ew!"
"Yes, I would, despite that!"
At that, Sarah was silent, thinking.
"And you really liked me masturbating you before, didn't you?" I nodded.
"Um, Andrea?" Sarah paused, hesitated, as if unsure whether to continue. I just hugged my knees, looking down and keeping quiet. She continued, "Would you, of your own free will, I mean, do you want to, you know, be, um, my submissive slut?"
Glancing up at her I saw her own insecurity, like she was having to come to terms with her own weakness, her own version of addictive behaviour. Was this her equivalent of me being an exhibitionist? I felt a burst of affection for my cousin. This was a big step for both of us. She was admitting her own vulnerability, and kind of giving approval to mine. And it was a kind of commitment, too. Did I want to go through with it? Did we both want to?
"How about we do it for the rest of your stay here? Then see how we feel after that?" I could see the relief in her face, and knew I'd made the right decision. "Sarah, my Princess, please accept me as your obedient submissive exhibitionist humiliation slut. Andrea, Sarah's Submissive Obedient Slut; Assos."
Sarah grinned happily. "Ok, slut, go get me a drink of water, from the kitchen. And don't put any clothes on to do it!"
Shit! Mum was still downstairs watching some TV Drama. "Yes, my Princess!"
Getting out from under my duvet, I padded naked to the door of our bedroom and peeped out along the landing. All clear. Tiptoeing to the top of the stairs I listened for the sound of the TV and for any hint of Mum moving about. Nothing to give alarm. Creeping down the stairs I kept low to see through the banister in case Mum wasn't in the sitting room. All clear still. Keeping close to the hall wall I made it to the open sitting room doorway and flitted quickly across the gap to the kitchen.
My heart was racing. So far so good. As quietly as I could I got out a clean glass and ran the water for a moment before filling it. I couldn't run back past the open doorway carrying water, but I scooted as fast as I could and made it to the bottom of the stairs. Suddenly I heard the floor creaking and water or no water I almost sprinted up the stairs before Mum might see me, not stopping until I was back in our room with the door closed behind me. I could feel the hammer going in my chest, but I was flushed and excited as I put the still fairly full glass on Sarah's night stand and then hurried back to bed sitting up under my duvet.
"Thank you, slut." And Sarah put the light out.
We all woke late the next morning, Sunday, and met for breakfast together in the kitchen. Sarah and I were again dressed in jeans and sweaters, though hers were far more elegant than mine. By the time we'd cleared away I had another email alert on my phone. Geoff for Sarah. I looked at the message after she'd read it and handed the phone back: Geoff would try to get us two tickets for the Friday show. We headed back up to the computer for Sarah to send Geoff a thank you.
Mum cooked a great Sunday lunch, and we then went out for the afternoon while she napped, returning for tea, and decided to stay in for the evening.
The next morning, Monday, we were woken by a knock on the door. Mum answered it and called me down, and with Sarah's permission I threw a white towel dressing gown over my nakedness and hurried downstairs, Sarah not far behind me.
There was a delivery guy at the door with a big parcel addressed to me.
"Did you order something from mail order, Andrea?" Mum asked me, and I suddenly remembered the fetish gear Sarah had ordered in my name. Blushing, I told Mum, yes, and that I'd sign for it, and she returned upstairs to bed as I took her place at the front door, Sarah hovering over my shoulder.
The parcel was discrete at least, no 'FETISHES R US' pasted all over it or anything, and taking it from the delivery guy I checked the address label. Yep, it was ours. While he was sorting his little computer thingy for me to sign, and while my hands were full, I felt Sarah from behind me gently loosen the belt of my towel robe. I shrugged my shoulders trying to stop her but she kept going, and as the guy handed me the gadget to sign and I balanced the parcel in my left hand, Sarah made sure my robe parted to uncover my right boob.
"Oh shit! Sorry!" I mumbled, trying to move my boob back under cover while signing and trying to not drop the delivery. He didn't seem to mind, but I did, and had to drop the parcel to free my left hand to pull the dressing gown together. Unfortunately, it had been the parcel that was keeping the gown together over my lower half, and as soon as I dropped it the gown parted completely exposing me from right tit to pubes and legs.
"Fuck!" I muttered, trying to give him back the machine with my right hand and use my left to gather the robe together, which seemed to flutter out of my grasp every time I thought I had it. Finally he took the signing thing back and with both hands I covered myself. "Sorry, I don't know what happened!" I said, but he just replied, grinning, "Its ok, happens all the time! Good day, Miss, and Miss!" and turned and left. I closed the door with a grateful sigh and span round to scream at Sarah who just smiled at me and said, "Good slut," before I could get a word out. We both just burst out laughing.
"Now we're in the mood," she said, "Let's try this stuff on!"