My wife and I were married a couple years with no kids, enjoying ourselves to the fullest, in every way possible. We rented the upstairs of a large, 2 family house. Corrine lived below us. The same age as we were, she was a divorced mother of three (really awesome) kids. We had shared this living arrangement for a few years and, as is common with shared spaces, privacy is at times, tested. As is discretion.
In time we got to know each other. Over a year or so we learned a lot of personal information about each other as well. One poignant bit of information was that Corrine and her ex were swingers, as were we! Although we did circulate in different crowds so we never met up in any of the clubs that either of us went to. We knew that she was in the lifestyle, and she knew that we were in the lifestyle as well. The funny thing is we never really spoke about it with each other. Any interest in consequence of us knowing such a personal details about each other was a definite sense of a relaxed atmosphere about each other. To the point that one afternoon while my wife and I were puttering about in the backyard Corrine Came outside to ask us a general question about things and make some small talk. Not unusual for her, she was wearing her bathrobe. Although during the conversation this time the top of it kept loosening. I was treated to a wonderful boob show! One thing I've always admired about her were her fantastic tits! During the conversation that robe kept on opening and my eyes kept on wandering. I am positive she caught me because at one point in the conversation, after what I thought was a clandestine glance at her chest, she flashed me a sly grin and a wink. After that secretive interaction I swear that robe never was adjusted closed again for the rest of the time!
Things with Corrine heated up one evening while my wife and I were making love. We were on a kinky run at the time. Both of us on our backs with my wife fucking me. She was holding my ankles to her shoulders, her strap-on sliding its full length in and out of my ass. While getting hot and heavy, she urged me on by telling me to start using Corrine's name. We often fantasized having three ways with her. So the request wasn't really all that unusual. One thing that was different was that we knew for a fact she was home... alone; the kids were out with Dad. Also, we heard signs of life from below; the unmistakable sounds of her closet door squeaking, bed creaking, television babbling. We also knew she was laying on her bed exactly below us (Corinne was a loud talker on the phone).
Just to try something different, and to see what my wife's reaction would be, I groan out her name, "Mmmmm yeah Corrine". After a few strokes more in and out of me, she tells me to repeat her name, "but this time really mean it baby. "
Then again, but louder. We knew one way or another, there would be repercussions if we continued down this path. Still; yet again she demanded I invoke Corrine's name. We were, once again, imagining her with us. I comply by moaning and mewling her name, begging her, "Please peg me Corinne! Yeah baby! God I love it Corinne!" Soon I look back at you, just to see you full of lust and grinning while fucking my ass! I was able to moan, "Your turn, My Love." My wife didn't miss a beat. "Yeah Corrine! Fuck my husband baby! Do him Corrine, make him your slut!" Before long we both are moaning for Corrine. Saying her name again and again as we share our visions of her joining with us.
Were we too loud? Absolutely! But to no bother.
Corrine had been on to our activities for some time now. She had heard our love making many times and surmised some of the kink that must be occurring. She had heard sounds she recognized well. Things like handcuffs around our metal headboard. Like the sounds of a flogger hitting its mark and the delicious mewling to accompany it. She even was there to enjoy the symphony of lust when we had play partners join us! As well as just about all of our most intimate and kinky fetishes! But to finally hear her name sent her over the brink. She lay beneath us in shock and in lust. Having ended her call to better listen to what was starting to unfold above her, now she furiously rubbed herself to the sounds falling, like waves pounding her thirsty shore!
She listened to me calling her name in ecstasy, but when she listened better she really got taken! She heard me begging her to let me have her dick! This made her take pause. Her hands lay still as her grip on her nipple and the pressure held on her clit remained constant none the less. She even head her breath. Then it came again! "Oh Corrine peg me baby! I'm your slut baby!" Then the bed above really got rocking and loud, fast, rhythmic slapping sounds fell upon her! My wife's voice sang to Corrine loud and clear, "You like that baby? You like it when you get your ass fucked? You like Corrine fucking your ass? Go on and tell her, slut! Tell Corrine how badly you want to see her with a strap-on! Tell her how much you want her cock! Shes right there baby; Just feet below us!"
Corrine found that her hand, as if it had a mind of its own, was already rubbing furiously at her clit by the time she had consciously thought of doing it! " Yes tell me! Oh god yes tell me! I'd love to fuck your ass honey!"
Corrine exploded in such an orgasm like she hasn't felt in ages. She lay panting, and basking in the warmth of orgasmic afterglow. Now thinking about what happened, she felt totally uncertain as to where this could lead; fully aware of hers and our participation together in this evenings activities. Doming a guy was one of her fantasies. Enshrouded in lust, she went back to listening to the lovemaking above. Our climaxes were just starting as she was glowing.
By this time we had changed positions. I love cumming from getting my ass fucked like nothing else, but at that moment the love I felt for my wife was all consuming. I insisted that we come together with me inside her. What I remember as an instant, we were face to face in missionary, staring into each others eyes, breathing each others breath, sweating each others sweat.
Our climax' were phenomenal! I still remember that particular orgasm years later. When it hit I tried to scream out Corrine's name but it was such a powerful orgasm that every muscle in my body locked up except for my groin! That was pulsating, shooting jet after jet of come into my wife as deeply and as copiously as I've ever come in her before! My wife's orgasm was just as powerful! Her attempt to shout Corrine's name also ended up in nothing but a repeated stutter of just the beginning of her name! Both of us, shaking and riding our waves of pleasure together! Her vagina clamped so tightly around me, she could feel the pulsing of my ejaculating penis. I thrust in so deep, I could feel my wife's cervix beating down upon the head of my cock, sucking my semen up into her womb! After time returned to us we finally collapsed in a sweaty heaving pile.
We lay panting, sweaty, still intertwined. We were staring wide eyed at each other. Shocked at our brazenness!
There was the sound of my wife's phone. She lazily grabbed at it and fumbled it to her face. "Holy shit it's Corrine!"
"What does it say?" I blurted out!
She just turned the phone so I could read it myself:
..."YES"...