I was already downstairs in our walkout basement and walking toward her when she came through the door and closed it softly behind her.
"Why hello there," she said, with a playful smile "what did you think about," but before she could finish her sentence I pressed hard against her, kissing her passionately, tasting a lingering hint of his cum in her mouth.
"Mmmmm," she moaned as she wrapped her arms tightly around me running her hand up the back of my head and pushing my lips even tighter to hers as our tongues intertwined.
I pulled away "come on," I said, in a laborer breath, taking her by the hand and leading her back upstairs to our bedroom. I could tell she was as turned on as I was, and I could not wait to make love to her.
As we entered the room, I pushed her down on the bed and fell on top of her, kissing her hard and grinding my throbbing cock against her pussy through our clothes.
My hand slid down and grabbed her breast as she moaned "mmmmm."
I moved my lips from hers, down to her neck and began sucking and licking before giving her a little nibble. Then I moved up to her ear lobe, licking and sucking along the way.
My hot breath moaning in her ear as I gently flicked her earlobe with my tongue "mmmmmm."
"Ohhhhh, my god, yes baby," she moaned.
I slid my hand under her back to untie her loosely tied bikini top, and she pulled it away, revealing her perky, hard nipples.
I moved from her ear back to her lips and kissed her again. This time, biting her lower lip gently and giving it a little suck.
She pulled back and began kissing my neck. I was looking to the side and noticed the window I had opened to listen and watch her with the pool guy was still open.
"I wonder if he's still here?" I thought as she sucked on my ear lobe and ran her hand down to meet my throbbing cock through my shorts
"Mmmmm," I moaned as she whispered "I want you to fuck me, baby, I want to feel your cock in me!"
"Ummm, yes baby I want you so badly," as I kissed her hard again.
I stood up and slid my shorts off. My hard cock sprang free and I glanced out the window to see the pool guy still cleaning the pool. I was pretty sure he could see straight into our bedroom from where he was and with the window open, there would be no doubt as to what was going on.
"This should be interesting," I thought, getting even more turned at the idea of him watching us make love. I moved to slide her bikini bottoms off.
She was dripping wet, and I just had to taste her. I grabbed her legs and bent them back and spread them before kissing her inner thigh.
She reached down and ran her fingers through my hair as I took a slow long lick of her pussy "Mmmm," I moaned, she was so wet and tasted so good.
I made several long licks before circling her clit with my tongue.
"Oh my god," she said "oh that feels good!"
I began to lick her clit with more intensity and felt her hips grinding into my face "oh baby, oh my god, yes!"
I kept the tempo with my tongue on her clit and slowly started to circle her opening with my finger. She was grabbing her tits and arching her back, rearing her head back on the bed.
I slowly slid my finger inside of her moving the tip gently in her "oh my god, oh baby!" she said louder "oh fuck baby, you're going make cum like that, don't stop it feels so good!"
I pushed my tongue harder on her clit and gave it a little suck between my lips as I pushed my finger deeper inside of her, "oh fuck I'm cumming, baby, ohhhhh yeahhh!" she screamed,
"Mmmhmm," I moaned as I licked and slowed my fingered her. I could feel her pussy tighten around my finger and juices flowing down onto my face.
"Oh my god," she said, "that was amazing!" Her body quivering.
"Good baby, I'm glad you liked it, but I'm not done with you yet," I said.
She smiled, "hope not!"
I slid up her body giving her kisses along her stomach, then stopping to lick and suck her hard nipples. She moaned and bucked as I gently bit one of them.
My lips found hers again and I kissed her hard as I slid my throbbing cock into her dripping wet pussy. "Ohhhhh," I moaned "god you feel so good!"
"Yeah, baby, I love your cock in me!"
I slid slowly in and out and gazed into her eyes, "Oh my god, Gina, your pussy feels so good," I moaned, realizing it was probably loud enough for the pool guy to hear.
I pushed myself up and pulled her to the edge of the bed so I could fuck her in a standing position with her legs in the air.
"Oh my god, that feels so good baby! I like your cock in me like this," she moaned.
I looked out the window. The pool guy had stopped cleaning the pool and was standing behind the lounge chair staring at our window and I could see he was rubbing his cock through his shorts.
I was so turned on I almost came but pulled out to stop briefly and took the opportunity to flip her over. She knew I wanted her to ride me. I also wanted her to see the pool guy and for the pool guy to see her fucking me.
She slid my cock into her, moaning "mmmmmm," and pushed off my chest to rise up.
When she did, she looked out the window and froze briefly.
She'd seen him, and she knew he was watching.
I grabbed her ass, pulling her into me allowing my cock to go even deeper inside of her and shot her a devilish smile.
She smirked back, closed her eyes, and began grinding on my cock "oh my god," she whispered
She started to ride me more intently, her hands moved up to lift her hair off her shoulders while her beautiful C cup tits bounced in front of me,
"God, you're so sexy!" I moaned.
I sat up and took one of her nipples into my mouth "oh god," she said, "I'm so turned on, fuck."
"Me too baby, you feel so good," I moaned.
I looked out the window to see the pool guy with his shorts down enough that he could fully stroke his hard cock while he watched us.
I flipped her over again, this time so I could get behind her. I reached into her night stand drawer and pulled out her purple vibrator and turned it on as I slid my cock into her.
As I worked the vibrator around her thigh and on to her clit our hands met and she took it from me, working her clit a little harder. I reached forward and grabbed her tits while I fucked her,
"oh my god, oh my god, oh fuck," she cried, "oh god yes, fuck me!"
I was getting close and I could tell the pool guy was too. "Did you like sucking his big cock, baby?" I said, driving my cock deeper into her.
"Mmhmmm," she moaned "I loved it! Did you like watching me?"
"Oh my god, yes! It was so hot!'' I exclaimed.
We were both watching him stroke his cock now while he was watching us. "God this is so hot," she said, "fuck me harder, yeah that's it just like that, give it to me!" she screamed.
Just then we watched as he quivered and moaned "ohhh fuck," shooting his hot young cum all over the towel my wife had used to wipe his first cum off of her.
"Oh my god, I'm going to cum, ohhh, I'm going to cum so hard!", I moaned
"Me too baby, oh my god I'm cumming! I'm cumming, fuck, oh my god!" She screamed again.
"Oh my god. yes! uunnnnn!" I yelled shooting hot cum deep inside of her, cumming so hard my cum was dripping out of her while I was still pushing into her.
"Oh my god!" I said breathless, as I fell over on top of her back shaking. She collapsed onto the bed with me laying on top of her. "Holy shit!" I said.
"Ummm, yeah... wow," she said.
"I love you," I said.
"I know, I love you more," she responded.
"Don't think so," I said.
"Whatever," as she closed her eyes.
We laid there in silence for a minute or two, just trying to process everything.
Our eyes flashed opened when we heard a car door close, an engine start and a truck leaving our driveway.
We both started giggling and I rolled over and gave her a kiss and smiled. "So, what would you like for dinner?"