This story is a from a role playing game where a girl was tasked with presenting herself before the medieval crew of her ship, dressed in nothing but a slave girl's tunic. The objective was to record the crew's reaction at seeing their Captain like that, but she climbs on the wrong ship.. which just happened to be waiting for a visitor like her.
-[ Ada ]------------------------------
She is a beautiful siren. An adorably messy shag of fiery red hair tops her head, the tousled styling showcasing subtle highlights with a few bangs left to tickle merrily on her forehead. Her angular face is smooth and tapers neatly to a gentle chin. A pair of large, sapphire-blue eyes complemented by a small, slightly upturned nose, and full sensual lips adorn her visage. Like most of her racial sisters, she appears comely with a tightly worked out figure and lustrous skin that seems to glow in the faintest light. She has a tall stature just shy of six feet, accentuating her lissome, curvaceous profile.
-----------------------------------
- A Pier Overlooking the Sea -
Humming cheerfully as she skips along the dock, Ada deftly ducks and dodges through the crowd as she makes her way to the docking berth of the Nirvana.
"Hello, master Khelwyn!" she waves at the harbourmaster as she passes him before quickly ducking to a side behind a large cart of cargo near her ship. She pulls a small, crimson garment from her satchel and gets an equally coloured flush on her cheeks as she holds it aloft for a moment, pondering her next move.
-[ a belted slave girl's tunic in crimson silk ]----------
Exuding simplicity and accessibility in design, this naughty tunic is crafted with a single, rectangular piece of crimson silk. With the sides left completely open, the sleeveless piece is held to the form with a small belt cut from the same fabric, facilitating quick removal as well should the demand arise. A large diamond shaped hole at the centre pretends to function as a neckline, symmetrically cut to allow wearing the tunic either way, while revealing substantial cleavage all the way down to the navel at the front. With the hem hovering rather high on the thighs, the wispy fabric demands comfort in one's own skin, the overall effect rather ceremonial of one ready for service.
-----------------------------------
"Oh, hmm!" Ada goes as she peers around for onlookers, and hurriedly strips out of her clothes before pulling the crimson tunic on herself, stuffing the rest of her belongings back into her satchel. 'Eep eep!' Ada squeaks as the cart begins to move all of a sudden, and fumbles with her belt as she tries to keep up with it, keeping herself hidden from view while looking for a place to hide her satchel.
"Aaaahhh I didn't think this through!" she mutters as the cart passes a ship, and tosses her satchel into the cart before hurriedly shuffling up the gangplank and onto the deck, holding on to the little tunic as she tries to keep it from revealing too much.
- The Quarterdeck -
Taking a moment to catch her breath as she lands on the deck, Ada turns to look over the railing and quickly marks the cart as she mutters, "Oh, it's headed to the warehouse? I guess it wasn't ours-"
"You are here? We were expecting you earlier. You are late, miss!"
Ada blinks as an unfamiliar voice interrupts her, and turns to face a jolly looking fellow confronting her with a clipboard. "Umm.." she goes as she lets her gaze wander and momentarily gets a slack jaw at finding herself on an unfamiliar deck, the many eyes staring back at her robbing her of speech till only a shy stutter of "I-I'm sorry..?" escapes her lips.
"Right then, enough dawdling. Come along now!" the foreman exclaims as he grabs Ada by the arm and ushers her deeper into the deck, "We don't have long before your madam is here to pick you up."
Fists tightly holding on to the hem of her little tunic, Ada shuffles along with a confused look on her face, and lets out a 'Huh?' at hearing the word 'madam', blinking at finding herself on a raised pedestal with thin poles flanking on each side.
"Please wait here, I'll go and get the rigger. He wandered off when you didn't show up," the foreman says to Ada, leaving her looking lost and confused as he runs off to somewhere before she could say anything.
"Wait but-!" Ada begins but bites her lips as the foreman disappears, and gets a shy, pink flush on her cheeks as she pauses to contemplate the situation, letting her gaze lightly flit over the milling crowd of strangers before locking on the still-lowered gangplank.
As she considers running off, Ada blinks and finds herself gazing at the crowd before her again, shuffling her feet as she mutters to herself, "I was to present myself in this tunic before a crew..," and shyly wraps her arms about herself as she continues, "..I guess this is a crew..?" Giggling shyly at herself as she decides to stay, Ada reaches out and tentatively grabs the poles on either side of her, and shifts a foot before the other before dipping into a demure curtsy before the crowd, getting a crimson flush on her cheeks as it earns her a loud applause and more than a few catcalls.
Letting her arms drop to her side, Ada shuffles her feet and takes a moment as she looks around, idly fidgeting with her clothing as she watches a few sailors take seat on the floor near the pedestal. She tilts her head curiously as they stare happily at her, and gasps as she follows their gaze to right under her tunic, the little garment utterly helpless against their vantage point. Blushing profusely at the realisation, she simply squeezes her thighs together and offers a shy smile, resisting the urge to cup her naked sex which would make it all the more conspicuous to everybody else.
Her thoughts interrupted by a loud "Ahem!", Ada blinks and turns to find a lanky fellow climbing the pedestal beside her, carrying an assortment of ropes in one hand and a large supply bag in the other. He eyes Ada from head to toe, grinning in spite of himself as she blushes and poses demurely for him, but he shakes his head and points at her tunic as he says, "I imagine this is not a regular assignment for you but we -specifically- asked for you to be dressed -appropriately-, miss."
Suddenly feeling very -very- underdressed at the comment, Ada shuffles her feet and begins to explain, "Ohh umm.. I think I'm on the wro-" but is cut-off abruptly as the rigger drops his things and waves a hand to say, "We'll make do, we have paid your madam already. I doubt you would mind."
Comprehension dawning on her face as she hears of 'payment', Ada raises a hand as she tries to explain again, but bites her tongue just in time, a mischievous grin playing on her lips as she shrugs and says instead, "You'll have to make do, I guess," and proceeds to cheerfully primp and preen herself before the rigger.
(Huh, they think I'm a woman of negotiable affections! I guess the one they hired is a no-show. Teehee! Wait wait.. what if they want me to do something gross? Eww.. but they look like peasants and I'm trained in combat.. I should be able to handle them, right? -sigh- I guess I'll cross that bridge when it comes to it..)
"Hands, please."
Ada blinks as her reverie is broken by a voice, the voice repeating itself, "Hands, now." She stares blankly at the rigger but holds her hands before him anyway, going "Oh.." as he begins to wrap a piece of sturdy rope about her wrists, biting her lips as she watches him tie over half a dozen alternating loops on each side before securing them with many knots at various points. As he finishes, Ada playfully wiggles her arms and tries to slip out, but finds the bindings absolutely unyielding, at which she blushes at the rigger, who takes her hands and raises them somewhat for all to see as he declares, "We'll start with a basic tie, the lesson here is to tie each hand separately before tying them together or she will simply slip out as if it was nothing."
Still staring in amazement at the knots binding her wrists, Ada blinks as the rigger deftly undoes them with practiced ease, but keeps her hands held together before him almost absentmindedly, waiting for his next act.
"Turn around, please."
"Turn around, now!" the rigger calls out impatiently, stamping his feet as he watches Ada shyly shuffle and turn, her face away from him and sideways from the audience, her hands held stupidly before her as if still tied. His gaze held at her naked thighs and the rather high hem of her tunic, the rigger calls out, "Arms behind, plea-," but scoffs and grabs her by the elbows before pulling her arms behind her back, crossing her wrists with each other right above the swell of her bottom. Finding her delightfully pliable with him, the rigger grins happily and decides to pull her wrists further up so as to make the back of her hands level with her shoulder blades, the girl huffing somewhat from the effort which he seemingly ignores while he takes a few moments to bind her wrists in intricate knots again.
Blushing as she lets herself be turned and handled, Ada bites her lips and lowers her gaze to the floor as the rigger fixes her arms behind her, and finds herself arching her back and pushing her breasts out in this position, shyly shuffling her feet as she attempts to ignore the distinct stirring beginning to swell between her thighs. Tugging at her arms again as he finishes, she giggles shyly as she is made to face away from the audience to show off the knots, gasping as a stray gust of wind lifts her tunic somewhat, the collective 'Oooh!' sounding off behind her colouring her face an early shade of dawn.
"Eee!" Ada blushes in a tiny voice as she curls her toes while the rigger explains the knots to his audience, and shyly peeks over her shoulder as he pauses to retrieve a letter from a dove flapping in, curiosity taking ahold of her as he furrows his brow at the letter's contents.
Turning to face Ada, the rigger holds up the letter and reads aloud, "The madam would like to remind us, Claire's face is not to be used or defiled in any manner for her services are needed elsewhere, later. To this effect, a pair of mandatory accessories are herewith this letter. She was supposed to pick up on her way." Folding the letter aside, the rigger retrieves a small pouch from the dove and spills its contents in his hands, a red leather ball with azure ribbons attached on opposite sides, and a matching red leather collar with the words, "Claire - property of Lady M." embroidered on it in azure thread, with a golden ring attached to it.
"As if we were going to defile you anyway..," the rigger scoffs as he tosses away the letter, and turns to Ada with the leather ball expectantly held up before her lips.
"Wait, you aren't gonna-?!" Ada begins but shuts up quickly with a crimson flush on her cheeks, and elects to slip her lips over the leather ball instead, finding the 'accessory' completely filling her mouth and shutting her up for good. As the rigger snaps the collar on her neck, she finds her gaze lowering to the floor again as she plays along, squirming slightly as her nipples harden on their own while the stirring between her thighs bubbles for attention.
As he finishes collaring Ada, the rigger takes a step back and quips nonchalantly, "Huh, your gag and collar match your hair and eyes. How very tasteful," the comment eliciting a matching blush on her cheeks as she smiles shyly in spite of herself. Stepping closer to her, he wraps his arms about her as if hugging her and deftly undoes the ties holding her arms behind her, retrieving his ropes while seemingly ignoring the surprised look on her face.
"Now, arms out," the rigger orders as he retrieves another set of ropes from his bundle, and nods at finding Ada holding her arms out like a bird, at which he chuckles and says, "Just hold the poles," nodding again as she readily complies. Hooking the rope through the ring in her collar, he takes a moment to measure and balance its length before beginning to wrap it around her chest, looping across her breasts in a lemniscate pattern while crossing the ends on her back with each turn. Stopping abruptly midway, he sighs and shakes his head as he goes, "No no, miss. Your clothes are getting in the way. There is a reason why you were asked to wear something tight and form fitting!"
"Hey! What happened to saying please?" Ada thinks to herself as she is told to hold her arms out, but reaches to grab the poles on either side of the pedestal anyway. As the rigger ties the rope about her, she finds her breasts gently getting squeezed with her nipples growing ever more sensitive with each turn, blushing as she notices them poking conspicuously against the thin fabric of her tunic. She blinks as the rigger stops midway, and curiously tilts her head as he mentions of her clothes getting in the way, but only manages to shrug helplessly at him, giving him her best "You'll have to make do" impression through the gag. She giggles as he gives an exasperated sigh but relents after a few moments and nods shyly at him, taking a deep breath as he begins to undo the belt holding her tunic together, her gaze furtively flitting across the many onlookers while a tiny voice squeals in her head, "Eee! I just agreed to be naked!@"
As he fidgets with Ada's tunic, the rigger frowns at the irony of now finding his ropes getting in the way, but elects to just snip the garment at the shoulders before yanking it out from under the ropework with slow deliberation; the act eliciting an incredulous gasp turning into a low, continuous moan from his prisoner while the fabric drags across her sensitive nipples. He chuckles as he watches her instinctively squeeze her thighs together, her hand cupping her sex while she pulls an arm across her breasts, but shakes his head as he pulls her hands aside, gently curling her fingers on the poles again as he says, "Please, you're beautiful. There is no need to hide."
Blushing profusely as her hands are pushed aside, Ada giggles shyly at the compliment and takes a moment to steady herself, her hold on the poles growing firm as she mentally prepares to let herself be exposed and restrained as needed, the many hoots and catcalls from the onlookers ensuring her now very noticeable arousal did not subside in any way. Steadying her breath, she nods at the rigger and giggles shyly through the gag as he begins almost immediately, her gaze locked on his hands as he dexterously weaves an intricate pattern of ropes binding her abdomen, her skin sensitive and tingling with each set.
Kneeling before Ada as he weaves a harness down to her waist, the rigger chuckles at finding her squeezing her thighs together, his gaze momentarily arresting on her decidedly aroused sex, but he shakes his head and gently shifts her feet about shoulders-width apart, seemingly oblivious to the shy moan erupting from her as he reaches between her legs for additional measurement. Crossing a pair of ropes just above her feminine mound, he takes a moment to tie them in a thick triangular knot, and pulls it through between her thighs before stretching the rope taut behind her through the cleft of her buttocks; the overall effect being her sex showcased artfully in a frame of ropes while the large knot makes its presence felt, pressed tightly against her pink hole.
As the rigger kneels before her, Ada lets out a nervous giggle at finding his face inches from her sex, and blushes as he shifts her feet apart and casually reaches between her thighs, the act eliciting a moan from her which she would have suppressed if not for the gag keeping her from biting her lips. She gasps as she feels the rope going taut around her sex, the pressure on her skin effecting an obscene bulge and making her lips stand out like a blossoming flower, the cleverly positioned knot pressing into her pink hole forcing her to rise momentarily on her toes while he works on the final few knots behind her. Her knuckles growing white on the poles as she struggles to keep from touching herself, Ada breathes a sigh as the rigger allows her to close her legs, and begins to shyly rub her thighs together in spite of herself, hips seductively undulating from the effort. Her small modicum of relief is brief however, as another pair of ropes are tightly wound just above and below her knees, effectively arresting any further motion.
"Hands, please."
Ada blinks as if experiencing a déjà vu, but this time offers herself right away, giggling through the gag as her wrists are bound together yet again while she is seemingly half-distracted with the ropes down below. Her attention drawn to the rigger again as he pulls her arms above her head, she lets out a shy "Oh-eaa.. (Oh, dear)" as she is made to rise up on her toes, her hands tightly bound to a crossbeam above the pedestal. Feeling delightfully vulnerable by the second, she casts a glance at the cheering onlookers, and musters a shy smile on her flushed visage as she presents a picture of bound, collared, gagged, and utterly helpless arousal, her ears deaf to whatever the rigger is trying to tell her.
"Do you agree, miss?"
The rigger steps before Ada and waves his hands at her face as he tries to force himself into her sight, and repeats a bit loudly, "Do you agree?!", nodding curtly as she nods enthusiastically at him, utterly ignorant of the somewhat delirious expression on her face. Kneeling down again, he takes a moment to undo the ropes on her legs, and lifts her right foot before hooking her knee onto his shoulder. Rising up again, he gently straightens and stretches her leg till her foot is pointing up, where he takes a few moments to tie her ankle to the crossbeam above with a piece of rope, before loosely joining it with the knots on her wrists. Stepping back to appraise his work, he makes a few minor adjustments on her harness and nods at her before stepping away, beckoning a shipmate to fetch additional supplies with him.
Her eyes growing wide as the rigger lifts her leg, Ada resists momentarily but quickly finds herself submitting to him, just to somewhat grind herself against him while he ties her ankle, a sigh escaping her as she fails to get anywhere close before he walks away. Her blossoming sex now on full display, she casts a furtive glance at the many onlookers, blushing at finding them all enjoying the view, almost frowning at finding none looking at her eyes to let her work her Sireni charms. Craning around as she looks for the rigger, she squints as she spots him carrying a large table in the distance with a shipmate, her gaze following the pair as they make their way and plant it right in the middle of the deck among the crew.
As the rigger approaches her again, Ada blushes and finds her gaze lowering for him, blinking as he begins to undo the harness about her, somehow feeling even more naked as the ropes are removed, their marks still decorating her creamy white skin. "Eee!" she lets out shyly as the ropes between her thighs are removed, and clenches her buttocks in spite of herself as she feels the loss of the knot pressing against her pink hole. As the ropes binding her breasts come off, she blinks as she lets out a breath she never knew she was holding, only to slip into a low, tender moan as the rigger begins to knead and massage the soft flesh around her sensitive nipples, finding herself gazing pleadingly at him although he doesn't really let his fingers brush her nubs even once while he works to return the blood flow to normalcy.
Frustrated at the rigger's professional indifference, Ada 'hmph's at him and looks away as he pulls the last of the ropes rigged through her collar, but naughtily hooks a leg about his waist anyway as he frees her ankle, giggling as he eventually frees her arms as well and disentangles himself from her. Rubbing her wrists as she stands naked, she makes a face at him while resisting the urge to touch herself, but yields easily as he leads her to the table, the crew politely stepping aside as they give her a wide berth, much to her confusion. As she approaches the table, she murmurs shyly through the gag, "Oo.. ooa.. ee're oin "ere" (Oh.. okay.. we're going there..), and suddenly remembers to cover herself with her arms, blushing as the many chuckles from the crew remind her of having exposed every inch of herself already.
"Lie down on the table, please," the rigger says as he begins to prepare another set of ropes, ducking under the table with his measuring device.
"IIaa-eaee—ooe'ii aaa-ee?-" (I'm bending over this, aren't I?) Ada murmurs through the gag, but blushes with a shy "Ooo!" (Oops!) as she hears the rigger first, at which she quickly climbs on the table and stretches herself on her back. Her cheeks burning as she hopes nobody understood her, she keeps a hand cupped on her sex with her other arm pulled across her breasts, her fingers surreptitiously nursing her arousal seemingly with a mind of their own. With the rigger distracted and leaving her with an unyielding arousal, Ada seemingly forgets everything as she closes her eyes and begins to stroke herself with urgent intensity, curling her legs while squeezing and pinching a nipple at the same time, a loud moan of wanton pleasure escaping her lips as she invites an impending orgasm.
"AHEM!!"
Her trance broken by the loud voice, Ada opens her eyes and freezes suddenly at finding herself surrounded by faces, her eyes eventually locking with the rigger who shakes his head and says, "Arms out, please." Blushing profusely as if getting caught stealing cookies, she mumbles a tiny "Ii-Ooee!" (I'm sorry!) through the gag but finds herself unable to pull her hands away, her paralysis quickly cured with a stern "Now" from the rigger, at which she reluctantly spreads her arms to her sides, her thighs still rubbing with each other seemingly out of her control. Moaning softly as she is given a few moments to settle down, she eventually finds her breath and nods shyly at him, a little laugh escaping her lips as he gets to work immediately.
Idly rolling her hips as she watches the rigger bind her elbow with a piece of rope, Ada blinks as his "assistant" begins to mirror his motions on the other side, and decides to make it difficult as she playfully pulls her other hand closer to herself, giggling as she discovers they're on the same rope going underneath the table. As they finish almost at the same time, she takes a moment to test her bondage and finds it proper, at which she merrily winks at the assistant and flashes him a cheery thumbs up, quickly shooting a sideways glance at the rigger to watch his reaction, pouting at finding him not really noticing her antics.
"Legs out, please."
Ada blinks at the rigger and stares at him for a moment, but gets a mischievous grin on her face as she seductively twists her body and pulls her knees to his side, before splaying her thighs open for him, her eyes smouldering in challenge even as her cheeks match the colour of her gag at this point. A shy moan escaping her lips as she feels strong arms under her thighs, Ada blushes as she watches intricate ropework take shape binding her knees to her elbows, and playfully wiggles her toes as the same ropes are extended to bind her wrists to her ankles. As they finish and step back, she tugs on her bondage again out of habit and gasps as the totality of her situation dawns on her; her absolute inability to close her thighs along with the distinct scent of her throbbing arousal beguiling and beckoning any and all, leading her to cry out, "AAA! AAA-EE-OOAEEE!!" (AHH! TAKE ME ALREADY!!)
Crossing arms across his chest as he watches Ada thrash and writhe for attention, the rigger waits patiently till she settles down somewhat, and then some more till her sobs and screams through the gag quiet down as well. Taking a moment to undo the knots binding her elbows to her knees, he nods at his assistant who repeats after him before eventually releasing the ropes keeping her from closing her thighs. With only her wrists still bound to her ankles, he motions at his assistance and together, they flip her on her belly, the position squishing her breasts against the table with her bottom raised invitingly behind her.
Her skin tingling as she is handled again, Ada blushes in the new pose as she murmurs "Oo.. ee-aa-ooii-ee.." (Oh.. we're doing this..) and finds herself seductively arching her back while spreading her knees, her cheeks and ears burning crimson with the acute awareness of now even her pink hole being on offer. She giggles as the rigger leans into her sight with a raised brow, and nods tentatively at him after a moment, not really sure of what she was nodding for. Her body quivering in anticipation as he steps away, she cranes her neck as she tries to peek over her shoulder, but whimpers shyly as she feels strong hands on her skin again, this time looping ropes rather high between her thighs.
With each set pulling her thighs together, Ada squeals happily as an occasional hand or a rope glides under her aching sex, and whimpers shyly as they finish, the final few knots climbing up high enough to teasingly brush against her sensitive folds. Aware of how the arrangement props up her bottom, she begins to wiggle her hips in spite of herself, attempting to grind against the ropes but blushes at finding them cleverly positioned just out of reach, only to tease and not to please. A pleading moan escaping her lips as she closes her eyes, she blinks and gasps as a tight slap lands sharply on her bottom cheek, followed by gentle caresses easing the sting, at which she giggles and cries out "Oooe!" (More!), squealing happily as she is rewarded with a steady stream of spanks alternating on each cheek, some landing behind her thighs.
Her bottom tingling in crimson as the crew takes turn at spanking her, Ada lets out a long moan of delight, her back arching while her body grows taut as she feels an orgasm on the horizon, but blinks as the rigger abruptly orders them to back off. Screaming into her gag at the development, she fidgets furiously as she tries to grind in vein against the knots hovering under her sex, and ends up sobbing in frustration, the sticky stream of her juices dripping between her thighs silently mocking her denial. Her expression sullen as the rigger leans into her sight again, she lets out a whimper at him and goes, "Aaee?!" (Why?!)
"I'm sorry, they're being punished."
"AEE?!" (THEY?!)
"... and so are you."
"EE?!!" (ME?!!)
"They're unfortunate, thanks to you. Their punishment was not supposed to be this severe," the rigger says, the confused expression on Ada's face prompting him to continue, "You see, we had asked for the Human, Claire. But we got a Siren. You, not-Claire. Just imagine their plight. A human would have been easy to look away from, but you ensured they suffered every second of it."
"I have worked with Claire before," the rigger says as he undoes the knots holding Ada's wrists to her ankles before making her sit up, seemingly oblivious of the look of disbelief on her face. Pulling her off the table, he makes her face away and begins to bind her wrists high behind her back again as before, nodding approvingly at her lack of resistance as he says, "You are an impostor, miss." Taking a moment to check her bondage, he reaches for the ropes on her upper thighs, but lets them be as he decides they wouldn't really keep her from walking, albeit the knots would certainly tease her sex with each step. Turning her to face him again, he steps aside as he says, "On that note, the madam is here," spanking her lightly as he hands her over.
Blinking incredulously as the rigger explains her situation, Ada finds herself unable to look him in the eye, and shyly lowers her gaze as she lets him have his way, blushing as he yanks her arms behind her back, the act pushing out her breasts invitingly. "Aa-aou?" (Wait, what?) she says through the gag as she is turned around, and giggles shyly as she is spanked, her gaze unsteadily finding the face of a lovely woman staring right at her, at which she smiles nervously, mumbling a tiny "Ii-Ooee!" (I'm sorry!) at her.
"I understand you have paid in advance so I came here myself to return th-," the madam tells the foreman but pauses as she spots a lovely figure being ushered to her, briefly eyeing Ada from head to toe with a raised eyebrow before turning to the foreman as she continues, "-to thank you for your business." She exchanges some more pleasantries with the foreman and bids him farewell before turning to Ada again, an expression of intense curiosity on her face as she steps closer. Tilting her head as she begins, "I don't recall sending a replacement?" but pauses as she notices the familiar collar, comprehension flashing on her face at the realisation as she continues, "Why, hello! Why didn't you check in with me? I could have charged a lot more for you."
Stepping closer to Ada, the madam begins to wipe her face with a handkerchief as she goes, "What is your name dear? How did you -ever- end up here anyway?" before reaching down to feel her sex, finding her exceptionally wet at which she goes, "Oh, my!"
Grabbing Ada by the arm, the madam gently strokes her for a moment before dipping a couple of fingers between her silken folds, grinning as she draws a shy moan from her, only to pull out and suck on her digits as she goes, "Mmm delicious.."
Blushing as the madam cares for her, Ada begins to mumble something incoherently through the gag, gasping as the madam reaches for her sex, but finds herself moaning gratefully as she begins to stroke her, sighing as she withdraws to taste her. She giggles shyly as the madam begins to trace the lines of her sex, gently teasing her and making her squirm before pulling back again, this time expectantly holding her hand a few inches away from her. Her cheeks turning pink at the implications, Ada does what the madam wants anyway, shuffling ahead as she presses herself against the offered hand, going "Eee!" (Eee!) as the madam pulls back yet again, her hand still lowered but this time held a foot or so away from her.
"Aww alright alright, come here you poor thing. The rigger is a meanie isn't he!" the madam says cheerily as Ada approaches her again, and lets her grind herself against her hand for a few moments before pulling her in her arms, pressing her lips to her breasts while reaching down to stroke and pinch her demanding arousal, a finger or two dipping into her silken folds.
The madam's expert ministrations, along with her own overwhelming need to be touched, paint Ada's features with naked pleasure, just as a low moan erupts from her throat, her entire body convulsing somewhat as it heralds an orgasm. Closing her eyes as she writhes and moans, she leans heavily on the madam as her knees almost buckle, finding herself gasping frantically as the madam withdraws momentarily, but breaks into a scream of joy as she feels her clitoris and a nipple pinched hard at the same time, fingers splaying her sex as she squirts out waves upon waves of her juices.
Her body convulsing one last time as her climax crescendos, Ada arches her back and tugs hard on her bondage as her features seemingly freeze in a silent scream, her eyes suddenly opening to reveal a bright, focused gaze; the shin energy latent within her manifesting in blue flames rippling across her skin before erupting in a loud, concussive blast.
..
..
..
Gasping as if abruptly waking up from a dream, Ada sits up and looks around, letting out a shy "Oh dear.." at finding the madam listlessly slumped against the deck's railing, the rest of the crew keeping their distance from the pair. She hurries to her assistance but pauses at the look of abject terror on her face, and goes "Umm..," as she begins, her gag and ropes apparently vaporised in the blast, "..I'm sorry. I didn't know that was gonna happen." Spying her marked cargo emerging from the warehouse, she hurriedly continues, "But I'm gonna go! Please take care!" and hugs her before leaping off the deck, deftly landing on the cart passing below.
Covering her nudity as best as she can with her arms, Ada peers around for onlookers, and breathes a sigh of relief at finding her belongings intact. Pulling her clothes out of her satchel, she dresses up hurriedly before hopping off the cart, blinking as she lands before a familiar face. Ignoring the old man's confused expression, she waves merrily at him as she goes, "Hello, master Khelwyn!" and skips along the dock, deftly ducking and dodging through the crowd as she makes her way to the docking berth of the Nirvana.
---------------- ~ Fin! ~ --------------