I had been sick for a few days and whenever I got sick, I got horny. There were a few steamy sexting between me and a few guys I's swiped right on, the usual "I want to fuck you right now" and "You're so fucking hot I want to cum on your face" and the usually dick pick followed by the guy jerking off and me telling them how much I wished I could taste them.
So when Alex and I matched, I had a feeling I was going to get fucked hard. He was hot, tall, 6'2, and he had that shaggy hair and a beard that stated he would be the perfect fuck toy. Not to mention, he was a married man.
I had been raised right, except here I was wanting this married man to fuck me. I wanted him to fuck me in his house, all over his house. The thought of being fucked by a married man in his house made my pussy dripping wet.
We met at bar, so I could get the liquor courage to go through with such a sinful act. I got there first and ordered a double shot of tequila.
"Izzy?" I instantly got wet knowing that this married man was going up fuck me like a dirty little slut tonight.
"Hi. Shot?"
"Sure. Whatever you want."
It didn't take long for Alex o place his hands on my thighs, rubbing it back and forth, each time finding his way closer to my inner thigh and up towards my pussy and it didn't help that I was wearing nothing underneath my pair of thin leggings.
Alex leaned over and whispered, "You're pussy is so wet right now. I can't wait to taste you. I bet you taste sweeter than my wife," as his finger tips quickly brushed my clit.
I glanced around to see if anyone had seen what he had just done; we were in the clear.
I continued to encourage the conversation, "Tell me, what else would you like to do to me?"
"How about I show you?" Alex leaned in and gently touched the back of my ear and then ran his fingers tip down my chest, using his thumbs he quickly rubbed my nipples, and squeezed my boobs. I let out a little sigh.
"Fuck me," I whispered with pleading eyes.
We made it out to his car, but before we got in, he pushed me against the car and forced his tongue down my throat. It was a passionate "I can't wait until my cock is inside your pussy" kiss. But before I knew it, he had pulled down my leggings and was fingering pussy.
"You dirty little slut. You are so wet." I was about to have my first orgasm, when he pulled back, "Not yet."
He was little fucker alright. We got into the car and I pulled off the leggings, and spread my legs showing him my glistening pussy, letting him know how much I wanted to get fuck.
I started rubbing my clit, using the juices from my pussy. Alex leaned over and took one long lick of me quickly before driving to his place. "Baby, you taste so sweet."
And as he drove off, he fucked my pussy with his finger, slowly at first and then faster and hard, the way I knew he would fuck me when he got to his place. I came all over his fingers before we reached his house. Alex licked his fingers, and gave me a sly smirk.
"Damn. You are so sexy." He leaned over and gave me a taste of me pussy.
We were barely through the door, and I was already completely naked. Alex pushed me against the wall and begin cleaning every last drop of my orgasm from the car ride. But I was so wet, and ready to climax again, that his face was drenched in my cum.
"Keeping cum baby. Cum all over my face. You taste so good."
"Better than your wife?"
"Much better. I love the way you just keep cumming," he moaned and then demanded, "Keep cumming."
And as I was about to climax again, Alex did something unexpected. Using my juices, he slowly inserted his index finger into my asshole. I screamed in ecstasy as I came like no tomorrow all over his face.
"That's a good girl." My legs were shaking. I had never experienced an orgasms like that before.
"Fuck me already!" I screamed.
Alex turned me over, licked my pussy and my asshole, and then his hard cock was deep inside my pussy, pounding me hard, just the way I loved to be fuck.
"Baby, your pussy feels so good."
"You like that tight pussy, don't you?"
"Yes. I love your pussy."
"You like that pussy more than your wife's?" I suggested.
"Your pussy is, god damn, your pussy is so much better than my wife's."
I smiled knowing that this married man was enjoying the best fuck of his life, in his home with me.
Alex grabbed my boobs and squeezed them tight, his fingers made my tits all hard, and then he pinched both tits as he continued to pound hard into my wet pussy.
"You little slut," he said knowing that it would make me more wet. "You dirty little slut" and as he said it, he moved me over to his wife's dining table and bent me over it.
I laid my body flat on it, and begin to spread my legs wide for Alex's cock. He thrust this cock into my wet tight pussy and let out a moan.
"You like fucking me on this table?" I asked meekly.
"Baby, you have no idea. Your pussy feels so good around my cock. Keep spreading those legs so I can get deep inside of you," he commanded and I gladly obeyed.
As he pulled my hair and pounded my tight pussy, expanding it with each thrust, I got more wet, ready to come again.
"You hear that baby? Hear how wet your pussy is? Hear how wet it's on my dick?"
"Oh! Fuuuuuuuucccccccccckkkkkkkkk!! Fuck me hard! Pound my fucking pussy! Fuck me Alex! Fuck me the way your wife won't let you! Make me your fucking little dirty slut! Fuuuucccckkkk! I'm cumming!!"
I came all over his hard cock, all over his wife's dining table. Knowing that tomorrow they would eat breakfast and dinner right here, and he would be getting hard thinking about me, made me wet all over again.
I had never been so wet, so dirty in my whole life. He was definitely turning me into his dirty little slut, and all I wanted was for him to continue to fuck me. All over this house, in every crevice of his life with his wife. I wanted him to be reminded of fucking me wherever he looked in this house. I wanted to be his dirty little secret.
"Fuck me in your bed," I demanded.
I wrapped my legs around Alex, making sure his cock was still inside of me, as he carried up to his wife's bedroom.
Early in the day, Alex had sent videos of him fucking his wife. She often whimper and quietly moaned. I had already cum to him fucking her on my bed, as I thought about how this married man wanted to fuck someone who wasn't his wife.
Alex threw me on the bed and began to eat my pussy again. This time though, I wanted to make sure that we were both being pleasured while giving pleasure. I climbed over his body and straddle my pussy over his face, while I began teasing his cock.
I licked the tip of cock all the way down the shaft, cleaning up all of my cum. I began licking and sucking his balls. Alex began to moan. I took all of his cock into my mouth. I love choking on a nice cock and Alex was the perfect size. His ass began to clinch with each deep throat.
"Baby, you suck so good. God. My wife never sucks me like that."
Alex flipped me over and began taking charge of fucking my mouth with his cock. I opened wide, and begged him with my eyes to keep fucking my mouth. He began to fuck my mouth faster and harder and deeper. Tears were starting to stream down my cheeks as Alex's cock continued to choke me.
"You like being my little slut don't you? You like that cock down your throat, don't you? You dirty slut." And the more he called me a slut the more I began to play the part. I nodded and submitted to him.
Alex took his wet-filled saliva cock and began sliding it over my pussy, slapping it against my clit, harder with each slap. Without warning, he rammed his cock into my pussy again. My pussy wrapped itself around his throbbing cock. He pounded my pussy harder and faster, as he rubbed my clit.
"Fuck. I'm going to cum! Rub that clit! Rub my fucking clit."
"That's right baby. Cum all over my cock. Cum for me." My body tensed up, as I came for him again.
"Oh baby! You are so fucking sexy. I'm going to cum." And with that Alex was now pounding my pussy harder and harder.
"Cum for me Alex. Cum!"
Alex let out several moans, and pulled out and exploded all of my tits. I took his cum and spread it across my boobs, and then licked my fingers, enjoying the fruits of my labor.
"Damn Izzy. You are a naughty little slut."
I grinned at him, "Next time, I want you to cum inside my pussy."
Alex smiled as he gave my ass a hard slap. "I can make that happen."
I knew that I was going to be Alex's dirt little slut and secret for a long time.