Vaid Empire: Conquestis a massive fantasy series that aims to mixeroticawith the quality of a published novel. New chapters and artwork are released every month absolutely free, with the completely optional possibility to receive early access. The Series focuses heavily on worldbuilding, story, and characters.
The world of Ayphieal is shattered and chaotic, with kingdoms and tribes of six distinctive races vying for territory amongst themselves. It is only when a young human warrior finally pushes back against the chaos that the world begins to shift towards order.
***



29th of Senin, 9 AVE.
Kingdom of Vaidrin, Domani.
A touch of his lips against her neck was all that was required to feel the power in his blood. Though a mere human, unable to sense the consuming depths of the electric inferno that lay beneath his mortal flesh, she could feel the tingles of electricity against her skin all the same.
One of the first members of his holiness's Order of Sages, Rosila had risen over the years into what many considered to be the de facto leader of The Sages. She had returned to The Capital with two intentions for her little private meeting with The God Emperor, their conversation having brought them to the soft sands of the river's edge.
A brunette of above average height with long flowing hair, she closed her eyes as she savored the sensation of Dominax's touch. His hands caressed her womanly form, holding her noticeably wide hips close to his body.
The first of her intentions was simple: The Order needed a true leader. Not merely the ever-shifting authority of whatever Sage Dominax's favor momentarily fell onto, but a legitimate, legal leader to be officially proclaimed by their ruler. Rosila would be his choice, of course, as she had retained his favoritism longer than any of her associates. It was only logical...
With the sun rising above the horizon, a gentle morning breeze ran over her bare skin as he caressed her curves. Little more than a loincloth concealed her most intimate area, revealing her beauty as the pinnacle of what all Sage's were intended to be. To show off all but the very area that every man craved simply stirred their desire, just as her duties required.
The second of her intentions had easily seized the meeting, her hand reaching down to run over the hardening bulge in his skintight one-suit beneath his armor. "My lord...I know you can sense my ovulating womb...come, assist me in fulfilling its purpose..."
All twelve of the guards that formed a half circle around them already began to spread out, more than accustomed to their ruler's antics. They turned away, facing outwards to meet any potential threat as they listened to Rosila's moans.
Both of her aims would be fulfilled at once, for she had waited since the birth of The Empire to taste his seed once more. Yet this time, rather than a communal insemination amongst her Sage sisters, she'd have him entirely to herself.
"You've performed well, Rosila." He said with an insidious grin as his fingers slipped beneath her loincloth. "It is only right that you be granted another of my holy children."
"Yes, my lord...thank you..." she said, each breath heavy with desire. Just as all of her Sage sisters had, she had birthed him a now nine-year-old daughter that was currently studying to join The Order. She was ready once more, her body craving to be a mother again. She felt his finger slide inside of her wet womanhood, holding herself close to his armored form. "Can you feel it, your holiness? Can you feel how my vaginayearnsto be pregnant?"
Just as eager, he pushed their lips together, slowly guiding her to the soft reddish sand. His freehand worked to free his cock, pushing aside the Turinis strips of his armor that hung from his waist.
She gained her position atop his form, their bodies pressed against each other. She rose with elegant skill to straddle him, her breasts entirely on display for his enjoyment.
"If you desire a child, you had better seize the moment." Dominax teased, his smirk vicious as his erection pressed against her flat belly.
With The God Emperor himself beneath her powerful thighs, she needed no further permission. She raised her hips, only to slowly sink down onto his cock.
A groan echoed over the water as their loins met, a mutual ache of desire only increasing as he slid inside.
"Fu..ck..." she breathed, biting her lip at his size. In her years as a Sage, she had taken more than her fair share of cock, yet only the prestige and size of his royal manhood could ever truly feel right. She was serving her duty, accepting the divine shaft of a living deity.
Her hips slowly began to move as she placed both hands onto his chest plate, holding herself up as her lower half began to fulfill its purpose.
"You're much tighter...ahh...than many of my other Sages..." he groaned, holding her childbearing hips.
There was good reason for that, as she remained overly picky in her lovers, not allowing a single citizen to ejaculate inside of her. She'd sleep with them as required, of course, yet only the sperm of The God Emperor was worthy of siring her children. Her sisters gladly bred with the commoners, intending to produce as many children for The Order as possible when his holiness wasn't available, yet not Rosila.
She'd complete her duties, pleasing the population, spreading his teachings, and enforcing his laws by frequently acting as a judge when necessary. Yet her womb was his, and his alone.
Her hips moved with the skill of an experienced lover, her body trained by The Order. She knew how to pleasure a cock, assessing every intimate movement of his body to adapt and react. She sped up, slowed down, and positioned herself atop his waist to ensure that she pleased him as much as possible.
Dominax reached up to caress her long hair, speaking through teeth gritted in utter enjoyment. "What a spectacle...ahhh...I've created, women truly capable of...ahhh...life's ecstasies..."
Her feminine body moved like a belly dancer in rhythm with her thrusts, sliding up and down his shaft.
"You Sages have always been...ahhh...my favorites..." he said, his hand caressing its way down her abdomen. Her womb was just beneath, fertile and ready to mate.
"The Sages...ahhh...need a leader...my lord..." she moaned, desperately clinging to her other aim. She had briefly spoken of the issues that a lack of leadership had inflicted upon The Order, though the conversation had turned...intimate.
"And you'd see yourself...ahhh...become that leader, yes?" He asked with a humorless chuckle. "Don't deny it...my sweet Sage, for I...ahhh...see the ambition in your eyes..."
His speculation deepened her already blushing cheeks, for he had struck directly at her inner thoughts. "My lord...I-"
"Quiet." He said, his hand sliding to explore her breast as the other remained firmly on her hip. "Enjoy the moment...for everything is already...ahh...in place..."
Her womanhood throbbed with each movement, penetrated as deeply as possible. How many little peasant cocks had she taken in service to The Empire, enjoying only a rare few that could properly hit her limit like Dominax? "I...ooohhh...thank The Creator..." she moaned, her eyes briefly rolling upwards. "I...don't understand, my lord..."
"No...but then none of you do." He said, lightly pinching her nipple. "As in all things...only my seed shall reap...ahhh...the rewards of my efforts..."
The hint of an opportunity cut through the fog of bliss consuming her mind. "We...I have a daughter, my lord...ahhhhh...a daughter sired after The Empire's ascension. She...ahhh...is of your blood..."
Dominax waved a dismissive hand, returning both to her hips. "That is not the daughter...I had in mind..."
She lowered herself further, placing each of her hands beside his head onto the sand. Her eyes gazed into his as her hips continued to rock, switching to slower yet harder movements. "Who...your holiness...would you select?"
His insidious grin spread further, both hands shifting to caress her firm rear. "No less than a full Vaid..." he moaned. "None other than Princess Vixin."
Her surprise did nothing to stop her motion, their loins sliding in and out of each other with a passionate rhythm. She felt so utterly close to him...so near her goal of a new baby. "She...is tooyoung...my lord, is she not...?"
"Indeed..." he said, his grip upon her asscheeks tightening at the mention of his daughter. "Yet her training has...ahhh...progressed without issue. It is her RIGHT to hold such a responsibility...and in no more than four years she shall have it..."
"Four years..." she whispered, once more biting her lip to contain her pleasure. In four years she'd be usurped, losing her only shaky claim to power to what was now a mere teenager.
Dominax's grin eased somewhat, viewing the concern in Rosila's eyes. "It is a...ahhh...difficult matter to swallow, to lose a position you were never granted. Yet you shall do so...my sweet Sage.Ahhh...after all, never forget who made you who you are..."
Rosila's mind spun, working to assess the full extent of his words. She wasn't truly the leader of The Sages, at least not officially. Yet could she stand by as a spoiled princess claimed what should be hers?
A chuckle seeped from his lips as he spanked her, feeling her tense around his shaft. "Fear not...for there is a place for you as well. Vixin...ahhh...shall need advisors, support, and most importantly training. She is my apprentice...in all things regarding her powers...yet she shall need to learn your Sage ways..."
The prospect snapped her from her thoughts, and she peered directly into Dominax's silver gaze. "She shall need...ahhh...a mentor..."
In response he nodded. "Correct. Someone must teach her when the time comes...a person prepared to train her tofuckas you do..." he said, grabbing her hair and pulling her closer. "She must learn your arts of seduction...to speak to the people in the way you do. She must understand our laws...ahhh...and judge those who break them. Are you prepared for such a task? Or...shall I find another better suited?"
With her hair in his grasp she groaned, a deep feminine urge tearing through her body as she wanted only to submit to him. Was that her purpose then, to mentor rather than lead? The desire for the position had primarily been a way to better serve the man and Empire she had devoted her life to. If he wished for her to train his precious daughter, what could she possibly do to better serve?
Rosila pressed her lips into his, their hips moving against each other in shallow thrusts. She basked in his taste, before pulling away and moving to his ear. "Of course...my lord, I am yours...the girl shall be trainedwell..."
Satisfied, Dominax whispered into her ear in return. "Good...then I shall reward your womb..."
Before she could react, he quickly overpowered her by rolling the pair over. Then, as she remained pinned under him, he rose up to kneel between her legs.
She could only release a surprised laugh as he hauled her legs upwards, utilizing her flexibility to once more pin her beneath him with her legs pressed to her chest.
He wasted no time, their loins never separating as he began to buck his hips wildly. Over and over, he slammed his cock hard into her soaking vagina, fueled by nothing more than the urge to knock her up.
Thrilled by his forceful thrusts she cried out with enjoyment, her burning pussy desperate to be filled. She could do little more than wrap her arms behind his neck, holding him as tightly as possible as he made rough love to her snug tunnel.
"My lord...ooohhhh yesss..." she moaned loudly, easily drowning out the faint noise of the nearby docks as workers continued their efforts in building ships for the coming invasion. "Make me pregnant...PLEASE...get me pregnant..."
Repeatedly he slammed into her, his cock feeling as though it would erupt. He gritted his teeth, the steel sections of his Turinis belt jingling with each thrust.
"Ooooohhhh...please...cum inside..." she groaned, her eyes rolling upwards. "I'm ovulating for you...for your seed..."
Neither of the pair granted any attention to the Hesian Assassin as she approached, briefly observing their intense love making before handing the nearest guard a message cylinder and departing quietly.
Their hips pounded together, sending wet echoes over the nearby water as they approached their mutual limits. She felt entirely under his control, knowing full well that she would not be released until her womanhood submitted to his life-giving sperm.
She felt their loins slam together for a final time, unable to contain the submissive cry that ripped passed her lips as his warm spurts of cum claimed her fertile body.
He groaned deeply, emptying his balls into his mate. Her beauty, her skill, each would combine with his blood to make their child.
They lay quivering on the shore, holding tightly to each other before he finally rolled off of her. Only when he had fully caught his breath did he sit up, looking down upon her dripping vagina to appreciate the outcome of his labor.
A moment later he stood, dusting the sand from his cloak as he approached the guard with an expecting hand. The sole female of the group, the warrior bowed her head with a heavy blush as she passed him the cylinder.
"My lord..." Rosila weakly muttered from the ground, her well used body limp in bliss. "T...thank...you..."
"Both of you," was his only response, gesturing to the nearest guards. "You'll escort her to her lodgings."
Rosila smiled to herself at just how quickly he could return to business, though she struggled onto shaky legs to grant him a final kiss.
Dominax merely granted her a nod as she was slowly led away, for this would be FAR from their last encounter. With Rosila instructing Vixin in the teachings of The Sages, he would keep herveryclose.
Yet duty required his attention, and as he looked down at the cylinder, he was pleasantly surprised to discover the royal seal of his Concubine Empress.
The last remnants of sand fell away as he began to read, though the message came in only two simple words.
"It's time."
***
Little of Dominax's present surroundings infiltrated his awareness as he swiftly made his way through The Grand Pyramid, navigating its countless halls almost automatically. His entire attention lay squarely on the future, for The Empire would finally have a true heir.
Reaching the latest level of chambers to be completed as construction wore on, he pushed his way past the many guards that surrounded the door to the royal couple's temporary quarters.
Immediately he was greeted by the sight of Irith, her beauty concealed beneath a nearly transparent shroud of extraordinarily fine chimira silk as she lay on her back. A team of female healers surrounded their mistress, guiding her through a birth that had seemingly just begun.
"You came...my love." Irith said between pained moans, reaching out for him. He grasped her delicate hand in his as he moved to the side of the bed, knowing full well that even had she known his previous antics with Rosila, she'd make no complaint. She'd birth his children, while he fulfilled his duty siring others.
"Everything is proceeding well, your holiness." The senior healer said in a quiet voice. No doubt she'd be keenly aware that the late Xenia had fulfilled her role during Irith's previous birth, and as such, expectations were high.
Dominax felt little in terms of fear, however, for Irith already seemed to be performing better than during their daughter's birth. Her body had obviously become more experienced following the birth of Nafalya, as was expected. Yet had it not been for Dorian's so called 'gene alterations' of the original ten thousand humans on Ayphieal, every birth would have been more than enough to put him a little on edge.
The door opened once more soon after, and all three daughters of The God Emperor entered. Whether they had come from their own interest, or were simply obeying their father's command was irrelevant, for they all obediently surrounded the bed to observe.
Nafalya grabbed her mother's other hand in support, while Cendra did her best to refrain from glaring at Vixin.
The royal family watched as the birth progressed, while Dominax turned to address his daughters.
"Take heed of this sight, my flowers, for one day each of you shall find yourselves in this position." Dominax explained firmly. With Vixin closest to him, she blushed as he placed his hand on her bare midriff to cement his point. "Your bellies shall swell with royal offspring, and on that day you shall further our divine bloodline. Such is the duty that falls upon our dynasty, for we shall grant this world the blood of valuable beings."
They nodded in understanding, though Cendra straightened up. "Shall we be permitted to choose our...mates, father?"
Dominax frowned, and Vixin felt her skin tingle with anticipation as his fingers left her toned belly. "In short, yes, to some extent. Upon reaching civilized maturity you may spend your nights with whomever you wish, and you may produce any number of children that you desire. You may even be expected to, for I cannot be the only one to produce gifted offspring for our citizens. Yet the children that shall be fully Vaidimated can ONLY be sired by men ofmychoosing. The next generation of House Vaid is under my guidance, and I shall NOT allow an upstart to wriggle their way into positions they do not belong in. Is that clear?"
Nafalya merely shrugged in indifference, while Cendra hesitantly nodded. "Yes, father. I understand."
Their collective attention soon returned to Irith, and Vixin couldn't help but feel out of place. She was watching the woman who both she and Xenia had laid plans to assassinate, leaving her alone with bitter irony as she observed the very birth that her mother had died attempting to prevent. It was impossible to know what she should feel, yet in the end she found herself pressing closer to Dominax for support. If there was ANY future for her now, it was the overbearing dominance of her father that would drag her from the fragile position she now stood upon into the next.
Minute after minute slipped away, and Dominax touched the minds of his unborn twins. He sensed their panic, a feeling of fear mixed with eagerness. The female was slowly being pushed into position, beginning to make her way through the beginning of the birth canal.
Irith screamed, and within several long moments the fourth daughter of The God Emperor slipped from her loins. Dominax immediately took her into his arms, gazing down upon her crying face.
He could sense...a trickle of his power, far less than any of her elder sisters. It was only the oddity of her power that prevented his utter disappointment, for the small amount of power that he could truly feel simply felt...off.
"Interesting." He muttered to himself, momentarily forgetting his surroundings. There was no doubt of her paternity, for he sensed his blood coursing through her veins as strongly as any of his other children, yet the way she utilized her abilities felt...strange.
"Is there a problem, father?" Nafalya's sweet voice came from the opposite side of the bed, allowing him to feel the spike of worry that filled her young body.
"Ah. Of course not." He said sternly, slowly handing the newborn to the princess. It would only be right for Nafalya to hold her first as her full sibling. "This one shall hereby be known as Zela."
"The second twin is coming, my lord!" The senior healer announced, and Irith hardly had a moment more to rest before she began to push.
There was an instant before the next intended God Emperor emerged onto Magnius, a moment before the legacy of their divine ruler could truly be sealed. To prosperity or destruction, he'd one day be forced to lead them all, a burden that the tiny infant could never have comprehend.
Then, with a final push, for good or terrible, the fate of The Empire emerged from his mother's aching womanhood.
A cry ripped from the young boy's lungs as he took his first breaths, lifted by the healer's hands to be placed into his father's arms. Dominax peered down at him as if he were a judging God, his silver eyes subtly glowing.
It took little effort to sense the immense power beneath the child's physical form, creating an insidious grin that crept across Dominax's face. Finally, after fourteen years of rule, he claimed an heir worthy of his blood.
Slowly he lifted the screaming boy for all in the room to see, hoisting him above his head.
"After all this time...gaze upon Prince Arinax of House Vaid, heir to the throne of The Vaid Empire!"