Author's note: You'll need to read Chapters 6, 7, and 8 for this to really make sense.
Katherine was stumbling to the elevator after enjoying her salmon and Long Island iced tea. It was the second alcoholic drink she'd had in her life. It was also the second alcoholic drink she'd had on this trip. The problem was she didn't know it was an alcoholic drink. She was trying to wash away the image in her head of Jenny and I naked and fucking in her hotel room.
I really like that tea!she thought to herself as she stumbled towards the elevator. Just as the elevator arrived, she recalled why she was eating alone.That bitch! That son of a bitch!There was no way she was going back to the room just to watch them act like animals.But where can I go?Then it dawned on her.Mark's not in his room. Matt's a nice guy. I'm sure he won't mind if I sleep in Mark's bed tonight.
Just as Katherine was entering the elevator, Jenny was rolling her beautiful, naked, sweaty body out of the bed. "I'm going to take a shower. Then I'll let you take me out to dinner."
"How nice of you," I chuckled. "Need any help?"
"Noooooo," she giggled from the bathroom. "Maybe after dinner."
Katherine, even in her fog, remembered my hotel room number. She heard the TV and banged on the door. The TV went silent. A few moments later there was rustling on the other side of the door.
"Who...who is it?" came Matt's timid voice.
"It's-s-s Katherine, Mr. James. May...may I come in, please?" she slurred slightly.
"Oh! Uh, yeah, sure!" Two clicks of the locks later, the door swung open. Matt was standing there in sweat pants and a t-shirt. "C-c-come on in. Why...what's going on?"
"Thank you," she said as she slid past. In drunken bluntness she said, "Mr. Alan is in my room having anal intercourse with Jenny."
Matt's eyes flew open and his jaw dropped. The image flashed before his eyes. "Oh!"
"I was hoping, since Mr. Alan isn't using his-s-s bed, you would allow me to sleep here (hiccup) tonight."
"Oh! Uh, yeah, sure."
Katherine stepped into the room and sat at the edge of the bed that was still pristine, assuming correctly the other bed was Matt's.
"Mr. Alan is a real son of a bitch, do you know that? And Jenny's a s-s-slut."
"Oh. Yeah, well, uh..." His voice trailed off.He says you're a real bitch, too, but you've got a great rack and give great headhe thought to himself.
Katherine looked at the flickering screen of the TV. "I'm sorry if I interrupted (hiccup) your TV program. What is it you're watching?"
"Oh, uh, um, yeah, uh, oh yeah! PBS. Yeah, that's it. PBS." He'd been watching the free porn channel.
"Oh! I love PBS! They have such wonderful, (hiccup) wholesome programming. We...we donate quite often. Do you, Mr. (hiccup) Mr. James? Do you donate?"
"Oh! Uh, yeah, sure. Of course!" he lied as he fell back onto his bed.
She noticed the bulge in his pants.What is it with these primates?! Can't they control themselves?! I hope he doesn't try anything!"I'm exceptionally tired. Would it be alright with you if I went to bed? In this bed. Mmmmm, alone."
"No, not at all. Do you mind if I keep watching TV?"
"Please do! I've interrupted (hiccup) enough. If you could keep the sound down, though, I would appreciate it."
She stumbled to the bathroom to freshen up at least a little before going to bed. Then it hit her. All of her things were in her room, including her pajamas. She found her thong tucked away in her clutch.My bra! What did I do with my bra?! I must have left it in the bathroom in my rush to get to the presentation!She certainly wasn't going to sleep in the clothes she'd been wearing all day.
She wrapped herself in the tiny, rough hotel towel and walked into the room. Matt's eyes bugged out. He was hoping for a drunken clothing malfunction and the towel would accidentally slip from her hands. But it wasn't to be. Katherine crawled onto the bed and pulled the covers over her. Suddenly, the white towel appeared from under the blankets and dropped to the floor.
"Good night, Mr. James. Thank you, again."
"You're welcome, Katherine. Good night."
After two nights of less than three hours of sleep either night, not to mention being in an alcoholic fog, Katherine fell asleep almost immediately.
After enjoying a lovely dinner, and Jenny jerking me off under the table, we went back to the hotel. I walked Jenny to her room. But instead of walking in with her, I stayed in the hallway.
"Aren't you coming in?" she asked with a quizzical look.
"As much as I want to, I'd better not. Katherine's really pissed and we still have to work with her. You're probably gonna have to sweet talk her into not reporting us to HR as it is."
"Awwwww," she said as she took my hand. "You're probably right." She pulled me in close and gave me a long, passionate kiss. "I guess I'll just have masturbate thinking about that big cock of yours instead of fucking it tonight," she said with a twinkle in her eye.
I laughed. "Think of another surprise. I really liked the one today."
She gasped. "Oooo! I will!" We kissed again. I pulled away and walked towards the elevator. "G'nite," she said quietly before closing the door.
When I let myself into my hotel, Matt was laying on his bed. The light of the TV gave the room an eerie glow.
Matt sat bolt upright in his bed. "Mark!"
"Hey Matt."
"You, uh...I...we...I, uh, didn't think you were going to be here tonight."
"We?" He nodded to my bed. My eyes adjusted to the dark bump on my bed. The bed I hadn't slept in since we got here. Then I saw the blonde hair. "Oh shit! Ha ha ha! Is that Katherine?"
"Uh, yeah. I think she'd been drinking. Boy oh boy, is she mad at you and Jenny!"
"Ha ha! Yeah, I'll bet. Drinking, huh?" Matt nodded his head. I grabbed a thick bump at the end of the bed. It was her leg. "Katherine. Katherine." I walked to the side of the bed and shook her shoulder. "Katherine. Hey, Katherine." She gave an almost silent groan. "Ha ha! Oh shit! Ha ha!"
"Is she alive?!" Matt asked quite seriously.
"Oh yeah, she's alive."This is too good to just let pass by. Hmmmmm. Oh no! Ha! Should I risk it? Sure, what the hell?!"Okay, Matt, I'm gonna do something here. If anybody asks, you didn't see anything. Got it?"
"Uh, yeah, sure. Okay."
I pulled back the covers, exposing Katherine's naked body. She was flat on her back. The air left Matt's body judging by the long gasp. I gently grabbed one of the tits that I love so much. No reaction. I tweaked her sleeping nipples. They began to rise from the dead. I saw Matt watching intently.
"C'mere, Matt. Wanna cop a feel?"
Any gasp. "A-a-are you sure?"
I grabbed her again. Nothing. "I think you're safe."
He walked to the side of the bed. I noticed the tent he was pitching in his pants.I'll bet he's about to cream his shortsI thought to myself. He timidly reached out and cupped her breast. Then squeezed. Then caressed and squeezed.
"Wow. Oh wow," he moaned.
"She's got great fuckin' tits, doesn't she?"
"Oh yeah. O-o-oh yeah. Wow."
"Let's try this," I said. "Spread her legs apart. Gently!"
Matt went to the end of the bed and did as requested. Her perfect, pink pussy was staring him in the face. "Wow. Uh, oh wow."
I reached down and lightly touched her sleeping clit. She barely moaned. I rubbed it a little more. It started to rise but her moan stayed the same. I chuckled and looked at Matt. He was totally mesmerized. I started to rub and flick a little more aggressively. The moisture started to build along with her moans. More rubbing, more moaning. I finally leaned over the bed and flicked at it with my tongue. She gave a sharp moan.
"What if she wakes up?" Matt asked almost in a panic.
"If she was gonna wake up, she'd have done it by now."I wonder what she's dreaming about. Is she dreaming about me? My cock?
I started to flick and suck her raised bean. It was quivering at my touch. I took it in my lips and sucked. I gave it several long, strong licks. It felt like a tuning fork on my tongue. Her head tilted back into the pillow while she lightly moaned. Her body tensed.Ha ha! She's cumming in her sleep! Ha ha!I continued to flick at her button until her body finally settled back into the bed.
"That...that...that was amazing!" Matt said in awe while he rubbed his bulge.
"Ha! If you liked that, you're gonna love this."
I gently pulled her to the side of the bed and turned her head. I unzipped my pants and released the beast. Matt's jaw dropped. I grabbed the shaft and leaned forward slightly until the tip was touching her lips. I slowly slid it up and down her lips. She licked her lips, swiping it under my rod. I slid it along her lips some more. She licked her lips again. I pushed it against her lips. Her mind subconsciously followed the physical hints and opened her mouth.
Matt gasped when I slid the swollen tip of my pole between her lips. I held her head steady and slipped two more inches in.
"Fuckin' cunt," I whispered.
I slowly began to rock my hips, being careful to only pump in a few inches at a time. I didn't want to stuff it down her throat and make her gag.
She began to quietly hum while I raked my head across her tongue. Jenny had me primed when I left her at the door. Being able to take advantage of Katherine was the finisher.
I pulled away from her face, hovered my hose over her perky tits, and stroked like a fiend. "I'm gonna cover those fuckin' tits in cum! I'm gonna paint those motherfuckers with my cum! Uh huh! Mmmm hmmm! Oh yeah! Fuck!"
A white rope shot out and crashed into the tit furthest from me. It splattered across its side and fell into her cleavage. A second and third rope spurted out, one falling directly into her cleavage, the other landing directly on top of the mound closest to me, covering the pink nipple in white and spreading across the top. My body shivered while I continued to stroke, coaxing several small drops to fall onto her chest. I finally stopped and shook my wand at her, sending small droplets up her across her cheek and into her hair.
I backed away panting. "Fuckin' cunt." I nodded at Matt. "Wanna take a crack at her?"
"S-s-seriously?!"
"Sure. Why not?"He shouldn't last more than a couple of seconds anyway.
Matt slinked to the side of the bed until he stood where I had been standing. He dropped his pants, revealing a absolutely pedestrian size pud.
"Don't shove it down her throat! And don't cum in her mouth! We don't wanna kill her," I said as he started to lean forward.
He nodded his head. "Yeah, okay."
He mimicked my movements. He nervously rubbed his tip along her lips. She opened her mouth much quicker than she did with me. He slipped past her soft lips.
His body shivered. "Oh! Oh-h-h-h my God!" His hips pumped five times. "Oh God! Oh God!"
"Pull out, dude! Pull out!" I yelled excitedly.
He yanked his throbbing muscle out just in time. It was like watching something in a porn flick. A huge gush of thick, creamy spunk shot out of his body. It rushed across her cheek and coated her hair as he waved it down her body. A second geyser went off, following his movement down her sternum and crashing across both breasts. He kept pumping and it kept spewing. By the time he was done, her chest was coated in thick, sticky cum.
"Fuck, man, nice job. You must've been saving that one up!"
"Yeah, uh, thanks," he said almost embarrassed.
We stood there for a moment admiring our handiwork.
I scratched my chin. "Well, we should probably get her out of here. If she wakes up in here like that, she's gonna be pisssssssed."
"Oh! Right! But where?"
"I'll take her back to her room. Let Jenny deal with it. Ha ha!"
I lifted her tiny but chesty body out of bed and cradled her in my arms. Matt threw her translucent shirt and tight black skirt over her. The shirt immediately stuck to her body. Matt opened the door, walked with me to the elevator, and pressed the button for Jenny's floor, hoping no one saw us.
I banged on Jenny's hotel room door with my foot.
"Hang on! Hang on!" came the annoyed voice inside. "Who is it?!"
"It's me, Mark," I replied just loud enough for her to hear.
The door swung open. Jenny was wearing a long t-shirt. "Changed your mind, huh...what the fuck?!"
I walked through the door and walked across the room. "She wound up in our room. Apparently she had a little too much to drink and passed out in my bed."
"Yeah, but what the fuck?! What the hell is that all over her?! Is that what I think it is?" she asked as I lay Katherine on her bed.
I turned back to face her. "Matt had his way with her."
"He did WHAT?! You've got to be fuckin' kidding me!"
I snickered. "No no, he didn't. He said she showed up there like this."
Jenny smiled. "Fucking liar."
"Okay, here's the story. She was drunk and brought two dudes back here from the restaurant. They had their way with her. You found her here like that."
Jenny chuckled. "You're fucking kidding me."
"That's the story."
Jenny shrugged her shoulders. "Okayyyy. Man, she's gonna be pissssed in the morning!"
"Ha! I know. Why do you think I brought her here?"
"Gee, thanks. Fucker."
I walked over to her and took her in my arms. We enjoyed a long, wet kiss. I leaned back and looked into her eyes with a crooked smile. "Ya knowwwww..."
She smiled back. "Change your mind?"
"Wellllll, listen..." I paused. "That threesome we had last night was hot as fuck, right?"
She nodded her head. "Mmmm hmmmmm."
"How would you like to have another one?"
She batted her eyes. "With who? Her? She's in no condition for a repeat performance."
She didn't say no.I laughed. "Ha! No, not her. She's had enough. No, actually, I was thinking (ahem) Matt."
Her eyes flew open. "Matt?! Matt James? Like, your roommate Matt?"
I nodded my head. "You'd probably only have to give him a blowjob and he'd be done."
She gave me a sideways glance. "'Only', huh? Easy for you to say. I assume you're going to give him a blowjob, too, if it's 'only' a blowjob, right?"
I realized my faux pas. "C'mon, you know what I mean."
She laughed at how awkward I suddenly became. "Yes, I know what you mean." She thought about it. "Hmmmmm, I s'pose that could be fun. Sure, what the hell? If it means you'll fuck me with that fat cock of yours tonight, I'm in. Think he can keep his mouth shut around the office?"
"He will if I ask him to."
Matt was startled when I walked back into the hotel room. Not so much that I came back, but that I came back with a guest.
Jenny waived at Matt. "Hey, Matt!" She was still wearing her long t-shirt and had added a pair of sweat pants.
"Oh, yeah, hey, uh, Jenny," he replied nervously, hoping she didn't notice his newly formed boner from the porn he'd been watching - again - which she had, of course.
"Hey, bud, do you mind if Jenny spends the night tonight?" I asked nonchalantly as I pulled her into the room.
"Uh, no, sure, that's cool, I guess."
"Cool. I'll be right back," I said as I walked into the bathroom.
"So, whatcha watchin' there, Matt?" Jenny asked with a knowing smile.
"Oh, uh, PBS," he replied meekly as he did with Katherine earlier. He'd been watching porn again. And she knew it.
She nodded. "Mmm hmmm, yeah, good stuff."
The words were barely out of her mouth before Jenny and I had fallen onto the bed and were in a lip lock while we pawed at each other. Matt lost interest in what was on TV because the performance in the bed next to him was much more appealing. His eyes widened when her t-shirt came over her head and was tossed to the floor. He watched intently while she literally ripped the buttons on my shirt off and peeled it off my shoulders, revealing my toned abs and chest. He stared while she slid down my body and off the bed, tugging at my belt and zipper. I lifted off the bed so she could yank my pants and boxers down my legs and onto the floor. My python was free and pointing straight up to the sky.
She reached up and grabbed the thick shaft. She licked her lips without even thinking about it while she slowly stroked it.
"Goddamn, you've got a beautiful cock," she purred while she stared at it.
She moved in quickly and licked it from balls to tip twice like a popsicle. I groaned when she unexpectedly sucked my sack into her mouth and rolled it around like marbles. She ran her tongue up the underside again, flicked her tongue at its eye, then gobbled my meat up like a turkey at Thanksgiving.
"Oh fuuuuuuck," I moaned while her face slid down my pole. Matt's mouth flew open when she swallowed me whole and her throat elongated to take the shape of my thick rod.
Matt rubbed his boner through his pants while I bucked my hips into Jenny's face. She slurped and gurgled with each dive into her throat. Soon she was moaning at the touch of her own hand inside her pants while her other hand molested her firm 34s and pointed nipples. She had forgotten all about her audience of one.
"Goddamn, you're a great cocksucker," I groaned with my hands on the back of her head.
"Mmmmmhmmm," she hummed with twinkling eyes.
It wasn't long before her throat had me ready to explode. "Oh fuck! You're gonna make me cum! Oh fuck!"
She sped up the speed of her bobbing. The strong strokes of her hand followed her lips, essentially giving me a handjob and a blowjob at the same time.
I pressed hard on the back of her head. "Oh yeah! That's right! Swallow my cum, you little bitch! C'mon, that's right! Oh yeah! Cumming! Cumming! Ggggaaaaa!"
She felt me throb in her throat. She felt the warm, thick spunk shoot down her throat. She sucked on the head and stroked the shaft hard and fast. When she was satisfied she had taken my load, she took me out of her mouth with a "pop" and licked my shaft.
She raised her head from between my legs and smiled at me laying back on the bed. She swiped her finger across her lips and stuck a droplet of cum between them, sucking it dry. "Mmmm, nummy," she whirred. She proceeded to stand up and grabbed the waistband of her sweatpants. Matt's mouth flew open when her pants hit the floor, revealing a swollen pink pussy with a heart shaped pack of fuzz above it. She straddled my body and worked her way up the bed. "Now it's your turn," she smiled. She lowered herself onto my face. She gasped at the first swat of my tongue to her angry bean. "Fuck!"
She placed her hands against the wall and started to grind into my face. I lapped at her slit and kernel like a thirsty dog at a water bowl while my hands roughly molested her tits. Matt was mesmerized by the whole scene, taking mental notes the entire time.
Jenny had worked herself into quite a frenzy before she climbed onto my face. It wasn't long before her hips were shoving my head into the mattress.
"Oh yeah! Oh fuck yeah! Ohmagawd! That's it! Lick my pussy, you son of a bitch! Lick my pussy! Oh fuck!" she groaned into the wall, surely announcing to the neighbors what she wanted. I swatted hard tongue at her quivering bean. It wasn't long until her body quivered, as well. "Oh fuck! Oh fuck! Oh FUCK! I'm gonna cum! I'm gonna cum on your fucking face! Oh yeah! Mmm hmmm! Oh yeah! Yes! Yes! Fuuuuuuuuuck!"
Her groin rubbed on my face so hard I was afraid I was going to lose my nose. She moaned and cursed while she rocked her hips. The neighbors surely knew she had climaxed.
She finally ceased her abuse of my face and lifted off it. She rolled over onto the bed and panted, "Holy fuck."
I lifted myself off the bed. "You're not done yet. You know that, right?" I asked with a wicked smile.
She looked down only to see my missile pointed in her direction. "Oh shit!" she moaned. "You're hard again already?"
I nodded. "I took a little helper."
Her eyes widened. "Oh shit! Did you take one of those little blue pills?!" I nodded. "Oh-ho-ho shit! Ha ha ha! I'm in for a long night, aren't I?"
I nodded as I climbed between her legs and over her. "Mmmm hmmm. Averylong night."
"Ha ha ha! Oh shit! Ha ha ha!" She stopped laughing. "Why the fuck did you even bring something like that?!"
I shrugged my shoulders. "Hey, you never know." We both laughed at the comment. I lifted her long, sexy legs over my shoulders and held my rod steady. I leaned forward. We both moaned when my swollen head slipped through her velvety lips. Her cunt muscles were still spasming from her recent orgasm. She barked when my balls slapped against her ass the first time. "Jesus Christ your cunt is tight!"
Her claws raked across my back. "Oh my God! Fuck me with that fat fucking cock! Oh my fucking God! Fuck!"
She groped her own chest while I pummeled her gash. Matt watched me grab her thighs tight and throw my hips forward as hard as I could, stroking himself through his pants all the while as the flickering light of the TV flashed across our glistening bodies.
Jenny's fingernails dug into my back. "Ohmagawd! You're gonna make me fuckin' cum again! Oh my God! Oh my God! Oh my gggggaaaaaaa!" Her eyes closed and her back arched while a stampede of lightning thundered through her body. "Oh God! Oh God! Oh fuck! Oh God! Oh fuuuuuuuck!" She moaned and groaned until she could hardly breath. She finally pushed on my chest. "Oh shit! Oh fuck! Stop! Stop! Oh fuck, stop! Stop stop stop!"
I finally released her legs and pulled away. Her legs fell to the bed and her hands wrapped around her stomach. Her fabulous chest heaved, sucking in as much air as possible.
"Oh ma gawd," she panted.
I slapped her hip. "C'mon, roll over."
"Oh fuck! Are you kidding me? C'mon, let me catch my breath."
I slapped her hip again. "Ha! C'mon, let's go. No rest for the wicked."
"Oh my God," she panted as she lifted herself up. She landed on all fours and turned to me. She watched my rock hard rod move in close. "Oh fuck! Fuck...fuck my ass. Oh fuck! Fuck my ass! Give my pussy a rest!"
I smiled back at her. "That was my plan," I said in an evil tone.
My glistening tool touched her rosebud. A shiver raced up her spine. "Fuck," she moaned.
I pressed forward. Her slick back door started to open. I pressed more. Suddenly, the fat head of my hammer slipped past her sphincter. I was balls deep with surprising ease.
"Oh! Fuck my life!" she cried out.
"Fuuuuuuuck," I moaned while I paused.
I grabbed her hips. I slowly pulled back, then slowly pushed forward until I was balls deep again. "Oh God," she whimpered.
I pulled back again, this time shoving forwards a little harder. A little faster. Soon I had a tight grip on her hips and was pumping away at her back door.
"Oh my fucking God!" she howled. "You're so fucking big! Holy shit!"
"I'm gonna fuck your shit like I own it," I growled.
"Yes! Yes! Fuck my ass like you own it!"
By now, Matt had his pud fully exposed and was tugging on it like a mad man. I temporarily slowed my assault on Jenny's luscious backside.
"Hey, dude, how would you like a blowjob? How would you like a blowjob from Jenny while I fuck her ass?" I asked.
His eyebrows nearly flew off his head. "What?!" His eyes bounced from my face to Jenny's face. "Seriously? R-r-really?"
Jenny nodded her head. "Mmmm hmmmm. I love sucking on a big, fat cock when I'm getting fucked in my ass," she purred. Matt didn't have a "big, fat cock". He had anything but that. But Jenny had the mouth of a hooker on her in more ways than one.
"Yeah! Y-y-yeah, sure!" Matt jumped off his bed as if it had launched him off. In a flash, he was standing in front of Jenny, his stick inches from her face. Before he knew it, Jenny had taken him in balls deep. "Oh! Oh my gosh! Oh God!"
Jenny felt him violently throbbing in her mouth.This won't take longshe thought.
Without a word of warning, I pulled back and slammed forward. Jenny gave a muffled squeal. Matt barked a loud grunt. With that, each thrust of my hips drove Matt's prod deeper into Jenny's face. The room soon smelled like sex and sweat.
"I'm gonna fuck this slut's ass until she can't walk tomorrow," I growled to Matt as sweat fell off my face onto Jenny's heart shaped ass. "I want you to fuck her face like you would a whore's cunt."
"Yes! Yes! I-I-I...o-o-okay!" He moaned, unable to form a complete sentence. It was almost comical to watch him, like he was scared to touch her. He had his hands on his hips, not on the back of her head like I would normally expect to see. He kept his eyes closed and bit his lip the entire time.
"Mmmmmhmmm! Mmmmhmmm!" Jenny whirred while her body rocked back and forth.
It wasn't long before Matt had reached his point of no return.
"Oh Gosh! Oh Gosh! I...I...oh God!" he said almost in a panic.
"That's it, buddy! Fill this bitch's throat with your cum!"
"Mmmmmhmmm! Mmmmmhmmmm!"
"Oh God! Oh God! Oh ggggaaaaaaaa!"
His body broke out into tremors. Jenny felt his warm, salty jizz begin to fill her mouth. Judging by the volume he was dumping, she would never have guessed he had just pumped a load all over Katherine an hour ago.
Jesus Christ! This little fucker needs to jerk off more often! I can't keep up with it all!she thought to herself. Watery streams of milky white began to flow out of her lips, falling down the side of the bed and onto the floor.
"That a boy! Fuck yeah!" I complimented him while I continued to stretch her ass wide.
The throbbing in her mouth finally ceased. Matt pulled away from her. A mass of overflow cum fell from her mouth and down her chin.
"Oh my gosh. That...that...that was incredible," Matt sighed as he fell back onto his bed.
Jenny turned back to me. She looked over her shoulder while cum dripped off her face. "Come on, you fat cocked bastard! Now it's your turn! Cum for me! Show me how that fat cock cums!"
"Is that what you want?! Is that really what you want?!" I questioned, already knowing the answer.
"Hell yeah I do! Come on, do it!"
I pulled out of her ass and squeezed my pounding pole. "Flip over! Flip the fuck over!"
Like an acrobat, Jenny lifted her long leg over my head and landed on her back. She looked at me with those fuck-me eyes and massaged her 34 inch chest. I started to stoke my meat hard and fast.
"Oooo yeah, come on, baby. Do it. Give it to me," she cooed.
I moved in as far as I could. My hose hovered over her taut stomach. My hips jerked. "Fuck! Fuck! Fuuuuuuck!"
I thick rope shot out and landed in her cleavage.
"Ooooo yeah! Oh fuck yeah!" Jenny yelled with excitement at the sight.
My body jerked when two more smaller ropes spurted out, landing below her hands onto her ribcage. Smaller drops of goop dripped out just above her heart shaped patch of fur while I squeezed every last drop onto her incredible body.
I fell back onto the bed and landed on my back. My rocket was still stiff as a board and pointing at the sky. "Fuck me," I panted.
Jenny stayed on her back. She wasn't wearing anything but a huge smile and several loads of cum, which she was swirling around over her fleshy globes and spreading across her flat stomach. "Fuck yeah," murmured.
Matt was flat on his back on his bed stroking himself.That was better than any porn movie I've ever seen!he thought to himself.
After several minutes of basking in the glow and catching our breaths, Jenny finally flung herself off the bed and walked to the bathroom. Matt and I both enjoyed the view.
"I'll be right back, you fucking perverts," she giggled as she rounded the corner.
While we were alone, I said quite seriously, "Matt, dude, not a word of this, okay? Not a word of this leaves this room. Got it?"
"Yeah yeah! You got it, Mark! Not a word!" Then he ran his fingers across his lips as if her were zipping a zipper.
30 minutes later, Jenny came out of the bedroom. She had washed off the cum before it dried, combed her hair, and brushed her teeth. She stopped in her tracks when she spotted me in the flickering light of the TV.
"Jesus Christ! You're still hard?!" I simply grinned at her. I waved my wand and wiggled my eyebrows. "I swear to God, if I ever catch you taking another little blue pill when we're about to fuck, I will snap that motherfucker off!" We both broke into laughter. "I s'pose you want another go?" she asked while she climbed onto the bed.
"I think I've got one more bullet in the chamber," I said sarcastically.
"Mmmmmmm. Well, I'd hate to waste it," she whirred as she started to climb over my body.
She hovered over my tool and spread her swollen cunt lips. She gave a light moan when they touched the purple tip. She groaned the entire slide down my pole until she landed in my lap.
"Ohmagawd," she moaned. "You're cock feels so good buried in me."
I pulled her down until her breasts were crushed against my chest. "Why don't you fuck me like the little slut that you are?"
"Mmmmmmm, with pleasure," she said with twinkling eyes.
We gave each other a long, deep kiss just as her hips began to rise and lower. She broke off the kiss. I raised her body in such a way that could bring a pointed nipple into my mouth, making her gasp. I began to maul her chest which seemed to cause her hips to rise and lower harder and faster. I saw movement out the corner of my eye. It was Matt. He was watching with great interest while he was beating off.
"Matt, you wanna fuck her ass? You wanna fuck her in the ass, don't you, I'll bet?" Jenny all but stopped. She'd almost forgotten we weren't alone.
Matt froze. "Huh? What? Who? Me?"
Jenny looked at me with a crooked smile. "What happened to 'just a blowjob'?" she asked quietly. I shrugged my shoulders and smiled while I gently groped her tits. She turned to Matt. "Jesus Christ! You're hard again already, too? What the fuck?! Did you take a little blue pill, too?"
Matt thought she was truly pissed. He shook his head. "Me?! Uh, no...no! Uh uh!"
Her voice changed. It lowered. It became husky. "So, do you wanna fuck my ass, Matt? Huh? Do you wanna fuck my tight little ass while I fuck Mark's fat cock?"
I literally watched Matt's heart stopped beating for a moment. "Huh? Uh, uh, really? Seriously?"
"Come on, baby. Fuck my tight ass with that big cock of yours. I love getting fucked by two big, fat cocks at the same time."
"O-o-okay!" he stammered as he leapt onto the bed.
In a flash, he was between our legs and ready to drill. Jenny didn't even get the chance to warn him to take it slow. His balls slapped against her when he fell in.
Jenny's head snapped back. "Oh FUCK!" Her ass was still gaped from the workout I had given it. Matt falling in was like sliding a needle through a donut hole. Even then, the sudden intrusion shocked her senses.
"Oh my gosh! It...it...it's so tight!" Matt exclaimed.I thought this only happened in the movies!he thought to himself.
Soon, every hip in the room was grinding on another. Matt held onto her hips and tried to stay in her dark hole when I threw her into the air with every thrust of my hips. Each time Jenny reached the apex of her flight, she drove herself down, burying my prod as deep as possible.
"Oh, fuck yeah!" she moaned. "Fuck me with those cocks! Ohmagawd, yes! I love it! Oh fuck!"
I watched her face curl into lust. "You're such a fuckin' slut! You're gonna beg for it! You're gonna beg for us to fuck you every night! Come on, beg for it, bitch!"
"Oh God yes! Fuck my slutty little holes! I love it! I fucking love it! I want your cum! I want all of your cum! Please fuck my cunt! Fuck my ass! Oh my God, fuck me hard!"
For his part, Matt remained silent with the exception of his grunts while droplets of sweat fell across her ass. His brain was trying to remember a day better than this. It couldn't think of one.
I watched her face contort from lust to ecstasy. Her muscles started to tense. They clamped down on the foreign objects inside of her.
"Oh God! Oh fuck! You're fucking me so good! Oh God! It feels so good! Don't stop! Don't stop! Oh God! Don't stop! Oh fuck! Oh God! Oh ggggaaaaaaaaa!"
A pair of thunderbolts raced up her thighs and crashed into her cunt and ass with the force of an atom bomb. Her body spasmed. Her lower muscles convulsed in time with her racing heart. She cursed us both while begging us not to stop. The room started to spin. She'd never been fucked so hard or so good in her life.
As her convulsions slowed, mine were just beginning. I could see that Matt's hips were beginning to stutter. He was nearing the finish line.
"Oh fuck!" I moaned. "C'mon, Matt! Let's paint this bitch! Let's paint this bitch!"
"O-o-okay!" he stuttered.
Matt pulled out of her ass and pinched his hose. I threw Jenny off of me. She landed on her back and cupped her tits.
"Hell, yeah! C'mon, paint me! Give it to me! Give it to me!" She opened her mouth and stuck out her tongue while her body writhed on the bed. Her eyes darted from one cock to the other, waiting to see which was going to launch first.
"Oh gosh! Oh gosh! Ohhhhhh gosh! Oh gggaaaaaaa!" Matt's eyes closed and his head flew back. This being the third time he'd cum tonight, his hadn't sufficiently restocked. His cock spurted it's contents. It fell across Jenny's face, dropping from one cheek, across her mouth, and down the other cheek.
My body jerked. "Oh fuck! Oh fuck! Mmmmm hmmm! Oh fuck! Uuuggghhhhhh!" I barely had any fluids left in my body. Droplets of white spunk fell out, landing on the bridge of her nose and on her chin.
Jenny quickly grabbed each handle and lifted her head off the bed. She took one cock into her hungry mouth, then the other, until the pounding stopped in her hand. She kissed the tip of each muscle, released her grip, and fell back into the bed.
I grabbed my shaft and shook the beast at her, sending several droplets across her heaving chest. Following my lead, Matt did the same, splattering her chest with more droplets.
I finally scooched down the bed and collapsed next to Jenny. Matt fell back off the bed and stumbled the two steps to his own, falling into it like a ragdoll.
Matt threw his hands behind his head and tried to catch his breath. He grinned.This is the greatest day of my life!he thought to himself with glee.
When we had all caught our breath, one by one we shuffled into the bathroom. Finally, after cleaning the sex off our bodies, we all curled up in our beds. Jenny and I curled up together just as the light of the TV went out. The room went dark. The only sound that was heard was the light whir of the air conditioning unit.
Just before I closed my eyes, I thought about Katherine asleep in her bed, alone in her hotel room, covered in dried cum. The thought made me smile.
To be continued...