I was told there would be three new hires that week, which I was greatly looking forward to since it would make the work load much more tolerable. That was when I first met Hilda, who happened to be one of the new hires. She was not right out of college, like the other two newcomers, but had a few years' experience with a rival company in a neighboring city. She would be working in an office next to mine, and I was asked to help her settle in, familiarize her with the routines. This, I determined almost immediately, would be a pleasant task because she exuded confidence, seemed smart, was already familiar with the most important procedures having previous experience, and was quite beautiful to boot. And single, a fact as significant as her beauty. Because of those last two qualities, I knew it wouldn't be long before she became the center of attention to other men at work, and I had better not procrastinate too long if I was going to show any kind of personal interest in her.
I tried to be helpful without being obtrusive, and on the third day asked her if she would like to have lunch with me. She said "Yes," and without much hesitation, which I took to be a good sign. At lunch at a small café a few blocks away, we forgot about work and talked mainly about ourselves, something she thankfully was comfortable doing. I noticed she had a slight accent, and when I pointed it out, she said she'd been born in Germany and moved to the US when she was eight, spoke German fluently and was fairly fluent in French as well. I learned she shared an apartment with another woman, and had had a boyfriend not too long ago who was now out of the picture.
I told her I was single and not seeing anyone exclusively, either, "playing the field," I mentioned jokingly, which made her laugh.
"Whenever I hear that phrase I think of a horse gambler," she said. "Are you?"
"No," I smiled, and told her I had been to a race track maybe twice in my life and really didn't care much for gambling. She said she once spent a whole week at Saratoga during the racing season, bet on several races every day, though she had been there for reasons other than seeing the horses run. She didn't elaborate, but my mind concluded she had been there with a guy, maybe even more than one, and, if that were the case, even if they lost their shirts at the track, they were still very lucky guys, indeed.
Just before we had to leave to get back to the office, I asked her if she'd have dinner with me the following evening, a Friday, maybe go to a movie afterwards. She said she couldn't then, but she was free on Saturday, if that worked for me. Another pleasant surprise: she didn't just blow me off, but seemed to want to see me as well. Saturday would be fine, and we worked out the details.
Our date that Saturday night was fantastic. I took her to the nicest restaurant I knew, and a movie, some God-awful thing that I haven't totally forgotten yet only because halfway through it Hilda took my arm, pulled herself close to me, whispered, "Pretty bad, huh?" and kissed me on the cheek. I immediately turned and kissed her on the lips. I can recall some pretty memorable first kisses in my life, and that one was right up there with the best. After kissing like that for several minutes, I suggested we leave and she said, "Yes, please."
Outside I began scrolling through my memory bank of places we could go to next, a club, maybe, but after I suggested one or two places she asked if we could just go back to my place. We could have some wine and talk; she liked talking with me, in fact, liked being with me, and didn't want to lose all that under the din of some raucous club. All of this was perfectly fine by me, and that's exactly what we did.
I drove us back to my condo, opened a bottle of wine, and then we spent the next two hours talking about everything under the sun. I told her some of the juicier bits of gossip about a few of our colleagues, who to look out for; she told me some stories about her last job and about some of her family who were still in Germany. She went to use the bathroom and when she returned, she sat down in my lap and we started kissing again. I touched her breasts through her dress and suggested we go to the bedroom. She stood up and I took her hand to lead the way.
My God, she was gorgeous and sexy and uninhibited, the super trifecta on any man's sexual racing card. When we reached the bed, she dropped my hand and turned around so I could unzip her dress. I got the zipper down maybe six inches when she reached for it herself, sliding it down much more quickly than I was doing it and stepped out of the garment. She removed her bra and panties with similar haste and was crawling onto the bed before I could even unbutton my shirt. She knelt on the bed and undid my belt, pulling my trousers down to my knees. I finally got my shirt off and could feel her stroking my cock through my boxers before yanking them down as well; I was already so hard I could feel my cock slap against my lower belly after getting caught on the elastic waistband.
"Beautiful," Hilda sighed, taking it in her hand and licking it along the shaft before putting the head in her mouth. This created the welcomed dilemma no guy is sorry to face: should I stand still and let her suck me more or interrupt her and remove my trousers and shoes? I decided to let her suck me more and was treated to a magnificent blow job, her tongue circling the head before her mouth plunged all the way down the shaft until her lips were against my belly. I'm no world record-holder for longest cock, just average, maybe seven inches on a good day, and this was a very good day, so it was thrilling to see and feel her swallow all of me like that and not gag. This continued for several minutes when she finally slipped me from her mouth and moved more toward the center of the bed.
She looked at me and smiled and said, "Well, hurry up and take those off, or do you have a train to catch and plan to keep them on?" I laughed harder than her remark warranted because I had almost said the same exact thing to her about having to catch a train when she was so quickly removing her clothes, but thought the joke would be terrible and off-setting. But not Hilda! And it made me appreciate her ten-fold, her fearlessness and wit. Finally I was naked and joined her on the bed.
She welcomed everything I did to her; no matter where on her body I touched or kissed her, whatever parts my fingers or lips explored, she wanted more. Sexually, I am a very oral person, love long sloppy kisses with my tongue plowing into another's hungry mouth, love using my tongue and lips on every part of another woman's body, from toes to ears, especially, of course, those parts on the body's midsection: ass and pussy and tits. Hilda opened her body to me, every inch of it, like a navigation chart to a sea captain, all of it exposed plainly for my perusal and edification and enjoyment. She had a small tuft of light chocolatey colored hair on her mons that was delectable, and when I sucked it, drenching it, and pulled on it with my lips and teeth, she yanked on it herself with her thumb and index finger, while her middle finger plunged inside her pussy. When my mouth finally made it to her pussy, it was dripping with her juices that I lapped up like a thirsty desert traveler.
She opened her legs wide as I ate her pussy, combing her finger through my hair and pushing my head lower. I took a chance and swiped at her anus with my tongue, never expecting to lick a girl's asshole on the first date. But she liked that I was doing that to her, and made no attempt to lift my head away from her there. So for several seconds I continued to lick her asshole, all around the rubbery sphincter, and even inside of it, before withdrawing, not wanting to overstay my welcome there.
Both of us were getting very eager to fuck now, and I moved my body between her legs until I was on top of her and my cock slid into her pussy. She was so wet, and it felt incredible to be pumping in and out of her. She alternated her legs about me, sometimes gripping my hips with her knees, sometimes flattening her legs sideways on the bed like a bird taking wing, sometimes wrapping them completely around my waist. She began to moan and highlighted each of my thrusts with a sighed 'Yes,' as her breathing became more rapid and labored. She cried, "I'm coming, I'm coming!" and she held her breath and pulled my body tight into hers, and her pussy spasmed as her climax hit. A few seconds later I felt myself begin to spurt and fill her cunt with my cum.
I remained inside of her for a while before she rolled me onto my side; we both tried to keep me inside her, but I slipped out despite the effort.
"Whoops," I said, smiling.
"That's okay," Hilda replied quickly. "I'll just have to think of some clever way to get you hard again soon so I can get you back up in there."
"I'm sure you'll have no trouble doing that," I assured her. And she didn't, not with what she was capable and willing to do with her hands and tongue.
It was while resting between the third or fourth time fucking, my head perched on her ass, that I looked more carefully at the tattoo she had on the small of her back just above her ass, the outstretched wings of a bird; it was handsomely engraved and fit her well. I planted a soft kiss on it before moving my body up over hers to again hug her and be swallowed in her embrace. It was after 10 a.m. Sunday morning before she had showered, dressed, and left, and that was the first of several sublime times spent together in bed over the ensuing weeks.
Part 2
Now, I've reached the point in this story where I must reveal something about myself that I've kept secret, and that is I consider myself a devoted fanatic of the scat fetish. I am one of those very few people in the world who finds it utterly ravishing sexually to have parts of my body smothered in shit while at the same time depositing and spreading it over the body of a similarly inclined lover, head to toe, as we make exquisite love to each other. The smell of it, the texture of it, even the taste of it... all of this I crave and all of it gives me tremendous satisfaction.
Unfortunately, opportunities to indulge in this fetish with others have been rare. I have reached out on the internet expressing the wish to contact others (females; I have no sexual interest in other men) but only with limited success. I have a small group of friends, all males unfortunately, who are also scat devotees, and when anyone hears of something, anything, having to do with it that may be of interest, will contact the others.
It just so happened that around this time I got a text message that a scat performance would take place at a private party about an hour away, and I could finagle an invitation if I acted fast. The performers, the text stated, were three women who had worked together before, but had never appeared in that area, and had a reputation for the intensity and exuberance they demonstrated. I knew immediately I wanted to attend and did what I had to do to get myself invited. It promised to be a worthy performance, at least as good as most of the other top-notch ones I'd been to.
I arrived at the venue, a large manor house out in the country, at the appropriate time and saw there were about 30 people there, mostly men, but a few women as well, accompanying some of the men. Some of the people I recognized from previous events, but not many. All were decently dressed, as if attending a special party. We assembled in a rather large room, in the center of which was an inflatable swimming pool, about twelve feet long by eight feet wide and a foot deep, a perfect size for three adults to cavort in and keep the mess confined. Around the perimeter of the pool on all four sides, several feet back, was a double row of comfortable padded folding armchairs for the audience. Only so many chairs would fit and that determined the number of attendees. The performance was expected to last about ninety minutes, and each person had paid $250 for the privilege of attending.
When everyone was seated, the lights were dimmed very low as in a theater, except over the pool, which was suddenly highlighted by two bright spotlights. Background music could be heard filtering into the room, rhythmical and pulsating, setting the perfect mood while being unobtrusive. Then from behind a portable curtain that had been set up, the three women appeared and stepped into the pool. My eyes snapped wide open in amazed disbelief, because one of the women was Hilda. I wondered if she would be able to detect my presence, but realized the bright spotlights made it impossible for them to see into the audience. Two of the women were totally naked, including Hilda, while the third wore a pair of black thigh-high stockings. For the next minute I focused almost exclusively on Hilda, sometimes telling myself I must be making a mistake, she justlookslike Hilda, but then I recognized her tattoo and I knew for sure it was her. Then the shock of recognition turned into sheer wonderment: Hilda was a scat queen, a dream-come-true for me, and with that personal knowledge, I would relish every second of what I was about to witness.
And what I witnessed was astonishing and enthralling. They began by hugging one another and kissing. It was obvious from the beginning that the three women knew each other very well, were not just assuming roles; they weren't acting like lovers, butwerelovers. After several minutes of foreplay, Hilda stood up and motioned for the others to remain where they were, and she started peeing on them. They spread their bodies open so her pee would drench every inch of them, and then another woman took her place. (She had light-brown hair as opposed to Hilda's blonde mane; the third girl, who wore the stockings, had raven-black locks. All wore their hair roughly top-of-the-shoulder-length and layered.). They were all sopping wet now, head to toe, and pools of piss occupied parts of the bottom of the pool.
They all embraced again, licking their piss off each other, until the stockinged girl (let me call her SG) rose and walked around them a few times. She pointed and smiled at the brown-haired girl (I'll call her BHG), who quickly got on her back, and SG squatted over her tits and a long, twisting turd began to flow out of her ass onto BHG's tits, almost covering them. BHG moaned in ecstasy and began to spread the shit all over her breasts, helped soon by Hilda. The women were talking and laughing with each other, seemingly oblivious to us watching them, and it created a very intimate atmosphere. It felt like we were in their bedroom, invisible voyeurs, watching them having sex with each other.
Although everything that was unfolding before my eyes was of the utmost interest to me, obviously it was Hilda I was sure to concentrate on. What exactly would she do? How far would she go? How did she compare with the others? Wilder? Did she do all the things I would love for her to do with me?
As she helped BHG spread the shit all over her tits and torso, Hilda rubbed her filthy hands on her own breasts, kneeling up straight so we all could see. Her hands bathed her tits in shit and moved up to her neck and onto her face, turning everything she touched dark brown. My cock immediately became erect, and I could feel myself breathing harder. I've stroked those tits, sucked them lovingly, I thought; how I wished I could suck them right now all smeared in shit!
SG knelt between BHG's legs and licked her pussy. She spread some of her pile from BHG's tits down to her pussy and spread it around there and between her legs. When she had covered her pussy in shit, SG put her face into it and licked BHG hard, opening her pussy and sticking her tongue inside. She then said something to Hilda and turned around so her head rested on BHG's spread pussy like a pillow. Hilda stood and walked back in order to position her ass over SG's face. She bent down slightly and she shit in SG's open mouth, three hefty soft logs, the first two piling up in and on SG's mouth, the third bouncing off onto her face. They looked so delicious, so mesmerizing, I had to force myself not to moan out loud, though some in the audience were doing just that. You lucky bitch, SG, I thought, you lucky, lucky bitch to be feasting on such lovely logs! Would that be me someday, hopefully someday soon?
When Hilda had finished defecating, BHG sat up and picked up one of the turds from SG's mouth and smelled it deeply, smiling. She then, with a bit of dramatic flair, put it in her mouth and sucked it like a cock, holding her head up high so we all could see. Observing this I thought my own cock would burst and tried to imagine what that log tasted like, how rapturously BHG was sucking on it, its juices beginning to dribble from her lips. Hilda retrieved the other log from SG's mouth and kneeling at her pussy, placed it there, where Hilda swiped it from one end to the other with her tongue. Hilda commenced licking all around SG's pussy and then took another long tongue-swipe of her own turd. After doing this several times she simply picked up the log with her lips and commenced caressing SG's pussy with it, smearing it all around her pussy lips with her face and tongue. It was beautiful and so amazingly sexy, and as other men in the audience had already done, I unzipped my fly, got a tissue from my pocket, placed there in anticipation of a moment like this, put the tissue over the tip of my cock, and ejaculated into it without any further stimulation. I blasted four or five mighty spurts into the tissue, not caring a whit if anyone witnessed it.
Two of the women had now relieved themselves, and all three of them were heavily smeared in shit. All of their time in the pool was spent caressing and massaging one another, including licking and sucking everywhere. They were consumed with what they were doing, enjoying every second of it. They couldn't seem to get enough of each other, the touch of their filthy bodies, the feel of their shit-laced skin rubbing across each other.
Still they managed to create unexpected surprises. Once Hilda was rubbing SG's pussy with her toes when SG grabbed her foot and wiped it with a handful of poop and put it in her mouth. Hilda grinned ecstatically as SG sucked her toes, putting half her foot in her mouth at one point and then licking her sole. Shortly after this Hilda and SG knelt next to each other, legs wide apart, assholes fully exposed, and BHG lovingly smeared globs of shit across their asses and into their cracks and buried her tongue into their assholes. Their attachment to this fetish was profound, and more seemed never to be enough.
It was right after this that Hilda and SG lay down on their sides facing each other and began to kiss. BHG stood and walked in front of them, straddled their faces, and crouched down over them. She was about to make her contribution. They stopped kissing but opened their mouths so they could catch BHG's shit together when it came, which was within a few seconds. BHG moved her ass left-to-right slightly as she began to poop and the large turd she produced fell into both their mouths sideways. When their mouths were full, they resumed kissing again, much more passionately and fervently than before and mushed the log into their mouths and faces. BHG turned around and helped spread the excess into their hair and on her own face.
I've read that at the opera it's not unprecedented that after a particularly well-sung aria the audience might acknowledge their appreciation by clapping and cheering, totally stopping the proceedings on stage, sometimes for several minutes, maybe even demanding the aria be repeated. Well, none of that was going to happen here, but there were other ways to indicate how exciting the performance was, and not just by secretly ejaculating into one's handkerchief or a tissue. Just barely in the shadows right after this I saw a man suddenly stand up, turn to the stunning woman he was with, insert his cock into her willing mouth, and come, spurting his jism a number of times onto her tongue and across her lips before she sucked him clean, after which he sat down again. It was a beautiful sight, and it was pleasant to imagine what they would be doing to each other later that evening, inspired by this performance.
A quick glance at my watch indicated the ninety minutes had passed and it was time to conclude the proceedings. All three women had defecated now, all three were covered in shit; the only thing left to do was to reward themselves for an incredible performance, if they could (it would be the least they deserved), and that would be by bringing each other to orgasm. Hilda lay on her back, her legs spread slightly, and BHG stretched her body out next to hers sideways, stroking Hilda's pussy with one hand while sucking her breasts. She arched one of her legs above Hilda's body so Hilda could finger her as well. SG assumed a position on Hilda's face, facing forward, rubbing her own clit vigorously while sliding her pussy and asshole over Hilda's mouth and face. It was incredible for me seeing Hilda the centerpiece of this arrangement. When Hilda and BHG were getting close to orgasming, they switched to fingering themselves over the last hurdle. It was beautiful to behold, with Hilda and BHG coming first. SG took a bit longer to climax, but when she did she squirted forcefully, drenching the other two girls as well as herself. Everyone was thrilled at the squirt, which seemed to take the three girls totally by surprise. They talked and laughed with each other for a few seconds, no doubt over the squirt, and then somewhat sheepishly got to their feet. We in the audience stood and clapped loudly, several "Bravos!" raining down toward the pool. The women bowed, then hugged each other briefly before exiting out through the curtain they had entered by.
I sat down again, my brain on fire and racing like a train about to derail. I imagined there would be a rather lengthy cleanup period for the girls. Should I wait and surprise Hilda as she was leaving? Would my sudden appearance delight her or might it backfire on me, seem too intrusive, be too big a shock for her? Would she think I was invading her privacy, a space she hoped to keep secret? Might she simply have other plans with the other two women that would leave me standing with my hat in my hand? Too many unpleasant thoughts clicked off in my head, so I decided I would leave and figure out a way to approach Hilda with what I witnessed and loved after more deliberation.
Part 3
I was glad I had not waited for Hilda after that Saturday night performance, because by Monday I had calmed down and was not thinking like a lunatic. By then I had also masturbated to every single detail I could remember about their performance several times, which I'm not sure helped calm me down, but certainly made me feel satisfied. I decided I wouldn't say anything to her about it at work, that I'd wait until we were alone in a more intimate setting, maybe our next date. I did ask how her weekend was, willing to push the envelope that far at least, and she said "Fine," and that she had "met up with a couple of old girlfriends." It took a great deal of effort not to burst my bubble over that and spill everything then and there.
In order to iron out and finalize some business dealings for the firm, I was scheduled to fly out Thursday noonish on a trip to Milwaukee lasting through Sunday, and I told Hilda I would hate going two weekends in a row without seeing her, would she like spending Wednesday night with me? She said Thursday was one of her stay-at-home flex days, so she would be happy to.
I picked her up at her place Wednesday about 8 o'clock and took her to a nice Chinese restaurant we both liked. We were both in a good mood and having a great time. Just as we were finishing up, I decided the time had come for the big reveal. Maybe because we were having such a good time I was actually looking forward to telling her, confident she would take it well.
"You know, Hilda," I began, "I hope this doesn't make you angry or anything, but I have a secret I need to tell you."
"Really? What's that? You have a girlfriend in Milwaukee and you're going to propose to her sometime over the next four days?"
I laughed, thinking that was a startling yet pretty hilarious reply, and shook my head. "That's crazy. So that's what you think?" Then a totally goofy thought popped into my head and I said, "Actually, it's my boyfriend."
She laughed so hard that other customers glanced at her. "Somehow, knowing what you and I have done together, I just can't picture that. Sorry."
"Homophobic, I see," I said laughing as well, but trying not to. "He's going to be very mad at you when I tell him."
"No, no, no," she blurted, her smile as broad as ever. "Forgive me. I'd say give him a big kiss from me, but I guess he wouldn't appreciate that too much."
"My kiss, definitely; that it was from you, not really, I'm afraid." And we both burst out laughing again.
After calming down for a bit, I started in again. "Anyway, like I was trying to say," I began, not sure what affect that little side-step into inanity would have on my announcement, if any. "You told me at the office on Monday that you'd spent some time with a couple of girlfriends over the weekend, and I think I saw you all, that is if they were the ones with you on Saturday evening. That performance was absolutely wonderful, gorgeous, and I loved every minute of it."
Her body stiffened and the look on her face instantly changed from cheerfully carefree to startled and shocked. "You were there? How?"
Shit, I thought. Don't tell me this is all going to go up in flames like some empty pipe dream. "Well," I began, stammering, "here's another little secret for you, but it just so happens I have been a devotee of the scat fetish my entire adult life, and a friend of mine texted me about the show. I got myself invited, wouldn't miss it for the world if I could help it, of course had no idea you would be part of it." I paused for a few seconds, and then repeated that I had no idea she would be there. I was now staring at a frightened and confused face looking back at me, and added, "Fuck, Hilda, you look about as shocked as I would expect you to be if Ihadtold you I had a boyfriend in Milwaukee."
Her countenance then changed from shock to a blank stare. "I'm just surprised," she said. "Talk about a secret! That's a part of my life I've kept hidden from just about everybody I know. I'm sure you can see why."
"Of course, I get it. But, Hilda, it's not a secret to me anymore, and I'm telling you, it was amazing seeing you like that, so sexy, so filthy-lovely, that's how I think of the scatting experience. Gloriously filthy-lovely! I was the happiest person there on Saturday, for sure, my brain on fire with images of us doing that together." There, that was everything, all my thoughts and feelings, hopes and desires.
The look on her face became less featureless and she even managed a smile.
So I took that as a cue to mention my next obvious concern: "Unless, of course, you tell me you only scat with other women and wouldn't think of doing that with me."
"That would upset the applecart pretty badly, I bet," Hilda responded.
"It would devastate me, totally. If you want to see a grown man burst out crying all over his leftover moo goo gai pan, just tell me that."
That made her laugh as I hoped it would. "I'm tempted to say it just to see you do it," she chuckled. "But no, that wouldn't be true."
Oh, yes. Thank you, thank you, I thought.
We were silent for a bit and then she said, looking at me, much more like her old self, "Let's see, today is Wednesday and that was on Saturday, so you've been obsessed with having scat sex with me for the last four days?"
"Definitely the last four days; every time I saw you at work I had to force myself not to say anything yet. But certainly longer than that, though more in the abstract."
"How do you mean?"
"I told you I love scat sex, but unfortunately that doesn't mean I've indulged in it very often; finding others who are willing hasn't been easy."
"You just don't know the right places," she quipped. It felt like a slap for a second, telling me I was inadequate somehow, but she smiled broadly, indicating I shouldn't take her too seriously. Which I imagined to be a good sign, her joviality signaling a warming up to the idea of us scatting together, at least not dismissing the idea outright. Then she continued, "But what does that have to do with me?"
"Well, there's always that fear of overplaying your hand. You know, saying or indicating something that makes the other person want to hightail it away as fast and as far as possible, such as suggesting engaging in a taboo practice. I love being with you and wouldn't want to risk losing you by announcing a desire to have scat sex with you. But you're always so open and willing to do anything while we make love, that I fantasized about crossing into that territory with you."
Then she said something that made me believe everything was going to be all right, the planets had all lined up perfectly, the cards had been dealt and I held four aces. "Honestly, the only hightailing I've ever thought of doing with you is angling my ass higher so you could lick and fuck it deeper." What an incredibly sexy, dirty thing to say! And exciting, too! I almost threw myself across the table to kiss her.
Instead, I smiled and said as calmly and mock-seriously as I could, "Um, you wouldn't care to elaborate on that, would you? Granted we only have about ten minutes or so before they kick us out, but are there any details regarding that image you might wish to expound upon in the meantime?"
She laughed and her eyes gleamed, "You just want me to talk dirty to you, you sicko pervert, you."
"That's Mister Sicko Pervert, if you don't mind, and don't let me stop you."
She leaned over the table toward me slightly, briefly touching my cheek with her finger. The look on her face now was radiant with sexual exuberance. "The way you fuck my asshole with your tongue; I love that, you know. That beautiful tongue plowing into my asshole, oh so wet and deep, I don't know how I haven't just shit right in your mouth already. I have thought about it."
I groaned and said with some exaggeration, but not much, "Oh, woman, you're driving me out of my mind. My cock is about to burst. More, tell me more."
"Only like you I was scared. What if he eats my ass like there's no tomorrow, but has no thought or desire to go beyond that? Lots of men enjoy doing that to their lovers with no wish to engage with what's on the other side of that sweet little rosebud. Suppose what I'm thinking of doing would only disgust him? He's dead-ended right where the fun begins. Better play it safe and not rush it, leave it up to him to take that step."
"Are we just a couple of little chickens?"
"I hope not. I guess we'll just have to find out." Then she added, "I think the restaurant people are hoping we'll leave now."
"Okay," I said, putting my credit card on the table along with the bill. The waiter took both and soon returned with the receipt. Then I said before we stood up, "Hilda, will you come back to my place now and make love with me the same way you did with those two women on Saturday?"
In the softest, sexiest voice I think I've ever heard, she said, "Yes, of course. I would love that. Come on." My heart took a leap and I thought it might fly out of me, and I had to take a deep breath to calm myself.
We left and I drove us to my condo. She put her hand on my thigh as I drove, and I put mine on top of hers. I asked her, "Do you mind if I ask you a couple of questions about Saturday night?"
"No, go ahead."
"Well, first of all, the other women, what are their names? In my head I referred to one as Stocking Girl and the other as Brown-Haired Girl."
She laughed and answered, "The brown-haired girl is Veronica, the other girl is Nancy. Veronica happens to be my roommate. It's strange you two haven't met yet."
"Your roommate! Really!" I blurted, overly surprised. I don't know why that surprised me so much; maybe it was a sudden surge of jealousy as my next mental image was of the two of them making love daily, multiple times daily, okay, constantly, covered in shit. I wanted that to be me. "I've only been to your place a few times, I guess that's why our paths haven't crossed."
"Her father hasn't been well recently, so she's been spending time with him."
Before I could say anything else, Hilda said, "One thing I want you to understand. It would be a mistake to say we do it just for the money - we've scatted long before any money was involved. But certainly the money has come in handy. Some performers, to make lots more money, interact with the audience, which we never do; that would be crossing a line. Like pole dancers and strip club performers it's strictly hands-off while on duty." That seemed to be important to her, something she wanted to make clear.
"The three of you seem to have a very intimate relationship, no doubt about it," I said.
"That's true, we do."
Then, feeling super confident and overjoyed at what was transpiring, I asked, half joking, "Have you ever thought of adding a male performer to your act?"
"Ah, you would like to audition, I assume you're saying. I don't know, we'll have to see just how good you are, won't we," she said, chuckling, trying to keep my ego in check. In a sudden flash of bravado, I thought to myself, but fortunately kept my mouth shut, Oh, baby, you wait and see how good I am!
Meanwhile she continued, "Besides, and don't crash the car when I tell you this, we already have someone for that when needed." She looked at me to see how unnerved that would make me. "His name is Jason. He used to be my boyfriend but is now an item with Nancy."
More jealous thoughts raged through my brain, but faded out quickly, to my surprise, probably because she said he was Nancy's now.
She asked me about my experiences with scat. "It's really been difficult finding interested partners, like I said," I told her. "My last time was at an orgy a friend of mine was scheduled to attend but had to pull out of at the last minute. He told the host about me and I was allowed to take his place. It was great, I had a terrific time, the women were unbelievable, really into getting filthy. I thought I made a decent enough impression, gave and received as much as everyone else, but haven't heard from anyone since."
"Maybe you won't have to think about them now," she said to me and lifted my hand and kissed it.
She told me she was glad we already had six weeks of dating under our belts, because she felt she could trust me. "For me there is no more intimate sexual act than scatting," she said. "If I didn't trust you I could never do it with you."
I wasn't sure what to say to that, but figured there was a lot of truth there for her, that like so many things in the sexual arena, things were different for her, a woman, than me.
"You've been planning this, I assume, since Sunday," Hilda said. "So I gather you're prepared."
I knew what she was talking about, so said, "Yes."
She opened her handbag and took out a small pill case, from which she extracted two small pills. She popped them in her mouth and swallowed them, telling me to remind her to drink a couple of glasses of water when we got to my place. "I haven't gone today yet; these will just make sure I do. I'll need about an hour for them to work."
The thrill of anticipation was at a fever pitch for me by now. I wanted to touch her, kiss her everywhere, carry her into my condo in my arms and lay her out on my bed like a goddess. My bed had been prepared for two nights now, plastic sheeting overlaid with a regular fitted cotton sheet on top of which was a dark-blue comforter. I thought of all the marvelous, intense love-making sessions Hilda and I had had over the last six weeks, and how tonight's adventure would be enhanced so many times over by the addition of one major element.
"Ready?" I asked, taking her hand after parking the car.
"Come," she said. "Let's get filthy."
Part 4
I just barely made it to the airport in time for my flight to Milwaukee on Thursday. I think I would have sold my soul if it would make this trip unnecessary and I could spend the day with Hilda instead, but my going was essential for the firm. It was a two-hour flight and would give me time to reflect on the night I'd just spent with Hilda, the best night I've ever had in my life....
I remembered we went into my condo and I reminded her about drinking some water for the laxatives she'd taken.
"I have a better idea," she said. "Do you have any beer? That will work with the pills and should really make me want to pee as well. I had a beer before we began on Saturday night, and you saw what that did for me." She smiled, and I told her I remembered perfectly. I got us both a beer and said it usually had the same effect on me. We sat on the couch drinking and talking, but I couldn't restrain myself very long and pulled her on top of me. We kissed briefly, my hands caressing her through her clothes, when she broke free and said she should take her dress off before it got all wrinkled. She had me help her and she didn't stop with the dress but removed her bra and panties as well before draping herself in my arms again. She liked being naked while I was still clothed, she said; it made her feel the center of attention.
"Oh, you are that, no doubt about it," I declared. "Here, have another sip of beer." I put my beer bottle to her lips forcing her to take big gulps while some of it spilled onto her breasts, causing her to squeal. She arched her back offering her drenched tits to me to suck. When I bent down to do so, she poured the rest of the beer in the bottle that was hers over my head.
"Oh, dear," she cooed, "I've ruined your shirt. Better take it off," and she started unbuttoning it, which wasn't easy to do as I kept trying to kiss her, especially her tits, as she laughingly tried to concentrate on my shirt.
It wasn't long before we had moved from the couch to the bedroom. I took my clothes off as Hilda crawled into my bed. I told her I had protected the mattress, in case she was wondering, and she said that was good because she hoped we would get really messy and not have to worry about that. By now I had joined her and was stretching my body out on top of hers. This was reminiscent of so many of our love-making sessions: feeling each other's bodies mashing into one another, lots of caressing, finger-exploring, and kissing. I loved raking my fingers through her hair as we kissed deeply, our tongues fencing in our mouths.
I rolled over on my back, taking Hilda with me. I told her to turn over and lay on my front, facing the ceiling. I kissed her neck and put my hands on her breasts, kneading them and pinching her nipples. I told her to spread her legs and pulled her up higher onto me so my cock was between her legs.
"This ought to work," I said, and began pissing. When she saw what I was doing she immediately grabbed my cock and pointed it toward her body on top of me, my piss drenching her belly and breasts, which caused her to shout with glee.
"Push harder!" she cried, "so it reaches my face!" I pushed harder and my piss flowed onto her face and even into her medium-blonde hair, which she loved. I peed for quite a long time, thanks to the beer and not having gone since that morning. But eventually I ran low, but not before soaking both of us.
"Hold my legs open," she said to me, "and pull them back so my pussy is aiming for us." I rolled her so she lay mostly on her upper back on my chest, and then she began to pee. It was just a little dribble at first, but then became a gusher, her pee skyrocketing and landing on her tits and then her face and hair as well. Much of it was hitting me in the face, too, and her piss was clear and tasted delicious, about the same as mine. With her hands she swished the liquid around on her breasts and belly, laughing and loving it, and put her drenched fingers up to my mouth to suck.
Soon she turned around and rubbed her pee-saturated tits on my belly and chest, licking me at the same time. She crawled up my body, her knees on each side of me, until her pussy was over my face.
"Lick my pussy," she ordered. "Maybe I'll pee some more right in your mouth." I moaned a "Mmmm-Hmmm" and licked her opening with relish. She managed a few small spurts, but no more than that, unfortunately. Then she lifted her body up straight and shifted just a few inches so now her asshole was over my mouth.
"Put your tongue in my ass, in and out, go deep and taste everything in there," she commanded this time. "I told you before how much I love it when you do that to me and what it makes me want to do." I thrust my tongue deep inside of her, her rubbery sphincter grabbing my tongue, pulling it into her. My heart was pounding like a steam turbine, my brain poised at the thought of her shit cascading out of her ass and into my mouth. I plowed my tongue into her and waited desperately, longingly, barely able to breathe, my imagination exploding.
Then she moved down slightly on her knees; the smell of her turd as it snaked out of her ass hit me first and then I could feel it on my chest, slide from one nipple to the other through the tuft of hair I have there. It felt warm and wonderful, but it wasn't what I had expected, had been waiting for.
"My mouth," I said. "Why didn't you drop that in my mouth like I thought you were about to do?"
Hilda turned around and straddled me facing me. "Not the first time. I need to see for myself that you are what you claim to be, a true scat lover." She bent down slightly and picked her turd up breaking it in two. She bent down farther and told me to close my mouth and rubbed the log over my lips as if she were putting lipstick on me. Next she told me to open, and she put the shit in my mouth like a cock. She then put her own mouth over the other end of it and we shared it for several seconds.
"That's good." she said. "Keep it there," and she sat up straight again. She took the other half of her turd and began smearing it on her tits, totally covering them. She continued to spread the shit on her body, her neck and then her arms and finally her pussy, kneeling tall so her hands could get at her pussy and caress herself deeply. She was in no hurry to accomplish all this, and looked just as she did on Saturday night. She covered herself thoroughly, showing great self-indulgence, delighting in every second of it, the feel of it on her skin, not wanting to overlook a single inch.
When she was satisfied, she took the log from my mouth and sucked it again herself before snowballing it in her hands. When it was all mushed up she wiped much of it on my face as if testing me, my limits, if I had any. Do your worst, I thought, my charming lovely scat queen, I promise to take it all and beg for more. "Kiss me," I implored her, "put the rest of that handful in your mouth and kiss me."
"I need the rest of this to smear all over your cock and balls before sucking you," she said, "but how about this." She licked my cheeks and forehead and part of my neck, filling her mouth with the poop she'd just put there, and put her mouth to mine. We kissed, her tongue pushing through my lips to dance with mine. When the instinct to swallow came on, she would dribble out what was in her mouth onto me somewhere, and then sometimes put more back in. ("I don't like to swallow too much of it," she told me later; "I don't like the throwing up that generally follows if I've swallowed a lot." Without fully realizing it, I saw that I was doing basically the same thing, swallowing some but not massive amounts.)
She made one last dribble, right on my nose, and smiled, and moved down to my cock. With the shit that remained in her hands she began massaging my cock and balls, covering them completely. Then she put my cock in her mouth and sucked me, first just around the head, but then gradually going farther down the shaft. Again, she would dribble out most of the poop that accumulated in her mouth onto my shaft down onto my balls. She took my shaft out of her mouth now and then to lick my balls and kiss all around them. She had often done this to me without the poop, which drove me wild, but now I felt like I would explode with pleasure any minute. That she was being so filthy with me, doing something so taboo and nasty yet unbelievably sexy and special, is what made it so incredible.
Suddenly, just when I thought I would come, she stopped sucking me and withdrew her mouth, holding my cock tightly in her hand, which diminished my urge to ejaculate. She moved her body on top of me, straddling me, and inserted my cock into her pussy. She held herself up with her hands on my chest, tweaking my nipples, thrusting her body up and down on my cock.
"Fuck me, baby," I murmured. "Fuck my cock with that beautiful cunt, fuck me. Come closer so I can suck your tits." She unlocked her elbows and lowered her body onto me, her tits right at mouth-level. They were completely covered in dark-brown shit, which made them especially delectable. I took one in my mouth, tonguing all around the nipple, biting it, and then the other one. She pushed them lustily into my face, telling me to suck them hard, not to be so gentle with them. I put my hands on her ass, pushing her into me, and put my fingers into her crack searching for her asshole. When I found it I plunged one and then another one into her, which made her moan loudly and bite my neck.
Then she straightened up again and reached back to remove my fingers from her ass. She raised herself slightly on her knees and put her hand under her ass. "Your fingers have stimulated me, and it looks like I have more shit ready to come out. Perfect!" She closed her eyes and soon her hand was filling with another turd. When she was done shitting, she brought her hand around and displayed her gift. It was dark and about five inches long, and she immediately spread it across her tits, after which she lowered them down to my mouth and told me to suck and taste. I did, taking each one in my mouth as completely as I could, telling her they were delicious. She then kissed me on the mouth and tasted for herself, licking my lips, sighing in agreement. Although nothing exactly like this happened at last Saturday's performance, I could easily imagine it being something the girl's might do, the drama and display of the act being both erotic and theatrical.
"Fuck, that was beautiful," I whispered to her, my cock still plowing in and out of her pussy.
Much more loudly she said, "I'm going to come any second, baby, it feels so fucking good! Come with me, flood my cunt with your cum!" She was really slamming her pussy onto my cock now, and I used my hands to keep her on track so I wouldn't fly out. With a final plunge she climaxed and a few seconds later I erupted into her. I held her body close to me and licked her wherever my tongue would land. I rubbed my hands all over her ass and back, smearing her with shit as she slowly recovered from her orgasm. She collapsed on top of me, not quite yet breathing normally.
I held her quietly to me before saying, "That was terrific, baby. Stay in my arms for a bit, but certain urges are getting hard for me to ignore."
Teasingly, Hilda said, "Oh, really. I wonder what they could be?"
"They will become obvious to all your senses in no time at all, trust me."
"Time, what's that? I've lost all understanding of time and am just floating high up in the sky where time doesn't exist." She had no idea what she was saying, but curled her body deeper into mine and kissed me.
"Fuck," she added shortly, dreamily, "this is so fucking wonderful! You weren't bullshitting me, you really are a scat-lover! A good one, too. How did I get so lucky!"
"You just inspire me, that's all. You're incredible, too, right up there like I was imagining you on Saturday. I'll try not to be jealous of Veronica anymore."
"Jealous? Why would you be jealous? Maybe we all could get together sometime. Would you like that? A scat threesome with her?"
"Of course," I said happily. "Wow, that's like offering a hungry person a gourmet meal! Fantastic! But right now I just want to think about you and me."
"That's because you still have a load of shit in you that you want to spread all over me." Hilda, I had learned by now, rarely had a problem expressing exactly what she was thinking at the moment. Most of the time it was right on target.
Then she casually asked, "So what do you want to do with all that shit you've got in there? Any ideas in particular?"
"Well, you've done a pretty good job covering the front of you, but your back is still nearly pristine and I'd love to streak your hair some more while it's still dripping wet from the pee, and your legs could do with a little more."
"A man on a mission," she joked. "I love it! I came, I saw, and I will fucking conquer, so look out, everybody! Go Caesar!" She had been lying with her head on my chest, her leg draped over my body, but after saying this moved her head down to my belly just in front of the tip of my half-flaccid cock. She put her hand on my balls and placed the bulb of my cock between her lips and tongued my hole and then the whole head. I put my hand on her head and gently tugged her hair, moving along with her as she slowly sucked me. Her hand moved lower from my balls to between my legs, and her fingers searched for my asshole. When they found it, she slipped one inside of me as far as she could. Her sucking became more intense on my cock, and I could feel it getting hard again. She moaned louder as she took more of it in her mouth, dribbling out her brown saliva the more she sucked.
"Your finger has me ready to shit any second now," I told her.
Hilda slid my cock out of her mouth and turned to face me. "I'll lay on my stomach and you can shit on my ass and then smear it there and up my back into my hair, and then I want you to fuck me in the ass. Fuck my ass until we both come again." It wasn't a take-charge command, but more a suggestion, the way, I imagined, procedures unfolded on stage during her scat performances with Veronica and Nancy.
"Sounds perfect," I declared. "Exactly what I was thinking." She stretched herself out on her front, her arms above her head, and I straddled her midsection. I rubbed my ass onto hers and massaged her back briefly, thinking how I would do so again shortly while spreading my shit over it. I started to defecate directly on her ass crack and as soon as she felt it, turned her head around to look.
"Curiosity getting the better of you?" I asked. "I should have set the camera up."
"No cameras, thank you," she said. "I just want to see how big it is, like I'm imagining it." I continued to go, and my log emerged on the slow side and stayed in one piece. "It's a long one, that's for sure. That's going to cover my whole ass! Nice one!"
She was right about that. When I finally finished, not much of her ass cheeks was visible any longer. I took a small piece from the pile and put it aside, and then began wiping the poop all over her ass and onto the small of her back, covering her tattoo. It was dark brown and creamy and spread perfectly, like chocolate frosting on a cake. She moaned with the sensation of it spreading on her body and opened her legs wider so I could cover that part of her, too. I massaged her whole back, kneading it in deeply like a soothing balm. To give my hands a rest, I lay down across her back and kissed her neck and worked my way around to her lips. Her eyes were closed as if sunbathing, soaking it all in. I took the piece of shit I'd broken off from the pile and held it to her lips.
"Taste," I said. "Is it as good as yours?" She opened her eyes and then her mouth, and I pushed it in her mouth a few inches until her lips closed on it. A few seconds later I took it out and said, "Well?"
"Definitely not as good as mine," she said smiling, "but it will do. Put it back in and leave it there; I like that." I put it back in and shared it with her for a bit, before smearing the rest of the shit on her back and in her hair. I was thrilled she was such an oral person and loved having shit in her mouth as much as I did.
When I was done, I arranged myself so my cock was nestled in her ass crack. I'd made sure to put lots of poop in there, so when I slid my cock along her crack it was engulfed in creamy luxury. Next to my cock sliding into a wet pussy or a well-lubricated ass, this was thecreme de la cremefor me. I put a finger and then two into her ass to make sure she was ready for me, and then positioned my cock at her rosebud. When I pushed it went in easily, and she gasped slightly at the invasion.
"Oh, yeah, baby, fantastic, just fantastic," she cried, dropping the log from her mouth onto the bed. "Push that cock deep up my ass." My knees were on both sides of her legs rather than between them, which narrowed the space inside her ass for my cock. The walls of her ass gripped my member firmly with every thrust. I moved faster, harder, and she cheered me on, begging for more. I was beginning to lose all control now, as if I had somehow escaped my body and was outside myself, whipping myself into a frenzy and taking Hilda with me. We were reaching fever pitch, exploding with unrestrained passion. I began to bandy words with her, and we got into a quick back-and-forth, call-and-response repartee, creating verbal images to further inflame our desires.
"You like my cock in your ass?"
"Yes."
"Like me fucking your ass?"
"Yes. It feels so fucking good!"
"Deep up your ass?"
"Yes. Fuck me deep."
"Hard?"
"Yes. Harder! Fuck the shit out of me!"
"Do you have more shit up your ass?"
"Yes! Fuck it all out of me!"
"I'm going to fuck the shit out of your ass."
"Yes. Fuck me! Do it! Don't stop!"
I fucked her with all my strength, my lower belly and balls smashing into her ass cheeks.
"Maybe I'll fuck your cunt instead."
"Yes. Fuck my cunt."
"Smother your pussy in shit and fuck you there."
"Yes."
"Smear my cock with shit and fuck your cunt."
"Yes. Do it! Stuff my cunt with shit and cock!"
"Lots of it."
"Yes. Lots and lots!"
"When I need to come, I'm going to come in your cunt."
"Yes! Come in me!"
"Come in all that shit in your cunt."
"Yes, come in my shit-filled cunt, do it!"
"No, baby, it's your mouth I want, your fucking mouth."
"My mouth? Yes! My mouth! I want to suck you again!"
"Suck my shitty cock, baby! Suck it deep!"
"Yes, I'll suck it right down my fucking throat!"
"Stuff your mouth first with shit."
"Yes, God, yes! I love it, fucking love it!"
"My cock plowing in your mouth full of shit!"
"Fuck, yes! Yes, do it!"
"Then I'll come in your mouth."
"Yes. Come in my mouth."
"You're going to stick your tongue out loaded with shit and I'm going to come all over your tongue."
"Yes. Do it, do it!"
"And then all over your face."
"Yes. Shoot your cum all over my face and in my mouth!"
"You'll swallow it all."
"Yes, fuck yes, all of it!"
My climax was coming on strong now and finally I had little choice but to give in to it and spurted my cum deep in her ass. She slammed her ass back and forth on my emptying cock and a few seconds later climaxed herself. We were drenched in sweat, the shit on us a syrupy cream. She turned to face me and grabbed me, pulling my face down to hers, kissing me.
"Holy fuck," she hissed. "That was the most intense fuck I can remember ever getting. I expect you to do all those things you said. Everything and more!"
I told her I promised I would. All of them.
.... With that exquisite image dancing in my brain, I heard the pilot announce we were soon to land and the overhead seatbelt sign dinged on. I noticed the pretty stewardess making her way down the center aisle checking that everyone had their seatbelt on, and I was amazed I hadn't even tried to flirt with her once. My goodness, Hilda, see what you've done to me?
Part 5
Sunday afternoon, still in Milwaukee, as I was waiting for the hotel van to take me to the airport, I got a call from Hilda. I had been thinking about her, wondering when I might see her again, and it was great hearing her voice. I told her a little about the business I conducted, and we chatted and joked about several other things.
"How did you make out with your boyfriend?" she asked.
"Boyfriend?" I replied and then suddenly remembered our conversation at the Chinese restaurant. "Oh yeah, my boyfriend. Well, I proposed like I said I would, but he turned me down."
"Ah, baby, I'm sorry," she responded in mock-concern.
"Do you think it was because I didn't go down on one knee when I asked him?"
"Oh, you foolish man, you. What were you thinking? Of course that was it."
"Anyway," I said, smiling to myself but putting on airs of needing much sympathy, "I'm totally devastated, as you can imagine, and will need some major consoling when I get back."
"Major consoling, huh."
"Oh yeah, major. I'm sure. I'm just broken to bits. Any ideas?"
"Well, I'm not sure," she said. "But I did return to your condo earlier today, thanks for a key, by the way, and left you a 'welcome home' present in the fridge that I made just for you. I hope you like it."
"It wouldn't be in a plastic container, would it?" I asked. If it were, I had a very good idea what that present would be.
"Yes, as a matter of fact. You might want to take it out of the fridge a little bit before you indulge yourself; it's best served at room temperature."
"I'm sure it will be the very first thing I do when I walk in. Thanks, Hilda."
"My pleasure. What time is your flight?"
"There's a slight problem there," I said. "I called the airline and they informed me my flight is delayed, but it should be sometime late this afternoon. Listen, if it's not too late when I get in, how about I give you a call and you could come see me."
"Okay, if it's not too late. I wouldn't mind popping over and giving you that welcome back present in person."
"Terrific! I'll be imagining what that will taste and feel like all the way home. Here's hoping we have a strong tailwind, and the flight is speedier than expected."
"There you go mentioning 'tail' again, one of my favorite words," she said and we both laughed.
I couldn't wait to see her, my glorious scat queen.