Well it was going to be a boring drive again alone ... mmm hang on I may be able to sneak Hayley in for the night and take her back tomorrow, that would be fun. So as usual she is excited and I pick her up. Hoping that she was thinking like I was, that this drive could be a little more fun than normal. I was wearing my purple mini skirt that pulls up easy and of course no panties. I had shaved my pussy that morning and it was already starting to twitch and moisten as I thought of what she could do to me at my work donga...mmmmm.
When I picked her up she leaned over gave me a quick kiss and immediately slid her hand up my already parted legs and straight onto the lips of my pussy. "Good", she said, "I won't be needing to rip any nickers off". This is going to be fun. She had a shorter mini skirt with the same type of top, with no underwear.
As we turned onto the highway towards work, I felt her hand sliding up my legs again, up and down my inner thigh down to my knees then back up just gently caressing my pussy with the tips of her fingers. "Your wet babe", she says and gently rubs my swollen clit... mmmmmmm fuck yes that feels good.. concentrate on driving..
Hayley giggles and as I glance over I notice that the reason she is only using one hand on me now is because her other hand is rubbing her own beautiful pussy, her leg up on the dash board and a very horny look in her eyes. She is rubbing my clit harder now and it's sending me over the edge and she knows it. "Pull over", she says. I do as soon as I can and look at her she gets out of the car comes around to the driver's door, opens it and swings my legs out so she is in front of me. She kneels down on the side of the highway and starts to lick me right there! Oh fuck this is hot. I wrap my legs around her neck and shoulders and lay back and enjoy every bit of her expert tongue. One minute licking my clit, the next shoving her tongue up my hole. Oh fuck, she starts to finger me too and it puts me over the edge and I start to come. I can hear a truck but don't give a shit! As I come he drives past getting an eyeful of Hayley eating my pussy while bent over with no pants showing the world her snatch too. It must have been the best thing he has seen on the highway ever. Wow that was insanely hot and now it was Hayley's turn...
I tell her to get up on the tray in the back of the ute and spread her legs then I start to lick her lips first then her clit up and down mmmm nice pussy. I then start to finger her with two fingers, one in her snatch the other in her ass. She loves this and after only a few minutes she is coming all over my hand and face. We get cleaned up a bit and head on down the highway again. Next stop is the local tavern and who is parked up there when we pull in? yep the trucker that saw me being eaten out on the highway.. oh well what could happen here?????
So now it's the truckers turn. He takes us out to the back room, a pool table sits in the middle. He has us both lay back on a pool table with our legs in the air. He is standing in front of Hayley when he slides his cock into her cunt. He starts pumping her while he reaches over to my snatch, shoving two fingers straight into my pussy. He is rubbing my clit so hard and finger fucking me that I cum straight away. He then concentrates on Hayley. I roll over and get up on all fours and start to lick his cock as it is sliding in and out of Harleys cunt. It doesn't take long for him to blast his load. He pulls out, and pulls his limp dick back into his pants and disappears out the back. Not even a "Thank you mam..."Fucken truck drivers, I thought.
Meanwhile I continue to eat Hayley and clean up his cum. I want to give her one almighty orgasm. When I pushed my finger back into her arse, she let out one deafening scream and squirted all over my face. The pool of fuck juice on the pool table will remain for the world to see. We then got up, smiled at our audience, grabbed some supplies and jumped into the ute and left. At least our drive to work isn't dull, I thought to myself.