Day seven (Thursday):
Jimmy woke, feeling hot. He pushed the bedclothes off his body. He heard the toilet flush. He slowly got out of bed. Thank goodness his legs still worked. He hobbled into the en suite to see Serena washing her hands.
"Good morning," said Jimmy.
"Good morning," replied Serena. "How are you this morning?"
"I'll soon see," answered Jimmy, as he sat to wee. Fortunately, it didn't take long for his urine to flow and it didn't hurt. Jimmy said, "I'm very well thank you, and you?"
"I feel very well thank you, Jimmy," answered Serena. "Are you looking forward to going to the gym?"
"Of course not," answered Jimmy, "but I'll go anyway."
Serena laughed and said, "One day, Jimmy you'll have a body just like mine and you'll want to go to the gym to keep that body looking good."
Jimmy laughed. He dressed in his black sports bra -- to cover his nipple suckers, period panties, pink compression wear, socks and gym shoes.
As usual, Serena put Jimmy through his paces on the elliptical machine and Jimmy was exhausted. Serena helped Jimmy walk back to her townhouse and Jimmy laid on the bed whilst Serena showered and he caught his breath.
Jimmy undressed, douched, lubricated and had a shower. He looked forward to using Serena's shampoo and body-wash. It smelt so nice and he liked his body smelling the same. He dried himself and caught up with Serena in her bedroom.
Serena gave Jimmy his supplements shot in his buttocks, and the extra supplements shot in each testicle. The latter hurt a bit but it was a good hurt, similar to Serena squeezing his testes.
Serena said, "I think you need a touch-up with the epilator."
"Do I?" asked Jimmy.
"Yes," answered Serena, as she plugged in the epilator. Jimmy laid face down on the bed and Serena removed all his hair except the hair on his head. That hair seemed to be growing stronger, but it might look like that because it was getting longer. There wasn't much hair to remove so after using the epilator, Serena brushed off those few hairs with a towel. She then repeated the process on Jimmy's front.
Jimmy sat at Serena's dressing table and applied some makeup. As he was getting dressed in his French maid outfit with his new, black shoes, Serena said, "Jimmy, do you remember me telling you that the pool man comes on Thursdays?"
"Yes," answered Jimmy.
"Today's Thursday," said Serena. "He comes to clean the pool... and he comes in me."
Jimmy just looked at Serena. He knew that they weren't in a relationship but he was jealous of the pool man.
Serena said, "This is an arrangement that I've had for a long time, Jimmy. I'm not about to jeopardise my lifestyle just because you're here. I never said that we are in a monogamous situation. Do you have a problem with that?"
Jimmy had no option but to say, "No... No, of course not. I'll... Shall I leave for the day?"
"No, Jimmy," answered Serena. "That won't be necessary. I never let Romain, the pool man, inside my home. You can stay inside while I... while Romain pleases me. You can watch if you like. It might turn you on. I know you watching will turn me on. Maybe you could come out and help me with Romain. He's... He's sometimes more demanding..." She didn't explain anymore.
Jimmy said, "I'll stay in here thank you." Jimmy now realised that Serena was into exhibition.
"Okay," said Serena. "I'm so pleased that you're not upset about my liaison with Romain and maybe we can all have fun with the situation."
"Maybe," answered Jimmy, wondering what fun he could have while Romain was fucking Serena.
Jimmy had washed his compression wear and was hanging it out on Serena's small, outside clothesline when he heard a man say, "Ahhhh..."
Jimmy turned around to see a man dressed in only tight shorts and what looked like reef shoes. Jimmy froze. The man was looking at Jimmy's legs. The man was smiling or, more so, grinning lasciviously. Jimmy was shocked as the man, very slowly, scanned from Jimmy's shoes, up his fishnet, stockinged legs, the straps of his suspenders, his very short skirt, apron and blouse.
The man looked confused when he saw Jimmy's face. He asked, "Serena?"
Jimmy squeaked, "She's inside."
"Oh..." said the man, frowning, "I Romain." He indicated towards the pool with his thumb and said, "I do pool..." He then smiled lasciviously and said, "Then maybe I do you."
Jimmy was scared. He said, "I'll tell Serena that you're here," and ran inside.
Jimmy found Serena in her bedroom. She was completely naked. She said, "Ah good, could you help spread some sunscreen on my back?"
Jimmy grabbed a bottle of sunscreen but Serena said, "Not that one." She handed him a similar bottle and said, "Use this one."
Jimmy looked at the two bottles. He asked, "What's the difference?"
Serena answered, "That one's personal lubricant.
"Romain and I play a little game. I asked him to rub some sunscreen on my body, and he does so. During the process he, accidentally, slips his fingers inside me. Things then progress from there. I don't want him spreading sunscreen inside my body, so I pass him that bottle of lubricant. I don't think he knows the difference and besides, I wouldn't trust him to properly cover my skin in sunscreen. I don't think that he's aware of the damage that UV does."
"I..." stumbled Jimmy. "I see."
Serena frowned, "Are you okay? You look... agitated."
"Romain's here," answered Jimmy.
"Oh, really?" asked Serena, as she looked out the window. "He's early. Someone should buy him a watch, although I'm not sure if he knows how to read one.
"You're pale Jimmy. Is something wrong?"
"Romain..." said Jimmy.
"He didn't hurt you, did he?" asked Serena.
"No, no," answered Jimmy. "He... He made... a pass... at me."
"Did he now?" asked Serena with a smile. "I'm not surprised. You look stunning, dressed like that."
Jimmy looked down at his French maid outfit. He looked up at Serena and said, "But..."
Serena seemed concerned and tapped the bed, as she said, "Sit down Jimmy. Tell me what he said."
Jimmy sat on the bed next to Serena. He said, "He looked at me... He seemed to... to lust over me..." He looked at Serena.
Serena said, "Go on."
Jimmy tried to compose himself and said, "He said that he was Romain... that, quote, 'I do pool... then maybe I do you.' He then winked at me."
"Well Jimmy, you look beautiful dressed liked that," said Serena.
"But he's a man," said Jimmy.
"You noticed?" asked Serena with a smile.
"It's hard not to notice," answered Jimmy. "His... His shorts are so tight. They... They only moderately hide his... his attributes."
"Yes... I know," said Serena. "He's not... subtle... in any way. He certainly advertises his only redeeming feature. He is handsome, in a rugged way. Wouldn't you agree?" Jimmy nodded. "But... his penis is his best... you know."
"Yes," answered Jimmy.
Serena tapped Jimmy's leg and asked, "Are you okay now?"
"Um... yes," answered Jimmy.
"Good," said Serena. "I'm going out to see Romain. You can watch the performance from here. Leave the door open so you can hear us. Romain's not likely to see you through the sheer curtains." She then smiled and raised her eyebrows, as she said, "Maybe you can come out and help me with Romain, but only if you want to. The choice is up to you. Okay?"
Jimmy nodded and watched Serena boldly walk into the backyard, completely naked except for a hat and sunglasses. She laid down on the lounge chair. She said, "Hello Romain. How are you today?"
"Good," grunted Romain, as he did something to the pool.
Serena closed her eyes, smiled and said, "I hope so. I hope you're very good today."
Jimmy watched Serena lift one leg, as she laid back on the lounge. She started to swing her knee, exposing her crotch towards Romain. Romain was watching her libidinously. He didn't take his eyes off her as he, supposedly cleaned the pool.
Serena lifted her other knee and spread her legs wide for Romain to better see and, consequently, Jimmy could also see. Her labia were puffy and a bit pink. Her vulva was moist. She was obviously enjoying her teasing of Romain and possibly Jimmy.
After several minutes, Serena adjusted the lounge chair and laid face down. She said, "Romain, would you mind rubbing some suntan lotion on my back?"
Romain dropped what he was doing and rushed out of the pool to Serena's side. He grabbed the bottle of fake sunscreen, squirted a handful of liquid onto his hand and pressed it against Serena's back.
Serena jumped and said, "Oh... that's a bit cold. It makes my nipples hard."
Jimmy was astonished at how differently Serena was behaving. She was like, a dumb bimbo, not the usual well-educated, sophisticated professional. She appeared to be an exhibitionist. He was also aware of the effect it had on Romain.
Jimmy watched Romain's eyes light up. Romain smiled and then grunted, "Sorry." Romain then rubbed his hands together and spread the lotion over Serena's back.
Serena relaxed and said, "That's better," and Romain grinned.
Romain slowly spread the lotion over Serena's skin. Jimmy saw Romain sneer as he worked his hands towards Serena's buttocks. Romain almost snarled as he squeezed Serena's buttocks. Romain edged closer and closer towards Serena's crack. When Romain's hands slid into her cleft she said, "Enough... Thank you." Romain pouted and took his hands off Serena's skin.
Serena rolled onto her back. She said, "Could you please rub some suntan lotion on my belly?"
Romain smiled again and quickly warmed up the lotion with his hands. He watched Serena as he pressed his hands onto her belly. He smiled and then rubbed the lotion over Serena's abdomen, working closer and closer towards her breasts.
Romain touched Serena's breasts. He stopped moving when he saw Serena look at him over her sunglasses. She smiled, pushed her sunglasses back onto the bridge of her nose, leaned back and said, "Continue."
Jimmy watched Romain slowly rub Serena's breasts. Romain squeezed Serena's breasts and touched her nipples. Serena smiled and sighed and Romain appeared to take that as a sign for him to continue.
Jimmy was amazed. Serena had full control over Romain's actions, with just a word or a look. He watched Romain stimulate Serena's breasts and nipples. Jimmy felt that he wanted to do that for Serena but Serena had made it clear that this was her time with Romain.
Serena looked over her sunglasses at Romain and said, "You missed a spot." She indicated her lower abdomen with her eyes and Romain slid his hands down to her pubic mons. Romain watched Serena's face and when she smiled he smiled and started to rub lotion over Serena's groin.
Jimmy watched Serena spread her legs and Romain responded by working his fingers across her vulva. Romain stimulated Serena's clitoris and Jimmy saw Serena's body tremble. Romain worked his fingers closer to Serena's vaginal opening. She lifted her knees and Romain pushed three fingers into Serena's vagina.
Jimmy saw Serena shudder and heard her grunt. She looked over her sunglasses at Romain and Romain said, "Sorry." He then fingered Serena more gently and Serena fitted her sunglasses onto her face.
Jimmy watched Romain stimulate Serena's breast with one hand and finger her with the other. He watched as Romain helped Serena have her first orgasm. She stilled Romain's hand for a moment as she recovered from her orgasm. She then released his hand and said, "Continue."
Romain enthusiastically fingered Serena to another orgasm until Serena said, "Enough... Fuck me."
This seemed to be what Romain was waiting for. Jimmy watched Romain drop his shorts and underwear in one quick motion. Romain knelt near the bottom of the lounge, lined up his impressively, hard penis with Serena's vaginal opening and shoved his cock into Serena.
Jimmy heard Serena grunt and Romain stopped pushing. Jimmy saw Serena nod her head and Romain smiled as he continued to push his shaft into Serena. Serena seemed to tense up and Romain stopped. Serena then relaxed and she nodded again, so Romain slowly thrust in and out of her.
Jimmy watched Romain's shaft sliding in and out of Serena's vagina. He watched her opening stretch as Romain pulled back out of her. It seemed as if her vagina was trying to stop Romain's shaft from moving out of her, but her natural lubrication put an end to that.
Romain increased his rate of thrusts. Serena was grunting with each thrust and later, Romain also started to grunt. Serena's body tensed up. Her back lifted off the lounge and her head tilted backwards. She opened her mouth and groaned as she came.
Romain kept thrusting at a fast rate and Serena's body relaxed onto the lounge. She tilted her head forwards and seemed to bite into Romain's shoulder. It wasn't long before she shuddered and had another orgasm.
Serena relaxed again and Romain kept thrusting. Serena seemed to be looking over Romain's shoulder at Jimmy. Jimmy thought that he was probably imagining it but then Serena's smiled. Was she smiling at him or just enjoying herself?
Romain was frantically thrusting and Serena let her body take the abuse, as she watched Jimmy. Romain grunted and stopped thrusting. Serena smiled again and looked over the sunglasses at Jimmy. There was no doubt about it, she was looking at Jimmy. Was she trying to make him jealous?
Serena gasped as Romain pulled out of her. He stood up and played with his penis which was almost flaccid. Jimmy was amazed when he saw Romain's penis regain turgidity.
Serena smiled in Jimmy's direction and shifted position. She was on all fours as Romain approached her again. Jimmy watched as Romain lined his erection up with Serena's anus. He watched as Romain slowly pushed his glans into Serena's anus. She grunted and tensed up momentarily and said, "Stop."
Romain stopped pushing. He seemed to grunt in dissatisfaction. Serena's body relaxed and pushed back onto Romain's shaft. Romain put his hands on Serena's hips and expressed his triumph with a "Ha."
At first Serena moved backwards and forwards on Romain's shaft until it was all the way in. She slowly pulled away from Romain and then pushed back again. Romain then took over the thrusting.
Jimmy thought that Serena must have lubricated herself because there appeared to be no resistance to Romain's thrusts. Jimmy watched as Romain buggered Serena. He realised he was jealous. He thought about his own bottom being well lubricated and was surprised to realise that he was jealous of Serena, not Romain. He imagined what it would feel like to have Romain thrusting in his bum instead of Serena's.
What was he thinking? Romain was obviously a man and yet... he couldn't help wondering what it would feel like.
Serena looked over her shoulder in Jimmy's direction. She smiled and said, "Enough."
Romain grunted and stopped thrusting. Serena pushed at Romain's hands and said, "Enough, out."
Romain seemed to reluctantly pull his shaft out of Serena. Serena laid back onto the lounge and called out, "Jamie, come and join us."
Jimmy froze. His penis was erect after watching Romain fuck Serena and wondering what it would be like, but he didn't want to go out there.
Serena called out again, "Come on, Jamie, you can help me."
Jimmy opened the sliding, fly-screen door and stepped out into the backyard. He felt compelled to go over to Serena. He was so nervous being near Romain.
Serena said, "Come on, Jamie, help me with this," as she indicated the juices seeping out of her vagina.
Jimmy watched the creamy liquid slowly ooze out of Serena. He felt his saliva glands working overtime. He was used to licking his own come out of Serena, but this was another man's come.
Jimmy slowly walked towards Serena. He was entranced by the creamy liquid. He found himself kneeling in front of Serena. He looked up into Serena's eyes. She's was smiling. She raised her eyebrows and nodded towards her groin. She spread her legs and a little bit of liquid dribble down her perineum. 'What a waste,' thought Jimmy, and then licked up the treat.
It was a familiar taste of male and female come mixed together, but it was a little bit different. It wasn't as sweet as his own come. Jimmy held Serena's legs and lapped at her vulva. When she released more come out of her vagina, he lapped it up, but when there were no more treats he concentrated on Serena's clitoris.
Serena sighed and Jimmy saw her tilt her head back. He was happy that he could orally please Serena and continued his cunnilingus, enthusiastically. Jimmy watched Serena's eyes and she seemed pleased. She looked up behind Jimmy and nodded.
Jimmy felt Romain's presence behind him. He felt Romain pull Jimmy's bloomers down to his knees. Romain said something in a foreign language.
Serena said, "You like anal sex, Romain, so do anal."
Romain said, "Okay," in agreement.
Jimmy looked at Serena and shook his head. Serena smiled, raised her eyebrows and nodded at Jimmy. Jimmy closed his eyes as he felt Romain move closer to him.
Jimmy felt Romain's shaft drop onto his back, just near his crack. He heard a bottle being opened and liquid run down his crack and over his anus. He felt Romain's shaft slide backwards, its tip getting closer and closer to his anus.
Jimmy felt Romain's glans press against his anus. Jimmy looked at Serena and shook his head. He scrunched up his eyes as he felt Romain's glans press harder against his anus.
"Not yet Romain," said Serena. "Let her decide."
Romain groaned in disapproval but stopped pushing.
Jimmy felt Romain's knob pressed against his anus. It felt like a ball-and-socket joint. It was slippery from all the lubricant that Romain had poured over Jimmy's crack.
Jimmy found himself rolling his hips, just like when at the gym on the elliptical machine. He realised it was an automatic movement from Serena's previous encouragement. He felt Romain's glans sliding around on his anus. It felt nice... It felt good... He wanted more...
Jimmy combined a backwards and forwards, tilting motion to the rolling of his hips. It was so stimulating. Romain's glans was rotating on his anus. He slightly pushed back and the ball-and-socket feeling increased.
Jimmy exaggerated his hip rolling, and tilting, to maximise the feeling. He looked up onto Serena's eyes. She was smiling and nodded as she raised her eyebrows again. Jimmy took this to be approval from Serena.
Jimmy closed his eyes and concentrated on pleasing Serena as he continued to pleasure himself on Romain's glans. He pressed backwards, ever so slightly, and Romain's glans slipped through Jimmy's sphincter.
Jimmy stopped moving. He felt his sphincter twitching on Romain's shaft, just behind its corona. He realised that part of a man's penis was inside him. Jimmy was embarrassed so he buried his head into Serena's groin.
Jimmy could smell her juices, combined with Romain's, so he did something that was familiar to him: he licked Serena's clitoris. He felt better: he was doing something with a woman, a beautiful woman. He concentrated on giving Serena an orgasm.
At the same time Jimmy noticed that he was slowly pushing back onto Romain's shaft. He stopped and moved forward until he felt Romain's corona catch on his, now relaxed, sphincter. He continued to lick Serena as he pushed back again. He let a few centimetres of Romain's shaft push into his anus. He then pulled out a couple of centimetres. In doing so, he was inching Romain's shaft into his rectum.
Jimmy felt his rectum being slowly dilated by Romain's glans and shaft. It felt wonderful. It was similar to when Serena pegged him with the Realdoe, but Romain's shaft had a wider girth and it was somehow more flexible. Centimetre by centimetre he let his rectum expand to comfortably take Romain's shaft. He kept licking Serena and was rewarded when Serena trembled, which was an indication that she'd had a small orgasm.
Jimmy's balls were in his belly. They stayed there most of the time. He liked the feeling of them being snug up inside his inguinal canals. His penis was fully erect. Jimmy could feel Romain's hairy balls resting on his hairless scrotum and it tickled.
Jimmy slowly pulled away from Romain, inching Romain's shaft out of his anus. He was repeating the process that he used to push Romain's shaft into his rectum, but in the opposite direction. He inched Romain's shaft out of his rectum until he felt Romain's corona catch on his sphincter.
Jimmy braced himself and then pushed all the way back against Romain and then pulled away. For the first time, Romain's shaft had gone all the way in and then all the way out in one smooth movement. It felt incredible. His rectum was being spread wide and then left empty.
Jimmy felt Romain's glans rub his prostate. It was a wonderful feeling, much better than the glans on Serena's Realdoe dildo. Romain's glans was softer, more giving. It seemed like it was made to press against Jimmy's prostate.
Jimmy placed his hands on Romain's, which were on Jimmy's hips, and tried to guide him to thrust in and out of Jimmy.
Romain wasn't very bright and made and enquiring noise.
Serena said, "I think she wants you to fuck her, Romain." She then looked at Jimmy and raised her eyebrows. Jimmy nodded ever so slightly, so Serena nodded to Romain.
Romain held onto Jimmy's hips. He abruptly pulled out of Jimmy and shoved his shaft back into Jimmy to it's fullest. Romain then repeated the process, getting faster and faster.
Jimmy clamped his arms around Serena's legs to stop him from head-butting her crotch. He lapped at Serena's vaginal opening and drank from her honey pot.
Jimmy could feel Romain's heavy balls slapping against his empty scrotum. He could feel Romain's shaft rubbing on his prostate and dilating his rectum on each thrust.
Jimmy felt his glans and shaft being scratched by the crinoline petticoat of his French-maid outfit. He could feel pre-ejaculate pumping out of his penis as Romain pumped his prostate.
Jimmy eagerly lapped Romain's come out of Serena's vagina. Jimmy grunted on each of Romain's thrusts. The tone of Jimmy's voice was getting higher and higher as the thrusting was getting more intense.
Jimmy felt a hot flush slowly spreading throughout his body. He felt his semen rush down his urethra. He shrieked as he sprayed his come over his petticoat.
Jimmy looked up into Serena's eyes. She asked, "It feels good doesn't it?"
Jimmy could only nod and then continued to lick Serena's vulva as Romain kept buggering him.
Jimmy felt another hot flush coming on. He squealed, as he came again.
Romain kept buggering Jimmy and Jimmy could feel his pre-ejaculate, or was it post-ejaculate, squirting out of his penis on each thrust.
Suddenly, Romain stopped thrusting and held their hips together with his shaft throbbing, inside Jimmy's rectum.
Jimmy could feel his anus and rectum spasm as Romain's penis throbbed. He knew Romain was coming inside of his bowels.
Romain pulled out his shaft and slapped it onto Jimmy's back like a piece of meat on a barbeque. Jimmy could feel the cold air rush into his gaping hole. Jimmy felt empty. His anus twitched as it sought to be filled but it couldn't because Romain's penis was throbbing and shooting out more semen onto Jimmy's back. Romain's penis slowly slid backwards and forwards along the top of Jimmy's crack until it was empty.
Jimmy felt Romain's penis soften.
Romain pushed Jimmy's hips and slid his flaccid penis off Jimmy's back. Romain pulled up Jimmy's bloomers and settled them in place. Jimmy felt Romain's come seep into the material and made it stick to his back and buttocks. Jimmy heard Roman wade into the pool.
Jimmy kept his head buried in Serena's groin in shame. He heard Romain enter the pool and apparently clean himself. He heard Romain pack up his equipment and move closer.
Romain said, "Same next week?"
"Yes Romain," answered Serena. "I'll see you Thursday afternoon."
Jimmy felt Romain caress his buttocks. Romain said, "Same for you, Jamie?"
Jimmy hid his face in Serena's groin. Serena said, "We'll wait and see, Romain."
"I hope we do it," said Romain and left.
Jimmy kept his head buried in Serena's crotch. He didn't want to look at her. He was so embarrassed.
Serena lifted Jimmy's chin. She smile at him. He didn't respond. He felt tears welling in his eyes. She frowned and asked, "Are you okay, Jimmy?"
"I just..." whispered Jimmy. "I just... had sex... with... a man."
"Yes..." said Serena. "Romain's very good at sex."
More tears welled in Jimmy's eyes. He said, "I'm gay, a homosexual." He buried his face onto Serena's belly in shame.
"Jimmy, haven't you had sex with a man previous to today?" asked Serena.
"No," answered Jimmy.
"Have you fantasised about it?" asked Serena.
"Well, yes," answered Jimmy, "but that's just a fantasy. I didn't do anything... until today."
"But, Jimmy, living out our fantasies is a wonderful thing," said Serena.
"But..." said Jimmy, "now... I'm a homosexual." He buried his face in his hands and wept.
"Jimmy," said Serena. "Look at me Jimmy." Jimmy looked up. She asked, "Am I a woman, Jimmy?" Jimmy nodded. She then asked, "Do you have sex with me, Jimmy?" Jimmy nodded enthusiastically.
"Good," said Serena. "I'm a woman, Romain's a man. You've had sex with both of us. A homosexual only has sex with people of his or her same sex. You have sex with people of both sexes, that makes you bisexual. You're not a homosexual, Jimmy. You're bisexual. Do you understand?"
Jimmy nodded; somehow it felt better to be bisexual. He had nothing against homosexuality but for him, it felt better being bisexual.
Serena smiled and then said, "We shouldn't worry about labelling ourselves, Jimmy. There's no need to get into semantics. Putting labels on ourselves only puts expectations on us. We don't need that. The important thing is... we enjoy ourselves.
"Did it feel good, Jimmy?" Jimmy nodded. She said, "Then that's ALL that matters, Jimmy. As long as it feels good. You're not doing anything illegal. You're not hurting anyone. In fact, I'm sure that Romain enjoyed himself. Otherwise, he would not have asked to see you again next week. I think that if you both enjoy yourselves then do it. Don't get hung up with labels. Okay?"
Jimmy nodded. He felt a lot better. He did enjoy himself. In fact, it was some of the best sex he'd ever had. Romain's penis felt so much better than Serena's Realdoe. He smiled.
Serena smiled with Jimmy. She said, "I also enjoyed myself. I received a few... fringe benefits. You certainly gave me good head." Jimmy smiled, he was proud of his ability to help Serena orgasm with his oral stimulation. She said, "And you helped me out. Romain is very... energetic in his lovemaking. I was beginning to get sore and you... distracting him, helped me a lot. Thank you, Jimmy."
Jimmy smiled. He rested the side of his head on Serena's belly. She lifted his chin and gently guided him, upwards, into a hug.
They hugged for a while. Jimmy was almost asleep when Serena said, "Come on, let's get cleaned up."
Serena held Jimmy's hand and gently guided him to her bedroom. She said, "Let's get you out of this," as she undressed Jimmy.
Serena looked at Jimmy's petticoat and said, "That's a lot of come. Did you have multiple orgasms?" Jimmy nodded.
"It feels good to have multiple orgasms, doesn't it?" asked Serena. Jimmy nodded. He was feeling a lot better.
"You relax," said Serena. "We both need to recover. I'll wash your clothes for you."
"No," said Jimmy. "I'll wash them."
"But it's my French maid's day off," said Serena with a smile.
"It'll... keep my mind busy," said Jimmy, "and... I need to cook dinner."
"I'll cook, or better still, we'll have home delivery," said Serena. "We need to recover."
"I'll wash my clothes," said Jimmy.
"Are you sure?" asked Serena.
"Yes," said Jimmy.
Serena said, "Here have this," and handed Jimmy a black capsule.
"What is it?" asked Jimmy.
"Cannabis," answered Serena, as she swallowed a capsule.
Jimmy swallowed the proffered capsule.
Serena then said, "We'd better have two; they're medicinal cannabis."
Both Jimmy and Serena giggled as they swallowed a second capsule each.
"Let's first have a nice hot shower," suggested Serena.
They both douched themselves then showered together. Jimmy had a lot of fun soaping up Serena's body and she returned the favour. They even washed each others hair. After the hot water ran out, they dried each other off.
Serena said, "We might get the munchies so I'll prepare a snack."
"I'll wash my uniform while you do that," said Jimmy.
Jimmy sat at the dressing table and applied some light makeup. He then put on his nipple suckers, in case he'd forget to put them on later; a black sports bra, to keep the nipple suckers in place; the black period panties, but first tucked away his penis; his pink dressing gown; pink slip-ons and the French maid apron.
Jimmy looked at his reflection in the full length mirror. He saw the joke French maid apron. That was how this all started. He smiled. He felt good. He looked good. He bundled up his French maid outfit, took them to the laundry and hand washed them.
After hanging out his French maid outfit, Jimmy found Serena in the kitchen. He saw that Serena had sliced some carrot, celery, capsicum, cucumber and radishes into strips. She opened a can of chickpeas and poured them into a blender. She added olive oil, sesame seeds, sweet paprika and blended it all into a paste.
"What's that?" asked Jimmy.
"Almost hummus," answered Serena.
"Almost?" asked Jimmy.
"It's close enough," answered Serena, "and if we get the munchies we won't care what it tastes like."
Jimmy laughed as Serena put all the food into the fridge.
"Are you getting a buzz?" asked Serena.
"I don't know," answered Jimmy. "I feel a bit..."
"It sneaks up on you," said Serena and giggled.
Jimmy had never seen Serena like this. She seemed to have thrown caution to the wind and was not the controlling professional that she usually portrayed. She was like a little girl. Her giggles were infectious and he giggled with her.
Serena put on some music and started to dance. Jimmy thought that she was so beautiful as she swayed around in the nude. He was jealous of her beauty.
Serena helped Jimmy out of the French maid apron and his dressing gown. Serena said, "Dance with me."
Jimmy tried to imitate Serena's moves. After a while he found it easier to undulate his body to the music. He stopped trying to imitate Serena. He closed his eyes and just let himself move with the music.
The music stopped and Jimmy opened his eyes when he heard Serena flop onto the lounge. She looked at Jimmy and said, "I've had enough dancing," and giggled.
Jimmy giggled with Serena. He'd also had enough dancing. He wasn't hot and sweaty, but he had just had enough.
Serena held out her arms and they cuddled.
Serena said, "I'm an only child."
"So am I," said Jimmy.
"My parents bought me Barbie dolls to keep me company," said Serena.
Jimmy said, "Mine didn't."
Serena burst out laughing and Jimmy joined her. They laughed for, what felt like, a long time. Jimmy had to stop. His eyes were running and his belly hurt. Jimmy staggered into the bedroom to get away from Serena's infectious laughter and calmed down. He sat at the dressing table and tidied up his makeup.
Serena asked, "Is it safe to come in?" and giggled.
"I hope so," giggled Jimmy. "My belly hurts."
"So does mine," said Serena and sat on the bench next to Jimmy.
They both smiled broadly but managed not to laugh. Serena said, "May I help you with that?"
"Sure," answered Jimmy. "We're not going out are we?"
"Definitely not," answered Serena.
"Good," said Jimmy. "I don't think that I could handle meeting other people at the moment."
"Afraid that you'd laugh in their face?" asked Serena with a smile.
"Yes," answered Jimmy and giggled.
Serena applied makeup to Jimmy's face. She said, "I tried to apply makeup to my Barbie dolls. It didn't work out well. The permanent marker didn't wash off."
Jimmy laughed and asked, "And now you're doing the same to me?"
Serena laughed and answered, "No, this'll wash off and I've become much better at applying makeup." They both laughed.
"There, all finished," said Serena. "My Barbie doll looks a lot better this time."
Jimmy laughed with Serena and looked at his reflection. He said, "Much better. You're very good at this Serena. I... I look... beautiful."
"Thank you," said Serena with a smile. "You know, the thing about Barbie dolls are the clothes. Barbie is just a tool to model the clothes. I didn't have many Barbie clothes when I was a child."
"Well..." said Jimmy. "You've got heaps of clothes now that you can dress yourself in."
"It's not the same..." said Serena. Serena's demeanour changed. She asked, "Jimmy, would you be my Barbie doll?"
Jimmy laughed and asked, "Just a tool to model clothes?"
"A friend... who'll... To have fun with... and model clothes," answered Serena.
Jimmy laughed and Serena begged, "Please... It'll be so much fun. You can choose anything you like out of my wardrobe and we'll dress you in it."
"Anything?" asked Jimmy.
"Yes," answered Serena, as she flung open every door of her wardrobe.
Jimmy laughed and started to feel Serena's clothes, as he slowly moved along. He felt the material and it felt so sensual. He wondered why men's clothes felt so boring. He saw Serena's extravagant clothes and some more practical ones.
Jimmy stopped when he felt a pair of tan coloured slacks. They felt so sensual. He asked, "What's this material?"
Serena answered, "You've got very good taste. That is a blend of silk and Merino wool."
Jimmy snapped his hand away and said, "It must be very expensive but it feels so... so..."
"Sensual?" asked Serena.
"Yes," answered Jimmy.
Serena removed the slacks from the wardrobe and held them up to Jimmy's waist. She said, "Well... I did say anything."
"No," said Jimmy. "They're too expensive. I'll ruin them. I'll try something else." Jimmy felt some more clothes and chose a beige coloured blouse.
Serena pulled out the blouse and held it up to Jimmy's chest. She took the blouse off the coathanger and held it up for Jimmy to put on.
Jimmy was about to put his arms through the sleeves when he paused and asked, "What's the material?"
"Silk," answered Serena, still smiling.
Jimmy turned and asked, "Is it expensive?"
"Not as expensive as the slacks," answered Serena and held the blouse for Jimmy to put on.
"No," said Jimmy.
Serena looked disappointed and said, "Please Jimmy. It'll be fun."
"I don't want to ruin your clothes," answered Jimmy.
"It's not like we're going to have sex in them, Jimmy," said Serena. "I'll take full responsibility. Please."
Jimmy turned his back to Serena and let her slip the blouse over his arms. She turned him around and buttoned up the blouse. She stood back and said, "It suits you, Barbie."
Jimmy laughed and looked in the mirror. He said, using his best impression of a Barbie voice, "It does, doesn't it."
Serena laughed and said, "But Barbie, you mustn't wear black underwear with light coloured clothes." She rummaged around in her drawers and brought out a white bikini. She asked, "Are you comfortable without wearing your period panties?"
Jimmy nodded so Serena took off Jimmy's underwear and put the bikini on him. She said, "Barbie goes down to the beach."
Jimmy laughed and strutted around. Serena put a beach towel over his shoulder and a sun hat on his head. She topped the outfit off with some big sunglasses and a big bag. Jimmy strutted around and said, using his Barbie voice, "Barbie doesn't go swimming because Barbie doesn't want her hair to get wet."
Serena laughed and said, "Yes, that's probably what a lot of women would do at the beach.
"Barbie gets ready for work." She took away the beach accessories and took the slacks off the coathanger. She said, "Leg."
"Are you sure?" asked Jimmy.
"Yes, I can buy another pair if they rip," answered Serena as she shook the shacks.
Jimmy stepped into the slacks and Serena slipped them up his legs. Jimmy felt the sensual material slide up his legs. It felt so wonderful.
Jimmy saw Serena pout as she tried to do up the waist buttons. Jimmy said, "I'm too fat."
Serena said, "Hmm... I've got something that might help."
Serena took the slacks off Jamie and Serena held a flesh-coloured, waist-cincher corset against Jimmy's torso. She loosened the laces then pushed the cincher against Jimmy's back. She then tightened the laces at the back from the bottom up.
Jimmy felt his waist being constricted. It felt secure. It felt... nice. He didn't know where his fat was going but he watched his waist shrink in the mirror.
"Is that too tight, Barbie?" asked Serena.
"No," answered Jimmy, using his Barbie voice.
"Good," said Serena and held the slacks for Jimmy to step into. She lifted the slacks and Jimmy felt the sensual material slide up his legs. Serena fastened the waist buttons and did up the zipper. The slacks fitted Jimmy and Jimmy sighed as he felt the material caress his legs.
Serena put the blouse on Jimmy, tucked it in and adjusted the overhang to be just right. She said, "That looks beautiful on you, Barbie."
Jimmy looked at himself in the mirror. It did look beautiful. He looked beautiful. The slacks hugged his waist and the top of his buttocks. They then slightly followed the curve of his buttocks and then fell away to the floor. The blouse was pushed out from his chest by his nipple suckers and given some form by the bikini brassiere. The blouse fluffed out the tiniest bit and then came in at the waist.
"Where are your black pumps?" asked Serena.
"I'll get them," said Jimmy.
Jimmy found his shoes and put them on. The heels accentuated his curves and raised the cuffs of the slacks off the floor.
Serena said, with a falsetto tone, "Oh Barbie, you must wear white shoes with those clothes," and laughed as she returned with a pair of white sandals. She said, "Do not put these on. You'll stretch them, so stand behind them."
Jimmy stood so that the sandals appeared, in the mirror, to be in front of his black pumps.
Serena asked, "And where are you going, Barbie?"
Jimmy answered, using his Barbie voice, "Barbie's a professional, she's going to work."
Serena clapped her hands and laughed. Jimmy was happy that Serena was happy.
They started saying things like the Barbie advertisements.
"Barbie needs new shoes so Barbie's going shopping at the mall," said Serena.
"Barbie takes the afternoon off to shop," said Jimmy.
Serena laughed and Jimmy joined in. She said, "Barbie buys some white sandals.
"It's the weekend and Barbie's going shopping again."
Serena asked, "What dress would you wear shopping on the weekend?"
Jimmy felt the material of Serena's clothes and asked, "You've got so many clothes. Any suggestions?"
Serena pulled out some summer dresses and said, "It's the weekend, I'd go for something casual, like this."
Jimmy felt the material, they were mostly cotton, so Jimmy selected a pretty dress. Serena looked at Jimmy's choice and said, "Nice choice."
Jimmy started to undress but Serena said, "Let me do it, you're my Barbie doll. You can't undress and dress yourself." Serena took the blouse and slacks off Jimmy and slid the summer dress over his head and adjusted it.
Jimmy liked Serena using him as a Barbie doll. It felt like she was paying him attention. He felt special and the clothes felt sensual.
Serena said, "Barbie buys some stockings and a black dress to go to the night club."
Serena laughed and fell onto the bed. She said, "You're the best Barbie doll I've ever had."
"Oh really?" asked Jimmy. "Would being stoned off your face have any influence on that statement?"
Serena stopped laughing, thought for a while and said, "Yes, I am stoned. Are you?"
"No, not at all," said Jimmy. "I'm totally unaffected," but then his laughter gave away the fact that he was lying. Jimmy laughed and collapsed onto the bed. They both laughed for some time and then slowly calmed themselves.
"Let's do it?" suggested Serena.
"Do what?" asked Jimmy.
"Let's take Barbie shopping," answered Serena, as she stood up and helped Jimmy onto his feet.
"No," answered Jimmy.
"Why not?" asked Serena.
"Well first of all... I'm totally whacked," said Jimmy. "I don't think that I can face the world like this. Everyone will notice that I'm stoned."
Serena laughed and then said, "Alright, we'll do it another day when you're not stoned."
"Well that's not the only reason," said Jimmy.
"What then?" asked Serena.
"I..." hesitated Jimmy. "People will know."
"Know what?" asked Serena.
"That... I'm... dressed in drag," answered Jimmy.
"Don't you dare say that," said Serena with her hands on her hips. "You are definitely NOT in drag." She pushed Jimmy in front of the full-length mirror and said, "Look at you. You are the epitome of femininity. A man dressed in drag looks like... a... a man dressed in drag. You look like a woman and I bet you a hundred dollars that no one would know that you're a man... unless... um... you spoke using your male voice or you... you showed them your penis. Is that what you're going to do?"
"No, of course not," answered Jimmy.
"Right," said Serena. "Then we'll go shopping?"
"I'll think about it," answered Jimmy.
"Please..." begged Serena. "Please, Barbie. Please let's go shopping, Barbie."
"I..." hesitated Jimmy. "I'll not make up my mind whilst stoned... All I can say, at this moment, is maybe."
Serena sighed and said, "Okay. I can live with that... for a while."
Serena said, "Come on. It's time for Barbie to get ready to go to the night club."
Jimmy let Serena undress him. She put his black underwear on him and slid sheer stockings up Jimmy's legs. She attached them to the suspender straps which were on the corset. She then dressed him in a short black cocktail dress.
Serena applied makeup to Jimmy's face and styled his hair. She then said, "Done, Barbie's ready to go to the night club."
Jimmy said, "Barbie goes with her best friend... What's Barbie's best friend's name?"
"I don't know," answered Serena. "Let's call her, Cindy."
"Barbie had to wait for her best friend, Cindy, to get ready," said Jimmy.
Serena laughed and then dressed herself in a cocktail dress. She then said, "Barbie and Cindy go dancing," as she put on some music.
Jimmy and Serena danced to the music as if they were at a night club.
A long time later, Jimmy collapsed onto the lounge and said, "Barbie's had enough."
Serena joined him and said, "Cindy's also had enough."
They laid there until Serena stood up, went to the bedroom and changed again. She returned dressed as a man.
Meanwhile, Jimmy had recovered and was moving slowly to the music.
Serena said, "Barbie meets Ken."
Jimmy laughed and said, "But Barbie can't go with Ken because she's with Cindy."
"Oh," said Serena with a deep voice. "Is Barbie a lesbian?"
Jimmy thought about his answer and what had happened earlier with Romain. He said, "Barbie is bi but Barbie doesn't want to leave her friend, Cindy."
"You're very loyal aren't you, Jimmy?" asked Serena.
Jimmy stopped swaying to the music and said, "I think it's an honourable trait and that Barbie would also be loyal."
Serena laughed and said, "Well Cindy left with... Nigel, so won't you dance with me, Barbie?"
Jimmy looked around and said, "Well... It appears that Cindy has left. Okay, I'll dance with you."
Jimmy put his arms around Serena's neck and continued to sway to the music. Serena smiled and held onto Jimmy's waist. She slowly moved closer to Jimmy and then pushed her groin against Jimmy's.
Jimmy looked at Serena's groin and saw a large bulge in her pants. He smiled and said, "Barbie thinks that Ken likes her."
"Oh yeah," said Serena with a masculine voice. "Barbie, why don't we go somewhere more secluded?"
Jimmy smiled and pressed his crotch against Serena's. He felt the bulge and rubbed it against his own groin. He felt Serena's, or Ken's, shaft press against his left testicle that was tucked up into its inguinal canal. It felt slightly painful but also very nice. He kept pressing his testes against Serena's shaft. He was becoming very aroused. He felt pre-ejaculate leak from his tucked penis and felt thankful that he was wearing his period panties, knowing that they would soak up some of his seeping liquids.
Jimmy asked, "Where do you want to go, Ken?"
Serena looked around and said, "Why don't we sit in one of the booths? It's more private there."
Jimmy let Serena lead him to the dining table. They sat next to each other. Serena put her hand on Jimmy's leg so Jimmy returned the gesture.
Serena caressed Jimmy's leg through the sheer stockings. It felt wonderful. Although Jimmy loved the feeling of his fishnet stockings, moving over his skin as he moved around, the sheer fabric of the lighter denier felt so much more sensual.
Serena slowly moved her hand up Jimmy's thigh. Jimmy closed his eyes and sighed as Serena pressed against his testes inside his belly. Jimmy moved forward and his dress slid up his legs, giving Serena easier access. He opened his eyes and said, "But Ken, someone will see us."
"No they won't," said Serena. "The table hides what we're doing. You could slip under the table and no-one would know that you were there."
"But Ken, I'm with Cindy," sighed Jimmy as the erotic emotions started to overwhelm him.
"No Barbie, you're not," said Serena. "Cindy's with Nigel now. She's probably doing exactly what we're doing."
Jimmy felt confused. He was very stoned and although he knew this was fantasy, he was a bit jealous that Cindy was off with someone else. He closed his eyes to try and assess his feelings. He thought about being in the booth with Ken at the night club. It felt nice having Ken caress his legs and microfibre panties. He felt that the gusset was soaked and may not hold anymore of his pre-ejaculate.
Jimmy opened his eyes and he was no longer at the nightclub. He was sitting next to Serena at her dining table. He looked at Serena's crotch and saw that somehow, Ken's shaft was out of his pants and he was caressing it. Jimmy looked at Serena. Serena raised her eyebrows and suggested with her chin towards her shaft.
Jimmy closed his eyes and he was back at the nightclub. He asked, "Ken, are you sure no-one can see us?"
"Absolutely, Barbie," answered Ken.
Barbie slid down her chair and concealed herself under the table. She took Ken's shaft in her hand and slowly stroked it. Ken moved forward in his seat to give Barbie better access.
Barbie licked her lips and tasted her lipstick. She touched the tip of her tongue against Ken's slit and Ken trembled. Barbie licked along Ken's shaft and Ken sighed. Barbie looked up into Ken's eyes and took his nob into her mouth. She slid her tongue over Ken's glans as she sucked it.
Ken closed his eyes and sighed as Barbie took more of Ken's shaft into her mouth. Barbie loved how she had some sort of power over Ken as she sucked his shaft. She held the base of Ken's shaft as she slid her mouth up and down on Ken's glans.
Barbie tried to push more of Ken's shaft into her mouth but she gagged when his glans touched the back of her throat. She felt tears well in her eyes, but was determined to give Ken a good time. She stroked the lower part of Ken's shaft with her hand in time with her sucking of his upper shaft. She fondled his testes with her other hand. They weren't as soft and flexible as real testes but the thought drove Barbie wild with passion.
Barbie fellated Ken as best she could and Ken's body responded. Ken groaned and said, "That feels so good, Barbie."
Barbie sucked enthusiastically with Ken's encouragement. Barbie felt her saliva run down Ken's shaft onto her hand. She massaged it into Ken's shaft and balls.
"I'm so close, Barbie," said Ken and Barbie kept blowing Ken.
"Oh... fuck!" said Ken as his body trembled.
Barbie slowed down her sucking and let Ken come down from his orgasm. Barbie was a bit disappointed that she didn't get to swallow Ken's come, but, it was a fantasy role-play.
Barbie swallowed as much of her saliva as she could. She pushed Ken's shaft back into his pants and zipped them up. She climbed back onto her seat.
Ken offered her a handkerchief and she used it to wipe her mouth and clean up some of her running mascara. She adjusted her dress and said, "Ken, why don't we get out of here?"
"Sure thing, Barbie," answered Ken and they went into the bedroom.
Jimmy laid on the bed and looked up at the ceiling. He was confused and still, very stoned. He felt his dress being slid up over his hips and watched Ken... no... Serena... slide his dress over his head and place it on the chair next to the dressing table.
Serena took off her trousers and climbed onto the bed in-between Jimmy's legs. She slid Jimmy's panties off and threw them away somewhere. She slid a condom onto the Realdoe dildo. She pulled a bottle of lubricant out of her bedside table and lubricated the dildo that jutted out from her groin. She picked up Jimmy's legs and put them onto her shoulders. She pressed the tip of the dildo against Jimmy's anus and Jimmy closed his eyes.
Serena paused and asked, "Barbie, are you okay with this?"
Jimmy was in a daze. He didn't know if he was Barbie or himself.
Serena asked, "Do you want this?"
Jimmy looked at Serena. He smiled and nodded.
Serena eased the realistic looking dildo into Jimmy's anus and Jimmy sighed as it entered him. He said, "That feels so good."
"Yes it does, doesn't it," said Serena.
"Did you come when I blew you?" asked Jimmy.
"Yes... Yes I did," answered Serena as she slowly thrust in and out of Jimmy. "The thought of Barbie blowing Ken and the movement of the pony end of the Realdoe inside of me, made me come."
"I'm glad that you enjoyed yourself," said Jimmy.
Serena stopped thrusting and asked, "Did you enjoy blowing me?"
"Yes," answered Jimmy. "I... I was totally into the role-play, as Barbie."
"Yes," said Serena with a smile. "You looked so beautiful."
"Thank you..." said Jimmy. "I... I felt... beautiful."
Serena slowly thrust in and out of Jimmy and Jimmy sighed. He loved the feeling of the dildo sliding in and out of his rectum and rubbing against his prostate. He felt pre-ejaculate dribble out of his penis as it lay on his belly. Now and then, he would scoop up his juice and drink it.
Serena slowly increased her rate of thrusting and Jimmy groaned as he felt himself slip closer and closer to having an orgasm.
"Oh... Oh..." gasped Serena as she appeared to also be close to coming. "Oh God... oh... OH!..." cried Serena as she came.
Serena had stopped thrusting as she came down from her orgasm and Jimmy felt disappointed, but then, Serena started thrusting again and this time, she was pegging Jimmy at a rapid pace.
Jimmy was in heaven. His attention was only in his backside. He could vaguely hear himself grunt each time Serena thrust into him. He was only slightly aware of his grunts becoming squeaks and then squeals. He was very much aware of his pre-ejaculate streaming out of his penis and how exquisite his bottom felt.
Serena grunted and slowed slightly with her thrusting. She then sped up again and Jimmy knew that he was about to come. He asked, "May I come?"
"Yes, Barbie," answered Serena. "Come for me," and kept pegging Jimmy as hard and as fast as she could.
Jimmy squealed as he felt his come spray out of his penis. He didn't squirt his come of late, he sprayed his come. His jism sprayed onto his torso, brassiere and face. He instinctively scooped up his come and fed it to himself.
Jimmy stopped coming but clear liquid still dribbled out of his penis as Serena kept thrusting. She cried out and then collapsed onto Jimmy, forcing his legs either side of his head.
Jimmy laughed as he had this weird thought that he had somehow become more flexible over the last week. Maybe it was the supplements that Serena was injecting into his bum and balls.
Serena laughed with Jimmy. She slowly rolled off Jimmy and the dildo slipped out if Jimmy's bottom.
Jimmy groaned and Serena asked, "Are you okay?"
"I'm... I'm a bit sore down there," answered Jimmy.
"What kind of soreness?" asked Serena.
"Kind of burning," answered Jimmy.
"Oh... well... I guess that your bottom has had a lot of action today," said Serena. "I'll give you something to ease the burning feeling."
"Thanks," said Jimmy, as Serena climbed off the bed and disappeared into the en suite.
Serena returned with a tube of something. She put some paste on her finger and wiped it around Jimmy's anus. She pushed her finger into Jimmy's arse to spread more of the liquid inside. Jimmy was about to ask what it was but decided not to. However, Serena said, "This is lidocaine. It's a muscle relaxant and also soothes the burning. You'd better put you period panties on, just in case you become too relaxed." She then laughed and Jimmy joined in.
Jimmy put on a clean pair of period panties.
Serena asked, "Are you hungry?"
"A little bit," answered Jimmy.
"Come on," said Serena as she tugged at Jimmy's arm. "Let's have some hummus."
They ate vegetable sticks and hummus. They then prepared for bed.
Jimmy longer at himself as he stood in front of the mirrors wearing black, period panties; a black sports-bra -- his nipple suckers pressed the cups away from his chest ---and the waist-cincher.
Jimmy loved the feel of the cincher. It felt tight around his waist. It made his waist look small and feminine. It accentuated his buttocks and chest. Maybe he could wear the cincher all the time? Although, it would restrict his ability to do the house chores. Jimmy sighed and climbed into bed.
Jimmy laid in bed as he listened to Serena sleep. He thought about what had happened that day and wondered what was going to happen in the future. He was still a little bit concerned about having sex with Romain, but he also knew that he enjoyed it. He also enjoyed Serena pegging him and knew that if Romain wanted to have sex with him again he'd definitely accept.
He enjoyed being Serena's Barbie doll and hoped that she would want to play dress-ups with him again. The different clothes felt exquisite on his skin. He almost permanently wore a brassiere and period panties with his penis tucked snugly up against his perineum. He loved the feeling of his testes being up in his belly. The pressure on his testes made him permanently aroused.
Jimmy wondered what was going to happen to him. Would he go out in public dressed in women's clothes?
Jimmy drifted off to sleep wondering about his future.
######
To be continued...