A warm breeze rustled through the trees, caressing Lily's skin and playing with her hair. She enjoyed the sensation. It was like half a dozen soft hands teasing her, stroking her. The thought made her smile. The most she'd ever had was four hands at a time -- besides her own, of course.
She quickened her pace as she neared the edge of the copse, straining to hear voices over the rush of the stream. Then she stepped out from the trees, only to find the bank empty before her. Mally and Wat had left. Looking across the water, she spied them in the distance, hand in hand as they headed back to their own farm. "That's a shame," she thought. "And I just sent Nick off as well."
She'd been looking forward to joining their games. The twins were delightfully uninhibited. Lily remembered the first time Mally's tongue had probed at her arse. When Wat had licked his own cream from her face. When the pair of them had licked her at the same time, front and rear. The memories sent shivers up and down her spine.
Taking off her shoes and stockings, she sat down in the grass with her skirt pulled up over her knees and her feet dangling in the water. It was cold, this early in the year, and she recalled how Wat had risen out of the stream with his cock hard, ready to fuck his sister. "It must be that fiery hair of his that kept him warm," she giggled quietly.
Lily remembered how Wat had thrust away at his twin, how Mally had moaned in extasy and clung to him. How she and Nick had watched, hidden between the trees. How she'd held his throbbing cock in her hand -- and all that had followed.
It was a shame she hadn't had it in her mouth, she reflected. It was a nice cock, hard and thick. She'd wanted to suck him, but it had been his first time and she knew he was impatient to fuck her.
She reached down with both hands to stroke her thighs through the light wool of her dress. There would be other times to suck Nick off, she knew. Suck him off, and so much more. Now that he was all grown up and ready to play with...
Her hands pulled the material of her skirt up higher, until it was bunched up around her waist. The sunlight felt wonderful on the bare skin of her thighs and her stomach. The soft breeze tickled the thin brown curls like it had played with the hair on her head earlier.
She ran a finger along her slit. It was moist, the leftovers of her fuck with Nick mingling with a new flow of juices. Her button was still sensitive, and another shiver ran through her when she touched it.
Thinking of how she'd ridden Nick's face, she gave herself a few flicks. A gasp escaped from her mouth. "If only someone was here!" she thought.
As if in answer, she heard a voice raised in song. A clear voice. A young woman, approaching from around the bend in the stream, accompanied by the cackling of geese.
Lily opened her eyes and peered across over the bare flesh of her breasts as they spilled up out of her smock. The newcomer was Jenny. She was herding a flock of geese along the far bank of the stream with a crooked staff in her hand. She hadn't noticed Lily yet, it seemed.
Smiling to herself, Lily let her head drop back down and resumed stroking herself between her legs. Jenny was a pretty thing, with dusky skin and large brown eyes, and red lips that seemed to be set in a perpetual pout. She'd always been shy, but Lily suspected she had a lusty side just waiting to break free.
Lily had tried to draw her into her games a few times. She wasn't the only one, either. Mally and Wat, too, and in fact most of the valley's younger population. Jenny's serious nature only made her even more attractive.
The quiet girl had held everyone off, though, as far as Lily knew. But once or twice... once or twice there had been a look in her eye, a smile on those pouty lips that said there were different thoughts going on beneath the quiet surface. This could be the perfect opportunity to find out.
Lily's fingers slid along her gash, spreading her cream over her lips and her button. She let out a moan that she barely needed to exaggerate. The voice across the water faltered and stopped. The cackling of the geese drew closer, though.
As her fingers explored her gash, Lily became more and more caught up in the moment. Her earlier adventures with Nick had left her in the mood, and the idea that Jenny was watching her was exciting her even more.
She let the tip of a finger explore her entrance, drawing circles around it before gently probing inside. Her other hand flicked at her bud.
A tuft of grass between her legs tickled her arse, reminding her of Mally's tongue. She gave another gasp as she felt the nerves there awaken from the stimulation. A second finger pressed into her moist opening along with the first, and this time there was no need at all to exaggerate her moans.
Remembering Jenny, she stole a glance across the stream between her lashes. The other girl was watching her, mouth open. In surprise, Lily thought at first, then she realised that Jenny's staff was planted firmly on the ground between her feet and she was rubbing herself against its shaft, pulling it up against her with both hands. The babbling geese were milling around on the bank.
Lily pushed herself up, abandoning the pretence of believing she was alone. Her eyes met Jenny's across the water, and the other girl blushed. She didn't stop grinding against the staff, though. One hand let go and clutched at her breast through the wool of her dress. She bent her head down to bite at her finger, eyes fixed on Lily.
Smiling at her, Lily began stroking herself again. The sight of her shy friend giving herself over to pleasure was as sexy as anything she'd seen for a long time.
Her fingers moved as fast as she could make them, and Jenny rubbed herself against the wooden shaft. Neither spoke a word, but their moans met and blended together across the flowing water.
Lily could feel the pressure build up inside her. She fought to hold it back, unwilling to close her eyes, not wanting to miss the sight of Jenny reaching her climax. It was clear the other girl was close.
When it came, it came suddenly. A keening sound rose deep in Jenny's throat, swelling into a wail as she bucked her hips against the staff. She closed her eyes and gave a high-pitched cry as her body shook and shuddered.
The sight of it pushed Lily over the edge too. Finally letting her eyes fall shut, she lay back in the grass and surrendered to the pleasure coursing through her. In her mind, between the bursts of purple explosions, she still saw Jenny's pretty face as it contorted in her climax.
Slowly she came down again. Gasping, she pushed herself upright. Jenny was just recovering too, it seemed. Their eyes met, and they smiled. Then Jenny took a deep, shuddering breath and turned. Clucking at her geese, she began to herd them along the bank of the stream again. As she walked away, Lily noticed a spring in the other girl's step, despite the unsteadiness of her legs.
Alone by the stream again, Lily gave a deep sigh and lay back in the grass. Her fingers were sticky, she noticed, and she sucked them into her mouth. "One of these days, Jenny," she murmured. She wondered what the other girl tasted like, and imagined pressing her face up against her pussy, licking, tasting, inhaling her scent.
The sun was rising high in the sky by now, and its warmth brushed over her bare arms and thighs like the tenderest of lovers. Deciding that she wanted to be naked, Lily quickly removed her bodice, smock and skirt. She lay back and rolled over a few times. The sun caressed her body, the grass tickled it. She gave a laugh of simple pleasure.
After a long while she rose. Moving to the stream's edge, she cautiously dipped a toe in the running water. She gave a slight shiver at the chill, then carefully lowered her foot until it rested on the muddy bottom. The water came to just above her knee here.
Reaching out to lean on the bank, she slowly lowered her other foot into the stream. The water swirled around her legs, and a fish stopped for an instant to nibble at her skin before being swept along by the current.
Filled with meltwater from the hills in the distance, the water was cold -- so cold that it began to burn. It was a good sensation. Lily took a deep breath and let herself fall backwards.
The shock punched the breath from her lungs. Her face was under water for an instant, then she surfaced, gasping for air. Strands of her long hair clung to her face, her shoulders, her breasts. Her pink nipples, she noticed, had puckered up hard and dark.
Stretching her arms and legs wide, she let the stream bear her away. The feeling was one of being both helpless and cradled. Her body spun around in the current, freezing where the water touched her, warm where the sun reached.
It wasn't long before the stream curved sharply. There in the bend, a pool had formed by the roots of several large trees. The current slowed here, and the sun's heat penetrated further below the surface to create a warm bath.
Here Lily floated. The gentle murmur of the stream filled her ears, punctuated by birdsong from the trees above. Birdsong... and someone whistling?
Opening her eyes, she glanced around. In the shade of one of the trees stood a man, watching her with a smile. Lily recognised the tune he was whistling as a dirty ballad, "Maiden Went a-Riding".
"Burt," she said aloud, "you know I'm not a maiden. How long have you been watching me?"
"Long enough for this to happen," he replied, unlacing his breeches to reveal a hard, swollen cock.
"You're so old, you must have started stroking yourself last night for it to be that hard," she said with a laugh. Burt was a little older than she was, true, but still short of his middle years. Hale and hearty, hard as an oak from a lifetime spent working in the mill, he was as lustful as any of Lily's playmates closer to her own age.
"It's true," he replied. "I dreamed of the world's most beautiful river nymph floating naked in the pond. So this morning I came here to see. And behold, here you are!"
"Oh really?" Lily laughed. Burt always knew how to flatter. "And what did this beautiful nymph do in your dream?"
Burt stepped forward to stand by the edge of the pool. "She saw my cock and fell instantly in love with it. So she sucked me off."
"Did she now?" Lily steered herself closer, then stood upright in the water facing him. His hard shaft was level with her face. She took hold of it. Its heat burned in her cold hand, still chilled from the water.
He gave a gasp. "She didn't have cold hands, though. She used her hot mouth."
"Like this?" Lily looked up at him, then opened her mouth and enveloped his swollen head.
Burt gave a gratified grunt. "That's right. But deeper." And he placed his hands on her head and pulled her forward.
Lily gladly let him. His cock felt good in her mouth. She teased it with her tongue, then sucked, then teased some more. Burt's grunts became gasps.
Reaching up with one hand, she found his heavy sack and cupped it in her palm. Then she slid one finger back between his legs to his crack and tickled. He gave a loud gasp and his head seemed to swell up even more in her mouth.
"Girl," he choked, "you drive me crazy. Don't stop. Don't stop any of it."
Lily continued to tease and suck, tickle and tug. Burt's breath was becoming ragged and she could feel his legs start to tremble. "Nearly... th--there. Nearly..."
She felt him thrust in and out of her mouth, his swollen head pressing deep inside her. Her finger slid along his crack and sought out his arse. His body convulsed, and with a strangled cry he exploded into her mouth.
Squirt after squirt he released, thrusting with his hips and pulling her face against him. She heard him grunt and gasp, felt his body tense and shake and then relax.
He released her and sat down shakily on the grass, his back against the tree trunk. Lily watched him, then she crawled out of the water until her face was pressed against his.
Now it was her turn to seize his head and pull it forward. Their lips met and opened, and she slipped her tongue into his mouth. They kissed for a long moment, eyes open and staring at each other.
Then Lily pulled back and rose. Burt gazed up at her naked body, his eyes still wide. "Do you want me to...?" He gestured towards her pussy.
"That's alright," she replied. "But you owe me."
He grinned, tucking himself away and lacing his breeches back up. "You know I'll always do anything you ask. Marry me, and let me prove it."
Laughing, she turned away and started walking along the bank, back towards where she'd come from. Her naked breasts swayed gently with each step. The last drops of water ran from her bare legs and dried in the dappled sunlight. "I'm too young for one man to handle," she called over her shoulder. "And by the time I'm ready to settle down, you'll be too old!"
She heard laughter behind her before it was drowned out by the stream's echoing chuckles. It was a fair walk back to where she'd left her clothes, and judging by the sun she'd have to hurry. Nick would be waiting for her in the glade at noon.
She ran her tongue over her lips. Sucking Burt off had been fun. She was looking forward to giving Nick the same treatment. That would do for a start.
She hurried along, thinking about what else she would do to him.