I hope you enjoy this story. This story is being told primarily by Merilee but her daughter, Cherry will also speak. There is a little rough sex in this story. If that offends you, you may want to skip this story.
Edited by DRGRiffin
Introduction
My name is Merilee. I am what most people would call trailer trash. I have always been trailer trash. My mother is trailer trash. And my daughter, well we will see. For most of my life I was a boring straight-laced version of trailer trash but recently, I have been turned into a slut/slave. But maybe I was revealed to be a slut not turned into a slut. You decide. I am still trying to figure it out. I am sure my mother sold herself for money for me. And my daughter, well only time will tell.
My mother, Bernice, was born to a farm family in Mid America. She got pregnant with me when she was sixteen. Bernice never said who my father was. My grandparents wouldn't allow her to have an abortion. Abortions weren't common back then anyway. My grandparents did help by letting Bernice and I live with them until their health failed. Bernice told me she didn't want to live with them but had no choice. My grandparents bought Mom a trailer when I was nine. They purchased a lot just outside a mid-sized city. This was a large development in the woods. The developer sectioned it into half acre lots with narrow gravel roads, a pad and hook up for trailers. The location had beautiful views of a mountain and only a twenty minutes' drive to the city center.
Mom got a job as a maid in a downtown hotel. Mom never married even though she was and still is an attractive woman.
In my early teens, it became obvious that I would look much like Mom. At twelve, I was a tall thin redhead but not what you would call pretty. I was athletic and liked playing with the boys. I played softball with the boys where they treated me like one of them. Girls had very little to do with me. At the same time, I started growing breasts. By fourteen, I was five feet six, slim with nice sized breasts. I had the largest breasts in the class. I was wearing a C-Cup bra and growing out of my bras quickly.
Boys didn't treat me like one of the boys anymore. They were more intrigued by my top than my athletic ability. At fourteen, I was somewhat strange looking, slim, tall with oversized breasts. They got in my way and I didn't like them. My body felt strange. Mom had already started warning me about boys. She warned me that boys were bad and shouldn't be trusted. She wanted me to abstain from sex until I married. I took her advice to heart. I was determined that a boy wouldn't take advantage of me.
Even with a body that was unusual I was still very much an athlete, playing girls' basketball throughout high school. By the time I was a senior in high school, I was still slim, five feet eight and played forward on the girls' varsity basketball team. My breasts continued to grow and I struggled to get into 34D-cup bras. I really should have been wearing larger bras but Mom couldn't afford to keep up with my size increases. My only friends were the girls on the basketball team. A couple of the girls were openly gay or as open as they could be at that time. I messed around with them but it was nothing serious. While I enjoyed the sexual contact, I knew I wasn't gay but was afraid of boys because of Mom's warnings.
I had very few dates even though I was asked all the time. You see in my senior year much of the severe sharp features in my face and body had rounded. I developed girl hips though still slim to go along with the large breasts and my face began to fill out. The very severe bone structure in my face had rounded into high cheek bone with enough flesh to be feminine. My lips filled out and my eyes had become large green emeralds with long eye lashes and arched reddish colored brows. My hair was thick, curly and a rust color instead of the clownish red it had been when I was younger.
So, I was eighteen, pretty, with large breasts and had only petted other girls. I was a mediocre student but a good basketball player.
The party that changed my life for the first time
My mother couldn't take me to games but my coach did. Our coach, Sam, was about forty and a very commanding figure. She was a large woman who was very serious about her job. She demanded a lot from her players and we gave it to her. So even though we were an undersized team with me being the best player on the team, we made it to the regional tournament. We had made it to the final game with a chance to go on to the state finals if we won. We lost by one point.
In the locker, Sam said, "Girls I am proud of you. We only got this far because of your hard work. We will head back tomorrow morning but I want you all to know you are winners. There will be no curfew tonight. I want you to enjoy tonight."
On the bus, Eugenia our center said to us, "The boys have some liquor and want to help us celebrate. They are coming to our room and we are going to party. I want you all to come and celebrate like coach said. I am told, the coaches are going out on the town and leave us to ourselves."
Eugenia was not only our center but the leader of the team. I mainly stayed quiet and to myself. We almost always shared a room. Eugenia took care of me and was the primary person I had made out with. She was a little taller than me but much larger. She was an imposing African American girl.
The boys had not done as well as we had. They had lost out on the tournament early. We were all staying at the same hotel. After we got back to the room, it wasn't long before a couple of the boys showed with several six packs of beer and a fifth of bourbon. I had tried beer one time and hated it but had never had hard liquor.
Beside Eugenia and I were four of the key female players. All the girls were wearing gym shorts and school tee shirts. I was clearly the only one wearing a bra.
When the boys arrived with the liquor Eugenia said, "Ok everyone grab a drink and let's toast to an outstanding session." All the other girls grabbed a beer but me so one of the boys, Mark, made me a coke and bourbon drink. He stayed close to me.
I had met Mark a couple of times in the gym. He was a guard, barely as tall as me. He had bugged me continuously our senior year to go on a date with him. I refused each time. He did nothing for me. He was average looking with a meek countenance.
We toasted each team. There was a lot of pressure to drink and I found the bourbon and coke went down easily after the first obnoxious swallow. Before I knew it, I had downed three drinks mixed by Mark. I think he made each stronger than the last.
By midnight, all the girls were naked and making out with each other and the boys. Eugenia had been trying to get me to make out with her but I kept telling her to wait until everyone left. Mark hovered around us.
Eugenia announced to what was then about ten boys and girls, "It is time the boys get to see Merilee's huge breasts. She thinks only us girls like to look at them."
Another of the girls said, "Yeah, Merilee, show off those big bumpers of yours. I think the boys need to see what is under your shirt."
I was very drunk but Mom's words were banging around in my head and I knew better. I said meekly, "I don't want to."
Eugenia said, "You aren't being a team player. Look we are all naked except for you and Mark. Mark show Merilee that it is okay."
Mark said to me, "I will if you will."
That was the last straw, I couldn't resist Eugenia any longer, I nodded yes, "I need another drink before I do."
Mark fixed me another drink and began to remove his clothes. When he got to his boxers he said, "Why don't you remove them?"
I took his boxers down. There were two other naked boys at the party but I had managed not to look at their private parts. I couldn't help but see Mark's dick. Since I hadn't seen one before I didn't know how to compare it. But now I know he was very small. He was hard already but it was only about four inches fully erect. As I pulled his underwear down I got a good view. After I did, I looked at the other two boys and he was clearly the smallest of the three.
Then the chants started, "Take it off Merilee." They all surrounded me.
I said, "Okay, I will take off my top but nothing else."
Eugenia said, "Do it!"
So, I removed my top. I had on a too small white bra that barely covered my DD-cup breasts.
Mark said, "Man those are huge. They barely fit in that bra. Show us more."
Eugenia lead the chant, "Take it off."
I took another big swallow even though I could barely stand at this point and removed my gym shorts. In my liquor soaked mind I thought this would satisfy them. But it only spurred them on.
Eugenia said, "Merilee, they want to see those bazookas you are hiding. Don't we gang?"
Then with the group still surrounding me they yelled, "Bazookas, bazookas, bazookas, ..."
I couldn't stand being the center of attention so, I cupped my hand over one breast, hiding the other with my arm, unclasped my bra and let it fall to the floor. I placed both hands over my breasts, and said, "Ok, are you happy now?"
Eugenia said, "Remove your hands and let the boys see what you have."
I shook my head no and just stood there. But I had to admit this was turning me on and I think Eugenia knew it. She then took a different tack. She grabbed my arms and pulled them away from my breasts.
Mark said, "My gawd, Merilee, those are beautiful."
Eugenia said, "Ok gang, I know what she wants." She rubbed both my breasts while the room watched. "Ok Mark, it is your turn at these." I'm not clear what the others did but now my mind went numb only knowing what Eugenia and Mark were doing to me.
Eugenia sat me down on the bed with her straddling my hips and pressing against my back while still massaging my sensitive breasts. She kissed me on the back of the neck while holding my breasts for Mark to kiss. She massaged my shoulders as Mark kissed me. My pussy was getting wet as they did this to me. The liquor had me in a fog. Before I knew it, Eugenia had placed my hand on Mark's dick. It was the first dick I had ever felt.
Eugenia whispered, "Is that your first feel of a dick?"
Mark was still kissing me as he rubbed one breast while Eugenia rubbed another.
I humbled, "Hu-ha."
Eugenia whispered, "Look at what everyone else is doing."
The other two boys were screwing a girl each while the other girls masturbated each other.
Eugenia whispered in my ear as her hands moved to my wet panties, "Don't you want that? Don't you think that would feel good?"
I was so wet and horny now I did want to be fucked, so I said, "Hu-ha."
She grabbed the top of my panties as Mark was nibbling on my nipples, I lifted so she could slide my panties off. She placed her fingers over my wet labia and massaged as Mark kissed down my hard stomach. She gently pushed me back on the bed. Mark got between my legs, placed his dick at the entrance of my pussy. Eugenia took one of my hands and helped me masturbate her clit as Mark readied to enter me.
I heard Eugenia tell Mark, "Go slow, she might be a virgin."
At this point, no one including me was thinking about protection. Mark slowly entered my pussy. Lucky for me he was small and broke my hymen without hurting me much. But I could feel the blood. Mark took a very gentle pace. He was so excited it didn't take much for him to cum. I didn't feel much when he ejaculated in me. It was only then I thought about getting pregnant. I started to cry thinking about my Mom's sermons.
Eugenia said to Mark, "Get her dressed and take her to your room but don't you dare screw her again tonight. Let her go to sleep."
Mark did as he was told. He got me dressed and into his room. I passed out almost immediately. Mark got me back to my room early in the morning before the coach found out.
I had a tremendous hangover. I was so mad at Eugenia that we never spoke to each other again.
As you might guess, I got pregnant. When Mark found out he said he wanted to marry me. I didn't feel anything for him but I decided I wanted my child to have a father and not be raised like me without a father. So, we got married right after we graduated from high school and a month before I had our daughter, Cherry.
My marriage to Mark is a sham
I never loved Mark Fenton. He was weak person. His parents did support the wedding and helped us buy a trailer that we set up next to Mom. He got a job working in a tire store. With help from Mom and his job, I could stay at home and take care of Cherry until she went to the first grade. We even saved enough money to trade in the single wide for a double wide with three bedrooms and a nice large living/dining area at least for a trailer.
He held his job with the tire store for six years. He was a good father to Cherry but not such a good husband. Sex for him was a once a week event on Saturday night and that only lasted about ten minutes. Which was fine with me as I never felt he was my lover. Even that first time, I was more excited by Eugenia and had my only orgasm from her masturbating me. Mark hardly talked to me at all. I really think he married me because he got me pregnant. So, while I resented him because he kept me from finding the right man, I did appreciate that Cherry had a father.
Mark lost the job at the tire store. He told me that the boss just didn't like him. I suspected that he just didn't work hard enough. He half-heartedly looked for another job and started drinking. To his credit he never drank at the trailer or around Cherry. He remained a good father to Cherry. With Cherry now in school, I decided I had to get a job to support us.
My mother helped us in so many ways. She gave us money after Mark lost his first job which helped feed us. I suspected the extra money was not from her cleaning job but that she was turning tricks. She was still a very sexy pretty woman with a figure that hardly changed as she got older.
She had some pull with the owners of the hotel where she worked and they gave me a job cleaning rooms. That job was enough with Mom's help for us to make it financially. We owned the trailer, our two cars and Mom had given us the lot, so we could live on the cheap. Mom was happy living so close to us as her biggest enjoyment in life was being Cherry's grandmother.
Mark was only able to hold temporary jobs. None lasted for more than six months. His drinking got worse as we got older. He lost all interest in me sexually which didn't bother me. It was easier not to pretend. As we had three bedrooms in the doublewide, he soon moved into the guest bedroom leaving me in the master. Many nights he left after Cherry went to bed and he didn't come home until he took Cherry to school. I didn't ask where he went and he never volunteered either. When he wasn't working his only real responsibility was driving Cherry to and from school.
Cherry was not quite as tall or as athletic as me but she started developing early like me. She was more of a girly girl. By the time she was a high school senior, she was five four, bra size of 34D with thirty-six inch hips and a little fleshy around the middle. She always had a pretty face. She had smooth, darker skin than me and no freckles. She was a brunette and not a redhead.
Cherry was a very good student. I made B's and C's in high school. Cherry made all A's. She knew when she was a senior that she wanted to be a nurse.
Cherry heard from both her grandmother and me that she should be very careful about boys. She seldom dated and I think when she graduated from High School she was a virgin. I did get her on the pill. I didn't want my daughter to get trapped like I did. Mom agreed with this.
Mom and I wanted Cherry to have an opportunity to go to nursing school for at least two years if not four and become an RN. Cherry took a summer job with the same employer as Mom and me but it was in their bar, cleaning in the mornings. Mom and I schemed about how to get the money for Cherry to go to school. Cherry applied to a nursing school to start in the fall so the pressure was on to find a way financially. Mark also wanted to help and managed to hold a dishwasher job at the hotel for the summer. Mark even stayed sober for part of the day he worked.
With only two weeks left before Cherry was supposed to start we had enough between the four of us to pay her tuition but not much more? We were getting desperate.
At breakfast one morning after Cherry had already left for work at the club, Bernice, my Mom, said to me, "I know a way to make this happen but you aren't going to like it. Do you want to hear it?"
I answer, "I am desperate, so yes let's hear it."
"You know don't you that I have taken money for sexual favors?"
I shook my head like I didn't want to answer but then said, "I guessed it. I mean sometimes you dressed, well, slutty."
"I took money from old man Woolsey as his sex slave. I did that occasionally for a few months at a time when we needed money. I must admit however, while I did it for money, I also found that I like being submissive. It seems that I am hyper stimulated by being forced into sexual depravity. So, I have been sexually active for my whole life and the best sex has been at the hands of people who were mildly sadistic."
"You mean you let people hurt you."
"I mean I begged for people to hurt me."
I was flabbergasted. "I just can't understand what you are telling me. Did I hear you right? You were paid to let people hurt you but you begged for it."
"Well not exactly begged to be hurt but to achieve the sexual rush that came from being dominated. Sometimes being hurt was part of being dominated. Old man Woolsey included the twins. Sid, the female twin, is a sadist like the old man. Rod, the male twin, loves to fuck. She is the one that really likes to hurt you like the old man did."
I was still flummoxed. "Are you suggesting that you do that again to help Cherry?"
"No, I no longer interest them. After all I am fifty-two and been used by them to the point that it doesn't excite them to dominant me anymore. I am suggesting you do it for Cherry. I think they would jump at a deal to use you as their sex slave. I believe you could negotiate a deal to limit the time. For them the fun is in turning people into slut slaves like Old Man Woolsey did with me. I know they still have a perversion."
"Mom, I thought I would do anything for Cherry but I just can't wrap my head around this. I mean I am barely not a virgin at thirty-six. I have only been screwed my Mark and he, well, barely fucked me. And it has been more than ten years since even my husband touched me. I am not even sure I have had an orgasm since I was married. I just don't know if I can do it."
"I think you would be surprised by how you would respond to these people. I think you and I are so much alike. I like to be dominated by people I trust and I wouldn't have known that without being forced into it. In a weird way, the Woolsey twins can be trusted. They will hurt you but do no permanent damage. And they only will play with the truly submissive. I believe it would ultimately make your life better, albeit you will be uncomfortable to start with."
"Mom, I just can't get my head around this. It doesn't make any sense to me."
Bernice said, "You don't have much time to think about it. I can help you negotiate, if you choose to try. Really, what do you have to lose? The worst case is you at least get laid by someone who knows what they are doing? What if it works. You get laid in a way you have never experienced before and we get Cherry the education she deserves?"
I looked at her quizzically then shook my head. But the idea dominated my thoughts for the next week.
Cherry's comments. As told by Cherry
Mom is right that I was a virgin when I graduated from High School. She and GranBern, my grandmother, had me so scared about sex that I wouldn't even talk to boys. I did have a lot of girlfriends and lots of boys asked me out.
Mom is wrong about me being the pretty one. She and GranBern were far more striking than me. They are taller, slimmer and that red hair made them stand out. GranBern was amazingly beautiful for fifty-two. I was more ordinary looking and while we all had large breasts, I was much closer to normal.
I badly wanted to be a nurse. I was prepared to work my way through school even if it took years. I knew that Mom and GranBern were willing to help anyway they could. Dad was an okay father but couldn't help us financially. I knew that he and Mom never had sex after I became old enough to notice. I mean the trailer was small enough so you could hear everything.
About the same time, Mom and GranBern were discussing my future, Sid Woolsey came in the club while I was cleaning and asked me to come to her office.
Sid Woolsey was also about GranBern's age. She obviously was a body builder. She was about five-feet two but extremely muscular with little body fat for a female. She had biceps that she showed off every chance she got. She would wear yoga pants and tank tops and/or sports bras almost all the time. Most of the time her midriff was uncovered to show off a muscular stomach. She had pronounced abs for a woman and a navel ring. It also looked like she had muscle where her breasts should be. She wore her blonde hair in a near boy cut. Her facial features were hard. She was oddly sexy looking in a butch sort of way.
After Sid asked me to sit she asked, "So what are you doing here?"
I scrunched up my face wondering what she meant. Finally, I said, "I am trying to make enough money this summer to go to nursing school. Mom and GranBern are both chipping in to get enough money for me to attend this fall."
Sid shook her head, "So you want to be an RN? Have you always wanted to do this?"
"Actually, I would like to get my BSN but for now, I would be happy with an RN. The BSN is a four-year degree."
"Yes, I am aware of nursing schools. How close are you to having enough money now?"
"We have enough to pay the tuition but not much else. I really need a car. It is a long way from the trailer park to the nursing school."
"Which school are you going to?"
"I am enrolled at Charles University."
The Charles University was primarily a medical school. It is closely associated with Charles Hospital. The complex was located on the other side of town from Mom and GranBern.
Sid gave me a very pleasant smile which caught me a little by surprise. She said, "You know we have been friends with Bernice for a very long time. I would like to help you. We have a home in that part of town with a guest/pool home we would be happy for you to use. We also have an old car you can use. We leave it there just in case we need an extra vehicle. Additionally, you can have a job in the bar as a cocktail waitress and continue to make some money. I would be surprised if you didn't make more money in tips that you do cleaning for us. You can work Friday and Saturday nights, right?"
I was taken aback. It took me a few beats to consider a response. I said, "That's correct. I would love to work Friday and Saturday nights. That is so generous. I don't know what to say. I mean, I hope this doesn't insult you, but why are you doing this?"
Sid smiled again. For such a severe hard woman, I was surprised that she could be warm and generous. "Two reasons really. First, Rod and I really like your GranBern. Great name by the way. Secondly, Rod and I had advantages because of our father that others haven't. It just seems right that we help others. You aren't the only person we have helped. Think about it. No pressure and honestly we have no expectations."
I smiled, stood and reached out my hand to shake, "Thanks so much. I will talk to Mom and GranBern and let you know."
I consider options to help Cherry pay for school. Remainder is told by Merilee
Cherry got home that night all excited saying, "Mom you will never guess what happened today."
"What baby?"
"Sid Woolsey called me into her office and offered to help me. She offered her guest home close to Charles along with a car I can borrow. She also said I could work in the bar on Friday and Saturday nights as a cocktail waitress. What do you think?"
I was taken aback and afraid they were somehow wanting to take advantage of Cherry. I said, "I don't know baby. We hardly know them."
"Mom, Sid said that she and Rod were good friends with GranBern. Can we ask her?"
"Sure baby, let's have GranBern over for dinner. I don't think your Dad will be home."
So Bernice came over came over for dinner. Cherry told her about the offer from Sid ending with, "What do you think? Sid said you were friends."
Bernice thought for a minute before saying, "We have known each other for a long time and yes I would say we are friends. You are sure they didn't want anything else from you?"
Cherry said, "No ma'am. She said that she was doing it out of friendship to you and wanting to help people with fewer advantages than they had."
Bernice looked and me, shrugged and said, "No way can you turn that down. It solves the transportation problem, free housing and let's Cherry continue making money without interfering with school."
I nodded but didn't like it. "Cherry you are a grown girl. If you want to do it this, then I am fine with it. I will make sure Ms. Woolsey knows how much we appreciate it."
Cherry jumped up and hugged first me and then her GranBern. "I can't thank you two enough. I think this is going to work."
There was someone at the door trying to get in. I knew it was Mark. I went and opened the door. He fell face first on the floor. He was passed out drunk. The three of us got him to bed with him mumbling something about losing the dishwashing job.
I was disgusted. We sat back down as Cherry said, "Mom, I know you have stayed with him all this time for me. Isn't it time you end this and start your life over? You are so beautiful; you could have any man you wanted."
Bernice shook her head agreeing with Cherry but I said, "Baby, it isn't that easy. I feel like I owe your father." But I thought more about maybe taking Bernice's advice and try her lifestyle. I mean, like Mom said, 'What did I have to lose?'
Cherry said loudly, "No you don't! He has been a horrible husband as long as I can remember. I don't think I can remember a time where I thought you two loved each other. It is long enough doing things for me? It is time to do something for yourself!"
Bernice said, "I think the child makes sense. He is nothing but a burden. Time for you to have a little fun. And I think I know how you can do that."
I knew what Bernice was talking about but Cherry just looked quizzical. I said, "Ok, leave me alone you two. Let's first get Cherry in school." But I was now seriously considering going to see Sid Woolsey.
I walked Bernice back to her trailer. I said, "Mom, I am seriously considering going to see Sid. Would you go with me?"
"Sure baby. Cherry is going to be gone leaving you with Mark and me. Cherry is right about losing Mark. If you are going to do that anyway, why not sow some wild oats and secure Cherry's future. I know the Woolsey's are good to their word. You're not going to like what they have to offer but you may find you like it."
"But you said they would hurt me."
"They probably will but so what. What is a little physical pain for giant orgasms and money? I believe it will release something in you that has been dormant. I can tell you I am glad for all the pain they gave me. I wish I could do it again."
"I hope you are right."
Mom and I go see Sid and Rod
Mom and I met the Woolsey's, Sid and Rod, at their club office Saturday afternoon. I got a good look at the cocktail waitress outfits. They were similar to playboy bunny outfits without the tails and ears. I thought that maybe that would be okay for Cherry to wear. Cherry was bigger up top than most of these girls, the cleavage was tasteful and they did wear fishnet stocking under the high cut bottoms.
We knocked on the office door and were asked to enter. Rod and Sid were both sitting at their desks. They had several comfortable couches and chairs sitting in the large office. They owned both the hotel and the adjoining bar. The bar offered a limited menu served out of the hotel's large restaurant. Both the hotel and bar were upscale with most of the clientele being business people during the week and then romantic getaways for couples on the weekend. They advertised a lot for weekend couples wanting a night out.
Rod like Sid was a muscle builder. To my knowledge, neither had been married. They seemed to always be together. Rod was about five-ten and maybe 150 pounds. He also had the same severe haircut and facial features as Sid. Even though they were fraternal twins, they looked like the opposite sex version of each other.
Sid took control immediately, "Please sit on the coach." She and Rod pulled up a chair close to where Bernice and I sat.
Sid continued, "I am so glad you called us. We have been wanting to talk about your girl. We are very impressed with her."
I said, "Cherry is really an outstanding person. She told us that you want to help her and that is what we want to talk about."
"Did Cherry tell you what we are offering?"
"Yes, Cherry wants to accept your help. We all appreciate it. Just don't know how to thank you. Mom tells me that there may be another kind of help you could offer if I am, hum, willing to do certain things."
Sid smiled and looked at Bernice, "Bernice has been working both of us I see. Do you understand what we want?"
"Well, Mom has tried to tell me but I am sure I don't understand."
"It is quite simple. You will be our plaything for some period of time for enough money to send Cherry to school. It is not much different than what our Dad did for Bernice more than twenty years ago. Bernice has been our plaything several times since. If I remember correctly, the first-time Dad had Bernice was for what three or four months? I remember that Bernice found it exhilarating. Didn't you Bernice?"
Bernice smiled, "It was certainly that. I found out a lot about myself. I also think Merilee will find out a lot about herself. There is also no way to tell her what will be done to her. I did assure her that if you found out she isn't submissive you would stop. I also told her that anything you do to her is really something she wants even if she doesn't know it."
Sid said, "We don't want to work with anyone that is not a submissive. Merilee, I am positive you are. I am equally sure that Cherry isn't or I would have offered her a deal."
I said, "I don't want Cherry involved in this."
Sid countered, "I personally think she deserves to know what her mother is doing for her. Cherry is a big girl. But as I said, it is up to you. Now for our deal, you will do whatever we want you to do for a month and for that month we will cover one semester of Cherry's college expenses. If after that month you want to continue we go for another month for another semester and so on. We will probably tire of you after a few months. If we tire of you before you decide to end it, then we will cover two years total for Cherry and you are free from our agreement."
I looked at Bernice as Bernice said, "What about $10k a month?"
Sid smirked, "My sweet baby, you know better. When did you get so assertive? Oh, I know being a submissive has nothing to do with this negotiation. I say with us providing transportation, housing and Cherry a job, then $5k a month."
Now Bernice smiled, "Let's make it $8k a month and I will throw in my services once a month for free. It might be fun for you to make a mother and daughter play your dirty games. And you will not interfere with Merilee's ability to work."
Sid said, "Since I am going to have her work as a cocktail waitress, instead of as a maid, then that is no problem. We will combine our playtime with her work. We accept the terms. Now we will require a legal agreement."
Bernice smiled and said, "Well that is new."
"We had a problem with someone that thought they could take advantage of us. We want you to agree to not sue us no matter what and never reveal anything we do. Anyway, here is the agreement. Take it, consider it, and Bernice should be able to answer most of your questions about what we want."
I said, "I will look it over and let you know."
Sid said, "Now as a matter of good faith, I want to see the merchandise. Get naked."
I froze. Sid said, "Oh come on. If you can't at least get nude in front of Rod and I, then no way you will be able to do this."
I shook my head in the affirmative, stood, and I started unbuttoning my blouse. Sid said, "Go slowly." I took it one button at a time. Pulled the shirt out of my jeans and slipped it off.
Sid said, "Not a very sexy bra, take it off quickly."
I unsnapped the bra and let it slide to the floor. Sid asked Rod, "Well what do you think?"
Rod said with a smirk, "Those are very squeezable. Can't wait to get my hands on them."
Sid said, "Very nice dear. Continue."
I unsnapped, unzipped and slid my jeans to the floor. Sid said, "Oh my goodness, get those ugly panties off. Is that the best you have to wear?"
I answered, "Pretty much."
"We are going to have to something about your wardrobe. Hurry get those off and I never want to see them again."
As the underwear hit the floor, reflexively I put my hand over my pussy. I had the instinct to cover my breasts but resisted it.
Sid said sternly, "Take your hands away. That pussy is mine as soon as you sign the agreement?"
I removed my hands and placed my hands on my hips.
Sid said, "Spread your legs."
I placed my feet about a foot from each other making my pussy lips visible.
Sid said, "Rod, do you remember where we have seen that color before?"
Rod smiled an evil smile, "How could I forget a pretty pussy I fucked so many times. It looks like Bernice's when she was young. I think I am looking forward to seeing if Bernice still looks like that. I bet that pussy can't even take my dick without being stretched out first. I think we need to test it before we agree. Let me dip my cock in it tonight."
Bernice said, "You can look but not sample until we have an agreement."
Sid said, "Merilee, you need to trim your pussy hair for us. Bernice knows what we like. Bernice, show us how yours is trimmed?"
Bernice smiled and said, "Yes Mistress." She pulled her skirt up and showed her neatly trimmed auburn haired panty less pussy.
I asked, "Mom, do you not wear panties?"
"Not often baby."
Sid looked at Rod, "This is going to be fun. Isn't she lovely?"
"I think she is very fuckable. I think we should fuck her tonight. I think she wants what I have." He grabbed his crotch as he said this.
Sid said to Rod. "I think you should show her what she is going to get. Let your snake loose."
Rod smiled again a lustful smile as he unzipped and pulled out a semi hard penis that was even in its state at least twice as long as Mark's. My mouth dropped.
I said to Bernice, "I can't get that into my pussy. He is more than twice Mark's size. I mean look at it."
As I talked Rod was getting harder. He liked me talking about his large dick. I could feel my pussy starting to seep. I hadn't felt this excited ever and couldn't understand how I could as they talked about me like a mare in heat.
Rod said, "I am going to tear that tight pussy up. I bet you have never been really fucked before by anyone like me."
Sid came closer and asked, "Are you getting wet dear?"
I nodded.
Sid asked, "Can I feel?"
I looked at Bernice and she shrugged. I said weakly, "Okay."
Sid slowly and gently slipped her hand over my pussy which was beginning to drip. It hadn't done that since the night with Eugenia. She let her finger slide over my extended clit. She gently rubbed it until I had a little sensation. I couldn't understand what I was feeling but I wanted her to continue.
She pulled her hand away, "Dearie, you are going to be so much fun. I think you are so ready for someone to really play with you. I could make you cum so easily."
Bernice said, "Okay that is enough. You have seen the goods. Let her get dressed."
Sid said, "Okay, get dressed Merilee."
I quickly redressed. Sid handed the agreement to Bernice, looked at me and said, "Dearie you have a lot of repressed sexual tension that needs to be released. You should do this, even if for nothing more than relief. You are going to love having a real dick to fuck and be played with."
We all shook hands as Bernice and I left.
Driving home, I said to Bernice, "I can't believe how excited I got when they made me strip. I just don't understand it. It was so humiliating but I did it for Cherry. Yet, Sid was right. I wanted her to give me an orgasm. That may be the closest I have come to a real orgasm in years."
Bernice said, "Are you going to do it? Three months may be enough to pay for two years at Charles."
"I think so but I want to sleep on it. If I don't get some kind of relief I won't be able to sleep. Do you have a vibrator I can barrow?"
Bernice laughed hard before saying, "Yeah baby, I will loan you a vibrator."
I started laughing also. I was thirty-six years old, wasn't sure I had ever had an orgasm from being fucked by a man and now I am borrowing a vibrator from my mother. But let me tell you I really needed the nice orgasm I had that night.
I decide to become the Woolsey sex slave for at least a month
The next morning, I knew I would take the Woolsey's up on their offer. The agreement essentially protected them and prevented any disclosure of our activities to anyone except Bernice and Cherry.
"Hi, this is Sid," Sid said as she answered the phone.
"This is Merilee. I have signed the agreement."
"Drop the agreement off at the club office and get measured for your waitress outfit. The manager, Early, will know you are coming. Be at our house Monday at seven and we will start your training."
"You mean the house where Cherry is staying?"
"Well, yes, but she is staying at the pool house. It is separate from the main house. Why?"
"I don't want her to see me there."
"That is your problem. I have already told you my opinion. To repeat myself, which I hate to do, you should tell her what is happening."
"I understand. I will be at your house Monday. Thank you."
"See you then."
As she hung up, I wondered if keeping this from Cherry was the right idea.
My first session with the Woolsey's
I decided I needed to dress sexy for my session with the Woolsey twins. My sexiest bra and panty set were from early marriage when I worried about impressing Mark. I also wore a blue jean skirt that I thought was short, hitting about mid-thigh and a thin white shirt. I put on additional makeup and looked in the mirror. I thought well at least you look like a slut. I had the blouse unbuttoned to show the start of cleavage. Of course, my cleavage starts high so that was only one extra button unbuttoned.
As I drove to the Woolsey's, I was incredibly nervous, anxious and excited. I was afraid of them as they had so much power over my family. I didn't want Cherry to find out her Mom was doing this. It, however, was exciting to me. I couldn't decide if it was sexual tension or that I was doing something positive for Cherry. But whatever it was, I was excited. I wanted to please the Woolsey twins. They were paying me a lot for to be their entertainment.
After an hour's drive, I parked around the corner from the Woolsey compound. I had cleaned their house with Mom before and knew the house a little. I didn't want to park in the driveway as I feared Cherry would see my car. Their property had a gate but it was open. As I walked up to knock on the door, I looked down at myself and thought,'They are going to like this.'
Sid opened the door, I reached out to shake my hand as they had always been friendly toward everyone, she said sternly, "When you are here to be our slave, you bow your head, you don't look either of us in the eye unless we tell you to and don't shake our hand."
I let out a meek, "Okay."
She practically yelled, "You say yes Mistress or Ma'am!"
I mumbled, "Yes, Mistress."
Again, she yelled, "And speak like you mean it. Bow your head and try again."
I bowed my head, sucked in my breath and said more clearly, "Yes, ma'am!"
I could feel her staring at me before she commanded, "Follow me."
I looked up enough to see her turn and I followed. She was wearing a sports bra and short gym shorts. She had such muscular legs you could see every muscle. Her little butt had a great shape. She may have weighed 110 pounds but it was all muscle and oddly sexy. It was hard to believe she was close to fifty.
She took me to a large room I hadn't seen before. I still had my head down as I came in but I could see Rod was standing wearing only thin nylon gym shorts. She said, "Look around this room. It is our gym and sex room."
The room had a big variety of weight and aerobic machines. But there was also harnesses and benches that I didn't know the purpose.
Sid said, "Bow your head! Usually when you come in this room you will drop to your knees and wait for instructions. But today we have something to take care of before we start. I am offended by those clothes!"
"But I thought I would dress sexy for you."
Sid laughed and said to Rod, "Can you believe this stupid bitch? She thought she dressed sexy. And she spoke without permission. Rod tear those ridiculous clothes off her. I can't stand to ever see them again. Slave, don't you dare move."
Rod walked up to me and stood there for a moment, whispered, "You are one miserable excuse for a slave." He then grabbed my best blouse, ripped it open with every button hitting the floor. He grabbed the sleeves of my only silk blouse and ribbed both sleeves off. He ripped the seams up both sides which allowed the blouse to slide off without me moving.
Sid then said, "That bra is hideous. Rib off the material."
Rod shoved a finger at the lacey material covering my breasts and ribbed it off both. He left just the outline of a bra with my breasts hanging out.
Sid took my breasts in her hand and said, "These are the only reason you are still here. You and your mother have the loveliest breasts I have ever seen." She rubbed them until my nipples were hard and my panties were wet. She asked, "Whose breasts are these?"
I thought about what I should say. I finally said, "They are yours, Mistress."
I was looking down at her. She yelled, "Keep your eyes down. You are not even worthy to look at us. Understand?"
"Yes Mistress."
She stepped aside and said to Rod, "Remove her skirt. The skirt would have been slutty enough if it were six inches shorter and a little tighter but I want it destroyed. Ask Rod to destroy it for you."
"Rod, please tear my skirt off."
Sid yelled, "NO! You are miserable at being our slave. Say, 'Please Sir rip the skirt off your miserable slut.'"
I knew she was trying to demean me and it was working. I could feel my panties getting wetter. This humiliating treatment was getting me sexually excited. I said as loudly as I could with my head still bowed and said, "Sir, please rip the offensive skirt your worthless slut whore. I am sorry Mistress for my offense."
Sid said, "Good, that is closer."
Rod then got behind me and ripped the zipper and seam in one jerk as the skirt fell to the floor. As Sid saw the panties she again laughed and asked, "You, stupid slut, do you think those are sexy? How old are they?"
I said, "Mistress they are about fifteen years old. I am so sorry for wearing them. Do you want me to take them off?"
Sid screamed, "You don't make suggestions. I want my brother to tear them off."
Rod still behind me grabbed the waist of my panties and jerked. He pulled so hard that I fell back into him but the panties were gone. He reached around me to keep me upright. Sid yelled, "I told you not to move. What is all that hair on your pussy? Didn't I tell you to neat it up like Bernice? I can't believe you came here with your pussy looking like that. I expect you to have a beautiful pussy."
"Mistress, I didn't have_"
Sid yelled again, "Don't you dare say time. You don't have anything else to do but please us until your servitude is over. Do you understand?"
I whimpered now near tears, "Yes Mistress."
Sid said, "I don't think you understand what we want."
I said more affirmatively, "Yes Mistress and Sir, I understand."
Sid said, "Spread your legs. Rod check pussy."
Rod roughly stuck two fingers into my hole, took his fingers out and commanded, "Lick your juices. Your pussy is nasty wet already."
I took his fingers in my mouth and licked them off. Sid then commanded, "Now slut take those offensive clothes and put them in the trash." There was a stainless trashcan, like a commercial gym in the corner. I bent to pick up my torn clothes. As I was bent over Rod stuck three fingers in my pussy and said, "You are such a wet whore. It is running down your leg." I had an orgasm. He laughed.
He pulled his finger out and held them for me to lick off as I stood. I dropped my clothes in the trashcan. As I walked away he said to Sid, "Her ass is a little skinny but I think very fuckable."
Sid laughed again and said, "I would say very spankable. She just needs to get in the gym and make her ass protrude more like mine. We need her on an exercise program."
With my head still bowed she said, "We were going to work on your ability to perform fellatio but first you need to be punished. Bend over the bench, tell us why you are being punished and beg Sir to spank you."
There were several benches to choose from. I picked the one that was the highest, it looked like a massage bench, bent over with my ass sticking up and said, "Your stupid slave didn't wear the right clothes, didn't address you correctly, and spoke without being spoken too. Sir would you please punish me."
Sid asked, "How many slaps on that skinny ass do you think is appropriate?"
I said, "Maybe five?"
Sid screamed, "You, silly girl. You should ask how many we think. I think ten is appropriate."
Before the words came out of her mouth Rod slapped my right ass cheek with a hard slap. I jumped from the surprise of it. Then he slapped the left. After he stuck each cheek three times he stopped. Sid stepped up and gently rubbed my ass cheek with some soothing lotion. Before she stopped rubbing, she rubbed my labia. I felt how wet it had become.
Sid said, "Oh yeah, you are one submissive slut. I bet I can give you an orgasm just by doing this. If I give you an orgasm, you will thank me."
She gently slid her thumb in my pussy while lightly rubbing my clit. I could feel a nice release happening. I shuddered and made a muffled sound.
I gasped, "Thank you, Mistress," after I got my breath back.
Sid said, "I want to hear more when you have an orgasm."
I said, "Yes Mistress."
"Ok finish the punishment Rod."
Rod gave me four more slaps. The licks were making a lot of noise but weren't particularly painful. I was sure my ass was red but sure there would be no bruising.
I hoped Sid would let me have another orgasm but I didn't dare ask.
Sid said, "You have taken your punishment well. I am going to give you one more orgasm but I want you to show it."
"Yes Mistress. Thank you for being so kind to your unworthy servant."
With me still bent over the bench she stroked my labia. Rod removed his gym shorts. His long dick was staring me in the face. Still stroking me Sid asked, "What do you think of my brother's cock, slut."
"It is big and beautiful." I hate to admit it but I was telling the truth. There was no comparison to Mark's cock.
"Ask Sir if you can feel it."
"Sir, may I feel your big beautiful cock?"
"Yes, you may my servant."
I gently felt his cock. I slowly gripped up and down his pole. It was definitely turning me on. I could feel myself getting even more excited where Sid was stroking. I could feel another orgasm coming even though she had not put pressure on my most sensitive spot. I wanted her to know that I was close to coming so I moaned I thought loudly, "Oooooohhhhhhhhh..." I then mix it with, "Hammmmmmam..."
I said very loudly, "I am going to cum hard mistress. Oh gawd, oh gawd, that feels incredible." I still had Rod's dick in my hand. I wanted it in my pussy even though I thought it would hurt. I had never had even half that in my pussy before but I thought it would feel good. I convulsed and moaned for what seemed like several minutes, holding onto Rod's penis, as Sid again masturbated my extended swollen clitoris.
As the orgasm subsided, my body started to relax and I stopped moaning. "Thank you, Mistress. That was incredible."
"You took your punishment well and needed a reward. Now, we are going to find out how well you give a blow job. Ask Sir if you can suck his cock."
I panicked a little. I had never sucked a man's cock. I had no idea what to do other than the obvious. But I had to say, "Yes Mistress. Sir may I suck your penis?"
Rod smiled, "Get on your knees."
With me on my knees he stood in front and me and asked, "Tell me again about my cock."
"Sir's cock is the largest one I have ever seen. It feels so good in my hand. Please may I suck it. Please Sir."
"Okay slave you may touch my cock with your mouth but you may not touch me with your hands. I want to see what you can do with your mouth."
I put my hands on my thighs, I kissed the tip and then down the shaft. Rod said, "Use lots of saliva as you lick."
I continued this as he moaned his appreciation. I thought maybe I can do this as it had gotten even larger. Rod then said, "Now take it in your mouth."
It seemed like only the tip would go in my mouth. I hadn't gotten any of the shaft in and I thought that was all I could do without gagging. Rod said, "Use your tongue and take more in."
I circled his tip with my tongue. I was struggling to keep the tip in. My eyes and nose were beginning to run. As I flicked his tip with my tongue he said, "You, lousy bitch, I told you to take more in."
I pushed forward and got maybe a couple of inches beyond the tip before I started to gag. I had to pull out so I could cough and breath again. Sid slapped my back making a very loud sound, saying, "That was a terrible attempt. You need to get half of it or you fail."
After I got my breath, I again took the tip in and this time took more than before without gagging. Rod said, "More." I got just a little more and then started gagging again. This time Sid placed a hand on the back of my head to keep it there. Rod shoved his hips forward and immediately put both hands on my shoulders and pushed me over. I fell on my side with both legs spread. "You are terrible at sex. That is the worst blow job attempt I have ever witnessed."
I started to cry, "Sir, I don't know how."
Sid yelled, "You think we should pay for this. You are the most unskilled whore we have seen. I don't know why we should brother. Stay on the floor. Rod is going to masturbate on you and I want you to keep his cum on you all night. I want you to remember how bad you are."
I started to cry, my nose still running. I started to wipe my nose while I stayed on the floor with Rod over me masturbating. Sid said, "Leave that snot where it is, I want you to walk out of here looking as miserable as you have performed for us." My face was now covered with tears, mucous and mascara. Rod came and sprayed my torso. And there was a lot of it. Mark had never come close to the volume of Rod's ejaculation.
Sid said, "On your knees and don't you dare wipe anything off your nasty self." I got on my knees with bowed head. "This was a total failure. You weren't even good enough to be called a slut. Here is what we are going to do. First, I want you to sleep with this nasty stuff on you. I want you to be consider how bad you were tonight."
She paused, bent over, pulled a handful of untrimmed pubic hair and said, "Tomorrow morning, you can shower then trim that ugly pussy hair off, get Bernice to help you."
She then pulled hard and yelled, "If I see this again I will pull it out." She was really hurting me.
I realized she wasn't going to let go until I said something. I said crying hard now from pain, "Yes Mistress, I will take care of it."
Sid let go and continued, "Then be at the club at one, to try on your cocktail outfit. You better be a better waitress than you have been our slave for tonight. After that we are going to work on your wardrobe. You got that?"
"Yes Mistress, I will do better." I was gasping for breath from my crying.
"Next Monday night we will try a blow job again. I want you to take all of Rod penis in then. So, you have a week to discover how. I will provide a couple of DVD's you can watch but Bernice is great at it. Get your whore mother to help you. She is a good slut."
Still crying I said, "Mistress I don't have a DVD player."
Sid laughed, "You are pathetic. I will take care of that for you. Now at least lick Rod's dick clean. You left him very unsatisfied tonight."
I crawled on my knees to Rod and touched his hips. He yelled, "Ask me before you touch me!"
Still crying I whimpered, "Sir, may your inept slave clean your magnificent dick?"
Rod laughed, "That was the first thing you got right. You may." I licked his dick clean of his discharge.
Sid said, "One last instruction. You can't have an orgasm until we say you can. No one fucks you unless we instruct it. Now get up and go home. You should feel lucky we are even going to give you another chance."
I got up and looked at the trash can. I wanted to ask if they meant for me to drive home nude. Sid laughed a sadistic laugh, "I want you like this until tomorrow morning. No cleaning up and no clothes until then. I am going to ask you if you followed my instructions. I will know if you lie. Now get the fuck out of my sight!"
I walked out into the night with only my shoes on. Luckily, I remembered my purse. I ran as fast as I could to the car. When I got in, I looked in the rearview mirror. I was a mess but I didn't clean any of it off. I started the car. The clock said it was almost ten o'clock. I was exhausted. As I pulled off, I gave thanks Cherry hadn't seen me leave. Now, I could only hope that Mark wasn't at the trailer. Monday was 50/50.
I pulled as close to the trailer as I could. Mark's car was there. I decided to just go in and not explain what happened. After all I really didn't care what he thought. I unlocked the trailer door and he was asleep with the TV blaring. I quietly got by him, went to the bedroom and locked the door. I got into bed. I couldn't sleep. I was so ashamed, humiliated, and defeated. But I also wanted to have an orgasm. I had kept Bernice's vibrator. I also couldn't get Rod's dick out of head. I finally fell asleep but I dreamed of that dick in my mouth and pussy. I wanted him to fuck me but I was a failure at being a slut.