Tranh stood legs wide astride; arms outstretched gripping the metal frame in front of her. Sweat dripped from her face onto her naked breasts and quivering stomach muscles. Quivering because she was straining to hold a dildo inside her shaved cunt, quivering because a 10-kilo weight hung from the dildo threatening to pull it from the grip of her cunt muscles; quivering because she had already held it within her for two minutes. So intent on this task was she that the shouts of the gamblers surrounding the 9 sided frame in the disused clothing factory, now turned into an entertainment centre in Springvale, Melbourne barely registered.
With a scream of frustration Phuong, the girl on her left announced that her dildo had dropped to the floor. A collective groan went up from her supporters as they saw their potential winnings disappear. She was the sixth of the nine women who had stood at the frame to release her hold. Tranh relaxed and looked at the nearest woman who stood 2 metres away, like her spread-eagled and naked except for her high heels and with her dildo inside her and its weight hanging between her legs.
Her name was Thuy, and similarly to Tranh, she was Vietnamese with hair and makeup that was faultless. Both women were about 35, very attractive with long black hair, lean and in perfect muscle tone. Thuy was taller and smaller breasted. The strain was showing on her face as she too relaxed and felt the stress of using only her cunt muscles to keep her dildo inside her recede.
Tranh's eyes, like most people's, were drawn to Thuy's nipples, which were an inch in length and because of her small 32A breasts they stood out like bullets. Both women wore heavy golden jewellery: Tranh, in particular, wearing a waist chain, ankle chain and four cunt rings, Thuy with her long drop diamond earrings and the three other studs in one ear (sapphire, emerald and ruby) and huge sapphire on the ring through her belly button
She had not seen Tranh for ten years since she was in the Hong Kong Vietnamese refugee camp. There Tranh was the camp Governor's mistress and provider of girls for his prostitution and fighting businesses. She had used her influence in the camp to fuck and humiliate Thuy continuing the events five years prior when Tranh, then her servant in Saigon, had raped Thuy in conjunction with the seduced Anh: Thuy's fiancée at that time. Finally, Tranh had been forced to flee the camp she ruled to Australia after Thuy, aided by Kim, an extremely beautiful polio afflicted lesbian sex addict managed to seduce the governor. Without his protection, Thuy and Kim then publicly raped and debased her in every block of the camp.
Now Tranh from Melbourne and Thuy, who had been brought down from Sydney by a consortium of wealthy gamblers, had come face to face and were once again rivals. The third Vietnamese still left in the contest, Huyen, a factory worker at Ford was older, probably about 45, tiny bodied and far less attractive.
The 1-minute break was over and the three inserted their dildos now with a 10.5-kilo weight attached and renewed their contest. Although it sounds a huge weight, as a google search will show, it was still well below the current Guinness world record of 31 pounds or 14 kilos held by Tatiata Kozhevnikova, a 42-year-old woman from Novosibirsk, Russia.
Almost at the end of her tether, Tranh glanced at Thuy to see her stretched inner lips drawn from her by the relentless pull of the weight. Suddenly Thuy started thrusting her hips violently as the dildo started to move, temporarily arresting its slide. Tranh desperately forced her tired muscles to squeeze tighter as she felt her dildo start to slip out of her. She could hear the grunts from the nearby Huyen as she kept her dildo inside her.
A weight fell to the ground. Seconds later Tranh could hold on no longer and the hand-machined metal dildo slid from her. But she was ecstatic knowing Thuy was eliminated.
"Too many dogs have ruined your fuck hole," she yelled at the despondent Thuy, reminding her of how she had Thuy service two dogs in front of her every night for the months when she controlled the camp before Thuy and Kim replaced her. Thuy sprang at Tranh trying to rip her hair out.
As security separated the two Thuy screamed, "I'll fist fuck you in front of your supporters after I win tonight."
It was now down to Tranh and the older Huyen. Both managed 11 kilos for the required 3 minutes but at 11.5 kilos Tranh at the 1 minute 40 mark felt gravity win. She looked into the sneering face of Huyen as she felt her dildo slide out of her and heard the weight crash to the floor.
Despite winning, Huyen opted to try for the Australian record of 12.3 kilos. After her one minute rest she settled the dildo inside her, clenched, took the strain as the weight was attached and sought her piece of history. Sweat ran down her face to drip on her small tits, her belly muscles rippled as she clenched, her shaved mound was pushed forward as for 3 minutes she fought to keep the 8-inch dildo in her slit.
She screamed her triumph. She was the new Australian record holder. It didn't matter that she was working on the production line at the Ford Broadmeadows plant. Now at any function, she could look any Vietnamese woman lawyer, doctor, rich property developer, pretty young thing, or whatever in the eye and they would have to acknowledge she was the superior woman.
A buzz of anticipation ran through the crowd. This was the biggest night yet provided at the converted disused clothing factory that was the main centre of illegal Vietnamese gambling. Although at this stage of the night the official betting stakes were now too high for most of the crowd to participate in, they were still staying to the last in their distant seats, enthralled by the spectacle and setting their wagers among themselves. Even the three men who had lost their homes, and had to face their families tomorrow were unable to leave.
They, like the wealthy gamblers only metres from the performance pit, had witnessed a six-hour extravaganza. Early low entry betting events had featured beginners, amateurs and housewives in the nude beauty contest. This was followed by many novice and intermediate catfights. The final preliminary event involved audience participation as the girls competed for ten minutes to collect and hold the greatest quantity of cum in their mouth. In all the preliminary events the greatest numbers of women and the most intense competition was in the over 40 years category. Many of these women managed to defeat younger opponents in the events open to any age, although an 18-year-old schoolgirl had collected $2000 for collecting the most cum. More than she got at the supermarket checkout on Saturdays.
The reason for the popularity of these nights lies in the Vietnamese psyche. Gambling was a drug to many, but as a western observer and husband to four Asians (Vietnamese, Chinese, Japanese and Filipina) I have observed that of all the Asian races Vietnamese women placed greater emphasis on sensuality, femininity and being proud of being judged as a better woman.
Even factory workers or women sewing at home on low piece rates were fashion proud and would not even go to the supermarket without wearing full makeup, painted nails, high heels and modern clothes. They thought nothing of spending to look good. An invitation to a wedding was a chance to show off to other women, and most would be wearing revealing halter necks or translucent tops and dresses with the most exaggerated slits that the other Asian 'normal housewife' would be too embarrassed to wear in public. Older women did everything to maintain their sexuality, before reluctantly finally accepting and dressing as a respected elder. To be a Vietnamese woman meant defending your sexuality and doing anything to avoid losing face to another woman.
Following a break where the crowd was entertained by Thai bargirls brought over for the event who used their cunts to swallow and regurgitate razorblades, smoke cigarettes, and empty full cans of beer through straws, the main supporting events began. A six-woman round-robin catfight was surprisingly won by a fireball Filipina import who used her short muscular body and powerful legs to first defeat, prolong the punishment and then finally sexually humiliate a local Chinese in the final. A forty-one year old Vietnamese, TuThoa, won the overall dildo contest coming first, second, second and first in the four sections for length and thickness in both cunt and arse. As she received her prize money of $3500 (which was destined for further cosmetic surgery) she triumphantly bent over clasped her ankles and instructed an organiser to simultaneously put a baseball bat in each of her entrances.
After a thirty-minute break, the main event began. Its origins lay in their love of gambling and lack of assimilation into mainstream Australia when they first arrived in the 80's. With no legal casino in Victoria at that time and only a few with better English betting on the horses betting on cards occurred at many Vietnamese parties. As they became drunker couples competed at the same time with each wife attempting to make the other's husband cum first. Apart from these standard betting matches, I have watched sisters compete for a boyfriend, women fight for a job, and settle insults or putdowns. Sometimes these were held behind closed doors, but the vast majority would be settled in a crowded lounge room.
Both Tranh in Melbourne and Thuy in Sydney had risen far above this with tonight's winner in the main event receiving $15,000 plus 5% of the official bets which totalled over $750,000 from the backers of the girls. An extra unknown amount of money was resting on the result of this bout from all the unofficial bets made in the factory that night. Tranh herself had wagered her entire savings on herself. It was a clash of Australia's two biggest cities: the Vietnamese in Sydney backing Thuy and those in Melbourne favouring Tranh.
The rules were far more formalized than those home contests played out for money or pride. Tranh had to make Thuy's main backer Son and two others selected by her from his group cum before her backer Khoa and his two selected men succumbed to Thuy. The men had been monitored for the past 24 hours. This was to stop the men draining their cum before the contest making it impossible for the women to arouse the men. The men had to co-operate by following the girl's instructions. For example, they could not refuse to let the girls suck their cocks or not refuse to enter them if they were hard enough. Before they started each girl had 15 minutes to excite the men by doing anything except touching them.
The crowd erupted as the two women entered. Thuy wore only a pair of 6-inch heels emphasizing her long legs and a transparent camisole that reached just short of her belly button which left her shaved cunt exposed. The camisole had been altered so that it was skin tight over her breasts showing her proud prominent nipples. Tranh wore platform high heels with a front sole of two inches and a heel height of 8 inches so that she would not look shorter than Thuy. Her only other piece of clothing was a black suspender belt and black stockings. As she walked forward she fingered herself and rubbed the love juice into her thrust her tits out knowing her 35C stood out in contrast to Thuy's 32A. Seeing this Thuy stopped at the video camera lay down, spread her legs, opened her inner lips with her fingers and invited the cameraman to zoom in.
Both girls stripped fully before their 3 naked targets and the competition began. Tranh first started masturbating in front of the men sucking her love juices off her finger as she noisily came three times, once in front of each man. Then she clapped her hands and five naked men came on stage. She mounted one who lay flat underneath her on a raised mattress. Lifting her hips, she took the second anally and then took her third cock in her mouth. The last two men knelt each side of her as she stroked their cocks with her hands. Soon the man in her mouth was groaning and he withdrew, shot his load over Tranh, and was replaced by another man. He was soon followed by the arse fucker, who pulled out, emptied his cock and was replaced. By the time fifteen minutes had passed, fourteen men had covered Tranh with their cum.
Three metres away Thuy was eagerly swallowing Kim's love juice as Kim fist fucked her, one hand buried in her cunt the other buried to the forearm in her arse. She had met Kim in the Hong Kong refugee camp where she had become a slave to her pain-inflicting lover. Kim had, without doubt, the most beautiful face at the factory that night despite the many super attractive women who had competed there that night. Her pear-sized breasts, which were a natural 34C were still incredibly firm. Abnormally thick one inch nipples made even Thuy's look small.
Unable to be seen except by those on stage, but often enjoyed by Thuy was a huge clit, which became erect to over an inch in length when she was aroused. Her sexual drive for women was incredible, often completely draining up to ten women one after the other in daylong orgies. Her knowledge of what aroused Thuy combined with the S&M she enjoyed meant she regularly fucked Thuy unconscious. She had contracted polio as a child and her withered legs dragged and scraped after her as she walked swinging her legs from the hips. She was only five foot tall, a unique contrast with her magnificent face, huge natural-looking tits, but with a pregnant looking gut due to her lack of exercise and her thin withered legs.
In the fifteen minutes, she and Thuy had first sixty-nined, swallowing each other's juices and noisily cumming, before she made Thuy cum by fucking her with her huge nipples, drawing them across Thuy's lips and clit inches from the men. Putting on a huge double strap-on she rode Thuy in every position bringing orgasm after orgasm from Thuy. As Thuy became more aroused she tortured Thuy's nipples in front of the 3 men causing Thuy to cum even louder. Finally, she squatted over Thuy's face, facing towards her feet as Thuy lay on her back underneath her. Thuy drew back her legs wrapping them behind Kim's waist thus lifting her hips off the ground and presenting her pussy to Kim who then proceeded to fist fuck both her holes.
Both Tranh and Thuy took their first man in their mouth. Tranh took the man's hand rubbing it over her cum covered tits while Thuy took her man's cock out of her mouth and lightly ran her firm nipples up and down its length before taking it in mouth again. Both women were expert at summing up men and had instinctively selected the men who were already aroused by what they had witnessed. Thuy's man exploded in her mouth and she turned to Tranh spitting the cum over her rival. Tranh's tongue tasted the precum in her victim and after squeezing his balls she withdrew him and let Thuy see the stream of cum that flowed from him.
Thuy's second man was already stiffening so she lay him on his back, sat astride him and let his tip touch her wet inner lips. Deliberately she drew it up and down the length of her cunt feeling the growing response to her touch. As soon as he became fully erect she drove down taking him fully in one movement. Talking to him, she told him how deep he was, told him when to expect her muscle contractions as she rode him victoriously. Beside her, Tranh had again used her mouth to harden her second man, and as she had seen his eyes watching him take her warm-up men anally, she knelt doggy style, spread her cheeks and guided him to her lubricated anal pucker hole.
Both women were in control of their man, Thuy astride hers varying her speed, sometimes moving up and down with the speed of a machine gun exciting his penis tip, sometimes slowly using her muscles to squeeze every inch of his cock. Tranh despite the seriousness of the competition was still experiencing the pride of knowing this man was going to cum in her arse as she knelt for him doggy style. Anal and watching men cum over her, as well as having a woman lick her were her big turn-ons. Again, she thought of how in the camp Thuy had to lick her cunt and arse and make her cum if Thuy was to get fed.
Both men were struggling not to cum. Each would be rewarded handsomely by their backer depending on how long they held out against the women. Unfortunately, Tranh's man was addicted to arse fucking and to have a woman who loved it and encouraged him to fuck her arse harder sent him over the top and with a prolonged cry of satisfaction he released his load in her. Walking to Thuy, Tranh let the cum drip from her arse onto her hand before licking it off and spitting it into Thuy's face. This was counterproductive as the sight of this and Thuy's humping caused her man to lose control, grab Thuy's hips thrust deep into her and cum.
The two women now only had the major backer left to deal with, the man with the most to lose. Thuy lay Khoa down, covered his face with her cunt and proceeded to rub her wet pussy over its surface. Tranh opted for the more traditional blowjob taking cock and balls entirely in her mouth. Thuy rubbed her body over her man using her hand, lips and nipples on his cock, while Tranh continued to rely on her mouth and tongue. Thuy was first to get her man hard enough to enter her and was already riding him when Tranh also mounted her man. By chance, the two men were lying close to each other and Thuy and Tranh faced each other less than one metre apart as they sat astride their victims and strived to extract cum from the two financial backers. For over ten minutes they fucked abusing, threatening and belittling each other.
Thuy's abuse turned to moaning with pleasure as she felt Khoa responding inside her and for the first time Tranh began to worry and concentrated on making the cock inside her react. She watched in terror as Khoa's breathing become laboured, and the veins stood out on his temples. His hips were moving of their own accord. Now he was fucking Thuy. She could see the triumph in Thuy's eyes and as a last resort desperately tried to force Son's cock up her arse. Even as she did Thuy spun around so that although Khoa was still inside her though she was now facing away towards his feet, pulled his legs up and thrust two fingers up his arse and cradled and fondled his balls with her other hand. It was too much for Khoa and he released his cum as his body was racked with his orgasm.
Thuy stood astride the distraught and hysterical Tranh and let the cum drip from her over her distressed rival. Tranh knew she was finished. She had lost her savings and was now unwanted rubbish by her backer Son, who had spat on her as he left humiliated by her failure. Kim limped to Thuy and together they each pinned one of Tranh's arms by kneeling on it while she lay exhausted and drained on her back. Each pulled a leg back and apart and by resting their body weight on her calf forced each leg back to her shoulder. Tranh looked frantically for help but her supporters had turned their backs on her and left en masse. In front of the huge crowd, Thuy fist fucked Tranh's cunt while Kim forced her arm deep in her arse. The crowd ignored her cries and screams, cheering Kim and Thuy on. Finally, as Kim pulled Tranh's face into her unquenchable cunt, Thuy collected the bottles of strong-smelling fish oil that flavours Vietnamese cooking from the main guest's tables. Thuy returned to where Kim was forcing Tranh to eat her by torturing Tranh's clit and nipples. As the public watched she used the bottles to fuck and pour their pungent contents into her rival's cunt and arse.
"Now you can smell like the peasant you are," she gloated as she finished by kicking Tranh's cunt.
The crowd was spellbound by what had happened and enjoying her triumph and power she yelled "Kim, take me over Tranh's body in front of her crowd.
