After being humiliated by Wanda earlier that year Dee got an email inviting her to another slave hunt.
Dear Ms Bentley,
We are inviting you to a special event next month. You were voted as one of the top twenty "Prey". We hope you will attend as the prize will be one million dollars. We have a wealthy member who has chosen you by name.
Of course winning this will not be easy. You will begin the hunt in just a thong and running shoes. You will be ring gagged and hands tied behind your back. Also you will have a remote controlled vibrator inside of you and the hunters will have the controller. To top it off the reason you will be topless is that you will have nipple clamps with bells. There will be a 4 hour time limit and you will only get a 10 minute head start.
If you win you will have the option to be a hunter at next year's hunt if you so choose. But we do get a lot of emails asking if you are going to attend each year. Granted you have yet to win but you always put on a great show for everyone watching.
Hoping to hear from you soon,
The Committee
Dee was thrilled to hear she was asked to attend. It actually caused her to feel wet and warm between her legs. She loved the idea of showing off her body to spectators. But the competitor in her made her want to win also. All of her captures were recorded and she bought the video every year. Her and her boyfriend would watch them together and have great sex afterwards. Sometimes she would watch them alone and masturbate as well.
Since her boyfriend always did well every year he was invited as well. Dee had one month to train so she would run every morning. The men (and some women) in the neighborhood learned what time she would be out and would sit on the porch to watch her run by. She always wore short yoga shorts and a sports bra. She would always smile and wave. No sports bra was a match for her 38DD's, they would bounce with every step. One day she wore white and got caught in a rainshower. Her outfit was pretty much transparent. Her dark nipples shown through and since she was waxed, you could see her pussy lips as well. Every man was looking out his window so she ran another lap around the neighborhood. All the attention made her so horny she attacked her boyfriend as soon as she walked in the door.
Dee also spent time in her home gym getting in shape. She has her boyfriend take pics and puts them on a social media site. She has over 7 million followers and she uses that income instead of having to work.
Dee and her boyfriend traveled to the area of the hunt a day early and got a hotel nearby. That night they went to dinner with Dee wearing her low cut form fitting red dress that had every man in the restaurant staring. Many got icy looks from their significant others and one got slapped. All this attention had Dee's panties soaked and nipples so hard they were poking through the dress.
Before going out Dee slipped a remote vibrator inside of her and gave the remote to her boyfriend. They had been doing this since they got the email. To try and condition her to not moan out loud. After the first week Dee was getting pretty good but tonight, with everything going on, the attention and what is happening tomorrow. When her boyfriend hit the button she let out a low guttural moan that made everyone in the restaurant look her way. The waiter even asked her if she was OK.
That night they had planned on not having sex, to save her strength for the next day. Dee was having none of that. As soon as he shut the door to their room Dee was on him like a wildcat. She undid his pants, pulled them down to his knees and pushed him back on the bed all in one motion. The next thing he knew she was on him riding his cock till she had 3 orgasms.
Morning came way too early. Dee just put on a thong and tracksuit. Then she asked her boyfriend to come into the bathroom with her. When he did she grabbed his wrist and handcuffed him to the towel rack.
"Sorry honey, I need all the advantages I can get. One less hunter who knows my tendencies will help. Don't worry, the key is out here. I'm sure the maid will be happy to help you out, bye baby."
Dee wasn't doing it for the money, she was already a multi millionaire from her social media following. This was more of a pride thing. No public transportation and taking the car she was sure he would stay put. She also slipped the maid $100 to not go into the room for a couple hours.
Arriving at the compound Dee went into the building to get processed. Storing her tracksuit and purse in the locker, she came out in just her thong and shoes. Everyone here has seen her naked several times so this was nothing new.
Handcuffs would start to chafe after a couple hours so Dee was fitted with green padded leather cuffs joined by a padlock. A female nurse inserted the egg inside of her. She was then fitted with a pair of tight spandex shorts to keep the egg in place, the ring gag and nipple clamps soon followed. "The ring gag is to hinder you muffling your moans when the vibrator is activated." She then took out a cup with honey and coated her tongue with a brush, the drool started almost immediately. Just as she thought she was done, a strap went around her elbows making them touch and making her breasts stick out even further. "A last minute request from our sponsor."
Dee was then led out to the stable to get ready for the hunt. She saw the others got the same treatment. Most were women she recognized from earlier hunts but there were a couple new ones. All had figures similar to her. But one had F-cup breasts. Dee felt sorry for her trying to run with those bouncing everywhere and not being able to hold them with her arms.
9:00 AM "Ladies, you have a 10 minute head start. I suggest you don't bunch up. If you notice you all have 8thgreen cuffs on so when you are caught the lucky fellow can do whatever he wants. Hence the gag so there will be no protest. Good luck ladies. BANG!! The starter pistol signals the start of the hunt.
The area they have to hide is 109 acres that is fenced in. Dee knew from an earlier hunt to stay away from the edges so she doesn't get trapped. A lot of the hunters will herd their prey into the corner for an easy catch. The first year they worked in groups and they found that was unfair so now every hunter must work alone. Not saying that some have had some chased into another hunter. They say it was accidental but hard to prove. Dee decided the middle was a good place to go so she could escape in any direction.
Dee was towards the front of the pack. Some were splitting off to the edges. "Fools", Dee thought. She was glad she had been training but she probably should have trained with her hands cuffed behind her. She couldn't stop those damn bells from ringing but everyone else's was as well. When she got away from everyone she slowed her pace to a walk to silence the bells.
She wanted to hide but knew from prior hunts that someone would happen upon her eventually. 10 minutes at a spot to rest then move somewhere else was her best bet.
Guessing from sun in the sky it was getting close to 11:00. She was dying of thirst. Her mouth forced open really dried her out. She remembered the pond but was leery from the last time. She approached it slowly, looking for traps. Not seeing anything she approached the bank. Kneeling down and bending over Dee stuck her face in the water to try and get a drink. The ring gag prevented her from getting a good drink. Her only option was to wade out and get a drink that way. The cool water felt good on her body plus it washed the drool off her chest. Taking a drink with her mouth propped open was difficult but at least her dry mouth felt better.
Deciding she was in one spot long enough she started heading towards the bank. Then she heard someone approaching. She thought about drinking her head under water but remembered she couldn't close her mouth. She headed towards some reeds and hoped nobody would see her.
Then she saw the 44-F cup woman approach and try and do what she did. She was obviously winded and out of shape. Bending over with her ass in the air her large tits pulled her down and she fell into the water face first. Panicking she rolled around trying to upright herself. Her grunting, splashing and ringing from her bells made an awful lot of noise. Sure enough she attracted the attention of a hunter, two in fact.
Both hunters stood on the bank and watched her splash around. The water was only a few inches deep so she was in no danger of drowning. They just waited for her to tire herself out. She finally made it to her knees and they helped her up.
Dee hid in the reeds as they tied a rope from an overhead branch to her wrists making her bend over. Pulling her shorts down they took turns fucking her from behind while the other fucked her face. When they finished they flipped a coin to who would bring her in.
Dee was very turned on by the show. If she wasn't already in the water her shorts would be soaked. Just as they were about to leave the hunter who didn't bring her in held up his remote.
Dee thought "Nooooooo..."
He pressed the button and Dee let out an involuntary moan as the vibrator stimulated her already sensitive clit. The hunter smiled. "I had a feeling we had an audience."
"You can wade out or we will drag you out, your choice. But if you mahe us get wet it will be worse for you."
Dee thought better of it and waded out.
As she stepped out of the water Dee was grabbed and given the same treatment as the other woman. She was so horny she didn't care, she enjoyed it. When they finished both men walked their quarry back to the camp leading them back by crotch ropes.
Dee was then led up on the stage with the others. They had the same poles as last time but after Dee's performance the last they all had vibrators on them. Dee was then positioned over her pole and with a press of a button it raised up into her pussy till she was on the balls of her feet. There was a button on a post in front of each woman and the men could come up and hold the button to watch them squirm. Dee had a line in front of hers. Men also came up on stage to grope and fondle the prisoners.
Another coat of honey was put on her tongue and the steady stream of drool started again. Unable to close their lips there was a chorus of moans coming from the stage. After an hour the Hunt President came up on the stage and took the microphone.
"Gentleman, let's give a big round of applause to the ladies for giving all such a good show." Once everyone was done clapping and cheering he continued. "Since nobody lasted the full four hours we don't have an actual winner. The last of the prey to be captured was Dee. Our sponsor just informed me that he is willing to award her the full million."
Just as Dee was about to be released she heard "Hold it, don't release that bitch just yet!" It was her boyfriend.
Oh shit, Dee thought.
After conferring with the president, he took the microphone.
"Apparently Miss Dee handcuffed her boyfriend in the motel this morning. Causing him to miss today's hunt. We both agree there should be some sort of punishment. We have constructed a stockade for cheaters but we have yet to use it. Miss Dee, do you plead guilty to the accusation?"
Dee nodded her head.
The president talked with the boyfriend for a minute. "The punishment will be 40 spanks with a paddle while servicing each of the hunters. After servicing the hunter you will receive 2 spanks from him. All 3 holes are permitted. Miss Dee, do you accept the punishment?"
Dee nodded again.
Dee was then led to the stockade and her head and hands were locked in place. It was adjusted to make her bend over at a 90° angle.
The boyfriend started with a blowjob then moved around behind her and fucked her in the pussy. He finished off in her ass then he came on her back. Grabbing the paddle he gave her two hard swats making her scream and ass turn instantly red. He then used a hose and sprayed her off.
The next man stayed in her mouth and came on her face. It varied after that. Some went straight for her ass but all gave her two hard swats. By the time they were done Dee's ass was purple and she wouldn't be sitting down anytime soon. They let her keep the million but she sure paid for it.
Dee and her boyfriend ordered the video of her experience and headed home with her laying on her stomach in the back of the SUV with ice packs wrapped on her ass and talking about the next hunt.