"Why am I taking such risks? Piper is crazy daring me to be like her. This dress she loaned me is like I'm wearing nothing, I feel as if it's a negligee."
Josie McKellen's dress was essentially a camisole, black silky material with dark red blossoms all over it, micro thin spaghetti straps over her shoulders try their best to keep it supported. A deep plunge in both the front and back exposed more skin than should even be allowed. Of course, no one approved it, because no one had seen her yet. The hem line was pussy level, one flinch and it was Josie Rosie, embarrassment city.
"Our no underwear pact is terrifying. Yes I know I went without yesterday but this dress is so much shorter. My students are not even going to learn anything today. Well...maybe that I'm a slut. Of course, my seeing Roman on the side tells tales, there's no hiding that anymore. From what Piper told me Roman's entire football team has heard me in his office screaming. That's...exciting actually." She shivered rubbing her forearms against a rash of chills. "My God! Just mentioning Roman has me crazy wet and he hasn't even gotten here yet." She had to shake her entire body to break out of her thoughts on the her lover leaving her still in need, obviously late.
"Okay, my first period class is all Seniors thank god. I'll just lock my classroom door between classes and change clothes before I get any younger students. I have to be careful here." Roulette most certainly, but she had it under control.
Pacing her room she turns on her heels and goes to her stashed handbag of alternative clothing for later under her desk, as if secure that it was there. Nerves were playing tricks on her behavior at the thoughts of what she intended to do. Practicing her walk around the classroom as she normally does she envisions certain targets that she had often found cute. Bending forward as if helping a student understand something in his textbook she played it out as if the boy had looked down her cleavage, with so much actual flesh in view she knew it was impossible not to see the roundness of her breasts if not the nipples. In her lurched over position she feels the hem of her dress rise up on her butt cheeks. Using her cellphone camera to reach over her back she snapped a quick picture of what she could see. Standing up to view her photo she shivered. "My God I see my pussy. I can't do this...I...dammit! I want to do this. I really hope my kids love me enough not to rat me out before I can change clothes later." In her heart she had faith, her connection with her students had always been flirty to an extent anyway, none of them said much really, knowing of Roman and that she and the Principal were close friends. Trembling heavily she set out wondering what sort of mischief she could do for her hourly session. It was only an hour, she could do this.
At her chalkboard she enacted writing an assignment and dropping her chalk. Bending over she knew they could see her ass, including a really wet clam. "What was that Reese?" She called out an invisible student, Reese Teller a boy on the schools Basketball team who was taller than most every student in school, a charmer at that. He often winked at Josie and licked his lips without ever saying a word. She on occasion would wink back but kept things innocent overall.
"You...liked seeing my coochie? Awww! That's so sweet of you Reese. I shaved specifically for you." It wasn't a complete lie, she did shave her pubes completely off for a silky soft touch. She even went so far as to lift her skirt up in front as if showing the whole class, Reese her center focus though, "See? I told you I did. You want to touch it? Well, I don't know that's getting a bit too...okay, just this once." She shuffles to his usual seating area and reacts as if he rubbed her pubic arena, glaring down at her lap then darting her eyes upward as if looking into his, "Mmmm! You bad boy, sneaking a finger along my clit. What's that Jason?" She looks over her shoulder at another invisible student, "Yes you may rub my ass." She stands quickly and leans over her desk, "Watch that finger, you got really close to my pucker there." She was in Heaven picturing it to be real. Sighing she shivered dramatically, "I HATE YOU PIPER!!" Not even close.
"Shit! I hear activity in the halls, faculty is here. I hope nobody walks in on me." Sure enough someone did. The only one she required at the moment.
"Well look at you." Her man Coach Roman Crandell entered and turned his ballcap backwards, "Get over here you sexy piece of ass." Josie could not contain her enthusiasm, after the other night at home when she told him they could not see one another anymore due to her husband Henry and saving their marriage she was really worried he might give up on her. Leaping into his arms she wrapped her legs around his hips and kissed him really hard, the intensity nearly knocking his ball cap off of his head.
"Fuck me before first bell." She begged. "Forget what I said the other day."
"That's twenty minutes from now."
"I don't care. I need that cock inside me."
"Let's close the door at least." He suggested walking with her in his arms.
"Don't! Leave it open. Let's start taking more risks. I want this to be incredible."
"Risk worth taking Beautiful. Uhhh! I might need to let you down to unzip my pants." She immediately let go and he stood her on the floor. Before he could even lift a finger to unzip his slacks she was kneeling to do it for him. Pants opened she pulls out his magnificent 8 and strokes him off, a thought later she swallowed his dick a good five inches down her throat. "Daaaamn McKellen, what's gotten into you?"
"This." She leaps to her feet back up into his clutches, using her hand to reach behind her and line up his thick rimmed crown. With a snug penetration she let out a deafening, "YESSSSSSSSSSS! FUCK ME ROMAN."
He did his best, standing tall and allowing her to exercise her own thrusts along with his. She was so wet he could hear her juices squishing in and around his girth. "I love this dick, Oh my God Roman." He huffed at her fiery gaze, she was completely obsessed with what she was doing. For the first time ever Roman wasn't in control, she was consumed with lust. Teetering in step Roman eyed the opened classroom door and took her right to the threshold. Peering carefully around the corner for any possible onlookers he felt safe enough to move her from inside the room to the wall just outside the door. She was so hot she didn't even care.
Pounding her she let out a shrill squeal forcing Roman to palm her mouth to quiet her. Tearing her up she screamed under a muzzled hand. Cumming hard she left a puddle at their feet along the walls trim. Once he begins his own final descent toward madness he cums inside her hard. Another scream left her breathless. Being fixed after the twins, Josie nearly always insisted her lover cum deep. He had no complaints.
Voices oncoming he quickly carries her back into the classroom out of eye sight, and kicked the door shut. Laughing together he lowered her to the tile floor and kissed her with a serious emotion between them, one long practiced even though she insisted that she loved her husband. He was pretty okay her just loving his cock.
"On your knees and drain that bad boy." Obedient she slipped down instantly and sucked him dry, even licking his balls of tiny droplets. His monster cock was all over her face before he put his pecker away, going so far as to slap it on her lips multiple times as she locked her doe like eyes on his. A few solid throat thrusts of her own volition she drained his monster of its life force.
Without warning a set of hands began clapping. Panicky both Josie and Roman look to their right then relax laughing. "DON'T SCARE US LIKE THAT." Someone had passed them by earlier and decided to come back through. Opening the door so quietly that they were left unaware.
"You must be Counsellor Cherry." Roman dares to show off his beefy cock out of ego, stroking it at least five times for the sheer mischief of it. Piper puckered her lower lip at him.
"My bestie's right, you are hung like a horse. Maybe I'll call my brother-in-law he breeds race horses. He's always looking for a worthy stud." She winks, "Roman I presume?"
"That's right. You're here early too."
"I figured I'd catch up with some of the Teachers and feel them out. I'm digging Roger Dundee. Can I start with you?" She lifts away from her leaning post along the wall and creeps in to fondle his erection. "This thing actually fits in your tiny mouth?" She smirks at Josie.
"Hey! Get your own Coach." Josie hops up adjusting her dress and lightly smacks Piper's knuckle.
"Someone's jealous." Piper snapped a grin at Roman. Sighing she relents and slaps both hands over Roman's chest, "All yours Pussycat. Undie check?" Josie beats her to her skirt and hikes it up for a bubbly 360 dance. In turn Piper hikes her own dress and shows off her own luscious bare bottom, her G-string hidden deep. Roman nodded his approval.
"I'd tap that." He chuckled.
"Nope! You're all my besties. I have her hubby to satisfy my itch."
"You bitch." Josie winces laughing. In a blinding breath Josie stormed Piper kissing her on the mouth with a dance of frolicking tongues. At first Piper enjoyed it then reached up to grip Josie by her chin to push her away.
"Oh, you didn't." Josie laughed then showed Roman his cum on her tongue, what little that wasn't shared with Piper. He flipped his ballcap back around facing the brim forward and grinned. Piper wagging her own tongue revealed an offered dose of more jizz. Swallowing it Piper smacked her lips, "Tastes like Old Spice."
"Yep, you bitch." Roman chuckled zipping up. "Bells about to ring I'll leave you two ladies to it."
Observing him walk away Piper admired his chiseled ass even behind tacky tan colored slacks. Josie giggling apologized, "Sorry I couldn't resist."
"Never apologize Bestie. Trust me I'll get even."
"I feel so...alive. He and I have never done it outside his office and the boys shower room. I just had to expand my WHOREizons."
"I'm rubbing off on you Jojo, even my silly puns."
"I love you Piper."
"Love you too Pussycat. Give those students hell today. I know I will. I'm strangely looking forward to Detention tomorrow. Roger's covering me today unless I change my mind."
"All yours! Those freaks are unruly as hell."
"My favorite." Piper lays a devilish chin on her own bare shoulder with sparkling eyes. You look stunning in my dress. I told you the fit was right for your stature. That dress was made for Josie McKellen. When we get a free weekend I'll take you shopping for more dresses that fit like this one. Our shopping trip the other day was just the beginning Bestie."
"I can't wear this all day Piper. The rules we're breaking border on laws. My first class is all seniors, some of my others have way too many younger students."
"Then keep your legs closed around them. You're wearing this dress all day, you can change in your car."
"WHAT? Piper I can't."
"Tatas for now." Piper lifts her tits beneath her own patterned dress similar in cut and length, save hers being a button down. With a blown kiss she left Josie speechless.
"Good thing I didn't tell her I had a change of clothes ready." Josie holds her chest feeling her heart race. Returning to her desk she sits down and decides to nudge her bagged clothing with a toe. Eyes bulging she realized the bag wasn't there. "YOU NINJA BITCH!!" She bellowed at the top of her lungs.
Laughing from the hallway Piper dangled her bag in front of the doorway for Josie to see. Leaping to her feet she raced to the door just as the bell rang. Without realizing it the halls were full of students. Whimpering she watched Piper stick her tongue out and stash her bag into a boys locker. A commitment from the boy promising not to let Josie in to retrieve it just made her day. "Oooooooooooo! I HATE YOU...BESTIE."
With no choice in sight she welcomed her first class with opened arms. Standing in the doorway at an angle she discovered the wandering eyes of every young man in her class. In her mind she calculated each boy reciting, "18, 18, 18..." She knew ages because of wishing them Happy Birthday's all year long. Toward the end of her filling up classroom she discovered one still 17, a young girl, one of only five girls in her class. Gritting her teeth as she passed her by Josie trembled, "Only when Tabitha isn't looking. I'm sooo stupid." Probably so.
She got her share of compliments for certain as nearly every boy whispered at least a little something, ranging from a simple, "Hot dress Mrs. M." to a more provocative, "Don't drop your eraser." She found that one especially cute. She even went as far as replying, "You'll be the second to know." Everybody kept things for the most part civil even though there were questions.
"Mrs. McKellen?" A girl raised her hand, "Where can I buy a dress that cute?"
"I'll tell you after I find out. eBay store." She lied. "I think you'd look adorable in it April."
"Me too."
"Us too." A boy named Logan laughed. Everyone found April cute as well, in a nerdy kind of way.
"How do you and Miss Cherry rate getting to wear dresses like that?" Deena Wallace spoke up, not upset just curious.
"You heard Principal Manley, he's lapsing on the dress code. One day a week for the students."
"Five days a week for you and Piper?" Another boy had to know. One of the boys that had witnessed Piper somersaulting in the gym until her tits fell out presumed.
"Yes. Is that a problem Adam?"
"Nope! Just don't yell at us for drooling."
"While that's very sweet I think it's better you keep such thoughts to yourselves."
"Fantasies you mean." Logan added.
"Call it what you like I just feel some things should go unspoken."
"Yeah, right! We're all going to keep our opinions to ourselves." Logan continued to press buttons until her star basketball player Reese spoke up to defend her.
"Yo Logan, I respect Mrs. M. I know all of you do too, so shut your yaps and let her do her job. Nobody here will rat you out Mrs.M."
"Thank you Reese. While that is hard to believe I'll hope for the best."
"I got your back Mrs. M."
"I got your front." Logan laughed, "Sorry Mrs. McKellen, you wearing that just brings out the animal in us."
"Should I go back to my usual style of dress?"
"NOOOOOOOOOOOO!" Every boy there rallied to keep her wearing so little. Even April and strangely Tabitha Williams the youngest of the bunch.
"Alrighty then." Josie blushed, "Let's change the subject here and actually learn something. Book out, chapter 1, let's read and discuss Romeo and Juliet."
"Ha! Romano and Josiette." Logan had to spout off again abusing her man Roman.
"Dude! Shut it before I do it for you." Reese growled.
"No. It's alright Reese, I know it's no secret these days. All I ask is that none of you hold it against me."
"Is the Coach good?" April giggled blushing, trying to join the in crowd.
"Wouldn't keep going back if he wasn't. Act one : Scene one, who would like to read first?" With no one volunteering she appoints her perfect candidate. "Tabitha? Would you read the first chapter? All eyes reading along." She points to everyone with a stern expression. Tabitha sighing begins her recital, boring everyone instantly, strangely the girls found the book romantic enough to give it a try. The guys? Everyone was drooling over Josiette. She had hoped it might come to this.
Choosing to lean on her desk, her butt resting on the edge Josie faced her fans. Eying everyone for safety Josie toyed with the boys, first holding an index finger to her lips to enforce silence. Reese looked around him and even shared a threatening finger toward Logan, Logan cast a thumbs up to prove his loyalty. Uncertain if she should go through with her lustful thoughts she held her breath to ascertain that every boy there was into this. Of course they were, Josie McKellen was sexy as fuck and every guy in school knew it a MILF MODEL in their minds. Not as hot as the new Counsellor, but second only to her majesty. Good enough for Josie, she enjoyed being competitive.
With the girls absorbed in their book and Tabitha keeping them focused, Josie sat up on her desk and refused to close her legs until it became necessary. A slick triangle was shared without a word, merely hungry eyes wanting the boys to look her way. As she noticed their eyes zeroing in she made certain the girls weren't looking, luckily the five young women were clustered together so keeping tabs became much easier. Heart pounding under adrenalin Josie awaited the boys to react more. Reese taking a nervous lead looked about for safety then used his hands to motion her to part her legs more. Tension thick she obeyed him until they could visibly comprehend her clitoral area. Every boy there mumbled under their breath, "Fuck!" She didn't have to hear it to read lips. Cautious she closes her legs and pauses them to await further efforts on her part. As Tabitha's voice grew strained Josie stopped her. Hand in front of her now closed legs she smiled, "I'll give you a break Tabitha. Good job. Vanessa? Would you please take over for Tabitha?"
Vanessa Cole an African American cutie resumed with enthusiasm, she loved the Arts so Shakespeare was right up her alley. Allowing time for the girls to reinvest along with Vanessa, Josie bit her lower lip and stepped quietly down from her perch and faced her desk. Bending forward her skirt rode high just as her cell pic exposed her earlier. The boys were chomping on pencils to avoid dirty vocalized thoughts. With her butt cheeks thirty percent revealed only a tiny glimpse of her clam taunted their locked on gaze. Peering over her shoulder to explore the five girls she dared to lift her skirt higher and give them a perfect view. With gasps heard she stood up quickly and turned to her class, the front of her skirt low enough to mask her devilish intentions. Feminine eyes look up to acknowledge the gasps, Logan scratching his leg and saving the day.
"Sorry! Poison ivy from my camping trip over the weekend. Calamine lotion isn't doing it's job. No sweat I won't touch anybody." Hearing, "Ewww!" from the girls he just shrugs and continues scratching. Josie was impressed by his quick save. In her mind that meant she owed him one. This was fun.
"Calm down. He's not touching anyone. At least he better not."
"I swear I've only touched myself there once today." He chuckles patting his crotch for only her to see, "I washed my hands good."
"That's nice to know. Let's get back on track. Vanessa?" The girl continues her page vocalization, the ladies quickly joining her. Once convinced it was safe Josie winks at Logan and steps to the side of her desk to lean forward again on her elbow, her ass in the air, skirt up over her cheeks. They could only see her hips until she cautiously hiked her skirt up higher than before, her entire butt could have been seen if anyone was facing her. It dawned on her then that anyone at her door could have seen her. Looking back she stood up and examined the doorway to relax her nerves.
Listening closely to Vanessa she knew the Act was nearly finished, hers as well for the time being. Moving behind her desk she faced the boys and stuck her tongue out at them, just before lifting her dress clear up to her belly button for a brief peek. Sitting down thereafter she left her skirt up and acted normal. Finishing up Vanessa looked up holding her chest to catch her breath.
"That was a mouthful."
"Shakespeare can be long winded."
Logan coughed the word, "BJ." into his hand making everyone laugh, even Josie.
"Seeing as you seem to be over your itchiness Logan, why don't you step up to the chalkboard and write down one word pertaining to that act. POP quiz if you will. Surely you were listening and reading along."
"I got this." Logan hopped from his chair and smugly marched to the chalkboard. Pausing to think and peer over at Josie he found her facing him, her legs parted for a nice view of her pink pussy. Her right hand hovering over her clit he watches her tap her clit then rub it twice.
"I'm waiting." She smirked. He nearly choked at his thought that she was literally waiting on him to take her.
"I'm thinking, gimme five minutes." He chuckled, others joining him in his amusement.
"One word to express how you feel about say...Juliet."
He wrote, "Hot!" then noticed her scowl, erasing it he replaced it with, "Manonyou." She nearly pissed on her finger.
"I misspelled that didn't I?" Logan again erases his answer to rewrite, "Montague."
"Much better." She confessed. "You can return to your seat now. Looking to her class she selected, "Reese? How about you? Care to step up and show me you were listening more than looking around the room?"
"Sure!" Reese stands tall and shuffles forward taking the chalk from Logan. Once Logan sat down Reese approached the blackboard and rubbed his chin toward Josie, she easily understood he was cleaning a spot off for her to set should she want to later. Trembling she shared the wetness of her pussy with shiny fingers then replants two fingers up inside her, in and out slowly so as not to appear obvious to the rest of the class. Scratching his head he clears his throat and writes, "Bendovio." More laughter at his own mistake. "Oh, right it's Benvolio. Sorry, my bad." He had to look again, three fingers inside her moist cunt now. He had to grit his teeth.
"Very good! Next?"
Abe Duncan volunteered, Abe on the school's debate team jumped to his feet and nearly ran into Reese on his way to the head of the class. Sweating at seeing her awaiting his answer while she continued fingering herself slyly he jotted down the next most obvious answer, "Capulet."
"You boys go for what's easy." She shook her head then turns facing her desk, "Let's explore scene 2. April? Seeing as I know you ladies can actually comprehend true love I want you to again do the honors."
April nodded with a, "You know it." She then began reading on into scene 2. Once the girls were captivated Josie sat up straight leaving her skirt up, fingers embedded, her free hand now teasing at her cleavage. While not possessing Piper sized melons Josie still had a nice pair of 34's. Certain she was safe she placed her fingers under her spaghetti strap and slid it from her shoulder. Dangling over her bicep she blew kisses toward her boys. Bringing up her wet fingers to show everyone she licks them dry right in front of them. Seats were getting creaky as boys shifted for better comfort, their erections entirely too evident.
Just for meanness Josie swept her other spaghetti strap from her shoulder, her dress slipping much lower over her breasts. A very brief tug down over them she showed off her nipples before pulling her straps back up. It was so fast she heard, "Awww maaan!" Disrupting the reading the girls looked up and toward the boys.
Abe threw a hand up, "Sorry! I just realized I was reading a paragraph ahead." Even Josie had to roll her eyes at his lame excuse. It worked though. Abe even volunteered to finish for April. Shrugging she released the scene to him. For now Josie had no choice but to behave herself, not on the table she took a risk and lowered her hand beneath her desk for more teasing over her clit in mild finger massages. Goosebumps swarmed her entire body while watching Reese. Reese realized her eyes were fantasizing about him and sat up straight in his chair. Smirking and peering at her over his brow he mouthed the words, "You want me." She read him loud and clear and returned the favor with a competitive, "You want me." He merely grinned and kept his reply to himself, as did she.
Once Abe polished off scene 2 Josie sighed having to escape her fantasy and actually tutor. "Thank you Abe. Alright, let's try this again. Any volunteers to step up and write something actually about this scene?" Expecting a boy Josie was caught off guard by April leaving her seat which found her challenged into not lifting her hips high to pull her skirt under her ass. It would have been obvious if she did, all she could do was lower it enough to hide what she could.
April didn't even look at Josie until she finished writing on the board. Her answer was, "Rosaline." Turning to Josie she reiterates what her thoughts were on her answer, "Romeo still had feelings for Rosaline. Instead he knows that Juliet will change his heart." It was then April spotted the side of Josie's bare hip. Freezing in thought April approached Josie slowly and leaned in to whisper, "I know you're showing the guys. I wanna see too." Shocked by April's confession she smiled and took the chance, parting her legs to expose her trickling pussy. April smiled vividly and chose to whisper one thing more. "I'm bi."
"Yes, you may go to the restroom." Josie's first thought became vocal. April hesitated then acted as if dancing in step. "Thank you Mrs. McKellen. Be right back." Turning on her heel April shuffled out the door. In the hallway oblivious to the rest of the class April waved until Josie looked her way. Bold move made April raised her right hand parting her fingers as if a Vulcan greeting and wagged her tongue between it. Josie merely sat with her legs wide. Pointing at her clit specifically to see what April might do. Nodding giddily April was all in, or rather wanted to be.
Turning her attention back to her class Josie asked, "Anyone else care to take a crack at me?" All the boys started to jump at once until she stops them with a visible wet hand that a few students happened to notice. "One at a time. Why are you people in such a hurry? Any other day I could never get a rise out of you." She played her words sexually. "Trent? Your turn."
Trent Anderson raced to the board and immediately stared at Josie, her skirt intentionally up to her belly button again just to up the ante, legs wider without looking obvious. So were his eyes. "Trent? Are you going to just stand there?"
"What? No, sorry, I just had to get a better visual in my mind what I wanted to write." He quickly wrote, "Pairs." Confused by his answer Josie winced looking down at her chest presumptively. Noticing his answer he laughed erasing the letter's I and R, switching them to make Paris. It became obviously more readable. "Dickslixic." He chuckled.
"You mean dyslexic."
"Did I?" He laughed, "Yeah , I did. Can't spell for sheet." She used her fingers to pry her pink hole wider as if an invitation. It was funny to see his erection double in five seconds flat. Hiding himself he walked backwards as if looking at his answer for any other errors. Josie had to shake her head.
"One more before we move on to scene three?"
Vanessa chose to join April in catching Josie by surprise, not giving her a second to shift her clothing. All Josie could do was hope Vanessa was as calm as April had been. Closing her legs was her only solution. Chalk in hand Vanessa faltered indecisively and just faced Josie going all dramatic. Dropping to one knee Vanessa recited Shakespeare with, "Such comfort as do lusty young men feel, When well-appareled April on the heel, Of limping winter treads," Word for word she recited the scene while looking between Josie's legs. "Even such delight, Among fresh fennel buds shall you this night, Inherit at my house. Hear all, all see, And like her most whose merit most shall be—, Which on more view of many, mine, being one, May stand in number, though in reckoning none, Come with me." She grinned and bit her lower lip, hopeful for praise. Josie was blown away by the girls also keeping her secret. That deserved applause. Josie fanned her legs wide repeatedly, closing, opening, closing, opening. Just for Vanessa.
"That was beautiful Vanessa. Can you tell the class what it means?"
"Loosely translated it means...You will be delighted by young women as fresh as spring flowers. Romeo is being told to look at anyone you like and choose whatever...woman suits you best. You might find one more to your licking." She lowered her voice on that final word. Vanessa offered her own invite by rubbing herself in front of Josie, her shorts creeping tightly between her legs. "I saw you."
"Thank you for that Thespian moment Vanessa. I definitely found your attention to detail pleasing."
"Thanks Mrs. McKellen." Vanessa hopped back up just as April returned. Seeing her arrival Logan chuckled, "With well appareled April on her heel." The room busted up. It was pretty ironic.
"Alright, let's save scene three for tomorrow." Josie pulled herself together acting as if getting more comfortable in her swivel chair in order to pull her skirt back into proper place. Groans were heard at her closing the theater. "You cannot tell me you're sad because we're stopping there for today."
"We wanna go all the way to the end Mrs. M." Trent belted out.
"Yeah, we wanna go all the way with you. You're too cool." Abe added.
Blushing she turned her attention toward April and Vanessa, "And, how do you girls feel?"
"As a whole we don't mind diving into the rest of the story." April giggled personally touching her cunt through her shorts as if penetrating herself. Vanessa joined in with, "I know it's tongue and cheek but I love this stuff." She too points at her pussy then winks at Josie. Mind blown she clears her throat and makes a firm decision.
"We can resume this tomorrow. I demand undivided attention from all of you."
"We won't take our eyes off of you Mrs. M." Logan grins.
"How's that itch Logan?"
"Hurts like a biotch." He rubs his inner thigh until he hears the girls go, "Ewww!"
"Class is almost over. Why don't you guys just relax for the next five minutes before the bell." Those erections were too damned obvious.
"That was a fast hour." A familiar voice drew Josie toward her classroom door. Standing there was Piper Cherry with her own dress up to her neck, dancing in step nude knowing the class couldn't see her. She adored torturing Josie.
"Hey Counsellor. Why don't you come in and say hello?"
Sticking their tongues out at one another Piper dropped her dress and marched on in waving at the students, "Did anyone learn anything valuable?" All eyes went on the bubbly blond, flipping a pen between her fingers like a helicopter. Losing it mid circulation the pen flew down between Josie's legs. "Darn it! Clumsy ole' me." Piper dropped to her hands and knees and stealthily licked Josie's leg in an upward manner. Unable to resist Josie parted her legs and pointed at the floor as if looking for the pen herself.
"I think it went further back."
Wiggling her eyebrows at Josie, Piper went in for the kill and licked Josie's clit. The sensation made her tense up. Four more licks Piper lifted up to show the class her pen, "Found it."
Suspicions were there but not a word was uttered. Only amazement led to the bell disrupting their mental fantasies. With the bell sounding boys jumped up quickly in hopes to get one last lick--look at both women. Piper remaining on her knees but upright, blocking Josie's open legs found disappointment. Boys grumbled and filed out in droves. Only Reese lingered behind of the boys, bending over Piper's shoulder for a lasting look of glossy pink. "Nice!"
"Who? Me or Pussycat here?" Piper giggled.
"Both of you. I'm Reese by the way."
"Oh, hey Penis Buttercup." Piper smirked then fist bumped the lanky giant.
Josie dropped her jaw at her bestie's humor, too funny, "OH MY GOD!"
"She says that when I do this." Leaning back in Piper flicks her tongue like a lizard over Josie's clit. The response now that the room was cleared out was less concealed. Pressing Piper's face deeper into her cunt Josie looked up at Reese with a hint of ecstasy. "You should be doing this." He puckered and took a huge risk by grabbing a good thick clump of Piper's hair pulling her away from Josie's grasp. Repositioning to Josie's right side Piper allowed Reese in to grab a few licks of his own. Knowing there was very little time to really enjoy it he dug his tongue deep for an eventful squeal, Josie nearly fell back in her chair.
"Damn you taste good." He admitted then looked over at Piper. Piper read his mind and hurried to stand up drawing her skirt up in front. "Reese's pieces Stud." He quickly transferred his tongue to Piper's clit. She had to hold her balance with her back to the blackboard. Four more licks he reeled back and stood up leaving both women fanning themselves. "Can't wait for scene three. See you tomorrow Mrs. Mmmmm."
As he walks away both Piper and Josie huff, "FUCK ME!"
"See I told you I was rubbing off on you."
"Your turn Hoochie." Josie pulled herself together, "If I'm going over the top, so are you."
"No problem. I have Detention remember? You wanna come help me watch the criminals do hard labor?"
"Roman. He's harder." She laughed, "After just now I'm fucking him for three hours. I'll tell the girls to get a ride home, I'll be grading papers."
"Hurling papers off of Roman's desk you mean."
"Just means I pick them up and he takes me from behind."
"Shameless I say. Alright Bestie. Here's the combination to Barry's locker to grab your clothes. Go change."
"I'm fine. I'll take the risk and be less open than earlier. See you tomorrow? Oh, text me how Detention goes if you decide to relieve Roger."
"Will do."
"I know you will." Josie razzes Piper.
"Only if he's...they're cute."
"Sluts forever?"
"High five bitch."
A impact of palms was enough to fuel the remainder of their day.
Josie was just getting started. By lunch she had made herself cum at her desk without anybody suspecting. For anyone else that should have been impossible. Yeah, sure Josie. Nobody noticed your squeals played off as cute sneezes. Nice try.
There was no solid proof though, unless you got a good look at the wet puddles under her desk.
"Oh my God! Only three more classes."
Roman was just a numeral.