If you have been following the story of my fascination with wife sharing and watching, you know my ex-wife had an affair with my friend Charles in our home, virtually under my nose. I remember her risqué flirting with him and how it aroused me, but I was never certain whether infidelity happened. I always suspected them. I ultimately discovered that she was fucking him in our home, but we never discussed it, because she did not choose to share that with me. My mind turned back to how this episode in our marriage began and I resolved to ask her to tell me what had actually taken place. It was time that I knew.
I've already written about our "Family Nights" while sharing a home with Ellie's sister, Liz, and her husband, Frank. We eventually moved out of the family house into our own place. Frank and Liz still joined us for those "wild" Saturday nights until Ellie became pregnant. We stopped entertaining and even stopped having sex with each other.
Life became hectic following the birth of our baby. We resumed entertaining, but late night feedings drained the energy we both needed to return to a normal sex life. However, I never stopped wondering about her infidelity and even wondered about what she might be doing while I was at work. I even suspected her on those evenings when her retail business required her to stay late "redecorating" her store or helping Liz in her store, which was just around the corner.
Frank's office was only a block away from Ellie and Liz. He was always close by, and I knew that her opportunity for sexual encounters was still there. But she never shared infidelities with me, so I chose to believe that affairs were not happening. My "wonderings" became mere fantasies about her cheating on me. I knew she reserved the right to share with me or not as she wished. Besides our time together was limited, so we spent it with the baby. I assumed that parenthood had "tamed" us and that our lives had moved into a new phase of responsibility. Yet, I could not help myself from fantasizing.
Everything changed the day Ellie called me and announced that we would be having company for dinner. I picked our child up from day care and arrived home to find our guest, Charles, already there. He had an import/export business that required him to live on the road and travel around the world. One of his customers had referred him to my wife thinking he might have products for her business. I knew that he had already met with her on several occasions, and she was pleased to learn that Charles and I shared similar interests. Needless to say, the three of us hit it off, so I invited Charles to share dinner with us again the next time he was in town.
Charles was in our home again in less than a month. We had already "broken the ice" during his previous visit, so our evening conversation turned to more intimate topics around his travels and adventures. He had made friends across the country and throughout the world, so he usually stayed with friends where ever he traveled. Ellie was clearly enchanted by him and even asked if he had a girlfriend. "No," Charles replied, "I travel too much."
"What about dating?" Ellie asked. I sat back to watch her interacting with Charles while wondering where this conversation might be heading.
Charles explained that his friends' wives were very friendly and he rarely lacked for female companionship while their husbands were working. "You mean you fuck them!?" Ellie more exclaimed than asked. Charles sat back and smiled, "Well most of them say I am a good lover. I believe "making love" to them might be more accurate than fucking. At least I would like to think so. A few of them, however, do like it hard and rough."
Charles spoke very openly and candidly about his affairs. I observed that Ellie was becoming more inquisitive the more Charles shared. We talked about his friends, his feelings about going behind their backs, and what their wives said about the affairs. I was surprised that more than half his friends were aware of the affairs and were happy that their wives had fun with him when he was in town. That sent my mind spinning when my wife said, "You can stay at our place whenever you are in town." I opened my mouth to speak, but Ellie stopped me with a smile and she continued, "We can make up the couch. I will make you breakfast in the mornings after Bill and the baby have gone. You can use my office as your base of operations. We will all have fun, won't we Bill?"
That didn't leave much for me to say except, "Do you have an overnight bag for tonight?" I enjoyed Charles's company, because we did have similar interests. Maybe we would be able to make some of the hikes he and I had been talking about. Ellie went off to put the baby to bed, and Charles went out to his van to retrieve his bag. He said he could park the van in the driveway and sleep there if I was more comfortable with that, but I assured him that it was okay for him to sleep on the couch.
Charles and I just sat down to enjoy a nightcap and some conversation when Ellie walked back in. She had changed into a red satin nightgown I had bought for her before her pregnancy. It was almost ankle length, but it was slit up one side to the hip. The top was cut to a "V" at her navel. Satin folds cupped her breasts as a hint of lace highlighted her cleavage. She found some reason to quickly turn around and reveal how the gown left her back open to just the top of her butt. I knew she loved the feel of the satin against her skin, and the gown hugged her shape tightly. I could not look at my wife in that gown without picturing how beautiful she looked naked; without imagining the feel of her naked body against mine. Ellie knew that it always made me want to take her in my arms and enjoy the feel of her pressed against me.
And now she stood before us in her magnificent gown. She was stirring my imagination, and I wanted to take her in my arms and run my hands over her tight body despite the presence of Charles. The gown was sexy, and her breasts, engorged with milk, strained against the material. "Oh my!" Charles exclaimed when she walked across the room. "You are beautiful." Ellie laughed and then the baby stirred.
Ellie went to retrieve our baby and sat in the easy chair opposite the couch. She favored the chair for nursing and dropped the thin straps from one side of her gown to expose her breast for the baby. As she made herself comfortable, she allowed the gown to open at her side and draped one leg over the other. While she kept her vulva hidden from view by crossing her legs, she allowed one leg to be exposed up to her hip. I know I enjoyed the view. And suddenly, I was aroused imagining that Charles was enjoying her exhibition as well. Yet, I was left wondering because it was time for everyone to retire.
When I woke in the morning, I went into the kitchen to make coffee. I was surprised that Ellie came out of our room in the same gown without a robe even though the morning was cool. She allowed the gown to fall away from her breast as she nursed the baby again this morning. She insisted on making me breakfast explaining that Charles would enjoy the leftovers later. Then she prepared the diaper bag and handed me our baby to take to daycare on my way to work. I did not have a chance to say a word to Charles, because he was still asleep when I left.
Ellie arrived home before I did, and was washing the breakfast dishes with Charles. That evening was much the same as the night before. The conversation turned to intimate details about our lives, such as how Ellie and I met and fell in love, instead of dwelling on Charles' love life. We did not get into any of our history with my brother-in-law, Frank, but Charles kept steering the conversation to what seemed to turn Ellie on. She got up and said that she had to prepare for bed, even though the night was still young. Ellie returned wearing another one of my favorite nightgowns.
If I had been surprised last night by her apparel, this night I was in shock. The wrap-around lace gown covered her shoulders and did not feature a split. Instead, her left breast was fully exposed behind a light covering of lace that left nothing to the imagination. A sheer lace panel wrapped around her body from the breast to her back and then returned across her stomach and around back again to the top of her ass. The lace wrapped across her hip and down to run across her crotch dropping down to the hem exposing her vulva. Nothing was left to the imagination. I remembered how she always ended up with the gown pushed up around her neck as we fucked when she wore it for me. I knew there was no way she could have forgotten those times.
The gown's intricacies made it impossible to expose only one breast to nurse our baby. So this night, she dropped the entire top. Ellie had impressed Charles once again, and he complimented my wife on her beautiful breasts. She was up once in the night to nurse wearing the same gown as Charles slept on the couch. I was too tired to get up, but I knew Charles was awake. I could hear them talking softly in the living room. I also knew that she had turned on a table lamp, because I could see its soft glow down the hallway. And then, like the previous morning, Ellie did not bother with her robe as she prepared for me to take the baby to day care on my way to work.
I knew Charles was going to be staying at least one more night. I wondered if this evening would produce yet another night gown, although her sexy nightwear had already been exhausted. I made a mental note that it was time to go shopping again. However, this evening she emerged in a threadbare tee shirt of mine that she wore to bed on warm nights. It was long enough to seem decent, but it did not cover her string bikini panties when she bent over. Her breasts where clearly visible through the thin cotton. She told us she was headed to bed, but first she make up the couch with fresh sheets. Charles said he could do it, but Ellie told him to move to the easy chair and allow her make his bed up tonight. She explained that she felt she had been a poor hostess leaving him to his own devices the previous two nights. Neither Charles or I could take our eyes off her body as she bent and stretched to make up the couch. We sat silently and enjoyed her display.
It was then that I noticed she had changed from the practical every-day panties she usually wore to a black sexy thong from one of her baby doll nighties. They were basically transparent. And Ellie must have been feeling quite aroused from her own imaginations, because we had a good view of her engorged labia while bent over tucking and smoothing the sheets. I only saw her fullness and inviting "lips" like that when she was ready to be fucked. Her imagination could not cause such a physical response, so she had obviously been stimulating herself before she came back to the living room.
Her heavy tits bounced much to our delight as she moved around the room. When she made the couch up to her liking, Ellie stood before us and announced that she would like to sit and have a drink with us, but she could not because she was still nursing. Then she warned Charles that she might tiptoe in to use the easy chair when she got up to nurse as she had done the night before without warning. "I hope I will not disturb you," she said with a smile.
My mind was reeling as we watched her leave adding a little sway to her hips. I began to feel that familiar stiffness forming in my groin and wondered whether my playfully suggestive "family" wife was back. I quickly finished my drink and stood to go join my wife in bed. "She does have a nice ass," Charles said. And then he ended with "Thank you." I wondered why he was thanking me, Ellie was the one who had paraded provocatively before us. Did he believe I approved and had maybe persuaded her to do so? I certainly had not objected.
I wanted to talk about these few evenings with my wife, but she reminded me of our deal made several years earlier. If she wanted me to watch, if she wanted to share, or if she wanted her activities to be private, the decision was her choice not mine. If I was good, maybe she would tell me about what she did in private and she might let me share at times. But I had to be satisfied with what she allowed me. After all, she had let watch her this evening. Maybe I could watch more if I was on good behavior.
I awoke around 3:00 in the morning and realized that Ellie was not in bed. I rose quietly from our bed and carefully walked down the hall. Glancing around the corner, I saw her sitting in the easy chair nursing across from Charles. She had turned on the reading lamp beside her chair leaving her torso bathed in soft light. She had removed the thin tee and left it draped over the back of the chair. Charles was sitting up from his bed on the couch and engaging Ellie in a quiet conversation. He had to be aroused by the sight of my wife, naked except for her brief panties, nursing our son. I heard Charles tell her, "Yes, I always sleep nude."
Now unsure what I should do, I realized Ellie was watching me. She smiled in my direction and turned to Charles, "Don't worry, we won't wake Bill. He is a sound sleeper." Even though my heart sank a bit, I knew it was my cue to retreat. I heard Ellie carry our child back to the crib and waited for her to come back to bed. It took me a moment to realize she had gone back to the living room. I could hear whispering punctuated with giggles, but nothing was clear. I was tired and I slowly drifted off to sleep.
Ellie was not in bed when I awakened the next morning. I found her in the kitchen, still in her threadbare tee, making coffee and my breakfast. It suddenly dawned on me that she was completely naked under the tee— her panties were gone. "Oh, I spilled a glass of water on my panties. They were wet so I took them off to dry," she said when I commented on their absence. I certainly enjoyed the view, but Charles was here and might walk in at any moment. I felt some uncertainty.
She served my meal in the dining room where I had a good view of the living room and the back of the couch where Charles slept. It took me a moment to realize that her panties were draped across the back of the couch. Our baby was making morning hunger noises, and Ellie excused herself to get everything ready for daycare. She brought the diaper bag to me and then said she would nurse before we left. She handed the baby to me while she pulled her shirt off, took the baby in her arms, and walked naked to the easy chair. Her eyes went towards the couch.
Watching me out of the corner of her eye, Ellie said, "Good morning Charles. I thought you might be awake. I trust you slept well after I went back to bed? When I am done nursing, I will get you some coffee and then make breakfast when you are ready. Bill has to leave as soon as I am done, but we have a couple of hours before I have to be at the shop. That leaves time for a leisurely breakfast, shower, and whatever else you do in the mornings before you start your day." Ellie giggled and returned her attention to nursing.
Charles lay there watching her from what I could tell. He did say, "Good morning Bill. What a lovely scene to begin your day. I suppose you never tire of having such a beautiful wife?" Before I could think, I blurted out, "She normally wears a bulky robe when it is just us in the mornings." As soon as I spoke, I regretted it. Ellie glared at me for a moment, and then she and Charles started laughing. "Well, I'm flattered that I have a positive effect on her if that is the case." Charles responded. "Maybe she will wash my back after I eat breakfast and complete my morning workout."
Ellie arose from the easy chair after nursing our baby. She prepared our child for day care, and then she handed the baby to me. However, this time she carried the diaper bag to the back door where she waited for me to join her. She had not bothered to dress, so she was still wearing the sheer tee she had slipped back on after nursing. My eyes must have shown some concern, because she put a finger to my lips when I started to speak. She kissed me softly and told me she loved me. "Now go to work. Charles and I will see you this evening," she commanded.
She closed the door behind me. While I was walking to my car, Ellie was walking back into the room where Charles was under a blanket on the couch. Images began to flood my mind, and I tried to shake them out of my head until after dropping off the baby. That was useless, because my concentration was constantly diverted back to the home front. I had already thought a lot about his stories of seducing and then pleasuring other men's wives. The image of my wife throwing off the tee and walking back to Charles naked made me gasp silently. I remembered that he said quite clearly that he slept naked. Then I thought about Ellie washing his back in the shower. Then I realized I had an erection and needed to get myself under control in order to greet my child's baby sitter.
Even though years passed, I never forgot that erection. I often thought about what transpired after I left in the mornings when Charles stayed with us. Ellie never shared the details with me. Our agreement was that she would tell me if she felt like it. Sometimes, I would get angry that she held secrets of intimacy from me, especially when I was honest with myself. Yes, I knew they were fucking, but I seemed to thrive within mystery. Somehow, the uncertainty about me being cuckolded was more exciting than knowing for sure. I suspect she knew that and enjoyed the power she exercised over me. What she did not know was that her secretiveness had opened me to a new world of fantasy that became an entirely new way for me to experience arousal.
Yet, now I knew about her encounters with Robert. I was determined to hear the story about Charles from her own lips. Her laison with Charles during the early years of our marriage had started me down the path of exploring my own fantasies and fetishes. I felt indebted to her for that. So, I gave her a one-week notice that I wanted to talk to her when I brought the kids home after school. Yes, it was now time for her to confess.
So, I arranged my schedule in order to give myself plenty of time to spend with her that afternoon. She knew I was coming and was very open to talking. I suspected that she knew what I wanted to talk about. Eliie greeted me at the door wearing a familiar red dress that buttoned up the front. She was wearing red high heels and red stockings as well, so I knew she had dressed up just for our talk. I knew that she wore a red bustier under the dress, leaving her breasts floating free of cups. And I knew she had omitted panties. She left the buttons undone at the top revealing her cleavage accented by the uplift of the bustier. Enough were left undone at the bottom to reveal the tops of her stockings and the garter straps when she moved. She wore the outfit on our date nights before our divorce and she knew how this outfit affected me.
I have referred to us in earlier stories as being divorced. At this point, I had signed the divorce papers two years earlier, but Ellie was still dragging her feet. She liked to remind me that technically we were still married so technically I was still her cuckold. So,
I sat with her that afternoon engaged in small talk, and then I helped to put the kids to bed. Then I allowed her to talk some more before I forced my way.
Finally, I told her I wanted to know about Charles. Yet, I got much more than I had ever fantasized. She laughed at me, and then she took me back to a time even before children. It was about those "Family Nights." "Surely you understood that Frank and I continued our affair long after that first night. My sister, Liz, liked her husband and liked sex with him, but she wanted out of the marriage with Frank after their second year. She openly took on other lovers and so did he. I had complained that although I loved you, I never felt satisfied with our sex life. Liz convinced me that Frank could teach me how to enjoy sex and maybe I could convince him to leave her." My silence allowed Ellie to take a deep breath and then continue.
" I never felt comfortable taking the latter role, but I enjoyed meeting Frank for sex at every opportunity. We thought sure you knew. Hell, I even engaged in heavy petting with him on the couch when we all got stoned and watched Saturday Night Live. He told me he showed you pictures of him playing with naked women. I always thought you would recognize parts of my body even though he never showed you pictures with my face. But you never caught on." Ellie got up from her chair bending forward in a way that gave me a clear view of one breast. She announced that she would be back soon.
It turned out that she went to check on the kids, because she walked back to me announcing they were asleep while she swayed her hips. Then she stood in front of me. She finished unbuttoning her dress and shrugged it off her shoulders. Now she stood before me in her red bustier, her naked breasts standing erect, her shaved pussy wet, and her legs taut and shapely in her high heels. "Like what you see?" she said. "Of course you do. You could never resist me in sexy lingerie. In fact, you could never resist me, period."
She sat close beside me and put my hand on her stockinged thigh. She knew how the feel of her thigh encased in silky nylon affected me. She knew my cock was stiffening before she even began to talk. That was when she started to tell her story about Charles.
"When Charles told us about fucking his friends wives, I immediately felt myself getting wet. It reminded me about how I felt secretly meeting Frank and fucking him while you were at work or home waiting for me. I thought about how Frank would fondle my breasts or rub my pussy while we shared a joint on Saturday nights. You never said anything. I assumed you noticed and that it turned you on. God, I would be so turned on in those days before children. And then Charles was having the same impact on me. I became progressively more daring in the mornings thinking you would ask what I was up to. You never did, so I continued my game.
When I went out to nurse the baby that second night, I remembered Charles announcing that he slept in the nude. I didn't really see his cock, but the rise in the sheet that covered his waist told me he was interested. The next night, I went for broke and nursed naked except for my panties. After I put the baby back to bed, I went back and sat next to him. I asked him if he found me attractive and he pulled the sheet off to reveal his erection. He is not as as big as Frank, but that is good. I have to be careful with Frank so that he does not hurt me. Charles is just big enough that I can thrust against him without thinking about my comfort and concentrate on the pleasure his cock creates in my pussy.
I played with his cock that night and he rubbed and fingered me. My panties were soaked after I came and then he ejaculated over my stomach and lap. I could not return to bed with cum soaked panties, so I took them off and draped them over the back of the couch to dry. I meant to retrieve them in the morning before you got up, but I forgot.
We still had not kissed, so I could not wait for you to leave for work. I thought sure you would say something, anything, but you walked out leaving me standing there all but naked knowing Charles was waiting for me in the next room, naked as well. I had barely reached the couch when he pulled me to him and kissed me hard, shoving his tongue into my mouth as he rubbed my butt. I explored his mouth with my tongue as I grabbed his stiff cock. I could not believe how it grew in size and hardened as I stroked it. I let his tongue explore my mouth while picturing my doing the same thing with his cock. He leaned back on the couch as I sank to my knees on the floor and took his lenght into my mouth. I wanted to make him cum, but I remembered what Frank had taught me and I slowed down. I pulled back and started kissing the underside of his cock. It was years before I ever did that for you. I wanted it to be special for my lovers and me so I saved it for Frank and Charles and later for Robert.
I cradled his balls in one hand and softly rolled them in my palm before licking them and sucking them lightly into my mouth. I ran my tongue over his scrotum while sucking on his shaft. Then I ran my tongue back up the underside of his cock and sucked him in while he jerked and pulsed in my mouth. I knew he was close, so I looked into his eyes and told him to cum for me, that I wanted to taste his cum. And he did cum, hard. He spurted into my throat faster than I could swallow. His cum ran out of my mouth, over my chin, and dripped onto my breasts. When he had emptied himself, I leaned back and rubbed the spilled semen into my breasts and nipples. I closed my eyes and pulled my nipples until I came myself. Charles watched me in awe as I moaned and squealed as my body jerked while I came
It took a while for my beating heart to calm. Charles said nothing. When I opened my eyes, he took my hand and helped me stand. He took me into his arms and I felt his tongue push through my lips as he kissed me deeply again. He scooped up his cum from my chin and rubbed it into my nipples, turning me on again. Then he led me to our bed in our bedroom where he laid me back and began to kiss my vulva. He licked my clit before sticking his tongue into my pussy. It felt like he was French kissing my vagina instead of my mouth. I laid back and allowed the pleasure of his touch, his tongue, his lips to sweep over me. My body was tingling with excitement and then convulsing from waves of pleasure.
I thrust my hips against his face. I wanted his tongue deeper inside me. I was barely aware when his finger entered my ass. Yet, when the sensation hit me, I started cumming again. I had become so sensitive and tried to buck him off me, but he grabbed my hips and climbed between my legs. I was helpless and then he thrust his hard cock into me. I screamed in pleasure and begged him to fuck me. I really can't remember how long he thrust himself into me. I just remember begging him to fuck me harder, to make me his whore, and to cum in me. And then I felt him spurting inside me, and I started cumming again myself.
I don't remember much after that until Charles was helping me up from the bed. He told me we needed to shower and I had to open my store soon. I was in a daze as he led me to the bathroom. He propped me against the sink while starting the shower and adjusting the temperature. Then he pulled me in and started soaping my body. He washed my hair. I let him clean me while I enjoyed his hands rubbing my body. He dried my body after we got out and then dried my hair. I felt pampered and loved.
He took me back to the bedroom and started going through my dresser selecting a bra and panties. I never thought I could allow a man the intimacy of going through my drawers, but I was in awe of this man. His final selection was a sexy blouse and short skirt. Charles told me he wanted me to keep him turned on that day just by looking sexy for him. I'm not sure how I made it through the day. All I could think of was what I would wear for the two of you that night before bed. I knew I wanted to please him and make you hard and jealous at the same time. And that began my affair with Charles. You know he still sees me when he is in town, and he is just as good in bed today."
As she finished her story, I realized I was pumping two fingers in and out of her pussy. Her panting let me know she was close to cumming. I moved to open my pants, but she stopped me. "No," she said. "Make me cum and then it is time for you to go home." It only took a few more minutes and she clutched my hand tight between her thighs as she started bucking against my hand and moaning. "Yes, yes!" she squealed. As her breathing slowed, she leaned over and kissed me softly. "Let me know when you have more questions. I think I am ready to share."