This story is a fantasy as was part one and most of my stories. It fits a little better in exhibitionism than part one did. All characters portrayed are over 18 years old. Self-edited and proofed with the help of software, so if you are nit-picky, it is not for you. Comments on the storyline are always appreciated
I had a crazy experience with my wife while her mom and aunt visited us. It helped to trigger the events that happened in part two.
We were all drunk, but somehow I ended up buck naked, erect, and jerking off in front of them. It sounds unbelievable, I have a hard time with it myself. But it happened, if you read chapter one you might better understand.
I will give you a brief summary about how it started, my wife, her mom and aunt decided to fuck with me and hide my clothes when I was in the shower. We were all drinking and I was both drunk and pissed off at all their teasing, and reacted by calling their bluff and walked over to them not just nude, but with a total boner. They were shocked, I was shocked, but I started to like the CFNM part, and they would not call it off, so I guess I was just drunk enough to give in. Yes, I actually grabbed my cock and jerked off for them. That worked out, as they took over for me with their hands, and after more drinks with their mouths.
I should not have let them get to me, but once I titty fucked her auntie it was too late, things were out of control and got really crazy. I got a hand and a blow job from her mom and auntie as well as wife Rita while still the NM in a CFNM. I was drunk enough I guess the fact that two matures were involved did not take away from the thrill. I guess standing naked with your wife's mom, is pleasureful if she is giving you a blow job.
Not much was said about it by my wife right away, just enough to reveal that her feelings were of jealousy, but she started it. I think she wanted to let me know she would like to have a similar experience. She said if we ever did anything even close to it again, she would like to be the naked one, and for one of my friends, just to see what it feels like.
I had to ask her, "Are you talking about one of my friends or specifically my best friend Rick?"
"One of your friends, of course, I would like it to be Rick. The attraction that he and I have is not a secret to you. You may have the cock, but he has the fit body we girls like to see and rub our hands all over. I would love to have him naked too, to see if my body has any effect on his penis (giggle)."
"So factually you do want to be naked for Rick, probably blow him, and maybe even fuck him?"
"Yes, busted, I would like the kind of thrill you seemed to have, you could not hide your eventual joy of exhibiting yourself to someone you shouldn't be. You looked pretty bold and happy, especially when you had your cock in my mom's mouth. You do have a nice cock, I kid you, but I also brag it up. I don't remember you praising my breasts like you once did. I bet Rick would appreciate a longer look and maybe a chance to feel them up. I am not sure I want to show him my ass, even though he seems to love it. I think it is a little large, but I guess big butts are in. I guess if I am being totally honest, the thought of being worshiped by someone else, and maybe even suck a cock other than yours in front of you would be so naughty, and quite a thrill."
___________________________
I was surprised to hear she had some of the same ideas that I had. I had been thinking about us opening our marriage, maybe even try swinging so she could explore her fantasy. Even with her confession, she might like to try someone else, it's obvious Rick is on the top of her list, they always have had a thing. It hard to bring up actually swapping, or sharing her like she did me so I have always put it off. I need to get her fucked up like she, well both of us were that crazy night with her mom and aunt.
______________________________________
Sometimes the stars align specifically for a person, one day they did for Rita. It all started when I was out having a drink or two with my buddy Rick late one afternoon. He was getting fucked up, and I was buzzed. He tended to unload all of his troubles onto a friend, like me. He was that day, mostly unloading about his wife that has not fucked him in weeks. I knew then that I was going to have to be the designated driver that night as he was way ahead of me drinking-wise. His belly aching was too much for me to handle as well. So I thought about bringing him home and seeing if Rita would help me with him.
The thing they have for each other might surface as she comforts him, and maybe I can both get some revenge for her stripping me for her kin and fulfill at least part of her fantasy at the same time. If she wants the thrill of showing off her fit body and tan to another man, this might be the chance. I was curious as well to see if I would like to watch her do it as much as she liked getting me naked and showing off what she brags about as a large penis. It would have been not so bad if it was to a hot friend of hers, but her mom and aunt. Then add the pressure to get it in its erect state.
I did not have a plan past her comforting him, but she is good at stuff like this from having girlfriends dump on her about their man troubles. I was sure she could cheer him up, and get something back from it herself. All she would have to do is go along with whatever plan I can put together on the spot.
Yes, he needed a shoulder to cry on, and not a male friend. Our advice is usually to fuck some bar slut. I called Rita and found out she was still laying out working on her tan as she had planned. I filled her in that I needed help with Rick.
The stars were aligned, because before I could tell her what I had in mind she giggled and told me she just had a Martini and was laying outside topless hoping to tease the neighbor man. She giggled again and said she was considering losing the bottoms if she caught him perving on her. I did not go into details about Rick's problems, but she has seen him in one of his blue moods. So I asked her if I could bring him over to our place and maybe she could help get him out of his funk. She did not protest, so I figured I would go for more, she seemed to be in the mood to at least flash him since she was claiming she was trying to flash her tits to the neighbor man.
Rita wanted to know what could she possibly do to help?
"I am thinking if you just stay like you are, and I can send him to get you from the yard, you being topless will give you someone you think is hot. At the same time, it would help take his mind off his trouble. As far as your idea to lose your bottoms for the neighbor, for him, I don't mind you being as naked as you are willing to be for him. The view alone should help him forget his troubles. Then you can bring him down to the rec room, maybe even while still topless. That will give him a shoulder on a topless woman to put his head on as he complains about his bitch of a wife withholding sex. I will have another Martini waiting down there, although I am not sure you need one based on your state of mind already."
"So you think me topless will do all that for him?"
"Yep, but if you lost your bottoms It would probably speed things up, but I doubt you would do that despite all of your big talk. But you were quick to get me that way in front of your mom. You even joined me eventually and fucked me in front of them. You can't deny once we got started it was awesome fucking while being watched for the first time, and your mom and aunt left pretty happy just from the view of it. Something like that would take Rick's mind off his troubles."
"Well I do have a buzz, but if you want to fuck me in front of him, that is not happening. What I said was I would like to get naked for one of your friends like you did with my kin. I had already had too much to drink when I said that. I think I added that I would like to get him naked for my viewing pleasure as well, making it just a drunken thought, impossible to pull off."
"Well, maybe a little more liquid courage for both of you would help."
"You really sound like you want this, but I am not near as wasted as I would need to be, but I did have my afternoon Martini and I can feel it giving me a little more courage. Giggle, I have some more in the shaker in the house. I will give myself a refill before you get here, so go ahead and bring him. I don't promise anything, but I might get the courage to at least bring him to you topless. So when you get here send him to the backyard to get me, I will pretend to be sunning topless, so I can at least show him some exposed tits."
It was just what I wanted to hear, her giggle gave her away, she was both buzzed and already topless. In the back of my head, I was thinking of solving two problems. I know she likes to dress scantly for Rick, so I was not surprised she was willing to be topless for him.
As far as him seeing her that way when he goes out, it should not throw him. We have seen each other's wives shed their tops at a nude beach on a dare. That was not more than a flash, this will likely be more. I would love to see her in action when she first displays them to him though, it's not like I have not seen them flirt, but never taking things too far. I have never tried to stop her from flirting, I am surely not going to start now. I have always felt a man does not own a woman, nor does she own him. I don't want to own her body, but I don't want to lose her as a partner in life. I figure let her get her thrill, it might make me feel less guilty for my fooling around behind her back, most recently with a young waitress.
I brought him in, and then told him I called Rita and she is anxious to see him. "She is laying out, go say Hi to her and see if she wants to have a drink with us. She admitted to having an afternoon Martini, you might catch her trying to avoid tan lines. I have seen you looking at those tits of hers. For God's sake maybe it will get Selina off your mind."
"Then tell her I will make her a fresh Martini when she gets here. Be quiet when you go out if you want to see some great breasts or maybe more."
He was buzzed enough to seem to like that idea. They did not come down right away, I figured maybe she was doing some serious flirting with him. I was making her Martini when I heard her giggle as she did on the phone, and also the sound of them starting down the steps. This was going to be her third drink that I was making, and I was not counting his beers. It being late in the afternoon it will probably be on a near empty stomach. I know Rick and I had nothing but some pretzels and nuts at the bar.
She was the first to become visible as they came down the steps, now giggling out of control. I found out why when she did, talk about a shock! The first thing I saw was my wife's ass being held by my best friend who was carrying her.
Once I saw more of her, I could see she was not just topless. She was not just nude either, she was nude, and in his arms. If that was not enough I soon found out the clothed buddy I sent to get her was no longer clothed either. I may have egged her on about showing some skin, and this was probably a gag to fuck with me again like the shower gag, but this duo nude thing with her in his arms I couldn't fucking believe. She was in nothing but her piercings, and playing up the gag, she had her arms around his neck, and head on his shoulder like they were long-time lovers.
About halfway down the steps, I could see a bi-product of the gag, his boner. That was not a big surprise considering. I had to chuckle, as it actually looked like it was helping to hold her up. She knew she had me, when she broke out of her lover pose, she had a shit-eating grin on her face. It was one like she has when she pulls what she thinks is a good one on me. She sure did, and she was so sexy that way, seeing her naked with my buddy brought something out in me, and I found out quickly what effect seeing her had on me. The feeling it gave me I could feel in my shorts. I was becoming as hard as Rick.
They were naked, and he was hard, it was still hard to believe. But it was quite a sight, a sexy one. Two tanned, and very fit specimens of their sex. I focused on her of course, the bright light over the pool table highlighted her breasts and made her piercings sparkle in contrast to her all-over tan. When he let her down, she did not leave his side, his hard dick was against her thigh. How could I not be surprised to see my wife's clit hood piercing and my buddy's hard cock that close to it.
I am getting carried away with the description of what I saw, but let me wrap it up by saying, "I was surprised and impressed, by many things, but surprisingly not a bit upset."
I pushed her to do it, and even mentioned her being as naked as she was willing. I never even thought about her being able to get him that way with her, she would have won a big wager from me on that.
I wish I could have seen firsthand how she transitioned from topless to nude in front of him and then talked him into joining her in the gag. I guess once she managed to get herself nude, she decided to go for it. I found she can be convincing, especially while displaying her hot body to me. She has some sexy poses that I swear she practices in a mirror. I know she had to use one to transition to nude in a sexy way. She has a partly side pose that manages to feature her ass, breasts, and most of all her pussy at the same time.
Did she promise him something more, as this was kind of a tease if it's all she was planning on giving him. Maybe she is more wasted than I thought. I was getting hard from the vision forming in my head of the two of them engaged in more, like her on her knees blowing him, or with her legs in the air as she fucked him. She had me in a place where I wanted to see it enough that I would go along with it. I know I would enjoy it if I did. I would want it more for her than him. I mean, she stood and watched me fuck her aunt's tits, and then face fuck her mom. It surprised her, but she admitted later that it was pretty fucking hot to watch.
When I finally made eye contact with Rick he had a look of uncertainty on his beet red face. The look was a mixture of embarrassment, and fear I might be pissed I think. It told me that he did not agree to this right off, that was why he was gone so long. I just had to find out how she managed to pull it off.
Rick was a little lost for words, he said he needed to visit the bathroom to get rid of some beer. I think he was going to run some cold water on his dick. It gave me the chance to corner my naked wife. I could tell she had made herself horny, so I kissed her and squeezed her bare ass cheeks as she talked. She gave me a hug like I have not had from her in years, she seemed so excited to be naked with Rick, not the same reaction I had with her kin at first.
She said, "You should have seen your face when we came down the steps naked. It was a gamble, but I knew you would not make a scene. I wanted to really shock you and figured you would never expect to see us both naked and coming down the steps. I could see I blew your mind."
"To get things started I had my bottoms on but untied. When I offered him my hand to help me up off the lounger they stayed there on the lounger with my top. I giggled when I came up totally naked right in front of him. I'm so glad you pushed me to do that, I felt like a college girl again, and still do honey. Then I thought quickly enough to pretend to be unstable. I made him have to grab my naked body as I made it go limp. One arm was on my tits, his other hand was squeezing my butt cheek to get a grip while he was trying to keep me from falling. I don't have to tell you it turned me on, and Rick's excitement was showing."
"I let him steady me, and once Rick recovered from the shock of the nudity, I put my hand down his shorts and grabbed his hard cock, and asked him if the boner he had was for me. He was speechless. So next I asked him to pick my bikini up for me. He did and tried to hand it to me, but I told him to just carry it, that I wanted to surprise Hal and settle a dare. You should have seen his face when he realized that he would be delivering me to you nude. I took advantage of his boner, and I started undoing his shorts, he started to try to stop me, but you know you men, you don't try very hard to fight when you are already hard and still holding onto a naked female. I finished getting him naked as I told him that it was all a gag and a humorous way for him and me to shock you."
"Well, shock you I did, and boy did I, turns out I got both of you."
"Yes, pretty much, but if you do what else you mentioned you would like to do to one of my friends while drunk, this might be a good time to go for that too, then my mind would be blown."
"I remember what I said when drunk, yes I already grabbed his cock a couple of times while undressing him, but I was not working up to sucking his cock, but I do plan to stay naked. I like it, and it might keep him from crying on our shoulders. But who knows what all I will be willing to do with a naked man after this third Martini you made me? Giggle."
I was a little surprised she was staying nude, but also turned on and optimistic I might get her to give me a bigger show, and give her a bigger thrill. What fun is it having a wife as hot as her if you can't show your friend what is underneath her clothes. In this case, she left nothing to his curiosity. Rick came out of the bathroom still nude and embarrassed but had his cock under control for now. He was starting to realize the depth of the situation. I might have freaked out in the same situation. It made him want to get his clothes from the backyard, but she was not going to go solo, and she stopped him. One hand on his ass cheek and another on his package did it. Where did this version of her come from, the drink shaker?
It was the beginning of a new experience, having a drink with my naked wife and buddy. I guess what we had going was a CMNM&F technically. It affected both them and me, as Rick's cock was standing fairly straight out in front of him, he could not stop that. He and I had been dressed for afternoon drinks, and not for hanging around the house. I did excuse myself to go and get some more comfortable shorts on but did not volunteer to get his stuff.
My priority was underway, and that was to get Rita to a level of drunkenness with Martinis so that she will stay the way she is. When I came back from changing Rita was sitting on the couch just like she would if she was dressed and having a Martini. Rick was next to her having a beer. He still needed some work on his mood, as he started telling his story that I was already forced to hear at the bar to her. She got up close to him and pushed her tits against his body. I knew she had courage from the drinks when I watched her listen as she fondled his cock and balls. I decided to go upstairs again to give them time alone and to avoid having to listen to the story again. I wanted to give her time to finish her drink, them being alone might give her the courage to do something else to shock him and me.
When I came back, the two of them were in a full-blown make-out session. She was on his lap, on his hard cock of course. What she was doing was not what you could call sex, but foreplay. She was kissing his neck, and doing a lot of rubbing of his pecks and abs. His dick was out of reach, but it had to be pressing on her ass and pussy. She stepped things up, mostly to fuck with me I think as she waited for me to object. She took one of his hands and put it on her breasts. She said, "I am doing my part cheering you up by rubbing your chest, it is only fair that you rub mine. Is this OK with you Hal?"
By that time I had decided to just let her know that she could have her fun. I did not quite give her cart blanc but close to it. I said, "Well Honey, your job was to cheer him up, and you seem to be doing well. I guess I just have to let you continue as long as it is working."
Rick was confused to hear that, and so was I, but I was not the one with a friend's wife groping me and urging me to grope her back. Once she heard the word, (Let you continue) she stepped things up. She worked her hand down to his cock again. All women know that if they control your cock, they control you. They were both just sitting there drinking, and once I said what I did, neither one of them had a problem feeling the other up. She was controlling the whole thing, she had to put his hand down on her pussy. That was radical, I guess it was to try to get him to finger her. I could not see the action, but her body language said it was working.
I didn't want her to make him suffer so much wondering, he needed to know more about what was going on.
"Well Rick, Rita is going to be pissed at me, but this show and attention she is giving you is not just for your benefit, in fact, it is mostly her fulfilling a fantasy she admitted having that included you. She wanted to get naked for one of my friends, and yes when pushed, she admitted that she preferred it was you. When you told me about your problem, I thought it might be a chance for both of you to get what you want and probably need. I am OK with all this, she can do what she needs to fulfill her fantasy, and you should feel free to go along with it. I am happy as long as I get to watch, and maybe get a little for myself later."
I got a look from him of disbelief, but he knows I wouldn't play with her or him when it come to something this radical. He was getting used to the idea. She sure took to it, she was now laying on her belly with her naked ass in the air as she switched and made the big step from handling his cock to sucking it. She started by just playing with his knob with her tongue, I like it when she does that with me. He had been getting flaccid, but he was back to full hard quite quickly.
She added to my statement of what brought this on. "Well, you might as well know what helped lead to this, I doubt Hal has told you in much detail about what happened with my mom and him. I was drunk with my mom and aunt. We got ornery and hid Hal's clothes while he was in the shower. We tortured him by not giving them back to him until he gave us a show. Well, he got pissed and called our bluff. Not to drag out the story, we were then four drunks, one was naked. It was a classic CFNM. Hal was pissed at first, but then couldn't hide the fact that he liked it. Things happened, and I was kind of jealous of the fun he seemed to be having by being the only one naked. I made a couple of statements while drunk, one was the statement about being nude for one of his friends, well I am, and it is for you. Now that he has assured me that he is OK with it, we are going to have some fun, nasty fun."
I said, "Well Rick, I called her from the bar to tell her we were coming home, and she was having her second Martini. I thought why not fulfill her fantasy and cheer you up with the view, well it grew to what it is now, so enjoy. So I have tried to let her know that I was OK with the other part of her fantasy, sucking someone else's dick in front of me, looks like it is going to be your dick. I guess she and I are exhibitionists but have not gone public, we have only done it with family and friends so far."
"Oh Fuck You Hal, some of that was between you and me, and I was drunk. But it was your doing it that unleashed the slut in me. Getting me nude for him led to me getting him nude. Rick being nude seems to have led me to want to suck his cock. So Rick, if Hal does not stop me when I get done with your cock, Selina will be the last person you think about."
Rick replied, "Well guys, I never had such a good time in such a fucked up, and totally awkward situation. I am guessing I am experiencing what you did with your in-laws. I can't imagine having a woman any hotter than Rita grope me. Let me know if I get carried away returning her affection."
Without saying anything more, she got even more serious with his cock. In seconds she had one hand full of his balls and the other wrapped around his shaft as she took his cock in her mouth. I knew right away with the two of them naked and her in control of his cock, something more than just this blow job was in the cards. I know how out of hand things got with her mom and me.
After she played with and mouthed his dick for a while she said, "That's a nice cock Rick, and it's so hard, I can't leave you this way."
With that, she proceeded to give him a full-blown, (pun intended) blow job. She does not do any kind of sex half-ass. She worked up to having all of his shaft, then using her fingers, stuffed his balls in her mouth. She could not hold it there very long, but Oh what a sight! Her lips were up against his bald groin, her cheeks puffed out from having a mouth full of his testicles, and his knob was even showing in her neck. It was brief but I can't describe how sexy she looked doing that with my buddy, I don't get to see her doing things with me. I could even see his toes starting to curl up from her action. I see that nude body daily, but I don't get boners like the one this view of the two of them was giving me. I could not help but grab myself and pull my dick out for some play, I guess I was officially a cuck at that moment!
She let go, got her breath, and got him down on the floor in what was like a wrestling move. She was not done with his cock, she was out of control, but I was loving it, and so was Rick. He could not say so because she was now sitting on his face as she leaned over and was back to working his cock.
Not sure if she did it on purpose, but she had her ass facing me, and I was watching Rick's tongue work. He was thorough, he did not just tongue her pussy hole, he did her asshole as well between licks of other parts of her pussy. I can now verify that having your buddy eat out your wife in front of you, as she sucks his cock can lead to a serious jerking session. I don't even remember removing them, but my shorts were long gone. We were all naked, I had not gotten that much pleasure out of a jerk-off session in years. It may have even exceeded the joy of one of her hand jobs. But only because of the newness of what I was watching while I did it. Rita was supposed to be comforting Rick, and exposing herself. I don't regret that it got out of hand and came to this.
I must be slacking on my oral, as it was not long before that she had to let go of his cock as he sucked on her clit. She had her knees together clamped on his head as she came hard, I know how that feels. You want your head out, but you are also proud of what you have done and willing to try to do it again.
They were not done, she recovered and then had his legs up in the air as she rimmed him, another thing beyond what she mentioned in her fantasy. I moved a little to the side so I could see better. Seeing her tongue buried in my buddy's asshole was not something I was prepared for, but I knew how it felt, especially when she wiggles her tongue. Rick, well if he had a coronary right then, he would have gone out with a smile on his face.
He was pretty flushed, and so was she. He made what must have been his cumming noise and face, and she clamped down on his cock with her lips and took every last bit of it. It was hard to believe what I was seeing for the first time, my wife taking my buddy's cumshot. He must have been truthful about his lack of sex, he did have a big load. She was really having fun along with the pleasure, and she showed the slut in her as she opened her mouth to show his spunk to me as she was swallowing what was not running out of her mouth. I was wacking my member at a pretty fast pace when she crawled over to my cum dripping off her chin. She knew my cum face and was right in front of my cock, her mouth open waiting for my shot.
Looking down and into her eyes as she waited was all I needed. I let loose and watched rope after rope leave my penis on the way to her mouth, and she caught almost all of them. She was so sexy back on her loins with cum from both of us on her face, some dripping off her chin. It was such a sexy pose, her pussy swollen from all Rick's tongue action, her breasts flushed from his groping and nibbling on them. It was a Kodak moment, I was tempted to get my phone.
She was in rare form, I have to say I had never seen her quite that sexually excited, but I did know how the thrill of sex with someone new can affect you. It is why an asshole like me has cheated on her. I could not help but think it would have been more enjoyable with her blessing, instead of the guilt.
She sat there looking just as sexy as when she had taken Rick and I's shot, but the view was not very ladylike with her knees up and legs open. She stopped to take a drink of her Martini, it was about gone so she downed the rest of it.
"Well Hal, you started this, when we girls give blow jobs we are doing it for you. When we get fucked it is for both parties. Your choice, Fuck me with Rick watching or let Rick fuck me with you watching. You seem to have enjoyed the show you got from us so far."
Then exclaimed, "Wow is this really going down! Better get me another Martini, I will make quick work of it, while it's decided who is going to fuck this horny slut."
I now had the opening I needed and said, "Fucking you sounds good, watching you fuck Rick sounds hot too, why not do both, we are all naked and available for it?"
I went to make her another Martini while she made the final decision. It takes a few minutes to make one from scratch, and in my state maybe longer. When I came back she was sitting on his lap facing him. I could see some of Rick's dick between the crack of her ass. She was busy nibbling on his neck and nipples as she ground her ass on his package.
I was fine with the way things were going, it was not like I was not going to get fucked, she is insatiable when drinking. Especially when drinking Martinis, they are for serious drinkers I guess, it is good that it's not her everyday drink though.
I was getting hard again then too, but not hard like Rick yet. So I made another decision and got bold, "How does that pussy feel on your cock Rick, it's just waiting for a hard cock to enter it. Rita, get in a position to put on your slut act you give to me when were are playing around, it's OK. I want to see you display yourself for someone else."
Well, there is not a whole lot to her slut act, she dismounted him first. Then she laid back on the carpet while pulling her legs up and spreading them, showing her opening still quivering from the oral. A woman giving me a peek of the inside of her pussy works every time. It is quite a sight, and even better when she opens it up with her fingers. I could see so well, I noticed air bubbles in her juices that had been bubbling as Rick thoroughly ate her pussy. I never noticed that before, but normally as soon as I pull my head out of her pussy, my hard dick replaces my tongue.
I am not sure Rick had ever noticed that effect of good oral, he was mesmerized by the view of the inside of his friend's wife's, pussy. Her doing that for us was so fucking dirty, but yet so sexy as well. He looked at me as I probably would look at a friend if I was given that kind of view. I gave him a simple yes nod to make sure he knew I was OK with them fucking, her pussy was just begging for a hard cock, and a good fuck. He gave his dick a few strokes to be sure it was ready and headed over to her.
The next thing I knew he was on his way, crawling over to her with his dick practically dragging on the floor. "You two just get it on for now, I love both of you and want to see you fuck while I jerk off to help my dick recover some more. If you don't wear her out or fill her full of cum, I will be the closer. I will save my next cumshot for her."
Rick with a slight slur of his speech, "Am I dreaming, are you sure this is OK Hal?"
"I am fine with this as long as it's what she wants and she enjoys it. But keep in mind that word of what happens here today does not leave this room."
She was on her own and was now holding her legs back as he put his knob against her hole. I love that moment when fucking, just knowing that your penis is about to be surrounded in such a warm welcoming place. Like me, he left her in suspense for a few seconds before pushing and entering her vagina.
"Oh, Rick! Can you believe this, we are fucking in front of Hal, well if you get to it we are!"
Her pussy was more than ready, lubed to the hilt. It was only a few strokes before he was burying his cock in her mouth and throat all the way up to his balls. He pushed her legs back next to her head, and I was able to watch his balls bouncing off her ass for a while.
"Harder Rick, pound this slut's pussy, and smack her ass!"
He did pound it that is, he was not in a good position to smack her ass, but he got a couple of good licks in. She was more than happy with his word, and called out, "Oh Fuck Hal, this is awesome, we got to get you a new pussy to fuck too."
Well I agree, but I already had done it many times, the last was not but a few days before.
Seeing a buddy spreading her legs and holding them and her ass up so he could fuck her silly should have bothered me right? But no, it was just too fucking hot at the time, and she was so into it. Every part of the act turned me on, I had seen P.O.V. porn, and a guy's dick going in and out of his partner's pussy. Having it be Rita, and the joy she was showing just made it better. Her moans were in-sync with his strokes, starting with the in-stroke, and ending as his butt cheeks tightened as his balls hit her butt.
Stroke after stroke he gave her, and she was just plain going crazy with joy as he continued to pound her. I was edging myself waiting for them to catch up. I am going to have to re-evaluate my contribution to our lovemaking, I tend to be in a hurry, they seemed to be trying to stretch it out. Our sex probably had gotten a bit routine for her it had to me. I use that as an excuse for getting some strange behind her back. Swinging at least on a limited basis might be right for us. Both she and I admitted experiencing some new kind of high when we had sex in front of her kin. It sounds strange to even think about what we did, but it was hot.
They were going at it with no end in sight, I could not help but be surprised that they got comfortable enough to do this in front of me. But could I fuck Selina in front of him? Hell Yes! I would grab her big ass, and fuck the shit out of that Hispanic bitch's pussy if I got the chance.
Us men are animals when it comes to sex, once aroused to this degree, you can block out whatever you want to. A husband is just a spectator who is getting as turned on as you are. I know I was aroused in a very similar way as if I was the one doing the fucking. In that and this case, I had no problem having sex with myself in front of them. Although I will admit, even after what all I did with her mom and aunt, jerking in front of a buddy was still a little more difficult at first.
If there was anything that bothered me a little, it was when he had let go of her thighs, and was taking her missionary. It was not just the position, it was what they did as they fucked. They kept going, and at one point just plain made love like I probably don't do with her enough anymore. I had to tell myself he was doing that to show her respect, and not treat her like a cumslut. It told me that this was special to him as well as her, and I reminded myself that it was not like it was behind my back.
When he was ready to cum, he respectfully pulled out to cum on her breasts. Holding his dick now slick with her juices as she stopped him from stroking it, she made it clear she wanted the shot inside her. Now I was watching his cock go in and out of her again, wondering if this was going to take even longer. But it was not long until he got what was his "O" face, then his shaft turned white from being coated with his cum. Some of the excess was running down her crack, another view I never thought I would ever get, yet enjoy."
Rita was still in rare form, add the sex to all the alcohol she had ingested and she wanted more. She had something in mind but she didn't have the courage to ask for it. So we took a break, she needed it if she was going to take me on. During the break, she had another Martini from what was left in the shaker. Rick and I finished a beer before she was willing to communicate what she dreamed up. She said, "We need a big finale to this event, after all, it likely will be a one-time thing. I think Hal fucking my pussy, and Rick then joining in and entering my ass would be a great finish."
It was something I had seen in porn, and thought most of the women seemed to like it if the guys knew what they were doing and tried to be tender. It was her night I had already decided and told her. We had close to a half an hour break, and I was hard from hearing her request. I told her if she was sure it was not just the alcohol talking, I was OK with trying it. I guess if she had never let me in the back door I might have nixed it. But she has always been quick to try to please me anyway. Rick was just as surprised as he was when we started the night, but he was half hard, it seemed like when he heard her request he had started getting hard again, and was almost ready to go.
Rita got him her bottle of lube she uses with her play toys. She told him to make sure he coated his penis well. I was a little slow getting another hard-on, so she assisted me with her mouth. After watching her suck and fuck my friend, it was nice to have her attention. Looking at her with a mouth full of my cock gave me a moment. It was a moment of appreciation and joy. The joy was evident, the appreciation was that she was mine. Women that are willing to do the slutty things she has done for me sexually, and now have done things with a friend in front of you don't usually come in such beautiful packages. I could not wait to have her fit-tanned body pressed against me and my cock buried inside her.
Once I was still enough, we started the act with my Rita riding me, I would have probably been more reluctant to have my dick in someone else's cum if it was not my buddy Rick's. It turned out to be a godsend because both holes needed lube once they were filled with cock. It felt so good to be inside her after being a spectator most of the evening. I could not wait to see what it feels like to have another cock a thin wall away. I heard guys say it is the only thing better than anal sex. I was really stroking her when Rick said he was ready anytime. She leaned over and pressed her tits into my chest. This position put her ass up in the air, her head beside mine, and her anus assessable to Rick.
Rick was real delicate with her, he slowly entered her anus, allowing her anal cavity time to adjust. I was surprised I was able to feel the shape of his knob as it rubbed against my knob and shaft. I knew that he was making progress, and I immediately felt an intimacy with both of them I did not expect. I pulled back a little, and our knobs started to rub against each other, it was a strange but good feeling, and Rita liked it too. I think it is safe to say it was a special feeling for all of us.
"Oh Fuck Guys, I love this, I think I can take a little more speed but not depth, you two are hitting my G Spot."
I did the best I could, but it is hard to thrust up, but it did feel good. Rick did not say much but, "Oh Fuck, this is good!" a couple of times.
Rita was the first to cum, she was practically screaming, "Oh Fuck Yeah!" was all she could repeat.
She came down and claimed that her orgasm was on a whole new level and had such a different feel. She usually does not take cumshots in her ass, but she told Rick since this was a special event, he could cum in her ass if he wanted to, I doubt he had
much left to give.
Rita was really out of control and probably going to be sorry she did all this in the morning. A little cum still running out of her ass would not make a difference. We seemed to have a good rhythm and stroke as our knobs were rubbing on each stroke, this caused me to cum first, and large. My cock started to shrink, and that kind of left Rick the only one still giving her pleasure. It was kind of strange, I was left kissing my wife as my buddy fucked her in the ass. His balls were sliding up and down over my near-flaccid package. She and I were sucking face when he went off in her. By the look on her face and her body movement, I think he gave her an anal orgasm about the same time he had his.
We were laying on our backs recovering when Rita was the first to get her breath and to speak.
"Did I really just take two cocks at once, what was I thinking. It was one amazing "O" though, both of them were special. I think it was because it was with my two favorite men. No other two cocks could make me feel that good."
I wondered if this one time was enough for her, or if this was not going to be the one-time thing I expected it to be. I know that once I cheated, I wanted more of that feeling. This was different, but I still had mixed feelings about the possibility of one or both of them not being able to stop.
We were three fucked up and fucked out humans. I got a towel and cleaned her off.
We had another drink, but we eventually sent him to the guest room, he could not drive, and I think he wanted to get back at Selina for being such a bitch by not coming home. We were tired, and I had to fuck with Rick one last time. You carried her down here, take her back up, and drop off at the master. You get the guest room and don't get any more ideas, it was a great party but it's over. I locked up and joined her in our bed, she is my girl, and I was happy knowing I was the one that got to sleep and live with her.
Rick was gone when we got up. Probably a good idea, it would have been awkward the morning after, but I for one had no regrets.
Our desire to try a swap was left unfulfilled but the threesome and her getting a new cock helped give our sex life a boost. As far as Rick and his wife, maybe it did that for them too. I wondered why she seemed to have a change in her attitude. I did not push him for details when Rick said they were on the mend. Rita and Rick did not quit their flirting, that is just the way it has always been, no more no less. I did not think they would cheat, I don't think they ever did. At the same time, I knew with the special feelings they had for each other, they would not turn down another opportunity to fuck if we all were alright with it.
Even with Rick and his wife on the mend, it was a little uncomfortable when we went out to dinner with them like we used to. I swore I detected they had something they wanted to talk about, but Rita said I was crazy.
Rita and I were having really good sex after the share. But it was not a swap, and even though I did not always get along with Selina, I don't think there is any other couple I would rather swap with. I think Selena and I not always seeing eye to eye added a mystique to our relationship. It's hard to explain, I guess it is a love-hate thing, as I always have wanted to grab her by that big ass of hers and fuck her silly.
We continued to do some things with Rick and Selina, I think she and Rita seemed to become closer. I don't think it had anything to do with them both fucking the same guy, her husband. I hoped that information remained locked in the vault for all of our sakes.
My relationship with Selina probably was about the same. She is what she is, and I let her decide how close she wanted to be with me. I will say it seemed like something seemed to cause her to try to change it. She would talk to me the same, but I swear she was coming on to me as well. I guess if she started both being nice and coming on, it would be harder to explain.
Selina, as I said before, was hot and just plain oozes sex sometimes, she had Hispanic blood in her. That is probably why she is both feisty and so very sexy as well. She had the most beautiful black hair I had ever seen. Unlike Rita, she was short but had a shape most would call voluptuous. Her perfectly proportioned round ass and perfectly shaped ample breasts made her body exceptional.
I eventually realized that the change in her attitude toward me was for real. She was starting to act with me more like Rita acted with Rick. She used to be so jealous, not of Rita and Rick but of my friendship with him. Married guys and gals can be jealous of each other's best friend. I get a little that way when Rita is out shopping with hers and comes home all Happy and Buzzed. I think it reminds us of what our relationship was like before we married and moved in with each other.
Selina all of a sudden was isolating me when we were all together. She would talk about things that a woman might talk about to her husband or a close female friend.
When bringing up their sex life she gave me too much info one time. She and I were left alone when she should not have mentioned it at all. Selina told me that they were getting along better day to day, but the sex they were having was not that good for her. "Our sex is too short, and just not that satisfying, it used to be unbridled, and a little rough. He does not even offer to choke me while he is fucking me. I rarely get orgasms anymore, are you able to give Rita an orgasm every time you eat or fuck her?"
Well, how do you answer that? I tried, "Well all women are not the same when it comes to that I think."
She pressed her body against me, mostly her breasts against my chest, as she moved a hand inside my thigh and slid it up to, and on my junk. I wanted to reach down and remove it right away, but I am a man. She said, "I bet you do better than Rick with this thing, he often just fucks me and rolls over and goes to sleep."
I had nothing, but she said, "I felt something when I pressed against you, then more when my hand just happened to land on your package. Your willy seemed to get excited, even when you're just close to me, Rick's cock rarely does anymore unless I take it out and start sucking it."
She talked like Rick's and my cock's are individuals, although sometimes I think mine is. This was a turning point that was difficult for me to digest. I did not have a response for those types of comments, without giving her the impression that I was responding to her pass.
As time went by she said and made more contact, "You and Rita seem so happy, so much more in love than I remember you when we spent more time together. Have you had counseling, or done something radical that changed your relationship? We have tried different things, like making love in public places. Getting naked on a public trail and making love. It has helped but we are still looking for something more, something radical, something big."
She went directly to my junk through my pants with her hand and held it there. "I bet you are a stud, Rita seems so happy when she talks about your love life. If you ever have any leftover, well you now know where you can get some, with or without Rick's approval."
Now that could not have been more blatant, she propositioned me. But admit it made me hard, and to think about holding on to her butt cheeks and fucking her till she said, uncle.
Selina's comment kind of echoed Rita's thoughts when she complains about our sex and says, "Boy that Rick might be a little less blessed, but he sure can fuck, well, sorry honey, I guess it was because it was our first time."
She says that referring to the threesome with Rick. I thought maybe I figured it out, but then told myself it couldn't be. Could Rick have mentioned or in some way had given away our threesome when they were on the outs? I could not imagine him telling her about it, but maybe she had some other reasons to be suspicious. Rita and Selina did some shopping, and that usually includes cocktails. But tell her what she did with Rick? No way!
We had a picnic with them once at the State Park. We decided to pick a trail for a hike. I left it up to Rick, it was like he knew what was my least favorite trail, and Rick picked it, and Rita added that she wanted to go on that one as well. I was suspicious, it was the first time I felt out of the loop. Selina was quickly on my arm, she was going with me.
Not much was said other than that we would meet back at the car. We were not on the trail very long when Selina had to pee. I turned and she went behind some bushes. When she said, "It's OK to look now I am done."
I looked, and I did what they call a double take. She was the first woman I encountered that had to get naked to pee in the woods. I was speechless, and she was giggling. She walked over to me and said, "I have seen you checking me out, I know you like my ass, Rita told me you do. It's just the two of us, (then took my hand and put it on her ass) and said, "Go ahead, feel it and my breasts, nobody will know."
So there I was, My God! She looked hot. I felt like I was in one of those animations where the Devil was on one shoulder, and an Angel on the other telling me not to. I did not listen to either one of them, I listened to little Willy in my pants. She pulled my shirt off, but I did not let her get to my shorts. I placated her by grabbing her ass and pulling her against me. Her bare breasts were pressed against my chest. She tried again with my shorts and ended up with a hand down the front and holding my growing cock.
I finally spoke, I did not want to say or do anything that would impede the progress she and I had made in our mostly casual relationship. First I pulled her hand out. "You want a little excitement, I understand that but Rick and I have been buddies a long time. I will go as far as some touchy-feely, but stay above my belt. Contact with it is more likely to cause me to lose control, and I am not fucking my buddy's wife behind his back."
I was in pain, I wanted to bend her over and fuck her so bad. Cupping her breasts and sucking on her
nipples was pleasing to both of us. She grabbed a tree and bent over to stick her ass out. Well, that exceeded my manly limits, I pulled down my shorts, and I had my knob against her opening when I heard the rustle of someone coming. We retreated behind a tree to see a couple walk past our abandoned clothes and laugh as he grabbed her ass. We started something.
It was my chance to think, and I told her we better go. She, "Oh No Hal! Don't leave me like this, if I can't have your cock, at least give me some fingers. (as she said that she put two fingers in her vagina and put them in her mouth.) I really think you would like the taste, Rick does?
Well, I was not going to eat her out either, I wanted her to dress and get back on the trail. I looked her in the eyes and the look she gave me was different than any she ever gave me before. I threw my shirt over a stump and sat her down on it. I then started fingering her, I finger fucked her. She managed to get my hard cock in her mouth. I had not done that kind of messing around in years.
Fingering becomes something only done as foreplay as you get older. You are either rejected or fucked. I knew I was not likely going to be able to give her a good orgasm if any at all. I did have her serious attention as far as my cock went. I warned her of my event, and she opted to take it, I was not surprised. I have to admit, even though I let Rick and Rita do their thing, the daringness of this made it a special blow job. That was the end of our mutual aid. I helped her up and wrapped my arms around her and held her firmly against me. I accepted her tongue even though it had been coated with my cum.
She said, "That was nice, but I still want to fuck you."
So did I, but I left that statement go without a comment.
She dressed and we got on our way.
We got back first and we were on the longer trail. We talked a little when they got back and got in our cars and left. Rita was quick to confess, "I can't be dishonest, I sucked Rick's cock. It was not his idea, I forced the issue. Did you guys argue as usual, or 'bond' like Rick and I while you were alone in the woods?"
The wording of her question challenged me to come up with an equally vague answer.
"Well you know I like her ass, I caught a glimpse of it still bare when she had to pee. Let's just say we both lost some of our control, but soon came to our senses."
I felt like that answer was not a confession or denial. I should have been a politician. I did not push her to see if she fucked Rick, nor did she volunteer any more information about their hike. It was clear that all of us were disheveled beyond what we would be from a hike.
I had a feeling that something more was brewing, I knew at least the girls conspired on the hike incident. I think maybe Rita expected a more detailed confession from me. I don't trust women not to conspire against their men.
It did not take me long to find out, it was right one night at their house we were having some drinks, well probably too many drinks. They invited us into their hot tub. We had no advance warning so we had no suits with us. Selina said they could loan us some, but that bikinis need to be sized more than trunks. Not sure that was true, as Selina's would just cover more of Rita's ass.
Selina made the comment, from what I can see, and have heard, Hal might have trouble finding room in Rick's trunks. That was another puzzling statement made by her, it was a confession that what we did on the hike included at least some nudity. Then she took things further when she questioned if we really needed them, and mentioned that they go in nude all the time, it's private there, and none of us have anything that the others have not seen.
That was when things might have been more clear if I would have picked up on it. Rick took the ball on that one. "What the hell, why do we need suits, we have known each other for years. We took that vacation several years ago when the girls had their tops off at the beach. Both Rita and Rick admitted to some interaction with the other's spouse on our recent hike, I will just let it go at that."
Well, a few drinks later the idea seemed to take hold in all three of us. The next thing I knew we were three drunk horny people undressing at their hot tub. Rick and Rita were not nearly as interested in seeing what each other looked like nude like Selina and I were. We had less carnal knowledge than Rick and Rita had of each other. I was a little excited and hard when I pulled off my jockeys. I found out quickly that I was hard, as my cock was Selina's complete focus of attention.
No one was in a hurry to get in the tub and lose the view, it was still new to all of us. We had a full moon, and our nude girls looked fabulous in that light. We were both lucky to have women that were so beautiful. Selina's body was even better than I remembered. The moonlight makes a naked woman look even sexier. That ass of Selina's is world-class, the bald pussy between it was not as visible, I had not seen much of it on our little trist, but she did her best to show it to me.
Selina deliberately had let her clothes drop to the tile surrounding the tub when she undressed, women are usually more careful with the type of clothes she had on. This allowed her to lean over as she gathered them up in no hurry. Who did she have her ass and pussy pointed to, well me of course. I had the urge to kneel and eat her out as I held her ass cheeks. Or grab them and shove my cock inside her bald pussy. She and I had already had more than just foreplay on the hike. Her breast I had seen and felt up before. They were hanging down below her and the thought went through my mind of how they felt, and I wanted to cup one in each hand and fuck her her doggie.
Even though Rita's body was a little more familiar to Rick, she still did her best to give him a view of her pussy as well. This and the trail incident convinced me I was not in on what was happening at the hot tub either. Rick was close to Rita, and Selina was staying close to me. She let me help her into the hot tub, as Rick helped Rita.
We got in the tub and were passing a bottle around, I was not sure what the occasion was but was about to find out. I found out why me and Selina were seated by each other as were Rick and Rita. The girls started giggling at one point, it was clear they were more buzzed than us. I noticed Rick and Rita being so close and a little handsy and did it in front of me and Selina. I had not seen that since the night we shared her. It was more confusing that it was in front of Selina, if something was not planned she would have been pissed.
Then I felt Selina's hand on my junk and knew that again, at least the girls had a plan. You could not see well under the water, but you knew where she was going with her hand by following her arm. She did not waste time, she went right to ground zero. She looked impressed with the feel of it, the warm water must have not caused me any difficulty with my erection.
I think they were sending signals, as Selina came in for a kiss at the same time Rick started sucking my wife's tongue. My dick and balls were getting a workout, so being just drunk enough to go with the flow. I used my hands to explore her body again, it's not like I did not enjoy it the first time. Then there was Rick and my wife, if she sucked his dick on the trail without fucking him, I am surprised. But I was sure was going to know if she could get away with it. So I did not hold back much either, I felt up her breasts, then worked my way down to finger her.
Things were getting hot and heavy in more ways than one. Eventually, we all had to get up out of the water for a break from all of it. Booze and too much time in the tub is not good in the first place. So we were then sitting up on the side with the jets off and were showing more, or covering less. I made no effort to hide my package, I guess I wanted to remind at least my wife and buddy that it was the biggest cock there. We could also talk then as the tub was turned off. We sat there in the Moonlight as our drinking continued.
Our conversations were no longer as private. Selina tends to get loud while drinking anyway. She told me "I can see and feel that the cock I did not think could possibly be that big in the past, actually is. Both Rick and Rita told me about it before I sucked it on the hike. He told me that he was not sure I would like one that big inside me. Well, now that I have felt it and seen it hard, I sure would like to try it."
Well all of us heard at least some of that, but no one said anything, so I finally did. "I feel like I have not been in on something for a while now, and I mean even before this evening. It's time to show your cards to me."
Selina took that one, "Well Rita had one too many Martinis when she took me out to try to help Rick and me with our problem. She gets loose-lipped on them as I am sure you know, and we talked about our spouse's cocks, and how well they used them. A slip of the tongue made me think she knew a little too much about Ricks. She talked a little about what you guys have done with an unnamed guy to spice things up. So I put two and two together and then I pressured Rick. I got him both drunk and worked up. I did not tell him what I thought I knew, and then he told me a similar story about what gave you guys a boost.
He tried to tell me without letting on that he was the guy in on it. I pushed him some more, and he just told me that you guys had a threesome, not what sexual acts were involved. That was upsetting and intriguing at the same time. So after a blow job and my promise to not get mad at him, he confessed to getting a blow job, but I had a feeling he was still holding back. I had to assume that like most threesomes they involved fucking. That should have pissed me off, and it did a little, but mostly because I was left out of the fun. I just came out and told him things will not be even until I got to fuck Hal. Well, it's not like I haven't tried, I went to pee on the hike and came back naked, and still only got to blow him."
"Every since the partial confessions painted a pretty good picture of what happened, I have been trying to come on to you, but you have been playing hard to get. I guess the strange jealousy I have had of you and the way I have always acted around you made you reluctant. I know Rita has fucked Rick, and you have him outgunned. How can I not want to find out what it would feel like to host a new and bigger cock. Not just anyone, but your's for some reason. Hal, I just want to fuck you for fucks sake, and not a romantic involvement, I think Rita wants another go at Rick and has similar motives."
Well, now the mystery was settled. Rita gave her more info than she thought she did, and Rick told her even more. It was obvious that at least Rita and Selina had this nude hot tub scenario in mind after the hike scheme failed to get Selina fucked, and yes Rick had to be let in on it all as well. What surprised me was that she seemed to have taken what she knew about what we did as well as she had. Instead of her being pissed at us, she wants to fuck me, I surrender.
A swap was imminent, it just needed to be started. Selina seemed to still be the most excited about it and addressed Rick and Rita. "How would you guys (addressing Rick and Rita) like to see the two of us get busy? I guess I will just say it, watch Hal and I have a little oral fun, and then get down and dirty and fuck in front of you. Damn, that sounds hot! I guess he and I are the ones with the least carnal knowledge of each other. Since it would be uncomfortable and hard to see here, we can move to a lounger. The moonlight will serve our vision better over there."
"Once you have seen me take a cock that I struggle with in my mouth, you guys can take a turn. I want Hal but also want to see my husband fuck his friend's wife, and see if he is holding back on me. It might seem more sudden to Hal, but once the three of us had the information we needed, we have been trying to bring it up. I was mad at all of you at first, but then I imagined how hot it would be to fuck Hal and that helped me get over it. I guess I was only that mad because I was left out. I want to find out for myself if variety is the spice of life."
Rita said, "I am in, I have only seen Hal once with someone else, and I loved it. I won't get into details."
I was glad Rita did not mention the details, but even drunk who is going to tell a friend that she and her husband got naked and fucked in front of her mom, or her husband face fucked her mom?
Rita said, "You guys go first we will follow. I think that is only fair to you Selina. Rick and I will be spectators, but once we see Hal dip his dick in that awesome pussy of yours, we might not be able to wait. In my head I picture it as a beautiful thing to observe, two people we love dearly having intimate sex just for the enjoyment of it. You don't have to worry Selina. Rick and I found out during the threesome that we are good sexually. Truth is I would never want to live with him, he wines too much about his problems."
There I was, walking to a lounger hard and, with a feisty woman I used to think had disdain for me, and likely did. She had her hand around my waist, and I had a handful of her round ass I adore. She got a little bossy when we got there, but I did not care, I was finally going to fuck her. She told me to lay down, so I did, she crawled up to my cock that was now in the upright position. She got right to sucking it, I looked down into her hazel eyes and also took in her round ass that was sticking up in the air behind her, I would like to have a selfie of her naked ass I can't see enough of.
She stopped to look at Rick and said, "You weren't exaggerating honey, this is one big cock. I thought so on the trail but did not get much time to handle it. I don't think I even want to try swallowing it. Why have you waited so long to tell me your friend was a bull, I get why Rita did not let on until recently. Not sure I would have told anyone about it. Rick, were you afraid that I am so shallow that I would leave you for such an obnoxious guy with a big cock?"
She did not get a reply and went on, "I have to admit despite his personality, I always found him handsome. But the reason I want him now is because not only do I get a big cock, but get to be watched sucking it, I can't wait to be seen by both Rick and Rita taking that big thing in my little pussy."
Despite acting like she was afraid of it, she had little trouble taking most of it, she does have a big mouth, I knew that. Then she tried for more and did better than most do with it. It had taken Rita a long time to conquer it. Selina did not stay on it long, sucking my cock was not her main goal, so she then moved up to get fucked with it. She reached down to guide it inside her. She put on a little act, "Oh Fuck, there is no way this big knob is going to fit through this little hole of mine."
I don't think she was going for a laugh, but she got one, how could we not? But there was some truth in her statement, it did not go in easy, it fit, but her pussy was just not ready for it. She had to hold it against her hole and wiggle that nice ass of hers before it opened up far enough to let it past the opening. But when I felt my knob penetrate her she seemed happy to finally have it inside her. "Oh My God Hal, fuck me with that monster."
She was exaggerating, but I also realized that she was tighter than Rita, something I planned on keeping to myself when it comes to Rita. Once she got going she had no trouble riding it. I can't say I did not like it, well love it. Holding that bountiful ass I have admired even while covered for years as she fucked me. She was very verbal, and not a bit filtered. "Damn, you guy's I am not lying this is one big dick on this asshole! I don't remember having one this deep in me. I might have to start treating him nicely so I can get another ride someday. Yes, I still think you are an asshole, so I guess that tells your Rita that she doesn't need to worry about me running off with you."
I barely got into pounding her when it was my turn on top of her, I saw we were probably going to lose our audience. There was my naked wife and buddy engaging in foreplay while Selina and I fucked.
I had to ignore them, as I did not want to miss out on the joy I was getting having someone that was often rude to me, but yet now doing the most intimate thing you can do with another human. I could tell that if I did not take over the event, I was not going to be able to delay getting off for very long. I decided to show her my strength and asked her if she wanted to try sitting on my face before I accidentally fill it with cum. She got the picture and was straddling my head as I held her by her ass again, her sweet pussy was right there where I could get to it and see if I got the same results I get with other women. I started exploring first, that is my style.
I like to find out where I get the best reactions. It did not take me long as she reacted right away to my style of pussy eating. It was very much like when Rick first ate Rita out. I got Selina off three times before she had enough. It was not so much my skill I surmised. It was about being new to each other as well. She was loud and could not take it anymore. She was so loud the other two had to stop their play to see what the fuck was going down.
"Oh Fuck Hal, if you make me cum like that again I might lose my fucking mind. Get that big dick back inside me, finish fucking me."
So I did. Selina was so limber and compact, she could roll herself up into a ball with her pussy on top.
I got up over her and came down and into her, my version of pile driving. I guess like sports this became a competition with Rick, I wanted to fuck his wife harder and get more "Os" out of her than he got out of mine. Even though my cock felt so good going down into the tight hole of this feisty Hispanic minx, I could only sustain that position for a short while. I had the stamina to go longer, but I was just too close to cumming when I pulled out the first time. I also wanted to feel our bodies press against each other so we changed to missionary. An often maligned position because it is considered so basic.
Who does not want to fuck while a babe is pulling you down with her arms, and clamping down on your ass? It is so easy to add kissing and tongue-sucking in this position, all while looking into eyes that are only an inch or so away from yours. It's all so good that it is often confused with love!
I thought the cumshot that felt when I gave my mother-in-law a facial was special. But it did not hold a candle to this one I had while being watched by my buddy fucking his wife. I could feel every part of it, my balls tightening, my cum exiting my penis. She tightened her hold on me and dug her nails into my back. Rita has only done that the few times we orgasmed together. Then she yelled in pleasure, "Fuck Hal, you did it again!"
It seemed to last, but could never have lasted long enough. It was special, no denying it. I wished orgasms like that lasted longer, I am sure women do too.
We rolled over on our sides and just stared at each other. She said, "I am so glad that Rick fessed up about the threesome, and Rita was fine with this. That felt so good, so new. It may sound weird, but not only do I hope to do it again, I can't wait to talk about it as I have regular sex with Rick."
I was not sure how to take that, but had an answer, "I think you will find that this experience will make your sex as a married couple better, the meat a guy has to offer has little to do with it, mine was not just new to you, but I worked harder than normal to please as well, yes I am a showoff. I will say though that I am thinking
having a change of partners with you two is not something that shouldn't be done again sometime. Like a vaccine, we all might need a booster, and I can't imagine never holding you by your firm round butt, and eating you out again. The fucking was just a bonus."
I then told her, "The next best thing to fucking someone new and have your spouse watch, is to watch them. It is a quick way to find out if they are slacking on you. But you have to concede that new sex is more exciting when you are under pressure to impress, like you were with me, and when you and Rick were new."
"That said, let's go watch my wife suck your husband's cock, as he is eating her pussy. I can attest to the fact that they do one hot 69. I had to grab my cock, and, well let's just say I almost came watching them."
We did, she and I took a seat, hydrated with more booze, and watched. We got there just in time to see the outline of Rick's knob in my wife's neck as she swallowed his cock and held it there until I thought she might pass out. Selina looked impressed, maybe a little jealous of Rita's skills as not every woman can do that. They are still relatively new, but she has had a lot of practice with me, she loves sucking cock. I noticed Selena was looking at him to see if he was holding back any pussy eating skills on her. I guess it is something that goes along with swapping or the swinging lifestyle. You don't want your spouse getting better oral than you are getting.
I will say that ever since I told her the last time not to hold back, she had been more verbal with me, but still not as much as with Rick. We had kind of snuck up on them and Rita thought they were alone. "Oh Rick, I did not think you could get any better at eating my pussy, but you have it down, I am about to cum again."
I guess the night's activities kind of busted Rick if he was not very honest with Selina about our threesome. I wondered if either one of them have been honest, this was only the second time they had significant sex. She had to do more with him than just blow him on the hike. They had the shortest trail on the hike, and we waited a long time for them to get back. I guess I am guilty of not being totally honest either. I was very vague about what Selina and I did.
I was gone a few days for work after the first impromptu swap during the hike, but she did not seem to miss me as much as usual. I guess suspicion and paranoia go with swapping. Something to get used to I guess, I still am the guiltiest, I nailed the waitress again. But, I guess we were going to have to learn how to deal with the downsides of this new lifestyle. I just hoped that Selina could, as I wanted her bad already, and we had just got done. I was hard as hell and she was already playing with my bone. I kind of think she did not enjoy watching like I did, we may have unleashed something within her. I guess that makes sense, there are more cucks out there than cuck queens. I don't know why some people look down on cucks, there are different degrees of it. I know I could never be hardcore. I consider hardcore as someone that lets their spouse have complete control and deliberately picks guys up to fuck in front of him.
Selina was going to have to adjust to make this work. She wanted to fuck again, but where she wanted to do it in private. I ended up watching as I got another cock sucking. I guess it kept her mouth busy, she is a talker Rick claims a nag. He probably was telling the truth, she was relentless on the hike about us fucking. I just took the blow job and watched, it was hot, but not as much as the first time. This time I saw him make a couple of moves that I always thought I made up. His pile-driving technique was more than just similar. I had to just relax and watch it like I would live porn. Rita was happy, and more verbal than me. There I go again!
We were beat, all of us I thought. Just sitting around in the nude having a drink, and deciding if we should call it a night. Selina wanted to fuck some more and wanted it to be private with our swap partners. I was glad she liked fucking me, she was pretty verbal too. She wanted us to retire for the night not with our spouses but with our swap partners. It was discussed and the rest of us thought it was pushing things, we had a great night. She was overruled, when we retired it was a foursome in one bed. It was OK though, I do not mind sharing a King Bed as long as there is no male bi-sex involved. I guess like most males, I was open to seeing Rita and Selina's head's in each other's pussy though.
We ended up in their bed for the night, having more sex did happen, but it was almost a solo for Selina. First, she rode me as I pretty much just let her, I let her use my cock to get off. Then when she gave up, she fell asleep while trying to suck my cock to get it hard again. "My God" that girl can both suck and fuck all night! All I can say is I was well fucked and sucked that night when we all finally dosed off."
We had to spend the night, we drank too much. Us guys slept in, I woke up to a dick in my butt crack, a limp one thank goodness, and a hairy arm over me. I was being spooned by my buddy. He was pretty embarrassed when I lifted his arm off me and he woke up. I might have done the same in our state that night, Rita and I are spooners. He thought I was Selina, well maybe Rita, it doesn't matter anymore, but he thought I was a female for sure.
We finally got around to laughing it out. I had no clothes there, I left them in the pool area. He agreed to walk down there naked with me. We found the girls down in the kitchen in nothing but aprons, so that was a good way to start the day, us nude and them so sexy with their important parts hanging out. I was glad to see the two of them seemed closer than they had ever been in the past.
I could not help but go for the laugh and tell the girls that Rick tried to butt fuck me. I got the laugh I was going for and more, but I also got covered with the drink of orange juice Rita had just taken. It is a good story I will probably tell it to someone in front of Rick again.
Selina had the last words as we left, "We should do this more often, maybe plan a vacation together next summer, more nudity this time, not just us girls showing tits."
"Maybe vacation together every summer?"