Here I am: standing in front of Big Bones, an on-campus BBQ place...
Fully naked from head to toe, my swear-drenched nude body glistening under the setting sun, not to mention my right hand and soft dick coated in my own fluids...
Y'know, normal shit.
God, just six hours ago I was struggling to imagine being naked in front of just one person...now look at me. I'm about as exposed as one person can get.
I may be off my insane high from earlier, but y'know what? I still kinda like this. It's still embarrassing as hell, and it takes an immense amount of willpower to not cover up and run home. But something about that embarrassment...that feeling...the way everyone can see me and looks at me...it triggers something in me.
Welp, no time like the future.
I take a deep breathe, shove open the door in front of me, and take a big step inside.
Just like when I stepped out on campus, everyone quickly noticed, turning their heads one-by-one.
The chitter chatter went completely dead, with everyone going completely silent and staring at me, whether they were seated, waiting in line, or serving the food.
There had to be at least 40-50 people here. 100 eyes all locked on to my naked, messy body.
I'm sure that many people, probably more, saw me during my walk across campus, but it feels more powerful when it's all those people at once.
Suddenly, I hear a microphone feedback over the speaker, followed by a masculine voice.
"Alright everyone, before we go crazy here: yes, he's allowed to do this. He's part of a special program, so don't waste your time trying to call campus security, or even the cops. That's all I have to say. Just needed to clear that up so we don't have any incidents. If you wanna know more, ask him yourself."
Most people try to force themselves to go back to what they were doing, some still staring, others making glances. Hushed voices were heard throughout the area.
Fuck, man...
"Alright," I say to Barry, "I'm gonna head into the bathroom and wipe myself down."
"Sounds good, man! I'll wave over to you once you get out and grab your food!"
"Cool cool," I respond.
The restroom is right next to the entrance, so quickly enter. It was empty.
As I make my way over to the sink, I notice something: the long mirror covering the entire wall above the sinks.
And I- I see myself standing there.
Holy fuck.
Here, I'm actually seeing it for the first time, and it makes the reality set in even further. Here I am, totally nude in a public restroom, covered in my own sweat and cum.
Better clean off.
I grab some paper towels from the dispenser, and dampen them with water.
Looking into the mirror, I begin to wipe myself down. I start by my chest, feeling the cool water run over my body, wiping away all of my bodily fluids.
Fuck. This is hot.
I scrub under my arms. Shit. Seeing myself in the mirror like this was unreal. I was essentially taking a shower in the middle of a public restroom, right in front of the sinks.
I move my hands towards my abdomen. That's where most of my cum landed. I make sure to wipe it all off, still taking in every move I make.
Thinking about it, mid-day public cleaning sessions are probably going to be a regular occurrence for me...I'm excited.
Finally, I move down to my nether regions. I thoroughly wipe off my cock and balls, but make sure not to get TOO into it. I'm not looking to jump into another masturbation sesh this quick.
I give my ass a quick cleaning, and finish off with a quick wipe down each leg.
There we go.
I toss away the paper towels, and take one last look in the mirror.
My full body, totally nude, and now glistening with droplets of water.
I look good. I feel good.
------------------------------------------------------
I step out of the bathroom, back into the open restaurant. Once again I'm met by glances and hushed voices, and people trying to look away and act casual. I feel the chill of the AC all over my body, still damp from my cleaning.
Hoo boy...
I make my way over to where the counter is. This place is more of a "fast casual" restaurant, where you order your food at a counter, and then take it to whatever open spot you can find to sit down.
I'm overly conscious of everyone moving around and glancing at me. People ordering, carrying their food away, getting drinks from the soda fountain...I feel way too aware of them, and the fact that they're wearing clothes. Meanwhile, I can feel my bare feet cold against the tile floor.
Whatever, stay focused.
I find the line for ordering, and hop on the end. It's not too long. There's like four people in front of me.
Being naked in this place full of everyday clothed people going about their business, it wasn't long before my dick once again returned to full mast. Yet again it was stiffening and growing...
ACK!
Something's touching the tip of my dick! I look down and realize....FUCK. It's the ass of the girl in front of me.
I was so distracted by the overwhelming exhibitionist ecstasy that I didn't even notice the girl in front of me until my cock had bumps
She jumps for a second, before turning her head around and seeing what poked her. Fuck.
Her face is initially one of shock, before slowly morphing into one of mischief. She give me a smirk and a wink, before turning back around to face forward.
Holy fuck. I take a step back to give her some space. I see people looking over at what just happened, all with a variety of reactions: some in shock, some disgusted, some entertained.
I tried my best to clear my mind, at least while I was on line for food.
-----------------------------------------
After a few minutes, I make my way to the front of the line. I'm almost used to my nudity at this point. Or at least I'm not ALWAYS actively conscious about it. Really just when I notice someone staring or snickering.
I ask the man behind the counter for a cheeseburger. He looks me up and down and replies "sure thing, big guy."
That made my knees tremble a bit.
He hands me my burger, and I walk over to the cashier to pay for it. The cashier, a woman, smirks at me and says "Oh don't worry about it, your meal is on the house."
"Wait, for real?" I ask
"Yep!" she smiles, "I think you've brought more than enough to the table tonight."
She winks, and gestures to me to walk on.
------------------------
And now I'm in the table area. Dozens, well over a hundred other students are all sitting around tables eating their meals and chatting....and I'm standing right in the middle of them. It's hard to hear over all the chatter, but I can see a good percentage of the students are still staring at me, or pointing and making comments.
How the hell am I gonna do this every day?
I look around for Barry, and I eventually see him, waving his hand over to me.
His table is a ways away, so I have to walk around others and skooch my way over. Walking past all these tables, my cock and balls pass within inches of other students' heads. Sometimes I even felt my naked legs brush against someone...
Fuck, I never even considered accidental contact...
I'm gonna lose it.
-------------------------------------------------------
Eventually, I make my way over to Barry, who's seated with three other people: a pretty strong-looking guy, a smaller girl, and a guy on the skinnier side. They're all trying their best not to stare at me, but it's pretty obvious they're struggling.
Barry gestures towards me, "HEY! THERE HE IS! MAN OF THE HOUR!"
He points towards an empty seat, "Take a seat right there, pal!"
I sit in the seat. I'm between the skinnier guy and the girl.
Barry keeps talking as if nothing is out of the ordinary (as if he'd do anything else), "So Jack, let me introduce you! These are some friends from the cross country team! This here is our captain, Leo! He's a fourth-year!"
The buff guy speaks up, trying to keep things casual. "Wassup."
"Hey uh, nice to meet you," I awkwardly reply.
Barry continues, "That's Sarah," he says pointing at the girl. "She's a freshman like us!"
Sarah looks down. Her face is beet red. She's doing everything in her power to look away from me.
She sheepishly raises one hand to wave at me. "H-hello..."
"Uh, hi," I respond.
Leo speaks up, "She's also my sister. So don't get any funny ideas."
"And that," Barry says pointing at the other guy, "is Sebastian! This is his second year."
"Heyy," Sebastian says, giving me a little wave."
Sebastian isn't like the other two though. He's looking right at me. Wait...is he...h-horny?
Sebastian gives me a little wink, before looking back at the others. What is that, my fourth wink since I've been here?
"Alright, now that you're all introduced, let's dig in!" Barry says enthusiastically.
---------------------------------------------------------------
We all start eating our food, with some awkward small talk. I won't bore you with the details, but of course, they ask me about my...situation, and I give them the long-short of the scholarship, just like I have to others so far. I just fill them in on the required nudity and encouraged public sex stuff. My story is once again faced with varying degrees of disbelief and and shock, but they continue on.
After a while, while the others are continuing the small talk, I notice Sebastian is making an incredibly....mischievous face. Is he...planning something.
Suddenly, Sebastian flicks his fork off the table, as if by accident, clearly not an accident.
"Oops!" he exclaims, "I dropped my fork! Better go find it!"
Sarah looks at him confusedly, but Barry and Leo are too busy talking to even notice.
Sebastian climbs off his chair, and crouches down, disappearing under the table.
Oooooookay, I'm not really sure what he-
Oh.
OH.
I-IS HE DOING WHAT I THINK HE'S DOING?