I woke up to Milo watching me from the back of the couch.
"Mm, hi baby," I reached up to pet him as I fought the light in my eyes.
"Morning," Zach said from the other room. I sat up and saw him working in the kitchen.
"Ung, morning. I totally passed out last night, I'm sorry."
"For what? You're good man. You can absolutely crash here any time. In fact, I'm glad you did since you had a decent amount to drink. Speaking of, you feeling alright?"
"Hm? Oh, yeah. I feel fine, not hungover or anything. I was just so sleepy after a certain point last night," I said.
"No worries, I'm making waffles for us!" he said with a smile as he waved the mixing spoon. His dick swung from the motion - we were definitely both still naked. Though, I had to admit, it suddenly didn't feel as weird as it did last night.
"Shit, you don't have to do that."
"Don't sweat it. I like making breakfast. Do you drink coffee?"
"Uh, sure! I'll come over and help in a second."
I walked over to the bathroom with a raging hard-on.
"Haha, nice morning wood!" Zach laughed at me.
"Uh, sorry. It's like this every morning," I said.
"Dude, you gotta stop apologizing for your cock. You and he are most welcome here. By the way, there's extra tooth brushes under the sink."
I thanked him and went to piss, not bothering to close the door. I tried to get my dick to calm down while I brushed my teeth, but I knew it would probably be another ten minutes before it did. I was feeling more comfortable in my body than I did last night, so I decided to ignore it. Besides, he kept telling me not to worry about my dick or what it does.
I joined him in the kitchen as he was setting our plates, my cock still pointing straight forward.
"God, this feels so wrong," I looked down at my dick as I said it.
"Only if you let it." He replied with a grin, his eyes following my own. His dick was definitely thicker than it was a few minutes ago.
"I guess," I thanked him for the waffles as we sat at the counter. "Fuck, these are great," I said. "Did you make them from scratch?"
"I did," he smiled.
"Damn, you're just multitalented. Amazing cocktails, amazing waffles from scratch. You're quite the host." 'Amazing dick,' I thought without saying.
"Ha, thanks! I enjoy entertaining. By the way," he said with a mouthful of waffle, "Some friends of mine were going to swing by today,"
"Oh, shit, sorry," I should have known I was overstaying my welcome. "I'll get out of your hair! Sorry about that."
"No no no, dude, it's fine! They're really chill, I was just letting you know in case you wanted to continue hanging out with us."
"Oh. Are you sure?" I asked. "I mean I can definitely go back to my dorm. I didn't even think I was going to spend the night."
"No man, you're more than welcome to stay. I really enjoyed hanging out last night, and besides my friends coming over to hang, I've got nothing else going on today."
"Um, alright then. Neither do I. Sure, thanks!" I said. "Are, uhm - Do these friends also hang out naked?"
"Yeah," he said with a slight smile.
"Um, alright," I had felt like my dick was starting to return to normal, but it just stiffened up again.
"Is that ok?"
I thought for a second. "Yeah, I think so. I guess I feel like I just barely got used to being naked around you. But I suppose it wouldn't be too different arounds others." I said it as if it were a question.
"Exactly," he said with another smile. "Plus, you can always put your clothes back on if you're in any way uncomfortable."
"Fair. So who are these friends of yours?"
"Just some buddies; Isaiah is a friend from high school, and I met Jax at an old job a few years ago. They're both really chill, trust me." He's going to need to stop smiling so nicely at me.
"Alright. I'm just always so nervous meeting new people."
"Trust me," he said as he put his hand on the top of my thigh. It's like an electric shock went through the lower half of my body, especially my groin. "You'll be fine," his eyes rested on my dick for a moment, then he looked up at me and smiled, giving my leg a reassuring squeeze before letting go. "My friends are very sociable and down-to-earth. You have nothing to worry about, promise."
My dick started to steadily grow even more. Fuck, did he do that on purpose?
"Thanks," I said. I still wasn't used to having a friend who wasn't an asshole.
He smiled once more before glancing at my dick again, now basically brushing against the bottom of the countertop, then he went to the bathroom.
I put the plates in the sink, then followed him into the bathroom, almost without thinking about it.
He was holding his dick in his hand, definitely slightly chubbed.
"Need the toilet again already?" he chuckled. "You can piss with me," he stepped aside, giving his dick a small stroke in the process.
"Oh, um. No I uh..." Fuck, I didn't really think about following him into the bathroom, I just did it almost instinctively. "Do you have uh... Floss?" I finally pulled my eyes away from his shaft and foreskin.
He grinned at me. God damn, I hope he didn't realize I was just following him and his dick for no reason. "Yeah, above the sink," he said.
"Thanks," I said weakly, trying to save myself. "I like to floss after eating."
"Of course," he gave another half-smile. "So what do you want to do with the morning?"
I didn't appreciate the direction my mind immediately went. "Uhm, what was that web series you showed me last night?"
"Helluva Boss! Did you like it?"
"Yeah! The first episode was really good, though I kinda started to fall asleep after that."
"No worries, you wanna restart episode 2?"
"Sure!" I said as I finished flossing and he shook the piss from his foreskin. I thought he must've held it a few moments longer than he had to, giving it a few strokes towards the end. Though I don't have my foreskin, so I'm not sure how long you needed to shake out the piss.
We went to the couch, me sitting where I was last night. He joined next to me, but immediately decided to put his legs up on my lap, laying across me on the couch as he pulled up the series on the TV. I was surprised at the casual closeness and tried to act natural.
"This alright with you?" he asked with a nod towards his legs across me as the episode started.
"Yeah," I said softly.
I've got to admit, the web series starts off strong with the humor; we shared laughs throughout. When the main character, Blitz answered the phone and the bird-demon appeared again, Zach stretched out his legs like the character on screen, saying "God, I fucking love Stolas."
"He's the one with the book?" I asked.
"Yeah, the main characters use his book to get to the mortal world. I just love his character though. We see his family in the next episode I think. Man's got everything, demon nobility and all, but he just wants my man Blitz to fuck him. I respect that."
Sure enough, we hear Stolas giving Blitz an extremely graphic description of all the ways he wants Blitz to fuck, dominate, and violate him.
I'm not usually squeamish with things like this, but something about the show diving into gay sexual desires while Zach's calves rested over my dick and balls made me flush.
"So like, are he and Blitz gay?" I asked.
"I mean, they fuck each other. But Stolas has a wife, and Blitz has an ex-girlfriend, so."
"Oh, so they're bi then, I guess." I've been mulling over various labels in my own head in the past few months, trying to pin down my own sexuality.
"The show doesn't really give any of the characters labels like that. Within the show, you fuck who you fuck, you love who you love, and nobody gives a shit," he said with a matter-of-fact, yet still upbeat tone.
"Hmm," I muttered, thinking.
I've only recently started admitting to myself that I might not be considered straight, but also liking girls made it so difficult. If I took a survey of everyone I've ever been attracted to or had a crush on, I don't think you could find a clear pattern, especially not one based on gender.
"I kinda like that, no labels," I concluded aloud.
"Yeah," He agreed. "People are complicated."
I let a bit too long of a conversational beat pass, but I couldn't help but wonder what his own attraction was like. Was he telling me he's also into guys?
As the episode was wrapping up I decided to just ask.
"So, do you not have a label, then?" He kinda smiled at me as he stretched his arms and legs out at the question, rubbing his calves over my dick and balls in the process. I readjusted and tried not to get hard with limited success.
"Mmm, not really, to be honest," he answered with a sort of sigh. "I've been attracted to all sorts of people. Fucked all sorts too, haha - cis guys and girls, a few trans and non-binary folks here and there. I don't know, I try not to label myself, like you said."
"Jesus," I said, unable to help myself.
"Haha, what?" He said with false offense. "Are you going to slut shame me now?"
"No no, haha, that's not what I meant at all! I'm sorry. Just, uh, more things I guess I'm not used to talking openly about."
"No worries," he gave me a sideways grin as he grabbed the controller to play the next episode. "I am somewhat of a slut anyways, so."
"Oh really?" I looked down at my dick getting thicker, right under his legs. His own cock looked comfortable resting on his thighs, only a few inches away from my lap.
"Well, if you go by the antiquated idea that anyone who has sex outside of marriage, or even a relationship is a slut, then sure. You know how it is."
"Not really," I said after a moment, imagining him fucking all sorts of people and feeling the heat radiate in my groin.
"Not much of a slut yourself?" He asked.
"No," I said quietly. "I've, uh, actually haven't had sex before. Not really."
"Really?" He sounded surprised. "Thought guys and girls would line up for some of this," He smiled and squeezed my bicep. I thought he would be judgemental, but he didn't sound that way at all.
"Ha. Um, no. Not exactly. I mean, I've fooled around a bit. Like, when I was a freshman in high school, me and a friend jerked off together. And, um. Sorta jerked each other off too. But that was it. Then in senior year me and this girl I really liked made out for a while, but nothing really came of it, so." I tried not to sound ashamed of myself as I trailed off.
"Hey, I hope you know I'm not judging you in the slightest. Everyone has their own path and experiences with physical intimacy. There's just as much shame in having only a few partners as there is in having a lot - which is to say none at all."
"Thanks," I said. "Ya know I can't tell my friends from high school or college buddies that. I've basically had to imply that I've done it all, or most of it."
"That's lame, I'm sorry they're like that."
"Yeah, it's weird. They somehow have so much more bravado than you, but at the same time they seem shameful, especially about their own bodies. Or maybe it's not shame, but insecurity?"
"S'usually how it is," he said. "But hey, college is hard for everyone. It's the time to figure that stuff out, and a lot of guys feel the need to fake having it all together. Though - then again, some never stop faking it."
"Yeah, I guess," I agreed. In the following silence I was very aware of my penis pressing against the bottom of his calves as it got hard. I looked down at it as he readjusted his legs, letting my hardon loose to stand at attention, resting one leg on either side of it, almost holding it up now.
He adjusted his own cock too - bringing his right hand under his balls for support and resting it there as he got the next episode up. God, his sack really was beautiful. I imagined my hand where his was, feeling the heft of his balls. My dick throbbed slightly and brushed up against his leg, him still ignoring it.
We continued like that for a while, weaving in and out of laughing at the show and talking about other, more lighthearted topics. Both of us seemed to get aroused at various times, then calming back down after a few minutes. He was right - dicks do have a mind of their own, and it felt really nice to let them to it without judgment or shame. I have to confess, however, that I enjoyed the tension of either or both of our cocks being even slightly stiff.
We were about to start one of the later episodes when there was a knock at the door.
Fuck, I had almost forgotten about his friends coming over. The calmness I was feeling for the better part of the last hour was replaced with a familiar anxiety.
"That should be Isaiah, he's always first to arrive."
I suddenly felt incredibly naked. Obviously I've been naked for over twelve hours at this point, but meeting someone new while in the buff was a whole new level of nervousness. My dick was slightly chubbed, and while it was acceptable between just Zach and I, I quickly tried to get it to relax so I didn't embarrass myself in front of his friend.
I didn't really have any luck before Zach opened the door and Isaiah walked in. He was incredibly tall, having at least five inches on Zach, who wasn't short himself. And, Jesus, he was built like a linebacker. He had a massive amount of muscle all over, it wouldn't be worth it to pick out any area as more defined than any others. His shirt barely kept his biceps in, and his shorts looked like they were two sizes two small given the way they clung to his thighs.
"Hey dude!" He greeted Zach with a mellow but resonating voice.
"Hey man, good to see you," Zach said as Isaiah started taking off his shirt as a matter of course, revealing the fur lining his belly.
"This is my little bro," Zach smiled and stood next to me, wrapping his right arm around my waist and pressed our hips together. If I felt butterflies in my stomach at standing here naked, meeting someone new, then Zach giving me a naked hug-of-sorts and calling me his little bro must have spawned literal wasps. I felt very small.
"Nice to meetcha!" Isaiah stuck out his arm towards me after unzipping his shorts, giving me a view of his pubes. Apparently he wasn't wearing underwear. I realized my eyes were resting there for too long as I shook his hand, barely managing a meek "You too."
"Wait a minute," he turned back towards Zach, "I thought you only had a sister?" Zach started explaining the situation with our parents, but I completely tuned everything out as Isaiah pulled down his shorts.
Holy. Fucking. Christ. I held my breath and almost fell to my knees in shock. I thought Zach had a huge dick, but this was just - I had no words. As he pulled down his pants, an enormous, thick, floppy cock unfolded and rested between his legs. When my or Zach's dick moves, it has a bit of jiggle to it. This seemed less the case with Isaiah - the heft of his piece made it much more subservient to gravity, resting against his massive balls with hardly any wobble back and forth. It got comfortable and confidently stared at me from his groin, essentially saying 'Yeah, I know I'm the biggest cock you've ever seen. Nice to meet you.'
I forgot to breathe. My dick forgot to get hard. I just stood there in awe. It's a wonder I didn't outright drool.
"Dude?" Isaiah was talking to me. Fuck. I finally broke eye-contact with his cock. I was thinking about what object best matches the size of his dick.
"Sorry," I said as he smirked at Zach with a side-ways glance.
He looked me up and down, pausing at my dick, still frozen at chubbed from before, not fully erect. "I said how do you feel about you guys' parents getting hitched?" A shampoo bottle, I thought? Maybe some, but the bigger ones would be slightly hyperbolic. Only slightly, though.
"Oh, it's alright. They're really happy together, so I'm pretty fine with it. It's not like he's going to really be my dad or anything - I'm already out of the house, living on campus." Definitely much thicker than a remote control, and longer than almost all of them.
"Ah, that's good!" I felt something I couldn't place at his deep, smooth voice being directed at me. "At least you're still getting one hell of a brother out of it!" he said it with a laugh, punching Zach on the arm.
"Haha, I guess so!" I said. About as thick as a can of soda. Definitely longer, though. Maybe a can of Monster? No, a can of Arizona Tea, I decided. His cock was like a can of Arizona Tea. I don't think I'll be able to look at the 99¢ label the same way again.
"So what're you guys up to?" Isaiah asked.
"I'm showing him Helluva Boss, we're mostly through it now," Zach responded.
"Ah shit, I fucking love Helluva Boss. I'll watch the rest with you guys," Isaiah said as he got settled on the loveseat next to the couch. "Oh, by the way, Jax texted me; he said he won't be able to make it today."
"Ah, sounds like him. No worries," Zach went to grab a glass of water for Isaiah. "Or, do you want a beer dude?"
"It's one o'clock in the afternoon!"
"Ha," Zach chuckled. "Don't give me that shit, you're only saying that cause you don't want to seem like an alcoholic in front of my bro. I know how you are," Zach laughed.
"Ugh, fair. Maybe in an hour or two," Isaiah conceded with a grin.
I settled myself back on the couch with Zach joining soon after. Of course I didn't feel quite as comfortable with Isaiah now present, however Zach had no such qualms. He rested his legs back up on mine and stretched out his arms above his head, giving his dick a nice little flop in the process. I tried to quell my more sexual throughts, but Isaiah didn't make it easy.
"You two look cosey," he said wryly. He had his feet up on the coffee table, and while he was facing us at a ninety degree angle, I could see most of his cock and balls hanging beneath his legs. Clearly he and his junk were no stranger to hanging out, enjoying themselves at Zach's place, but I couldn't help to think that he should be charging a fee for the privilege of viewing his gargantuan manhood, like some exhibit at the county fair. I almost felt like I was watching a popstar eat a cheeseburger in front of me - the casualness of it made it feel all the more electrifying.
I registered that we were being judged, however jokingly, but I really couldn't pull my attention away from his dangling cock to manage a reply quick enough.
"Shut up, you're just jealous you don't have someone to cuddle at the moment," Zach retorted.
I couldn't even muster a response to the word cuddle. Is that what we were doing?
"Fair," Isaiah said with a smirk and turned his head towards the TV.
"Don't let his muscles fool you," Zach said to me as he got the show back up, "He's just a whiny baby."
"Fuck you," Isaiah chuckled. "Is it Helluva Boss time or what?"
Of course the image of curling up to his thick muscles filled my mind for the first half of the next episode. If he really wanted someone to cuddle I could see myself allowing his massive frame to envelop me.
I tried to fight these thoughts, though. I felt much closer to him than I did before our visit, but I was hardly even good friends with Zach, let alone his friends, however hunky and large they might happen to be. I spent the last eighteen hours shamefully lusting after my soon-to-be step-brother, I needed to stop myself from continuing with his friends.
Half-way through the last episode Zach repositioned himself to lean his back against me. I noticed Isaiah glance over and see my now-fully exposed dick chubbed. Maybe he thinks I'm always this size and doesn't realize it's chubbed? I thought that would be great, but then realized he'll eventually see it at its normal size. He has to know he's far beyond average, right? It can't be like he's judging my cock for being closer to the average? Fuck, I needed to stop thinking about his cock.
"So what'dcha think?" Zach asked as the credits to the last episode began to roll.
"It was really cool!" I said. "I really liked how both silly and sincere it is."
"Yeah, it's both hilarious and weirdly wholesome at the same time," Isaiah agreed. He got up to head to the kitchen, and of course I couldn't stop myself from looking at his cock swinging as he went. I decided I needed to head to the bathroom now before I get completely hard again.
"Hey, what if I was saving those chips for a special occasion?" I heard Zach playfully chide Isaiah from the other room.
"I'm here, what more of a special occasion do you need?" Isaiah retorted. I laughed as I started to piss.
My bladder was only half empty when Isaiah came through the door I left open. "Mind if I join you?" He grabbed his dick.
My stream abruptly stopped. Fuck, I'm pee-shy at the best of times, let alone when starting down the thickest rod I've ever seen. "Uh, sure thing," I said.
I scooted over and he came to stand right next to me facing the bowl. Immediately he started pissing after slightly pulling back his foreskin.
"Shy?" He asked, noticing I hadn't started peeing again but instead started to chub up even more.
"Uh, yeah. I've always been pee-shy, even at urinals where there aren't, uh -" I trailed off in panic. I still needed to pee, but him standing there halted the whole process.
"Aren't what? Cocks less than six inches from yours?" He laughed.
"Not ones that intimidating..." I muttered.
"HA! Hahaha, I'm flattered, but please don't be intimidated by him. He's quite friendly when you get to know him. Just a big softie, is all," Did he fucking wink at me? I've never been winked at so much in a twenty-four hour period.
"I uh, I bet. Er, I mean, I'll take your word for it." I still wasn't peeing. He still was.
"You can hold him if you'd like to be properly introduced," He said.
Fuck fuck fuck, I don't know if he was joking or just extremely comfortable, but him suggesting that in his smooth, deep voice made me rock-hard almost instantly.
"I'm good right now," I managed weakly.
"Haha, no worries. I'll leave you and he to it then," he said as he finished pissing and shook the head of his dick. "Try doing math problems in your head, big guy."
It took me a few minutes to fully calm down and finish pissing. When I was done I went back to the couch with Zach. Isaiah was in the kitchen blending a smoothie or something.
"You alright?" Zach asked with a bit of concern.
"Yeah, I guess," I replied in a slightly hushed voice. "You didn't tell me your friend had a cock worthy of the record books."
"Haha, guess I thought I'd leave it as a happy surprise. I'd say you get used to it, but he really does have a monster between his legs."
"Arizona tea," I corrected.
"What?"
"It's bigger than a Monster can. More like an Arizona tea."
As he realized I must've given the matter some thought, he burst out in the biggest belly-laugh I've seen. "Hahaha, damn, I guess you're right!" He managed between laughs.
Isaiah stopped the blender and asked what was so funny.
"Nothing, nothing Mr. Arizona," Zach laughed some more.
"Huh?"
I felt overwhelmed all of a sudden. I was enjoying myself, but there were so many new things and experiences I've had since knocking on Zach's door last night. I thought I was just going to have a casual hang-out session with my step-brother-to-be, but what I got was so much more. I wouldn't have imagined the last day in my wildest dreams, or even fantasies. I felt like all of the new caught up with me and I needed time to reset.
"Hey, I think I'm going to head out," I said to Zach, looking down at his dick as I said it.
"You sure? Anything the matter you want to talk about?"
"I'm good, thanks. I've had a lot of fun, really! This was great, and I hope to do it again soon!" I really did want to be invited back, for many reasons. "But I kinda feel my social battery running dry, plus I've got a lot of classwork left to do before Monday."
"No worries, I completely get that bro. Well I'm glad you came, and we should absolutely hang out again like this soon!" We stood up and he gave me a naked hug. He didn't even lean in to keep our dicks apart. He totally hugged me, our dicks and balls hugging too. It was nice.
Isaiah came back to the living room with his smoothie. "Aw, do I get a hug too?" He asked it in a joking tone, but you could tell he still wanted the hug.
"Haha, yeah sure thing - I'm heading out, got a lot of classwork left to do. But it was really nice meeting you!"
"You too big guy," he embraced me the same way Zach did, only he was of course stronger and taller. I felt all the butterflies in my stomach again as my dick started quickly chubbing up once more.
I moved before he would feel my dick getting harder against his own and went to put on my clothes.
"Thanks again, and drive safe!" Zach called as I went for the door.
I smiled and closed the door behind me. Before I was down the steps, however, I heard Isaiah through the door "What do you mean I scared him off?"
The whole ride back to campus I kept replaying all the scenes in my head, imagining things turning more sexual. As soon as I got back to my dorm I threw off my pants and jerked off four times in a row.