I was surprised when Sheila called me. We had met at the group drawing session that Lucy had arranged.
"How are you?" she asked. Sheila was a new art teacher at a middle school a year or so out of college. She was shy and reserved during the drawing session and had demonstrated much talent in the drawing she had done. We exchanged greetings on the phone and then she got to the point of her call. She told me that she was applying to enter a master of fine arts program at the university and was preparing a portfolio as part of her admission requirement. Her area of interest in the program was painting and drawing using the figure as her subject source. I told her how impressed I was with her drawings that I had viewed.
"I have a request of you that think would help. Could you to pose for me in the next few weeks. I need to complete some new drawings to fill out my portfolio. I have been using myself as a model but I wanted to balance it with some a male samples. What do you think?"
"I would be fine with it as long as I could fit it into my schedule."
"Great. I will pay you of course."
"We can work that out. I know how it is on a new teacher's salary."
"Whatever you want to do. How about we meet on Tuesday night."
I agreed and she gave me her address. I arrived at the house she shared with another teacher and she greeted me warmly. We moved into the living room area and sat down talking about our backgrounds. Shelia told me about growing up in a small town and being raised in a conservative religious environment. Her college experiences were sheltered as she attended a small liberal arts college that was also religious based primarily for teacher training. Her art classes did not allow any nude models so she had not worked from the nude before Lucy's group. Sheila now found that she was a natural when it came to figure drawing and wanted to pursue it further. Sheila was tall with light blond hair, pale blue eyes a long narrow face. She was plain but more on the pretty side and wore wire rim glasses with no make-up. It gave her a very natural look which I found appealing. She was dressed casually in cut off denim shorts with a light violet t-shirt and sat cross legged on the floor. Her hips were wide in relation to her thin shoulders and small breasts and gave her a pear shape with a pale skin tone and long blond hair hanging over her shoulders. The soft lips formed into a warm smile, welcoming me as we chatted.
"I'll show you some of the drawings in my portfolio so far. Your feedback would be helpful and you may have some ideas for what else I may need."
Sheila was very professional and opened up her black portfolio case selecting some of the drawings for me to view. I was very impressed with the elegant line and exquisite details in the work. The first drawing was a pencil study of a half figure view from the thighs up as if she were in front of a mirror looking at herself. the model looked back at the viewer with her pale eyes, her mouth expressionless and her body relaxed. Her small breasts were pointing forward with the nipples erect and the tips distended. The pubic triangle was thick wisp of blond hair, visible as she gazed at the viewer, as if to say your interrupting me. The textures that were rendered in the drawing were very life like. Her hair flowed down with a soft feeling and the features of her face were modeled subtly and accurately.
"This is a wonderful piece. Your drawing technique is so elegant and precise."
"Thanks. I love the work of Andrew Wyeth and try to emulate him."
The other drawings that she showed me were just as impressive. Some were of her roommate Connie who had also posed for her. She was dark haired with a compact gymnast's build.
"You will have no problem getting into the program."
"I wish you were on the acceptance committee. I do want to add some male studies to my samples though and that is why I asked you to pose for me."
"Just tell me how you would like me to pose."
She told me she worked in a spare room set up as her studio and we walked back to there.
"I would like you to pose in the half figure view like the first drawing that I showed you."
She directed me to her bedroom where I undressed and returned to her studio taking off my robe standing over by a wall in view of her easel. I was a little nervous starting out but I was under control. She started the drawing and worked quietly at first absorbed in her work.
"This is all very new to me, working from a male model so I will probably chatter away asking a lot of questions. I hope you don't mind. As I just want to learn all I can."
"Not at all."
"Your face is very masculine with the square jaw, high cheek bones and aquiline nose. And your eyes are your best facial feature, a very unique blue tone. You have a really nice body too. But I am sure you are told that a lot."
"No, I don't hear that much. Thanks for saying it." I responded.
"You have an athletic look with broad shoulders, a well developed chest and your long arms and legs are well toned. I prefer lean men's bodies. Your nipples are pretty small for a man your size. Cute!"
I smiled at that one. That was something I had never heard before. She seemed to be analyzing my body as she drew and went on some more.
"You are not very hairy although being blond the body hair does not show as much. Your abdominal muscles are flat and in good form. Do you work out a lot?"
"Not really I don't like to exercise."
"You're lucky then. You are blessed with good genes. I am not so fortunate. My stomach is too large and flabby and my hips are so wide and my thighs are fleshy and loose. I always feel my breasts are too small. I could go on about my body flaws."
"Women are so much harder on themselves." I consoled her. "Anyway from what I saw from your drawings you have a very attractive body, at least I think so. I like women who are natural and have a feminine body with some curves."
"Really, do you think so? Thanks, but I think you are just being nice."
She continued talking about my body.
"I like your overall coloring. You are blond but your flesh tone is warm and healthy looking. I am blond but pale and pasty looking. Your pubic hair is very golden just like mine and it looks like you trim it back."
"Yes I do." I answered trying to be casual about it.
"I haven't actually seen a penis in the flesh until you posed the other night. My only experience was with photographs."
I was surprised to hear her say this as I thought most women her age had been with a man by now. She certainly was attractive enough probably just socially shy.
"You have a nice sized cock. Are you a little swollen now?"
"I am a bit swollen but flaccid now and hanging loose. It is like that when I am warm. When I get cold it retracts as do my balls and varies a lot i size." I answered.
"Oh I never thought about it like that. Your scrotum is very smooth. You said the other night that you shaved there. Why do you do that?"
"I like the feel of the smoothness. I usually shave every day when I shower."
She seemed to be mulling over what I had just said.
"I like the way it looks, like classical Greek statue." her voice trailed off.
I sensed her further curiosity and replied, "It feels better when it is smooth and soft when it is touched."
She still was curious.
"You mean you like to touch your self there?"
"Yes, and when others touch it too."
She smiled when I said this.
"I notice that you are circumcised. Do you ever wish you weren't?" she asked.
That was something no one had ever asked me.
"I never really thought about that as I don't know what it would be like to be natural. It something I had done to me as an infant and always accepted as normal."
"I have seen photos of uncircumcized cocks and they look very different. I prefer yours."
She stopped drawing for a moment and said, "But your penis is very exposed. Is it extra sensitive because of that? "
"No you get used to it being exposed and the sensitivity. I used to get bothered as a kid sometimes as I would get unwelcome erections sometimes when it would inadvertently rub the wrong way in my shorts."
"Wow that must have been embarrassing. But that doesn't happen anymore?"
"Not usually" blushing a little as I replied.
"The head of your penis seems more prominent since you are circumcised. The shape of yours is like a bell and stands out with the deep coloring around the ridge contrasted with the cooler bluish flesh color of the head. It is nice to draw."
All the attention to the details of my cock began to arouse me and there was some
wetness at the tip. She noticed and said, "I hope all my questions are not embarrassing you. I get very inquisitive when I work and I appreciate your openness with me. Tell me if I go too far."
"No it's O.K as long as you are not embarrassed. It makes the time go faster."
She was nearly finished with the first drawing.
"I just want to put a little more shading before I stop. I would like to do the next one in color."
The pose ended we took a break and I looked over the drawing. It was very well executed as I expected it would be. She had captured my facial features exactly and my body proportions were all correct. The shading was subtle as the lighting was very flat in her studio. The contour lines were rendered elegantly and she had not missed any details. The small mole on my left shoulder was there as was the scar near my collar bone. My hands were drawn in fine detail as well. She drew the pelvic area showing the differing textures and folds. My cock hung down loosely and the sack was rendered with the soft ruffled surface indicated.
"You have certainly captured me no mistaking it."
"Thanks. You are a very good model and appealing to draw with great lines and proportions. I did want to do a seated pose next. You can sit on the divan over there."
"Sure." She showed me where she wanted me to sit and described the pose she wanted. "I want you to lean back, just relax now put your arms up behind your head and your back against the pillow. Now put your legs both up and extend them. That's good now let me look."
She looked intently at the pose.
"Could you pull you right leg underneath your left and slide your pelvis forward?"
I did as she asked.
"That's good, much better."
She positioned herself at the far end of the divan so she was looking from toe to head direction. I was comfortable enough and she was ready to begin.
"I have a request, if you don't mind. Would you arrange your penis in an upward position. I want a different view for this drawing that will show the underside and scrotum. " I lifted the flaccid shaft and arranged it as she requested but felt a tingling start and was feeling somewhat embarrassed as it swelled.
"I am sorry, it just happens sometimes."
She smiled coyly not showing any displeasure.
"Are you becoming aroused?"
"It's o.k. I am aroused but it's normal for me. It happens involuntarily sometimes."
She blushed. "I told you I am inexperienced with men and never saw a penis change like this. I wasn't expecting this to happen, but I am fine with it, intrigued actually.
This gives me a very good view of your penis and scrotum. I see the colors changing there. It looks different. You're getting a warm red blush all over there especially at the head. You are doing a great job. Just try to hold the pose for me"
I could feel my erection growing into full size and just went with it.
A wetness oozed out and ran over the head and down the shaft. I felt so vulnerable and exposed to her. "I want you to feel good about posing for me like this. I am learning so much looking at your body change as I know so little about men's bodies and sexuality. Why are you wet now?" She was not familiar with the wetness that occurs in men when they reach arousal. "It is just something that happens as a man becomes aroused providing a natural lubrication. You get wet when you are aroused, don't you?"
She blushed a bit now.
"Yes I do. I didn't realize men got that way."
She continued her observations and questions as she worked.
"I notice that your cock head has a kind of separation or cleft on the underside and under it small folds of flesh that seem to be red and swollen. I have noticed this in photos."
I was throbbing now with my shaft twitching.
"It is the part of a man's penis that is the most sensitive, like your clitoris." I managed to say.
"Really. Whenever I have seen photos of men masturbating, they have a hand wrapped around the whole shaft of their cocks and pull on it. That must rub this when they do that?"
"Yes it does exactly, that is a very pleasurable feeling."
I was having trouble now concentrating on the pose as her questions were sending me to a peak of arousal.
"I notice that your scrotum has changed shape. It is tight now and the testicles seem to be higher up nearer to your body. Is that a part of being aroused?"
I didn't answer and was losing control.
"Maybe we should stop now."
"I'm sorry. I am just very aroused now and not thinking about posing. I usually have more control."
"It's fine if we stop now and I finish my drawing another time. I don't want you to be uncomfortable."
She moved her eyes move downward to look at my cock, still rigid from my arousal and said, "I really appreciate you being so uninhibited while taking the time to explain so much to me. I am unfamiliar with the male body. It is not all about art I must confess. I feel aroused now too and want see more. Well you know to watch you pleasure yourself. I have never seen that before."
She trailed off and seemed reluctant to finish her sentence. "What is it Sheila?"
"Would you show me how you have an orgasm?"
"I am close to an orgasm now. I would like show you."
She smiled, "Please go on then."
It would not to be difficult to cum for her quickly but I wanted to last a little while more. I took my index finger and touched the tip of my cock, rubbing some of the wetness over it. I teased my frenum with it and felt my cock jerk as i did it.
She watched all this intently and said, "I think this is so sexy. I feel very aroused watching you. I like the way you tease it softly and not just pump it fast like I have seen in videos."
I suddenly felt a spasm building deep inside me and my finger moved more quickly rubbing faster and harder. I felt the spurts explode from me, shooting cum up over my chest and stomach. My release was pure pleasure and I just lay back for a moment.
"This has been the sexiest thing I have ever seen You were so sensual and hot when you reached your final moments of orgasm. Please tell me when you will model for me again."