I'm lying naked on the bed with no blankets or sheets around me. Just a couple of lights are on and the door is open halfway. The door is right in front of the bed, and I left it open just in case I spark your interest. You were watching the game when I tried to repeatedly flirt with you, so I had to take matters in my own hands--literally. I have needs, too.
I dim the light by the bed, just a little, and light a jasmine and vanilla candle. I slither on the bed, feeling the cool, silky sheet beneath my smooth skin, as I reach for a pillow and place it under my head. I reach down and slowly pull the black satin sheet up between my legs and drape it slightly over my naked body, still leaving most of myself exposed. With one hand I gather my long, brown hair and scoop it to the side. I shut my eyes and let my soft hands wander over my body, first stopping at my breasts. My nipples are already hard. I pinch them and let out a moan, a quiet little moan. I rub my breasts hard, like you do, and whisper your name. My hands can't contain my D-cup tits, but I try. My long, tan legs rub back and forth against each other as I start to writhe on the bed.
I pinch my nipples as hard as a can and gasp. I then remove the sheet entirely, my nipples hardening even more in the cool room. My hand starts to slide lower on my body, over my tummy, and right between my legs. My pussy is shaved, and I feel how smooth it is. My middle finger gently, easily slips between my lips; I am already wet with my juices. I slide my finger inside as high into my pussy as I can, slowly pull it out, and slide it up again. My legs instinctively pull up, like when I am positioning myself for your cock. Fingering myself faster, I start to arch my back and lift my ass off the bed. My finger is so wet that it slides out of my hole and hits my clit.
"OOOOhhhh," I gasp louder than I should as I instantly start to tingle with pleasure.
I rub my clit with two fingers and feel it get bigger. I so want to cum already, but I want to tease myself longer. I work in circles, pressing down on my clit with one hand, while my other hand glides over my body.
"What was that?" My eyes dart toward the door.
I know I heard a sound--a shuffling outside the door. It can't be you; you don't watch me masturbate, even though I wish you would. The thought of you being at the door turns me on more and without realizing it, I am reaching for the 7" vibrator I have in the bedside table's drawer. Still rubbing my clit slowly, I hold the big, pink vibrator then slowly put it in my mouth. If you are watching, you will know I am wishing it was your cock. I look toward the door, but the hall is dark. I give the vibrator an excellent blowjob, wishing so much you would come in and fuck me. When it is wet, I stop rubbing my clit and spread my legs extra wide toward the door; I want to give you a good show, if you are there.
I position the vibe between my legs. It is big and hurts a little going in because it is so hard. You are big too, and you hurt too, but a real cock fits in differently. I shut my eyes and bite my lip as I start to press it inside me. I get about two inches in and retract it, teasing myself and trying to slowly get my pussy ready for its assault. I can't help letting out a loud, "MMMmmm," as I shove it deeper inside me. I start taking it higher inside and getting rougher with myself, shoving it inside and making myself gasp. Anyone walking passed the door will hear what I am doing; God, I wish you'd walk by. My hand starts fucking myself with my fake dick, faster and harder, higher and higher. Both the cock and my hand are coated in my sweet, sticky wetness. The vibrator even slips from my grasp it is so slick. I get about 2/3 of it in when I can't take anymore. I stop, getting ready to turn it on. I bite my lip and look at the door with a raised eyebrow.
"Are you there?" I wonder. At that moment, I hear another shuffling. "Did I just hear a zipper? No, it can't be. Wishful thinking. I mean, who can hear a zipper?"
Then I hear you. I hear you pulling down your pants, and I know it. You have been watching. My heart races. My fingers go to my clit like a magnet. I start rubbing and looking at the door. I spread my legs wide and with my free hand start fucking myself with the vibrator. You've never watched me before. Oh, God, you've never watched me before... I think about you stroking your thick, hard cock. I imagine your hand grasped tightly around it, the way you do when you are on your knees next to my face. I imagine you cumming for me. I imagine you shooting your hot cum on my face and in my mouth the way you know I want it. I am so close to cumming. I am moaning so loud for you. God, I want you inside me. With all my willpower, I rip my fingers away from my clit so I don't cum yet. Out... of... breath...
I turn the intensity down on the vibrating, fake pink cock shoved as high as it will go in my pussy. I rub my hands around myself on the sheets trying to cool myself off and slow myself down.
"What does it look like to see this vibrator in my cunt? Does it turn you on? Do you want to pull it out and shove your dripping cock up me instead?" I wonder.
My mind is racing, knowing your eyes are on me; your eyes are burning a path along my hot, naked body. I rub my breasts, because that is what you like to do. I writhe more on the bed, being sure you have a perfect view of me--your slut who goes for a fake cock when I can't have your real one. I switch the vibrator speed to medium. As soon as it starts to move, I gasp.
"Oh, God, Mmmmmmm," I quietly call out.
My thighs clamp shut, holding the vibe deep inside me; it is so wet that it will slip out if I don't. My arms are outstretched on the bed, holding the sheets in my clenched fists. My knees are going from side to side as I enjoy the fuck my rubber friend is giving me. I take the control and flip it to high; I want to take all it has.
"Fuuuucckkk!!" I gutturally groan through clenched teeth. I can't help it; my fingers dive-in for my clit. I try to hold the vibrator in with one hand while my fingers from my other hand furiously work my clit.
"Oooh, oooh, yesssss," I hiss as I am getting closer to going over the top.
I forget you are watching until I hear you exhale out loud. I lift my head up and look directly at the door, as I stop touching my clit and turn the vibe to low. My orgasm is so close to ripping through me; my legs are weak and my knees are shaking.
I'm going insane as thoughts rush through my head: "Why don't you come in? What are you waiting for? Are you going to stay out there??"
I want to cum; I want to cum so fucking badly, but I want to give you a show--and I want to cum with your cock rather than a piece of rubber. With the vibrator still inside me, I reposition myself. It hurts having it inside me when I move. I slide around so I am sitting upright facing the door. I am sitting on the vibrator, holding it in place, getting ready to ride it while I face you. I purposely swing my long hair around my shoulder so it falls down one side of my body the way you like it. I look at the door the way I look at you when I want you to fuck me. I cock my head, bite my lip, and raise my eyebrow. I smile and start to ride the vibrator like I ride you. I reach up and play with my tits.
"Don't you want to play with me?" I ask with my eyes. I wonder how long you are going to hold out.
I am getting more desperate for you to fuck me. I love your cum and don't want you to cum anywhere but on or in me. I raise myself on my knees and let the vibe slide out all on its own. When it does, I quickly pick it up and put it in my mouth, never taking my eyes off the door. I lick down the side of it, and when my mouth envelopes it, I hear you say "Fuck" outside the door. I go down on it like I go down on you, taking it as deep down my throat as I can. I shut my eyes from time to time, but whenever I open them they are fixated in your direction. My hips move beneath me as I work the head of my fake dick. I lick the tip like I would lick the precum from your dick. Still you do not come to me...
I get on all fours with the vibrator still in my mouth, and turn my ass toward the door, shaking it just a little. I reach under myself and finger my slit with two fingers, getting them as wet as I can. Then I slide them to my ass, trying to lube it up. After soaking my fingers a few times, I spit on the vibrator to get it lubed as well. You know I like a little pain, but I have never fucked my ass with this big vibrator before. I look over my shoulder at you as I position it at my tight asshole. I shut my eyes and try to get it inside. I gasp a bit in pain as the head passes into my ass.
"Ooowwwww.... Mmmmmmm, Mmmm, Mmmm," I practically scream as I shove it higher. "FUCK!"
I try to relax, but the vibrator is rock hard and unforgiving to a body. I fall down on my stomach with the vibrator not even halfway into my ass. I try to shove it up more, but it is hurting.
"I can't," I whisper. "I can't take it."
As if I finally spoke a language you understood, you fly in the room—totally naked with blazing eyes.
"You can't take it? A fucking little slut like you can't take it?" you spit with venom in your voice. I feel you grasp the vibrator and pull it out a little.
"Nooo," I whisper, both wanting and not wanting it.
"You don't have a choice. I'm the one in charge now," you hiss as you shove the vibrator back up my ass, even farther than I had it.
"OOOOWWW!"
"Do you like that you fucking slut?"
"Yes," I weakly say as a tear involuntarily falls from my eye. You pull it out again and ram it deeper as I let out a scream.
"That's a good girl; take it all in. Daddy knows what you want."
"Please, no more," I quietly say, with more tears falling as I wonder how I lost the upper hand.
"You can beg, but I am not going to stop. I'm going to give you what you deserve, you little tease. Tell me you want it," you order. When I don't answer right away, you shove the vibrator farther up my ass. I lunge forward, wincing in pain.
"I FUCKING WANT IT," I yell back at you while looking at you over my shoulder, my eyes blazing just as much as yours. With that you yank the vibrator almost out of my ass and then shove it back up as hard as you can. I collapse under you, and you lift me up again.
"Hold still," you command. The vibrator is still deep in my ass, and you grab for the controller. You turn it to high.
"OOOOhhhooh, GOOOOD," I cry, the vibrations evident in my voice.
"You like that don't you?" you whisper in my ear.
"Yyyyeeeesss" I shakily say as the vibrator zzzz's inside me.
"Then get ready for this..." you say as you slide two of your rough fingers inside me. Again, I collapse and you yank me up. My pussy is tight and you normally are more gentle getting me ready for you. Maybe you think the vibe already has me ready. You force your fingers as high in my pussy as you can get them. The combination of the vibrator and your fingers is driving me insane. I hurt so much, but I feel so good. My mind is in a haze, as you rub your thumb on my clit, mercilessly teasing me by not pressing hard enough for me to cum.
"Now I am going to fuck you hard, the way you deserve," you again breathe in my ear. "And don't you dare lay down. You will stay on your hands and knees and take it, Bitch." Before you even finished the sentence I feel the head of your cock in my pussy.
"I'll take it," I say. "I can take anything you can give me," I challenge.
With that you start an all out assault on my pussy with your big, thick cock. I moan, writhe, and buck my hips toward you. You grab my hips with both your hands and pull me deeper onto your cock. You pull my hips back and forth and I try to keep up with you. You release one hip and grasp the vibrator, starting to forcefully fuck me with it.
"I... can't.... take this," I cry, quickly changing my mind.
"You're going to take it until I'm ready to cum," you reply. "And I know you like it."
"Please... Mmmm... OKAY, I... I... can't... take much more," I struggle to say as you force me back and forth. You let go of the vibrator and grab my hair, yanking it back sharply. "Owww," I wince in pain.
"Tell me you are my bitch," you demand as you ram your cock in me hard.
"I'm your bitch."
"Tell me.... FUCK! Tell me I own you," you struggle to get out without missing a beat of pumping your long, hard dick into my dripping cunt.
"You own me, you OWN me! Oh, GOD you OWN me," I cry.
As soon as I do, you pull the vibrator from my ass and your cock from my pussy. You shove me down and flip me over onto my back. You lay down on top of me, heavily, and throw my legs up over your shoulders. In an instant your prick is back inside me, fucking me hard. You grab my arms with one hand and pin them down above my head. Then my breast is in your mouth and you greedily suck it.
"Nooo, no more," I whimper. With that you, bite down on my nipple and I scream out in pain.
"Never tell me no," you angrily say.
You roughly kiss up my neck, pressing hard, and I feel the stubble of your face scratch my neck and along my face, while never breaking your fucking rhythm in my pussy. I smell your sweat, and a few drops drip from your head to my chest and roll down my body. You lick my neck as you take your fingers to my clit. You are always so rough on my clit. I jump and try to position it away from you. You pull your hand out and slap the underside of my thigh brutally, ordering me not to move. Again, you seek out my clit.
"Uuuuhhhh," I cry as you rub it, shutting my eyes tight. You take both hands to hold my arms down again, this time at my sides, and thrust your dick so hard in my cunt that my whole body is shoved into the headboard as it takes your attack.
"I love fucking you so hard your tits bounce," you proudly state as you continue forcing your cock as high as it can go, my tits bouncing with each powerful thrust.
"Mmmmmm, I'm getting close, Slut," you add. "Are you ready to suck it out of me?"
I nod my head.
"Tell me," you direct.
"I want to suck every drop of cum out of your cock. Please let me suck your cock," I eagerly beg.
"FUCK," you yell. "Hearing you say that can make me cum. Get down on your knees, you whore."
You let me up and I quickly drop to my knees on the floor. You sit on the edge of the bed, your cock standing at full attention, my juices and a river of precum oozing from your tip.
"Lick me clean," you order, and I quickly respond, my mouth watering.
I take you in my hot, wet mouth. Your cock tastes so good. I suck down it, taking it as far as I can then slowly lifting off. I hear you moan. You move your hand to the back of my head and press me back down. I swirl my tongue all over your cock as I take you as far down my throat as I can. I lift off and go to lick your balls. As I do, you tell me I am a good girl and it makes my clit twitch. I draw my tongue back up your cock and envelope the head again. You grasp both sides of my head and start to fuck my mouth. I know when you do this that I should just hold still and take your cock. I do and you shove it harder and farther down my throat. I try not to gag, but I can't help it and start to choke.
"That's what I like," you tell me and then suddenly pull yourself from my mouth. You lift me back on to the bed and get on your knees next to my face. We are assuming the "cum" position.
"May I touch myself?" I ask.
"Yes, I want you to cum for me. Do it NOW," you firmly command.
I furiously start rubbing my clit, squirming next to you. You are on your knees, stroking yourself, inches from my face.
"Will you cum in my mouth AND on my face?" I ask.
"Is that what you want?"
"Mmmmm, yes, yes, yes," I quickly reply. "I want your cum all over me, Baby."
"There's going to be a lot. Are you going to be able to take it all?"
"Yes. I want it all," I tell you.
"I know you do, and I'll give it to you," you say looking down at me with an arrogant, knowing smile.
"Mmmmmm," I moan. As soon as you talk about cum, I almost explode. I open my mouth and take your cock inside, and I continue to rub my clit. You slide a finger in my pussy and rub my clit with your thumb. I groan with your cock still in my mouth. I feel my orgasm building; I am weak all over and my tummy is on fire. I open my mouth to cry out and you instantly grasp your cock and jack it in front of my mouth.
"OOOOOOHHHH," I scream, "I'm cuuuuuummming!!!"
As the first wave of my orgasm rips through me and my eyes shut, I hear you yell, "I'm going to cum!"
I open my eyes and turn toward your cock with my mouth open, my body still convulsing from my orgasm. The first shot of cum hits the side of my mouth. The second inside my waiting mouth, and I hungrily swallow it down. The third and forth shoot all over my face and hair. Your cock is still oozing cum as you rub it all around my face.
"Mmmmm, yeah" you say as I flick my tongue over your cock. My face is covered in your cum, and I look up at you. You reach down and scoop some cum into my mouth. You smile, liking the image of me covered in your white load and wildly licking at it.
"Did I give you what you want?" you ask.
"Uh huh," I weakly nod.
"I want you to cum again with my cum still on you," you say as you lay down next to me.
I reach to my face and scoop some of your cum into my hand. I take it and rub it on my breasts and tummy and then lick my hand clean. I take my other hand, fill it, and then put it between my legs, rubbing your cum all over my pussy. I turn my head into your chest, and you rub my hair away from my sticky face. I start to rub my clit.
"I love your cum," I tell you.
"I know," you smile back at me as you roll my nipple between your fingers.
"Yeeees," I moan as I shut my eyes.
"You're my little cumslut," you tell me and I nod my head, rubbing my clit hard and fast.
"You love it when I shoot my load on your face and tits," you tell me and I nod my head, looking up at you with my big, brown eyes.
"You love making me cum so you can eat it," you tell me.
I nod my head this time crying out, "Yes, yes, YES, I love the way you TAAAAAAAASTE!!!" as another orgasm quickly rips through me. "Yes, yes," I mumble as I press into your chest.
You take your hand and lift my chin so I am looking up at you.
"Next time," you instruct, "I want to be in the room with you when you masturbate with that vibrator."
"I thought you didn't like me using them--and I thought you didn't like watching me masturbate," I tease back.
"I think I changed my mind," you reply with a grin.
I smile back and you say, "Now go clean yourself up, Slut. I'm going to check the score of the game."