My wife and I were driving home from the store the other day. It's hot out and I have already peeled my shirt off of my chest to relax and enjoy the air conditioning in the car. We are about half way home and we pull up to a stop light right before a bridge over some rail road tracks. We see a young lady at the stop light waiting to cross and continue walking towards the bridge. My wife turns to me and says I bet you would love to jack off in front of that girl there wouldn't you? I reply would do you mean? Come on she says we both know you are an exhibitionist and love to flash naked. You can't deny it. She of course is correct and yes I would love to jack off completely naked in this women's line of site. I just can't let my wife know I think about doing it every time I see a female. The light changes and we start on our way. She is dressed in short shorts and a nice tee shirt and looks incredibly hot as we pass by her. My wife encourages me and says go ahead and take your shorts off too and I'll go around the block and come back up on her. Maybe she will get a look at you as you stroke it.
We come back around and as we approach her my wife says pick your ass off of the seat and get your cock up where she can see it. Cum on the window if you can. We drive past the lady but alas she didn't see me as I stroked my dick for her on full display of the car windows. I stay naked and pulling on my dick and soon I'm cumming all over my belly. My wife says go ahead and clean that up and eat it. Too bad she couldn't have seen that, I'm sure she would have loved it.
Right then and there I determined that I was going to jack off for this lady to watch and that bridge was a perfect place for it. I made it a point to see if she walked that way every day. Sure enough she did just like clock work. I scoped out where I could walk up to the bridge and be seen only by her yet not threaten her. To my delight I could park my car close to rail road tracks and then walk up the hill under full cover of some trees. My car couldn't be seen and I get right up next to the sidewalk over the bridge. There was no need to get that close, I only wanted to be completely in her view, maybe within 20-30 feet or so from her. I decide tomorrow would be the day.
I got ready well early enough to get there and make sure everything would go as planned. I drove around and the coast was clear. I kept driving around looking for my lady. Sure enough she was on her way maybe a half a mile away. I hurried back to the area I was going to park my car and debated where do I take my clothes off? At the car or right where I do the show? I parked the car and decided that it was secluded enough for me to take my clothes off at the car.
Out of the car I jumped and stripped naked as fast as I could. My dick was rock hard. I locked my clothes in the car and made my way up the hill. I got up to about 20 feet from the sidewalk next to the road and could just barely see the top of trucks as they drove by. The hot sun and cooling breeze felt incredible on my skin for a number of reasons but mostly because I was completely naked right out in the open for anyone to see if they were around.
Shortly I could see her walking up the hill towards me. I played with myself licking up whatever was dripped out of my dick. Closer she came, maybe 100 feet away as I'm surely in full view of her. Suddenly she stops and stares at me. She obviously sees me as I keep stroking my cock. Here I am completely naked jacking off for her to watch in broad daylight. She looks mesmerized for a moment then walks further up the hill closer to me. As she gets closer I keep turning so I'm completely facing her she makes her way right up even with me.
She is about 20 feet from me when I begin cumming. I thrust my pelvis out towards her and catch my cum in my hand while she continues to walk but still looking as catch my load. She is now past me but stops, turns around looks intently as I lick the load of sperm off of my hand. I finish and she starts walking again. She keeps walking and every moment or two turns around to catch a glimpse of me. I walk down the hill and she disappears from my view as I get close to my car.
I make it all the way to my car and my head is swimming. What a rush as I fumble for the door and grab my clothes. I get dressed and hurriedly drive away trying to see if I could get one more look at her from the safety of my car. Alas she has already walked past where I could drive next to her.
I wonder if she liked the show or not?