Brianna-Leah Goes to a Party
As you may know Brianna-Leah is a bit of a spanko. She likes to be punished appropriately by being spanked across her lovely womanly derriere. She likes to get the strap or paddle across her bare bottom. At times even the cane. She knows it hurts a lot but she can't help it. Not at all. Sometimes she gets the long, wooden brush and it really stings. She has been whipped occasionally while tied to a whipping post in the nude. Sometimes she has had nipple clamps used on her. This is the life of a spanko.
Brianna-Leah sometimes admires her bottom and the welts and bruises it carries in the mirror. Her bottom always has marks on it. Bruises from getting the paddle hard or long welts and tramlines from the cane. Sometimes after an intense session she can't sit down at all which is fine because then she is usually on her knees servicing the man (or woman) who disciplined her.
She tries to get her new boyfriend to spank her but he never does. What he wants is to sodomize her deeply. She would like to try it but she is afraid it will hurt her. In retaliation she tells her boyfriend she wants to have sex with other men which doesn't please him at all. He devises a plan to teach her a lesson. He has many friends and plans a party at their home but it will be a special party. Very special indeed. He sells tickets to his party to only male friends who are all robust young lads in their 30s. There are certain prizes they will get for the $100 tickets.


He sells 20 tickets only. Out of the 20 everybody gets something but one ticket holder gets a special prize. When the party night arrives they all assemble in the large recreation room. In the middle is a stout post anchored floor and ceiling.
Brianna-Leah is called by her husband when all are assembled. She serves them all beer in her little French maid's outfit and when that is done she is grabbed by hubby and a helper. They tie her at the wrists to a hook at the top of the post which is going to be the whipping post she is told. She is methodically stripped to her panties in front of all the twenty quests and a belt is fastened around her waist to hold it tight to the post. Nipple clamps are put on each nipple by one guest. Brianna-Leah has glorious, full breasts and the guests stare, marvelling at them. The areola region is large with a deep red hue. She has never been pregnant so her breasts are still very firm and shapely. As she moves they gently quiver. Every man in the room wishes his girlfriend had breasts like hers.
Now her boyfriend tells her of his special plan. She will remain tied to the whipping post for much of the night. As she is such a BDSM loving Spanko she will be punished in turn by everyone of the party guests. But in turn for providing her with her needs he tells her she will be sodomized by him afterwards but while she is still tied to the post.

She is told each of the party attendees is going to administer 10 strokes of the cane to her derriere. She gasps loudly. She pleads to be untied and let go. She has never been caned or spanked that hard before. But of course her plea falls on deaf ears. Then it begins. The first of 20 (times 10 is 200) strokes of the cane is given. The sting across her bottom is awful and she screams. They watch, fascinated, as her beautiful baby making hips writhe under the punishment. She tries to move away from the whipping post to avoid the cane but is prevented by the belt.
Soon her mascara is streaming down her cheeks as her buttocks are ravaged by each of the guests. Some lads wield the cane expertly. They bring it down hard across her shapely bottom and develop a perfect cadence so just as her sting subsides the next stroke is given causing a loud yelp. Some lads are less certain and tentative in delivering the stroke until the assembled quests egg them on to work Brianna-Leah harder. 100 strokes and Brianna-Leah's bottom is a mass of welts and tramlines.
100 to go as she screams with each stroke of the cane now and sobs pitifully. It is more pain than she can stand and she wants to beg to be let go. But she doesn't. Instead she moans. Louder as the number of strokes gets higher. Most of the guests help Brianna along as they take their turn. The strokes are administered then he reaches down between her legs and fingers enter her vulva and massage her clitoris. She moans a sultry, sexy moan of pure desire. "Oh God please give it to me", she hears herself say.
Finally the last stroke lands and some of the guests take pictures of her ravaged, striped bottom. It is truly a work of art. Nice red welts cover her bottom. Now the guest who got the best prize has his turn. He gets to administer 50 strokes of the wooden paddle across her welted buttocks. The paddle is 24 inches long with a 16 blade (and 6 inches wide) that administers the punishment. He starts and a loud smack echos through the room as the paddle gives its terrible caress. Another and she screams long and loud. Tears stream down her cheeks. The guests cheer in unison. Amid the scene of general inebriation stands a man now devoted to his arduous task -- the disciplining of Brianna-Leah.
20 strokes and she passes out from the pain. Smelling salts rouse her and the paddle continues its malevolent work. The paddle makes a beautiful noise as it smacks her buttocks hard.The paddle turns red as the welts, some of which will be permanent, begin to weep. Now the last 10 are given and she falters again but the salts rouse her once more. And now her corporal punishment is over. The poor girl has received her due and paid the price. She then says "THANK YOU, kind Sirs." The assembled crowd erupts in cheering with most of them saying "You are most welcome Brianna-Leah".
Before another prize is yet to be seized her hubby takes his beer bottle and lets his girl drink long and fully from it. Oh the taste of cold beer after a whipping and a paddling, what could be better? While she is still tied to the whipping post her hubby is to be the first to sodomize Brianna-Leah's gorgeous ass.


Her hubby reaches between her legs and lubricates her vagina and then her rear entry. He is nude from the waste down. He takes his position behind her after she is well lubricated. Now after getting her spanking she is going to have to give what she never wanted to before. But first he enters her vagina to make himself hard as possible. Oh the moans as she is filled. Deep sensuous moans. "Give it to me" she says. Then out he comes.
Hubby firmly pushes his glans into her rear entry, firmly, slowly his large member rends her open and she screams anew, a blood curdling scream, for she is not used to that penetration. She has been widely opened. Hubby is after all 8 inches of thick manhood. Brianna sobs for a few minutes but eventually she begins to moan as pleasure over takes her pain. All watch in wonder as she is taken from behind. He holds her breasts firmly as he strokes inside her.
As he gets closer to orgasm a regular slap, slap, slap comes from his groin connecting with her sore bottom. Finally his motion stops as he cums deep inside Brianna. Her first taste of anal intercourse is now over. It really hurt at first but slowly she learned to relax and take it.
But, BUT. The night is not over. Now Brianna-Leah gets the men she wanted. She is released from the whipping post where she suffered so much and tied face down to a bench so they can access her vaginally or anally from that end and orally from the other. The night is not over until she has had each guest cum twice in her. And so for that night at least she personifies the term "walking sperm bank"!


Would this night cure her of needing corporal punishment and wanting other men for sex??? I don't really think so but maybe. Stay tuned and we'll see.