I found an editor or I should say an editor found me and did a wonderful job editing this chapter. I want to sincerely thank BffseOhio for editing this chapter.
~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~
Each chapter of this story builds on the previous chapter and lays the groundwork for future chapters. If this is the first chapter of The Morrisons you've encountered then I suggest you go back and read the previous chapters first so you will understand the characters actions in this chapter.
Terri enters into her new job and lifestyle with confidence and poise. Terri makes a decision that will change her life forever and wants Dan Morrison to help her. What used to be a family of three is now a very happy family of four! Sounds interesting? ...... Then enjoy this chapter!
~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~
I appreciate hearing from the readers of my stories and I want to thank all those who took time to send me an email. I try to answer all the emails I receive and I really appreciate all your kind comments. Please realize I can't answer those readers who send me comments anonymously.
~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~
For the record: All characters in this story are legal aged!
~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~
It was still early so I suggested we head for the hot tub. I asked, "Would anyone like some more brandy or a glass of wine?" Everyone chose a bit more of the brandy so while Kim, Jenna and Terri headed out to the hot tub, I stayed behind and poured four double jiggers of brandy which is approximately three ounces in each glass.
When I walked out on the deck with the tray of brandy I noticed there was a space between Terri and Jenna. While I handed out the brandy Terri spoke up saying, "We talked it over when you weren't here and all of us decided to save a place for you right between Jenna and me."
I slipped between my two daughters and held up my glass and the other followed as I proposed a toast saying, "Well, here's to our complete family of husband, wife and two daughters. May we love each other as long as we live and may we live a very long time!" There was a loud roar of "CHEERS!" from everyone in the hot tub then each of us took a sip of our brandy.
Jenna leaned forward and looked at Terri and said, "Welcome to the family. You are the sister I've always wanted. We are going to have so much fun together."
"Thanks mom and dad for giving me the best present of all, a sister I can love and hang out with." Jenna said as she looked between me and Kim.
We relaxed in the hot tub for half an hour or so and then I said I wanted to make a few phone calls before it got too late. After I got out of the hot tub and dried off, I started to walk away when I looked over my shoulder and saw that the three ladies had moved closer together. As I was walking into the house I heard Jenna say, "We're going to miss you dad!" Then all three of them started giggling.
I had a couple for acquaintances from another town I trusted and I wanted to get their advice on how to proceed with the embarrassment and humiliation of Harold, Bill and Pete. I called each one and we joined in a conference call so we could brainstorm. I explained what I had in mind for all three of them but I cautioned that all three guys would have to be willing participants at least at first because I didn't want them to claim they were kidnapped. I insisted we needed to have all three of them sign a waiver stating they agree to any proceedings that might happen.
For starters I tossed out some ideas, then asked if either of them knew someone who does Brazilian waxing who would sign a confidentially statement then use his or her skills to take care of business. I told the guys I would pay for the costs involved and the finale would be when Harold, Bill and Pete were dropped off on the side of a semi busy highway where someone would see them and call police.
By the time I finished my phone call the lights had been turned off so I checked the doors and made sure they were locked then headed up stairs. As I passed Jenna's room the door was wide open and I saw both Jenna and Terri completely naked in the middle of the bed holding the ankle of each other's leg pulling themselves tighter against each other while they were tribing and moaning in complete ecstasy. I stopped for a moment and watched them for a few moments before saying, "Have a great night girls, I love both of you!"
I walked down to my bedroom and found Kim lying on our bed with her legs spread wide and her small vibe massaging her clit. I walked into the room and said, "I see you started without me."
Kim looked up and said, "I'm only using my small vibe so I can warm it up for you. I need that big hard cock of yours in my pussy, right now!"
I ignored Kim's request and dove face first into the lovely spread open slit Kim presented me. My tongue sought out her tasty juices while I tongue fucked her tight pussy before I slowly moved my tongue up between her labia to the firm little button at the top of her pussy. I licked her clit a few times and got Kim's hips moving. A few more tongue fucks to her slippery slit and then I attacked her clit with a barrage of licks and nibbles. Finally, to drive Kim over the edge, I caught her clit between my front teeth and held it gently and manipulated it with my tongue as she began to buck and scream. I was pleased with myself giving Kim back to back to back orgasms before I released her clit and moved up her body to capture her right nipple between my lips.
Kim reached between us and said, "Now you fucker, I want that cock in my cunt and I WANT IT NOW!"
No sooner did my cock sink into Kim's juicy tight pussy I felt weight on my back with a warm pussy pressed tight against my ass cheeks. I looked over my shoulder to see Terri sitting on me rubbing her wet pussy back and forth. Jenna slid next to me and captured Kim's left nipple in her mouth and stated sucking on it. Both of them were smiling as Terri said, "Mommy we heard you screaming all the way down the hall so we came to help you."
Kim smiled and said, "I'm glad both of you are here now. We need to render this man totally useless before the night is over. Are you girls willing to help your momma?"
Suddenly I realized my life had taken a drastic change forever. From now on I was going to be out voted in my own home. But with my cock buried deep in one pussy another pussy grinding into my back and a third pussy at my disposal off to my right, I quickly determined how lucky I really was. I leaned down and kissed Kim then turned my face and kissed Jenna and looked over my shoulder at Terri and said, "Babe, I owe you a kiss."
Terri finally slid off my back and down on Kim's right side. She leaned in and kissed me then captured Kim's right nipple. Now Kim was in seventh heaven with both girls sucking her nipples and her husband pumping her pussy full of hard cock. Soon Kim was headed for another orgasm and begged me to cum with her. I reached back and brought Kim's legs up and put them on my shoulders so her pussy was totally vulnerable to the assault of my cock. I felt Kim's pussy muscles squeeze my cock as I tried to pull it out and then she relaxed the muscles as I pushed my cock back into her. Squeezing my cock was more than I could handle and soon I looked down into Kim's smiling face and said in something less than a calm voice, "I'm gonna cum real soon!"
Kim smiled at me and said, "Fill me with your cum baby I'm almost there."
Jenna spoke up saying, "Fuck her daddy, fill her with your cum and make her scream again!"
As if there was an echo in the room suddenly Terri said, "Fuck her daddy, fill her with your cum and make her scream again!"
I looked to my right then to my left and finally down at Kim and all four of us cracked up laughing as I continued to pump into Kim delicious pussy. While I was laughing cum shot out of my cock each time I pumped. It was the funniest fuck I've ever encountered. Once both of us had finished our orgasms I moved backwards and allowed my cock to pop out of Kim's pussy and I released her legs. I sat at the end of the bed and looked up at the wonderful view of three lovely bald spread open pussies. They were so beautiful that I could have lain there all night enjoying the view.
But all good things have to come to an end and I started to doze off lying across the end of the bed while watching Kim, Jenna and Terri continue playing. About an hour later they woke me up telling me it was time to go to bed. I looked up and asked, "What did I miss?"
All three females smiled at me as Jenna said, "You'll never know because you fell asleep on us."
The next morning was a repeat of the morning before when Terri was already in the kitchen with the coffee hot and the paper laying on the counter. I ordered breakfast for both Kim and I and Terri being the efficient person that she is had everything ready by the time Kim wandered down the stairs into the kitchen. However Jenna came down shortly after Kim so all three of us ate breakfast together.
Kim and I left for work together and on the way to work Kim said to me, "Thank you so much, Dan, for giving me a second daughter to love."
I tried to claim that I didn't do anything but Kim kept saying that I was the one who said we should give Terri a chance. So I accepted the thank you and said, "I'm so happy that she is in our lives also. She seems like she is enjoying herself and she seems to fit right into our relationship."
I dropped Kim off at her office building then drove over to my office. When I arrived at work I told my secretary I was expecting a couple of phone calls which I wanted to include in a conference call at one o'clock. I told her while I was busy with the call I didn't want to be bothered unless the boss stopped by and needed to talk to me.
Both of my acquaintances called right at one o'clock and things worked out even better than we originally thought. We talked for the better part of an hour and finished up most of the plans with only a few minor details to complete. Both seemed to be optimistic that everything would work out great and I would be able to achieve my goal of totally embarrassing and humiliating Harold, Bill and Pete.
During dinner that night I explained to Kim, Terri and Jenna that my plan was coming together nicely and when Ted arrived I would run some of the plans past him to see what he thought. Once again we had just finished dinner when the door bell rang. Terri immediately stood up and said, "I'll get the door."
While Terri was away answering the door Kim and Jenna cleaned off the table and brought back the cups, plates, coffee and the fresh apple pie Terri had baked during the day. They were serving the apple pie when Terri returned with Ted and another naked lady. Ted looked at all of us and said, "I'd like to introduce you to my wife, Marion. She will be helping me with the new project so I told her about your lifestyle. At first she didn't believe me so I offered her a chance to come with me tonight but warned her she would have to be nude once we arrived."
Jenna was the first to walk over to Marion and step right up and press her naked body against her saying, "It's great to meet you. My name is Jenna, I'm their daughter."
When Jenna stepped back Kim was right there waiting her turn to hug Marion as well. Ted stood to their side and watched the two wives hug before saying, "See honey, I told you all the members of this family are really wonderful people."
I reached out my hand to shake hands with Marion and noticed she immediately looked down at my cock as she extended her hand to take mine. I sized her up to be about 5'6" and she had dirty blonde hair. I also took note of her "C" sized tits and when she stepped back after our hand shake I noticed she only had a very small tuff of blonde hair above her pussy but her slit was completely bald.
I asked Terri to take care of the confidentiality statement. As Terri was getting ready to leave the room Ted asked if she could prepare one for Marion to. Terri smiled and left the room. When she returned she had both statements and while Kim, Terri and I signed our statement for Marion she signed the one for us. Terri disappeared into the other room and when she returned she handed Marion her copies of both statements.
Kim came back with an additional cup and plate and all of us sat down around the table to enjoy some coffee and fresh apple pie and conduct the business that needed to be done. Ted presented me with the contract for the security gate and said that crane prices change so he couldn't nail down a crane owner for a solid price. Ted explained that he called a couple of heavy duty wrecker companies and talked to them. He told me a large wrecker that picks up tractor trailers would do the job to lift a pillar into place. Ted said with that change alone, it saves a lot of money because he said cranes are so expensive. He also told me he can call a wrecker and have them on the job site within a half an hour where with a crane he would have to schedule one at least a week in advance.
Kim got up and walked over behind me and looked at the contract over my shoulder. She asked, "Is everything in order?"
I'm a fast reader so I took a few minutes to read the complete contract. When I finished I looked at Kim saying, "Everything that we talked about last night is here, I believe we should sign it and make it official."
Terri stood up and retrieved a pen and handed it to me. I signed the contract and then pushed it over to Kim and had her sign it as well. Once we signed the contract I handed it to Terri and asked her to make a copy of it for our records. A few minutes later Terri returned with Ted's original contract and handed it to him.
Kim looked at Ted and said, "If there is any chance that you can hurry up the process I would appreciate it."
Ted said, "I've already started ordering what I will need. Marion will be helping me by setting up the monitors in the den and will be wiring them while I am working with my crew down at the end of the driveway. I brought Marion with me tonight because I wanted to introduce her to all of you so she won't be shy when it comes time for her to work here. She told me on the way out here that she was nervous as hell about taking off her clothes. I told her the males would be outnumbered by the females tonight so she had little to worry about. So if you can make her feel comfortable and explain your lifestyle to her, I would appreciate it."
Marion quietly spoke up saying, "Ted tells me there's no wild sex parties here that all of you live here totally naked together."
Kim spoke up saying, "Well Marion, Ted is almost right. He is right when he said we don't have wild sex parties or orgies. However since Ted hasn't been here all the time he hasn't witnessed us enjoying sex. Like the people who wear textiles, we also enjoy sex and like anyone else we love to make love in places other than in the bedroom. So we have been known to make love on the deck, in the pool or in the hot tub. Therefore, when you are working here, it will be entirely possible for you to see someone making love. Our family policy is no one should be forced or coerced to have sex and as long as two or more persons are consenting to have sex or make love then they should enjoy themselves."
"We have also told our employees we understand being nude is a new experience to them therefore they may become sexually stimulated. We told everyone so far it would be ok if they needed relief to enjoy themselves as long as no one is forced to do anything against their will." Kim said.
"We want the security gate put in so we can live our lifestyle and not worry about John or Jane Q. Public driving up our driveway and then making a complaint about seeing us or any of our employees naked." Kim finished saying.
"So Ted was right when he said that all the employees here will be naked while they are working?" Marion asked.
"Yes Marion, everyone will be completely nude when they are here working. That is unless a female has her period, then she may elect to wear panties and we will understand." Terri spoke up with a clear business like tone.
Terri continued saying, "We also encourage everyone to look at each other so the mystery of looking at someone's naked body will be satisfied sooner. That way we can all work side by side and not be bothered quite as much."
Marion said, "I understand what you mean. I don't always get fully dressed at home because I am comfortable in just my tee-shirt and nothing else. This is the first time that I've been totally naked in front of people I don't know. I can get used to it if I just think about being at home."
Ted seemed to be impatient and wanted to get to the other topic we agreed to discuss tonight. He asked, "Dan what have you found out about our little problem we're working on?"
I smiled and started with, "Is Marion up to speed on this?"
Ted looked at Marion and Marion looked at everyone else in the room and said, "Only bits and pieces and the pieces I've heard disgusts me. I hope you hang the son of a bitch up by his balls."
Taken aback by Marion's outburst I looked at Ted and said, "Well under those circumstances I will tell you that we have a cattle auction barn in which our three participants will be invited to a party. We want them to willingly attend our party and sign a waiver stating they are willing to submit to anything that happens during the evening. Anything you hear tonight is in the strictest of confidence and not a word of this is to be spoken outside of these walls for any reason. Is everyone in agreement?"
"I agree!" Everyone in the room shouted.
I started saying, "As you may know I said I wanted Harold, Bill and Pete to be completely and totally embarrassed and humiliated for what they've done to our Terri. I feel we should go back to the good book and have and eye for an eye type punishment for them. The couple of people whom I've talked to know enough people to make that happen and what's even better the three guys will be willing participants, at least at first."
"We have made arrangements for a professional who does Brazilian waxes to be there. The best part is, she knows Bill and thinks he's a sleazebag so she is going to take extra special delight in this job. By the end of their evening all three scumbags will be devoid of ANY hair on their bodies including their heads and eyebrows. We have made arrangement for some muscle men to be present in case one of the three chosen males becomes unruly. We have also secured for the evening a doctor's examination table with stirrups so no part of their bodies will go untouched. All three will be like overgrown cue balls when we are done with them. The auction barn has bleachers which will remain darkened so the persons down in the pit won't be able to see anyone. That being said, we want them to know there are people watching them being waxed so we are going to be encouraging cheering." I said with a huge smile on my face.
Smiling at everyone in the room I finished by saying, "After all three men have spent the evening with us they will be taken by car to a fairly busy highway and dropped off completely naked. Their clothes will be deposited at their respective businesses sometime within the next few days after their wonderful evening. It is our hope that local newspaper will be called by an anonymous source before the local police are called. We wouldn't want the newspaper to miss such an important story about three local businessmen. Also we wouldn't want the three to claim they were forced to do anything against their will, so a copy of their waiver will be sent anonymously to the local newspaper."
I looked between Terri, Kim and Jenna noticed each of them was sitting in their seat with a look of shock and disbelief on their faces.
"I'm usually not a vindictive person but I am making an exception in this case." I said with conviction in my voice.
Ted looked at me and said, "HOLY SHIT! That's better than I thought it was going to be. I have some friends who hate people who take advantage of other people. I was wondering how you were going to get them to willingly attend their debasing. I am sure I can get someone with a zoom lens on their camera to take some very clear pictures on the edge of the road which will end up as evidence of indecent exposure."
Looking around I said, "I'm sure all of us want to show our support for Terri and be there when the guys are waxed so she can appreciate their embarrassment and humiliation." I added.
Ted added, "If that guy Jeff can come up with some pictures for me so I can get a search warrant to search both the store and Harold's house, maybe we can get the judge to deny bail for them and we'll have all three of them right where they belong, behind bars."
Jenna spoke saying, "Dad I think we should tap into that good stuff you have in the liquor cabinet and toast the plans while we soak in the hot tub."
I looked around at my family and then at Ted and Marion before saying, "Would you two like to join us for a toast in the hot tub?"
Ted looked at Marion and Marion looked at all of us before asking, "Will there be any sex in the hot tub?"
Jenna spoke up saying, "One never knows what's going to happen in the hot tub, the pool or the deck. One thing for sure is there won't be any sex unless two or more agree to participate."
Marion looked at Ted and said, "Oh my, Ted, I've never been any place where someone has had sex in front of me, I don't know if I want to take the chance right now."
Marion looked at all of us saying, "I think we will take a rain check on the hot tub for tonight but if the invitation remains open after I get used to being around all of you naked people, then I'd like to try it."
I spoke up saying, "Marion at least you took the first step and sat naked with us tonight. We have told you that no one is ever forced to do something they don't want to do so the hot tub invitation will remain open and when you're ready, let us know and we would love to share a hot tub experience with you."
As Marion stood up she smiled at me saying, "Thank you for being so understanding and now I understand what Ted said when he told me I didn't have to worry about any of you taking advantage of me."
All of us stood and walked with Ted and Marion to the foyer and stood there watching them as they dressed. Marion had only worn a button up the front sun dress with nothing under it and Ted only wore tee-shirt and shorts. Once they were dressed they said good bye and walked out the door.
For the second night in a row I suggested we head for the hot tub because it was still early in the evening. I asked, "Would anyone like some brandy or a glass of wine?" Everyone choose a bit of the brandy so I told them to head out to the hot tub and I would be along shortly with the brandy.
Once again when I walked out on the deck I noticed there was a space between Terri and Jenna and while I handed out the brandy Terri spoke up again saying, "We decided to save a place for you right between Jenna and me."
I slipped between my two daughters and said, "Well, for the second night in a row we are going to toast to our complete family of husband, wife and two daughters. May we love each other as long as we live and may be live a very long time!" There was a loud roar of "CHEERS!" from everyone in the hot tub then each of us took a sip of our brandy.
We relaxed in the hot tub for the better part of an hour. Everyone enjoyed their brandy while under the water, hands were busy. Terri was slowly stroking my cock and I had the middle finger of each hand stroking the clit of Jenna on one side and Terri on the other. Jenna was stroking her mother's clit as we casually talked. Suddenly Jenna got a wicked smile on her face and said, "I think this calls for a fuck fest in your bedroom tonight, to celebrate the plan to demise those three goons!"
I looked at Jenna saying, "We can go to our bedroom but the fuck fest, as you called it, will be limited only to those of us who are willing to participate."
I saw Terri smile at me and when I looked at Kim she was smiling from ear to ear before she said with a wink towards Terri, "I know what to do if there's someone amongst us who isn't ready to join the fuck fest yet."
Jenna smiled saying, "Yeah that's what I meant. I wouldn't mind tribing with a really hot sexy chick like Terri. My pussy is all wet just thinking about it."
Jenna's response brought a round of laughs and giggles from everyone in the hot tub. I watched Jenna wink at Terri then lean back to take a sip of her brandy.
We sat in the hot tub sipping our brandy and sharing the events of the day and our thoughts. We were bonding as a family with everyone having something to share with each other. There were no boundaries between parent/children or employer/employee. We said what was on our minds without giving thought to any repercussion. We even shared sensitive information about ourselves, between each other with ease. Our conversation flowed so naturally an outsider would have thought we'd been together all our lives.
Terri's hand slightly picked up tempo stroking my cock under the water. She used her thumb to rub the sensitive rim of my cock head causing small electrical type shocks to surge through my cock and making it jump. Jenna reached into my lap and gripped the base of my cock then she leaned forward and looked at Terri and I looked from one to the other and saw my two daughters smiling at each other. I tried to relax but the stimulation they were giving my cock was too much to tolerate and my hips involuntarily started moving in rhythm to their manipulations.
I heard a soft voice off to my right say, "Daddy Dan, will you take me to your bedroom, spread my legs wide and lick my pussy until I scream in pleasure? Then I want you to fuck me with my new sister Jenna and mommy Kim there to hold my hands as I lose my virginity with you. I love all of you and daddy Dan I want you to be my first love." Terri asked.
Suddenly there was wild splashing in the hot tub as both Kim and Jenna moved at the same time to embrace Terri and all three of them cried together. I watched them as they hugged and cried even though I was very touched by Terri's request I never understood why women cry in situations like this. As a male I would think this would be a happy moment for all three of the females sharing the hot tub with me. In my mind, we should all be jubilant, sharing happiness and joy.
After a few minutes of euphoria shared between the three of them, Kim looked at me saying, "Dan I think we need to get out of here and go up to our room. All of us can take a quick shower in our bathroom before we go to bed."
The three of them stood up and stepped out of the tub and headed towards the house leaving me to cover the hot tub. I watched as the three of them walked through the sliding glass doors arm in arm. I moved quickly to get everything done then walked into the house and locked the doors before heading upstairs. When I got to my bedroom I could hear the shower running and their giggles and squeals of joy. My cock led the way through the bathroom door where I was greeted with the lovely view of water cascading over the bodies of three naked nymphs. They all turned and extended their arms towards me, welcoming me to their sides. As if in a trance I stepped across the room only to be pulled gently under the water surrounded by lovely naked bodies. Six hands captured my body and washed it completely. Once I was rinsed off we stepped out of the shower and towels were passed around and each of us dried the person next to us.
We hugged each other close as we walked out of the bathroom and into the sanctity of our master bedroom. The three females broke loose and walked ahead of me, with Terri sandwiched between Kim and Jenna, toward our king sized bed. The next moves of all three females were synchronized as if they had rehearsed their routine before this moment. Each of them climbed onto the end of the bed then crawled up its length before rolling over onto their backs and spreading their legs wide so I could see all three lovely bald pussies. Kim placed the folded towel under Terri's ass. I watched while standing at the end of the bed with my tongue hanging out like an old horn dog, I took my time to enjoy the exceptionally lovely view which was presented to me. My heart started pounding and for a brief second I felt light headed when the reality struck me that all three of these lovely ladies were willing to share me. I couldn't believe what a privilege it was for me to be standing here enjoying this superb view.
Finally the silence was broken when Kim said, "Daddy Dan, I think there is someone waiting for you to make her feel the best she's ever felt. I know you don't need any help because you are an exceptional caring lover but while you are busy south of the border I think Jenna and I will assist you with these lovely small full moons."
I started to crawl up from the end of the bed and suddenly Kim and Jenna leaned in from each side and captured a tiny nipple with the light pink areola nearest them between their lips. I watched briefly as they pulled on the nipple with their lips before licking it with their tongues. I looked down at the perfect present spread before me and I knew immediately that I needed to exceed my best performance. I worked my way into position between Terri's legs and lightly kissed the inside of Terri's thighs near her beautiful pussy then I tenderly kissed her spread open pussy in several places before I moved to her exposed clit.
Terri responded immediately by moving her hips trying to get my lips to touch her clit again but I restrained my actions by only giving her feathery light kisses on her clit. I knew I was driving her wild when she bucked her hips upward and moaned loudly. I took my time before I finally stuck out my tongue and gently licked her clit a couple of times causing Terri to moan loudly again before she begged, "Please daddy, please make me cum, I can't stand being teased like you're doing to me!"
For some reason I couldn't bring myself to honor Terri's request because to me she didn't sound like she was at the edge of rationality and ecstasy. I continued to brush her clit with the wet tip of my tongue which I knew was sending waves of pleasure through her body. When Terri really started bucking her hips I relented and attacked her clit with the precision of a well executed plan. I licked her inner labia before finally moving in for the final attack where I sucked Terri's clit into my mouth and gently captured it between my teeth and held onto it while I licked it with my tongue. This sent Terri over the edge causing her to buck wildly as one orgasm after another wreaked havoc on her body. After a few moments Terri tried desperately to push my face away from her sexually stimulated pussy which was freely flowing with female juices. Terri was just starting to moan loudly again when suddenly I thought someone had turned on the garden hose. Terri started to squirt her female juices as she quivered beneath my attack on her clit. I continued for at least another minute or so even after Terri begged me to stop because her clit was so sensitive. When I let go of her clit, I moved down just a little and inserted my tongue into her hot juicy pussy so I could taste her female juices. I remained between Terri's creamy thighs and tongue fucked her sweet, velvety, hot and soaking wet pussy as she calmed down from her last orgasm.
"OH MY GOD!" Terri exclaimed. "I can't believe how good my body feels right now. Tingly feelings are traveling through my whole body and I'm lightheaded from the stimulation all of you have bestowed upon my body."
I got up on all fours and moved up and looked into Terri's eyes and asked, "Do you want to taste yourself? You have the sweetest tasting pussy and some of your juices are all over my face."
Terri reached up and put both hands behind my neck and pulled my face down to hers. Timidly she stuck out her tongue and licked around my lips. Then she licked more aggressively until Terri finally said, "Daddy Dan, it's time for you to make me a complete woman. I want you to bury your stiff cock deep in my pussy and take my virginity. I want you to be my very first lover. Please fuck me, now."
Looking down I reached for Terri's legs and brought them up so she could look down her body and see my cock enter her virgin pussy. Terri put her hands out to each side for Kim and Jenna. Each one held one of Terri's hands as I moved into position and rested my cock at the entrance of Terri's lovely bald pussy. I looked up at Terri and asked her, "Are you absolutely sure you want me to take your virginity?"
Terri looked to her right at Kim and then to her left at Jenna and then up at me and paused. In a tiny voice almost a whisper she said, "I love you, I love Kim and I love Jenna. I trust all three of you."
With tears forming in her eyes Terri said, "ALL OF YOU have shown me true family love like I used to know before the accident that claimed my parents. I've not made this decision lightly so yes, daddy Dan I want to give you the gift of my virginity for everything all of you have done for me."
Both Kim and Jenna had tears in their eyes again as I pushed forward slowly giving Terri plenty of opportunities to say stop. Finally the head of my cock pushed against the barrier of Terri's hymen and I stopped. Looking into Terri's eyes I said, "That's your hymen my cock is pushing on. Terry I don't want you to feel compelled to give me your virginity because we have been nice to you. I will only push further if you convince me that you truly want me to be your first lover because you want me to be. Do you understand what I mean?"
Terri looked up at me and said, "Yes daddy, please, I love you and I want you to make love to me and make me a woman. My pussy is yours for the taking and I'm begging you to make me yours."
I looked at Kim and then at Jenna and both of them nodded their heads in approval. I watched out of the corner of my eyes as Terri tightened her grip on Kim and Jenna's hands in anticipation of what was to come. I looked back at Terri and said, "I love you to Terri." As I said that I leaned forward stretching her hymen to its limits until it broke allowing my cock to move forward a bit further. Terri's face wrinkled and she held her breath until the pain of her breaking hymen subsided. Terri didn't make a noise or even whimper when her hymen broke. I stayed where I was as I watched the pain on Terri's face come and go. Then very slowly I moved deeper into her until she had my cock completely buried inside her tight pussy. She smiled up at me and then looked down between us saying, "Daddy, do I have all your cock in my pussy?"
I smiled at Terri saying, "Yes baby girl, you are a woman now, daddy broke your cherry for you. I hope it wasn't too painful for you."
Kim and Jenna took turns kissing Terri before I was allowed to lean down and engage in a very passionate kiss with her. Our kiss was the most passionate kiss I had experienced in a while. Terri seemed to put her whole being into this first kiss after giving me such a precious gift, one that I will cherish for the rest of my life. We took several chances to say I love you to each other as we broke lip contact briefly.
When we broke our kiss I looked down at Terri and asked, "Do you want to control your first lovemaking?"
Terri smiled a knowing smile so I reached under her and hugged her to me then sat up on my knees bringing her up with me and my cock still buried deep inside her. I turned us around and then I laid back bringing Terri with me so she was sitting on top of my cock. Terri smiled at me saying, "Daddy, I knew you would be the one to take my virginity and I'm so happy that you agreed to do it for me. Now I'm going to ride your hard cock and keep it buried deep inside my pussy until you cum."
I looked at Terri asking, "Honey, when was your last period? I don't want to cum inside you if you are at your fertile time of month."
Terri responded saying, "I'm not due for my period for awhile. My last one ended the day before I came out here for the interview. So right now I am good but I would still use the bidet immediately after sex so I can be absolutely sure."
Terri started to slowly move up and down enjoying the first cock to enter her pussy. I laid back and enjoyed the sensations of Terri's tight virginal pussy milking my cock as she moved up and down it. The only bad part of being inside a tight pussy is the stimulation will cause a male to come quickly. I told Terri she needed to work on her orgasm and suddenly Jenna pushed a finger between us and found Terri's clit and started rubbing it. Terri picked up speed and pumped up and down on my cock. I felt my cum start to move and I warned Terri I was going to cum soon. Terri was gasping as she bounced on my cock saying, "I'm almost there to go ahead and fill my virgin pussy with its first load of cum."
Suddenly I felt the first drops of cum at the end of my cock so I reached up and grasped Terri's hips and helped her pump up and down on my cock. I groaned and shot my load deep inside Terri while she screamed in ecstasy as her body shook violently as her orgasm gripped her. With my hands on her hips I held her tight against my bald pubic area while Terri spasmodically ground her clit against my pubic bone as her orgasm subsided.
When our orgasms subsided completely Terri leaned forward to lie on my stomach without allowing my cock out of her pussy. She kissed me all over my face and kept whispering I love you. Jenna and Kim leaned in from the sides and we joined in the four-way kiss then each of us stuck out our tongues and joined together to duel three other tongues. "I love you" could be heard floating between all four of us, to each other.
After a while we decided that it was getting late so Kim and Jenna took Terri into the bathroom to get her cleaned up. I watched three luscious asses walk into the bathroom and I followed shortly afterwards with the towel that have been under Terri. Once I threw the towel in the hamper I walked over to the toilet next to the bidet and lifted the lid before I started to piss. Terri was using the bidet with Kim's help and advice and when I started pissing Terri looked over and watched until I finished without saying a word. I smiled at Terri and said, "Around this house there really isn't much privacy so you do what you have to do, when you have to do it."
After I finished, Jenna took my hand and led me over to the sink and pulled out a wash cloth and after wetting and soaping it she dropped to her knees and started to wash my cock. Once I was washed and rinsed off Jenna took care to make sure I was completely dry. When she was finished she stood up and said, "I love you daddy and I always will."
Looking into Jenna's eyes I said, "I know it baby, I will always love you to."
We were soon joined at the sink by Kim and Terri and this time it was Kim who pulled out a wash cloth and wet and soaped it up and got down on her knees and washed Terri's freshly fucked pussy. Jenna and I watched as Kim had Terri spread her legs and took care to be gentle as she used the wash cloth to clean Terri completely. Once she was clean and rinsed Kim dried her with a towel before she stood up and hugged Terri to her body and said, "I love you Terri, you may never know how much, but I love you."
With tears forming in her eyes Terri responded, "Momma I love you to. I love you so much. Thank you for everything you've done for me."
Kim turned to me and asked, "Darling do you think all four of us will fit in that bed tonight?"
Smiling I said, "There is only one way to find out but who are we going to put in the middle?"
Both girls giggled like school girls before Terri said, "Daddy, you know you always have to put the innocent little girls in the middle."
I scoffed and asked, "Innocent? Where are the innocent little girls?"
Suddenly I was hugged from each side and there was a chorus from both sides saying, "Here I am daddy!"
Kim laughed along with me and Kim said, "Come along you innocent little girls, it's time for bed."
All four of us walked over to the bed and with me on one side and Kim on the other we pulled the blanket and sheet down as our bed was invaded by to giggling joy filled girls. They crawled to the middle and Kim and I got into the bed from each side. I reached above my head and dimmed the light until it barely shone then said, "Good night family." Again a chorus rang out of good night before everyone settled down.
The next morning I felt the bed move and looked up to see Terri slipping out of bed. I watched through half closed eyes as her beautiful naked body disappeared out of our bedroom door. I looked at the clock and it was still a half an hour before the alarm would sound so I rolled over and drifted back to sleep. All too soon the alarm sounded and I reached over and flipped the switch to off then looked across Jenna's body to see Kim sleeping. Reaching across Jenna I tapped Kim on the shoulder and when she lifted her head up I said, "Good morning honey, it's that time again."
After taking a few minutes to wake up both of us rolled out of bed and stumbled together into the bathroom to take care of our morning duties and get ready for work leaving Jenna sleeping in our bed. Standing under the shower and enjoying the hot water cascading down our bodies Kim hugged me and said, "I'm the happiest woman in the world."
I looked down at her saying, "I know what you mean darling. I am so overwhelmed by everything I just never expected to happen. I am the proudest man in the world to have two young females calling me daddy."
"That's because you are the most paramount daddy in the world!" Jenna said as she walked towards our shower.
Kim and I both opened our arms to Jenna as she stepped under the water with us and we enjoyed a three way hug. When the hug ended Jenna looked at both of us before saying, "I really do want to thank you for bringing Terri into our lives and family. I'm not sure how it started but I don't care, I have the sister I've always wanted."
Kim said softly, "I know Jenna, I know."
We finished washing each other and stepped out of the shower and dried ourselves off. Kim and I went to our respective sinks and Jenna took off to go to her bathroom where all of her female items were. I was the first to finish and walked down the stairs to the wonderful smell of fresh brewed coffee. Terri greeted me with a hug, passionate kiss and a big smile before saying, "Good morning daddy, did you sleep well?"
Looking into Terri's eyes I said, "Yes dear, I slept wonderfully. How did you sleep?"
Terri looked deep into my eyes and said, "I had the best night's sleep I've ever had since the tragedy that took my parents away from me. I felt so safe last night surrounded by people I knew really loved me."
Terri looked at me saying, "I hope you like waffles because that's what I am serving for breakfast this morning."
"May I have my waffle with an egg easy over on top of the waffle?" I asked.
With a smile Terri asked, "Should I make that a double order in case someone walks in about the same time you are taking a bite of your breakfast?"
Taking a moment to think I smiled and said, "Better make four of them so all of us can sit down and eat breakfast together."
I saw Terri smile and then turn around and go to work. I got up and walked to the bottom of the stair case and yelled upstairs, "Hey you two hurry up, I've put in a breakfast order for both of you and it will be ready in just a few minutes."
Both Jenna and Kim walked into the kitchen at the same time and both of them walked over to Terri and each took a turn to hug her and kiss her good morning before they walked back and sat down at the breakfast counter. Terri stopped what she was doing briefly and poured each of them a cup of coffee before turning back to the stove she said, "Breakfast for four coming right up."
We all sat and ate breakfast together and exchanged pleasantries until Kim said, "I went to the bank yesterday and set up your house account. I transferred ten thousand dollars into that account and I have the starter checks in my bag. Terri I will give them to you before I leave this morning. I also ordered checks and two credit cards for that account so you can use it either way. As you spend money from the house account, I want you to reconcile it each month and then tell me what I need to transfer into that account so we keep ten thousand in it at all times. You can use that account for anything you need for the house or if you are setting up a party and you need to make deposits. If the deposits are too large, please don't wait until the end of the month to tell me how much I need to transfer over to it. If we find out that ten thousand isn't enough then we can increase it."
Terri sat listening to Kim as she talked and when she finished Terri asked, "Is that the same account we will be using for the landscaping as well."
I spoke up saying, "No I talked to Tony and found out which businesses he uses to get plants trees and shrubs and I will call each one and set up an account there."
Kim spoke up saying, "Honey we should set up an account for unexpected expenses for the lawn care and landscaping. I'll take care of that today and put five thousand in an account and get checks and credit cards for that account to."
Kim moved right into the next topic with her business like tone when she said, "Terri honey, I want you to know that all of us love you dearly and from this point on we are going to share everything with you. I want you to know I set up a trust fund for you when I went to the bank. Dan and I talked it over on the way to work and if you decide to go to college we will pay for it. If you get a degree and want to start a business we will help you get it started. Finally, don't fix dinner tonight we are all going to go out to dinner right after we stop by the car dealership of your choice. We want you to pick out a new car and while they're prepping it, we will go to dinner then pick it up after dinner."
Terri was sitting in her seat looking at Kim with her mouth wide open and tears flowing down her cheeks. I reached over and pulled a tissue out of the box and handed it to Jenna who passed it on to Terri. She dabbed her eyes before breaking down completely and started crying. Jenna being the closest to Terri was the first one to pull her into a loving hug and saying, "Terri, mom and dad are right, we all love you very much. You have added to our lives that tiny bit we were missing."
Kim walked over to Terri's other side and her tone changed to a motherly voice as she explained to Terri she was now a part of our family so she better get used to being treated like part of the family. Finally Terri's tears were dried and each of the females hugged before sitting back down and finishing their breakfast.
When it was time for Kim, Jenna and me to leave for work our hugs and kisses were more personal and passionate than ever before. Terri couldn't stop expressing her gratefulness for what we were doing for her.
****************************
Around nine o'clock the phone started ringing with people interested in the house cleaning position advertised in the newspaper. Over the next couple of hours Terri responded to many questions posed to her by six interested applicants. Two of the applicants decided to have the application mailed to them and Terri took their addresses and promised the application would be in the mail immediately. Four applicants wanted to stop by the house and pick up an application so Terri gave them the address and told them to come about noon and she would give them the application. Two of the four asked if they could fill out the application on the spot and be interviewed immediately. Terri told each of them the interviews would be held on Friday to give everyone a chance to receive their application.
About ten thirty Terri went up to her room and searched her closet for something to put on when the applicants arrived. She looked for something that wasn't to revealing yet after being nude all this time she wanted them to see her nude body underneath whatever she chose. Terri selected just the cover of a piece of lingerie which was meant to be worn over a sheer bra and panty set. When she slipped the purple cover on and tied it in the front she stood in front of the mirror and enjoyed the view of her luscious small tits and her bald slit which was easily seen.
Terri's attention was broken when the door bell rang and Terri had to hurry down the stairs and over to the door. Terri stopped just inside the door and took a deep breath and composed herself before reaching for the door knob and turning it. When she opened the door a young man stood on the porch. Terri watched his eyes get real wide as he looked Terri's body up and down before stuttering, "My mom called this morning about house cleaning and was told she had to pick up an application around noon. Mom is running late at one of her house cleaning jobs so she asked me to stop and pick it up. I know I'm early but I have to go to work so I hope I'm not disturbing anything."
Terri looked at the young man and said with a sly smile on her face, "My name is Terri and I'm the housekeeper for the Morrisons and you are?"
The young man tore his eyes away from Terri's pussy and mumbled, "Um my name is Todd."
With a broad smile on her face Terri said, "Well Todd, you didn't disrupt anything however I did have to find something to put on before I answered the door, I hope you don't mind but normally I don't wear anything when I'm home."
Terri saw Todd visibly gulp before he asked, "Really you weren't dressed when I rang the bell?"
Terri ignored his question saying, "If you'll follow me to the kitchen I will get that application for you."
Walking in front of the Todd, Terri loosened the belt all the way until it fell to her sides and when she reached the kitchen she turned and faced the young man and said, "Like I said, I normally don't wear anything at all. I am a nudist so if you don't mind may I take this off while we talk?"
Todd's eyes bugged out of his head when he saw Terri slip her cover down her shoulder and off her arms then hang it on a chair before she said, "Have a seat, I'll get the application."
Terri returned with an application and sat down facing Todd as she explained the application. Terri explained that it was important for him mom to bring a list of references with her when she came out for the interview. She pointed out that paragraph in the application however Terri noticed Todd's eyes weren't on the paper. Several times she waited for him to look at the paper before she continued. Finally she asked, "Do you have any questions?"
Todd almost choked when he looked down and saw Terri had opened her legs a little wider and her lovely bald pussy was on display. When he looked up he saw Terri staring at him. He said, "Gosh you are so beautiful."
Terri giggled while asking, "Which part of me is so beautiful?"
The young man blushed saying, "Your whole body is very beautiful."
Terri smiled at him and said, "Thank you for the compliment and I hope you get that thing taken care of before you go to work."
He looked down in his lap and said, "Yeah I hope I can find a place between here and there to do it right."
Terri felt like playing with him and asked, "What do you mean by doing it right?"
He blushed again and said, "I don't like to wear clothes either so I like to be totally naked when I jerk off."
Terri said, "Well if you don't mind me watching you, you can take off your clothes on the deck and I will get you a couple of paper towels to cum in."
The young man's head snapped up and he looked at Terri and said, "Are you for real?"
Terri responded, "What better view could you have than a totally naked chick sitting watching you? It would sure beat you looking at one of those magazines. Go ahead and go out there and take off your clothes and I'll be right out with some paper towels."
He got up and walked outside and looked around timidly before he slowly pulled his shirt off then unbuttoned his pants. He was just pushing his pants down when Terri stepped through the glass doors and sat down in a chair and spread her legs so the young man could see her pussy.
From her seated position Terri held out the paper towels to him after he stepped out of his pants. Terri was delighted to see that he had a circumcised cock about seven inches long. He started stroking his cock right away as he walked towards Terri to get the paper towels. He stood right in front of Terri and looked at her naked body as he gained momentum stroking. Soon his breath became ragged and sporadic as he moaned he was going to cum soon. Terri was fascinated as she watched the young man stare at her pussy as his fist flew up and down his cock. Suddenly she felt something hit her face and realized he wasn't using the paper towels she'd given him. Terri sat forward in her seat and looked up at the young man's face and saw he had his eyes closed and he was shooting his cum all over her body. When he began to slow down Terri said, "Oh my, you splashed your cum all over me. Have you ever tasted your own cum before?"
The young man stared blankly at Terri before saying, "No I've never tasted my own cum before."
Terri selected a rather large glob near her right tit and scooped it up on her finger then she extended her finger towards Todd's mouth. Timidly Todd stuck out his tongue when Terri said, "Suck my finger and suck your cum off it."
Todd obeyed and opened his mouth and sucked Terri's finger. When her finger was cleaned Todd pulled back and said, "That wasn't as bad as I thought it was going to be."
Terri leaned back in her chair and said, "Get down on your knees and come here, I will let you lick your cum off my body. There's even some of your cum down there on my pussy."
Slowly he kneeled between Terri's legs and timidly stuck out his tongue and licked the rest of his cum off her right tit. Terri involuntarily moaned as his tongue touched her nipple. He sat back with a smile on his face as he said, "Licking it off your naked body makes my cum taste even better."
Terri smiled at him saying, "The next time your girlfriend sucks your cock, you can tell her to save some of your cum and share it with you."
He frowned and said, "She won't suck my cock because she said she don't want me to cum in her mouth."
Terri smiled at him saying, "Well lick your cum off me before it dries and then you can tell your girlfriend you've swallowed your own cum and I bet she will suck you the next time if you offer to share it with her."
Todd went to work licking up his cum off Terri's body saving her pussy for last. When he moved down Terri slide down in her chair and opened her legs further and said, "Lick my pussy and make me cum sweetheart."
He went to work and licked Terri's pussy and finally she said, "Lick my clit right here, that lil button right there makes me feel great and I will cum if you keep licking it."
His tongue worked overtime racing back and forth across her clit and finally Terri gripped the sides of his head and pulled his face into her pussy as she shook from her orgasm. As she came down for her orgasmic high Terri released his head and said, "Thank you."
Todd said, "I've got to get to work although I wish I could stay here."
Terri said, "There's a shower over there if you want to wash up quickly before you leave."
Terri watched as he took a quick shower then dried off and got dressed. When he was finished they walked into the kitchen and Terri gave him the application for his mom. She walked him to the door and gave him a hug before opening the door and walking out on the porch with him. He thanked Terri for everything and said, "I'll tell my girlfriend if she sucks my cock I'll share my cum with her. Thanks again. Good bye."
Terri stood on the porch and watched the young man get in his car and drive down the driveway. Suddenly Terri realized the thrill Jenna had told her about when she said she loved stripping naked in front of guys and allowing them to see her bald pussy. Terri reached down and put of finger in her pussy and realized how wet she was. Terri turned and walked into the house intentionally leaving the front door open because she was feeling rather daring.
Terri went up to her bathroom and used her bidet to clean her pussy because she wasn't used to being so wet, it just felt so weird to her. Just as she was walking back into the kitchen she heard someone cough over by the door and then the doorbell sounded. Terri looked towards the open door and saw a man and woman staring at her. Terri shrugged her shoulders and turned and walked towards the door. When she got to the door she extended her hand and said, "Hi may I help you my name is Terri and I am the Morrisons housekeeper, and you are?"
Ignoring Terri's question the woman said, "I called this morning about the house cleaning position. The person I spoke with said to come about noon to pick up the application but I wanted to come a little bit early, I hope I'm not interrupting anything."
Terri dropped her hand to her side when neither the man nor the woman shook it and said, "I am the one you spoke to this morning and no you aren't disrupting anything. This is the way I dress when I'm at home, I hope you don't mind."
The women looked up and down Terri's naked body then back up to Terri's face. Meanwhile Terri noticed the man's eyes were locked on her bald pussy. Taking Jenna's advice Terri intentionally moved one foot off to the side so her pussy was more visible to the man. Finally the woman said, "I guess when you are in your own place, you can dress anyway you want to."
Terri stepped aside and asked if the couple would like to come in while she got them a copy of the application and explained it to them. Hesitantly the woman accepted the offer and stepped into the house and Terri turned and said, "Please follow me to the kitchen."
Once in the kitchen Terri asked them to have a seat wait while she went for an application. When she returned both were seated at the counter so Terri chose the seat beside the female and laid the application on the counter. Terri reviewed the application and said that the interviews are scheduled to be held on Friday so if she wanted to schedule her interview time, Terri said she would pencil her in. Terri pointed out on the application that if they were part of a business then all persons who may be involved in the cleaning of the Morrisons estate are required to be present for the interview. When Terri was finished going through the application she asked, "Do you have any questions?"
The woman asked, "Why are you requiring anyone involved in the cleaning of this home to be at the interview?"
Terri smiled and said, "When I do your interview I will have a confidentiality statement for you and whoever else you have working with you. Please remember all parties must be present at the time of the interview so there is no misunderstanding what we will be looking for. In case of a company we will only require the owner to fill out the application and we will have an additional sheet for you to pass to each employee the day of the interview, to list their name address and phone number. Now would you like for me to pencil in an interview time for you?"
"Let me ask you Terri, I don't want to sound pushy but I want to find out what we will be doing because I do own a small house cleaning business and three of my daughters work for me along with a couple of guys who do the heavy lifting and moving plus my husband and myself when things get to busy. One of my daughters is pregnant so one of the guys travels with her exclusively to move the furniture and such. That daughter is married and I need to know what to expect before we come out here for an interview." The woman asked.
Terri said, "Please excuse me for a minute, I'll be right back."
When Terri returned she placed a confidentiality statement in front of the man and one in front of the woman along with a pen. Terri said, "Please read and sign the form if you agree with it."
Terri sat back in her chair and watched the two people read the form. The woman picked up the pen and signed the statement then handed to pen to the man who signed his statement without saying a word. Terri took both statements and looked at them before she signed her name then excused herself to make copies.
When Terri returned she placed the statement each had signed in front of the person and then took her seat. Looking at the woman and man Terri said, "Mr. and Mrs. Jones both of you have signed confidentiality statements and that means whatever you see here, do here or hear here is not to be discussed with anyone outside of the property limits. I can assure you, before your mind wanders, there is nothing illegal happening here however the owners of the estate are nudists and are seeking to fill all the positions with persons who are nudists or can blend into the owner's way of life and work nude when they are here. To clear the air before you ask, no there are no orgies here and the family's policy on sex is just like those who wear clothes. They are firm believers that no one should be forced or coerced to have sex. Again, anything we discuss here is exclusive to our conversation only."
Mary sat in her chair looking shocked before she gathered her wits and was able to ask, "Are you saying if I send some of my crew out here to clean, they will have to be nude? What about my pregnant daughter who travels with a male who's not her husband would both of them have to be completely naked while they work?"
Terri looked at John then back to Mary before she said, "Yes, we are looking to fill the position with people who can work nude. It won't matter who the person or persons are or how the combination is made of male and female we will want all workers to be nude while they are here. The only exception we will allow is when a female has her period then we will allow her to wear panties only during her period."
"To make our staff feel safer, we are installing a security gate at the end of the driveway and only certain people will be able to enter the property. I will tell you we already have a state of the art security system installed." Terri said.
Mary asked, "Let me get this straight in my mind so I don't go away with any misunderstandings. If I set up an appointment for Friday to do our interview, I will have to bring everyone with me so they can sign a statement during the interview? One final question, if my husband and I are here cleaning with some of our staff will we have to be nude to?"
"Yes, that is the way the owners want to do business. We are upfront with the information so anyone not interested in working nude can leave and not finish the interview. Those who choose to finish the first interview will be informed they may be called back for a second interview at which time that portion of the interview will be held while everyone is nude. I want to add the owners will be throwing parties so there will be additional time available and as I said the company or person we hire will have to be available to do spur of the moment cleaning during parties." Terri said.
Mary looked at John and said, "We'll take the application with us and we'll talk about it between ourselves and I will call back if we want to set up an interview."
Terri looked at Mary and John asking, "If you schedule an interview please bring a list of your references with you so we can check them in case you're called back for a second and final interview. Do you have any further questions?"
Terri stood up and said, "Thank you for your interest."
Terri followed John and Mary to the door and once again Terri held out her hand to shake hands and both walked on without shaking her hand. Terri watched them drive away before turning back into the house and going to the kitchen to get something cold to drink. Again Terri realized how wet her pussy was so she used a paper towel to dry herself. Terri was walking out on the deck with her cold drink when the door bell rang. She turned and walked to the counter and set her drink down. She looked towards the door and saw a young lady standing there looking at her. Again Terri didn't bother with her cover as she walked to the door. When she got to the door she extended her hand saying, "Hi my name is Terri and I am the housekeeper for the Morrisons, and you are?"
Attentively the young woman took Terri's hand and shook it as she said, "My name is Ashley Brennan and I called this morning inquiring about the house cleaning ad in the newspaper. I came to pick up an application."
Terri smiled and said, "I'm very glad to meet you Ashley and if you follow me I will get an application for you and explain it to you."
Ashley timidly advanced through the front door and shyly followed the naked ass of Terri as they walked into the kitchen where Terri turned and offered Ashley as seat while she went to get the application. When Terri returned she saw Ashley staring at her so Terri said, "I hope you aren't offended by my nudity but I am a nudist and I only wear clothes when it is absolutely necessary."
Ashley blushed saying, "I haven't been exposed to another nude female since college. I'm not offended but it is strange to me to see someone as young as you are wandering around nude."
Terri smiled and said, "Thank you for the compliment but I'm not that young and I do enjoy my nudist lifestyle. My movements are not restricted by clothes and I feel so good this way."
Suddenly the doorbell rang and Terri said, "Please excuse me that should be the last of the people who wanted to pick up an application. I might as well explain the application to both of you at the same time."
As Terri approached the front door she saw a middle aged man and a young woman standing on the porch looking in the door and both of them were scanning her nude body. When Terri reached the door she again extended her hand and said, "Hello my name is Terri and I'm the housekeeper for the Morrisons, and you are?"
The man spoke up as he shook Terri's hand saying, "I'm Gus Brown and this is my daughter Debbie. She called here this morning and asked about a cleaning ad in the paper. Someone told her to come out here about noon and pick up an application. So here we are and I certainly hope we didn't interrupt anything important."
Terri smiled and said, "I would be the one your daughter talked to this morning and if you will follow me I will get an application for her and explain it to both her and the other young lady who just arrived."
Terri introduced Ashley, Gus and Debbie and asked them to have a seat while she picked up an additional application.
When Terri returned with the application she placed it in front of Debbie and then started her memorized review of the application. Terri told them everything about the application then asked them to read the bottom of the last page. When they were finished reading Terri said, "As you see if you are a cleaning company owner or part of a cleaning company then we will require all those who will be cleaning here at the estate to be present for the interview so they can sign the paperwork for us. However if both of you are individuals then that doesn't apply to you."
"We will be holding the first interviews starting on Friday. Anyone who completes the first part of the interview will be asked to come back for the second part of the interview at a later date." Terri said with a smile while looking between Ashley and Debbie.
"Do you have any questions for me or would either of you like to schedule an interview for Friday?" Terri asked.
Ashley asked, "I have two partners and we work together and we have many outstanding references from people we've worked for. Why will they have to be present for the interview? I'm the one who usually sets up our jobs and takes care of the paperwork."
Terri said, "We have a statement which must be signed in our presence by each person who is hired to work on the estate. We give them a copy for their records. Secondly we will take the list of references during the first interview and then after we check them we will be calling some of the applicants back for the second part of the interview. Again all those who will be working here will have to be present."
Gus spoke up saying, "Debbie and her boyfriend are just getting started in the business and I've been their financial support buying the things they need and helping them out on big jobs. I understand that all three of us will have to be present for the interview but my question is will the kids be disqualified automatically if they don't have a lot of references?"
Terri turned and looked at Gus and Debbie saying, "Certainly not. I am the one who will be doing the interviews and all I ask is that people will be upfront with me. We are seeking to fill the position with someone or some company who can assure us they are willing to work with us and blend into what we do here. The most important thing to remember is we are here to provide a safe and clean environment for the estate owners and their guests."
Ashley asked, "You said we will have to sign some kind of statement during the interview, may I ask what that statement is for?"
Terri looked between all three people then with a broad smile on her face and a giggle in her voice said, "Yes you may ask and yes I will answer you."
Ashley looked at Terri for a moment before she caught on and asked, "What is the statement for?"
Terri giggled again before saying, "The statements are confidentiality statements that each person who will be working on the estate has to sign. It is only a simple statement that each person will have to agree to in order to be considered for any position here. I can show you one if you'd like because there is really no mystery about them."
All three agreed they would like to read the confidentiality statement so Terri excused herself and went into the other room and brought back three copies and handed one to each of them. Each person read the statement and Gus was the first to ask, "Why would a confidentially statement be required for just a house cleaning position?"
Terri put on her business type face and said, "Sir, for me to really answer that question, all three of you would have to sign the statement now. I'm not trying to hide anything from you but to give you a proper and honest answer I would to ask you to sign the statement if you are willing and want to hear the correct answer."
Gus re-read the statement and said, "There's really nothing in the statement that would cause any harm so if you have a pen, I'll sign it."
Debbie asked, "Do you want me to sign one too?"
Ashley said, "I might as well sign it so I know what to expect."
Terri handed the pen to Gus and after he signed the statement he handed the pen to his daughter Debbie and after she finished she handed the pen to Ashley. After everyone was finished signing Terri took all three copies and countersigned she excused herself to go make copies. When Terri returned to the kitchen she handed each person a copy of their statement.
Terri sat down and said, "All of you have signed a confidentiality statement which means anything you see here, do here or hear here you cannot talk about to anyone who has not signed one of our statements. Before anyone asks, there is nothing going on here that's illegal however the estate owners are both business executives and when they are here they are nudists. While I am telling you why you had to sign the statement as a potential employee of the Morrisons, is because they are filling all the positions with people who are already nudists or people interested in nudism and are willing to fit into our way of life around here."
It took a few seconds to sink in and Gus and Ashley had the exact same reaction at the same time. Both of them gasped for air and looked shocked. Debbie sat in her seat and just looked at her father.
Gus was the first to say, "Are you insinuating that the position will be filled by someone who will work nude?"
Terri replied in her most business like tone, "Gus I am not insinuating anything, I am saying that we are going to fill the position with someone who is already a nudist or someone who is interested in nudism and will be willing to fit in with our way of life. As you can see, I am nude I have not tried to cover my body in any way. You, Debbie and Ashley have each taken a moment to examine my body as I've moved about the room. I will tell you that we do not hold wild sex parties here because everyone is nude. We do the same things as those people who wear clothes. Because of the way we live here, we require each employee to sign a statement so our way of life is not going to be the topic of conversation at the local bar. Once you leave the property our way of life is confidential and you must not talk about it with anyone who has not signed one of our statements. Ashley that means if you are still interested in making an appointment for an interview, you will have to wait for the interview before telling your partners about the nude portion of the position we are offering."
Turning to Gus Terri said, "As for you and your daughter each of you have signed a statement so please feel free to discuss this between yourselves. If you would still like to come for an interview you would have to bring the third person with you."
"I will tell all of you that the person or persons we hire to fill the position of house cleaner will receive extra compensation for their willingness to blend in with our way of life." Terri finished saying.
Debbie took what Terri said all in stride and said, "I think we should schedule an appointment for an interview and see what happens from there."
Gus looked at his daughter saying, "Do you understand what Terri is saying?"
Debbie replied, "Daddy what's the big deal? You have seen me in my bra and panties and a few times you've seen me in just my panties. My thongs don't hide much so you might as well say you've seen me naked. Also you know Tom and I have been dating for three years and I'm not a virgin so there's no big deal there either."
With a huge smile crossing Debbie's face she added, "Oh and by the way daddy, you haven't been that careful to close your bedroom door or the bathroom door so I can tell you that you don't have anything that I haven't seen already. If you want to practice before the interview I won't wear anything tonight when we get home but you'll have to promise to do the same thing."
Gus blushed a bit and said, "Terri I guess you can schedule us for an interview on Friday. But again, we don't have a lot of references. I'll still list those who we've worked for."
Ashley listened to what Gus and Debbie said then spoke up saying, "I really don't have anything to hide from the people I work with either so you might as well schedule us for an appointment as well and we'll see what happens."
Terri pulled out her calendar and said, "I am going to start the interviews at eleven o'clock Friday morning and each one will be scheduled for at least an hour and a half. So the second interview will start at twelve thirty. Does either of those appointments work for someone?"
Gus and Ashley talked between them before it was agreed that Gus and Debbie would come at eleven o'clock and Ashley and her group would come at twelve thirty appointment.
Gus asked Terri, "Do you enjoy working here even though you have to be nude?"
Terri smiled and all three people sitting before her and she replied, "I LOVE my job here. I've never had a job that I've been as happy as I am now, doing this job. I have the run of the estate and can work on my tan whenever I want to. I should mention that we are in the process of putting in a security gate at the end of the driveway so access will be limited soon to only those who have a password or those we admit in, once they've identified themselves."
Ashley asked, "So the owners don't sexually harass you being nude?"
Terri smiled and replied, "The owners are just like family to me and to answer your question, there is no sexual harassment and most of all I will immediately fire anyone who touches another person without their consent with no questions asked."
"Unless there is something special that needs doing, the only person who you'll have contact with is me. We will be hosting parties and we will need the staff here to clean up but this house cleaning position will be like none other you've experienced. I take care of my staff and make sure you have everything you need. I'm in charge of the whole estate."
"Gus you mentioned that you are the financial person for the business but if you are selected to work here, we will supply everything for the cleaning staff. If we don't have it then we will get it. Ashley the same goes for your group, if you are selected then you will only have to show up to work." Terri said with a smile.
"Do either of you have any more questions for me?" Terri asked.
No one said anything so Terri said, "I guess we will see you both on Friday."
Everyone stood up and this time Debbie blatantly stared at Terri's naked body asking, "Did anyone tell you that you're beautiful?"
Terri blushed and said, "I've heard that a time of two but I think my butt is a little too big and I have this lil pouch here in the front that I'd like to lose."
Gus stopped walking and turned around saying, "Terri if you don't mind a male's opinion, I love the way you look. Everything is just perfect and I hope you don't mind me saying this but your bald pussy looks delicious."
Not to be outdone, Ashley turned around and said, "I've seen yours, do you want to see mine?"
Terri looked at Ashley and said, "I will see yours most likely on Friday but I'm not opposed to looking any time. We encourage people to look at each other around here so everyone gets used to being nude faster. However if you want to be nude now, I won't stop you. Also since you are the last two picking up applications today, if you want, I will give you a short tour of the estate.
Ashley was already topless when Terri turned back to her and she was working on the snap for her jeans. Suddenly Gus said, "Oh what the fuck, we might as well join Ashley and Terri."
Soon all four people were standing by their chairs completely naked and all three girls looked at Gus's cock as it started to rise. Gus started to apologize when Terri cut him off saying, "Gus there is no need to say anything. We understand that happens to males and we would be offended if you didn't get a hard on seeing naked women in front of you. That would mean one or more of us were so ugly your cock wouldn't rise to the occasion or you are gay."
All three girls giggled and Debbie said, "Daddy, you have a beautiful cock. That's the first time I've seen it hard and I'm enjoying the view."
Gus reached down and stroked it a couple of times without realizing it before he yanked his hand away as if it was super heated. Ashley said, "If this is going to be the view around here, Terri now I know what you mean when you said this was the best job you've ever had."
Gus looked at all three of the females standing by him and saw Terri and Debbie's pussy were completely bald while Ashley only had a short black strip of short trimmed hair about an inch and a half long above her pussy and her pussy lips were bald. Terri looked at Gus's cock and guessed it to be about seven and one half inches long when it was hard.
After a few minutes of looking Terri said if you will follow me and she took off walking toward the glass doors leading out to the deck. Once on the deck Terri showed everyone the sauna then the hot tub and finally the pool. She told them the employees are allowed to use the pool but they must use the shower first before getting in the pool. Terri pointed out the shower on the other side of the pool. Terri walked down the steps into the garden and explained the landscaping and lawn care employees were made up of a husband and wife and two of the husband's sisters.
Ashley asked, "Are you serious? You have a brother and his sisters working here nude? Not to mention his wife is here nude to?"
Terri smiled and said, "I told you, we are only hiring staff who are nudists or interested in nudism enough to fit into our way of life here."
Debbie asked, "Terri how long have you been a nudist?
Terri smiled and said, "The day I came for my interview for the housekeeping position I was just like all of you. During my interview the Morrisons asked me to sign a confidentiality statement and once I did the Morrisons explained what they were looking for. I only hesitated for a moment then stood up and said, I want this position and although I'm not a nudist now, I can learn to be real fast. I stood in front of them and took off my clothes right there in the living room. Both of them took off their clothes and we all sat down and continued my interview. I haven't worn any clothes since that day."
Debbie said, "WOW, who would have thought. You seem so comfortable walking around nude I thought you may have been a nudist all your life."
Gus looked at Ashley and then back at Terri before he asked, "So what are the chances of us being hired for the cleaning position?"
Terri walked on a bit further before she stopped and looked at the three people carefully. The she replied, "I don't want to get anyone's hopes up until I talk to some references and meet the other people who work with you. But I have to tell you, I feel comfortable with all of you and to see all of you walking with me and you're all nude is a major plus."
Terri continued, "I'll tell you I wasn't impressed with one of the applicants this morning so they will have to have damn good references before I even think about considering them. The other applicant sent a third party here to pick up their application and I didn't care for that either. I mailed out two applications and I'm waiting for them to call me and schedule an interview."
Ashley asked, "You said the owners will be throwing some parties and you will need the cleaning people to be here during the parties. How many people do you think you will need for a party?
Terri replied, "It will all depend on the size of the party and if you are asking will I need more than three people, then I can say, I probably will. However, don't you dare think that will eliminate you from the position."
"While I was talking I developed an idea. Both of you have three people working in your small company so if we can work out something with both companies would that be acceptable to all three of you? That would give me six people to call on and unless we have a huge party that should be enough to cover the events."
Ashley, Gus and Debbie looked at each other and started talking between themselves. Terri stepped away back towards the deck and let them talk it over privately. When Terri got to the stairs leading up to the deck she walked up them and looked at the pool. It seemed so inviting that she walked over to it and before stepping down into it she said, "When you're ready, I'm over here in the pool, come and talk to me."
After about ten minutes Gus, Debbie and Ashley walked over to the pool and stood by the side. Terri waved her hand inviting them into the pool. As all three walked down the steps into the pool Terri turned asking, "Did you come up with a plan which might interest me?"
Ashley spoke first saying, "Each of us have our own customers we clean house for so in reality this would be just another account for each of us. Both of us have needed some extra help before so we came to a consensus we could help each other here as well as our other accounts where we need more help. However this account would be unique in as much as you will be hosting parties which may require all of us to work. Terri if we can work out an equitable deal, we would like to join forces and have a better chance of securing this house cleaning position."
Gus asked, "Do you believe in destiny Terri? I think it was destiny that brought both of us together here today at the same time."
Terri smiled and said, "Yes Gus, I do believe in destiny. Before I came here I was in a nowhere job and the future was looking very bleak for me. I came here and as I told you, I made up my mind I wanted this position and not only did I get the position but I also got me a brand new family."
Terri put her serious business face on again saying, "Can both of you bring your other workers out here tomorrow at ten o'clock with completed applications and lists of references? You will have to commit at least two hours to complete the interview with all of you here. Please remember that each of you have signed a statement for me so you are limited in what you can tell your partners until they arrive. If this works for all of you then we will scrub the Friday appointments and meet here tomorrow."
Gus said, "Debbie, Joe and me can be here tomorrow at ten no problem."
Ashley said, "I will make sure I get Sarah and Paul going early on the job we have to do in the morning and we can be out here just about ten o'clock."
Terri smiled and said, "That's great because I have an intuition, call it a female intuition but I think we are embarking on a promising involvement. It really all hinges on your partners and your references."
They soaked in the pool a little while longer then Ashley said, "I really need to get going so I can catch up with Paul and Sarah so they can finish up early."
Gus said, "We should get going too." He got up and led the way as all of us followed behind him up the concrete steps as we climbed out of the pool.
Terri handed each of them a towel and they dried off before going inside to get dressed. As they were dressing Debbie said, "I won't be in these clothes very long because I realized this afternoon how good it felt to be naked. I hope mom won't complain too loudly. You'll stick up for me won't you daddy?"
Gus smiled and said, "I just might join you and give your mother something to really get going over."
When everyone was dressed Terri shook hands with each one and said, "Until tomorrow at ten."
Terri walked them to the door and waited on the porch until both cars disappeared down the driveway before she turned and walked back into the house closing the door behind her. Terri was in such a state of arousal she had all she could do to keep her finger off her clit.
The rest of the afternoon was quiet and about three Terri took a shower and went to her closet and looked through her new clothes and chose something at would accentuate her body. For the first time since she came to work for the Morrisons, Terri pulled a pair of sexy panties up her legs until they were snug against her bald pussy. Terri selected a half cup, purple lace, tulle, unlined bra with bow detailing because her nipples would be clearly seen and it matched her purple panties. Terri wanted to be a little bit daring so she selected a white sheer button up the front blouse. Standing in front of the full length mirror Terri marveled how well the blouse fit her and her purple bra was distinguishable but not completely visible. Terri finally selected a short black skirt which came down about mid-thigh when she was standing. Terri walked downstairs completely dressed and for the first time she realized how restrictive clothes really were.
****************************
When Kim and I arrived home Terri was sitting in the lounge on the deck. I asked Terri if she was ready to go and she smiled at me as she stood up and came over and gave both of us a hug. As we were walking into the house Terri asked Kim, "Did you get in touch with Jenna?"
Kim said, "Yes I did and she I made arrangements to call her before we leave the car dealership and tell her which restaurant we are going to for dinner."
We got into my car with Kim and me in the front and Terri in the back seat on the passenger side. As we started down the road I looked over my shoulder and noticed Terri was sitting with her legs open a little bit and I could see her purple panties. When I looked up I saw Terri looking at me smiling then I asked her if she would like a Lexus for her car. Terri's eyes opened wide as she said, "Dan, I can't afford a car like that."
Kim jumped in immediately saying, "Terri, remember you pick out the car you want and we are going to take care of it for you. You can say it's our gift to you for becoming a member of our family."
Shyly Terri replied, "I guess we can stop by the dealership and see if they have something that appeals to us."
"This is going to be your car Terri, so we want you to pick out whatever car you want." I said
After driving for about a half an hour I pulled into the dealership and we were immediately confronted by an over-zealous salesman. I told him we were going to walk around and if we had any questions we would certainly come and find someone to assist us. After a half an hour wandering around the lot and looking at several cars Terri said she liked the red 2012 Lexus GS F Sport so we found the salesman who came out to greet us and told him we wanted to take a car for a ride. I gave him the code number and he retrieved the keys then we walked out to the car with a dealership plate in hand. After he unlocked it we looked around inside the car, under the hood and kicked the tires while he put the plate on the back of the car. He explained a little about the car reading from the same feature list we looked at and then asked, "Who's driving?"
I looked at Terri and with a huge smile on her face she said, "I guess I am."
Terri got in the driver's seat, Kim got in the front passenger seat and I got into the back seat. I could tell Terri was nervous as she backed out of the space where the car had been parked. Terri was very cautious as she pulled out into traffic and drove a few miles away from the dealership then asked if either of us would like to drive back. Kim told Terri this was going to be her car so as long as she was happy with it, that's all that mattered. Terri was all smiles when she said, "I love the way it handles and I've never had a new car before so I'm very happy with this one."
When we pulled back into the dealership the salesman met us in the parking lot and directed us to park right in front of the building. He opened Terri's door for her and stood there looking down as Terri moved her left leg out of the car causing her short skirt to ride up and reveal her purple panties to the salesman's view. Terri looked up into his face and waited for him to look up into her face then she said in a voice just loud enough for him to hear, "You are a naughty boy looking up my skirt at my panties."
The salesman visibly gulped and then looked nervously at Kim and me. I stood looking at him and then motioned for him to come over to me. He walked over and I said I want you to give me your best deal. I told him I didn't want to be jerked around so if you couldn't give me something that I can work with, go get someone who can. Then I blew his mind and told him I was going to write a check for the full amount of the car and I wanted it prepped and ready to go in a couple of hours.
The salesman looked at me and said, "Yes sir, I will take you right into our finance manager let me get the information card on this car."
The three of us followed the salesman into the finance officer's office where he explained what I wanted. I shook hands with Tim and said I don't want to be jerked around. I want your best deal first or we get up and walk out of here. Tim smiled at me and said, "You understand the car you've selected is a high end model and it's equipped with many extras."
I looked across his desk and said, "I looked at the sticker price before we took it for a drive so I am very aware of the advertised cost. I intend to pay cash for this car so I want to know how much I'm going to save off that retail cost. Again, I don't want to be jerked around because if you try it, we are out of here in a heartbeat no matter how much work you've put into it. Do I make myself very clear?"
"Sir, I have my limits so to do what you want me to do I would have to get approval from the owner of the dealership." Tim said.
"I said call the owner in here then, tell him you have a VIP customer here and he needs to come over here to negotiate with me." I said looking straight at Tim.
Tim picked up the phone and made a call and after some back and forth he looked at me and said, "I'll be right back, he wants me to come to his office."
I looked straight into Tim's eyes and said, "IF you leave this office now, you will come back to an empty office and a lost sale. So make up your mind. I suggest you call the owner back and tell him exactly what I said."
Tim was nervous when he picked up the phone for the second time and called the owner's office. When Tim started talking his voice cracked and I could tell he had never confronted his boss in such a manner before. We listened as he said, "Mr. Morrison said he will leave and you will lose a sale if I walk over to your office now."
When Tim hung up the phone this time he looked at me and said, "This is unusual but he is coming here in just a minute."
Tim asked me what we wanted for the car and I told him full extended warranty, I wanted to car prepped and ready to go in a couple of hours. I told him he would need to do a new registration on the car since we weren't trading anything in. I looked at Terri and asked, "Is there anything you want put on the car that I haven't thought of?"
Kim spoke up saying, "The car will be registered to Terri Powell not Dan Morrison."
I spoke up saying, "Thanks honey. Terri you will need to let them make a copy of your driver's license and I will give them the name of my insurance company so they can add this car to my policy."
The office door opened and a short fat balding man stepped into the office and immediately Tim jumped up and said, "Mr. Jones this is Mr. and Mrs. Morrison and Terri Powell. Mr. Jones is the owner of the dealership."
I stood up and shook hands with Mr. Jones saying, "I have a car picked out and I want to get a prices on it far less than the retail price because I am going to pay cash for the car. Since I am paying cash I don't want to be dickering back and forth over a price. I want you to give me something I can work with or we walk out of here and you lose a cash sale."
Mr. Jones coughed and said, "Well Mr. Morrison you're certainly unique in as much as we don't get customers who pay cash for a new car. Tim let me see what the numbers are on the car Mr. Morrison chose."
After reviewing the paperwork for a few minutes then doing some calculations on Tim's calculator Mr. Jones coughed again saying, "I'll give you the car for ten percent over my cost but this is a special deal so don't go telling your friends about it."
Looking at Mr. Jones I said, "Not that I don't trust you but I will want to see the original paperwork for your cost and then we will add ten percent to that. I understand that I will be adding on an extended warranty and the environmental package so they will be an additional cost. Do we have a deal?"
Mr. Jones looked at me over his half rimmed glasses and then with a grunt he put his hand out and shook hands with me saying, "We have a deal. Tim, show him the original paperwork so Mr. Morrison will be satisfied with the deal." We finished all the paperwork while we were at the dealership so all we had to do was stop by after dinner and pick up the car.
While Terri and I were finishing up the last of the paperwork Kim called Jenna and gave her the name of the restaurant we had chosen to go to. Jenna said, "Great I'll meet you there in about twenty minutes."
When we arrived at the restaurant we saw Jenna was still sitting in her car waiting for us. We parked near her and when we got out Jenna came running over to Terri asking excitedly, "What did you get for a car Terri?"
Terri smiled then hugged Jenna before she said, "I'm getting a red 2012 Lexus GS F Sport."
Jenna and Terri hugged each other tightly as they jumped up and down screeching, screaming and acting like little school girls.
We went into the restaurant and were seated without much delay even though we didn't have reservations. For starters we ordered a bottle of Ladera 2007 Cabernet Sauvignon from Howell Mountain. Our dinner started with salad and soup then all of us ordered a filet mignon for the main course. We enjoyed relaxed conversation with both girls dominating. When the conversation died down a little Terri told us about the people who called for applications and gave us a short dissertation on what happened when they came and picked up applications. I could tell Kim was impressed by the look on her face and I was amazed Terri had adjusted to the nudist lifestyle so well.
I also marveled how much Jenna and Terri had in common, yet they grew up worlds apart. Kim kept nudging my leg under the table to watch both girls interact with each other. One would swear they had known each other all their lives. Finally with our bellies full of delicious food, drink and dessert we agreed it was time to leave.
When we left the restaurant Kim said to me, "Honey you take Terri back to the dealership to pick up her car and I will ride home with Jenna."
I looked at Terri and she was all smiles as she walked to the passenger side of my car and slid into the front seat. After she was seated she turned toward me with her left leg up on the seat causing her short skirt to ride up so her panties were very visible to me. I had trouble keeping my eyes off the crotch of her panties and Terri knew it. She smiled at me and said, "The salesman saw my panties too, when he held the door open for me. It made me so wet to think he wanted to see my pussy. You know Dan, I wouldn't mind if he did see my pussy."
I looked at Terri and said, "Honey, you can do whatever you want to do. If you want to show him your pussy all you have to do is take off your panties and leave them here in the car. If you want, you can give him an extended view of your lovely charms; I'll be with you so you will be safe."
Terri smiled at me asking, "Dan you wouldn't get upset with me if I let him see my pussy?"
I looked at Terri saying, "Terri the only thing that would upset me would be if someone hurt you again. You are my baby now and I will protect you with all my being."
Terri winked and then smiled at me as she raised her ass off my seat and pulled her skirt up to her waist. She hooked her thumbs into the waistband of her panties and pushed downward then lifted her legs so she could take her panties off her feet. She held the panties up and then put them on my dashboard in full view of anyone looking. Then she lifted her ass off the seat and pulled her skirt down part way leaving her pussy uncovered enough so I could enjoy the view. Terri looked at me saying, "When I put clothes on today I felt so strange and then I realized how restrictive clothes really are. I prefer to be naked now because it makes me feel free."
I looked at Terri saying, "I know babe, that's how Kim and I feel when we come home after a long day at the office."
Before we got to the car dealership Terri looked at me and asked, "Can you make sure we get the same salesman so I can show him my pussy?"
I looked at her saying, "If you want to sit in the car for a few minutes while I go in and check on your car. I'll tell him you have a headache and you're resting in the car until we have your car ready. I'll send him out to get you and I'll wait inside watching him. You can sit here with your skirt up as high as you dare to and show him whatever you want to."
Terri smiled at me saying, "Daddy Dan, you're the best. I think I will recline with the seat back, do you think he will see more of me if I do that?"
"Recline your seat now and I will fix your skirt so your pussy will be visible to him and look innocent enough to be a mistake." I said to Terri.
Terri reclined her seat and I moved her skirt until her lovely bald pussy was visible then Terri moved her legs apart and asked how that looked. I told her I would love to lick her pussy right then but we had business to do. I told her she could close her eyes most of the way and she could look at the guy without him knowing. With everything all set I got out of the car and went inside the car dealership.
The young salesman saw me walk in and walked right over to me to tell me my car was almost finished. I told him the car wasn't for me it was for Terri and she was out in my car trying to get rid of a headache. I told him if he wanted to go out and tell to her that her car is almost ready, she's in the red Mercedes parked over there in the front row of cars. I watched as he walked to the passenger side of my car and stopped short and stood looking into my car. I moved so he couldn't see me when he looked back towards the dealership windows. He must have stood outside my car for a couple of minutes before he knocked on the window. I watched as the window came down so he could talk to Terri.
I went out to the service department and checked on the car and was told they were just finishing detailing it. Within five minutes they told me they were going to bring the car around to the front of the dealership and I could get the keys from the salesman. When I walked back out front I noticed the salesman was still talking to Terri through my car window so I stepped outside and said, "Please tell Terri they will be bringing her car out here in a couple of minutes."
I watched as he opened the door for Terri and she slowly stepped out of the car. She smoothed her skirt once she stood and smiled at the salesman.
The service department brought the car around and the salesman took the keys and we walked into the dealership showroom with him. He went over the paperwork with us and then said, "Let me give you a tour of all the features in the car. He handed the keys to Terri and said, "It's your car so you might as well sit down in the driver's seat."
He opened the door for Terri and she sat down with her right leg inside the car and her left foot still on the pavement outside her car. I stood near the back door on the driver's side and watched him move in front of the open driver's side door. As he was explaining the features on the dash board his eyes were riveted on Terri's exposed bald pussy. Once he covered all the features he asked us if we had any questions and we told him we didn't so he wished us good luck with the car.
Terri looked at me and asked, "Daddy will you follow me home?"
I got into my car and followed Terri home and while I pulled into the garage Terri pulled up along beside the end of the garage. When she came back from her car she was racing and she ran and jumped into my arms kissing my face all over saying, "Thank you daddy for the car and everything."
I wiped the tears from her eyes and said, "Nothing is too good for a daughter of mine."
We went into the house and Terri attached Kim the same way she did me in the driveway and thanked Kim for everything she'd done for her. Kim hugged her back and then Jenna joined making the hug a three way.
Terri asked, "Daddy will you fuck me tonight? I know you were tender with me last night but I want you feel what it's like to have a hard cock banging into my pussy until I cum. Last night you taught me what true love was and tonight I want to learn about raw sex."
I looked at Terri asking, "What brought this on?"
"Daddy, I am so wet from those people who saw my naked body today I had to use the bidet twice to freshen up."
Jokingly and with a large smile on my face I looked around the room and asked aloud, "Whose turn is it tonight to ride the wild horse."
Laughing Jenna came over to me and hugged me saying, "It's my turn to take a few laps around that wild horse with my tongue."
Kim looked at me and broke out laughing and then said, "Oh, I guess you can fuck Terri tonight, I'll get out that big black dildo I keep in my closet for special occasions."
Jenna looked at Kim saying, "Why didn't you tell me you had a big black dildo in your closet? I could have used that a few times!"
Everyone erupted in laughter as Jenna stood there asking, "What?" Then she almost fell over laughing.
Jenna walked over to Terri and saying, "Girl you can't get fucked with all those clothes on here let me help you get them off."
Terri willingly stood still as Jenna stripped her. When Jenna took off Terri's skirt she announced, "Oh Ms. Commando, so you put on the frills to impress but you don't wear the essentials, shame on you girl. Let me smell your fingers!"
Both girls broke out in giggles as Jenna licked Terri's fingers and again announcing in a very loud tone, "Just what I thought, pussy flavored!"
Once she stopped laughing she said, "Oops, I left my panties in your car daddy!"
Kim's head turned around and looked between Terri and me as she said, "I leave you two alone for just a few minutes and the floozy moves in on my man and leaves her panties in his car, how dare you!"
Laughing Terri said, "I'm so sorry mom I got so excited my panties just fell off me, I'll try to make everything fall off the next time."
"The next time? Who said you were going to get a next time?" Kim asked in one of those questioning voices.
"Well I guess I don't have to wait for the next time, I'm naked and I'll just attack your man now!" Terri said as she rushed me and threw her arms around me and squeezed me harder than she had ever done before.
We watched as Kim stripped off her clothes then she said, "Well we aren't going to settle anything with that ole guy still in his clothes so I'll help ya strip him."
Jenna peeled her clothes off and then joined Kim and Terri as she pulled, unbuttoned and removed my clothes piece by piece. I looked around and asked, "Ladies, Ladies don't I have anything to say about this?"
There was a collective yell, "NO!" resounding through the room from all three women.
I said, "Oh woe is me...... Oh woe is me!" "I guess I'll just have to fight my way out of this mess."
Kim smacked my ass hard and said, "You just try to fight us mister and we'll make sure you don't move for a week."
Looking at all three women I asked, "Do ya promise?"
Jenna said, "Wait a minute mom he'd like that too much. How about we cut him off and use that big black dildo in front of him and give him a case of blue balls?"
Terri asked, "What are blue balls?"
Kim was laughing when she said, "If this man doesn't cooperate with us you'll get to see what blue balls are first hand."
All of us were naked when Kim announced, "The last one in our bathroom is the last one to have an orgasm tonight."
All three females took off running and I yelled, "Wait a minute! Someone has to shut off all the lights and lock the doors before we can head upstairs."
Jenna turned and looked at me saying, "Well daddy you'd better hurry up and get that done and we'll be waiting for you in the shower."
All three females giggled and dashed up the stairs in a rush leaving me standing in the living room. I thought to myself, there's just something wrong being outwitted by three crafty females.
Oh well tomorrow's another day..........
To Be Continued:
** First, thank you for taking time to read my story.
** Please take a couple of seconds to rate this story below.
****************************