Editor's note: this story contains scenes of rough, reluctant, dubiously consensual, or non-consensual sex.
*****
My mind wanders as I sit in the front row of my Psychology class listening to Professor Smalls drone on and on. He stands directly in front of me but he isn't looking at the class. He's looking directly at me and I know exactly what he wants. Without conscious thought I allow my legs to part exposing my pussy with its light dusting of blond hair. I'm wearing a short tight skirt and no panties as usual.
I smile as he stutters momentarily losing his train of thought. His eyes are riveted on the widening gap between my thighs. As my legs part farther my skirt slides up my thighs making it easier for me to reward him with an even better view. I repress a small chuckle realizing that I just secured an "A" for today at least.
For as long as I can remember I have felt an uncontrollable urge to expose my body to men. Mostly strangers that I do not know and will probably never see again. Sometimes, like today, I desire the excitement and thrill that I feel when I expose myself to men that I know and will, most certainly, see again. I've even exposed myself to some of my male family members.
I suppose it all started with my dad. I wanted his approval so much but it never seemed forthcoming. Yet my brother seemed to receive dad's approval almost effortlessly. Maybe it was a male thing. My dad was in the military and my brother wanted to follow in his footsteps. They seemed to have a bond that I would forever be denied.
Then my dad was killed while on a mission in Afghanistan. My whole world was disrupted and I was devastated. My mother was stressed to the limit and seemed unable to cope. My brother's solution was to join the military himself as soon as he graduated from high school. I began to act out by wearing clothing that allowed me to easily expose my ripening body in public.
I cannot explain the rationale. It simply felt good to be desired. I guess I just needed male approval. At the time I was much too young to be interested in getting fucked but knowing that I was desirable made me feel good about myself. I was comfortable and satisfied with the situation until I began dating Trevor.
I found Trevor easy to talk to and before too long I had revealed to him my need to expose myself in public. Rather than being appalled, as I had expected, Trevor embraced the situation and began to suggest additional ways that I could find gratification. After trying a few of his suggestions solo I finally invited him to watch and even take photos of my encounters.
It was only a short time before I realized that I felt more comfortable knowing that Trevor was nearby as my escapades became more and more risqué. That's when things began to go wrong or so I thought.
One time, rather than go out, Trevor had asked me to pose naked for him and to let him take some photos. By this time I had known him for a few weeks and had grown to trust him so I did not hesitate to agree. It would be the ultimate rush to allow myself to be photographed totally nude. I knew that there was a risk when I agreed to let him take photos but I trusted him.
There wasn't any sex involved but he took all the common photos that you would expect. After I was undressed he took several head shots that included my tits. Then there was the full body shot with me standing with one hip shot out and a seductive look on my face.
After that he had me lay down on the bed with my legs spread exposing my pussy. While there he had me pull my pussy lips wide apart which was actually the most humiliating of all the photos. Trevor also took photos of me with my knees pulled up, legs spread and feet flat on the edge of the bed. For the final shots I pulled my knees up to my chest, spread my thighs wide and, once again, pulled the lips of my pussy wide open. This was the most erotic shot since it showed my ass hole, pussy, tits and my smiling face.
Over the next few weeks I thought no more about the photos. That is until the letter arrived. It was in my mail box yesterday when I came home from school. I had no idea what it could be and assumed that it was just another of the advertisements that I always get.
Imagine my surprise when I opened it and found a glossy computer printed copy of the last photo Trevor had taken of me with my pussy lips pulled wide apart. The photo was sharp and my face was clearly recognizable. At the top of the photo just above my head someone had added "Free Pussy" in bold white letters. A white space had been added at the bottom and my full name, address and phone number had been added in black text.
I found a slip of paper in the envelope with a cell phone number and the words "Call me!" To be honest, I was frantic but rather than call the unknown number I called Trevor immediately instead. I only had one question. "How the hell did this person get a copy of my photo?" Well, maybe two questions. "Who the hell is it?"
Then Trevor dropped the bomb. His phone had been stolen and contained not only all of my photos but my contact information as well. Whoever had the phone must be someone that knew one of us or had seen us together and made the connection. It really would not have been too hard. We made arrangements to get together this afternoon before I make the call.
As soon as Trevor came in I jumped on him. "What the hell is going on? I didn't want to let you take those pictures but, like a dummy, I let you talk me into it."
"I never shared them with anyone. Damn it Gwen! It's not my fault that someone stole my phone."
"I trusted you and you let me down. What am I going to do now? Someone has nude photos of me and I'm afraid that they plan to use them against me. Look at what they sent me" I said as I thrust the photo at him.
I almost hit Trevor when he said "I don't know what you're complaining about. You look great in the picture. Besides, I thought you got off showing yourself to strangers."
"Clearly this isn't the same. He has my name, address and phone number and he is clearly threatening to give out these photos. What I don't know is what the cost will be to keep him from doing so. What does he expect? Meanwhile all you can say is that I look great?"
"Calm down Gwen. Let's do as he asks and give him a call. We could both go crazy trying to figure out what it is that he wants. Go ahead and call him. Put the phone on speaker so that I can hear too."
I picked up my phone and keyed in the number that came with the picture. After three rings a pleasant male voice said "Hello Gwen. I'm glad that you decided to call. I really didn't want to send out that picture before we had time to expand our relationship."
I hardly heard what he said. "Who is this?" I demanded.
His chuckle was maddening as he said "We'll get into that later Gwen. Is Trevor there with you?"
"Yes I am. How did you get my phone?"
"You were very careless Trevor. Do you remember having lunch at that little café on Center Street? I think the name was Lucy's Luncheonette wasn't it? Anyway you walked off and left your phone on the table. I just took advantage of your carelessness.
"The first thing I did was to look at the pictures. Wow! What a surprise to see the lovely Gwen laid out for my enjoyment in all her naked glory. Of course I did not know what her name was then but it really wasn't hard to find out. I knew your name and by asking around I found out who you hung out with. When I saw you with Gwen I only had to follow her home and once I had her address it was easy from there. People are really stupid about what they keep on their phones."
Gwen said "I've had enough of this useless chit chat. What is it you want from me? Haven't you already got enough? You have photos of me naked. Embarrassing as that is I can't imagine what else you could want."
"Gwen I'm sure that your imagination can do better than that. I've read a number of the texts that you and Trevor have shared. I know that you get it off exposing yourself. Well we are going to work together. The three of us are going to have a lot of fun. I'm going to make the rules and set the agenda and you and Trevor are going to do as you're told. You know what will happen if you don't cooperate."
"You've got my pictures. If I do anything else you'll only have more ammunition to use against me. That seems stupid to me. Why would I want to make things worse?"
"I'm not going to respond to that and try to insult your intelligence. You are absolutely correct but you are overlooking one thing."
"And what the hell might that be?" I said in the most sarcastic tone possible.
"It's simple. You like showing off that lovely body. Let's be honest. You are the complete package. You are a natural blonde with long blond hair and a light dusting of blond curls highlighting your lovely pussy. Your tits aren't huge but they are full and those puffy nipples of yours are to die for. You're not glamorous but you have a girl next door appeal and that light dusting of freckles across your cheeks and nose are adorable. There's just one problem."
"And what might that be?"
"You're not aggressive enough."
"What in the world are you talking about?"
"You enjoy exposing yourself but you are too conservative. Maybe you just aren't creative enough or possibly you're concerned about your safety. Well I can assure you that I will not be conservative with you. And you should feel safe because both Trevor and I will always be there to insure your safety. I really hope that you will enjoy yourself but you are going to do what I say or else I'll have men knocking on your door constantly. I hope you understand that it's nothing personal. You are just a tool that will allow me to enjoy myself. I hope that you will enjoy yourself at the same time but that is just incidental. Do you understand?"
"Yeah I understand. I can't say that I like it but I understand. So what's next? Do you fuck me or what?"
"My goodness are you that anxious to get laid?"
"No! I just don't like not knowing what you've got in mind."
"Well you're going to have to wait for a while longer. I've really got to give this some thought. Humiliation is the name of the game. There are a lot of tried and true things that I could force you to do but I want to try to come up with something that is a little more unusual. I'll have to give this some thought. I'll give you a call tomorrow or the next day and give you your instructions. Sleep well."
Trevor wanted to stay and discuss things further but I was too upset to think straight so I sent him home.
"Sleep well?" he says. "Was he out of his mind?" I hardly slept at all as my mind churned with the possibilities. I certainly did not want a reputation around school as some sort of easy mark or slut. If he spread those photos around school that is exactly what would happen. Still my inner exhibitionist was all aflutter with the possibilities. Isn't this exactly the kind of thing that I had been doing on my own for the past few years? Of course it was but I really doubted that I was going to feel comfortable with this stranger in charge.
I managed to struggle through the day but it was no easy task. As I walked down the hallway toward my apartment I noticed a box outside my door and wondered what that could be. I bent down and picked it up and immediately noticed that there wasn't any return address and I did not recognize the handwriting on the address label.
I sat the box on the table and hung my purse on the back of a chair. I started to go into the bedroom to get into something more comfortable but curiosity was burning bright and was not to be ignored. I reached for the box and pried it open.
The first thing I found was a note which I unfolded with some trepidation and began to read.
"Hello Gwen. Here are some things that you will need. I took the liberty of telling Trevor to be at your place at eight. I'll give you a call a little after eight and we'll have some fun. I'm really looking forward to an enjoyable evening and I hope that you are also."
I placed the note on the table and took a look at what was in the box. The first thing that came out was some sort of metal contraption. I didn't have the faintest idea what this was until I found the little instruction page. It was a tripod for holding a cell phone.
The next thing out of the box was a bra like I'd never seen before. It looked to be the right size or maybe a little small. It was a lovely black lace material but there were openings at the tip of each cup. It took a moment and then it dawned on me. The nipples of anyone wearing this bra would be pushed through the holes. The fact that the bra was a little smell meant that the effect would be accentuated. My puffy nipples would stand up tall and proud if I wore this bra.
Things became even clearer when I removed the sheer white button up blouse from the box. Holy shit! If I were to wear this bra and blouse combination my nipples would be plainly visible to anyone who looked at me. There was no way that I was wearing this.
The last item was a black "A-line" skirt. When I held it up to my waist it seemed like it might fit but it was short. I couldn't see behind me but I was pretty sure that it would barely cover my ass.
While I was still contemplating the skirt there was a knock on the door. The unexpected noise startled me. Being more cautious than usual I looked through the peephole to see Trevor fidgeting in the hall. I opened the door and he rushed past me saying "I didn't want to be late or miss anything."
We talked for a few moments and I showed him the contents of the box. He was most interested in the bra. Go figure.
My mind was in turmoil wondering exactly what I would be expected to do. Would I even be able to do whatever he told me to do? I was terribly excited and very reluctant to move forward with this but it certainly didn't look like I had many options.
At about five minutes after eight my cell phone rang. "Hello" I said.
"Gwen I'm so glad that you decided to take my call. I honestly wasn't sure that you would. Did you get the box?"
"I got it."
"Good. Good. Are you ready to get started?"
"I'm still not sure. I don't know what you have in mind although the things that you sent me give me a pretty good idea."
"Yes well, I want to go slow with you. I want you to be turned on and humiliated by what I'm going to have you doing because I'm pretty sure that it will play into your exhibitionist leanings but I want to move slowly and work our way into things."
"Well I'm here, Trevor's here and you're on the phone so what do you have in mind?"
"For tonight what I have in mind is for Trevor to show me every intimate part of your lovely body. Oh I won't really be there in the room but you'll know that your phone is recording everything and sending video to me to enjoy. Before the evening is over you'll know that you've been totally and completely exposed to a stranger.
"Trevor I want you to use the tripod that I sent you to set up your cell phone. Make sure to mount it sideways and not vertically. I'm going to have you stand behind Gwen as I have a good look at her fine body.
"Gwen I want you to go into your room and pick a nice set of underwear. I want my present to be tastefully wrapped."
"You don't want me to wear the bra that you sent?"
"No! That's for later. Wear one of your nicer blouses. One that buttons up the front and you can wear any skirt that you want but make sure that it's short. Come back when you are ready."
As Gwen left the room I said "Trevor we want to find some place in the room that well provide a nice background. I don't want some busy or cluttered place that will compete with the subject of our party. Where do you think would be best? Go ahead and set Gwen's phone to transmit an image to me and we will look together."
The view on the screen slowly rotated around the room. As Trevor rotated the first thing to come into view was the dining area which was clearly not a suitable background. The image continued to rotate past the front entry door and then past a couch and chair. I thought that the couch might work if I wanted them to be sitting or lying down.
As Trevor continued to turn the view swung past a wall with a fake fireplace and mantle and then continued on to show what appeared to be the door to Gwen's bedroom.
At that moment the door opened and Gwen entered the room. She had chosen a white blouse and a red and green plaid pleated skirt. It almost looked like a school uniform and Gwen was the image of a sexy school girl.
I immediately made up my mind. "Gwen I want you to stand in front of the fire place. Trevor I want you to attach the phone to the tripod and then we can move it into position. I want Gwen to fill the image from top to bottom and make sure that the image is focused on her.
"Okay that's good. Now turn on all the lights around the room. Since there aren't any behind her we can use the extra illumination to get great detail shots. That's fine.
"We are going to do this in scenes since there are only the two of you there. Maybe another time we'll have a real camera man to help out. For now just leave the phone recording. I'll be watching and I will give you instructions about what I want you to do. Feel free to talk as we go. The phone will record it all, including my verbal instructions, and then Gwen will send me the whole video. Gwen it will be your choice to give it to me and allow yourself to be viewed by others.
"Trevor for now I want you to take the phone off the tripod. Gwen is going to go back into the bedroom leaving the door open. Trevor I want you to record her as she enters the room and goes to stand in front of the fireplace. Record her as she walks into the room.
"Trev there's been a slight change of plans. Don't tell Gwen but I want you to set her phone to do a live stream rather than just recording. Let's do this!"
I watched as Trevor turned the camera towards Gwen's bedroom door just as she appeared and walked into the room. God she was hot!
"Okay Trevor now I want you to move forward until you get a good head and shoulders shot. Let's be sure to include the mantle with all the family photos."
Hastily Gwen turned to look at the photos on the mantle. There was a photo of her with her mom and dad along with a few shots of her as she had grown into the lovely example of sexiness that she was today. There was also one of her with a young man that I assumed was her brother.
She turned back to look into the camera with a look of horror on her face. "No! You can't show those pictures. That's my family. My mom, my dad and my brother are there. What if someone recognizes them?"
Her response was perfect. It was exactly what I had been hoping for. "You don't need to worry about that Gwen. The photos won't be in focus." I assured her. While technically true they would be in that tantalizing in between realm. Not clear and not exactly out of focus either. Anyone who knew who was in the photos was sure to recognize them. I was sure that Gwen would have more than a little anxiety over it and by the time she saw the completed video it would be too late.
"Trevor I want you to place the camera back on the tripod. That's good. Now, I want you to go stand behind Gwen and cup her tits."
The look on Trevor's face was priceless as he took the weight of Gwen's tits in his hands. He hefted them while massaging them gently and pinching her nipples.
"How does that feel Trevor?"
"They're full and so damn soft."
"How long have you been dating?"
"Three weeks."
"I bet she hasn't let you touch her tits before tonight has she?"
"No. She's flashed them a few times so I've gotten a glimpse here or there. I thought that I saw a nipple one time but I'm not sure. She told me that she's an exhibitionist."
"Really? Gwen is that correct? Are you an exhibitionist?" Although I already knew the answers to these questions I wanted her to say it in the video.
I watched the look on her face as she struggled with the excitement she felt from Trevor's efforts and the question?
Immediately Gwen realized that if she answered the question then everyone would know. Then it dawned on her that anyone seeing this video would know. Her juices began to flow with the realization. "Yes!" she whispered.
I wanted everyone to hear that admission. "What?" I barked.
Gwen jolted, startled by my voice. Opening her eyes and looking directly into the lens she said "Yes!" with much more conviction.
"Yes what?"
"I'm an exhibitionist. I like teasing men and letting them get a glance at my tits and pussy."
Meanwhile Trevor had remained busy with Gwen's tits. "Trevor I want you to constrain yourself for a few moments. Gwen's going to unbutton her blouse for us now. Aren't you Gwen?"
Giving me more than I could have asked for Gwen nodded her acquiescence and slowly raised her hands to the top button of her blouse. While she continued to look into the camera she slowly unbuttoned all of the buttons.
"That's really good Gwen. You're enjoying this aren't you?" Another nod was all I got.
"Gwen I do not want to have to tell you again. I want verbal answers so that everyone can hear your response. Don't make me tell you again."
"Yes!"
"Excuse me? I will receive proper answers and proper respect. Why don't you try that again?"
"Yes sir!" Gwen said in a stronger voice.
"What are you feeling? Tell us."
"I'm feeling embarrassed. No one has ever seen me like this or asked me questions like this. I'm humiliated by being used this way. By being made to do things."
"Things?" I asked. "What does that mean?"
"Things like exposing my body this way. It's not the same as when I decide to let someone see me while I'm out. This is different. It's not my decision what I do but yours. I'm so damned turned on by the possibilities I can hardly stand it. At the same time it's degrading to be used sexually by someone like you. But, but it's also stimulating. It's hard to explain."
"Okay that's good Gwen. Trevor let's get you back to work. It's a shame that you can't see the sexy black bra Gwen is wearing from behind her like that. Still, I think that you'll be compensated. I want you to reach around Gwen and pull each of her lovely tits out and over the top of her bra. Her soft pale skin will be so enticing in contrast with her black bra."
I watched as he reached into the first cup and struggled to pull her breast out. He was finally successful and immediately went to work on her other tit. With both breasts supported over the top of her bra Gwen made a lovely picture.
"Okay Gwen I want you to reach up and fondle yourself."
I watched in amazement as Gwen began to massage and lift her tits enjoying the feel of her own hands on her flesh. Without being told we all watched as she pinched and pulled on her nipples until they began to harden.
"Thank you Gwen. Now I want you to release the catches on your bra letting us see your tits in all their glory."
At first she hesitated and then with a shrug she reached back and undid the clasp shrugging her shoulders forward and letting the bra slide down her arms and onto the floor. Lowering her hands to her sides she stood there. Her tits entirely unfettered. Her puffy nipples were pointed directly at the camera begging for a man's touch.
"Okay Gwen I want you to give your tits to Trevor."
A puzzled look crossed her face as she struggled to understand what I wanted. "Excuse me?" she said.
I took a moment to explain and when she understood I watched as she reached behind her and took Trevor's hands and placed them on her tits. She used Trevor's hands to cup her tits and then dropped her hands to her side.
Trevor hefted them and then went to work.
As I watched the lucky Trevor fondling Gwen's tits I asked "How does that feel?"
"It feels absolutely delicious."
"Do you like that everyone is seeing your unencumbered tits and watching your face as you experience the sensations?"
"I don't mind."
"But do you like letting everyone see you like this? How does it feel knowing that everyone is going to watch as you suck Trevor's dick and then he fucks you?"
It was interesting watching her face as the import of my questions registered.
"Wait a minute. You never said anything about fucking and sucking and that bothers me. But what bothers me more is that you keep saying 'everyone'. There are only the three of us."
"Well that's not entirely true. You see while you were changing I had Trevor change the settings on your phone. Everything you are doing is being recorded for the future but I also had him enable the live stream function on your phone. It's all being sent out to the internet live. What do you think about that? Hundreds, maybe thousands of men are watching as Trevor plays with your tits."
The relaxed look on her face morphed from one of horror to concern and finally acceptance as I painted a picture of untold numbers of men watching as she was exposed and used.
The same words kept through Gwen's mind. Used, degrading, humiliating, embarrassing yet they were followed by excitement, astonishment and satisfaction.
"You never told me. You lied to me." Gwen said.
"No I never told you but that's not the same as lying to you. You know that exposing yourself is something you find exciting and that you enjoy. But for some time now you have limited yourself because of your fear. I've merely taken the decision out of your hands and placed you in a position to realize you're most stimulating and exciting dreams.
"So! Now it's up to you. Do we continue or do we stop? Are you going to deny all of these unknown men the satisfaction and sexual release from viewing the rest of your lovely body and watching as you suck and fuck Trevor? The men watching need satisfaction too.
"How exciting would it be for you knowing that an unknown number of strangers are stroking their cocks as they watch you take Trevor's shaft in your mouth and then deep into your pussy? Most of them will achieve sexual release from the show that you are putting on. Can you think of anything more satisfying?"
"No!" Gwen whispered.
"Speak up Gwen."
"No!" she said more firmly.
"So you want these men to see you naked and used?"
"Yes!"
"Yes what?"
"Yes damn you. I want to know that a bunch of strangers are watching as Trevor exposes me to them. I want to feel the unique range of emotions as my body is used by Trevor for his satisfaction and these strangers watch. Is that good enough for you?"
"That's quite good enough Gwen. Now it's clear that you want to do this and I am only providing the means so let's proceed. Unzip your skirt and drop it. Show us your lovely legs and the panties that match that lacy black bra."
In just a moment Gwen had dropped her skirt as instructed.
She truly did have lovely legs. They rose from her slim ankles up her well turned calves to her full sculpted thighs and finally ended in the "V" where her thighs joined her crotch which was discretely covered by the black lace panties.
"It's time Gwen. Let's give everyone what they want. Take your panties off for us now."
You could see the hesitation on her face. This was for all the marbles. Slowly resolve showed on her face and she raised her hands and hooked her thumbs in the elastic. Inch by agonizing inch the panties started their slow trip to the floor. The first thing to come into view was a tuft of her blond snatch. The next thing that came into view was the top of her slit and finally the rest of her pussy.
By their very nature any pussy was lovely but her pussy was exactly the type that I enjoyed. The lips of that warm soft opening barely peeked out from the vertical slit between her thighs. It was smooth and soft.
"Gwen I want you to spread your legs and lean back on Trevor. Let us get a good look between your legs."
At first I thought that she might balk at my direction but ever so slowly she spread her legs about two feet apart and leaned back on Trevor.
"What are you thinking Gwen? Are you enjoying yourself?"
"I can't believe what I'm doing. It's delicious realizing that I have no idea who might be watching this.
I'm really showing my pussy to the lecherous world. Young men, old men or even possibly my father might be watching. This is being broadcast under my name. You cannot realize how liberating it is to feel the release. To do what I have wanted to do for most of my life.'
As her words left her lips her mind finally caught up with what was happening and she exclaimed "OMG!" and immediately brought her legs together as her hands came up to cover her breasts.
"Relax Gwen. You know this is something that you have wanted to do for years isn't it?"
"Yes! Of course, I never thought that something like this would happen. I can't understand the mix of emotions that I'm feeling. How in the hell is it possible for me to feel embarrassed for showing off my body to strangers yet excited, stimulated and sexually aroused by the same act. I'm allowing myself to be degraded and exposed and truthfully I am excited and enjoying it."
"Okay Gwen we need a decision from you now. If you want to continue then you need to spread your legs wide and show us your pussy again. Take your hands down from your tits so that Trevor can pinch and pull on those nipples. I will count to ten. If you want to continue you know what to do. If you want to stop then remain covered and we will terminate this stream on the count of eleven."
I watched Gwen intently as the count slowly mounted. At eight she seemed to shudder and come to some decision. She had been standing with her eyes shut as if she could block out everything that way. When her eyes opened and she stared directly into the camera I knew that we were still in business.
Slowly her legs spread wide once again and her hands moved away from her breasts.
Before she had a chance to change her mind I said "Trevor I want you to pull her pussy lips wide apart. Let's get a good deep look at the heart of Gwen's love nest. Let us know if she is wet and see how many fingers you can get into her."
Anxious to follow my instructions Trevor happily reached between her legs and did as he was told. He pulled her pussy lips wide apart exposing the pink inner sheath of her pussy. At first he only tried to work one finger into her. After just a few strokes he looked up at the camera and commented, "She's so wet."
Our audience watched as two, three and then four fingers were thrusting in and out of that lovely pussy. Gwen's eyes were closed and she moved her legs wider apart allowing Trevor better access to her dripping pussy. I could only hope that I would get my hands on her in the very near future. If she didn't balk at letting us watch as she sucked Trevor's dick and then when he fucked her then I could be pretty sure that I would get my turn.
"Okay Gwen you've had enough fun. It's about time you returned the favor and gave Trevor a little excitement. What do you think Trevor? Would you enjoy having Gwen suck your cock?"
"Are you kidding? What healthy male wouldn't want to have a fantastic blond suck his cock? She is so hot."
Gwen jumped into the conversation. "I never said that I would do that. I think that this has gone far enough. You two have exposed me to an unknown number of strangers and now you think that I'm going to let you take a video of me sucking cock? Not. Besides, I've only sucked cock one time and I didn't like it."
"Gwen as I told you earlier you can chose to not do this. In fact you should think real hard before you decide. Just so you know I plan to watch as you suck Trevor's cock and then you're going to spread your legs and let him fuck you. You should also know that I am more than willing to share what you have done so far with your friends, family and school chums. Still, the choice is yours. What will it be?"
"I don't know."
"Damn it girl you know that letting others watch you being used has turned you on. It's something that you have dreamed of but never had the will power to do on your own. Now is your chance. What will it be?"
Still Gwen hesitated to respond.
"Okay I think that I understand. You are reluctant to say that you want to suck Trevor's dick. If that's the problem I have a suggestion. If you agree that you want us to watch as you suck cock then just get down on your knees facing the camera."
Almost in slow motion Gwen began to move finally kneeling as she had been instructed.
"That's great Gwen. Trevor I want you to stand with your back to the camera. That's it. Now move just a little to the side. I know you're excited but you have to remember that the rest of us want to see the action too. Okay that's good. Turn toward Gwen just a little. Gwen you need to remain facing the camera but just turn your head toward Trevor.
"Okay Gwen it is show time. Unzip Trevor's pants and let's take a look at what you have to work with."
We all watched breathlessly as Gwen struggled with the zipper. Finally she got it down and we all were overcome with envy as her soft white hand delved into his pants. It took a while for her to wrestle his stiff cock out of his pants but finally she knelt there staring at the rod that she was about to suck as an untold number of strangers watched.
"I must be crazy." Gwen thought as she struggled to get her prize out of its cloth prison. Finally it came free and I just knelt there for a moment contemplating what was about to happen. My emotions were rioting inside my head and the rest of my body had already begun to respond to the erotic situation. I could already feel the extra moisture between my legs. My nipples tingled and stood at attention.
"Just do it!" I thought. I leaned forward and with the tip of my tongue I sampled the drop of pre cum that had appeared. When my tongue made contact I felt Trevor quiver. Then all thought of propriety vanished from my brain. All of my prudish upbringing disappeared like a puff of smoke. Suddenly I wasn't nervous with anticipation. I was possessed by a desire to show anyone watching what a good job I could do.
I leaned forward and took the head of Trevor's cock between my lips and closed them over the hot soft head of his dick. I flicked my tongue against the opening and tasted more pre cum. Then I pulled back slowly and then moved forward again taking more of this splendid toy into my warm moist mouth. Finally I began slowly rocking back and forth. Each time I rocked forward I took his cock a little bit deeper.
His cock was substantial but not overwhelmingly huge. I guessed that it was six to seven inches long. Even so I was unable to take the whole thing into my mouth although I tried. At some point I realized someone was speaking.
The voice was giving instructions. "Trevor put your hands behind her head and when she's ready I want you to pull her towards you. Gwen when you feel his cock reach the back of your throat you need to try and swallow. I want you to deep throat him."
The next time I moved forward I tried to take the whole thing but it wouldn't go. Then, on the second effort everything worked. I swallowed, Trevor pushed and suddenly the whole thing slid down my throat. My nose was pressed against the zipper of his jeans and some of his pubic hair tickled my chin. I was astonished and amazed at the glorious feeling.
Trevor and I continued to work together trying to get his whole cock into me as he face fucked me. I felt like a total slut. It was joyous. I had seen a number of videos before and remembered that most of the women seemed frantic as they tried to give and receive pleasure from the act. Instead I maintained a slow and measured rhythm alternately pulling back and then plunging forward taking all that I could.
Despite my attempt to keep a measured pace I began to notice that Trevor was trying to increase the speed as he jammed his cock deep into my throat.
After only a few moments I heard that disembodied voice again. "Slow down Trevor. Save something for her pussy. That's enough for now. I need you to change the camera. Gwen I want you to go lay down on the couch. Wonderful! God you're gorgeous.
"Trevor I want you to take the camera over and give us a really good look at Gwen again so that everyone watching can be reminded just how lucky you are. Take a full length shot and then zoom in on her face so we can see just how flushed she is from sucking your cock. Look at how swollen and puffed up her lips are.
"Okay now just pan down her body. Be sure to stop on her tits. Her puffy nipples really stand at attention when she's excited don't they? Move on down and give us a good look between her parted legs. That way all of us watching will have some idea of the pleasure awaiting you.
"Trevor I want you to place the camera on the tripod. Adjust it so that we get a full length view of all the action but try to angle it so that we can see your cock as you fuck her. That's great!
"There's just one more thing to do. Gwen do you want Trevor to fuck you?"
"Damn you! You know I do."
"Do what? I need for you to speak the words. Tell us what you want."
"What I want, no what I need is to be fucked. I'm so damn hot I feel like I might explode any moment."
"What about the rest of us? Do you mind if the rest of us watch as Trevor fucks you?"
"I hate to admit it but I want and need to know that you're watching. It feels so good."
"Okay Trevor. You heard the lady. She wants to be fucked. What do you think?"
"I think she looks good enough to eat."
"That's not a bad idea Trevor."
"Do you think I could? Gwen what do you think?"
"I don't know. No one has ever done that to me before. I don't care just do something damn it."
Without any further prompting we watched as Trevor dove between her legs and went to work nibbling, sucking and licking Gwen's pussy.
For her part, Gwen began to squirm and moan which drove Trevor to work harder and harder.
Finally, unable to fight her soaring emotions, the damn burst and Gwen had her first orgasm. Trevor looked up at the camera and his mouth and lips were shiny from his efforts.
He moved his hips between her legs and Gwen greedily grabbed his cock and aimed it at her waiting pussy. She was so primed that his cock slid into her warm sheath and immediately plunged straight to the bottom.
With the well primed and ready, Trevor began to pump himself into her at a furious rate. Gwen grabbed his hips trying to force him in even farther. The two of them writhed around on the couch for several minutes and suddenly Trevor reared up pulling his cock out of Gwen and dumping a huge load of cum onto her lower belly and pussy.
When they had calmed somewhat I said "Trevor. Trevor." Finally he looked over at me as he continued to support his body over Gwen. Turning his head to look at me he said "What?"
"I need you to do one more thing. Get the camera and give us a good look at Gwen now that you've used her thoroughly. We want to see her flushed face. We especially want a good look at her cum covered pussy. When you've done that go ahead and shut off the camera.
"Tell Gwen that I'll be in touch to set up our next session."