Note: This is part six of Janet's saga of body modifications. Narrated by her caretaker. Reading the previous five parts is recommended to get a full understanding of the plot. All characters above 18 and consenting.
Project Succubus06 : Lilith Rises
I cleaned Janet inside and out in my usual thorough manner, the girl's long titanium talons didn't allow her much ability to help me with her holes. "I know they're designed so I can't play with myself easily." She said. I pat-dried her and treated her to a quick orgasm using a Hitachi before we walked out of her room into the main laboratory/theatre. Today was a big day, she was to get her final jewelry attached and all her electronics activated.
Dr. Willams, Dr. Arexus and six more were waiting.
Janet, you look amazing! Today we complete your transformation and introduce you to your new home.
"My new home?" she asked nervously looking at me and grabbing my arm.
"Don't worry. Adam won't leave your side. He's your caretaker and keeper," said the doctor.
Janet was invited to sit in a Gyno chair and her arms and legs were restrained. First came her earrings and facial jewelry. They were all a deep black/chrome with Large red rubies and delicate gold accents. Her horns which were a brown, bony color received ribbed, black metal sheaths, tipped off with red crystal points. Her brows received three rings each with a small brilliantly cut ruby.
Her large earlobes had long pendants with large teardrop-shaped rubies. The bat-like upper part of her ears received seven smaller ruby-encrusted gold rings.
Her forehead received a large red, egg-shaped ruby pendant which gave the impression of a glowing third eye. Two black chains secured it to the two horns and a third chain with large rings which fit around each bony mound on her skull extended back and clamped onto the Scarab unit at the back of her skull.
Her septum received a heavy gold ring with a ruby pendant that rested on the top of her lip.
Her mouth or "facial Orifice" as it was called was an incredible sight now. The fleshy outer ring was colored black and the visible tissue faded inward from black to red. It was like a massive sucker of some bottom-feeding creature, black, soft, moist, and menacing as if she could attach it to anything and suck the life out of it.
Her brand new collar and voice synthesizer unit were next. It was very tall and fit snuggly around her jaw to the back of her ears. We first replaced the Tracheal tube with a much wider metal unit with several sensors and smaller tubes. "You can drain it without undoing the collar. So the collar needs to come off only once a week," explained Arexus.
The front of the Collar had a large egg-like red jewel, the breathing holes were nowhere to be seen. The collar had eight thin ribs, extending to the rear which gave the impression that the jewel was the body and the ribs were legs of a creature attached to her throat.
The rear of the collar clicked into the sides of the Scarab. A doctor inserted two long cigar-like cartridges into the sides of the Scarab. These were her air filters! It was an ingenious setup!
Her nipples got ruby-encrusted rings and a large ruby filled her belly button.
Her clit received a tight-fitting ring with a small teardrop-shaped ruby pendant.
It contrasted beautifully against the dark vulva which was tattooed in a gradually darkening red with her outer labia black.
Janet then received four shiny black metal cuffs for her wrists and ankles. They too had egg-like dull red Jewels as well as heavy rings for chains to be attached as needed.
Her anus was tattooed in the same way as her mouth and vagina. The red got darker as it reached her sphincter with the massive wet, slightly open sphincter itself jet black.
She was helped off the chair and she immediately began playing with her clit piercing. The doctor stopped us from intervening as she lay on the floor and within minutes squirted a torrent of ejaculate and urine. After a few minutes of rest during which the hroned demon relaxed her orifices resulting in her passing some stools as well, We helped the sweating, succubus up to a platform.
"Clean her orifices and prepare her for activation," instructed Dr.Willams.
The Succubus stood in the middle of the room on the small white platform. She was facing the team. Her hands were on her hips and juices flowed down her legs.
"OK, let's activate you. Activating Auxiliary neural network, powering up now" said Arexus vigorously tapping on a tablet computer. Nothing happened at first.
Then it all began;
The lights of the lab were gently dimmed.
The Scarab lit up in a bright red glow, and so did the jewel in her throat. Her eyes began to glow a dull red and so did her nostrils and the jewel in her forehead. Next, wave upon wave of red light coursed through her body underneath her skin! It was the fiber optics! As if a fire was coursing through her veins.
Then came the amazing sight of all; her mouth, Vagina, and Anus began to slowly open and close with each breath, I couldn't believe it when each orifice began to emit a red glow from within. The light was gradually pulsing, growing bright and then dull again with each breath of the girl. It was like her insides were burning red with lava. All those dull red nodes made sense now! They were light-emitting diodes, embedded in her orifices. Her clitoris and nipples began to glow a dull red and her bulbous clit expanded and contracted rhythmically.
It was like she was breathing through all her orifices. There was a sense of dread as if something would happen, as if she would breathe fire, as if she would jump at you and ravish you to death!
"This is her default standby mode. The orifice dilation and lighting is synchronized with her breathing," Dr.Arexis explained the obvious.
"Activating vocal control unit," announced another doctor with a tab.
Immediately, the room was filled with the noise of breathing. It was not unlike the sound of Darth Vader, but softer, feminine, alluring.
"Speak," commanded Willams.
"Doctor....." the voice sent a chill down my spine.
It was feminine, seductive, a bit rough and commanding.
"How do you like your new voice?" asked Willams.
"It feels familiar. And, I can express emotion, Mmmmm!" she growled as Arexus shocked her clit using her tab.
"Yes, it's based on your old natural voice. The neural network now picks up signals from your brain, genitals, and lips as well as the larynx. So, it can process emotions. Vocalization of the female is very important to enhance the sexual pleasure of the male. Now you can vocalize naturally," explained the doctor.
"I........I need to see myself. My holes feel out of control. My clit is killing me! I need to fuck. I NEED TO FUCK!" she growled.
With each breath, steam began to rise from her nose, mouth, vagina, and anus. All three latter orifices synchronized in their dilation and contraction. Thick mucus dripped from her orifices. The milky viscous discharge glowed pink from her internal light.
Combined with the pulsing red glow of her orifices and jewelry, the sound of her seductive and terrifying breathing, and the steam rising from her mucus-dripping holes, it was an amazing sight. terrifying and incredibly sexy.
"Come, Lilith, marvel at your final form" invited the doctor, holding a hand out to the Succubus who took it and stepped down. Light pulses flashed randomly through her veins like red lightening.
A three-piece full-length mirror was waiting for her she closed her eyes approaching it dreading the sight she would see. My heart was racing, there was no going back, this was her life now. Would she accept it? What would her master say? What were his plans for this incredible beast?