Chapter 1 - How Gina Became Her Old Self
Introduction: I have based this series on my best friend who is no longer with us. We dated through her last three years of high school and married once she finished college. She knew how to be a proper lady, as well as an uninhabited college party girl. Some of the stories I will tell are based on actual events and memories that took place throughout our years together. I hope you enjoy these as much as I do telling you about her.
Well let me start by describe where Gina and her husband John live so you will have a bit of an understanding of the situation. They live at the end of the dead-end court, with a large park that wraps around two sides of their yard including a deep ditch and lots of thick growth for privacy. An overgrown right of way on the left side providing a natural privacy barrier on that side and a vacant rental to the right side with no privacy at all. Yes, this is important, as you will see in a bit.
Gina, a wife of 22 years, who is in her mid 40's and could easily pass for a mid 20 something year old coed, she only stands about 4' 10 1/2", she always adds the half. She likes the all-over tan thing she sports, well her husband does and she does it more for him than her, but that's about to change.
And with no neighbors due to the housing crisis, it is not uncommon for her husband to come home during the summer months to find her laying out topless or naked in the back yard sunning her heavy but firm "D" boobs, they have a slight natural sag to them, John thinks it makes them look better and not fake.
She usually gets off work around 3:00, when she decides to work at her friend's boutique, so she has a few hours to tan her scotch/Irish skin, something that has to be done slowly. The tanning makes her nipples a bit more visible in sheer tops and t-shirts, which John used to love; she has become a bit self-conscious these days, as she has gotten older.
Over the years of marriage things had become a bit routine, she is no longer the showoff in public that she was many years ago in high school, college, when they dated or the early years of marriage, even though she still has the body and looks for it.
The house next doors has been empty of renters through the winter and into the spring. She comes through the front door with bags of groceries, "Looks like we have neighbors moving in." She tells John, her husband.
"Well that's nice, see any rug rats?" He asks her.
She smiles, "Oh no, unless they are moving in friends or family."
"What do you mean?" He asks her, getting up to go look he see three buff college age guys unloading a U-Haul, gym shorts and no shirts all sweaty. Thinking to himself, 'yeah bet she enjoyed that!'
It is not long when another truck pulls up; backing across their front yard and three more young men pile out and start unloading beds and furniture into the four-bedroom house. He walks into the kitchen where Gina is putting up the things she just bought, "You should change into your old cropped tank top and shorts and go give them a hand."
"Stop, besides they are way too young for me," she slaps his arm as she puts some can goods in the pantry.
Over the next few weeks they exchange, 'Hi's, good evening's, etc,' they seem like well-mannered guys and are courteous to everyone so far with their three vehicles and limited parking, mostly parking behind the house in the community center parking lot that butts up to there backyard.
One very hot and humid evening John comes home to see Gina in their front yard talking to two of the guys. It was obvious she had been in the process of bringing the trashcan up to the house when either they stopped her, or she asked them something. She is in one of her very old, modified miniskirts she had not worn in years. She was also wearing a cropped white button up shirt that was tied at the bottom, and bare foot. I am thinking they stopped her for a closer and extended look.
John just waves and carries his things into the house, having homework to do this week for a class he was taking on-line. He heads to the bedroom to get out of his work clothes when he hears her come inside a bit later.
"So, what did ya find out?" Looking her over himself, the mini skirt she is wearing has the belt line cut away showing off a little bit more of her almost flat tanned midriff and a few extra inches cut off the bottom with fared stings hanging down, exposing more of her tanned thighs. He loved it when she used to wear this one out clubbing.
You see John loves showing her off and is in no way jealous when other people are checking her out.
In addition, her white top, a few extra buttons undone and her breasts moving freely under the top, yeah that was it, no bra to restrain them under the top. She has lite pink nipples, so they do not really show through very well, it is a Celtic thing!
She laughs, "I know what you're thinking, but they stopped me! Kevin said they are having a party Friday evening after their ball game at the college; they all play baseball for RSU." The College is down a few exits on the Interstate.
"They just wanted us to be aware and they have told everyone to park in the Civic Center parking area."
"Did they invite you?"
She laughed, "Noooooo, well yeah, but I am I'm too old for those babies."
"Cougars are never too old! Especially one as hot as you!" He assures her.
They had their party, front yard, back yard, all packed with college kids, and several high schoolers they assumed, some of those young ladies looked a bit too young, but they shut it down a bit after midnight.
The next morning, they were headed to the lake with friends and had gotten up a bit early. John was laughing after Gina called him to the window as they watched one of the guys who still appeared to stagger a bit, in his boxers dragging a trash bag cleaning up the street before the rest of the neighbors woke up. They both got a new respect for them after that.
When they got home, there were three of the guys on the front porch drinking beer, well if you want to call it beer, it was Budweiser. John smiled to himself looking over at Gina wearing only her bikini. Luckily it was her blue one, a bit more modest choice of her lake bikini's, the cups do cover a bit more than half of her 36D's, but still a lot of cleavage, and the bottoms are a cut between Rio cut and thong. "You want a towel" he ask her.
She just grins as she opens her door stepping out the car, John just watched as one of them elbows another one. "Hi guys!" She waves as she collects her things from the back seat bending a bit with her ass towards them and heads inside.
"OMG did you see them staring, they weren't even discreet about it!" She giggles.
"Baby your ass is on display and your about to fall out that top, what do you expect?"
He kisses her, guiding her hand to his crotch, "and I liked watching you tease them baby!"
"Stop!!!" As she heads to get a shower and rinse off the lake water and sweat.
The guy's had lived next doors for a few months, when on a Wednesday evening John comes home to Gina washing her Explorer in the front yard. Today she is wearing her very old jean high school shorts and her yellow Wicked Weasel bikini top. Two of the guys are watching her, sipping beers and sodas. Now these shorts are old, very old, old as in from her high school days old; very faded and tattered, has several holes and very worn.
Worn to the point her ass cheeks are mostly exposed at the stringy tattered bottom, they had just worn away from years of wear and washing, all the way up to the back pockets. The seams up the sides have gradually let loose over the years a bit, 'she used to call them her concert shorts back in the day'; along with a few holes here and there, to the point you can tell there is nothing under the shorts.
The crotch had worn away to nothing but about 3 inches of narrow seam left disappearing into her butt crack, but they cannot see that, well I say they can't.
When she used to wear them to concerts and such, when not sitting very lady like, she was showing off more than she should, and loved the attention is would draw.
If you know Wicked Weasel, you would know most of the tops are too small,
unlined and sheer. Her nipples are hard and visible through the material, way more than should be for the front yard, her side boobs and cleavage are on display; this top almost covers her lite pink areolas if they are relaxed, luckily, or not, that's not the case at the moment.
John goes in and start to fix dinner, and he gets to watch her showing off for the guy's next doors. When he goes to check on her after getting the pasta started, the guys are helping her. Her top has gotten wet, so it is now completely see-thru, as in transparent and she is eating up the attention from the younger guys. He just leaves her to her friends as he finishes the sauce. He hears her telling them, "I'll ask and see if he wants too and let you guys know!"
A bit later, she comes in with her empty bucket and rags, "Ask what? Damn you look fucking hot baby!" her nipples are hard and poking through her wet, almost invisible top. He wraps his arms around her and kisses her, reaching back untying her top."
"Baby the front door is open!" They have a glass storm door that could allow people to see into the living room and kitchen with the door open.
"They just saw everything and you're worried now?"
"No they didn't, I had my top on! And besides I told you to buy a new hose, ours has a hole in it." she giggles.
As he pulls the top over her head, the pasta boils over, "Shit!"
She turns and walks down the hall to get out her wet shorts, "And the guys are having a small party Saturday night down at Spanky's by the college, asked if we wanted to stop by, I told them maybe!"
Gina comes back down the hall in one of her short button up, thin strap sundresses. "Do we have any wine to go with the pasta tonight?" she asks.
"Not unless you bought more!" He replies.
He walks around the kitchen island and puts his arms around her neck kissing her. He can tell by her return kiss that she is a bit excited from showing off for the boy's next doors. He reaches down with his right hand and runs it up her thigh to find no panties and a very moist pussy.
"Why don't you run to Publix and get a few bottles, you have time, and I love your outfit by the way," as he releases the bottom two button to her dress, running his hand up and down her bare thighs and playing with her pussy lips.
"Can I have your keys, or should I ask one of the boys to take me? You have me blocked in."
He somewhat jokingly says, "Kevin is still out there, get me to take you!" He winks at her. "And if he is taking you..." He reaches up and release one more of the buttons at the top of her dress leaving it gapping open to just below her cleavage.
She laughs, "You want me to just go naked?"
"Oh no, you are just fine like this, and no buttoning up!" kissing her again, holding the back of her head.
"Well, I hope the straps stay up, it's unbuttoned a bit much don't you think?" she says wanting reassurance.
He just smiles knowing how hot this new game is making her, "Tell me about it when you get back!" handing her his debit card.
She smirks at him, grabs her bag stuffing the card inside and heads out the door,
"Hay Kevin, my cars blocked in, can you run me up to Publix in your Jeep?" He hears her calling out.
Kevin just stares at her watching her walking across the yard, her upper thighs peeking out the opening at the bottom and her huge boobs moving freely under the loose partially unbutton dress top. He just smiles telling her, "Anywhere you wanta go, I'm your chauffer!"
John had forgotten he drives an old open CJ 5 Jeep; he could feel things moving in his shorts thinking about the possibilities on that drive to the store.
John was able to finish dinner, set the table and was on his third drink when he heard the jeep finally coming back down the street a good forty-five minutes later.
As they pulled up, Gina's right strap is hanging down her arm and it appears a good bit of her right boob is exposed. She is giggling when she climbs out, thanking him for the ride.
When she comes through the front door, both straps back in place, he sees another button at the top of her dress is undone, leaving it open to well below where her bra would have shown, had she been wearing one. "Musta been a fun ride?"
"You have no idea, we ended up at 'The Wine Cellar' instead, I didn't want to go to Publix dressed like this in case I ran into some one we know. And it was a longer ride!" she giggles.
"Well tell me about the ride, did you manage to stay in your dress?"
She smiles at him "You really want to know?"
"You know I do, or I wouldn't have sent you dressed like that with him!"
"Wellllll.... Getting into the jeep wasn't so bad, I managed to keep it all in place, I think, he may have gotten a peek down my top. But as soon as we left the neighborhood the wind blew the dress open at the bottom, one too many buttons undone by someone, but I left it like you said," She giggles again.
"And" He asks.
She gives him an evil grin, "I pretended not to notice. We just kept chatting, he is so funny, and I asked him to take me to The Wine Cellar instead."
"So you had to take the Interstate?" his heart skipped a beat. "Holy shit baby! And your dress is open..."
"Open almost to my hips," she finishes his sentence laughing. "And the wind was whipping my hair into my face, the top open and closed flashing a lot of my cleavage. Kevin, he smiled and watched the whole way there. It was wild being able to look up and see the truckers faces smiling down at me with no top on his jeep."
"And the extra button, I see one more is undone?" adjusting himself knowing this kid just got an eye full of his wife's smooth bare pussy and big tits.
"That happened on the way back, I might have helped it though, is that ok, you didn't say anything about unbuttoning?"
He gives her a 'Really' look, thinking back to the old days when she would show off for him at the slightest suggestion.
"As we were about to get back on the interstate, he asked if we could run up to his friend's house near the college to get something. But I knew it was just to enjoy the view a little longer and I am sure to show me off to them."
"And the button?" He asks again.
"As soon as we hit the ramp and he was looking back in the mirror to merge, I undid it so I could excite you, knowing you would want all the details, well and Kevin, and also the truckers I was about to flash too! As soon as the wind whipped up my hair it covered my face again and the left strap dropped to my elbow. I was trying to keep my hair out my face, soooooo" she laughed. "I acted like I didn't realize it."
"So you fixed it after you got the hair out your face?"
She just grinned, "I knew you wouldn't want me too, so I left it."
"Oh Baby, and what was showing?" He asked her, adjusting himself.
She reached up and slid the strap off letting it drop to her elbow, exposing her entire right boob. "That!"
"Oh baby that's so fucking hot! I hope you enjoyed it!"
She still had the big smile on her face, "If I hadn't of, I wouldn't have left it like that until we got back here."
"Wait, you went to his friend's house like that too?"
Smiling she tells him, "I did cover up some when all the guys at the frat house came out to talk to Kevin, but there was still a lot of me on display."
"Ok, so you flashed everyone on the interstate, your boobs and your pussy and you let the college kids ogle you at a frat house?"
"No just one boob, I think, well the strap stayed up anyway. When we got to the guys place, I did put the strap most of the way up" She giggles. "But it was difficult to cover up the bottom with the two buttons undone and me sitting down, you did tell me not to button back up, and I did what you told me."
"The guys were all staring me, so I asked one of them for a drink of his beer, and when I leaned forward and reached for it the strap fell again. You have no idea how slutty and hot I felt, just like when we were in college at a party! I just wanted them to see me, good thing you weren't there; I know you would have had me naked!" she laughed at him.
"So you sat there letting them see your pussy and your exposed boob? Did they try and touch you?" He asked as he slipped the other strap off letting the dress fall to the floor.
She just smiled, giving him a little shrug of her shoulders, and then said "No, they just enjoyed the view." John pulled her too him and start kissing her, groping her naked body in the kitchen. He turned her around and bent her over the table and quickly pushed into her, she was so wet it was one slow push.
It wasn't long after they finished and there was a knock at the open front door. Gina asked him to go see who it was. He laughed, reached down and tossed her the dress from the floor. "Here just cover up, it's probably just Kevin, with the wine you left in his jeep." Her mouth dropped open realizing she was so excited she forgot it.
She was so flushed and excited she just held the dress in place and went to the door to find Kevin and Josh there with her wine bottles. John just watched from the kitchen as she tried to hold the dress in place and take the two bottles. She finally just thanked them and grabbed one in each hand, with her dress in her right hand.
"Fuck Ms. Gina, your fucking killer!" John heard Josh say.
Then he heard Kevin say as they walked away, "I told you!"
They fucked two more times that night as she kept telling him how exciting it was being half-naked in front of those younger guys who were ogling her at her age.
For the rest of the week, she managed to behave for the most part, not sure, if she was embarrassed, or had second thoughts about what she had done. However, John did notice she was dressing down a lot more lately showing off more skin around the house, as she used to do so many years ago. Wearing only his white tank tops and that's it, he didn't mind it at all.
He was just hoping it lasted so he could enjoy the younger Gina he married.