When Henry got up in the morning Abigail was still gone and, as she anticipated, had surely spent the night comforting a distraught, Candy. He thought about talking to Charlie but he couldn't come up with any cogent argument that would rationalize what Candy did for a living and why the girls and Henry were close family.
The girls came of age together, and when their families failed them they turned to one another for care and love. That was the world they trusted and the fact that they embraced Henry humbled him. Regardless of how society viewed their profession, Henry knew these were good people and in his heart knew he'd found the love of his life In Abigail.
Henry struggled to find the words to give Charlie that would make him understand Candy better but it felt hopeless. Charlie would understand and accept the woman he professed to love or he would ask her to reject everything she knew.
Peer pressure, being difficult to overcome when a person is young, was pounding away, telling him she was nothing but a whore and that was it.
Henry felt sad for both of them.
***
By morning Candy's bed had become overloaded with caretakers. Everyone, including Lana, had piled into the mix of love and support. They talked and held her throughout the night, occasionally falling asleep.
When Henry peeked in he thought it looked like a football huddle where everyone had passed out. He softly closed the door and let them rest.
His job would be to manage appointments not knowing when they'd be back to form. The only thing he could do is organize their times and numbers and cancel as need be. Fortunately Edgar had shown up and was manning the backdoor in case of walk-ins.
There was only one person who refused to use the backdoor and that was the bank loan manager who had the attitude that Abigail owed him something special for approving her home loan with insufficient collateral. Once she revealed the source of her income he found something to take advantage of. Suddenly, she went from declined to approved as long as she serviced him once a month for free.
Henry never trusted him and this time sensed something was more off than normal.
"Mr. Billings!" said Henry, throwing him off balance, believing no one knew his name except Abigail. "What can we do for you? You're early for your regular appointment."
"I need to see Abigail right now." he said, slightly slurring his speech.
Day drinking.
"I'm afraid she's unavailable, right now," said Henry, gently mocking his last two words.
Edgar, somewhat following the conversation, positioned himself on the landing as a presence.
"Look, Henry," said Billings, "if you don't want that desk out on the fucking curb, get Abigail now."
From around Edgar she appeared, "It's alright, Henry, I'll take him."
"Are you sure, Abby?" said Henry, barely keeping his anger in check.
Henry followed them on the monitor. Billings said nothing as she took her clothes off. He shoved her back on the bed, dropped his pants and angrily fucked her until he was satisfied, leaving his cum in her.
He pulled up his pants and walked out the door. The whole act of sloppy dominance barely took 10 minutes.
As he was leaving, Henry stopped him, "Excuse me, Mr. Billings, just a couple things."
"Make it quick."
"It was generous of you to help Abigail with her loan but we have rules. She will continue to honor the arrangement you made but I would suggest, one, don't come in here without your wallet demanding anything other than your regular appointment. Two, all customers come and go through the backdoor and that includes you. And three, you'll respect everyone here because they don't deserve the brunt of your drunkenness."
"And who the fuck do you think you are?"
"With all due respect, sir, I'm the one who knows where you work, where you live and the name of your wife so if you want to continue enjoying this clandestine arrangement that makes your dick hard you'll honor these simple rules. Have a nice day."
Billings said nothing but notably left by the backdoor.
Abigail listened silently but when Billings left, "Are you sure you should have said that?"
"Absolutely. He was beginning to cross the line and I had to remind him of where the line was. Believe me, if I didn't do that he'd be back for more and he's already getting more than he deserves."
"I guess you're right."
"How's Candy?"
"She's doing better but as with anything like this it will take time. Everyone said such beautiful things to her, it was amazing, that is before we all conked out."
"This seems an out of place question but do you want me to keep your 1pm appointment with Mr. Down and Dirty? I can reschedule him and you could give that potty mouth of yours a rest."
"No, I'll take him. I actually like dirty talk. I have a secret goal and that's to get a guy to bust a nut without touching me and without touching himself. I'll bet I can do it."
"Abby, I swear sometimes I don't know who you are," he said smiling.
"That's easy, I'm the sexy bitch you're going to marry," she said kissing him.
From Edgar at the backdoor, "What? You're getting married?"
From Lana's bedroom, "They're getting married?"
"Oh, no..." said Henry.
Then they heard Ginger's voice on the stairwell, "Who's getting married?"
Farther away they heard Candy, "Someone's getting married?"
Everyone came down to the greeting room...
Henry was trying to downplay the news for Candy's sake but there was no more hiding it, "We wanted to pick a better time to tell you guys but Abigail did a foolish thing and agreed to marry me!"
Everyone yelled and cheered, jumping all over them, hugging and kissing. "Where's the ring?" "I'm so happy for you guys!" "This is fantastic!!"
Candy spoke above the others and everyone stopped.
"You mean you purposely didn't tell us right away so you didn't hurt my feelings? You guys...you didn't have to do that. I love both of you so much it makes me crazy happy that you're getting married..."
Everyone was silent and tearing up.
Abigail broke the silence. "Candy, would you be my maid of honor?"
"Absolutely! But," looking at the other girls, "I was wondering, because that's a lot of responsibility for one person..."
Abigail got it and nodded, "Ginger, would you also be my maid of honor?"
"Yes! I'd love to."
"And Lana, my newest sister, if it doesn't weird you out too much considering who the groom is, (everybody laughed) would you also be my maid of honor?"
"Life sure is strange sometimes," said Lana, "but I feel blessed that you'd even think of me. You know how much I care for you both so, yes."
Abby opened her arms and took them into a group hug for the longest time.
Henry slipped out and went next door to retrieve her ring from the nightstand. Upon his return they were still hugging until Henry asked Abigail if they could properly "do this?"
"Yes, Henry, and I promise not to hide in the bathroom this time."
"In front of my wonderful family," he said, emotionally having a hard time getting the words out, "I...ask you, my lovely Abigail, if you would marry me?"
Teasing him a bit, "Weeeelllllll, I've been thinking about this and...," she said hesitating for dramatic effect, "yes, I love you, Henry."
Amidst the applause and laughter, Henry said, "I love you too, now, Miss Potty Mouth, get upstairs, Mr. Down and Dirty will be here in thirty minutes."
***
When Edgar opened Abigail's door, ushering in Mr. Down and Dirty, he was surprised to find her fully clothed and reading a book.
She looked up, "Not today, not interested."
"I'm here to fuck you, you withholding bitch. Get naked and let's do this!"
"Make me..."
"Oh I don't have to make you, you hot piece of ass. I'll bet you're pussy is wet already."
"Maybe, but not for you."
Edgar, titillated by the tension, absentmindedly froze in the doorway watching them, forgetting to leave.
"Edgar!" she said menacingly, "get over here and fuck me or I'll cut your balls off with a nail file!
Edgar, still frozen, didn't know what to do. Was she serious? He was completely aroused but nervously shaking.
She put the book down, stood up and teasingly took her clothes off. Sitting back down in the chair she spread her legs on the armrests. "Now you," she said to Down and Dirty, "can watch me fuck a real man...and I can guarantee there won't be," and she put her forefinger between her lips and pulled it out with a pop, "any leftovers."
"You nasty bitch." said Down and Dirty
"Edgar...wanna play?" she teased.
"Stay right there, Edgar. I paid for this cunt and I'm gonna get what I paid for."
Down and Dirty quickly disrobed and a full erection fell out of his shorts. She smiled, "Mmmmmmm, you think you can handle me with that? Edgar, I'll fuck you later after I get rid of this guy."
Edgar backed out of the door and ran down the stairs to set up in front of his monitor. He had no intention of missing the action.
In the greeting room the same was happening except Lana was watching the show over Henry's shoulder. "God she's good. I'm getting a little turned on."
"Me too," said Henry, dick in hand.
In the monitor Down and Dirty filled the opening between her legs, covering her tiny frame and talking nonstop, "Take more of my cock, bitch!" He fucked her so hard the chair kept tipping backward, "Fuck me good, you bastard!" she said, only making him bang her harder.
"So you like it, whore? You like me fucking your whore pussy?"
"Ya, mutherfucker, give me that cock."
"Uhhhhh, uhnnnnnn, bitch, uhnnnnnn!"
"Fuck your bad girl! Uhnnnnnn!!! Make me cum, baby!! Uhnnn, uhnnn, uhnnn Fuuuuccckkk!!!!!
As she came, the chair finally tipped on its back. Down and Dirty kept his footing and standing over her he ejaculated on her face.
Simultaneously, Edgar came at his monitor and...
Lana masturbated while Henry masturbated, both of them cumming when Down and Dirty's spunk hit Abigail.
"Fucking bastard," said Abby.
"Nasty bitch," said Down and Dirty.
Smiling, he kissed her and walked to the door. "See you in two weeks?"
"Absolutely," she said, "and if you don't show up I'll come and find you."
When Down and Dirty had gone, Abby came downstairs to the greeting room where stood a rogue's gallery of voyeurs. They stared at her until Henry said, "I think we all owe you for an hour. That was so hot I forgot you were my fiancé."
"Edgar," she said, "I'm so sorry I dragged you into that situation. I'll make it up to you."
"It's okay, you can drag me anytime," he said.
"Abby," said Lana, "I don't know whether to be in awe of you or ask you out on a date."
Abby giggled with mock embarrassment, "Lana, I thought we decided to keep that between us."
"Okay, you two," urged Henry, "back to work." Then he paged Candy and Ginger to come down.
On her way upstairs Abigail passed Edgar's station and took him by the shirt collar, "Come with me." She took him to her room, closed the door, pulled down his pants and sucked his dick back to life, stopping only to thank him for helping her. "Does that feel good, baby?" He was so excited, he lasted only a quick few minutes and she stuck out her tongue and took his load.
"Oh god, Abby. Oh man alive...that was wonderful. Thank you, thank you. Anytime you need help...wow...Abby, you're so beautiful...wow..."
He babbled on until Abby, having to get ready for her next appointment, kissed him on the cheek and suggested he get back to his station. She could still hear him thanking her all the way downstairs.
Candy and Ginger came down to talk to Henry about scheduling. "I've got a couple coming in about an hour and they want two girls and you are the only ones with scheduling space, so here's the fetish;
"She's in her early fifties and he's around twenty-nine. Even though they're married he has a thing for fucking younger girls, duh, AND happily his wife likes watching AND likes getting, ahem, tended to while she does so. Her name's Diana and he's Billy. So are you girls up for this one or do you want to pass? I know you had a long night.
"I'm in," said Candy, "it'll take my mind off of things."
"I'm in if Candy is, so I guess we're good to go."
"Great!"
"Are you going to watch us on the monitor?" asked Candy.
"Are you kidding? I wouldn't miss this one for anything. In fact, I'm going to go make some popcorn right now."
Candy called out, "Weirdo."
From the kitchen, "Man I love this job!"
***
Diana led the way and, like a poodle on a leash, Billy followed, knowing he'd eventually get fed. Their relationship was odd but like all other relationships as long as both parties got what they needed from one another, all would be well. This was one of those.
By anyone's standards Diana was a gorgeous blonde and it was not as frequent but Billy would flash out for a couple of cocks to devour his wife while he enjoyed the scenery. They began seeking amateur playmates, mostly for Billy; bar pickups, grocery store pickups, sometimes off the street. However, it became clear that, because of their endless appetite for pretty girls, this was a job for professionals.
"Before I pay," she informed Henry, "I want to see the girls."
Summoned, they posed in lingerie on the landing and Billy absentmindedly playing with his package was the seal of approval. "He likes his balls licked and reserves the option of putting his cock in any available hole. I, on the other hand, like a girl who knows how to eat pussy. Capiche, girls?"
"I think you'll be very happy with Candy and Ginger," pointed out Henry. "I can personally attest to their talents."
The girls took Diana and Billy to Ginger's room. Billy grabbed Candy's ass going up the stairs causing her to jump a little. "Ooooo, Billy. Can't wait for a piece of Candy?"
Upon entering the room, Diana rearranged the furniture so she could sit and watch Billy go off on Candy. At least, that's how it broke down initially, except Billy expressed an interest in taking on both girls. "They're so delicious, Di, how about I fuck both of them and then you take one?"
"You greedy sonofabitch. Okay, but not for long. I'm going to be extra horny watching you fuck them."
Together the girls got Billy naked, dropped to their knees and voraciously went after his fairly impressive cock. They moved in tandem like a machine and Diana played with herself in the chair.
"Ohhhh, shit, that is nice, very nice," he moaned, their saliva covering his dick. They rose up together and pushed him back on the bed, Candy still working his shaft and Ginger sucking on his nipples. "Ahhhhhhhhhh" Ginger kissed him deeply.
"Fuck them, Billy!" said an aroused Diana, "I wanna see my husband balls deep in these wenches. Fuck 'em, birthday boy!"
Candy straddled his cock and twerked her ass, "Happy birthday, Billy," as she buried his stiffy in her ample rear end. He sucked her tits hanging in front of him and occasionally laid a sloppy kiss on her.
In a jarring move, Candy jumped off and just as he was starting to complain, Ginger had guided his dick in her, furiously pumping him. "Happy birthday, baby."
Ginger looked back over her shoulder and Candy was down in front of the chair eating Diana. "Oh fuuuuccckkk, girl. Uhhhhhhnnnn, oh god, right there, honey. Move that tongue, girl."
Billy had reversed and put Ginger in doggy position. With a crack of the hand across her buttocks he slammed his cock in her juicy slit and hit it hard enough to shake the lamp off the nightstand.
Ginger, note to self: 'Tack down nightstand lamp'.
"Fuck her brains out, birthday boy!" yelled a well taken care of, Diana. "Oh, Candy, I'm cumming again, baby!!"
The banging, grinding, hair pulling and pussy play went on for another half hour before Billy, with a satisfied grunt, left rivers of cum across Ginger's back. Billy fell back on the bed, exhausted.
"How are you, BD boy?" Leaning over him she started to sing softly, "Horny birthday to you, horny birthday to you..."
"Fuuuuuuuuuccccccccckkkkkkk, Caanndddyyy!!!!!" Diana's body was covered with an orgasmic blanket, shivering in waves.
"God, Candy," raved an excited Diana, "you're an artist."
When Diana and Billy got downstairs, they immediately made appointments for the following week but this time Diana added in a separate date with Candy alone.
"Maybe I'm Bi and didn't know it but I want more Candy. That beautiful bitch drove me nuts. She took me to happy land so many times I didn't want to leave."
Sounding like a greeting card, Henry said, "We're glad you enjoyed your visit and look forward to serving you in the future."
At the same time, Abby and Lana appeared on the landing to meet their next appointments. The rule was if there were customers present you had to pose even if they weren't there for you. "Holy fuck, they're gorgeous too. Can we have them all next time?"
"Billy, keep in mind who's picking up the tab for all that pussy."
Under the heading of 'too much information', Billy said, "You knew I had expensive tastes when you married me."
Trying to manage the situation, Henry said, "Abigail and Lana are available if you want them too."
"Okay, okay," Diana said, "all four. Might make a fun orgy."
As they were leaving, Diana hesitated, walked back and kissed Candy on the lips. "You were spectacular. Thanks again."
After they'd gone Henry said, lighthearted, "Well somebody's got quite the admirer."
"Well, at least I'm pleasingly someone," her sarcasm missed by no one and she started to walk away.
"Candy," he said gently, "Can I talk to you alone?" Instinctively, everyone left the room. He pulled up a chair opposite his and she sat down. "What? Are you giving me detention?"
"I know you're angry but please listen to me. I say this with all my heart. I know you're hurting right now but consider that when I met all of you my life was clinging to shit. I couldn't figure out anything. I failed to live up to my own expectations. Lana rightfully lost faith in me. I lost faith in me. I was a rudderless person trying to have a life.
"Then you girls moved in and it felt like everything was upside down. I absolutely didn't know what to do. I was, as Lana put it, living in my head and I'll tell you, it's lonely in my fucking head.
"Then a beautiful woman kept coming over and climbing into bed with me every night, not for sex but for comfort and peace. Something drove her to do that even though she didn't know me well. And when she curled up next to me each night I, for once, questioned nothing in my head about it. I just put my arms around her and held her close until we fell asleep.
"I don't know if she realized it at the time but Abby was teaching me something about getting out of my head and opening my heart.
"There's nothing conventional about our love story, in fact, it's filled with unexpected oddities and surprises that neither one of us saw coming. There's no established pattern to follow in our union and if my assumption is correct, there will be nothing conventional about you finding love either.
"We're not conventional people but, Candy, you...you shine the brightest light...and love will come to you when you least expect it. I know it."
He held her hands for a long while. Her chin rested on her chest and she sobbed, exorcising a love lost.
***
On the walk back home at day's end, Abby asked Henry what he told Candy.
"Nothing much, just that things don't always work out, especially when you really want them to. I used us as an example of how the unexpected creeps into your life when you're NOT looking for it. I told her how special she is."
"That was very sweet of you. How'd she take it?"
"She cried...a lot."
"She's grieving."
"I did what I thought would help."
"You know, Henry, you're going to make someone a good husband yet."
"I hope it's you."