"So," I said to Ryan at dinner, "would you like to hear a fun story?"
He was clearly more invested in the food but tossed me a bone. "Sure," he said still chewing, "whaddya got?"
"I went back to the park."
Not actually listening, "What park?"
"The park where you took me dogging."
That got his complete attention, "What?! You went there alone?"
"Not quite."
"C'mon, Chrissy, did Dave take you there?!"
"No, but you're getting closer," I said, thoroughly enjoying the tease and slight panic on his face.
"Steve?! Bill?! Did goddamn Bill take you there?"
"No! What makes you think I need a man to go to the park? I drove." The tease enjoyment had worn off. "I took Janey," and let it lay there like a mic drop on stage.
"Holy shit! You two girls went dogging?"
"Yup"
"Did Janey...you know...."
"Yup"
"So you and she..."
"Yup. Do you want the details now or upstairs after dinner?"
"I want to skip the rest of dinner and go upstairs now. I've got a huge fucking boner." And to prove it, when he stood up from the chair his bulge caught on the edge of the table.
I thought he might be angry about going without him but his arousal made him forgive and forget faster than a flashing fetish.
We got naked, into bed and as I recounted our adventure scene by scene he fucked me continuously, saying things like, "Oh, baby, that's amazing" and "What did Janey wear?"
Remembering the events made me equally as hot and I came just about the time in the story where my black friend fucked me on the hood of the car, lifting me up on my toes like a ballerina. I couldn't say it to Evan but it was one of the best fucks I'd ever had. I hoped he'd be there when I went back.
When the story ended and Evan emptied his sack in my pussy he asked if we all could go back soon.
"I'll see if I can fit you in," I cracked. Seriously, "You like to watch your wife take cock that much?"
"Oh god, yes. I went nuts watching you fuck guys at that park. Sitting right next to you!!"
"What about when Dave fucked me? You didn't try to stop him. Didn't you feel jealous?"
"Ya, it was a little jarring having my best friend just take my wife like he owned you but my cock got harder than ever."
"I love you," I said, "and I'm not going anywhere but I need to tell you something important about my submissiveness. Remember that when I submit to a another man, for the time he has me, I belong to him."
"I get it, Chrissy. I love you too. I totally understand. It feels somewhat weird just because of the last five years of boring sex. I guess it's good to get to know the person you're married to."
I felt like we were finally together. I also thought I was lucky to have someone who accepted my kink or I would still be hiding it. At least for now, we were in sync. I hoped it would stay that way.
"It's good to stop pretending," I said, "for you and for me. You secretly wished for a wife you could share and now you've got one."
"Wow! And what a looker she is..."
"Oh stop...you're just trying to get in my pants."
***
I called Janey after (ahem) dinner to see if and what she told Dave.
"Well, girlfriend, how'd it go?"
"I told him everything and he just sat there with his mouth open. For some reason, even though he asked me to do this in the first place, I think he never thought I would. He kept saying, "'You really let them fuck you?'"
"It sounds like his fantasy met his reality head on."
There was a pregnant pause in the conversation and then, "Chrissy, the other night when the guys took you dogging did...did Dave fuck you?"
I saw no point in lying or giving her a distorted story because this was a twisted path we were on and nothing but the truth would serve us well.
"Yes. He got out of the car and lined up with the voyeurs to do me...right in front of Evan I might add."
"Thank you. I knew you'd give me the straight story. What did Evan think about that?"
"He admitted it was weird but, then again, he got very aroused and even came while we were doing it. Sorry, Janey."
"Don't be. I knew he'd go after you if he got a chance."
"You're not mad at me?"
"No. I sent him to go with you guys and I was pretty sure he'd do that. I think I was testing him...and myself.
That's why I went with you the other night. I didn't expect to like it but I did. Now I want to go back. I know what Dave says he wants but I hope he's ready for what he's going to get."
"Oooooo, Janey, you little sexpot. Well here's a tidbit to boost your ego, from my conversation with Evan while we were having sex. He specifically asked me what you were wearing at the park. Apparently, you have an admirer."
"Maybe I should dump Dave and make a play for your husband."
They laughed together like sisters.
"But Janey, I'll warn you, he leaves his used socks on the floor."
***
I was really anxious to return to the park but was worried about it becoming an all consuming obsession. No matter the time of day I would get wet fantasizing about strangers having their way with me. The thoughts would not stop coming.
Evan had his version of the same kinky obsession. His addled sex soaked brain kept coming up with ways to turn me over to any cock walking down the street. We'd be shopping at the mall and he'd do a scouting report on passersby's who would check me out, "Oh boy, did you catch that guy locked in on your ass. He'd fuck you in a second." He noticed more things than I did.
"That guy with the blonde hair up ahead, he's turned around about four times for a look at you...oh, there he did it again. You want me to talk to him?"
"What guy are you talking about?" I'd say, honestly not seeing what Evan was seeing.
"That guy...about nine people ahead of us!! Right there, that guy!!" he'd say pointing. Embarrassed, I'd pull his arm down.
"Are you my husband or my manager?"
"No, seriously, you're my hotwife, I'd like to watch you fuck him in the restroom?"
By the time we got home we forgot everything we went there for because all Evan wanted was to people watch and then he got me doing it too. One plus from that was our sex at home. While he was pumping me he'd talk about the different mall guys we saw and what he thought they'd like to do to me. It was nothing more than dirty talk but I loved it.
***
We planned a double dogging date with Dave and Janey. We hitched a ride with Dave because he had a dark blue step van with room enough to handle two sex crazed couples and their invitees. It was never clear why Dave had a step van. We could see no connection between the van and his work. It had a small bed in the back, extra fold back seating and big windows with shades. Dave said it was for camping but Evan and I never saw any evidence that they took any camping trips.
I asked Janey about the step van once and all she said was, "He just thought it would be cool to have a tricked out step van. It gave him a hobby."
Whatever, it came in handy for what we were planning. The windows were so large that, for voyeurs it would be like going to a drive-in movie theater.
Janey wore something simple but effective. A short royal blue spandex dress with plunging neckline and no underwear except a G-string. Nude thigh high stockings with black lace accents and calf high gray boots. Her nipples were clearly outlined beneath the spandex. She was smoking hot with 'easy entry'.
I wore a candy apple red bustier, my tits on display, resting on the underwire cups, ready to be played with. A short black skirt that advertised my welcoming ass, frilly ankle socks and a pair of patent leather Mary Janes. Everything together made a 'fuck me' statement.
I was worried we might get in an accident since Dave's eyes were mostly looking at me in the mirror. I glanced at Evan and his radar was locked in on Janey's legs. It made me wonder if they'd planned some kind of wife swap Janey and I didn't know anything about.
We pulled into the park and there were roughly the same number of cars as last time. This area of the park had no outlet and was dense enough so that outsiders were disinterested in having a picnic. Lovers looking for a make-out hideaway quickly found themselves surrounded by lots of male neighbors with bigger plans and so moved on. Unless, of course, they came to perform and then were welcomed by the anxious doggers.
Before the van even stopped Evan had his cock out of its hiding place and in my capable hands. Dave and Janey stepped around us to sit on the bed. Janey pulled his cock out. Dave flashed the dome lights.
"Give 'em a show, baby...make them wish your lips were around their cocks. Oh, and you guys, (turning to us) the windows open out from the bottom if you're interested in making friends."
There were a couple guys stroking it at our window so we decided to play with them a little. Evan sat back and I moved closer to the window. "Show them your tits, Chrissy." I moved flush with the window and pressed my tits against the glass. Their jerking picked up intensity so I mimed sucking them.
From outside we heard, "You're a hottie. Let me touch them." Evan lifted the latch and pushed open the window. They reached out for my boobs that I had now placed in the opening. They groped and sucked them, one of the two lightly bit my nipple. I yelped but it felt good. I always loved that little touch of BDSM. The combination of pain and pleasure had always made me crazy horny. Seeing I liked it, the voyeur twisted my nipples.
Jerking himself, Evan the cheerleader said, "Do you want him to fuck you, baby?"
"Maybe..." I said, deliberately exciting the voyeur with the possibility. Of course I wanted him and he was dying to be let in but I toyed with him first to heighten the tension.
Right then we were distracted as Dave opened the back to a voyeur who mounted Janey's pussy from behind. She offered it up to him as he stood on the tailgate, pulling her towards him with one hand and holding on to the door frame with the other.
It was a precarious arrangement so Dave extended a hand to his guest and he was now on the bed with them and fucking his wife. "That's it, buddy, give it to her good...oh ya, baby you look delicious."
Dave and Evan were stroking it heavy watching Janey and her new friend. She was moaning and obviously loving it when he'd slap her ass. I found myself caught up in it too and stimulated myself as we made eye contact. God she was sexy.
Outside my window the voyeurs were wanting to get in. Wrapped up in Janey I'd almost forgotten they were there. "Evan, open the side door I wanna dance with somebody." Coming out of his Janey trance he popped open the door and the two voyeurs ran to the step up.
Evan got out of the way and the one that had bitten me was no sooner in the door before he buried his sizable cock in my pantyless wet slit. "Fuck, you feel as good as you look, slut," he said.
He was pumping me pretty good and as he twisted my nipples I came hard, losing my breath from the jolt of pain. "You want more of that, slut?"
"Yes, more! Fuck me more," I said.
My words emboldened him and he kept at it while asking Evan, "I'm fucking your bitch, do you like that?" With every word his balls smacked my ass and I could see that Evan was close to cumming.
"Yes," was all he said, his eyes locked on the act.
The visitor had one more barrage and he pulled out, spraying his semen all over my tits which prompted Evan to do the same. The first guy moved away and the other guy moved in.
He looked familiar but I couldn't figure out from where. This not knowing drove me insane. I jerked him to make sure he was nice and hard. He put his hands on my hips and stuck me so forcefully I again lost my breath for a moment.
He felt fantastic in me but I had two different feelings going at the same time where I only wanted one. I was lost in him using me but couldn't shake the anxiety that I knew this person and fucking strangers was all about anonymity.
"Fuck, Chrissy, I fantasize about doing you every time you come in and here I am riding that fine pussy."
Shit, he knew my name.
I went through a memory bank worth of men who had done little to conceal their lust for me. For a woman it's business as usual. I get checked out nearly every day, usually looking at my ass first. I like it in general but it was frustrating not to remember someone who remembered me. Sometimes you see someone out of the place you know them from and the brain gets slightly confused.
And now his dick was shoved up my wet cunt. Then...
"Chrissy, I want to fuck you in the ass."
I couldn't say no, ever. I just wanted him to take whatever he desired. It was what drove me. It was hell for the years I hid the urges but I was free again in all my glory. I loved to be handled.
"Fuck me, baby," was all I said.
This talk had brought Evan's rod back to life and watching us he jerked himself frantically.
My mystery man went down on me, rimming my anus as a preface to penetration. We had no lube (wouldn't make that mistake again) so he used as much saliva as possible. When he pushed open my hole with the head of his dick there was some initial discomfort but once in and in motion I felt that overwhelming surge that always preceded my orgasms.
Even though he was big, bigger than Evan, his stroke was smooth and just as my orgasm exploded it came to me...
Randy!!!
"Oh fuck that feels spectacular...fuck me, baby."
Randy was the manager of the automotive repair shop we took our cars to. He was always complimenting something I was wearing and even though his wife was in the accounting office 25 feet away he'd flirt shamelessly.
"You know, Chrissy, you have great legs," he would say in a low voice.
"Now Randy, what if you're wife heard you say that?" I'd good naturally chide him, all the while loving the attention.
"One of these days, pretty lady, one of these days," he would say.
It was a veiled proposition, but I'd relieve the tension by laughing it off as I left the shop. All the while he stared intensely at my rear...
...and now here he was with his cock in my ass. As I moaned he leaned into my ear, "I've been dreaming of this for a long time. We need to make some arrangements." Keep in mind he boldly said this in front of Evan.
"Cum in my ass, baby."
And he did, in surging waves which caused me to cum with him. His pulsating cock triggered a rolling orgasm that went on and on. I was on a cloud.
Evan stood over me and ejaculated again, splattering my buttocks while Randy was still in me. It was then I realized that Evan didn't recognize him either until Randy looked up at Evan and then they had a mini boys club meeting.
"Thanks for letting me fuck Chrissy. Would you mind if we did this again? I can't get enough of her."
"Free oil change?" said Evan trying to be funny.
"Free everything for a regular run at little Chrissy here. You bring her to the shop any day and I'll take her to my private office in the back and you can watch."
Evan looked at me for guidance and I nodded. "I guess we'll be dropping by."
"Great!" Pulling up his pants he said, "I better get home before my wife finds out I wasn't at the bowling alley."
I looked over and Janey had yet another couple voyeurs fucking her and I ended up with two more before we left the park. I was covered with with cum on top of cum but we got smart this time and brought wet-naps.
Dave was excited as hell over Janey's performance. "Man, did you see my girl in action? She sucked and fucked her way through half the park! Did you have fun, baby?"
"I loved every second of it, babe."
***
On the drive home Janey and I lounged on the bed in the back. "I still can't believe I'm into this," she said, "you're the only one I can talk with about it."
"I get you, girl. Ever since I came out in college it's been a lonely club and sometimes I still feel like a freak...even for fantasizing about it. I have to make a point of reminding myself that I'm just different and not everyone likes the same thing. There's plenty of women out there like me. Hell, it's just not something anybody talks about."
"Chrissy, you look like candy...I was wondering...if you'd touch me."
"Sure, gorgeous...does this work?"
"Uhnnnnnnnn, Chrissy...oh god that's good...don't stop..."