I really can't explain it. There's just something about him that I've been attracted to like a moth to a flame. The moth knows it's dangerous, he's seen all his friends go there and never come back, or come back badly burned or without wings. Yet the moth is still drawn to that flame every single time. Is it because he likes the idea that he might get burned? Or it is because he wants to experience something new that he's only watched from afar?
Danny Bridges has always been my flame. We met in high school, and had an on-again, off-again fling that would stick with me forever. He was the typical emotionally unavailable guy, not quite a popular kid but always seemed to have friends in the circles that ran our high school. I was more of a nerd, sticking to my friends and our advanced English classes. It was a typical girl-wants-boy-but-boy-doesn't-know-girl-exists story. See any Taylor Swift song for reference.
After a breakup with my long-term boyfriend, a fellow nerd, I knew I would regret it for the rest of my life if I never pursued Danny, who I stared at from across the class on a daily basis. Finally, I worked up the courage to message him on Facebook, asking if he wanted to "hang out" sometime. I knew this phrase meant a lot of things to a lot of people, but when he messaged back agreeing that it would be fun (which I hoped meant not only did he know I existed, but also liked me). We met up a few weeks later after many eager messages from me and many long silences from him.
I don't remember all the details, but our "hanging out" quickly lead to making out, which quickly lead to blowjobs for him and fingering for me. He maintained his mystery persona by barely messaging me, only hanging out with me at night, and never ever so much as acknowledging me at school.
This hurt my badly deep down, but I figured this was a typical "hook up" situation. I had never had a casual sexual relationship before, and everything I saw on TV confirmed that the late nights and awkward interaction in public was just part of the hook up. I told myself the reason I always pursued him was because I was a strong, 21st century woman. Danny and I hooked up on and off for three years between my serious relationships. I lusted for him and his mysterious ways, rough but gentle at the same time. I knew he wasn't the man who would buy me roses and sweep me off my feet, but pure lust satisfied me at the time, Danny was the perfect rebound guy.
He introduced me to new sexual worlds. I had always enjoyed having risky sex- where it was just dangerous enough to turn me on more than I had ever been- so we had sex in public every time. We steamed up the windows of my tiny sedan and explored each other on the floor of his big white truck. Since I knew the relationship would never become serious, I opened up to him and shed all my self-doubt. All my body issues disappeared when I was with him, I forgot about my hipbones and bony shoulders, which had stuck out awkwardly since I could remember.
Fast forward to 2013. After a breakup with yet another long-term boyfriend, I was more than ready to feel the lust I had always felt with Danny. I met up with him on a warm spring night, meeting up in a grocery store parking lot and sitting in my car. We had both gained weight since high school, my breasts and hips had filled out and I could feel his eyes on my now-D-cup breasts, peeping out the soft blue dress I had purposefully chosen. His shoulders had rounded out and his arms were bulging from his plaid shirt.
After what felt like hours of awkward small talk, I could no longer pretend not to notice him stealing furtive glances at my breasts. Finally I broke the tension, "Do you want to touch them?" shivers raced through my body as I tentatively turned towards him. He finally allowed himself to stare at my breasts, drinking them in like a thirsty man having his first gulp of water. He carefully reached across and gave my right breast a quick squeeze. "Wow" was all he said as he got bolder and started stroking my left breast.
I was at a loss for words as he began to move back into his old routine, squeezing and rolling my nipples while I tried my best to contain the moans that were welling up inside me. I didn't want to be the first to show my poker face, to let on that my legs were soaked from the juices flowing from my pussy.
Danny is the only person who had ever have that kind of effect on me. All the blood had rushed to my pussy. Just when I was about to lose my composure and let out the screaming moans building inside me, he stopped his gentle strokes. "Do you want to go somewhere?"
I was so weak from the hormones rushing through my body that at that moment I probably would have agreed to do anything. I nodded quickly and he directed me to a nearby park. I allowed myself a quick glance at his crotch, shivering with pleasure when I saw the outline of his cock.
I had forgotten about the perfection of his cock. About six inches long, it was a beauty to behold. I had only been with two other men, but I had watched enough porn to have something to compare it to. The cap of his dick was perfectly mushroom shaped, and watching him scope out the park for a hidden spot I couldn't help but stare at the spot where I knew his handsome dick waited for me, engorged with blood. I quickly walked towards him, not wanting to wait another minute.
We walked down the path, passing people walking their dogs and kids riding their bikes, parents in tow. Danny sighed, exasperated at the lack of private spots, and finally pulled me off the path into the wet grass. I looked around nervously, realizing we were in plain view of anyone in the park. He didn't seem concerned as his hands followed his eyes, wandering down to caress my breasts.
He kissed me, slipping his tongue in my mouth after a minute of feeling each other's' lips for the first time in years. Suddenly I felt like no time had passed, like we were still in high school filled with hormone and wild lust.
I let out soft moans as he let his hands wander even farther, down to the hot, wet slit between my legs. I still had my thin dress on, but he pushed it up and expertly ran his index finger up the slit of my waiting pussy. My legs spread instantly at his touch, begging him for more.
All it took was one glance for him to see the pleasure written all over my face, and he dropped to his knees in the wet grass. He pulled up my dress and I weakly took it in my hands, pussy throbbing and head pounding. He ripped down my underwear, pressing his mouth to my pussy and licking my clit. My knees buckled and I couldn't help but let out a huge moan.
In the past he had always started slow, which I always took as a sign that he wanted me to pleasure him at the same time. Not this night. Tonight he was relentless, licking up and down my pussy while his fingers pumped in and out of me. I briefly looked up to survey the area around us but seeing no one, I let myself sink into the world of pleasure he was giving me.
The world spun around me as his tongue circled my clit, over and over. My legs buckled as I weakly tried to stay standing. He reached out, wrapping his hands around my hip and steadying me with his strong arm. I put my hand on his shoulder, allowing myself to descend further into the spiral of pleasure only Danny Bridges could give me.
I felt the orgasm building inside me, the orgasm that had been lying in wait in the years since I hadn't seen him. I pushed his heads between my legs, grinding my pussy as my body begged for release. His hand moved from my hip to the small of my back as he pushed his face deeper into my pussy and furiously slid his fingers in and out of my pussy.
Before I could form a coherent thought the warmth spread through me and my body shook. I looked down, eyelashes fluttering as I struggled to stay standing up, to find his face completely immersed in my pussy. I felt cum squirting out of me, running down my legs and forming rivers on Danny's face. I grinded hard on his face, desperately trying to prolong the orgasm that was ripping through me. Finally I couldn't take it anymore, my knees gave in and I fell over on the grass as Danny released me.
"Oh my god." This was less of a question and more of a statement. I laid on the grass next to Danny, not even bothering to pull up my panties or pull down my dress as the bliss soaked through me. I finally got the courage to look over at him, hoping it wasn't a dream and that he was actually there.
The pools of cum on his face and the cool, wet blades of grass confirmed that it had indeed happened. I sunk back into the grass, panting hard and smiling bigger than I had in years. Danny and I laid there together, he let me catch my breath as he licked my cum off his face.
"Wow, you are so amazing." I couldn't express to him what I was feeling, and I had no idea if he knew. Shaking and panting, I can only imagine how I appeared to this beautiful man I had lusted after for five years. He gazed at me thoughtfully, and I glanced at him nervously, waiting for his long-anticipated response.
When he finally spoke I was shocked by his words. "God, I've missed you so much." I couldn't help but let the grin spread over my face as I leaned over and kissed him. "I missed you too, Danny, I missed you too."
-TO BE CONTINUED-