It's the end of the world as we know it
Thanks to my editor kenjisato. Also, to LanguageTool. Combined, they put me right. Any problems left all belong to me.
= = = = = = = = = =
We were dead. But we got better. While the world celebrated our return from the Bermuda Triangle, being gone for over three years had got most of us declared dead. As I was employed by the cruise line at the time, my movie career was not much affected. As Filipe knows how resourceful I am, he was in no hurry to declare me dead. Also, so many died, or went missing when it hit, that there was still congestion in the courts. Thus, I only had to deal with being 'found' after several years of absence. Most of the people on the ship, however, were declared to be dead, and the ship declared lost at sea.
When I heard that much of the crew was having difficulty dealing with this, I hired a team of lawyers to assist them, and also provided an advance on any award they got, so that they could have something to live on. Being an advance that they would have to repay from their award, I figured they wouldn't waste it.
Even as I was looking out for my fellow crew-members, I was getting a lot of interview time, since I spent so much time off the ship. While I didn't mention getting a saber-tooth companion, I did show selected pictures of her. I also described learning to ride a mammoth. When I could, I also mentioned that I learned how to have sex while riding a mammoth. With all the ecological damage around the gulf, I took my blessed sand and found places to spread it and renew the land, as I traveled for the interviews. By the time I was done, I had spread all of it.
It took nearly four months before my life settled down, and I could focus on things closer to home. Inanna came through with a blowout orgy to welcome me back, hosted by Jewel and Angel. During that time, I also clued in John and Sally Maxwell to what I had learned of the Atlanteans. They were skeptical, until I told them of the drone I had come back with. Then I floored them with my plans to reproduce it.
At six months, my agent was able to get me work as a fight choreographer for a martial arts film, so I put the droid on hold. The main actors doing the fighting were knowledgeable, so I was able to get them to do some spectacular moves on screen. I also pulled in Inanna's power of war to aid them in their fighting. The director even decided the villain needed some help, and asked me to be an extra. I got to play an ogre and I was a hired gun for the bad guy. I used my size and strength to my advantage, but played it slow.
No one noticed I was lifting too much, nor that when I should be unbalanced, I was not. I like to think that it was because I could make my movements very fluid and perfect since I had the time. I wore light armor, and used a great bow that was as tall as I was. When I spoke, it was in the divine form of Chinese I had been tutored with, and I even managed to add a suitable accent. The armor hid the fact I was female, as did my lowered voice. The mask and wig meant I didn't spend much time in makeup.
In time, shooting was over, and I got laid a few times at the wrap party. A week later, the settlement for the cruise came through, favorably. While it was only six months pay for the three years, it came with full counseling. I went in, like all the others, but was told after a month, that I didn't need it. It seems my previous experiences in the Third World meant I never went bonkers. Others weren't so lucky. The Captain retired, as he lost it after being found. When the stress let off, he fell apart. I hear he's getting beached, and taking a back-office job at the company, by his own request.
I expanded my secret underground room, using Alec's designs. I wanted to make a small shop where I could create parts, and study the drone. I filled it with a lot of tools, and also a large Powerwall. This would be slowly charged over the day to hide my use of power down here. Once fully equipped with suitable power tools, and additional ventilation, I brought the drone down here to study and reproduce. I would use my earth sense the most, as I scanned the drone. I wanted to reproduce each and every part, and Alec would record the part's specs on the computer. After each part, I inquired of the drone what part number was associated with it, back in Atlantis. The numbering system was odd, but we could adapt. I also asked it to verify each part was the right shape, and of sufficient quality and tolerance. After getting approval, I made additional duplicates.
With the work I got in films, I needed nearly a year before I had all the needed parts duplicated. The hardest part was the power supply, as it did not operate under the principles of electric equipment that I knew. But then, I didn't need to understand it, only reproduce it. I also reproduced the solar blanket used for charging. The hardest part would have been the brains, but apparently it was capable of crafting a new one, given suitable supplies. But before I allowed that, I had one significant check to make.
I asked Isis to watch over me, as I felt technology was more her field that Inanna's. When she agreed, I went to my craft shop, with the drone, and meditated. First, I cleared my thoughts, to prepare. Then I sought out its intelligence. I knew it would be strange, and I would likely not understand it, but I hoped to get a sense of how it was designed. Isis was monitoring me as I did this, in case something went wrong.
Once I had contact, it was as bad as I expected. But I let my mind flow about in this unusual intelligence for an hour, before I started commanding the drone. I started with simple commands, like 'Face the door', 'Lift the block', and so on. I used this to learn what area of its mind did what, so that my own mind could understand it. I broke off after several hours, as it was tiring. I felt this would take a while to accomplish, so I spent some time studying our own efforts at AI, so I would have a better understanding of how it worked. I was not trying to create one, merely trying to understand if the drone's intelligence had safeguards or hidden objectives.
Isis was kind enough to monitor me for the two weeks I spent trying to understand it. I offered a like amount of time helping her with her new worshipers. My study was so intense, I even had a few dreams about that mind. In the end, I felt that the creators of this intelligence were benevolent, and had the needed safeguards in place, and that it would be safe to unleash it on an unsuspecting world. Still, I didn't want Skynet.
Once I felt it was safe, I had it assemble a new drone from the parts I had made, and activate the new drone. I controlled this new drone using a wireless internet connection. Once complete, I had it run full diagnostics on itself, then I had the original drone run its own checks to verify everything was correct. The final task was for the new drone to assemble a third one, and have it pass all the checks. As I had enough parts for ten drones, I could have done more, but instead, decided to call it a success.
I was almost ready to introduce this to the world. But not just yet, since I wanted to lock the patent up, before licensing the heck out of it. So I put out a call to Tex, from Red Horizons. It took a few days to track him down, as he had retired, but I finally connected.
"Hey, Tex. It's your old friend Becky Sue."
"Howdy, ma'am. What can this cowboy do for you?"
"Well... have you heard about my last sea-cruise adventure?"
"Oh yeah. My wife followed your story, and I got to learn all about it over dinner, over lunch, and so on."
"Oh my!"
"That's okay. I won't admit it to her, but I was very interested in your story. Imagine, discovering a hollow world! What wonders you must have found."
"That's why I'm calling. I brought a little bit back."
"Oh? Anything interesting?"
"If you followed my news, surely you heard of the Atlantean Lightning Ball?"
"Yes, although who knows what it really was."
"Actually, I do, since I created it."
I heard glass breaking in the background, followed by some cursing about dropping his beer, before Tex said, "WHAT?"
"You heard me."
"That thing was supposed to cross dimensions, and brought the ship back from wherever the Bermuda Triangle sent it. Scientists the world over would kill for the knowledge of how to do that."
"So I assumed. But it is a dangerous knowledge. Not of the physics, but of the culture. How would people use it? What might we poke that doesn't like being poked? Could we be opening ourselves up to attack from something we know nothing of? I don't think mankind is ready for that."
"Damn, woman, you are so right. We aren't ready. So, if you didn't call about that, what did you call about?"
"I brought back a little robotic sidekick. One I want to manufacture and sell."
"A robot? None of the news said anything about that."
"I kept it hidden."
"So, you need to take it apart and figure it out?"
"Nope."
"Nope?"
"Nope."
"Now you got my whiskers in a twist. Tell me everything."
"Using my special abilities, I studied it, and managed to reproduce it. Complete with plans for just about everything, but the brains. I am hesitant about them, as they could have a hidden agenda, or insufficient safeguards, so I would rather use a homegrown system. But all the mechanical bits work. I had the original assemble number two, and number two assembled number three. While they are operational, I don't want them unleashed as is."
"That's a whole lot for an actress to figure out."
"Not as much as you would expect. I didn't need to know why it worked, just how. I'll leave the why for others."
"Yeah, that lowers the bar a lot. So what can I do for you?"
"As you said, I am an actress. Manufacturing is a whole other herd of cattle, and I don't know squat about making it work. As I have a distant, but successful, relationship with Red Horizons, I expect I will have them do the actual work, but setting up things so I make a good profit, and keep control, will need lawyers, as well as technical experts, such as yourself. I want to hire you to write up the needed patents, and I'll get some good patent lawyers to get it patented. Then I'll hire or go into partnership with Red Horizons to make it. Interested?"
"You bet. When can you come for a visit?"
"I don't know. I need yet another lawyer to draw up a contract for us first. I am less concerned about the pay, as keeping it a secret until it is public knowledge."
"I understand. Think it will be anytime soon?"
"I am sure it will be within the month. Finding good lawyers is always hard."
"Yeah, but the good ones are worth their pay."
"I know. I'll call when I have things set up."
"Okay. Goodbye."
My first task was to hire a scout. I needed a good law firm, but I didn't know this field, so I hired a local medium-priced firm to find out who to hire. I wanted several names, and why they were good. Once I had their names, I checked each one out. I spent time near them, and used my ability to read people to determine their honesty, morals, and such, then I arranged to bump into them, accidentally on purpose. Some I met in a bar, one at a golf course, and one in a museum. Two didn't seem right, and of the rest, I thought the museum guy was the best. So I asked to meet him, formally.
When I entered his office, I met the receptionist, and said, "Hello. I am here to meet Mister Kent."
"He is busy right now. Can I take your information, and I can have him call back when he is available?"
"I am Ms. Smith. I have a three o'clock appointment."
"Oh, I didn't expect you quite this early."
"I know the appointment isn't for another thirty minutes, but I wanted to get the lay of the land."
"Sure thing. Let me show you about, for a few minutes, so you can see the kinds of things he does."
I let her take me to several conference rooms, including one with a rather extensive library. She left me here, as I expressed interest in the books. She said Mr. Kent would be with me in a short while. A few minutes later, I was looking out the fourth-floor window, when he came in.
"Hello, Ms. Smith. What can I do for you?"
"My real name is Becky Sue Tate. I am an actress, but have come here about some technological things."
"I take it you don't want people to know you are here?"
"Not for the time being. Once things are moving acceptably, it will no longer matter."
"I see. So, what can I help you with?"
"First, I want to ensure confidentiality, by a simple contract. Second, I would like to meet you behind closed doors, to prevent leaks."
"The latter is easy enough, but I am not sure about the former. I would need to read the contract first."
"I know." I reached into the notebook I was carrying, and pulled out a single page, and handed it to him.
"Wow, no small print. Let me take a few minutes to look it over."
"Sure thing." I doubted it would take that long, as the agreement was quite simple, and clearly expressed.
A very short time later, he said, "This is simple enough. We can execute this right now, if you want."
"I do."
We went to a room with several paralegals working, and went to one, and he had him witness our signing and my payment of a retainer. Then we went to his office, and he said, "Please, no interruptions for the next hour." His aide nodded, as he closed the door.
"So tell me, what's all the secrecy about?"
"Atlantean technology."
"Really?"
"Yes. You may have heard about the cruise ship that came back from the Triangle?"
"I did."
"Well, that was courtesy of Atlantean tech. I am not going to disclose any secrets about that particular tech, but I did bring home some other tech that I want to patent and make a lot of money from. For that, I need a good lawyer, and my research indicates you fit the bill."
"I see. So, you think you can duplicate it?"
"I already have, but I am not in the manufacturing business. I know people who are, and I plan on giving them first dibs, but before that, I need to secure the technology. That means the patent office, and more, and is where you come in."
"Yes, I can definitely offer this service, but it is not covered by the agreement we just signed."
"I didn't expect it to be. That agreement is to keep all this secret. I want to hire you to get an ironclad patent or patents to the technology I am providing. I already have a technologist ready to write everything up. I will want a contract for him, as well. He is a friend, so make it secure, not punishing."
"What do you mean?"
"I don't expect any difficulties from him. I plan to pay him well for the effort, but I want to be sure I retain all rights, even though he writes up all the technical stuff."
As he was thinking about that, I added, "Oh, he's retired now, but he used to work for the company I want to work with. Will that be a problem?"
"It should not be."
We talked some more, and he indicated he would send me our contract in a few days. Once that was signed, it should only take a few more days to make that second contract. We exchanged contact info, and in parting, he walked me to the office door, and saying, "It is nice doing business with you, Ms. Smith."
"Likewise, Mr. -"
"Please, outside the courtroom, I prefer a more informal atmosphere. Please call me Clark."
It wasn't until I was telling Filipe that I realized I had just hired Superman. Or at least, his namesake. Two weeks later, I was flying to see Tex, as he had signed his contract. I brought my flatpack with drone number two, and three sets of parts. I had disguised it as a briefcase, that I carried on the plane. I rented a small box truck, and on the way, I stopped to unpack and fill it with my stuff. This way, I didn't have to explain how I traveled so lightly, but had so much stuff.
When I arrived, he met me outside. "A truck? I was not expecting that."
"Well, I brought a lot of stuff, but didn't want to explain everything."
"That'll do it. So, you need help bringing this stuff in?"
"Perhaps later. For now, why don't we relax a bit over a beer, and I can show you the essentials."
"Then follow me."
"In a moment." I then rushed to the passenger side, and tossed a blanket over the drone and charger, and carried it out.
"What's that?"
"My first sample. Let's get inside where we can keep secrets."
"Well, if it's secret, then let's head for the dungeon, I mean basement. She won't come down there unless I call her."
"I'll follow you."
So, he led the way, and once in the basement, I put my burden on the floor. Tex went to a small fridge, and pulled out some beers, and handed me a cold one.
"Get yourself comfortable, and spill. I am dying of curiosity."
I reached over, and removed the blanket. Then I collected the solar charger and control bracelet. I sat back down, and tapped a few buttons, and said, "Stand before me." Suddenly, the drone's light came on, it then turned to me, and then came to me, moving around the couch so it could stand in front of me.
"How do you like that?"
"Slick, but nothing we can't already do."
"I see. You want something special, huh?" I tapped some keys, and said, "Bring me another beer, and open it."
We watched as it turned in a full three-sixty, then headed over to the fridge. It stopped a moment, then pulled it open by the handle, scanned inside, found a beer, and brought it to me. It closed the door before turning away from the fridge, and when it stood in front of me, it carefully opened the beer without accident, then handed it to me. It held on until I pulled it from its grasp.
"Much better. Definitely something new, but a lot of that is the AI. Still, the mechanicals seem quite adept."
"Do you have something broken down here, that needs to be repaired? Or better yet, tuned up?"
"Let me think... I remember, I have an old blender that stopped working a while ago. Now, where is it?"
"Don't bother telling me. In a moment, I want you to describe it." I tapped buttons, then nodded. Tex described it, and I tapped more buttons, and the drone scanned, then moved right to where it was, and proceeded to extract it. It then located a clear space on the floor, and carefully took it apart, cleaning everything, then put it all back together. Then it presented the unit to Tex.
"Go ahead, Tex, take it and give it a test."
He headed over to the laundry area, and filled it with water partway, then set it down. He plugged it in, and turned on the switch. It whirred as expected, and stopped when he pushed the stop button. He unplugged it, and said, "Well, damn. We ain't got nothing like that. Not just the smarts to figure it all out, but also the physical ability to repair it."
"It can do more than repair. Given the right parts, it can duplicate itself."
"A real Von Neumann machine, eh?"
"What's that?"
"Never mind. So what do you want me to do?"
"I want to patent everything about it that's worth patenting, and I want you to write it all up. I'll pay you plenty, so don't worry about that. Can you do that? Will you?"
"I'm gonna need to see everything."
"I brought three sets of parts, including the control bracelet, and the solar charger. I expect we will need to adjust things so it can use standard power, but that is a manufacturing problem." We spoke for an hour, before I left for the motel.
The next day, I let him drive the truck to a rented warehouse, and we set up there. Over the next two weeks, I showed him everything, and he wrote everything up. When all was ready, he had written up over forty patents. I was rather surprised, but he just said there was so much in this that was new. He also said this would revolutionize industry, not just his industry.
I left after packing up the truck. On the way to the rental at the airport, I repacked everything in the flatpack. After arriving home, I contacted the Mr. Kent, and we met a few days later. When I presented the write-up, he was conflicted. There was quite a lot of work to do, but there would be a correspondingly large payoff.
"This is a lot of work. I can do everything, but it would be cheaper and far faster if I can bring in others to do a lot of the drudge work."
"Would they all be bound by our agreement?"
"Yes, of course."
"Then bring them in. How much will you need me?"
"There will be a lot of signatures needed, but not until we are ready to send everything. But sending so many patents in your name will likely trigger attention."
"What if we use a dummy company?"
"Attention would be diverted to it."
"Then I'll set one up."
"That's rather complicated."
"I know. I've done it before, and now have a group at one of my companies that specializes in that."
"Oh? That sounds like a story I'd like to hear."
"Perhaps someday, but not today."
We parted, and six months later, we sent everything off to the Patent Office by courier. I paid extra for priority handling. Nine months after that, I got a call from Clark.
"Becky Sue, I think we have run into a problem."
"How so?"
"We are being slow walked, and perhaps being held hostage. It is difficult to say, as the agency is not very transparent. However, there seems to be a common element."
"Oh?"
"Yes. A senior bureaucrat seems to be in the center of all this. Some feelers I've put out indicate he has a bad reputation for doing this, but has never been caught out."
"Let me come in and meet you. I want all you know about this, and then I'll see what I can do."
"I doubt you can do much."
"From what you've said, it appears to be a people issue, and I am quite good at that kind of thing."
"Perhaps you are right."
The next day Clark briefed me on everything. Then I flew to Silicon Valley, to scope out things.
I took a cab to the hotel, and checked in. By that time, my hired P.I. had scoped out the bureaucrat, and knew enough of his habits that I could 'bump' into him. I dressed to be unnoticed, and then got a cab to a particular establishment. While my height got some attention, I know how to go unnoticed, even in this place. It was a private club for dominants and submissives, and normally I would need to be invited by a member, but An's power let me ease in, like I owned the place.
When he finally came in two hours later, I had declined seven offers for sex. At this point, I opened my senses to him, to see what he wanted here, and also to see if he was aware of my patents. The first was an easy answer - sex. The latter, however, took nearly an hour to sift through everything relevant. I learned he was a confidence man, and was using his position and power to make extra money in a number of ways. They included blackmail, embezzlement, and falsifying official reports. His people were either unaware, or too scared of him to report him. In his personal life, he was here cheating on his wife.
All told, he was a bad man, abusing those around him. I decided to take him down, but I needed a plan. I watched him while he was here, and noted what kind of woman he liked, and what kind of sex he liked. After he left, I relaxed by accepting a few offers of sex.
My first step was to become an official member of this club, and get to know him here. For that, I needed to see management, which meant I would need to be here early tomorrow. I left alone, and at the hotel went right to bed. In the morning, I crafted my appearance, as well as a number of appropriate outfits.
When I showed up in the early afternoon, I was not even questioned, as my attire and attitude screamed I belonged. So the manager was rather surprised when I asked to become a member. He gave me a form to fill out, and when I did, he filed it and gave me a card. I don't think he even looked at the form. Today, I was going to make a splash, so I left until after dinner, when I returned, ready to dominate. Again, no one asked for my membership card. He came an hour later, by which time I had assembled a little entourage, with several men and women fawning over me. Of course, he noticed me.
At first, I feigned not to notice him. But just before he was ready to leave, I said, "The peasant speaks? Come, crawl to me, and repeat your question." I added a little of An's power of command, and he instantly went to his knees and crawled to me.
"Mistress, may I join you?"
"Hmm. You wish to bathe in my radiance? I like you. Yes. Sit at my feet and look at me for a while. Oh, and be quiet until I say so."
He crawled to my feet, turned over and sat down, practically staring at my breasts, all four of them. I continued with my ensemble for another ten minutes, and then said, "Well, obedient peasant. It seems you are willing to be my plaything. Tell me, what do you desire the most of me, as if I don't already know." I think he almost came just from my question.
"Mistress, I want to have sex with you, to be used by you, and to please you."
"I see. Or no, I don't see. Stand and remove your clothes, so I can see all you have."
He got up quickly, and hurriedly took his clothes off. I thought he might tear them, he was going so fast. Finally, he announced he was ready. He stood naked before us, and his erection was at least nine inches long, and quite thick.
"Now turn around, slowly. I want to see it all, and to show you to all."
He again complied, and if anything, his dick got harder, and I could see a little pre-cum almost dribble. I told one of the others to collect his clothes, and then told him to follow me. I said the others could watch, if they wanted. We slowly walked through a doorway, and down a corridor, before entering a large room. There was a large bed, and I stood before it.
"Kneel before me." He did. "Lift my skirt, and please me with your face."
Lifting it, he saw I was not wearing panties, so he leaned in and started to lick my pussy.
"Boring. Make it interesting."
He stopped a moment, then resumed, but this time, he started to lick me in an odd way. It took only a few licks to realize he was doing the alphabet on me. When he was well into his third repeat, I broke in, and said, "Clever, little man. Tell me what you want next, but you must spell it out, without mistakes."
He spelled out, "I want you in bed", but misspelled "you" as "yov" because he forgot to round the end.
"Sorry, you is spelled with the letter U, not the letter V. Try again."
This time, he failed to make the little E properly, and it was an O. "That doesn't make sense. You want me in bod? Try again."
Finally, the third time was a charm. "Oh, you want me in bed. I suppose I could do that. But then you would no longer be able to tell me what you want, since you would still be here." I could see that got him peeved, so he began again, but this time spelling, "I want to sex you in bed." He took his time, and got it right.
"Well, friends. It appears he is horny, and wants to have sex with me. Do you think I should let him?" I got a number of answers, some each way. "So, no consensus." They immediately went quiet, waiting on what I had to say. "Well, his licking has had a little effect. Perhaps I shall allow you to have sex with me. But first, you must remove my clothes. After you remove each piece, you will carefully fold it, and give it to one of the others to hold.
It took several minutes, as he had to deal with stockings, garter belts, a blouse, and not one, but two bras. He also had to deal with my requirement for perfectly folding everything, which at least doubled the time. I could feel both his frustration, and his satisfaction. He really liked this humiliation, but it was driving him crazy. So I turned it up a notch. Pulling in Inanna's power, I got him to the point of coming, but wouldn't let him come. And I held it there, with occasional dips to relieve the strain. After twenty minutes at peak, I finally let him come.
Then I had him eat me out, and clean it all up, by which time, he was almost ready to come again. This time, I told him to do oral, and I sucked his dick down to the balls, and used my tongue to massage them to get them to come, and keep coming longer than he thought possible. I swallowed every drop, but I saved the last mouthful to kiss him, and pass to him his own seed. Everyone saw I had that mouthful, and then they saw it dribbling out his mouth.
"Be a good peasant, and swallow it all." He didn't hesitate. "Now sleep - on the floor. You've been a good boy." I tossed him a pillow. He then curled up on the floor, still naked, and was sleeping in moments.
I looked at the assembled, and said, "Who's next?" I had my pick of volunteers. I wasn't quite as abusive to them, but left them happy with their domination. When I felt my target was about to wake, I dismissed everyone, and dressed. Then I sat on the bed and waited.
When he woke, he was groggy, and confused. He quickly realized he was naked. Then he saw me on the bed, and almost panicked.
"Well, peasant, you have done well with your audition. I will let you be my pet." I then handed him a studded leather collar I had just made, along with a leash. It even had a dog tag with his name on it. "Put this on... good boy. Now get dressed, but slowly. I want to be entertained."
"Hand me the end of the leash." Then I took it from him, and pulled him out of the room, and we went back to the main room. There, I selected a nice chair, with a side table, and told him to fetch me a particular drink. "Go fetch, pet."
I let him go, and he came back with two drinks. One for me, and one for him. "I didn't say you could have a drink. Put it down here, and sit by my feet. I want a foot massage." After abusing him a bit, I finally allowed him to have his drink.
"Enlighten me. Tell me about your work life. What you do to earn money." I then whammied him to be a little loose lipped. While I feigned ignoring him, I was actually wide open to what he said, and thought. I wanted all the goods I could get on him, especially the provable bits. When he ran down, I told him to go home, and return tomorrow, as I would like to walk my pet. Once he left, I had fun with two others, and also left.
Back at the hotel, I documented everything I could remember, which was a lot. I did this for three more days. During the day, I made contact with the inspector general of his department, and forwarded the transcribed information I had, indicating it was based only on what I recalled of what he said. But I invited him or her to visit the club and meet me beforehand, so I could wear a mic, and they could film it. I also got the owner to sign off on it, but he insisted it occur in a private room, so the other guests wouldn't be involved.
On the fifth day, I met the IG duo, and put on a bracelet that also was a mic. We went in, and then set the camera and shotgun mic up, hidden by a plant. Not great cover, but I would keep him unaware of it. They then went outside, to their van, and waited.
He showed up, and I quickly had him drink two small glasses of water, that I told him were vodka with lemon. The lemon was real, but I whammied the belief in the vodka, as well as the loosing of his tongue. Then I pulled his leash into the private room, where I abused him a little, but not enough to get the video censored in court. Then I told him to tell me of all the sneaky stuff he did that day. When that ran out, I asked about stuff he had done in the last month. Finally, I asked for his best stories of what he had done, and what it had got him. When he seemed to be slowing down, I made encouraging noises, and he continued some more. When I felt he was out of juicy stuff, I told him it was playtime. I grabbed his leash, and while he wasn't looking, I left the jewelry on the table.
We headed deeper into the club, and had sex for nearly an hour, and then I left him sleeping. I went back to the room, and picked up the mic, and said, "All done. Come on in and collect your stuff." Five minutes later, they were there.
"Where is he?"
"I left him sleeping down the hall. I abused him sexually a bit more, but gave him the release he wanted."
"I can't believe anyone would submit to that."
"There are all kinds of people in the world, and I know sex. I expect he will want more. I'll tell the manager I won't be here for the next two days. That way, if you need more time, we can set something up."
"Thanks. But what he said here was quite a lot."
"Surely, there should be something to get him out of circulation, so that you can then deal with the rest."
"Well, coming to this club is not illegal, but would likely ruin his career, and maybe his marriage."
"My preference would be to ignore the club for now. He will likely slip up and mention it. Then you can do what you will with his presence here. I would prefer to be left out of it."
"Yes, ma'am."
"Thank you."
It turned out they didn't need me again. The second day, he was arrested, and certain records accessed that showed proof of at least three of the crimes he had admitted to. That started the ball rolling. They followed my notes, and the video and audio recordings and found so much more. Within a week, he was on administrative leave. In a month, he was fired, and indicted.
Another manager was assigned to my patents, and with a little prodding, the patents were expedited a little extra. Mr. Kent was surprised, and pleased, at my work. Within a month, all my patents were given provisional numbers. It was now time to talk to Red Horizons.
Making another appointment with Mr. Kent, we plotted out the likely agreements we could get, along with some extra, if I could convince them. I invited Tex, but warned him to consider how the company might see his role. He chose to attend, and even suggested who to contact.
The meeting with the company turned into over a dozen day-long meetings, spread over a month. They had difficulty believing it, but Tex's attestation, along with the provisional patents convinced them I had something. They were reluctant to accept my basic terms, but as the potential return was huge, they caved. While I didn't whammy them, I did monitor their thoughts, so I could see when they were bluffing, stalling, or otherwise playing a game. I played my own game in emphasizing how this would revolutionize everything, and that I was already partnered with them with my prosthetic business.
While I did not get all my monetary goals, I got close. I did keep my control and rights. And most importantly, they committed to developing an AI for the system. Once that got looked over by my team of lawyers and signed, I turned over copies of the specs.
Even as they worked hard to make a control AI, their manufacturing test facility was able to turn out several dozen sets of parts. Another branch was developing the solar charger, adapting it to common power protocols. They had it working within a month, and it hit the market with a big splash. The fact that it was almost three times as efficient, meant you could get a smaller unit for the same power, or a unit that could supply three times the amount. The second month, they had a prototype solar sail for their space station, which really pumped up its available power. The sales of the solar charger alone, changed their minds about our deal.
As all this was happening, Filipe had asked me what I was up to, and I told him about the club. He thought it would be rather interesting to check out, so we arranged to visit a few times. His chauffeur drove us, and Filipe played my assistant. While we didn't have sex in the club with each other, he watched me with quite a few people, bossing them about, and mildly abusing them. When he saw someone he wanted, he gave me a subtle sign, and I would command her to serve him for our pleasure.
With the new Atlantean technology, and the blessed sand I spread, the year was proving to be a very good year for restoring things. With the land extra productive, the farmers had money to spend, and the new tech allowed more automation. While the full AI that I brought back could handle a lot, the initial systems marketed were quite limited. Yet they were so much more than what existed, that they were hailed as a great advancement. One of the things they held back was the replicating ability. They only allowed that in their own factory units. They also built a factory on the moon, to assist with the colonization effort there.
In the middle of all this good news, came some personal tragedy. Filipe was not feeling well, often, so he went to the doctor to get a thorough checkup. That led to more tests, and the final diagnosis was inoperable cancer. Several months were spent looking into the various possible treatments, and Filipe decided that the stress and pain of the options were not worth the little extra time likely gained.
"Filipe, I know you have rejected the assorted options for your condition. There is another, I can offer. Inanna's healing. Isis also has some. I would be willing to try those on you."
"Becky Sue, I love you. But I realized that possibility a while ago, and rejected it. It is my time. You and the children have been my life for decades, now. The other stuff, while nice, was just a bonus."
"I saw you were accepting this fate, but I had to offer. Life is precious."
"It is, but I tire, and I know my time is almost up. My body is wearing out, and each year there is more pain and suffering. I am not one to complain, so I just bore it, and moved slower. But with the recent change, I believe the end will come soon."
"Too soon for me."
"Do not feel that way. You have given me a full and happy life. We all must go when it is our time. To do otherwise, is to court pain and suffering. Not just our own, but all who experience us will feel our pain, as well."
"What will we do?"
"I will retire from acting, again. But this time, for real. We can hire someone to look after my physical needs, and live in the house. Over the next few months, the children can visit for a while, but not stay too long. I don't want them to get depressed or morose, but rather be glad to see me off. I'm sure you will land on your feet. You always do."
"Then I shall no longer accept parts that take me away from you. So that means voice acting, and occasional day jobs, or coaching from here."
"Then so be it. We can tell everyone in the next few days, with a short media release of my cancer diagnosis."
"Do you want to do that, or shall I?"
"I'll call my agent, and we'll do the release, but you can handle family and friends."
I alerted my agent, with the promise not to announce anything until after Filipe's announcement went through the news cycle. I also called all the children and grandchildren. Most made plans to spend a week or two with us in the next few months. I asked Cleopatra and Layla to plan a little extra time so that we could include Isis and Osiris in our discussion.
Each of the kids came by, usually with their entire family, and we would have a quiet barbecue or picnic in the back, where the youngest would play in the pool, and the older ones would spend time with Filipe and me. As I was in charge of the schedule, we never had too many visit at one time.
When Cleopatra and Layla came, I asked Isis and Osiris over as well, but Filipe was not part of these meetings. All were curious. Cleopatra asked, "Mom, it seems odd, meeting like this to say goodbye to dad."
"I asked all of you together, now, not for that, but for a related thing. Isis and Osiris already know this, but the fact you are gods and not just our children, means that you will outlive nearly everyone you know. Saying goodbye to a stranger you barely know is easy. But goodbye to a loved one is far harder, and you will do this again and again."
"Yes, mom. Now that you mention it, it is obvious."
"Yet not the first thing that comes to mind. I, too, will need to say goodbye, but will do it in the bedroom." That got a few smiles. "Yes, that, too. But I will face the pain, just as you, and perhaps more so, as he has been my other half for over half a century. Sure, we were apart many times, but we kept in touch, and treasured the time we had together."
"What can we do?"
"Being here is the best thing. It shows you care, without having to say a thing. I know Filipe is glad for it. But for you, this will happen many times. I don't want you to become jaded, nor to become unfeeling. I will be leaving soon enough, so I will not be around to guide you forever. Isis and Osiris, however, likely will. I want you to seek them out when your heart is troubled, and I am not here."
Isis spoke up, "Yes, children. It is a lesson we learned a long time ago. And one I almost forgot. When Becky Sue and I met, I treated her as a thing, not a person. One of her daughters called me on it, and stood up to me. That shook my certainty enough, that I looked upon what I had done, and realized I had wronged her. I left, leaving behind a gift. Later, she sought me out to help raise you. That is when I learned the depth of her love for you. We have since become fast friends, and more. She is right. Value the mortals in your life. They provide so much, and keep things interesting. With her asking me to be co-mother, my life acquired new meaning, and so I now look to the future, not the past. You, too, should always look to the future."
Layla chimed in, "That is not easy. It is difficult to keep the long goal in mind, especially with the recent distractions like that meteor."
"Do not worry, that will come in time. You are still quite young, and should not worry if you cannot plan in detail for ten years ahead. The longer you live, the greater the span you can plan for. Part of it is learning to plan and incorporate sub-plans for when things get off track. Once you master that, making plans for a century will be a lot easier. But I do agree that technology is reshaping things very quickly. Yet for all it can do, people still have simple needs. Plan with that in mind, and you will be more likely to succeed."
"Isis is right. While my own life seems chaotic at times, my plans have often been designed with the flexibility to be put aside for a time. So, getting a great part will only delay my assorted plans, not upset them. But Filipe's diagnosis kind of breaks a lot of plans. Yet, I am also flexible. We will adapt, and I may discard my plans, as they are of less importance to me than Filipe."
"About that, what's with the camera crew I saw hanging about?"
"They're making a documentary of our lives while they still can. One of the highlights is the difference between a big-name actor and a bit player. Yeah, he's more than that, but he has at least five times the acting credits I have."
"Is dad up to this?"
"Lalya, he can sit and talk quite a while, but we agreed that the interview time will be no more than an hour a day. They come back later to do the reverse shot, so there is only one camera in the interview. They'll piece it together in post-production. Filipe tells me he likes reminiscing about his younger days. I also do up to an hour a day of interviews, but I am much less restricted in location, cameras, or activity."
"So dad's okay with all the fuss?"
"Oh, yeah. At night, I've been assisting with the quality-of-life issues, by helping him feel less pain, and to sleep well. I've even gone into his dreams a few times, so he can have happy, sexy dreams. But, per his desires, I am not applying healing to his body."
"So, he will die soon?"
"Yes, Layla."
"Then we need to spend time with him, helping him remember the good times, but also for us to know him more fully."
Cleopatra said, "Yes. We need to do this, not just for him, but for us, as well."
We talked for a while longer, drifting to other subjects, and Isis and Osiris occasionally adding their wisdom. Twice more, during their visit, we touched upon the future, and how they would meet theirs.
A number of friends also showed up to show their respect, including a fair number of producers and directors. In time, Filipe passed away. He had a medium-sized funeral and internment. I hired the cemetery for the day, to keep out the paparazzi, but the two Filipe had felt had been the most respectful, were invited professionally. For the next two months, I stayed out of the public eye, technically mourning. In truth, I was on the phone a lot with Red Horizons, getting the various snags that cropped up taken care of. The work took my mind off of Filipe for a while. I also spent a lot of time with my children on the phone, as well.
Finally, Red Horizons got an AI sufficiently good, that they began marketing the Mark I Universal Robot. They gave it the nickname "Huey", from the film "Silent Running." While I was following that news, I was asked to play the part of Snow White, with a sex-crazed version of the seven shorter brothers.
But that is another story...
= = = = = = = = = =
I love getting your votes.
I would also like to hear from you.
Leave a comment!