Where Did Time Go
When she thought about her adolescence she wouldn't consider herself promiscuous, even though she enjoyed sex; it had always been selective and with someone she had been going with. That's not to say that she didn't experiment or allow things to get out of hand with some guy at a party; in fact there were times she felt having one night stands would have been more satisfying and easier to handle. Unfortunately that type of behaviour was a double edge sword: one side was the undeniable pleasure she experienced, the other side were the derogatory labels that came with the action; and it was the latter that she could not allow. So even though she was comfortable and receptiveness to erotic behaviour as something natural and nothing to be ashamed of; she learnt to control her actions and avoid any precarious situation that made her vulnerable.
Consequently, by the end of her graduating year, she had radically metamorphosed her persona; replacing social butterfly with subdued indifference. Socially and sexually the last year of high school had been a bust; and her only release from her self-imposed reclusion came from skilful self-indulgence, namely her fingers. Too make matter worse, her inadvertent ostracism from her friends and the celebration of graduating, also included no invitations to the prom.
Ironically, it was her graduation night that had changed her life. The disappointment of being alone on graduation night and finally relenting to have dinner with her parents to celebrate, started a journey she would never have believed in her wildest dreams. They had just finished dining when she met up with a friend from school, whom like her was having supper with her parents and flying solo on grad night.
They chatted for a while until the girl suggested catching a movie or hitting a nightclub; which was fully encouraged by her parents. Although she didn't really know the girl that well, the thought of going home and feeling sorry for her self held little appeal, so she had agreed. They never went to the movie or the nightclub; the girl, whose name was Laura waited for their parents to leave, before inviting her to a party her boyfriend was at.
The party had been great fun; there was drinking and drinking challenges, food and dancing. She was overwhelmed with drunken introductions and faces that within seconds had no name; the atmosphere at the party was loud with music, laughter and people taking turns at making a complete fool of them self. It didn't take much, or long before she was caught up in the revelry; and eventually she found herself drinking, dancing and dodging offers of going upstairs.
It was later in the evening and the party was showing no sign of slowing down, when she had thoughts about leaving; and it was while she looking for Laura that she met Matt. Everything about meeting him had such a surreal edge to it; for the most part they sat on the couch talking and drinking, every now and then taking time for a dance. There was no denying she felt an immediate attraction and connection to him; in fact she felt comfortable in his company, because there were no presumptions or pressure placed on her by him.
She hadn't really thought about how she was going to get home; initially having intentions of leaving with Laura, but by then had no idea where she was or what she was up to. So when the party started to break up, although passing out would have defined it better, she accepted Matt's offer of a ride home. She never made it home till the afternoon; in fact they never left the driveway. Once they were inside the car they were all over each other; and from that moment on, everything became one big frenzied blur. After a year of sexual hiatus the unwanted suppression of her sensuality exploded with vehemence; what had followed was fiery and passionate kisses, clothing being pulled and tugged aside to allow easier access for hands to gently and roughly knead each others body. Then total nakedness, bolder, hot-blooded probing and exploration, until finally the satiating penetration of his cock; and the violent eruption of hot cum spewing inside her receptive channel.
What they did in the car that morning could never be considered making love, it was raw and wild; it was fucking, plain and simple. They decided to go to a motel after two more uncomfortable efforts to fuck in the car; exhausted and their bodies reeking with tell-tale signs of the dank musk from their heated sex. Once inside the room they collapsed on the bed and rested; they kissed and cuddled for awhile and had eventually fallen asleep. Some time later she woke, and with Matt still dead to the world she made her way to the bathroom, to take a shower.
She had only been in the shower for a moment, her body finally relaxing and enjoying the feel of the hot spray as it cascaded over her; before Matt slid back the curtain and joined her. There had been a brief moment of hesitation and then they kissed; and before she knew what happening his head was nestled between her thighs and his mouth, teeth and tongue were salaciously tormenting her cunt. It was just the beginning, and she had almost been relieved when she finally arrived home; her body had ached and was totally drained of energy, and in desperate need of recuperating.
From that day on they were inseparable, spending all their free time together; it had been an intense relationship, constantly in overdrive and two months later they decided to get married. It was a devastating decision for her parents to accept and they had been adamant in trying to dissuade her from making that type of commitment at such a young age; their pleas falling on deaf ears. It come as no surprise when she became pregnant, as they had been playing with fire since the first night they met; her susceptibility to pregnancy increasing when she stopped taking the pill during her seclusion.
It hadn't been easy; fresh out of school, married, baby, minimal finances and instant adult responsibilities. The first few years had been excruciating painful, but perseverance, time and reluctantly accepting help from both families brought improvement and a stability to their home and life. Eventually things started to fall into place, promotions leading to better jobs and more money, buying the first house, holidays' and another baby. After awhile they never thought about the things they missed out on; because in some ways they felt as if they were a head of the game.
That was twenty-five years ago, and now in her early forties, still married, and two grown children, they had proved the critics wrong; especially her family. She knew her relationship with Matt was solid and in many ways hadn't changed at all; still in love, enjoying and planning for their future, instead of reacting to the worries of yester-year. Life for most part was good; however, although sex with Matt was still fulfilling, the intensity and wild passion of youth over years had evolved to a passionate intimacy.
They worked assiduously at keeping the sexual fires burning using the recommended first aid equipment: such as sexy lingerie, toys and how-to-books, dirty weekend getaways and watching porn. However, while always satisfying and fun, they were never able to duplicate the wild sexual exploits from their youth; always agreeing, but not able to recognize what was lacking or missing to take it over the edge. However there those occasions when it had been close, but they were always the direct results of something occurring unexpectedly.
The first time was at Matt's company party; as usual, after the meal, she, Matt and his business associates were congregating together at the bar, drinking and talking shop. It was a ritual; and one that never really concerned her because Matt would always encourage her to mingle and enjoy herself. Generally she met up with the other wives and girlfriends; enjoying the silly banter of the women, until Matt came looking for her to whisk her off to dance or meet someone. It was never boring, the women were fun and there were always offers to dance, sometimes from the men and occasionally the women.
At this one particular party she found herself in the company of a beguiling character who introduced himself as Greco. As a rule she would have been upset by the type of dancing she was indulging in with this stranger; but after a few more drinks and dances around the tiny dance floor, she was having fun. For a moment she had felt as if she was at a high school party, as everything about the party was transforming before her eyes; and even the adults had magically changed back to teenagers, and she had felt eighteen again.
Even the man she was dancing with had suddenly appeared different and she felt strangely comfortable in his large arms as they danced. She found herself enjoying the feel of his huge hands gently settling just above the swell of her ass cheeks while they danced; and the naughty way his fingers kneaded teasingly at the covered flesh. When he made some rather rude, although complimentary remarks about the softness of her ass; she found her unable to stop herself from giggling, thrilling her in a sensually impish way.
Then as the rhythm of the music slowed and the lights dimmed, darkness shrouded the dance floor and they were hidden by the other dancers around them; her partner became bolder and more aggressive. He had moved a hand from her buttocks and took advantage of the darkness to start fondling her breasts; while his other hand slid to the centre of buttocks and firmly pulled her abdomen against his hard cock. Whether it was her state of mind, the drinks or something else, she had offered no resistance; in fact she had even allowed him easy access to the front of her low cut dress, so that his hand could move inside and tweak at her nipple through the fabric of her bra. She had felt naughty and aroused, and her only thoughts were that Matt would not notice how close she was dancing with her partner; and more importantly, that no one could see his hand thrust down the front of her dress or overhear the obscene things he muttered in her ear. It didn't take long before her body began responding, her arousal causing her body to initiate her own sensual actions to work against him.
She had found herself drifting off in a cosmic erotic bliss; and against her better judgement, she had no desire or intention to stop dancing or the liberties he was taking, or expecting to take. It had been when he tried to kiss her that she broke free from him; why kissing had been taboo was beyond her scope of understanding, but at that moment she went ice cold with the reality of what was happening. Then trying to avoid a scene, she quietly thanked the man for the dances and moved away; then with head down she quickly adjusted her clothes and exited the dance floor in search of Matt.
The only saving grace from any further embarrassment was that Matt was waiting for her to finish her dance; he had been looking for her so they could go home. Matt had not questioned her at all about her dance partner; only to say that he was glad that she hadn't moped around at the party while he was busy doing his thing.
Matt had been in a talkative mood and it had lasted all the way home, which had been a relief; because she was having a hard time hiding how uncomfortable she felt and the arousal she had experienced. Even a shower didn't take the edge off; and as her mind played back the events from earlier, she could still feel the subtle tingles of her arousal. When Matt learned over to cuddle and kiss her goodnight; it was if the floodgates burst open and she had been all over him. The rest of the night was a blur, and for the first time in a while, their sex had been hot, wild and lustful; no intimacy, just fucking.
Matt never talked to her about her behaviour that night, and she hadn't pushed the subject; it was as if they had been too embarrassed to admit how much they needed that type of release, or had just found it easier to accept too much drinking was the cause. Unfortunately they never seemed to be able to recreate the magic or intensity of that evening either; and she was beginning to doubt that they would. Although deep down she knew what the catalyst had been, she just couldn't bring herself to accept it; or talk to Matt about it.
She had never thought about cheating on Matt, to her it was immoral; a wilful cancer that would destroy the very foundation that they had worked so hard to build together. The incident at the party was certainly an eye opener and subtle warning of her susceptibility to her own desires; but nothing to push her into the arms of another man.