Author's Preface: Everyone in this story is eighteen years old or older. The story is entirely fictional. Any similarities to real people or events are purely coincidental. Constructive comments are always welcome.
Enjoy.
Tammy goes hiking and meets a couple.
I didn't have any classes on Wednesday, and it was a beautiful fall day. I felt like going out for a walk in nature. There were plenty of hiking trails around Austin but sometimes they were crowded. One of my sorority sisters suggested a place just west of Lake Travis. It was too far for most students and few people went there this time of year.
I wanted Martin to go with me, but he had to study for a big upcoming test. Since he wasn't going anywhere, he let me use his car. I liked the idea of hiking by myself. I might meet someone new.
I checked the area out on the web and found some trails that overlooked the Colorado River. I got a map of the trails and took off. It was a bit of a drive but when I got there, I only saw one other car in the parking lot.
The park was beautiful. The leaves were still changing so the woods were full of color. I took off on one of the 10-mile easy trails that led to a spot that overlooked the river. After the first couple of miles, I started getting a little hot. The trees blocked the breeze.
I hadn't seen anyone since I started, and the woods were not that thick. I decided that it would be OK to take off my shirt. I stuffed it into my backpack. I still had on my bra, and I could put it back on if I saw or heard anyone coming. Once my shirt was off for a while, and I still hadn't seen anybody, I decided that it would be OK if I took off my shorts. That felt much better. After I had walked about five miles, I came to an area that looked out over the Colorado River. It reminded me of the view over the lake naked at "Back to Nature", the naturist resort. I remembered the feeling the first time I was naked there. I wanted to feel that way again. I looked around and thought that it wouldn't hurt, so I took off my panties and bra. I stood there naked with my arms and legs spread looking over the river. I had that same feeling of freedom.
I still hadn't seen anyone, so I continued my hike naked. All my clothes were in my backpack. All I had on were my shoes and socks. The trail stayed near the river for quite a while. A few hundred yards later I heard the faint sound of people in front of me. I ducked behind some trees and waited but the sound didn't seem to get closer.
I tried to locate the sound and realized voices were coming from closer to the river. There was a small overgrown trail and I followed it toward the sound. It was not easy. Overgrown trails are not kind to naked bodies. The voices were much closer now. I went around one more large tree and saw a man and a woman on a blanket in a small clearing overlooking the river.
They were a good-looking couple in their early twenties. They were talking, laughing, kissing, and touching. They were also naked as the day they were born. It didn't look like they had been there long. The man was sporting a nice erection and the nipples on the woman's medium-sized breast were like pebbles. They looked like they were about to get serious. His hand was between her legs, while she teased his cock with her fingertips.
Since I'd worked at a naturist resort, I knew it was quite impolite to watch them without asking. I was so horny from seeing them, that I wished that Martin had been able to come with me. I wanted to fuck him stupid. Now, I had an angel on one shoulder and a devil on the other. The devil wanted me to stay quiet and watch, and the angel wanted me to go talk to them and ask for their permission.
The angel won. I was going to be polite and ask. I moved closer and cleared my throat. I scared the crap out of them. The woman freaked out and tried to run away but there was no place to go naked, especially with no shoes on. The man recovered more quickly and stared at my naked body.
"Hi, I'm Tammy. I heard voices, moans, and other sexy noises when I was hiking on the trail. I followed your voices and that led me to you two. You look beautiful together. It would be rude to watch without your permission. I'm not sure how to ask this but would you mind if I watched you two?"
"Hi...I'm Seth and this is June. You surprised us. We didn't think anyone was here."
"I'm sorry. I was going to come out with a friend, Martin, and do what you were about to do, but he couldn't make it. I heard you and I was already naked on my hike, and I couldn't resist finding you. I'm horny and I'd like to watch you. You are such a beautiful couple. I promise I'll just watch and be quiet. It's picturesque here overlooking the river. I'll understand if you don't want me here and I'll leave."
Seth briefly looked at June and said, "Sure you can watch." He smiled broadly.
I asked June, "Is it OK with you too?"
"Um, I guess. I wasn't expecting...but I guess it's OK. I've never done anything in front of someone before."
"Pretend I'm not here," I said.
"I'm not sure that's possible," she said.
"If it starts to bother you, I'll leave."
They lay back down on the blanket, and I got my shirt out of my backpack. I put it on a nearby log and sat down. It seemed a little strange to be doing this, but it excited me.
Seth started kissing June's breasts and tried to put his hand between June's legs. She seemed shy and was still uncomfortable; She held her legs closed. As Seth worked on her nipples, she began to relax, and her legs opened enough for Seth's hand. Her eyes closed and she moaned when Seth slipped his finger into her entrance. She spread her legs more. Seth began rubbing around her clit with his fingers and I could tell that June was enjoying it. He kissed down her stomach and got between her legs. She moaned as his flat tongue ran up her slit and over her. As Seth started working harder, it surprised me when June opened her eyes and looked at me.
Taking a chance, I moved my hand to my pussy and ran a finger up and down my slit. June smiled at me and nodded her head. She was allowing me to pleasure myself. Watching me excited her and having her watch excited me. She was interested in what I was doing so I spread my legs for her. Her breathing was heavy, and she was pushing her hips into Seth's face, urging him to lick her faster.
Watching her, watch me, as Seth licked her was becoming too much for me. I was close to coming but didn't want to make any noise or disturb them. As I sped up rubbing my clit, June never took her eyes off me. She grabbed the back of Seth's head and pushed him against her pussy. She thrust her hips against his tongue as fast as I was rubbing my clit. She started with a low moan that grew louder. She continued to watch me until she was there. She closed her eyes and screamed, and I did too. I'm sure they could hear us across the river. I opened my eyes long enough to see her frozen with her head thrown back as we both rode out our orgasms.
"Seth. Come here and lie on your back," she ordered. "I want to fuck you."
Seth wasted no time and turned over onto his back. Her orgasm made June more aggressive. She threw her leg over Seth and slid down on his shaft. She started rocking her hips back and forth on him while sitting straight up with her knees bent. Seth looked at me as I twisted the nipples on my big boobs.
She grabbed his face, turning it to hers. "Look at me and make me come!" she ordered.
He put his hand on her tits but looked back at me. June slapped his face and said, "I told you to look at me. I'm the one you're fucking, but you aren't paying attention to me. You want to look at Tammy's huge tits instead. I bet you want to suck her nipples, taste her pussy, and then fuck her. That's why you wanted to let her watch so much. Maybe if you make me come so hard that I'm worn out, I let you fuck her. You know what it takes to wear me out." Her movements were growing more frantic. I now had one hand on my boob and the other on my pussy.
She was bouncing up and down on him. He looked at me again. She slapped his face again, harder, and told him he had one more chance. "If you don't stop looking at those big, luscious tits, you know what I'm going to do."
He looked at me again and she stopped and sat on him. Her backpack was right behind his head. She opened it and found a piece of cloth that she fashioned into a blindfold. She reached up to put it over his eyes. He tried to stop her.
Glaring at him, June said, "Iamgoing to blindfold you. You know that." He put down his hands and let her cover his eyes.
"Now you can't see her, but she can see you. And I can look at her. I like looking at her big tits and shaved pussy." She smiled at me. "Maybe I can describe her to you."
June barely rocked on his cock while she played with her clit looking at me.
"It's a shame you can't see her now. With one hand she's pinching a nipple, and she has three fingers working deep in her pussy. She's dripping wet. She's getting close. She seems to like me to describe what she's doing. Her huge tits are bouncing while she shoves her fingers in her and rubs on her clit. That must feel good. Oh god, I wish she was doing that to me. It looks like she's going to come again." I came with a little squeal.
June rubbed her clit faster and it didn't take long for her to come again. Poor Seth was still hard and unsatisfied.
Once she recovered, she got off him and stood up leaving him wanting. She looked in her backpack and got a piece of rope. She told him to sit up. She tied his hand behind him and then pushed him on his side. His hard cock was standing out towards her.
"Tammy, would you like to join me on the blanket?" she asked and smiled. "I'd love to taste your pussy."
I wasn't sure of the power dynamic going on here, but June was extremely hot, and I needed my pussy licked
I went over and laid on the blanket with her. June crawled between my legs and licked my bare pussy from top to bottom with her flat soft tongue. I've found that women have a different approach to oral sex than men. They take their time and know what feels good to them. Don't get me wrong, I love a guy going down on me if he knows what his doing, but it's simply different with a woman. Guys are a little rougher and more aggressive but it's manly. A man can make me scream over and over with just his tongue. I love that's a good lover.
June said, "Boy Seth, you're really missing out being blindfolded. If you'd done what I said, you could see this. I know you've wanted to see me go down on a woman. I've never licked a shaved pussy before. It's so soft and smooth. I can see everything so clearly. I may start shaving mine."
"What do you think, Seth? Should I shave my pussy?""
"Yes, I'd love you to shave your pussy."
"It's a shame that you can't lick Tammy's so you could feel what it's like."
"I'd like to."
"But you're tied up right now," she laughed.
I wasn't sure what was going on, but I had an expert tongue on my clit and a hard dick a foot away from me. Poor Seth was so hard it must have been painful. It didn't help that all he could hear was the sound of two women, one moaning while the other was tongue-lashing her.
June sucked my clit into her mouth and then released it several times. She held on to it and she whipped her tongue back and forth over it. I released another scream over the river. She'd had practice licking pussy. She knew exactly where and when to lick me to get me off.
She pulled herself up to me and kissed me on the mouth. I could taste myself on her lips. I reached over and circled her nipples with my fingers and then moved down to suck them. She reached over and gave Seth's cock one stroke that made him moan.
"I loved my nipples sucked and nibbled," she said. I obliged her by sucking and tonguing each of them. She had lovely breasts. Not as big as mine but a nice size and very firm and perky. "She's very good at licking my tits, Seth. If you could see her, you could pick up some pointers."
My hand traveled over her flat tummy to her pussy as I continued sucking on her nipples. My finger touched her clit, and her moaning became more intense. She spread her legs wide.
"Tammy, would you like to taste me?"
"Very much."
"Should we let Seth watch? He'd like that."
"It seems only fair since I watched," I said.
"Seth, ask Tammy nicely if you can watch."
"Tammy, could I please watch while you lick June's pussy?"
"Sure Seth, I'll take off your blindfold."
I got up and stood straddling Seth's head. I reached down and pulled off his blindfold. He looked up and saw my big tits dangling over his head and when I stood up, he saw my spread-open bare pussy. His cock got even harder. I reached down and stroked his cock once. It seemed only nice.
"Say thank you to Tammy."
"Thank you for taking off my blindfold so I can watch and thank you for stroking my cock."
June said, "Watch what she's doing to learn something."
I went back and got between June's legs and licked her from bottom to top. She was so wet I could see her fluids running out of her, over her asshole, and onto the blanket. I circled her clit with my tongue until she was moaning. Then I shoved two fingers into her opening and sucked her clit hard.
"More fingers! Fuck me."
I stroked her g-spot with the two fingers already in her, and she started twisting under me. I pulled out my fingers, and she moaned like she missed them in her. I put them back along with a third and she started squealing. I pulled them out and added a fourth and she started writhing around. I bent down and sucked hard on her clit as I moved my four fingers rapidly in and out of her hole. They made a squishy sound as they were bathed in her fluids. She screamed and moved her hips trying to push my fingers deeper. I could have put my whole hand in there and she would have loved it. Maybe another time.
As she calmed down, I moved up next to her and kissed her deeply. She said, "That was the best orgasm a woman had ever given me. Thank you, Tammy."
Seth's eyes were bulging, and his cock must have been painful.
"What are you going do for Seth," I asked.
"I think he'd like you to make him come. Right, Seth?
"Yes please," Tammy said.
"Is that ok with you?" June asked.
"Sure, if you untie him. Do you think he'll satisfy me?" I asked.
"He'd better or he knows what will happen to him."
June worked on untying his hands. I got on my hands and knees right in front of him. There was lust in his eyes. When he was finally free, he wasted no time getting behind me.
"Remember Seth, you have to make Tammy come first," June said. Seth nodded.
He lined up with my opening and shoved his swollen cock in me. It felt good. I needed a good fucking. His hands were on my hips, and he pulled them to him as he shoved into me. He wasn't going to go slow. I don't think he could have. My big tits were swinging under me, and he reached down and grabbed them as he continued his thrusts. He rolled my nipples between his fingers, and I could feel my excitement building.
I had no idea he would last this long. He'd been hard for a long time. The head of his cock was the size of a small plum and about the same color. I didn't think he'd get all the way in before he came. I couldn't help but wonder what June would do if he came before me. He was pounding away, and I felt an orgasm coming. I dropped down so that my face was against the blanket. His thrusts were getting faster and harder, and I was uttering little squeaks each time his balls hit my pussy. I could feel myself about to come and I squeezed down hard on his cock, and he started grunting. My muscles tensed and my back arched as I came, screaming into the blanket. Hearing my scream, he came with his cock pressed deep inside me. The feeling of his come flooding my pussy sent another surge of pleasure through me. He was still pumping into me slowly. He was showing no signs of getting soft.
"Is he still hard?" June asked.
I nodded. She knelt beside me on her hands and knees and said, "Give me some of that."
He pulled out of me and shoved himself into June. He was still hard as a tree trunk. I rolled over on my side and watched them. I had a splendid view of both his cock moving in and out of her and her tits moving under her. I was horny again. I started fingering my clit and June saw me.
"Put your pussy in front of me and I'll lick you. Or I can make Seth fuck you again after he's made me come," she said. "Or both."
I moved around, bent my knees, and slid my pussy under June's face. She dropped down to her elbows and put her mouth on my pussy. It was hard to coordinate because Seth sped up when he saw what was happening. June licked Seth's cum out of me and then held her lips around my clit. Every motion Seth made, pushed her lips against my clit. I squeezed, pinched, twisted, and pulled my nipples. I looked up and saw Seth's face above June's ass staring at me mauling my tits.
Seth started fast, short, staccato strokes into June. He was going to come again. He started groaning and so did June with her lips pressed hard against my clit, vibrating it. The vibration made me start pushing up against June's. Three more strokes and three more groans and Seth came. His last stroke was his hardest yet, pushing June hard against me. She sucked my clit into her mouth and flicked it with her tongue. I was gone. June was twitching; impaled on Seth.
Seth pulled out of June and lay down, and I could see that he was softening. June was speaking gibberish curled up into a ball and I was not sure I could move. We must have been quite the sight lying there, legs spread, covered in sweat, and leaking cum.
It was getting dark. We packed up our things and headed back to the parking lot. I had never taken off my shoes and socks. I was just going to watch them.
It was at least three miles back to our cars but at least it was downhill. It wasn't easy for me to walk, and June seemed to be having some difficulty too. An afternoon of hard fucking will do that to a girl.
We didn't bother to dress until we got back to the cars. We kissed and hugged and swapped numbers.
"Do you want Seth to fuck you again before we leave?"
"I'm good."
"How often do you two come out here?" I asked.
"Most nice days when school doesn't get in the way."
"Do you mind if I bring Martin next time?"
"That would be great. It might be fun having another guy around to satisfy us. Maybe we could have some contests."
I got back into Martin's car and drove home. I never asked what game the two of them were playing. They sure seemed to get off on it. I was a beneficiary of it too. I wonder if they would have acted differently if I hadn't been there.
When I made it home to Martin's, I told him all about my encounter with June and Seth. It was fun telling him about the day and I could see he was excited and a little jealous he wasn't there.
"It's hard to believe that Seth would let June treat him that way," Martin said.
"I don't know. He came in two different girls and got to watch his girlfriend and me have sex. I think that he enjoyed the day," I said.
"But she slapped him, blindfolded him, and tied him up," Martin said.
"Don't you think he deserved being slapped and blindfolded for staring at my tits when he should have been paying attention to the girl he was fucking? He got three warnings."
"But she tied him up when she was fucking you."
"He would have interfered. And after she untied him, he got to fuck both of us."
"What would she have done if he came before you?"
"I don't know but it would be fun to find out."
Martin shook his head. He looked a little worried by my tone, but he was sorry he wasn't there.
He decided he needed a study break after hearing my story, so we went to bed for a couple of hours.
"I've got their phone number. Maybe we can go hiking with them sometime." I said and smiled broadly.
I was sure glad I asked if I could watch rather than being rude and sneaking a peek through the trees. Asking, made the day a lot more fun. She didn't mention what June had said about having contests.
Author's postscript: Thanks for reading my story. If you have any suggestions for more adventures for Tammy, please let me know by public comment.
Please vote/comment below. You don't need to be a member to vote or comment.