There's a lot of exposition in this chapter, but I hope that you will agree that knowing the characters is essential to the overall effect. Matt and Emma both turned 18 at the beginning of their senior year of high school, before either of them was sexually active; and everyone else engaged in sexual activities is likewise 18 or older.
I first met Emma on the day that I turned eleven. Her family had just moved in next door a few days prior, and my mom insisted that I invite her to my party. I resisted: a party was for playing with friends, not meeting new people. Certainly not new girls. Shows what I knew.
When my parents asked what I thought of her after the party, my honest answer was 'surprising'. In truth it was somewhere about equally between 'frustrating' and 'fascinating'. Mostly because she had blown straight past me on a deep ball for a touchdown in a backyard game of flag football. She'd loved it: my friends had loved it even more. And I was too impressed to be as embarrassed as I should have been.A girl could do that?
In those days, my dad's work was making a lot of noise about financial difficulties, and mom had picked up a part time job to help out. Most of her shifts were during the school day, so I never quite realised the extent of her commitment. As far as I could tell, it just seemed to mean that I had to stay late at school a day or two every week. One of the older teachers -- Mrs Williams -- ran an after-school club out of her classroom, and she had the sort of gentle touch with discipline that made her popular with well-meaning but occasionally rowdy schoolkids. Sometimes I look back and wonder why she did it. Unless the school had money then that it doesn't now, I can't imagine that she was paid, at least not enough for it to be worth her time. But you're not here for that sort of speculation.
Anyway: when we weren't keeping ourselves sufficiently entertained, or there was a smaller group, she would sometimes pull out puzzles or boardgames to play. A few weeks before my birthday, she had introduced us to chess, and I had taken to it as only a kid who doesn't realise how uncool it was could. My mom was very pleased on the drive home: she'd been quite good when she was young. But when we got home she couldn't find her old board. Lost in a move, or maybe still with her parents: no playing for us. My birthday list was already full, and though I didn't really understand what 'financial difficulties' meant, I knew enough not to push my luck. So I would play at school, with some other friends who were happy to be uncool, and simply accepted that it wasn't a game for at home.
My mom was, of course, much smarter than I was, though it took some time for me to realise it. Because, as I was opening gifts from friends after they'd left (good manners, I was told, so that no one who brought a small gift or couldn't afford one would be embarrassed), I opened Emma's last -- and inside the neatly-wrapped box was a plastic chess set, just like we had at school. No doubt her parents, sending their daughter to, essentially, some stranger's birthday party, had asked my mom about presents. But it would be years before I put that together: as far as I could tell, she'd simply read my mind.
It was only polite, mom insisted, to invite her over to play; and I think that I took less convincing than she had expected. I was already halfway convinced that Emma was some sort of fairy or other supernatural creature, and I had this dim notion -- I don't know where it came from -- that beating her in a game of chess would limit her power over me.
And I did beat her: the third time. She would later claim that she had felt bad for me after the first two and let me win, but nearly ten years later I can just about smell her lies, and this one doesn't quite come off. Not that anything but the first game really mattered. Armed with the delusion that no 11-year-old could possibly understand the game better than I did, I had to call my mom in after Emma declared checkmate with the smirk that I would come to know so well. When the situation was confirmed, honour demanded a rematch -- which ended with the same smirk.
I could have hated her, I suppose. Maybe I did, a bit: but really I just needed a way to beat her. We were in the same grade, though not all of the same classes; but we did have math together. And that week we had a test. Looking back, it wasn't quite a fair fight, since she'd arrived halfway through the unit, and had obviously been learning something quite different at her old school. But even if I'd thought of that, it wouldn't have changed anything. I needed a win; and I got it. My turn to smirk, as she'd turned to show me a red 92. I held up four fingers and mouthed 'ninety-four'. Her eyes held mine with what I knew was the same look I'd given her from across the chessboard. Defiance, and a conviction that she'd get the last smirk.
This more or less set the tone for the next few years. Whatever we did together -- school, sports, video games -- our honour was at stake in every interaction. A couple of years later we went to different middle schools, which meant that she especially started making new friends, and though we went to the same high school we continued to move in slightly different circles. It feels like a cliche -- the childhood friends who drift apart in high school -- but in truth it wasn't that dramatic. We were, if anything, too similar, and both of our social lives were mostly dictated by sports. But not the same ones. I played baseball, and volleyball in the winter when I couldn't, though I topped out at 5'11 and by the end only got the playing time that I did due to certain defensive skills. But the team was full of my friends, and it was baseball that I really cared about.
Not, I suppose, that you care that much, dear reader. This isn't a story about a high school baseball player with equal talents for slap singles to right field and misreading routine flyballs. I'd more or less figured the latter out by senior year, but in the meantime I'd settled in as a catcher, with strict instructions to get out of the third baseman's way in the event of a pop-up.
Ahem.
Emma, on the other hand, was a swimmer and a handy shooting guard. She reached her full height of 5'8 early, and though eventually others had caught up, her catch-and-shoot game kept her on the court. In hindsight, it probably wasn't an accident that we had settled into different sports. Competition can be exhausting, especially when you're dealing with the other pressures of team sports. But it did mean that we never travelled to tournaments together, and often had clashing practice schedules. So we didn't quite drift apart: it was more like two magnets turned the wrong way, holding each other at a safe distance.
We both turned 18 near the beginning of our senior year, which meant lots of requests from friends to buy alcohol. Great power, great responsibility -- Emma was better at that than I was. I didn't drink much myself, but wasn't above pocketing a finder's fee from anyone in search of my services. I spread my buying out between a few shops, but even then I probably wasn't fooling anyone. Oh well. Simpler times, or something.
As I said, I never got quite as tall as I'd hoped, but at 5'11 I couldn't complain too much. At least I was taller than Emma -- the two years between her first growth spurt and mine had been rough. She could still crow that she, at least, was above average height; but any criticism coming from that close to the ground didn't couldn't leave too much of a mark. Sports kept me trim, and years of swinging a bat filled out my shoulders and forearms. I kept my dark-brown hair at a length that most would call 'shaggy', influenced by some baseball friends who were also on the hockey team. My eyes were brown, too, and my stubble grew in surprisingly fully. School dress code still meant that I had to shave once a week or so, but I could pull off the devil-may-care look pretty well.
Emma had always been thin, and when she shot up like a giraffe in ninth grade she really did look as though she'd been stretched. Her hair was sandy, with a bit of wave to it, and she kept it at about shoulder-length. Her eyes were a striking green, which made it too easy to make fun of her for getting jealous whenever I bested her. Her breasts were small, and I teased her for being flat-chested, but she could surprise in a bikini. Swimming kept her in shape, and her long legs ended in a surprisingly full bottom; for some reason I never said anything about that.
Now, look -- I'm writing this with the benefit of hindsight. And it is that kind of story. Maybe you can guess where things will end up; but you won't guess how they get there. At any rate, I certainly noticed these things at the time, ever since puberty gave my dick a say; but it was always somehow abstracted. I was never really attracted to her, in any sense beyond the academic. There may have been a wank or two, but at that age I would wank to anything that seemed to be both human and in possession of a vagina. Some men go for boobs, and I don't blame them, or butts -- a taste that I acquired later -- but for me it was the vagina that held the deepest fascination. Men had butts, and boobs if they were unlucky, but the pussy seemed somehow the quintessence of a woman's alien sexuality.
Not that you asked. Anyway, it was around that time that I started to learn something about the vagina. Not Emma's -- you had to be nice to a girl if you wanted her to take her clothes off, and that certainly wasn't going to happen. In truth, I don't think it even occurred to me that I could have dated Emma. Besides, admitting any sort of attraction would be giving her ammunition for life.
No, it was Alexis, another senior, who gave me my introduction to the female form. She was another volleyball player. One tournament she dared me to sneak away after curfew -- it wasn't just Emma who knew how to exploit my pride -- and soon enough we were on a park bench in the dark, kissing as only teenagers would dare do in public. Between our youth and the lack of privacy, we were both pretty happy with that, and when we found seats next to each other on the bus home I thought there'd be a chance for more, but my wandering hands were rebuffed at every turn. With Alexis, there was never anything more than kissing if there was any chance that someone else might see.
We spent the next few months fumbling our way towards sex. Neither of us had any experience, nor the confidence to push things, and though it was exciting at the time it's hard to look back on now. Luckily, this story isn't about her. The one thing I will always remember, though, is that she kept her pussy perfectly hairless. I don't know if she shaved, or waxed, or what, but it worked.
Our first time was memorable mostly for the wrong reasons. We'd watched a movie in the lounge, her parents had gone to bed, and something got into her. We were both, well, enthusiastic. I didn't have a condom -- it wasn't planned -- so I had to pull out, and managed to cum all over the couch cushion. It stained.
That was probably the beginning of the end. We'd both gotten what we wanted, I think, and after volleyball season ended we saw less of each other. She was the one who called it off eventually, which I thought was nice as it spared me the difficulty. We don't see each other much anymore, but we still text on our birthdays.
Emma's dating life was always a bit of a mystery to me. Probably she worried that any man attached to her would be another angle for attack. She tried the same trick with Alexis, but it wasn't her best work, and between Emma's green eyes and Alexis's rather larger boobs, I had a pretty robust counter-attack. Every once in a while I'd tease her for being unloved and unlovable, and though her denials were never empty it never occurred to me to press the issue. She was somehow sexless to me, as I suspected I was to her. I was happy enough for her to be getting some, if that was indeed what was happening, but the details didn't seem important.
More important than Alexis, though, was Jane, who was adventurous in a way that defied her name. She was hardly plain; and anything but innocent. Perhaps demonstrative is an exchange from the first time that we sexted, and I made the mistake of referring to her pussy.
'It's a cunt,' came her immediate objection. 'Some good girl, who's never really learned what her body can do, might tell her husband on her wedding night that he could finally have her pussy. Women who use it know it's a cunt.'
And Jane knew how to use it. I assume that she appreciated my enthusiasm, and perhaps a lingering air of innocence; but I was a summer project, little more. Whom she been with before me I never asked, though mentioning her name to the right people brought a far-off look to their eye. We were both in the right place at the right time; and at that age, who could ask for more?
This isn't a story about Jane, at least not directly, but she taught me so much that something needs to be said. If not for Jane's influence, maybe none of the rest would have happened. I learned a lot about various physical mechanics from her, to be sure, but more than anything I learned confidence. It was her who taught me that, if I wanted something, I should go out and grab it.
We hooked up for the first time at a pool party. The house belonged to a friend of a friend, I think, whose parents were either out of town or uncommonly liberal. We spent most of the afternoon between the pool and the deck, drinking lazily, enjoying the water, sun, and youth. Jane arrived with some friends in the early evening, as a buddy and I were trying to get the grill going for burgers.
I'd been in a room with Jane before, but this was the first time that wenoticedeach other. Under other circumstances, you might almost call her a tomboy. She kept her black hair short, and no one had ever seen her in a dress. But she was so comfortable in her skin that the overwhelming impression was of a kind of unfiltered femininity. The kind that didn't shave her cunt, would fuck you on her period, or sit on your face until you passed out. As I would learn.
I heard her before I saw her. 'So this is where we get the meat, is it?' We'd just put the burgers down, which I turned to tell the unseen stranger, but seeing her my words tried to go back down my throat and choke me. I was young, and she couldn't have wanted anything else, dressed as she was. Her personality belied her height, which can't have been more than 5'3. She had sharp brown eyes, and might have been cute if not for a certain swagger that pushed everything into the realm of sexy. But my troubles arose from a neon-pink bikini, which presented more than concealed breasts that I would soon learn made for a very pleasant handful. The rest of her body had a certain softness to it. It wasn't that she was overweight: more that some aspect of her feminine biology prevented the development of any straight edge. Her hips were sweet curves, shaping out to a full ass; and the pink triangle of her bottoms did not quite contain her full bush. After Alexis, this alone would have been enough to boggle the mind.
In truth I was slightly terrified, not quite sure how to handle a woman who so clearly knew how to handle herself. 'Uhh, yeah,' I got out after a delay that probably wasn't as long as it felt. 'Burgers have just gone on, and we can call you over when they're ready.'
I felt transfixed, like a squirrel that has just seen a hawk circling in the distance, praying (if squirrels pray) that it would not be seen. But of course I had been. 'Good stuff, burger boy.'
She turned, sharply and deliberately, and as she walked away I noticed that her ass completely swallowed the thin line of her thong. But soon enough burgers, and a line of people to be served, drove her from my mind, until everything was cooked and I was about to turn off the grill. 'Hey burger boy, wanna toast my bun?'
Once again I met those predatory brown eyes. She wanted something from me -- not just a toasted burger bun -- but my brain couldn't move in a straight line. 'Yeah, sure,' I said lamely, when the silence had grown too long, and started to reach for the bag of buns. But she surprised me by stepping in closer and grabbing my beer. 'Thisis what you were supposed to do,' she said with a giggle, before raising the bottle and proclaiming in an artificially hushed tone: 'to the best ass at the pool.' Then with a swig she sauntered off, giving me ample opportunity to assess that claim.
Alexis had never drawn much attention to her ass, preferring to keep attention on her, to be fair, pretty impressive breasts. Now, watching Jane move away, I started to wonder if I hadn't been missing out on something. She flicked her head back, suddenly, and me neck snapped up to meet her stare. I turned away, blushing, but there was laughter in her eyes. The hawk had dived, and I was caught.
I wasn't sure if she actually wanted a toasted bun, but this game was starting to draw something out of me. She'd come to me twice, and somehow it seemed like it was my turn to reciprocate. Dressing a basic burger, I flicked the gas off and wandered off towards the pool. Jane was sitting with a friend, still drinking my beer, which I swiped from her hand as I walked up behind her. As she turned to object, I presented the burger. 'Your toasted bun.'
There was a curiosity in her eyes as she accepted the plate. Lifting the burger to her mouth, she took a bite and quite ostentatiously licked her lips after swallowing. 'Not bad, burger boy.'
'Matt,' I said, which was about as bold as I could be. She noticed, and straightened a bit in her seat, which pushed her boobs up in a way that made me almost pathetically desperate to grab them.
'Jane. And you owe me a beer.' I didn't, really, seeing as I'd done no more than recover my own. But it was a chance to keep things moving, and I wasn't about to complain. The next couple of hours continued in the same fashion: every once in a while I would find my way to Jane, and she would flirt lightly while I did my best to keep her interested.
A few hours, and a few beers, later, most of the party had moved inside, and I was about to join them when I heard a splash from the pool. Turning, I saw Jane's head bob above the water. 'Looks like it's just us, burger boy.' Then something wet flopped on the ground in front of me. Pink fabric, loose strings. My dick recognised it before my brain, and started to swell as I heard, 'See something you like?'
I swallowed, and tried to be quick. 'I'm not sure yet.' I wasn't, really, and my brain still hadn't figured out what was happening. But it was apparently the right answer.
'Come take a closer look, then', and she pushed herself up just high enough under the water to show the outline of soft flesh. In a strange moment of clarity (and here I credit Alexis's attention to detail), I quickly switched off the pool lights, so we couldn't be seen so easily from inside, before surrendering to my dick's judgment and diving in next to her.
She turned away from the splash and I caught her from behind, filling my hands with her boobs and squishing my rapidly hardening dick into her lower back. 'That's the way, burger boy.' Then she wriggled herself around, and my mouth dropped to hers for a kiss. We made out for a while as my hands dropped to her ass, pulling her up a little bit as she adjusted to let my dick rub against her crotch. That was fun, but were both quite aware that time was limited. The added excitement of doing something so public was also having a very real effect on my stamina. Luckily, the same was true for her, and eventually she pushed away. Light spilling from the windows caught in her eyes, revealing her arousal, as she whispered 'finger me.'
I stepped forward and, holding her breasts again, encouraged her to turn until her back was pressed into my chest. Then, using one hand to pinch her receptive nipple, the other dropped into her bush, marvelling at how different it felt from Alexis's exposed skin. But then I pushed into her bottoms, and found the warmth of her cunt, and things felt very familiar. With more enthusiasm than skill I pushed one and then two fingers into a very different kind of wetness, and she pushed forward with her hips to grind her clit against my palm. She moaned, and I brought my other hand up from her breast to her face, mostly out of fear of being caught, but she loved it, pushing harder against my fingers and moaning again to force my hand harder against her mouth. I knew enough to stick with what seemed to be working, and soon enough her body tightened in orgasm. I was quite pleased with myself, though in hindsight it had more to do with her knowing what she wanted than any special talent on my part. But still: right place, right time.
I pulled my hand away from her crotch, and she turned to crush against me, her breasts squishing against my chest. She gave me a deep kiss as her hand reached down to find my dick, which was starting to feel sorely neglected. Breaking the kiss, she breathed into my ear, 'Get out.'
There wasn't enough blood left for my brain to question this, so I pushed myself out of the water, my swimming trunks tented obscenely. She followed me out, and in the half light I got my first real look at her boobs, capped by large brown nipples. Hoping that our plans were the same, I sat on one of the loungers and, too horny to worry, pushed off my trunks. Then she was on her knees in front of me, and I leaned back as she took my dick between her lips. No one ever admitted to seeing us, and my eyes were locked so tightly on her bobbing head that we could have been completely surrounded and I would have never known. But I wasn't going to last long, which was probably for the best. 'I'm gonna cum,' I warned quietly, and I began to panic that she hadn't heard when my pleasure began to boil over. I repeated it, more urgently, but she just pushed her mouth down and held it there as my orgasm pulsed through my body and into her mouth. Finally, she pulled off, and as her eyes met mine she let a bit of cum dribble over her lips and onto her boobs before swallowing the rest. 'Whoops'.
Then she slipped back into the water, and I was left alone with my thoughts for a second. I had never seen anything so absurdly sexual. With Alexis there had real affection, and everything had felt so important as we opened our bodies to each other. Jane had just identified something that she wanted -- me -- and taken it. I wasn't even sure that I'd ever see her again, much less take things further. She had (and I won't apologise for the pun) completely blown my mind.
'Toss me my top, will you?' her voice broke me from my reverie.
'Uhh, yeah,' I stuttered, nearly tripping over my own trunks as I stood up.
'And put that thing away! It's not getting anymore tonight.'
Tonight. The word rang in my ears as I hopped sideways, nearly stumbling as I tried to restore my modesty.So maybe we are in for more.My dick was still half-hard, and didn't soften as I grabbed her bikini top and tossed it to her -- high, so that she'd had to reach up and expose those boobs one more time. She only chuckled as I took in another glimpse of her proud nipples. Tying the top, she came out of the water and approached me again. 'Think I got all of the cum off?' she asked, pushing her boobs up from below. Looking down, it occurred to me that I would have happily licked them anyway. The feeling surprised me, but I didn't have time think it through before she popped up on her toes to give me a kiss on the cheek. 'You're alright, burger boy. You go back in, tell them you were tidying up or something: you seem the sort. I'm gonna sneak off home. I got everything that I wanted here.' She gave my dick a squeeze as the said the last part, and with that I was fully hard again. 'Not tonight,' she said with a laugh. 'But I like your enthusiasm.' Then, true to her word, she turned away, grabbing her bag and slipping out a side gate.
That was Jane. In the next few days she got my number from a mutual friend, and spent the rest of the summer teaching me just how crazy she could be -- and how to handle a woman who knew what she wanted. The only thing that we didn't do was anal, which she apparently didn't like; and given that this was just about her only boundary, I wasn't about to push it too hard. In hindsight (heh), I wish that I'd done more with her ass; but then some of these stories wouldn't have gone in quite the same way.
I was probably infatuated with her (an inevitable side effect, at 18, of watching her swallow my cum so often), but this was never going to be a relationship. She went back to a different uni about a week before I went off to mine, and she was smart enough not to let me embarrass myself with a long goodbye. She ended up leaving the country a few years later, and I haven't seen her since. But Facebook tells me that she's married, and I'm glad that she found someone who could keep up with her.
Emma and I both applied to the same uni, and inevitably we were both accepted. It was a few hours to the north, near to where she was born. She spent a lot of her summers up there with some cousins, and that year was no different. So she never met Jane, and it was a few months since I'd seen her by the time my parents drove me up.
There was a weird issue with uni housing that year, and the official advice was for first years to find a flat if they could. Emma was going to move in with an older cousin, Kim, just finishing her own studies, and I had a baseball teammate who'd gone up the year before who had a vacant room. I don't know how things would have been in a proper dorm, but I can't say that I really felt like I'd missed out.
My parents stayed for a couple nights to see the city and help me settle (read: buy me all the things that I never realised a flat would need), and the day the left I went out for pub trivia with my flatmate, Steve (a third, John, was still out of town) and Emma. Her cousin, Kim, was supposed to join us too, but there was some drama with one of her friends and she had to go try to clean things up. I got to know Kim pretty well in the end (notthatway -- Emma would have killed me), but her friends were always a problem. Sometimes I think she liked appearing stable by comparison.
The pub was crowded with new and returning students as well as the old regulars. It was a lesson in humility for both me and Emma. Steve was pretty sharp, but the questions were written for people with more than just a high school education, and he couldn't carry the team alone. At least Emma and I were equally bad. Not that we agreed on that: just that we could each jibe the other for being embarrassingly wrong with about the same frequency.
We finished 17th of 24, and mostly felt bad for Steve that we hadn't carried our weight better (you could tell it was bad because Emma was willing to admit this, rather than blame it all on me). We stayed for another couple of hours, drinking more than we should have, but enjoying the feeling of freedom and potential.
Eventually the equilibrium between our bank balances and sobriety passed the point of good sense, and we agreed to call it a night. Steve went straight back to our flat, but I wanted to catch up more with Emma and tagged along to hers. We talked a bit as we went, but mostly fell into a companionable silence. I was glad, though I'd never admit it, that she was here too. I'd never lived anywhere except the town I grew up in -- hell, the house I grew up in -- and, young and confident as I was, I knew that this was a big change. It wasn't until many years later that I learned that she felt the same way, though in a way I always knew it.
As we turned onto her street she started talking about the cousins with whom she'd spent the summer. They had visited her periodically as we grew up, so I knew most of them, or at least their names, and listened happily to the updates in their lives. We'd just walked in the front door, opening into a small but cozy lounge, framed by couches on two sides by couches and a kitchen bar on the third. A hallway leading to the bedrooms disappeared into darkness behind the kitchen. Emma quickly popped down to check on Kim, but she hadn't made it home yet.
I settled on one couch, and Emma plopped herself down on the other. 'Oh, and little Mikey!'
'What about him?'
Mike was Kim's youngest brother, who'd just turned 15 or 16 -- I blamed my memory issues on the beers. I hadn't seen him in a few years, but in my experience the nickname held true. I think he'd been about 5'2 -- well shorter than me, even before I'd finished growing. 'Not so little anymore! He says he's 6'4, and he might just be right!'
'No way.'
'Here, take a look,' and she tossed her phone across to me.
It was a bad throw, but I caught it with a twist. 'Don't drop it!' she giggled.
'That's on you.' I looked down and saw her face again, shrunken and smiling from the middle of a group. Next to her, true to her word, was indeed someone who looked like John -- if he'd been put through a pasta machine. Emma was in heels, and probably pushing six feet, but even then he towered above her. 'Unreal.'
'Take a look at the rest, there should be some other familiar faces too.' I started swiping forward, past a sequence of smiling group photos and what seemed to be increasingly drunken selfies. I recognised a few faces, but not many. The other faces started to blur, and Emma, constant across them all, started to stand out more clearly -- especially her black dress, which (I couldn't help but notice) sat low on her chest, presenting more of her small boobs than I was probably supposed to notice.
Then, suddenly, there was Emma in that dress, but alone; and not in a bar or club, but a... bedroom? My confusion must have shown in my face. 'Something interesting?' she asked from her couch.
I looked up. She wore a crooked smile, which was nothing new, but there was something in her eyes that I didn't recognise. I'm still not sure why I did what I did next. Maybe it was the beer. Maybe it was being in a new city, the air of opportunity and potential. Certainly it had something to do with Jane. I think I knew that it would change things, but I couldn't have guessed how much. 'I'm not sure yet', and I held her eyes as I swiped forward again.
Her eyes led mine down, and my heart skittered. She was still there, but the dress wasn't. A black lace bra gave a full view of her nipples, and a matching thong sat on her hips. Something primal drew my eyes back to her breasts, where large areolae and prominent nipples pressed firmly against the fabric. Adrenaline shot through my system -- and something else shot through my groin. I looked up again.
She wasn't quite smiling anymore, but the strange light in her eyes seemed even brighter. There was defiance there, and maybe some fear; but playfulness, too. Below that, something that I still couldn't place. Did shewantme to be doing this? Again, something seemed to speak through me. 'Risky, leaving these where anyone could see.'
Without waiting for a response, I swiped again. I don't know what I expected to see. It wasn't Emma on her knees, her lips wrapped around a dick, her eyes piercing the camera with arousal. For a second I could not form a conscious thought. I looked down -- I had to -- but her bra had stayed on.
My eyes met hers again. They still danced with defiance, but the fear was gone, and the weird look from earlier even stronger: the same as the look in the photo. Arousal. She was enjoying this. I was too: too much. 'Or maybe you like to be seen?' She tried to shake her head, but it's hard to lie when you're giving someone blowjob eyes.
I wanted -- needed -- to see more. The urge was overwhelming, and surprising. Emma was cute, sure, I'd always known that; and with her small boobs she often went without a bra, which I never tried very hard not to notice. But that was a man's prerogative, and more about curiosity than desire. That wouldn't be true again.
But whatever power had guided me this far was telling me that it was time to quit. Before I could think any more, I tossed her phone back to her. 'Bastard' she whispered, breathlessly; but there was no venom in it.
'Slut,' I replied. Again she shook her head; again her eyes held the truth. My nerve wasn't going to hold much longer. 'I'll let you get some sleep. See ya later, yeah?'
I was as hard as I'd ever been, and I didn't bother to adjust my dick as I stood. Her eyes shot to it, but after what I'd seen it seemed only fair. Only once I was out of the door did I tuck it up into my waistband, smearing precum on my hand as I did. Holy fuck. The whole incident had lasted maybe a minute, but it felt like I'd spent half my life on that couch, staring into Emma's eyes. 'Slut', I'd called her, and from the look in her eyes I knew that it was right. Not an insult: just a statement.She liked to be seen.
In truth, I hadn't seen that much of her body. Just the ghost of her nipples through the bra. I hadn't even looked closely enough at her crotch to see if she shaved. But then again, there was the blowjob. Seeing the picture, and then seeing the same look in her eyes, was somehow far more erotic than a random glance of her fully naked body could have been.
Then something else struck me. I had been in control. She had just listened and agreed; and it had only ended because I stopped things. The natural conclusion struck me with another wave of adrenaline and arousal.We could do this again.
We will do this again.
It was late, and the roads were quiet, which was lucky because I was not paying any attention to what my legs were doing. But they knew the path, and soon enough I was back at my own flat. Kicking my shoes off, I sat down on my own couch and checked my phone for the first time since leaving.
Emma had texted.Of course she had. Whatever else she felt, she would hate that I had won. I swiped her message open with a smirk. How would she play it?
You weren't supposed to see those.
It wasn't a lie, exactly. But as soon as I had decided that I wanted to see them, she had let me. Maybe it wasn'tsupposedto happen, but it had. And now we had to decide what it meant.
As I thought, my hands freed the button on my shorts, giving an erection that still had not abated a bit of room to breathe.I could ignore it. Somehow it seemed clear that this would end it. Things had started because I had pushed them, and if I relaxed, the door would slam shut. My dick pulsed in silent objection.No surprise there.
The angel on my shoulder, having hitherto let his devilish counterpart run the evening, finally caught my attention.You don't want to hurt her. It was right. My brain was racing too fast to know exactly what I did want, but Emma was not a toy to play with and discard.
Butshedidn't pretend that it didn't happen. Clarity, with more adrenaline and arousal. I'd never cum without touching my dick, but I almost felt now that I could. The door wasn't closed; in fact, she had reminded me that it was open.
The response was written and sent before I could stop and think.
Where did he cum?
The thudding of my heart was the only sound in the room. Maybe in the world. Delivered. Read. I felt as if all my nerves had been shorted, my entire body tingling with anticipation. It wasn't really the message I'd just sent -- not quite tame, but a bit weird as sexts go -- so much as the recipient. Emma was a friend, a rival, someone I knew better than anyone I'd ever seen give a blowjob, even if it was just a photo.And I'm starting to know her even better. I knew, with a confidence that I didn't understand, that she was going to answer.
Three dots appeared maybe ten seconds -- time didn't seem to mean much right now -- after my text went through. Then a ding.
Wouldn't you like to know?
Ahh, there she was. I'd caught her off-guard at home, and taken advantage. She wanted this -- she wouldn't have responded if she didn't -- but she couldn't give anything to me. She wouldn't give me the pleasure.Heh. Maybe not the right choice of words.
Her game sounded fun. Maybe a decade of teasing her made it easier; not that the teasing had ever looked like this. Time to take back the initiative.
Show me.
The text was sent before I realised just what I'd asked for. It's one thing to look at a picture on someone else's phone, but quite another to request a photo of your own. Was there even a picture to send?There was. She likes to be seen.
Somewhere, a car door slammed and I jumped. Here I was on a couch in the lounge, my dick pushing my boxers up obscenely through a half-opened fly. And I was about to receive a photo of -- an image of Emma's laughing face, cum dripping from her nose and cheeks, struck me like a lightning bolt -- it was time to be somewhere more private.And lose these boxers, my dick added with a throb.
It was overdue. Luckily no one else seemed to be home, so I made it to my room unseen -- shorts slipping down, my boxers thrust out in front of me like a windvane. I grabbed my phone from my pocket before kicking them off along with my boxers and unbuttoned my shirt as I flopped onto the bed. For the first time that night my hand wandered down to my dick and felt it burning. I wasn't even sure at this point that an orgasm would meaningfully soften it.
My phone buzzed: my breath caught. But it was a text, not an image.
You think I took a picure of that?
Yes
Then, after a second,
And you want me to see.
If I'd learned a lot about Emma tonight, I'd learned more about myself. Was this how I talked? To Emma? Whoever this new Matt was, he was a complete stranger. My dick still burned in my loosely gripped fingers, as if to remind me that, though we might not know him, we did like him. And it seemed that Emma did too.
Asshole.The screen lit up again. Then an image. You don't tend to remember an aneurysm, I think I read once, so maybe no one knows what they really feel like. But that moment gave me a pretty good idea.
A woman -- Emma -- was lying naked on her back. Her sandy hair formed a messy halo around her head, which was thrown back, the flush of her cheeks absurdly pretty. Flaring with desire, the same eyes I'd met earlier that night stared down her body and into the camera. Her pink lips were parted, too overcome by lust and pleasure to sit in their regular smirk. The shock of seeing her face transformed by arousal held my eyes in place for a moment; but only a moment.
Her breasts, humble but firm, sat high on her chest, and held their shape impressively against gravity. Her areolae, large in proportion, were a brilliant pink, and her nipples stood straight out, begging to be sucked. In the gentle slopes between them sat a single drop of cum, and down her belly the rest. She had an athlete's body, tight with the hint of underlying muscle, but no less feminine for it. Her belly button was full of cum: why this seemed so erotic, I'm not quite sure.
The photo cut off just below her hips. There was a bit of pubic hair visible, closer to brown than the hair on her head, but her pussy was out of the frame. Had she cropped it? It didn't look like it, and I wasn't sure that she would have anyway. She'd given me what I asked for, and I couldn't complain.
My dick finally wrested control of my hand away from my brain, and, slick with precum, exploded after embarrassingly few strokes. I laid my head back and let pleasure take me, breathing deeply as the pulsing in my dick finally slowed. When I opened my eyes again, I found my own chest nearly as covered in cum as hers had been, and the sight of my own belly button full of cum brought out a strange laugh. All of the thoughts that my brain couldn't process seemed to come out with it, and it continued for some time, ending only after it had broken down into a cough. Things would never again be the same with Emma, but even as the cloud of arousal lifted, I didn't feel any regret. I hadn't made her do anything, much as I had taken the lead. It had been her who sent me a nude.
Speaking of. I looked down at my phone, knowing that I ought to delete it, though not in any hurry to do so. But a new message had appeared beneath it.
He scooped some up and fed it to me. But you'll have to make do with a tissue.
I read the first sentence three times before making it to the second.Was this really Emma?The idea of her swallowing cum, and what amounted to permission to wank to the photo (as if I could have done anything but) had my dick nearly back to full strength. I grabbed my shirt -- not ideal, but all that I had to hand -- and roughly wiped down my front. With the same certainty that I'd felt when tossing her back her phone earlier, I knew that the game was over for tonight. But I couldn't let her get the last word.
Slut, I texted back. I could still see the look in her eyes when I'd said the same earlier: the acceptance, the pride, that so belied her half-hearted denial. I needed a shower.And another wank, came the vote from below my belt. It wasn't wrong. I snuck out to the bathroom, more boldly than I should have, and opened her picture again while waiting for the water to heat up. Istudiedit. I swear to this day I could still draw the pattern of cum splatters. Then, with a sigh, I deleted it. Emma had trusted me with it, and if somehow it got out from my phone -- it wasn't a thought that I wanted to entertain.And besides, she'll send it again if I ask. Once I was in the shower, I stroked myself more leisurely with a bit of conditioner, and came again to the image of Emma sucking on cum-coated fingers: my cum-coated fingers.