As you run along the boardwalk, you spot her. Another runner, going in the opposite direction. You size her up quickly. Early 20's. Caucasian. 5'5" tall. Her brown hair is darker than her lightly tanned shoulders. She wears it in a braid pulled through the back of her royal blue baseball hat, and it bounces lightly as she keeps up a steady jog.
Her chest bounces lightly too. Despite her breasts being crammed into a overly constricting black sports bra, there is still some visible bounce there, which you appreciate.
Her ass though. Her ass is the main event. And it doesn't bounce lightly. It thunders. Even in her black spandex shorts, her huge round ass wobbles and shakes, as she runs past you.
You run a good bit further, to make it less obvious, before making a hard U-turn. You catch up to her once again, and slow to match her pace about 40 yards back. Her big butt is mesmerizing. You imagine her sitting firmly on your face and refusing to let you up. Next, you picture her yawning and reading a magazine as you spank her giant ass with a ping pong paddle. Finally, you envision her getting relentlessly fucked in both holes. You smile at that last one, anticipating what's about to happen. Your cock is rock hard, as raise your right arm, and take careful aim.
The unremarkable looking wrist brace on your right arm suddenly hums to life. It glows neon yellow in various places for just a few seconds, before launching a softball-sized neon yellow orb that zips towards its intended target.
The pulsating orb strikes the bare skin of her lower back, right in between the bottom of her black sports bra and the top of her spandex shorts. It does not dissipate on impact. Instead, glowing neon-yellow energy-based tentacles burst forth, and immediately spring into action.
The biggest tentacle first loops around her narrow waist, to gain purchase. Smaller tendrils then quickly snake up and down, binding her wrists behind her back, and winding around her knees.
She is forced to stop in her tracks. She glances down at her encircled stomach, and then peeks over her shoulder at her bound wrists. Her eyes are wide with shock. Her mouth forms a perfect little "oh" in surprise. She peers down at her big ass, which juts out like a shelf behind her. Her hourglass figure is only accentuated by the glowing tentacles now coiling tighter and tighter around her bare midriff.
She feels the tentacles binding her knees begin to snake up the backs of both thighs. She has a moment to look concerned, before they slide lewdly over her huge wobbling ass. She can feel the warmth of the twin tentacles radiating through her spandex shorts, and she feels a shiver up her spine.
When they reach the bare skin of her lower back, both of the prowling, groping tentacles stop. They pause a moment, and seem to turn towards one another, as if conferring. Then they both plunge decisively past her stretchy waistband, and into her spandex shorts.
She can feel both tentacles thickening as they elide over her fat ass, which is slick with sweat. She is not wearing underwear, and she shudders as she feels the tip of one intruder nosing against her pussy. And she gasps as, seconds later, she feels its twin slowly burrowing in between her thick cheeks, towards her other hole.
She says a quick little prayer to herself. Not a real prayer. More like a, "please go easy on by big fat butt, please." It's her last fully coherent thought before both tentacles simultaneously push their way inside of her.
She is relieved to find that the warm glowing tentacle gradually pushing upwards into her tight asshole is somehow self-lubricating. No such help is needed for the other tentacle, which is slowly thickening to fill every inch of her suddenly soaking wet pussy. She lets out a low moan as she gives in, surrendering her sopping wet cunt to her thick new friend.
By now, a small crowd of joggers, cyclists, and dog walkers has gathered around, to stare dumbfounded at the short woman with the big ass, who is getting relentlessly fucked by some weird tentacle-thing, right there in the middle of the boardwalk. There are murmurs of shock, but no one makes a move to intercede. A few take out cellphones, but you press another button on your wristband and all the phones shut down. This is a one-time only show. A few people gasp (and you smirk), as she builds towards her first very public orgasm.
"Omigod. Omigod. Omigod." The pace has steadily quickened ever since she surrendered her dripping cunt to her new best friend. "Omigod. Omigod." She can feel it building, and she knows her orgasm is going to hit her like a tidal wave. "OH MY FUCKING GOD!"
She thinks that she may have screamed that last line out loud. Her eyes roll, and she stands up ramrod straight on her tiptoes, with her wrists still bound tightly behind her, as she begins to squirt wildly.
She floods her poor stretched-out spandex shorts once, and then twice, and then a third time. Her tight black shorts go from wet as fuck, to fully saturated, to completely soaked through.
She is only semi-aware of the fact that she is now dripping through her spandex, onto the pavement. A few people in the crowd cheer, and others chuckle or giggle.
Her eyes slowly regain focus, and she is shocked to find 20+ people watching her. The men have visible erections, and a couple of the women are rubbing themselves through their skintight workout clothes. She is deeply embarrassed for a moment, and she tries to wiggle free.
In response to her efforts, the tentacles on her wrist retract and unwind. She is stunned to be free, and looks at her hands in wonder. But the moment is short lived. Other tentacles spring forth and quickly rebind her hands and wrists down around her ankles. She has to bend forward hard at the waist to make this work. As a result, her big ass sways back and forth, sticking straight up in the air.
She has done this pose before, while bending over to pick things up. Always to attract male attention. But she has never held it quite like this. She feels ludicrous. Posed for everyone with her big fat round ass in the air. She feels like a slut. A dumb slut. A dumb slut with a big ass. She also feels super fucking horny, as tendrils creep up, grab hold of her elastic waistband, and begin tugging her soaked shorts off her.
It had been a struggle getting those shorts on over her ass in the morning, and it is no easier getting them off now. Her spandex are still sopping wet, and they cling to her stickily. Nevertheless, her black shorts slowly give way. Her big ass seems to grow and expand, as the black spandex is peeled off her.
One last huge tug, and her soaked shorts slide all the way down to where her hands are still tied at her ankles. She feels her tremulous ass swaying back and forth in the open air breeze. She closes her eyes, as she next feels the two tentacles that had been patiently resting inside of her, allowing her a short respite, resume fucking her again.
She keeps her eyes tightly shut, to tune out the gawking onlookers. And yet, she knows they are right there. Eagerly crowded around her. Watching her get relentlessly fucked in both holes. Watching her moan, and pant, and cum. "What a dumb slut." No one says it out loud. But she can sense the group all reaching this inevitable conclusion. "What a dumb slut." She thinks it herself too, as she hurtles towards her second public orgasm.
It is simply too much for her. Her new twin masters continue to pummel her soaked pussy and her tight submissive asshole, with ever increasing urgency. Her huge ass twerks wildly, as she stands there doubled-over at the waist, frozen in this humiliating pose. Her thick cheeks clap and jiggle. Her bare pussy drools and glistens. She cums hard, and her eyes roll in her head yet again.
She tries very hard not to squirt everywhere. And fails miserably. The glowing neon tentacle hammering away at her slick pussy pulls out, and a warm geyser erupts from her. She is on full display, as she cums sloppily in front of everyone, leaving her soaking wet from the waist down.
Her eyes have only just stopped rolling in her head, when the glowing thing still pounding her asshole redoubles its efforts, and starts giving her a true and proper ass-fucking. She grunts and shudders. She moans long and low, like a cow.
She is just starting to get into a rhythm, when another five-inches are rammed even deeper into her tight ass. Her eyes snap wide, and she lets out a rapid-fire burst of high-pitched screams. Her huge ass cheeks continue to twerk wildly. Even more so than before. Her head lolls. Her limbs spasm. She pants and drools and makes animal noises, as her big butt is forced to absorb it all.
She shudders dramatically, as she struggles to hold the entire thing in her ass. She thinks she has it under control. But then, just as she exhales, it pushes a little bit deeper, and she completely loses it. She screams and squirts wildly, like a busted fire hydrant. She is astonished to find that being fucked in the ass can make her cum. Let alone cum repeatedly, like a supersoaked slut.
She wiggles her hips, and shakes her big ass, and bounces and gyrates her way through wave after wave of squirting orgasm, until they finally begin to slow down, and then stop. She is totally spent. Her body is beyond exhausted. Her mind is too. She is drooling and leaking, and in complete disarray. She makes no move to free herself, having already learned that lesson earlier.
The twin glowing tentacles gently unwind and retract. They slowly shrink and dissipate, leaving nothing behind other than this dazed and thoroughly well-fucked smoking hot brunette jogger, with her spandex shorts still balled up down around her ankles.
She is free now, but still a bit dazed. She blinks numerous times, as she absent-mindedly caresses her giant ass with both hands. She goes to take a tiny unsure step, and stumbles over her shorts. A couple of petite blonde women step forward, and they help her pull her tiny sopping wet spandex shorts back up. They struggle to get her shorts over her fat ass, but eventually succeed. They both wipe their hands on her black spandex top.
Finally, one of them leans forward and whispers in her ear. The thick brunette nods once, and seems to regain some focus. She resumes her jog, although it's really no more than a waddle now. Every few steps, she reaches back to gingerly touch her big ass. She takes the first ramp off the boardwalk.
Someone whistles in amazement, and the crowd begins to disburse. You wander over towards the same ramp off the boardwalk. After a bit of hunting around, you find it. Her license carefully and purposefully propped up on the last wooden post. You note her address, pocket it, and continue on your way.