It is still surreal to you. Several of your male co-workers accidentally walked into your office to find you naked furiously fucking yourself with an eight inch dildo while you chatted with me on skype.
You at wanted to stop but you were too far gone. Instead when I told you to spin the chair around to give them a good look, you had done so. They had watched you bring yourself to climax and then had sheepishly closed the door.
You remained in your office for the rest of the day. Wondering what would happen next. You left with only a few co-workers left in the building, and them smirking at you.
It is the next day at work. You went home, texted me briefly then fell asleep in sheer exhaustion. The next morning you attempt to reach me, but you cannot.
You head into work. Your team is assembled in the conference area, the three female team mates who were absent yesterday are there this morning.
You take your place at the head of the conference table and begin the meeting. Within ten minutes you are frustrated and annoyed.
You glance at the your number two person, whose shifts his leg uncomfortably. You sigh.
"I suppose you all filled the others in?" You say finally.
One of the women says. "Yea, wow Boss." She gives you a thumbs up.
"Is there any chance we can concentrate on work?" You ask, "Without talking this to death?"
There are mumbles. But no agreement.
"Okay Fine." You get up and write on the white board.
"These are today's goals. There are five of them." You bend and kick off your shoes. "I am wearing four pieces of clothes. Every time you hit a mark one of them goes."
The guys applaud, and the girls laugh.
"And the fifth?" One of the females asks.
You sit back down in your chair. Push it back and spread your legs. "You see it all, Except I am right out there in the work area. Now got to work."
"What if we find a bug in the program?" One of the guys asks, "Any bonus?"
"No." You say.
The third female smiles. "Come on Hannah, some bonus?"
You laugh. "Nothing for finding it but fix it and you get a kiss no matter how naked I am. A real good kiss."
Your team leaves the room and you turn and begin work. You try to reach me once more to no use.
And hour later one of the team enters the room. He walks over to the white board and checks the first goal. You smile and follow him out to the work area. You remove your blouse. Fold it and return to work
It is less than a half hour later when the next goal is reach. Your pants are now off, and you sit in bra and panties working at your desk.
One of the women enters the room. She shows you the bug she found and the fix she implemented.
She takes your hand and leads you to the center of the work area. Her tongue slips into your mouth and you both moan.
Another hour passes before the third goal is meet. Your bra lays unattended on the office floor. A half hour later your second in command crosses the fourth goal off the white board.
You step into the main area and slip your panties off. Once again, your body is on display for your co-workers
It takes nearly two hours for them to reach the final goal.
You try me one more time before pushing your office chair to the center of the room. You sit, spread and spin the chair letting each man and woman in the room see your most private parts.
You have spun the chair around away from the main door, the men are all hard as can be and the women are visible aroused.
Suddenly from behind you I say.
"I heard you were behaving like a proper slut Hannah, I thought I would check for myself."
You leap out of the chair and run naked into my arms. My hand snakes between your legs which part easily.
You kiss me then say. "Tom, fuck me"
"In front of your team?"
You move away from me, face them then bend slightly at the waist.
"Yessssss."
I unzip and enter your wet pussy without any pause. You scream in pain and pleasure as I hold your waist and ram in and out of you.
Your team mates stare with awe. The boys begin to undo their pants, one of the girls has her hand down her slacks.
We both notice your second in command type something on his laptop.
Your push your naked ass back and forth as I push into your,
This is fast and nasty and dirty. I fire into you with more cum then I thought possible.
I pull out.
"Sit down as let them see."
As your step towards the chair a glop of cum rolls down your leg.
You sit and spread, using your hand you open your gapping pussy to their view.
You moan but look at your number two.
"Erase the video wise ass."
He shakes his head. "I encrypted it into the code. It is now embedded. No one will know, the project is massive, but it is in there forever."
I smiled and kiss you on top of the head. "A slut for eternity."
You sit in the chair naked, legs spread pussy filled with my cum. The room is filled with seven men and three women, all of whom work for you, all of whom are aroused by what they have seen.
I lean over the back of the chair.
"You liked them watching didn't you Hannah?'
"Yes." You say unsteady.
I reach down and begin to rub your pussy while they stare.
"You want more?" I ask.
Your eyes widen.
"I" You stammer. The men all have their cocks out. The women are clearly turned on.
"Up to you little slut." I say, "How far do you want to go?'
Your eyes grow wide, you can hardly breathe
"I...I want to go all the way...I want to be a slut."
I smile.
"Tell them." I point to your crew.
Your hand snakes between your legs. You slap your pussy and moan. Slowly you speak.
"I'm your slut...all my holes are open to all of you."
Your staff smiles and moves towards you.