This is a true story of how Lynn and I got caught in an embarrassing situation. While visiting our local Nude Beach.
Fate...luck...a benevolent deity. I really don't know but the first time I saw Lynn, my future wife, I was smitten. I had recently gone through a divorce, medical discharge from the army and with more pins in my left leg than my aunts sewing basket, and left with a slight limp for the rest of my life. It wasn't all bad, a small monthly pension that would keep me in beer for the rest of my life, as long as beer was less than a dollar a bottle. My dad took me into his construction business, he had to, I was living with him; free. I guess I was pretty low and had gotten surly. But I found I liked working with my hands, I had recently done an addition to a friend's house and both Lena and Jack treated me with kindness. Jack and I had gone to high school together, played ball, chased girls etc.
I realized I had left a skill saw at their house and being in their area I dropped by to pick it up. Lena greeted me with a hug and a smile.
'Come in Andy,' she said pulling me into the kitchen. 'Jack's away right now, come sit down. Join us for coffee.' she insisted. 'This is Lynn. Lynn this is Andy.' She pointed to a beautiful young woman sitting at the kitchen table. She smiled and half rose to shake my hand. The first look of Lynn is forever imprinted on my mind, she was wearing a pair of tight blue jeans, a white t-shirt with an SPCA logo on the front and sandals. She was tall, had long blondish sun streaked hair, wore no make-up and at first glance seemed a bit thin. We sat and soon we were having a good time telling stories and laughing. It seemed I had only been there for a few minutes until I looked at the clock on the stove, an hour had gone by.
'Shit,' I blurted as I rose, 'I'm late for an appointment. Sorry got to run.' I waved to Lena and Lynn dashing for the door. After starting my truck, I sat there with my hand on the gearshift. I didn't want to leave. I knew I had to see Lynn again, at least I had to try. I ran back and with just a single knock I barged into the kitchen.
'Err...Lynn. Sorry. I err...' I stammered as the two women grinned knowingly at me. 'Well...Would you go out with me? You know...for a movie, say tomorrow night?' I winced expecting a negative answer.
'No,' she said quietly. I smiled in pain. 'But I will go out with you tonight.' She smiled, her wonderful face lighting up. 'Pick me up at seven, OK?' She handed me a note with her address and phone number already written on it. I nodded, wondering at the note, she had known I would be back and I started to leave smiling like a fool.
'Andy,' Lynn called out as I opened the door, I turned and she pointed to my skill saw. 'Don't forget your saw.'
Fate...Luck...or the Gods had spoken, this time in my favour. We moved in together a month later and were married within two years.
Ten years later:
Being topless was not an unusual occurrence for us, we have a pool in the secluded back yard and close friends would join us for a swim. Some of the time the ladies would be topless but that was usually as far as it would go. One evening Gwen and Ed were over, it was raining hard and we were inside having a few drinks after dinner. We had been friends for years and it was Gwen, who out of the blue suggested we should go with them to "their nature club" as they called it, next weekend. They had already suggested several times that we should "get together for a little more than friendship".
'We have been going for some time and have a lot of fun,' Gwen said, Ed smiled nodding his agreement, he was very quiet and to get two words out of him in an evening was an achievement.
'No, I couldn't do that,' Lynn answered immediately. 'It's OK here just between friends going topless but I couldn't go naked in front of strangers. And what if someone from the company should find out?'
That seemed to be the end of that idea but a week or so later as I was watching an afternoon ball game on TV, Lynn picked up the TV control and muted the ball game. I glanced at her as she sat there obviously trying to chose her word carefully. 'Would you like to go to a nude beach?' she blurted.
'Sure,' I said quickly, 'Any time I get to see you naked is great. But what about your job?' Lynn had recently been promoted and it was obvious that she was being groomed for bigger things.
'Yes. I know,' she replied, 'What if someone from the company were to see us, and it got back to the bosses. I'd be screwed. Those guys are all prim and proper tight asses. And I definitely would not go with Gwen, that's taking too much of a chance.'
'Are you seriously considering us going?' I asked perking up. Lynn is a tall beautiful blonde with a great body, seriously long legs and a great all-over tan. And, I love seeing her in skimpy clothing or even better, naked. This was in the mid nineties and some people were still a little uptight about nudity, especially the people Lynn worked for.
'Well...I have given the idea some thought,' she smiled slyly at me, 'and I bet you would like to see me teasing some stranger.'
'You bet,' it had been a fantasy of mine for a long time. It's not that Lynn was shy but she was concerned about her career. 'We could always go out for dinner tonight and you could have an "accident".'
'You mean like on the airplane?' she grinned at me. Before we were married, we had been on a flight to Hawaii, Lynn was wearing a short denim skirt and a red tube top. Unknowingly she had tucked the bottom of her tube top into the seat belt mechanism and as people were standing to exit, she stood up and her top was pulled down showing her luscious braless tits to the crowd, and receiving a cheer from some of the passengers.
'No. I have something else in mind,' she said smiling at me. 'I have a new dress that I'm sure will please you, and others.' She gave me back the remote control and went to the bedroom.
She came back a few minutes later wearing a thin pale green summer dress with a scoop neckline with a single white button and showing a hint of cleavage, the hem about two inches above her knees; the price tag still attached to the front button. I didn't think it was particularly sexy until she sat down at the dining room table and waved me over. 'Stand there,' she directed me to stand beside her. She leaned forward just slightly and the top of the dress fell away from her chest. I could see her breasts plainly on display from where I stood. 'It's the weight of the button that pulls the dress away from my chest,' she explained. I just nodded, not really hearing her.
'Now imagine me with this dress, high heeled white pumps, thong panties and nothing else,' she stood and moved over to the large floor to ceiling windows, standing with her hands on her hips and her legs slightly spread. My mouth dropped in wonder and a silly grin spread over my face. 'Now imagine me walking in to the restaurant up on the hill with the view out over the ocean.'
'OK...Ok, just two things.'
'What?'
'We have been there a few times before, we would be recognized,' I said still staring at her.
'I won't be naked; it is a little skimpy summer dress and so what. Next?'
'Remove the price tag and I will make a reservation.'
That evening about an hour before sunset we walked up to the maître d' at the restaurant. It is built like a stadium giving everyone a view out over the ocean and city through the large windows spanning the whole front of the restaurant. It was expensive and the food was reasonable but you were also paying for the view; that night the view was even better. I watched the patrons already seated as I waited for them to notice Lynn, the alternate view. The maître d' led us down the main aisle past the seated patrons and up two levels to our seats. It was obvious that Lynn was not wearing much under her dress, with a smile he seated us and said quietly, 'You look lovely tonight Madam.' As Lynn leaned forward to sit down and smoothing her dress under herself giving him a peek of her boobs.
'Thank you, Robert,' she smiled up at him. Robert is gay but he obviously like what he saw. That evening we had the best service ever. The waiters positively hovered round our table. After desert Lynn went to the ladies and when she returned handed me her tiny thong panties to put in my pocket.
The drive home is fairly short, five, six minutes tops, but it took a lot longer as Lynn slipped of her dress, all I could was drive slowly as she put the seat all the way back and stretched her naked body languorously. It was dark by now and I was hoping we wouldn't get stopped by the cops. We made it, I parked in the driveway leaving Lynn a short walk to the front door, fortunately our house is reasonably secluded and no neighbours saw us. That's their loss I figured.
Lynn walked directly to the bedroom and I followed like a dog on a leash dropping my clothes one by one behind me. She turned at the foot of the bed, spread her arms and legs wide then let herself fall backwards onto the top cover. She raised up on her elbows looking at me with a wicked smile as I pulled my socks off and stood watching the wanton display she was putting on. I wanted to bury my rampant cock into her already wet pussy but I felt she needed a special reward for her performance tonight.
Lynn is very oral when it comes to sex, she loves sucking my cock and is especially fond of me spending a long time eating her lovely pussy. Well OK truthfully, I really just like doing it myself. Win...win. I started at her knees kissing, licking and caressing her inside thigh, slowly inching my way up toward her pussy. She has a two very sensitive spots on the inside of her legs a tongue length from her neatly trimmed cunt. And I knew I could drive her mad by lightly nibbling and licking these spots; before moving to the main target. She was moaning as I nipped gently to her thigh, she held my head in her hands and yelled out softly, 'Come on you bastard get to it,' when she had enough and wanted me to fuck her with my willing tongue. Grinning up at her I passed over her pussy kissing her mons pausing before dropping down softly flicking my tongue over her clit lastly getting to her wet nether lips. Lynn hunched her hips upward and held me firmly against her pussy with her hands, moaning as I explored her with two fingers buried in her cunt. It wouldn't take long to bring her to an orgasm once I began lightly teasing her clit with my tongue while using my magic fingers to find her g-spot. I could feel her explosion building; her body began trembling and her groans became short and loud. Finally, with a wrenching moan she climaxed, her body shook in extasy and quickly jerked her upper body upward clear of the bed. Then fell back breathing rapidly as her body started to recover.
As Lynn came back to earth, she smiled lovingly at me and gestured for me to come up to her. She laughed softly as she kissed me, 'Your face looks like a glazed donut,' she quipped giving my face a lick hugging me to her gorgeous body. We lay there relaxing for a few minutes her face laying on my chest, slowly she reached for my hard cock beginning to stroke me softly.
'Do you think the people at the restaurant enjoyed their evening, and I don't mean the food?'
'That was the best show and tell ever,' I replied laughing running a hand around her arm to fondle her boobs. 'You really got off strutting your stuff, didn't you?'
'Yep,' she said looking up at my face. 'Did you?'
'You were wonderful,' I stated emphatically. 'I guess we will be going to the nude beach, will we?'
Lynn moved up on her knees and moved to squat between my legs without letting go of my cock. She smiled up at me, 'Yes we will. And I might even do this to you when we go, if you want.' She took my solid shaft into her mouth with practiced ease. She stroked me with her left hand as my cock gradually disappeared into her velvet mouth. She bobbed up and down for a few strokes then slid her tongue below the bulbous head licking the sensitive spot there and licking the precum off the head of my prick. 'Mmmm,' she purred as she sank her mouth down on my seven inches taking me deep to the back of her throat. She began leisurely bobbing up and down my hard shaft using only her mouth, then she slowly increased her pace while playing with my balls. She knew exactly when I was close to coming and would tease me by stopping her assault on my rampant cock. Finally, Lynn looked up at me and smiled her wicked grin allowing me a brief respite before sensually taking my shaft back into her mouth.
'I want you to cum in my mouth?' she ordered me briefly before taking me all the way into her very talented mouth again, this time all the way down into her throat where she held me with her nose pressed against my pubic hair. After only a few more seconds and bobs of her head I exploded and the first shot went directly into her throat, she pulled back slightly and let me finish the rest of my load in her mouth. She swallowed each and every bit of my spurts as they arrived in her eager mouth. A small blob escaped her mouth and with a grin she collected it, licking her delicate finger clean. 'Ah, good to the last drop,' she laughed as she fell down to cuddle in my arms.
Lynn took the next two weeks off on holidays so the next Wednesday I took the day off and we went to the nude beach. As soon as we passed the sign warning of "Naked People Galivanting", Lynn stopped, looked around and with a smile took of her top and shorts. She was now nude wearing only her flip flops, it took me a little longer before I joined her. I must admit, initially I was not completely comfortable being nude but when I saw the other people unconcerned with their lack of clothing I began to relax. We found a driftwood log reasonably secluded and spread our blanket and unpacked our cooler. It was a beautiful day with a gentle breeze blowing in from the water. We had only just applied sunscreen and laid down when another couple came up to our log. They smiled and spread their blanket a few feet away from ours, Lynn was laying on her stomach and got up when the other couple arrived.
'Hi,' the woman said as she approached, 'you found the good spot I see.' She pointed to her companion, 'That's my husband George and I'm Eve.' They were a good-looking couple in their early forties and were well tanned, obviously had been here before and were still wearing shorts and t-shirts.
'I'm Lynn and this is Andy,' Lynn introduced us as they shook hands. 'Are we in your spot?'
'No dear,' Eve assured us, 'There's plenty of space for us.' She smiled as she looked us over. 'Your first time here?' she asked, as George began taking his clothes off.
'Yes,' Lynn said with a smile, 'Is it so obvious?'
'Yes dear,' she said as she removed her shorts and top. 'But you are a good-looking addition to the area, both of you,' she said with a smile now they were both nude. After placing their cooler off to their right about five feet, George came over and with a grin shook both our hands.
'We have some friends new to the area joining us so I'm saving a space for them,' he explained. We chatted with them and soon found we had a lot in common. About half an hour later a second couple came up and joined us. They were also in their mid forties, in good shape and had already taken off their clothing before arriving. The man was in his mid forties, tall with short greying hair and the other was a beautiful Eurasian woman in her mid thirties. She had a slender trim body with small high breasts. Eve introduced them as Suzy and Bob; they were in the process of moving to the area from back east.
We were having a real good time with our new friends but it was obvious that Suzy could not help but stare at the scars on my leg, finally she approached me and asked, 'May I take a look at your leg Andy,' thing went a little quiet until she looked around and laughed, 'Sorry,' she smiled at me. 'I'm a Doctor and I just wanted to see if I could do something to fix your leg.'
'Sure...err...go ahead. But at your peril.' It took a second before she got the implied threat. 'I don't often have a beautiful stranger examining my leg, especially when I'm naked.'
'You're not naked...you are nude. There's a difference,' she smiled at me.
'OK, look ahead.'
She carefully examined the leg and shook her head, 'Terrible job of surgery...military Doctors?'
'Yep. Army.'
'I can fix the femur but it means rebreaking it and I could clean up the scars but you would probably still have a very slight limp.'
'That's OK Doc thanks,' I replied, 'I'm much too busy and it doesn't really slow me down.'
The rest of the day went by in the blink of an eye; we had a lot of fun, as Lynn and I got ready to leave all four urged us to come back tomorrow. Lynn looked at pleadingly, she obviously wanted to return but I had work to do.
'I can't.' I said, 'it's not that I don't want to but I'm pouring concrete on a big job tomorrow. Do you want to come Lynn?'
'Do you mind?' she pleaded.
'Not at all,' I agreed, 'you're on your vacation, have a great time.' Lynn went around hugging everyone while Suzy and Eve hugged me kissing me on the cheek. Not complaining.
The next day I was busy all day pouring a foundation on a 6500 square foot home I was contracted to build not far from where we lived. It was a terrible day, worked like a dog and to top it up, no time for lunch so by seven o'clock I dragged myself home to find a strange car parked in my spot. What else can go wrong. Fortunately, it was me who was wrong, things got better.
As I entered our home, I could hear voices coming from the living room, I pulled off my boots in the alcove and made my way to find Lynn and Suzy sitting together going over several photo albums of buildings I had built over the years. Lynn smiled and rose to give me a kiss.
'Honey,' she started excitedly, 'Suzy and Bob have made an offer on a building lot up on the slope and they will be moving out here. Bob just learned today that he will be starting a new job out here.'
'Lynn was telling us about your expertise with building houses.' Suzy got up and gave me a hug. 'She bragged about what you have done with this house. I had to come and see it. I love it and I'm sure Bob will too.'
'Well Lynn is a little bit overly enthusiastic about my skills,' I said quietly, 'But I'm happy to help you two in any way I can. Let me get cleaned up and we can chat. OK?' I excused myself and had a much-needed shower.
When I got back the two girls had taken a second tour of the house and had consumed a couple more glasses of wine. We sat and talked for an hour or so agreeing that Suzy and Bob would come over on Saturday afternoon so he could have a look at our house for himself. As Suzy was leaving, she asked, 'Will you both be over at the beach tomorrow?' Lynn looked at me uncertainly.
'Sorry I can't make it, I'm real busy for the next week or so. Why don't you go Lynn?'
'I'll see you there Suzy,' Lynn assured her as they hugged saying good bye.
Lynn took me by the hand steering me to the computer room, 'You have to see this,' she said. 'They were taken today at the beach.' She brought up several photos of the five of them in various poses, all nudes. 'This one,' she brought up a photo of Suzy and her standing with Bob between them, 'Bob had his hands on both our asses...and I let him get a good feel,' she paused, 'He even slid a finger down to my pussy.' She smiled nervously at me, 'You're not angry, are you?'
'Not as long as you were OK with him doing that. Go for it.'
'Well...err...they invited me for a walk around the area and...err...when we got to a secluded spot, Bob sat down on a log and Suzy began playing with his dick.' She paused before continuing giving me a funny look. When I said nothing, she continued. 'Suzy then knelt down and gave him a blow job. And she invited me to join in.'
'Did you?' I asked slowly.
'Well no,' she smiled, 'But I watched the whole thing. I told them I wouldn't do anything without your approval. But I watched...can you believe that. It was so hot I almost joined in. I really wanted to.'
'You should have.' I said watching her reaction. She grinned wickedly. 'Maybe tomorrow you'll be invited for another walk?'
'And if I am?' she smiled.
'Get Suzy to take a couple of photos so I can see you sucking his cock. But remember Bob and Suzy will be here on Saturday so perhaps her and I will have a little walk.'
'As long as I get to watch your "walk" and join in...no problem.' We hugged and started for the bedroom just as the phone rang. By the time Lynn was finished with her call I was fast asleep but she told me as I left early the next morning that she had been called into the office on Friday for a meeting.
The next day was Thursday, I was even busier than I had been the day before and did not get home before eleven o'clock at night. Lynn woke up as I climbed into bed with a tired moan. I guess she had a hard day at the beach as well. All she said with a tired whisper was, 'I'll tell you all about it in the morning,' then she rolled over an fell back asleep. The next morning, I was away before six am so had no chance to talk to Lynn.
Friday night I got home at six and Lynn was waiting for me at the door with a worried look on her face. She grabbed me by the hand and pulled me into the kitchen before I could even get my boots off.
'You are not going to believe who the new CEO is,' she was frantic walking back and forth while I waited for her to settle down. 'It's Bob...you know Bob, the guy I...err... you know. Bob Smith...from the beach Bob.'
'You mean the guy you sucked off on the beach...yesterday?'
'Of course, I mean that Bob!'
'Well I guess you will have to accept the upcoming promotion graciously,' I chuckled.
'Andy!' She yelled angrily, 'I didn't actually suck his cock...but I was about too when a bunch of teenagers set up their blankets right next to us and...well we sort of postponed it until tomorrow.'
'OK, OK, tell me exactly what happened.'
'We went to a quiet spot and Suzy and I...well...err...we sort of made out a bit, we kissed and she played with my boobs and...and well...err. Then both of us started kissing Bob and playing with his cock, I had just dropped to my knees...well...when this bunch of young couples arrived. Suzy laughed and said, "Maybe we should postpone this until tomorrow when Andy will be there?" I was already back on my feet by then and quickly agreed. We had a bit of a laugh and that was it.'
'OK. So, what happened at the meeting with your new boss?' I asked still with a silly grin on my face, wondering how far Lynn and Suzy had gone. Humm?
'I almost died when he was introduced to the room full of my colleagues,' she said still not seeing the humor of the situation. 'I wanted to sneak out of the room.'
'What did he do when he saw you?'
'He walked up to me with a great big smile and hugged me,' she paused looking at me. 'Then he said, "Lynn, what a great surprise. Are we still on for tomorrow?"' I simply nodded stupefied.'
'There you are. There is no problem,' I said calmly. 'We'll talk it over with Suzy and Bob tomorrow and you will be promoted to senior VP next week.'
'Stop it. You are not funny,' she pushed me backwards finally starting to see there was no problem. 'You know I would never use his...well...both of our indiscretion to get ahead in the company.'
'Yes, I know babe,' I pulled her into a warm embrace. 'That's your everlasting curse...honesty...and well you are just the hottest and horniest gal I know. And I love you for being you.' She snuggled up to me and kissed me.
'We are going out for dinner,' she stated, her face losing the worried look and beginning to smile, 'Get cleaned up you big jerk.'
This part of the story is actually true, but I have changed parts of it slightly to protect the identities of everyone.
More to come.