It had been two weeks since I saw her. Naked, that is. She'd come out of the bathroom, dripping wet, and almost ran into me as I was closing my bedroom door.
"Oh," she'd said and grabbed her robe from behind the door. "Sorry James. Didn't see you there."
I wanted to nod, smile, say that it was okay, but I couldn't move my lips. She was perfect with breasts that would fit perfectly in my hands, a flat stomach and a line of trimmed hair between her legs that was a little darker than the light brown hair on her head. I stood in the hall for a good thirty seconds after she'd closed the door with a sheepish grin before I remembered I needed to go to work.
I'd moved into Chad's house a month before this happened. He was a nice enough guy, worked as a personal trainer. He looked like all he did was train, lift, eat and sleep. His girlfriend, Katherine, stayed at the house a few nights a week. She had a degree in Art History and worked at a preschool in town teaching art. From the moment I met her, I wondered what she was doing with a guy like Chad. He was all bulk and mass while she was delicate, small and beautiful. I had tried to mind my own business, go to work, get a few beers with the guys from the shop and come home without thinking of her too much and it worked...until I saw her naked. After that, I couldn't stop thinking about her: her fair skin which smelled like coconuts, her soft hair which I wanted to run my hands through, hell even her feet, which she always had polished. I began jerking off every morning and night, a habit I had stopped when I lost my virginity at sixteen.
Vince, another mechanic at the shop, noticed something was off and asked me one day, "What's wrong, Kid?" All they guys called me, "Kid," as, at twenty-two, I was fifteen years younger than the youngest guy there. My dad and Carl, the shop's owner, had served in the Marine Corps. The guys all gave me shit my first week, but since I'd become friends with them all.
I shrugged. "Nothing."
He nodded. "Women troubles." He left me alone, but when i got home that night, I realized how deep I was in. Chad was working late with a private client so it was just me and Katherine, who was outside on the deck.
Chad's dog, Frankie, was sitting by the back door. I let him out and Katherine jumped at the sound of the door.
"Sorry," I said and stepped outside. I saw that she was drinking wine with the bottle on the table.
She shook her head. "No, it's okay. I just didn't see you there."
We had a charcoal grill outside and I noticed new briquettes in it but they weren't lit. "You grilling tonight?"
"I was going to, but Chad said he won't be home until tonight. So I'll probably just make some pesto and pasta."
"I can light it for you, if you want me to."
She smiled. "I know how to light a grill."
"I—I know. I just..." I stammered.
"Do you have plans tonight? I'll cook the chicken and make a salad for us, but it's too much work for just myself."
I nodded a bit quicker than I wanted. "Yeah. I mean, no I don't have plans. That would be nice."
She smiled and it went straight to my groin. She was so pretty sitting there with no makeup on and her hair pulled back. An image of her on her hands and knees in front of me as I pulled her ponytail and pounded into her dripping wet pussy flashed in my mind. My cheeks flushed. I knew she saw, but didn't say anything.
"Would you like a glass of wine? It's a sauvignon blanc."
I nodded.
"Good because I hate drinking alone. I'll pour you a glass while you light the grill."
I nodded again and she smiled again.
That night, we stayed up until one in the morning and talked. Chad got home around ten but didn't even come outside to say hello before going to bed.
When his bedroom light went off, Katherine sighed.
"You okay?" I asked, forgetting about what I'd been about to say.
"Oh yeah. I'm fine."
"I don't believe that," I said with more confidence than I felt.
She raised her eyebrow. "Oh?"
"Yeah."
"Why not?"
"You sounded too sad to be fine. My mom always said she was fine when she wasn't."
Katherine smiled. "Yeah, it's what we women do. Because we have do much on our minds that guys never want to hear. So, we say we're fine."
"Not all guys."
She shrugged and took a sip of wine. We'd long finished the sauvignon blanc and had opened a bottle of cabernet that was better than I expected. I don't know much about wine, but will drink it from time to time.
I didn't think she was going to say anything, but then she said, "Sometimes, it's Chad. I...I don't know how to say it, really. It's mostly how much time he spends at the gym. It's great for him, but..."
"Leaves little time for you," I finished.
Her eyes lit up and she leaned forward. "Exactly! See, that's what he doesn't get. I'm glad he's so committed to what he does and his clients, but I need him too sometimes."
"You guys have some fun times." Before I could stop myself, I added, "I heard you last night."
Her cheeks flushed and she looked down, but she was smiling. "You can hear us?"
"Yeah." My room was just across from theirs and the walls were thin. "Well, I don't hear Chad much. Mostly you."
"I can get a bit enthusiastic."
"Sounded more like instructions to me."
She looked me in the eyes and said, "Sometimes I am more adventurous than Chad."
"Oh?" was all I could manage.
"Yeah. I like trying new things. Things he doesn't seem to be interested in."
"Like?" I couldn't believe we were talking about sex when I'd been picturing her naked and wet for a month. It must have been the wine.
"Well, I've had this one idea for a couple of weeks, but..."
"What is it?"
"Remember when you ran into me that morning after I'd gotten out of the shower?" I felt like I'd swallowed my tongue. She remembered that? I nodded. "Well, I've sort of been fantasizing about someone...watching."
"While you and Chad had sex?"
She nodded. "I would love to be an exhibitionist, but not know I'm being watched."
"Okay," I said.
"O-okay?"
I nodded. "Okay. I'll watch."
She blushed. "No, now, I mean you don't have to. It's just a stupid fantasy. I'm perfectly satisfied."
"Katie," I said, leaning closer to her. She smelled sweet and dangerous. "I've been thinking of you since that morning too. It's," I laughed, "it's about all I can think of."
She looked up at me through her lashes. "Really?"
"Yeah. You're gorgeous."
She smiled. "Thank you. So, um, you'll watch?"
I nodded. "But you won't know when. Forget we even talked about it."
She laughed. "Well, that might be asking for too much." She held her glass out. "But you've got a deal."
Needless to say, our deal was all I could think of for the next week, but I made myself wait. I let the tension build between me and Katie. I could see her eyes asking me, Tonight? every time she saw me. I got hard each time but made myself act like nothing was different. Finally, Saturday night, eight long nights after our conversation, I couldn't wait any longer.
Katie (she was now only Katie in my mind) and Chad went to bed around ten. I was already in their closet, watching through the slats. The moon was full and lit the bedroom better than I'd expected. I could see their figures under the covers and panicked for a second that they would stay under, but then Katie kicked them off. I saw her again in full naked glory. Her tits were round and bouncing with hard nipples. She was straddling Chad. He ran his hands over her body. She put them to her breasts and said, "Pinch my nipples."
I pulled my gym shorts and underwear down and took my very hard cock in my hand. I began stroking all eight inches, rubbed the drop of moisture on the tip into the skin and imagined they were my hands on Katie's breasts.
"Suck them," she said. I had to bite my lip to keep from groaning. Chad's lips closed around her left nipple. She began rocking back and forth, her hips gyrating in time to his sucking. "Harder."
I rubbed myself harder and panted. Katie looked over at the closet and though she couldn't see me, I knew she knew I was here.
"Yes," she moaned louder. "Harder, baby, harder." He switched his mouth to her other nipple and pinched the left with his fingers. I knew how wet that nipple would be and how wet it would make her. Her pussy was soaking by now. She arched her back and moaned.
He popped off her tit and said, "Use your mouth on me."
She smiled. "Oh you know how I love to take your cock in my mouth." She kissed his lips before crawling down his body. He shifted so she could kneel on her hands and knees next to him. I saw his cock. It was average, smaller than I'd expected and smaller than mine, but Katie didn't seem to mind. She leaned down and swallowed his entire cock. Her ass was pointed in my direction and I watched her bob up and down on Chad's cock. My own was demanding release, but I wanted to cum when she did, so I slowed my strokes, matched them to Katie's rhythm. I closed my eyes and imagined it was her mouth on my cock instead of my hand. Hot and wet and deep she would be.
"Oh," I grunted and opened my eyes, but neither of them seemed to hear.
Katie pulled back, threw a leg across Chad and sunk her pussy onto his cock. I could hear slurping sounds from her wet pussy and her saliva on his cock.
"Oh my god," she breathed. She braced her hands on his chest and began rocking on his dick. Chad's eyes were closed, but Katie was looking at the closet. She licked her lips, moaned and threw her head back. Her fingers started playing with her nipples and moved down to her clit. She would be so tight, I thought, watching as she closed her eyes. Her hand was rubbing faster now, her arm pumping up and down as mine was. "God, I'm so close. Do you want me to cum?"
"Yes," I moaned. Chad grunted.
She rubbed faster. I pumped my cock harder. A second later, she screamed as hot jets of white cum shot from the tip of my cock and hit the door slats. I stood there, my balls emptying, for a good thirty seconds.
Chad had to have cum while Katie and I were because a few moments later, he rolled out of the bed and headed right for me. I froze, my cock still in my hand, and didn't exhale until he went past me, into the bathroom and closed the door.
"James?" Katie whispered.
I heard Chad turn the faucet on and I opened the closet door as quietly as I could. "Yes?"
She was lying on the bed, legs splayed open with cum and pussy juice leaking from her. "Thank you."
I nodded and left the room.
Though we never repeated that night and I moved out three months later, I still think of Katie and those moments while I was in that closet.