All characters are 20 years of age or older in the erotic section of this story that begins 10 paragraphs in after the backstory. The events are not based on any actual experience - hope you enjoy the read and please leave a comment.
READER: The erotic story requires a non-erotic backstory for relevance to set the stage for the storyline that follows thereafter.
If the reader is only interested in reading pure erotica then please skip the 10 paragraphs of the backstory and start reading at
*** Erotica Begins Here *** to skip the boring backstory.
If the reader is interested in a story that starts with ordinary life experiences, that chronicles normal events of the lives of the main male characters then please start at the beginning.
- The main male character is in the backstory as a responsible adult in a family oriented neighborhood with good character traits and is a respected neighbor and parent.
- The main female character is in the backstory as a girl having a normal childhood free of interference, corruption, and untoward influences.
- Nothing sexual is written in the backstory and nothing sexual should be construed as part of the backstory.
- The descriptions in the backstory portray normal associations and relationships of living in a neighborhood of responsible caring adults who watch out for each other and each others families as people should, and youth finding their way as they grow.
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
*** Non-erotic Backstory Begins Here ***
I have been living in my quiet suburban neighborhood house for many years. My wife is always busy and out doing things ever since our kids moved on to college and started their own families. Intimacy between us has become a sentence fragment "love you" and on rare occasions a blown kiss. Actual touching at this point would feel foreign and invasive. We would be closer if she was a friend's sister.
My workplace is my home since I went into consultancy and I prefer the flexibility and variability of what is anything but routine. Clients are spread out far and wide so travel to their locations happens thankfully rarely. When it does happen a day of travel on each end is necessary living near to a regional airport that is not a hub. Personally I prefer to drive when I travel.
It is a good neighborhood of families. People walk in the streets as much as they use sidewalks for exercise. Boys and girls play outside, a good thing in these days of electronic games and gadgets. Neighbors wave with friendly greetings when passing by in vehicles or on foot. There seems to be someone always walking, riding bikes and going past the property whenever I look outside or I am outside. Most people are friendly and say "hi" because I always do. One of the friendlier neighbors was Lily who grew up behind my back property line on the next street over.
I know that because she was a talkative girl and would stop for a chat whenever she was passing by. I always felt like I was watching out for my neighbors best interests and especially for Lily's because she was always walking alone. As years went by and she was growing up getting no taller than my shoulder level, nothing really changed except her appearance as her level of maturity from the start was more adult than many adults including my wife. I could actually talk to Lily about things most people grew bored with. She was her own person and it was obvious she did a lot of thinking. I knew that because she always had something of substance to discuss and the variety of topics continually increased.
Sometimes I would be working underneath my vehicle, back when I would do my own oil changes, lubrications and such, and she would stop to chat. I could be digging with a shovel in the yard and she would stop to chat. Once I was clearing out the garage when she stopped to chat. It didn't matter, she always had something to talk about and she would go on and on making hours seem like minutes. I never minded because my own children refused to come out to keep me company. It wasn't like I was going to give them things to do so I didn't have to do them myself. The diversion was always welcome and much better than something noninteractive like listening to a radio.
I would hear her accounts of amazing things she saw, things she did and was doing, or things she was thinking about. Usually Lily would ask me what I thought about something. I heard all about her dancing, gymnastics, swimming, whatever she was involved in and she did a lot. It was easy to see how she kept her lithe self fit and trim hearing about it all and she somehow found time for school and her excellent grades.
I heard about care and handling of animals, preparation for baking and her successes and failures with an occasional sample, her learning dressmaking and her costumes she would wear at Halloween. Also things she made crafting, growing greenhouse vegetables, learning to horseback ride, and on and on. All now just favorite memories that float in my mind in the absence of her presence and voice. We really don't know when a conversation will be the last one and it is impossible to know when will be the last time we see someone.
Lily graduated more than a year ago from high school. She last told me she was deciding which college offer to accept. Then I didn't see her coming by anymore.
It must have been a week before I began to wonder why she suddenly stopped coming by for a chat. I had to curb my creative mind from imaginings of what had happened to her at how she had not come around to tell me things.
Like what would have been her next topic for her tales of life and living. I never expected anything from her and accepted whatever she gave. It was with pride that I considered myself her older neighbor who lived the next street over and hoped her life was treating her well. And life went on.
I noticed how much quicker I was getting my outside jobs done even though to me time dragged while getting jobs done. My own thoughts were not quite filling the time that scintillating conversations do. My thoughts were returning to the kind of whimsical things from long ago when I used to deliver newspapers door to door when newspapers were the primary way of getting the news.
With my wife being away as much as she is, I have considerable amount of discretionary time to do what I wanted. Time to do what I choose such as taking my clubs to the golf course daily when weather is agreeable, reading whatever catches my interest, and being more active with things I enjoyed as a younger man before we had children and before I met my wife.
As a youth and young adult, I spent most of my time in my own head thinking about lots of things. I thought about the things I had done and experienced, the things I wanted to do and experience, and some things that were unlikely to ever happen to be experienced. Those things included daydream of adventures in spaceships across the galaxy, traveling the country by vehicle and to parts of the world by sailboat, drawing and designing custom vans, and something else in private moments that I have never shared with anybody who knew me.
*** Erotica Begins Here ***
My favorite thing to do is something I do when wife is not around. I have done it discreetly for years since physical intimacy evaporated from our marriage just after the birth of our second and last child. To satisfy the erotic energy my system generated by an active and creative imagination, I go online and enjoy anonymous chats with similarly minded women. I enjoy writing creative erotic roleplays with one compatible woman at a time that go on as long as the friendship lasts. Some have been for an hour or two while others have lasted for months.
I have never known any real information about these women. No names or locations are exchanged to protect us both. In most cases no photographs are shared and names are whatever someone chooses. It is intended to be fun and to share with someone else what is missing and desired our primary relationships and lives. As it is virtual, there is nothing risked physically and no complications with the association of what in-person would be an affair that could disrupt lives.
Over the years I have noted what women want. The majority, easily 90% of them, given the choice of any possible combination of characters to roleplay choose daddy daughter as their most preferred. It is enjoyable for its forbidden nature, the naughty elements not just incest but the older younger trust relationship, the inherent opportunities and already developed relationship where intimacy crosses all lines between the characters. It also gets monotonous playing the same character dad over and over even if the daughter character is different.
Many women want cheating roleplays, or meeting strangers in some pickup arrangement. Very few want to play adventure roles or my personal interest in roleplaying neighbors but I have never thought of myself as mainstream for my sexual desires. My favorite neighbors roleplays were with women who wanted to live out a fantasy of being sought after when husbands went on trips or off to work or as single homeowner or widow taking care of her neighbor friend's husband. For my own sensibilities, any roleplay must have consent of both partners regardless of all other considerations, that both go into the relationship willing, wanting and eager. Then both are free to enjoy each other and themselves.
Recently a new online friend who has the username PetL4urPnUS is quickly becoming my favorite. She is fun, flirty, and good with descriptive and creative ideas for roleplays. She prefers us to play our actual ages to enjoy the younger and older kink, our real ages are her 20 and my 55. I have heard it before where a woman said she was really 19 and then weeks later in chat complained about her husband and kids, so face value sometimes isn't worth the expense of the electronic characters typed.
Age gap is a fun kink and she was adamant when she wrote 'absolutely no daddy daughter roles thank you very much' so I knew she was like very few I had ever roleplayed with online. It was the 'thank you very much' that tripped my interest because that is as much of a mic drop as anything in text. That and how well she writes truly makes PetL4urPnUS exceptional.
She asked to play neighbors which I was thrilled to read. Neighbors roleplay as a character set that has a good separation of genetic and social ties, plentiful opportunities for getting the characters together discreetly in the storyline, and can have the kind of care and trust as close as family without the complications and implications of it being a family connection. Her immediate response to anything involving family was, "Ick."
She wants sexual roleplay and nothing distracting the storyline. She made sure I knew that regardless of the setting and how our characters met, they were going to be sexual together because she needed what she was not getting in her real life. She feels her sexuality has been repressed and this was her chance to experience things with someone else outside her own mind.
She wrote how she has sexual ideas floating around in her mind constantly and so far the men she has been involved with have been a total disappointment for her. Her online experience with men so far as frustrating as the college men who had used her and left her to clean herself up, who have left her before she has yet to have an orgasm with a man.
We established our characters Mark and Mary and decided on a setting. She pointed out our character names were only different by the last letter. So cool I thought that she paid that kind of attention to our writing and we had not even gotten started. I imagined PetL4urPnUS to be like Lily with the intelligence she was demonstrating and the impression I was getting from her writing. Lily would be almost 20 now so it took no leap at all to imagine I was writing with my missing friend.
I have started to think of my absent neighbor when I self pleasure once I got the idea she was never going to be stopping again as she always used to do. It felt safe to do because the chances of my meeting Lily, in my thinking, was pretty much zero not having heard from her since her abrupt absence after her high school graduation. I started to think about how Lily was becoming my favorite dream girl and my fantasies included her as a regular girlfriend figure.
I imagined my dream girl Lily as I wrote my character's backstory for how he would be with her character. PetL4urPnUS insisted I set the scene to begin the roleplay adventure by writing the starter. In her response with her character and character's backstory, her writing provided a mental image that fit well what I had imagined and her writing was exquisite with details and descriptions.
She must have really paid attention to my writing when she read the backstory and starter I wrote because she matched my length of responses and my level of details. And that made her instantly my favorite collaboration partner for writing erotic roleplay and we had not even started writing any the erotic elements that were to begin after the story was established and going forward. I was patient and knew I could wait forever for her to be ready to write eroticism into the story with the amount of clarity and color she was contributing.
The depth of the story elements she wrote increased with her using all her senses to fill create a holistic description of her character, her character's actions and the setting around her character. It was the same with what she wrote for how her character interacted with the things around her.
Best of all, in her writing she did not encroach at all on writing for my character giving me complete discretion for what he does. That alone is the ultimate in quality and respect that a roleplayer can show their partner!
The story line started out as ordinary people with backstory as real to a neighborhood as anything I had written before. She said she wanted to reserve the option of returning to this point when our first story ran its course and we run out of ideas.
I found myself falling for PetL4urPnUS because not only was she articulate and as kinky as I am but she was already thinking ahead for future stories we would write together. I knew better than to get my hopes up but she was a breath of fresh air from the women I had been writing with over the previous couple of decades.
For the sake of brevity, this is how the storyline flowed without the awkwardness of individual responses and the spaces between them. It is written from the male voice perspective:
-----
Mark is working under the front of his car in his garage doing a grease lubrication job on the front steering linkages. He's wearing an old t-shirt and baggy shorts with white loose fitting boxers, gray socks and work boots. The car was driven in and he's at the front of the car at the back of the garage with the garage door wide open.
Mary comes up to the garage to talk to him as she does when she knows he is around, wearing a skirt above her knees and loose fitting bare waist crop top, white ankle socks and her sneakers. She's being helpful and wants to help me reach my hand tools and is watching closely at what I'm doing standing close enough to the car to lean her tummy over the fender to look down at me underneath her.
-----
I was already lapsing into identifying as Mark as I always put myself into my character and played in first person voice it is a vicarious way of feeling emotions and sexual pleasure through the character's interactions with the other character. In essence it is a virtual sexual relationship with the person writing her parts of the storyline and usually results in mutually achieved orgasms though completely privately connected only by a stream of characters written on an electronic app.
-----
I was already oily and greasy from the job getting arms, face and chest dirty before she arrived. She started clean and in neat appearance leaning on the car fender talking about her frustration with finding a boyfriend saying all the boys are jerks. She was starting to get dusty dirty from the car fender and as she started handling the tools I handed to her, she got oily grease on her hands and legs.
At times I could see up her skirt. I couldn't help look at her legs all the way to her panties. She was leaning on the fender and I was on the shop creeper looking straight up. When she walked back and forth carrying tools to and from the tool box she could see up my shorts. Every time she would use a shop towel to clean grime off a tool she stood where she could look up my shorts leg to see the white boxers I'm wearing underneath my baggy shorts.
I can see her looking at my lower body and wonder what she's looking at. The idea she's looking at me below the waist is enough to start my cock swelling. But she has already come back to stand by the fender and leans in a bit putting her panties on full display to my eyes as I look easily straight up her skirt.
She hears me ask her to get the little 5/16ths wrench so I can loosen a grease nipple. I hear her giggle after I said nipple. She goes to the tool box to gets the one I said I need. Coming back she looks again up my legs to see my boxers and my cock was bigger and already moved so it was exposed to her view with my loose boxers not hiding it at all from her eyes.
I look to see where she has gotten to waiting for the tool and see her looking intently this time. I can feel myself swelling bigger as she watches and I see her eyes go big and a blush rising on her face. She looks over to see my eyes looking at her.
She says nothing but moved closer directly towards me, not going back to the fender where she was standing before, she crouches down and kneels on the dirty garage floor, reaching her hand out with the tool to me without breaking eye contact. Not a word is said.
With her hand extending for me to take the tool, she was leaning in and close to my body. My eyes can look straight down her crop top neck that hangs down giving me a clear and closeup view of her cleavage and braless boobs. I take the tool from her hand getting her hand dirty and greasy from my fingers that slide onto her fingers ostensibly to not drop the wrench. The touch was electric for me and I heard a soft gasp from her.
"Want to stay here and watch? You can, just lay on my body so you don't get your skirt and top dirty." She didn't hesitate and lay on me with her full bodyweight resting directly on my lower body and legs. I could feel her boobs either side of my hard cock and watched her look down and felt her hands pushing her boobs together and feel the pressure on my cock. It felt so good I exhale with a soft moan.
I reach over my head for the grease nipple and with a little effort loosen it and get the grease gun and connect the hose fitting to the nipple. I'm not in a good position to work the handle so I asked her "can you reach up to this handle on the grease gun and pull it down for me? I'm not at a good angle."
"Yes I can try" she says and she reaches up finding it's just out of her reach. She struggles to move up higher on my body dragging herself up my body like how a seal moves on the beach. Her top catches under the bottom of my t-shirt and pulls it up so her crop top is the only thing between her boobs and nipples and my skin. Her boobs are pressing on my lower rib cage and my bulge is on her tummy.
She puts her hands on the oily grease gun handle and with effort pulls it down making an effort grunt as she does so. Pulling down she also presses her boobs against my chest rubbing her nipples that are now completely hard.
I pay as much attention as I can muster to holding the grease gun hose against the nipple fitting and watch as the ball joint rubber boot expands with the grease as it is injected with force. I have her give it another pull and have her stop at only a quarter of the handle travel done before when the grease leaks out around the nozzle. I pull it off the grease nipple and use the shop towel to wipe off the excess grease.
"See this? That's how it's supposed to look when we are done. We have only 9 more to do, want to help me do them all?" I shift my hips to wiggle around to get a good angle for the next one.
She's smiling and nods looking where I'm pointed, her attention challenged with my cock she had been looking at pressing into her tummy just below her ribcage. She holds on and gasps breathing harder but moves with me and scoots along to keep herself on top of my body.
We had to change slightly how we are molded together for the next grease nipple.
Trying not to get her oily greasy with my hands I tell her how she needs to move on my body to get to the next grease nipple on the steering gear linkage. It's a combination of my thrusting up into her body and her moving and rubbing her body on mine.
-----
This was erotic writing at it's best, a normal situation made into a sexual and pleasurable experience. PetL4uyPnUS next wrote something in our separate chat thread
-----
PetL4urPnUS: i'm really horny for real and turned on. i can imagine being Mary and doing exactly what we are writing. Would it be ok i make myself cum?
RolePlayerJust4Fun: I'm honored that you feel my writing is that good!
PetL4urPnUS: you are the best no joking. never had a roleplay this hot
RolePlayerJust4Fun: xxx
PetL4urPnUS: WOW!!! OMG that was a really good one, ready to go on if you have the time.
RolePlayerJust4Fun: You have no idea how hot you are to me as a woman. Yes I have all kinds of time for you.
PetL4urPnUS: i'm in serious trouble of falling for you
RolePlayerJust4Fun: I don't see that as a problem. I'm in the same situation of falling for you xx
PetL4urPnUS: give me another minute
RolePlayerJust4Fun: ok
PetL4urPnUS: back - sry had to make myself cum again - want you to know that one was for you xxx
RolePlayerJust4Fun: You really are a hot woman xxx just so you know I wait until we are done or I lose my writing edge, pent up horny is how I write my best
PetL4urPnUS: love you pent up horny, can't wait to know you made yourself cum tonight
-----
The roleplay continues using the first initial of the usernames to speed following along. The replies here capture the way we were writing together and how erotic the storyline had become.
-----
R: It's a dirty messy job and we both have oily grease on our hands and arms from the shop rags as I wipe the grime off the grease nipples so the grease gun nozzle goes on clean metal. Using the oily grease gun - me holding it and you working the handle.
P: Each time I pump the handle, watching your strong arms holding the big cylindrical grease gun body, I'm pulling it down and my boobs press into your chest and my nipples drag on your chest. I notice my crop top has ridden up putting my tits on your bare chest and your chest hair drags across my nipples teasing me.
R: We keep doing the same thing again and again, moving against each other to reposition, straining with the grease gun together. I don't realize until after we are on the other side of the vehicle that my t-shirt is up to my armpit level but your crop top was up to yours too and your boobs are rubbing directly on my chest being stroked by my chest hair.
P: Both of us grimy and sweaty. My pussy pushing into your cock that has not lost any of its hardness. I actually scooted up when you didn't notice I was doing it and put my pussy right on your bulge. I pretend we were naked together working under your vehicle.
R: We have the job finished and like an inchworm we work our way out from underneath the car. I resist holding your boobs not wanting to be a lesser man and touch what might not be offered. I assist you to get up "Last thing we have to do is clean up the tools and put the car down off the jack stands so it is ready to go." My eyes however have not stopped looking at your boobs.
P: I push myself up looking at your bare chest that my boobs just spent a half hour being pressed into. I'm thinking how a real man is so much better than mashing my boobs into my mattress in my bedroom. I kneel straddling your thighs with my crop top still above my boobs letting you look at them in full view. I watch your eyes and love how hard my nipples are while I watch you and feel your bulge against my pussy through our clothes.
R: We work together to pull the tools out from under the car getting dirtier. Once the floor jack lifts the front of the vehicle and and the jack stands are removed the car is on its wheels again.
P: I see nothing is in the way of the door and push the garage door opener button on the wall by the inside door to the house. The door goes down closing off the neighborhood. "we should get our clothes off and pretreat them and put them in the washing machine."
R: "That's a great idea, I have a basement shower we can use and degreaser hand cleaner to get the grime off. You'll like the aloe moisturizing soap to get the rest of us clean. I do you and you do me?" My eyes undressing you where you stand.
P: I watch how you use the floor jack and got the jack stands out and put the car down. As soon as the garage door is closed the I reach under my armpits and pull my crop top over my head. "I am in total agreement Mark, I hope you like my body because I have been trying to get you to look at me for years. It's nice to know you finally get the chance without anybody knowing what we are doing."
R: "We are thinking alike Mary. I have been wanting to see your tits for a long time, I never thought we would be doing this. Just look how excited you make me." I already peeled my t-shirt over my head at the same time you took off your top and I bend down and unlace my boots at the door to the laundry room to go into the house, step out of them and my socks then drop both grimy shorts and boxers knowing fully well want to see my hard cock.
P: I can't take my eyes off your big masculine body, real muscles not the hard ones of a younger guy who works out but the strong sinewy kind a real man has who works with his hands, lifts yard equipment and tools, and takes good care of himself. I didn't wait for you to undress and dropped my skirt and panties while you were bending down and kicked off my sneakers. I pass by you touching your naked butt with my hand wearing only my ankle socks going into the laundry room, to the washing machine prep counter. I look back at you and see the sexiest man I have ever seen in the doorway coming toward me with your big cock moving in front of your hips. "Can you help me?" I say in a soft voice.
R: I feel your hand touching my butt and see your naked body pass by me wearing only ankle socks. I can see and feel your eyes on my body and it makes my cock swell rising upward and it throbs. I follow you in and put my clothes on the prep counter next to where you are standing and get the treatment bottle putting the liquid on all the spots that need to be removed and do the same with your crop top and skirt. I pick up your panties and put them to my face and breathe in your scent. "You might not be getting these back but you need your socks off, allow me"
P: I watch you treating the clothes and marvel at how quickly and efficiently you are using your hands to finish prepping our clothes. I see your biceps and wrist muscles working and imagine your fingers doing something like that to me thinking, oh Mary you have such a dirty mind all the time, good thing you finally found a man who can make your dreams come true. I look up when you say you are going to help me but I wasn't listening beyond my fascination with your body.
R: I reach down and put my open hands and manly rough fingers on your sides with my thumbs under your boobs that go all the way to your cleavage and lift you by your chest to put your butt on the prep table standing between your legs that are now spread either side of my hips. I grab the clothes I just prepared next to you and open the front loading washer door between your legs and toss in the prepped clothes. Then with two fingers down the back of your ankles strip your socks off your feet and toss them in without prepping them. Still bending down my mouth moving directly to your pussy - my tongue touching first before my lips as I lick and suck on your pussy lips.
-----
At that point the next message was on the separate chat thread we had decided to use so the chat did not interrupt the flow and continuity of the storyline.
-----
PetL4urPnUS: i need another minute, fuck you write hot stuff
RolePlayerJust4Fun: Enjoy yourself hot babe, you are well worth waiting for
PetL4urPnUS: oh fuck you are so hot, that was another strong one... whew i need to get something i'm so thirsty
RolePlayerJust4Fun: It's 1:30am here
PetL4urPnUS: 1:30am here too - we should get some sleep - wish it was with you xxx
RolePlayerJust4Fun: I was thinking the same thing - we will be sleeping together if you think of me as you get in bed because I am going to be thinking of you constantly until tomorrow. Same time tomorrow night?
PetL4urPnUS: same time sounds good dream man
RolePlayerJust4Fun: Good night dream girl xxx zzz
PetL4urPnUS: xxx zzz
RolePlayerJust4Fun: Just came thinking of you xxx
PetL4urPnUS: same here must have doing it together xxx
-----
The texts were occasional the next morning and through the day. I added extra spacing to indicate sometimes hours delays in responses.
-----
RolePlayerJust4Fun: good morning beautiful
PetL4urPnUS: good morning sexy man
RolePlayerJust4Fun: checking in <3
RolePlayerJust4Fun: hey xx
RolePlayerJust4Fun: I'm here and ready when you are
PetL4urPnUS: i'm here too, i could not stop thinking about you, i think i dreamed about you last night too
RolePlayerJust4Fun: You have been on my mind constantly - hope you had a great day
PetL4urPnUS: i had a great day but it is much better now xx
-----
Without delay the writing switched from the chat thread to the storyline thread. Again username initials in place of full usernames.
-----
R: I move to stand up having tasted your pussy and move in close reaching down to hug you to me "I will carry you, hang onto me." My arms wrap around your body pulling our chests together. Again your boobs squashed into my pecs.
P: i watch you stand up and close the washer door starting the machine. I nod at you say you will carry me. my arms go around your neck and I pull myself up as you lift me off the prep counter. my legs wrapping around your hips pressing my wet pussy into your tummy.
R: I lift you off the prep counter with my hands under your butt. Your body clinging to me feels like you belong there as if we have been intimate before. Knowing you as long as I have I suppose our chats were a civilized way to discover compatibility and create a yearning to be intimate. My cock is too far under you to touch you but my fingers move to press on your pussy lips.
P: your mouth on my pussy making it ok for me to get turned on and I cling to you like your baby girl. like I always do when I happy I hum a favorite song nobody has ever heard before. my dream man is carrying me and I know I want him as my married boyfriend. "will you wash me and I can wash you?" i drop my maturity level a little bit to trigger your protective nature.
R: I carry you down to the basement where I installed a shower head in the overhead floor joists in the back corner by the sump pump. Two shower curtains at a distance from the large rain shower showerhead make it a big shower space more than big enough for two. I lower you down so your pussy rests on the top of my cock and then let you slide down to your feet getting full enjoyment of my big cock dragging across your body.
P: i enjoyed the carry down the stairs barely remembering when I used to get carried so long ago. the shower curtains in the corner was my first clue your saying you had a shower down here was true. i had half expected to be just brought to your basement for sex. but this was much more fun because we are still covered in grime and need to get ourselves clean. and you said I could do you.
R: I get the degreaser off a hanging shelf over the sump pump and bring it to you loving the fact you are down here naked with me and we have all kinds of time to be together alone. I squirt degreaser on your hands, too much for just you and put the bottle back. Then I cover your hands in mine and share the degreaser in what feels like hand sex. It certainly triggers our nervous systems with all the nerve endings that send signals from the hands to all over the body.
P: we move our hands spreading degreaser all over our hands. i moan at how good it feel in my fingers and with yours slipping all over my fingers and hands. you are grimier than me so I continue to rub your arms getting at the black dirty grease and continue moving around you getting the dirty spots. i return to your hands for more and then kneel down to do your knees and legs where it needs to be used to remove the dirty grease. i get up purposely bumping my face under your big hard cock and grab your butt putting dirty degreaser hand prints on both your cheeks.
R: I am amazed that without saying anything you go straight to work to get the dirty oily grease off my skin. Then coming back to slip your hands into mine getting more degreaser once the original amount was spread on me... you kneel to do my legs. I could see your pretty face and sexy tits below my cock that's standing out proudly. You get up and bump your face underneath my cock as if you didn't know it was there. I laugh at how good your sexy physical humor is. Then I feel you tag me with your hands on my butt. "Hey, two can play that game Mary."
P: "Oh yeah Mark, would like to see you try." Of course I want you to try and I have no intention of trying to get away from you. I've never been with a man like you.
Only a couple of boys, one that never got into my pants and the other just didn't know what to do, hurt me taking my virginity and then left as soon as he came on me thank god which took maybe 2 minutes from getting undressed to bolted out the door.
R: I take your hands in mine seeing you don't have too much grease on you and your hands. "You were great working the handle of the grease gun and look! You are already clean." I wiped the few places on your arms and your knee with dirty smudges and I stood up facing you. "Now, you put messy hand prints on my ass cheeks young lady." I reach for your boobs and give your tits a good grope before leaving my messy hand prints on your boobs.
P: I'm in heaven. You touched my boobs. You are the first person who actually reached out to fondle and grope my boobs ever and you are the one I always dreamed would making my tits feel good. "I hope you are going to do a lot more of that, my boobies are neglected and needs lots of play. Will you play with them?"
R: I grab the aloe soap bottle hanging from the rafters on a soft nylon braided cord through a loop on it's bottom. Flip the top and turn it over, lots of liquid soap flows out. I hold the bottle so it pours over your shoulders and tits making an aloe soap slick across your nipples. I closed the bottle and go to work with my hands spreading the aloe liquid soap over your tits and body lathering constantly returning to grope your boobs time and time again as I also run my hands over the rest of your body getting a nice hands full grab of your gorgeous butt cheeks.
-----
Again the writing jumped from the storyline thread to the chat thread.
-----
PetL4urPnUS: could we pause the roleplay and text about what we are really doing?
RolePlayerJust4Fun: I was thinking the same thing could be fun.
PetL4urPnUS: I know we just met but can you show me a pic of your cock? I will send you pics of me
I sent her a pic of my big hard cock and used the camera so she would see it was just taken. It was from about knees to neck. She sent me a pic of her pussy and immediately after another one of her boobs. Total view from her shins to her chin
PetL4urPnUS: I'm so horny I want to hear your voice
I didn't wait and enabled voice chat.
"Hi it's nice to be able to hear each other." I could hear her breathing as heavy as I was and I could hear her making sloshy noises.
"Can you hear how wet I am? You sound sexy... I hope you don't mind but this is kinda a fantasy of mine"
"I don't usually get to hear what a woman is doing on her end and most don't want to hear anything... this is a nice treat and you just might be as naughty as I am I'm guessing" I moaned a little gripping and barely stroking, precum leaking profusely lubricating my cock, fingers and hand.
"Oh yeah this is so sexy... I want more... can I... would you... I'm... cumming..."
She started to moan her orgasm.
I could not hold back and shot my load moaning with her moaning right along with her. "Oh fuck this is the hottest thing I have ever done online."
"Oh fuck sir, that was a strong one, my pussy was spraying a little bit."
"I haven't shot a load that big in a long time, you got me so worked up. It's all over my abdomen"
"Sir, I feel like I want more... I probably shouldn't ask this but would you be ok if we turned our cams on so we can see each other? You are really hot from what I can see in your pic and I want to watch you masturbate and have you watch me... I really feel like a naughty girl tonight."
I thought about it for less than a moment, the dick pic showed enough of my thighs and body it wouldn't be a shock to her seeing the rest of me. "Ok if you want to but you aren't going to ghost me are you?"
"No! No sir, I never did this before and you have been so nice to me so far and... you turn me on a lot like someone I know... only he will never know how much I cum thinking of him..."
I could feel something like trust, I wanted to trust her because I knew she had already trusted me with photos of her body to her chin. "Ok both our cams will go live at the same time, are you ready because I am going to show you everything and hide nothing."
"Yeah sir, I am on full display, I want to see you hard for me. Please mine is on."
I turned on the cam link and the cameras activated. We were looking at each other and apparently she was also looking at my body as I was looking at hers, watching what my hands were doing on my cock as I watched hers in her pussy and on her breasts. Then quite in unison we looked at each others face. We know each other.
"Hi Lily."
"Hi Mr. Cross." She saw I was looking her naked body and her initial shock was replaced immediately by relief. "oh thank god it's you, I wasn't sure how much I was going to be able to trust the man on the other side of the camera with all the roleplay and fun."
"You're sexy Lily and I never thought I would see you this way." She got up on her knees then off her bed turning her laptop so she could show off her whole body doing a few dance with some gymnastic poses. My dream Lily never looked like this. My live Lily is still petite with the door in the background for scale but she is way more gorgeous. She was only 5' and about as heavy as a drink of water but looking at her hips and her thigh gap I would have never guessed.
Her thighs are slender and trim with a dancers toning, her waist is small and her butt looks ready for grabbing and spanking. Her tits are gorgeously big for her frame, they stand out and up like they're floating and move like they are firm. I know just looking she could get away without wearing a bra and her nipples look rock hard and marble sized surrounded by slightly darker areola. Her darker hair almost down to her navel framing her boobs and shoulders. She has her same beautiful face and sparkling blue eyes.
"There is no reason for us to stop doing what we're doing because we are real friends Mr. C Really good friends." She moved closer to her cam and spread her legs wider rubbing her flexible pussy lips giving me a great view of her pussy before she pushed her fingers inside. "You made me this way Mr. Cross I'm so wet... and I love your cock Barrett."
She said my name. "You made me this way too Lily, you should know you have been making me this way for a long time. Honestly I think of you all the time when I make myself cum at least every day." I was always about twice her size in every dimension standing a full 6' with broad shoulders and good size masculine arms and thighs, my butt was firm and it balanced the monster cock and balls on the other side of my body.
My skin was a little darker than Lily's softer pale northern, not quite porcelain, complexion and the idea of putting our skin together to see the difference was something I want to see with my own green eyes that had a hint of gold as a radial heterochromia around both my iris. My hair is what girls always called dirty blond and the fact it's all over my body, but not too thick and it's been preened by many woman who couldn't keep her fingers to herself feeling my body hair with her fingertips and cuddling up to feel the softness on her smooth skin.
"You have been my dream man for years Mr. C and I couldn't figure out how to tell you before. I shouldn't tell you when I had my first orgasm because of thinking about you and it was some time after I first masturbated because of how good it feels to touch my pussy. You can tell me later what you really think of my puss." She pats her pussy making a wet splatting sound
"I guess we have been masturbating to each other for a long time then. You must know I have really missed you coming by to chat with me but now it doesn't seem long at all since we last talked in my yard." This was enough for me I was thinking. No need to push for more. "Being able to do this like we are is much more satisfying than I ever thought it would. I'm glad you are my first cam girl Lily."
"I was so happy coming by to see you just about every day and tell you what was on my mind. Not all of my thoughts but the things I knew you would like. Something happened that stopped me though. Did you remember after I graduated how I stood right by your car while you were working under it? The wind was blowing that day and when I was coming up your driveway your shorts legs blew open and I just saw up your legs."
"I didn't mean to see it but there was your cock in the sunshine. So this isn't the first time I saw your cock. I want you to know that. And... this is what happened, I didn't know how to handle it so I stopped coming around to talk to you. I have missed you so much. It's also why I wanted to roleplay it so I could experience what could have happened between us and honestly I had no idea it was you I was roleplaying with!" She was still stroking her wet pussy with her fingers.
I smiled and nodded, "I remember that day, it was windy. I parked the car in backwards so the oil would pool at the front of the oil pan. I heard you say something and moved over to hear what you said. I didn't intend to look up your legs and I was sorry it happened because I felt I was seeing what I was not supposed to. I saw much more than I expected, and you were wearing very nice panties as I remember."
"It just happened and I felt it was wrong at the time. To be honest I blocked it from my mind until we started roleplayed it. I value you Lily and I did not want to dishonor you or violate your trust in me." I moved my swivel desk chair where I could sit in her full view. "So.. you stood there on purpose after you saw my cock?" I rub my cock up and down as she's watching me. She nods her head yes and pushes her finger inside her pussy then pulls it out licking her fingers.
"I'm glad you looked because then my daydreams of you actually looking are true. I did that because I wanted you to see part of me since I had seen part of you. In my heart you are still my best friend Mr C." Her eyes lower looking at the screen below her cam. "I knew I could trust you Mr. C. I knew it then and I know it now. I do trust you so there is no reason why we can't get together in person you know." I see her smiling and I know if she wants me I am not going to stop this.
"I knew you went off to college but I had no idea where you went. I am glad I now know why you stopped coming around to chat and it actually makes sense. I mean imagine if one of us had said, 'hey would you want to go into the garage and pull the garage door down and masturbate together'?" (we both laugh watching each other masturbating.) "That was just not going to happen then. Where are you now Lily?" There was nothing to gain talking about it further now it was just water under the bridge.
"I'm in my own private room at Viscount College so you can come over now when you won't be missed. I've been daydreaming this exact scenario so many times but I could never work out how to begin to share my fantasies with you. And I also didn't really have a way to contact you without coming home."
"You're so close. Why don't you commute?"
"Hah! You have no idea what my parents house is like. Can I tell you something I have been dying to tell you? Laying here with you looking at my cunt I feel I can tell you anything." She waggles her foot back and forth and looking perfectly happy and a little silly while remaining completely comfortable looking at me naked looking at her naked.
I feel me cock swelling a little bit at how naughty this situation is. "Lily, you can tell me anything you want anytime, I think if we are this comfortable with each other then we really have nothing to hide. I really want to continue being best friends with you and I think once you stopped coming by I realized just how good of a friend you are to me. I will never judge you and I have no reason to want to criticize."
"Good!" she almost cheers. "You have no idea how easy you are making this for me to say... I have had a crush on you as an older man since, like forever." She's beaming her smile is so fresh, "and apparently you have a need that someone is not taking care of. So can we please come online tomorrow night so I can take care of what you need, and deserve, and I will make it very much worth your while."
I know my smiling isn't going to quit anytime soon. I am doing nothing to hide my cock and she keeps looking at it and pushing her finger back into her pussy to finger fuck herself. "I'm going to share one of my deepest secrets nobody knows, just you now. I have had a crush on you and it really helped me to behave myself as a gentleman as I watched you grow up. I never let myself think about you sexually until after you stopped coming around to talk to me."
"Now I think about you all the time. You're a lot more attractive Lily than you ever were. So we have been crushing on each other and that's why we are meant to be online together tonight doing exactly what we are doing. I don't know about you but this seems like a fabulous way for us to start... dating. I will be online about 8pm if that works for you."
Her eyes went big as her excitement visibly welled up looked like she was busting out happy. She put her hands on her B-cup boobs and gave herself a squeeze. "I love hearing you say we should start dating, and being online together tomorrow night, that will be so amazing. So where is Mrs. C these days? You two still don't get together anymore?" She is looking at her fingers gently squeezing her nipples at the same time.
My eyes miss nothing she is doing, "Mrs. C is on another one of her frequent extended visits to our daughter's family" (that Lily knows is 800 miles away to the south) "and isn't due back for three weeks. Then after a couple days home she's flying to our son's place on the other coast. I don't hear much from her while she is away. For all I know she is spending time on these adventures with a perfect secret lover somewhere who doesn't want sex."
"Oooh that's perfect. Remember when I told you about having trouble finding a decent boyfriend? Still having that problem. But I'm not worried about that anymore now I have you as my online married boyfriend." She smiled and blew me a kiss.
"Hey since your wifey won't be around, we should get together Friday night if you want to. I work until 2am and that's like early Saturday morning and you could give me a ride home when I am done. I will give you the address where I work and you can enjoy yourself a while watching me until I am done. Plan to arrive about midnight for the show."
I nod seeing her eager to reconnect in person, "I'll give you my number so you can text me or send me anything you want to. Since we already know each other there is no reason for us to worry about giving our real information." I picked up my phone, "and so you don't have to worry about putting your number on this app just say your number."
I keyed in her phone number as she said it and called her phone which rang next to her. She looked at it and touched the screen then put it to her ear and looked directly at the cam. "Hello sexy man, I love your cock. For tomorrow night I was thinking we could get online about 8pm.
"I want you to wear something for me... let's start in underwear and I would like to see you in boxer briefs. I will put on something I'm sure you will like. I can't believe we are actually doing this but I can't think of anyone else I would want to be doing it with more. I feel like I've been talking to you forever and I have missed it more than I can say.
"Now before you say anything, it's time for bed Mr. C," then she said in a rush "and you really do have a very nice cock." She made sure to show me her lips kissing her phone and ended the phone call, then waved to me through the cam and ended the cam link.
-----
We ended the night with app texts.
-----
P: continue the roleplay tomorrow night.
R: Sounds great!
P: going to dream about you B.
R: I'm going to be doing the same thing L.
P & R (kissing emojis and zzzs)
-----
I decided not to ask her about her job figuring if I was going to see her there it would be a nice surprise. The image of seeing Lily in the buff, my imagined Lily was no longer seen in my minds eye. Her actual image now burned into memory; seeing her pleasuring herself watching me do the same for myself. I got ready for bed and once I lay under the sheets I stroked out another orgasm thinking of her. Sleep found me immediately after.
The next day I found a department store men's department and their pre-packaged boxer briefs. Chose the size I usually wear and felt naughty buying them even though they were normal men's underwear. What the checkout girl didn't know is I was going to be wearing them for someone about her age.
At home I spent time in the bathroom and using my shaving trimmer and removed much of the hair on my manhood. Manscaping I think it's called. I looked at myself in the new dark gray underwear with neon green and red lines in the stretch waistband. I am impressed the way I look with the form fitting underwear.
The way it lifts and contains my 'package' should be appealing to her eyes. I wonder if she has any real idea how big I am hard, I thought remembering how petite she is. The boxer briefs do for me what a bra does to make boobs look delicious. I arranged my bedroom and computer camera for Lily to view me leaving nothing distracting so she can enjoy herself watching me.
Lily had lots of underwear to choose from so she picked out a shear bra and panty set, matching garter and shear stockings. She visited her friend who graduated from a cosmetology school already and had herself waxed as smooth as a dolphin. She went to her favorite adult store and bought new barbell nipple rings to replace the first set now her piercings had fully healed and a dangly navel ring that somewhat matched the nipple rings. She looks at some of the things she dreams of hanging from her piercings thinking of COSPLAY as something that would be fun.
It was important to her that she be as pleasing as she could be because she knew he was someone she could learn with who would take care of her without abusing her. She had known him all her life in a way, he was her neighbor who has always been kind to her since she can remember, and he was always happy to see her. She is still amazed that somehow their paths have crossed again after a couple years of her spreading her wings and what a way to cross paths!
I log onto the website early. No sooner was I in the main room chat than I saw a favorite pop up as online. PetL4urPnUS was online too and I texted 'Hi' and got an immediate 'XXX'. It was 20 minutes until our date was to begin but it would seem neither of us could wait, 20 minutes early meant 20 minutes longer together.
We went straight to cam link and talked about lots of things while we looked at each other in sexy underwear. Mostly about the times she had passed by my house in the last year while I was working in the yard but couldn't muster the courage to say what she had been doing and how she wanted to be friends now she was old enough to vote. She told me about her bedroom at home and the view she has there of my back yard and how my upstairs bathroom glazed window has silhouettes on it from the bathroom lights casting blurry shadows on the glazed window glass. She kept it to herself as her own private showing glad hers was the only window around that could see the lighting effect.
She said "I've watched you in your yard and did this" laying in front of the cam with her legs spread reaching into her panties showing me how she masturbated "And I would imagine you watching me like you are doing now".
It went quickly downhill into voyeur exhibitionist sex with both of us displaying and watching each other until we both had orgasms at the same time. She sprayed her camera and computer, my load wet up in the air and landed on my chest.
We are being drawn into each other's orbit. Lily pulled up her panties leaned to the cam and said "I don't think I will ever be able to have this kind of experience with anyone else. Please come to me. Please come here to my room as soon as you can get here. I need you now."
I said, "I need to close up my house."
"That's fine Barrett... I'm going to be waiting here exactly as I am but we will need to switch to our phones."
I dial her number and turn off my computer. "Hi Lily, I'm getting dressed" and I keep talking to narrate what I'm doing, pulling up my boxer briefs you just saw me in, putting on a buttoned shirt and trousers, socks and shoes. I go around the house putting everything so it can tend to itself until I return not knowing when that might be, still narrating what I am doing, and heading out after locking up, to the vehicle to get to her college, and to her room as quickly as I can without being stopped by anyone in uniform.
Shortly after I pull out of my driveway, her parents try to call her. Lily told me "I have to take their call. Be careful because I need you so much." I promise and end the call with her address in my phone with the navigation app directing my way. I arrive at her address just in time to receive a call from her.
She said "I'm coming to her door." and hung up. She opens the door on my first knock standing in her lingerie on display to me and anyone else who could look in. Her lingerie sexy and sheer giving the impression of translucence if the angle is right, bra, garter belt, panties and matching shear stockings held up by the garter belt strap clips.
She reaches for my shirt and pulls me inside closing and locking the door behind me then wraps her arms around me in a full body hug. We share our first kiss that starts with romantically parted lips and quickly our tongues touch and we are inside each other's mouth. This is genuine adoration and care and I know I am where I want to be and I know how much she needs to be wanted too.
We hug and kiss before I move her back so I can undress for her. "Lily, there is nobody alive I have undressed for this way, this is for your eyes alone." I kiss her once more wet open mouth kiss before I step back to give her a better view, about as far as I can in her small college apartment. I unbutton my shirt one button at a time opening the front so it slowly reveals what she has already seen immediately when the cams went on yesterday and earlier tonight. I pull it off my arms and drop it on the floor near her front door.
My hands go straight to undoing my belt, my jeans button and zipper before pushing my jeans down my hips slipping off my shoes as I step out of my jeans pealing off my low ankle socks at the same time. She watches me like she is watching her present unwrap himself, biting her lower lip. I stand up wearing only my boxer briefs she last saw less than an hour earlier on her computer screen.
She moves to me and hugs me making a sound as if she has been missing me for a long time. Our bodies crush together with her boobs mashing into my chest and my boxer brief packaged bulge presses into her tummy. I hear her moan feeling my cock is hard and pushing into her body.
She reaches up to put her arms around my neck exposing her body making herself vulnerable to me. I reach down behind her thighs and lift her up with my hands underneath her legs feeling her wrap legs immediately around my waist. My hands go directly underneath her butt cupping her butt cheeks. I rotate my hands underneath her to bring my fingers to her center where my fingertips meet under her pussy. I press my fingertips up and hear her moan "Barrett, I need you, that feels so fucking good. I'm starting to get that it isn't just your writing that is hot."
Lily puts her mouth to my ear, licks my ear and softly moans, "oh yes please Barrett." I feel her heat on my fingertips and the fabric is getting wet to my touch. I kiss her lips properly as a lover kisses the woman he desires. Our tongues touched and rubbed before chasing through each others mouth. My fingers patting her pussy lips while my hands support her well enough to turn and move her back to the closed and locked front door. I press her back against her door and lean my hips into her to trap her between me and her door.
With her hips pinned between mine and the wall I reach behind her and with one experienced squeeze released the clasp of her bra pulling it off her shoulders tossing it over where my clothes lay in a heap on the floor. First garment removed and her boobs are gorgeous. She has gold balls of her barbell pierced nipple rings on either side of both nipples. Lily protested, "hey that's no fair! let me down."
"Fine" I smirk and reduce the pressure I'm holding her up with against the door with to let gravity drag her body across my boxer brief contained bulge that plows inward on her pussy trapping her again between me and the door. I know I am putting a lot of pressure on her clit. She is stuck again with her feet still too high above the floor for her toes to reach. My cock pressing into the center of her pussy with both her panties and my boxer briefs preventing skin contact of our sexes.
Lily moans, "Still not fair!" She squeezes my nipples with her fingers. It instantly makes my cock bigger and she can feel it happen like she just turned up my cock size dial. I can hear us both moaning as if it someone else is in the room making the sound. Never before having my nipples grabbed this way and surprised at the immediate effect on me.
I laugh before grabbing her ass and lifting her up again and carry her to her bed. I kneel on her bed and lean forward and moving my hands behind her back to gently lay her onto her mattress on her back sliding my hands out laying directly on top of her with my cock bulge again directly on top of her pussy hearing her moan. "Say you don't like this." I tease.
"Strip me naked" was her plea.
I lift my weight off her groin and return to kneeling between her thighs and slip my fingers into her panties waistband and begin to pull her panties down. I know I have sex brain because her garter belt is keeping her panties hostage so my fingers move from panties to stockings and garter strap clasps and undo all eight of them one at a time.
With them around her like a shredded reach behind her slender waist finding her garter belt clasp and give one gentle squeeze parting it as easily as I did her bra strap clasp. I pull the garter belt from around her waist and toss it in the direction where her bra went. Suddenly exposed is gold dangly belly button piercing. My little Lily is not a little girl anymore.
My hands move back to her panties waistband, I lean back pulling her legs up onto my chest and drag her panties up towards me that is down her hips and thighs watching her lift her hips helping. With them pulled off her feet I toss them to join the rest of her lingerie.
I push her thighs apart and see her pussy up close and can smell her scent for the first time. Actually, I know I have smelled her scent before now it is coursing through my sinuses. I breathe her scent in deeply. "Fuck Lily your pussy smells great." Proof she's been turned on around me before.
She's naked laying in front of me except for her nipple piercings looking hot, her belly piercing like a glittery chandelier above my waiting dessert, and her shear stockings that appear to be staying up well enough. I slide my legs down and kneel on the floor pulling her hips to move her pussy where I can put my face directly into her crotch.
My tongue licks her outer lips first and slips between her outer and her inner lips enjoying tasting her and feeling my tongue tip between these folds before moving up to tenderly touch her clit with the very tip in a stroking motion. Licking.
I look up watching Lily's eyes looking down at me watching her reaction. I move my tongue to taste her ample wetness welling from her pussy and plunge my tongue inside her pussy licking as if my tongue is my cock on a rampage. The new view of my friend and a look I have never seen on her face before has me captivated and noticing everything going immediately to watching her for cause and effect responses already seeking her trigger points where nerves are responsive. Licking.
She's so ready to surrender herself to me she spreads her legs wider giving me better access. I knew she was a dancer and gymnast but I have never eaten out a pussy while a woman does a wide split with her feet are pointing in opposite directions. Everything so far is new for me with Lily and I feel much younger than my birthday would dictate. Being able to experience all these firsts with maturity keeps my focus on what is working best for Lily knowing she is the key to what happens between us after these moments. Licking.
She had told me that I was the focus of her fantasies and daydreams. I have no doubt she means it the way she is enjoying the cunnilingus I'm treating her to. Her voice a sexy tone, "oh fuck Bar... Rett... been dr... reaming of.... you doing... this for... ohhhhhh" She looks down lifting her hips to my face as if fucking my tongue. My patience intact I keep searching and exploring her sex revisiting the most sensitive places again and again attentive and watching. Licking.
Her eyes urgent and wanting, trusting, loving, lusting. Her responses look fresh and appear to be first time experiences for her too. We have only started. I lift my face to speak "Is this your fantasy?" "Your naughty thoughts?" "Masturbating watching me in my backyard?" Her moan and my mouth back to her pussy have a timing like dancing. This time I will not stop until I experience her first orgasm with me. My mouth on her cunt. Licking.
Lily has let me take control of her sex. She can only feel what I am doing because my mouth is sealing her pussy and my tongue is touching all her sensitive girl parts. My hands are supporting her hips serving her pussy up to my mouth like enjoying a fine main course of soup without using a spoon. Licking.
I can sense this is her first time being treated to sex by a real man and she keeps stopping herself from enjoying what my tongue was doing to her. Her eyes convey fear, apprehension and desire not knowing what I have in mind to do to her. I keep going licking, slurping and swallowing her wetness, her pussy an instrument in my mouth I intend to master like a concert musician. Her words speaking her permission and desires, "Don't stop, harder, oh yes, oh fuck" and on and on. Licking.
She would tell me later her college men had been self centered and left her unsatisfied, their failure to to seduce her was evident in how her hips were rising to my touch, her sweet mewing and constant feminine sounds of pleasure. I could feel and hear I was doing everything right for her and I was determined to get what none of those college men would ever touch. It is quite possible I already have but I want to seal the deal and make her devoted. Licking.
My mouth and tongue lick and suck her pussy lips and inside her pussy. i suck my way up to her hood and clit and bring my finger up to her pussy. I tap her pussy with my finger before I slip one finger into her the same way I had watched her finger fucking herself. Licking. Sucking. Finger plunging.
Her moans are instantly louder and her hips start moving like she's trying to fuck my finger. I pull my finger out and move another one next to it then slip two fingers into her pussy. She moans again bucks her hips. She looks down to see my face still blocking her view of my hand and two fingers fucking her pussy. Sucking. Fingers plunging.
I rotate my hand palm up and move my face away from her pussy and she looks down with a squeal of surprise. "Two already?!" I feel a sense of accomplishment at her surprise. I thrust my fingers in and out roughly, using my strong toned arm to plunge my two fingers quickly, rapidly with fingertips stroking her G-spot. My strong toned strong arm, thick rough fingers, and stamina soon has her a sexual mess at the mercy of her body seeking a release. Fingers plunging fast.
My finger fuck is merciless and continuous overloading her nervous system, continuously stroking her erogenous spot until she abandons hope of retaining any control to the ferocity and sexual pleasure I'm putting into her cunt that could suddenly not longer be held inside any longer.
Her release is beyond anything she or I have experienced before. Lily's yell announcing her orgasm loud enough to be heard throughout the apartment complex. Her tensing body sprays me with a pussy shower and her cunt clamps tightly shut squeezing around my fingers like a vice.
I lift my arm and it lifts her body off the bed as if she is an extension of my arm. I lift my arm again and I feel the strength in her pussy gripping my fingers inside her. I don't think she is aware of me in her euphoria lifting her butt and back off the bed until only her shoulders are on the bed with the powerful suction she is exerting with her vagina. I use this advantage to move her turning her to a new direction in her bed using my trapped fingers and arm like a handle to move us both away from the pussy sprayed wet sheets.
I am looking forward to feeling her suction gripping me when I am being held inside her body by my cock deeply fucking her. I can feel her pussy relaxing as she comes down from her first powerful orgasm with me. I can now slip my fingers out of her tightness easily in her slick wetness.
Lily is breathing hard and starts coming back to her senses. She starts smiling "Oh babe that was the hottest fuck I have ever had and it was just your fingers... how do you..." I cut her her words short, her eyes watching me, I'm moving my mouth back close to her crotch. What I hear next is proof my intelligent neighbor is here with me in person.
She's still breathing heavily, "I can't believe how fast I succumbed to you and let you do to my body whatever you wanted to do. Fuck Mr. C..." I could see she was about to tell me to give her a moment but she called me Mr. C and that is obviously a turn on for her during sex so I resumed. My mouth clamped on her pussy with my tongue licking and sucking where she gets her greatest response. Licking.
She pleads "slow down, slow" but her second orgasm hits her hard and takes away all her words leaving moans of ecstasy and pleasure instead. I clamp my mouth over her pussy just in time to catch her spraying cum as her next strong orgasm overtakes her. She is off on her cloud of bliss. I move my creamed mouth away and use my hands on her hips to gently mover her seeing to this beautiful woman while she is completely unaware of her reality.
I move her hips and set her on her bed where I can move up next to her. On her back she looks beautifully sexy as her waves of pleasure keep rippling through her slowly subsiding. I slip my arm around her holding her to me and caress her naked body, cuddling her to my almost naked body with the aftercare she needs. Aftercare that is in fact foreplay for the next round.
Lily comes back to herself and looks up into my eyes noticing wetness around my mouth. She leans in close to my face smelling me and knows it's her sex on my face. She licks herself on my skin and smiles moaning a most feminine "mmmm you are the hottest, sexiest man I've ever been with."
"I am not a virgin in the true sense but I am a virgin in never having had sex with a real man like you." She pokes my chest with her finger in a provocative way. "They were all pathetic self interested over gown boys." Her strength is slowly returning as she shifts her body. to look down at my bulging boxer briefs intently.
She slips her hand down my tummy and under the waistband into my boxer briefs finding my raging hardon with her fingers and hand. Her eyes go as big as they would if she had ice water dumped on her. "What?!"
She immediately moves like a woman possessed and grabbing my waistband dragging the fabric down my hips. I move my hips lifting a little to help her strip them off my legs. She has wide eyed looking at my cock "oh my god! oh my god!!
oh my god!!!" She kept saying it in astonishment louder and louder until she's loud enough for anyone with hearing to know something is up. And then they hear.
"How the fuck am I supposed to get that thing into my little pussy?" She look distressed again, "Oh fuck!" I take Lily's hand and wrap her fingers around my shaft. Her longest finger cannot meet her thumb coming around the other way.
I push her hair back and look into her eyes. "I promise you that if a baby can come out of this vagina, my girth will go inside you full depth." She begins to tear up and actually sobs. I hold her to me with her hand still holding my big cock. "You are going to be alright, I will open you up gently."
"I know that Barrett but I never thought that I was going to actually be with you and tonight has been a total dream come true and now... now I'm holding the cock I always wanted. All the girls are going to be jealous of me for being the one who gets to fuck you and have this cock anytime you want me."
The last part catches me like a deer in spotlight. She just gave herself to me and it's making my cock swell harder and her thumb and fingers are forced even further apart. She looks at me with her tears streaming. I was caught up in her emotion knowing she has chosen me as her man. I understand the responsibility she has given to me and I am determined to exceed her expectations.
My question sounds full of that understanding and commitment, "What can I do to stop you crying Lily." My eyes looking through her eyes to see the real Lily.
"You can fuck me and get this worry out of me that this thing will never fit inside me." I kiss her, our mouths open with active tongues. I think to how she needs to be prepared for what follows.
I put my finger under her chin lifting her face level with mine. "I am going to take care of you Lily. Now this is important. Look into my eyes." She was already looking but somehow I see her look intently into my eyes with undivided attention. "You must tell me if you feel any pain at any time because my intention is to only pleasure you and to not hurt you. Can you promise me you will?"
She nods yes, "I will, I promise but I don't know how this is going to fit without you splitting me in half." Her eyes lower to her hand on my cock. "You are huge." looking at her own body. "Just look at me, I'm so little and you are..." her look becoming lustful again without fear, "oh fuck you are huge." She moves her hand up and down on my cock then looks up with lustful eyes looking at me, "My big man."
I kiss her temple with a smile on my face, "Babies are bigger than what you are holding. Well, a little bigger." She laughs at my corny joke. I can see it is helping watching her swiftly changing expressions. I touch her chin that returns her eyes to mine, her response as if realizing I had not yet finished telling her what is important.
"Lily, I want to pleasure you to the point where you want me and my cock to be the man and penis to take care of your needs. I can still give you a baby so if that is one of your needs then sometime down the road I will make you pregnant." I keep the words on the level of conversations we have always had knowing how to reach her discerning mind. Her eyes reflect her understanding.
She smiles and leans her head into mine, "You already are my man and really, you always have been, I just didn't know until now how true it is. I had no idea how this could be possible for me to have you so until today I did not know this could ever be true." She looks down at her legs seeing how slick with her own wetness she already is with her wetness welling out of her.
I slip my arm under her legs and the other under her back and pick her up like she weighs nothing. I move her over her bed to the only remaining dry spot and gently lay her down on her back and spread her hair around her head and shoulders to frame her face and upper body. My body next to hers so I can touch her and kiss her body.
I spend time attending to her neglected boobs like she had written in the roleplay. I fondle them with fingertips, kiss them with my lips all around her circumferences, suck gently on all sides of her breasts and especially her nipples, and lick playing with the barbell balls on my tongue. I have never enjoyed nipple rings on a woman and these are new toys for me too.
I use my other hand fingers and flick the gold balls with my fingernails sending tiny shockwaves through nerve bundles in her nipples directly through her barbell piercing. I'm smiling at the way it makes her respond. Both nipples stimulated simultaneously curl her toes and she shudders in a more gentle boob stimulation orgasm.
My daydreams are coming true too as I touch her where before I had dreamed to do so. I stroke her hair as her eyes refocus. Lily moans, "I have class in the morning, you should hurry up." I kiss her lips and look into her eyes thinking she may not get to her class in the morning.
"What I am going to do is not to be rushed because your body needs to be trained to take a cock of my size into you so you can be ready for it next time and every time you want me." My fingertips stroke her skin enjoying touching what I could only ever imagine touching before.
She nods, "I love you, you know, and I trust you so, would you stay with me tonight? We won't look at the clock and just be with each other. I so much want to be with you like I have always dreamed I would be."
"I like that idea" I kiss her and again look into her eyes. "I think I have always loved you too Lily, but the way I used to love you was appropriate for when we were just neighbors who liked to talk and learn from each other. Until you showed yourself to me online. At that moment I knew I also lust for you. I think we might just love each other the same way and I'm looking forward to finding out."
I kiss her again, and roll my body to bring myself over her so my bulbous cockhead nestles against her wet pussy. I let her feel it throbbing on her tender pussy lips. Our first direct skin to skin, cock and pussy contact. I pause letting my throbbing rest on her slick lips. I want to capture this moment in my mind to be there forever. I know she wants to do the same thing. We both just look for a moment. She reaches her hand over grabbing my cock just below my circumcised cockhead and pounds my cockhead on her clit and pussy. "This is just fantastic Barrett." Sniffing back her runny nose because of her tears.
I reach over her to support myself and move my body over hers to face her, letting her keep holding my cock. I slip my arms around her, "I know a way you can have fun and maybe shed a few less tears." I hold her body to mine lowering myself onto her body trapping her arm gripping my cock shaft between us. I roll over on my side and keep rolling to flip her from her laying on her back to me laying my back with her body on top of me.
Her pussy is now mushed against my cockhead but only her weight controls the pressure and movement. "Ride me Lily but not to make me go inside, just slide up and back so my cock slides through your pussy lips like you're humping your teddy bear. You will make me slick and you will feel my length through your pussy lips."
"It will relax you and you might just have an orgasm. Better yet you might give me an orgasm and I can't think of another thing that would be as good for the first orgasm you give me. Besides, you will get the opportunity to put your mouth over me as I'm about to cum and get your first taste of my cum."
Her smiles are already creasing her complexion as she pushes herself into an upright position. "Were you watching me humping my bear Mr. C? My dinosaur was my favorite." Lily starts moving her pussy up and down the underside of my shaft with her fingers underneath my cock directing it down her centerline and getting her balance and movement to what feels best for her, and in turn me too.
"This is actually funny!" I look at her with a quizzical look seeing her tears stopped. She laughs, "it's my job, I'm a pole dancer and I never thought I would be dancing on your pole tonight!" Her humor intact I laugh with her and thrill at how our relationship has changed to include us spending much more time together again. And time that is more intimate than I ever thought possible.
Lily rubs herself on the underside of my big cock making me slick and slippery on her slick slippery lips. She realizes "hey, we are being as intimate and probably just as sexual as we would be fucking, and this is more visually pleasing too, me being up here looking at you down there, seeing your cock poking out between us every time I.... ohhhh it's so good... every time I slide back rubbing my clit on your cock...." The sizzle in her eyes and behavior was blazing. My super hot girl!
"Ooooohhhh, you know, if I was going up an' down plunging you in and out of my pussy we couldn't be watching this. You're leaking Barrett, look!" Lily moves one hand from my chest putting one finger under my cockhead tip and gets her finger coated with the latest flow of clear precum, She brings the stringing liquid to her lips smearing it like lip gloss then pounces on me bringing her mouth to mine smearing her new lip gloss on my lips too.
I reach down and smack her ass cheek making her squeal, nothing but smiles and naughty gleam in her eyes. I put my hands on her tits and squeeze pushing her back up vertical with my hands still groping her boobs. She doesn't need to tell me that we have already been lasting much longer than any of the guys who have disappointed her before. Her hands holding my hands on her boobs with her nipple rings in my palms, chin lifted, eyes closed, smiling, happy sounds emanating from her.
My intuition from what Lily had told me was they all in somewhat similar fashion got their rocks off quickly, left her a mess she had to clean up, left her unsatisfied without an orgasm, and never talked to her again. That is not happening tonight. Not for my Lily and something like that will never happen again for her as long as she has my cock to play with.
"Barrett this is so much fun! You! You are so much fun. And you should know that you have always been my married boyfriend. I was always too scared to say anything, but in my mind you..." She pulled my hands away and lay herself down on me for a hug before rocking her hips and stroking my shaft bottom while we are laying together. Her pussy lips rubbing us both in mutual masturbation.
She sounds happy with her head on my chest as if listening to my heart. I am moved to say, "I love you." Lily lifts her head and looks up again to see my eyes still looking at her eyes.
She says, "I love you and you love me too, I can see it in your eyes!" Then more softly, "I have always seen it in your eyes." Her hips keep moving humping our sexes together.
Lily's energy seems to multiply as she's riding me like I'm a mechanical bull and she is the bull mistress making it look easy. Pole dancer indeed, I know I am going to take her to work on Friday and be her best fan and be there for her from start to finish. Resolving to bring it up later and not ruin her mood should there be more to it than I know. My hands never stop moving on her skin, touching her body everywhere I can touch.
I fondle her tits. My hands slide over her thighs. I feel her butt cheeks and then her inner thighs, then the outside of her pussy lips feeling my thick shaft moving on the other side of them where she is actively grinding us together. I never dreamed we would be enjoying doing these things. The long fantasized daydreams during countless depraved nights now present themselves in memory as preparing for this main event.
She leans forward and over my chest pressing her boobs on my chest dragging her nipples on my chest making her body shiver at the sensation. She looks like a kid again playing with her favorite toys, or maybe this is how she as a pole dancer pleases herself? I would not know having only briefly watched pole dancing in videos. I imagine those nipple rings are providing added stimulation.
I will know more first hand when I watch her late on Friday night and no doubt compare her dancing at the club to how she is dancing on my cock shaft tonight in her college apartment. "Would you let me drive you to work Friday night? I will stay the whole time as your biggest fan and take you home." The words out before I realize I had resolved to wait just moments ago.
Her movements making her nipples rub on my chest are also having the effect of rubbing her vagina firmly on my cockhead. I can't help notice she is grinding her vagina on my penis with the same kind of motion a billiards player uses a chalk cube on the tip of a pool cue to ready the tip for an important shot. "I would love that B... Barrett, oh fuck this is good... you can be my bodyguard... god I love you."
I can feel her pussy softening and covering more and more of my bulbous helmet shaped cockhead. The tip of my cock adding my leaking precum to her pussy wetness making us a super slippery cocktail of frictionless lubrication. With it she can continue her pole dance on my cock without the nerve endings being overloaded like a bad cock sucking can provide to make an otherwise good moment one that has to have the agony stopped. "This is the best my pussy has ever felt!"
We can both feel how her pussy is slowly relaxing and lubricating my cockhead and beginning to fit over my cockhead like a stretching knit hat. Continuing to stretch until she has a mighty "OOOOOHHH!!!" from her mouth. We both feel my cockhead slip inside her pussy. She looks at me and gasps "You're inside me Barrett!" she said excitedly, looking into my eyes. Her face is radiant and looking triumphant, even with 6 more inches of wide cock to get inside her.
"You're going to fit! You're going to fit! You're going to fit! Inside me Mr. Barrett!" There's no way I can be anything other than totally in love with this beautiful waif of a young woman. Her boobs bouncing up and down in her joy of shallow fucking her pussy with my cockhead nestled inside her body even if it is only one inch deep inside her.
Lily keeps riding my cockhead like her pussy is mounted on the top of a saddle horn she's trying to make fit. She keeps rolling her hips around like her pussy is a mountain highway trucker's hand working a 25 gear standard transmission on its stick shift knob. The pleasure so good we have both completely forgotten time exists.
I'm inside her and that is all that matters to her. Her dancing and acrobatic training, her youth, strength and endurance makes it possible for her to support her weight and keep moving her body skewering her pussy on my big cock. I'm slowly opening her vagina deeper and deeper as her slowly unfolding and stretching vaginal skin accommodates my considerable girth.
It's her vaginal muscles that take time to elongate and stretch by being forced apart that makes it possible for my girth to penetrate deeper. Any faster using more force would tear her and cause her injury. Slow penetration as she is doing for herself at a rate that is pleasurable to her will do the task given sufficient time. Like all things with the female reproductive system, time is the one factor that cannot be rushed.
She was now raising herself up and letting gravity do the effort down, movements going inline with my cock shaft and slowly, very slowly with every downward thrust into her pussy my cockhead is going deeper inside her. The persistent rubbing and slow stretching of her pussy walls allow my size to penetrate now 4 inches into her body.
Again she leans forward and lowers herself onto my chest to rub herself up and down my body with her thighs rubbing against mine. She could not believe how good it feels. I decide to have some fun with her, "I'm going to challenge you to be able to do this for us in 30 years. I'll be older and I'm going to need you to do all the effort to fuck us Lily."
She smacked my chest and said "Bite your tongue big man, you will still be splitting me open with this monster on your 100th birthday and everyone will say, no wonder he's living so long fucking that gorgeous little chick." She pushed herself down and rolled her hips around auguring her pussy with my cock.
Fucking Lily fucking me is like having an itch that cannot be properly scratched, it just keeps insisting on attention and won't leave us alone. She was compelled to keep going for the orgasm she sought, and knew so well what it was from what I was able to bring out of her earlier.
"I love my orgasms Barrett, I have them everywhere and places I shouldn't have been making myself cum. Like when I was watching you from my bedroom window." She seems to enjoy the naughtiness saying it, "and countless masturbation fantasies with you in my mind as my favorite dream man. One day I will let you know when I had my first one, which I remember so well, and you're never going to believe it." This is sex at its best when my girl is talking happily about sex while she's riding my cock.
She was apparently thinking ahead enjoying our fucking while certain that in time we both would cum. Even so, at the same time wishing our fucking would never end. "Barrett? Can I spend the weekend with you at your house, just you and me with nobody knowing I'm there so I can have you all to myself? I don't care what we do, I just want to be with you and be able to smell you." I don't have to think about her question and inhale deeply to smell her riding my cock.
I respond, "I was thinking we can go to my house when you finish work Friday night. Then we will have the weekend to spend together in the comfort and privacy of my home. By the end of the weekend you will be grinding your pelvis against mine with my cockhead rubbing your cervix and then you will never be satisfied with anyone else's cock in your cunt." I'm not yet fully inside her. Lily has managed to work almost three quarters of my shaft into her.
It started. It started so suddenly we look into each others eyes and I can see Lily feels it too. A small telltale tickle like a tremor preceding an earthquake. Our experience with self induced orgasms forecasts an impending buildup that has already begun. She said she loves her orgasms so she is as experienced as I am with mine. That kind of experience makes us sensitive to what is going on and also tells us what is about to happen.
We are emotionally and physically connected in this marathon first fuck. I don't doubt for a second that the way we are connected we have our nervous systems plugged in together and we are sensing each other's cerebral cortex pleasure responses. Our hands touch and her fingers interlace with mine as she continues to strain with legs beginning to tremble to maintain the fucking that has already exceeded either of our previous experiences. I don't need a clock to tell me my first orgasm with Lily has taken more than 20 minutes.
The way sensations increase we both know we are each heading for an incredibly strong climax. I can feel her vagina trembling around my throbbing shaft that is swelling inside her, forcing her pussy wider than ever. We are so tight together the way our sexual skin is stretching past the point where nerve endings are stimulated, the itching urge has magnified to a maddening irritation and our slick sexes are preventing the friction we need to get a soothing scratch.
Her pussy so tight on my swollen cock her trembling is triggering my nervous system and we are tuned into each others harmonic response like twin legs on a tuning fork and we are buzzing. Lily begins to lose voluntary control of her muscles and I use my hands and hips to help keep us fucking to keep adding one more thrust to keep building the sexual energy to the bursting point. The build up so intense I start to feel a similar loss of control, we are so close. She whispers, "cum with me Barrett... cum in me."
"Are you sure?" I whispered breathlessly as my climax was rising steeply. My hips thrusting pressing my cockhead into her and straining to keep the stimulation building.
"Yes... I'm protected... always want... your cum... fill" Her eyes roll back. She shudders and convulses. Her pussy squeezing hard my invading cock. My eyes roll back. My primal urge thrusting, lifting her up. Her vagina gripping me tightly, seals in my cock. We are one.
Past the point of no return I empty myself into her. Strong cum flood surging into her in wave after wave of semen. Orgasms carrying our minds away while primal coupled bodies complete our mating to ensure the survival of the species and unifying us as a mating pair exchanging hormones for a chemical bond and dependency for mating forever more.
Gushes of my potent sperm laden cum blasted inside her injecting my essence inside her body where my pheromones begin to mingle in her body systems creating within her a natural dependency to receive more of me whenever she feels the need to be satisfied again. Her vaginal vacuum seal and rhythmic vaginal squeezing drawing my cock into her provides her plug preventing any possibility of her losing her man and my seed in our state of mutual rapture.
My big cock and her tight pussy remain joined. Our sex mixture safe inside her. We are sated and holding each other in utter bliss. Holding onto each other in the afterglow of our mutual orgasms. Lily's head on my chest with her hair soft on my skin.
Her body is draped on top of mine. My legs are wrapped with hers on top of me Lily still in her sexual pose straddling me. My cock still throbbing and big, she is in no hurry to have my cock slip out of her, the same cock she has wanted inside her for years. The one thing that makes me smile that I know she doesn't know about is that I don't lose my erection when I cum, able to go for my own rounds 2 through a number I have yet to discover, having once in college worn out a room of sorority women who thought they could outlast me. Maybe she won't want to know that story, something to decide on another day.
I stroke her hair with my arm not wrapped around her listening to her breathing go soft and regular. I feel her muscles relax throughout her body knowing she has fallen asleep being fucked. A favorite experience I have not had in more than 30 years. I relax and hold her, falling asleep just as we are on her wet college bed.