I have been playing golf for over 20 years, my wife started playing about 4 years ago, but has only ventured out onto the course a couple of times. We are a competitive couple with neither of us enjoying losing.
I had arranged a game at one of our local courses for us during the week and told my wife, she was happy to be going golfing again, it had been quite a while since the last time that we played. My wife had been practicing regularly and had improved considerably and decided to make a bet. "Let´s make a bet, I want to see whether you can break par, which I doubt" she said.
"Ok, what do you want to bet?" I asked, confidently.
"Well, as I am going to win, you will have to be my slave for the number of days that you are over par. Your duties will be anything that I desire, and one of those things will be you locked in a chastity cage, you will not be allowed out until midnight on the last day. Do you accept the bet?" she asked.
"OK, bet accepted, but if I do break par, what is in it for me?" I questioned.
"Erm, what do you want" My wife asked.
"For every shot under par, you must be my caddy for one hole" I began.
"Easy, I accept" she jumped in before I could finish.
"Hold on, I am not done yet. For every shot under par, you must caddy for me in the nude and do whatever I ask" I finished.
"What?! No way, I can´t do that, people might see!" She argued.
"Up to you, but that´s the deal. Take it or leave it" I said, smiling knowing that she wouldn´t turn it down".
"Fine, you are going to lose anyway" she said stroppily, a touch of anxiousness in her voice.
The next couple of days saw my wife heading to the driving range to get in as much practice as she could, coupled with some additional tips from me. The night before our round, she reminded me of the bet and that I hadn´t played golf in quite some time, something that happens regularly.
"I know babe, but don´t worry, I am going to play well tomorrow" I said nonchalantly.
"And when I do, you are going to be naked for the world to see".
My wife slapped me on the chest, laughing she said, "no chance, you are going to suffer".
That morning breakfast was a tense affair, my wife was quiet and looked nervous as she walked into the kitchen. She had chosen her attire carefully, a tight vest top which clung to her body and a skort that was wonderfully short and crept just above her butt check. It was a great view, but I wasn´t going to let that distract me from the task at hand.
We ate in silence, except for me asking if more coffee was required.
We jumped into the car; my wife turned the radio up. I looked over and smiled at her, placing my hand on her thigh. She smiled back and began to sing along to the music. The course was quiet, it was a weekday and being a member´s only course, there were only a couple of senior members ahead of us, they had begun at sunrise so would be well ahead by the time we set off.
Standing on the first tee, I asked "Are you sure you want to do this?"
"Absolutely" she said confidently, "did you want to chicken out?"
"No, let´s get going" I replied.
I started badly, bogeying the first three holes, which my wife made sure to inform me of as we stood on the 4th tee. "I told you I could distract you, and I haven´t even tried yet" she quipped.
"There are still 15 holes to go, so plenty of chances for me to claw some shots back" I said.
Reaching the 10th tee, I had got myself back to level par, an eagle on the 7th and a birdie on the 9th had riled my wife somewhat, and she began in earnest to try and put me off my game. Hitting off down the 10th fairway, I turned back to the buggy and noticed my wife´s bra in the rear basket. I looked over as she teed off, as she turned back towards me I could see the outline of her nipples through the white material, she was determined to distract me and to be honest it was working. My eyes were glued to her as she bounced back towards the buggy.
"Everything ok?" she asked coyly, blatantly knowing that I always loved her tits.
She sat down next to me, closer than she had before. Driving down the fairway towards her ball, her breasts bounding over ever bump my eyes were drawn towards her, so much so that I drove straight past her ball.
"oi, my ball is back there" she said, "are you ok?"
"Sorry, I was so focussed on my game that I completely forget" I said, trying to avoid the fact that she had indeed distracted me.
I managed to regain my thoughts and focus, and made birdies on 11, 13 and 16, but a wild drive on the 17th meant I was staring another bogey in the face.
Once again, taking the opportunity my wife reminded me that I was in trouble, she tried desperately to put more doubt in my mind, but I was determined not to lose a shot. I played a superb recovery just short of the green. My wife upped the ante as she drove the buggy slowly towards the green, leaning over to whisper in my ear "you know I have no underwear on don´t you?"
"You can tell me what you want, I am going to have you caddying naked for at least 3 holes". I said, trying to block the thought out of my head.
Looking over, my wife moved her hand into her shorts, rubbing herself gently underneath the silky fabric. Removing her hand as we reached the green, she showed me her glistening finger, she was soaking wet and she wanted me to know it. I duffed my chip, not even reaching the green.
"Ha, I told you I could distract" she cooed before I chipped the next shot into the hole.
"Not yet you haven´t" I replied in arrogant jest.
My wife again upped the ante on the 17th, reaching across to rub my cock as we headed down the fairway, her fingers danced around the head. I stayed calm and played a decent shot into the green. Playing her shot, my wife made sure to pull her skort as high as possible, exposing almost her entire arse as she stood over the ball.
My cock twitched in my pants, before she sat next to me again and leant down to kiss my cock through my pants.
I bogeyed the hole, after hitting an awful first putt. My wife jumped for joy, although I think it was more an act to distract as her boobs bounced freely causing her nipples to harden and push against her white vest.
The 18th was a similar story, my wife playing with my cock and revealing as much bare skin each time she played a shot, again I bogeyed the hole, but at least I had won the bet.
"1 under par, that means for one hole of my choosing you must caddy for me in the nude" I beamed as I spoke.
My wife was not so happy, "I don´t believe you are going to make me go through with it" she hissed.
"Would you have made me go through with it if you had won the bet" I questioned.
Her face told me the answer was yes.
I headed into the pro-shop to make our booking. "Hey Brian, can I book in for another round?" I asked the pro.
"Hey Ash, yeah sure you and the wife again?" replied Brian.
"Oh yes, which day is quietest?" I asked.
"Erm, let´s see. Friday at 10 is that Ok? The seniors have a couple of slots booked at 7:30 and then there is one group of visitors at 9, the rest of the day is clear" he said.
"Perfect 10 o´clock on Friday, oh and we will walk this time" I said as I turned to walk out the door.
My wife was in a huff all the way home. When we had unpacked the clubs and got inside, I told her "we have tee time on Friday at 10, the course is quiet there will only be the seniors and one group of visitors".
"Fine" she said.
She headed upstairs to take a shower, I followed.
I opened the bathroom door and saw my wife standing naked in front of the mirror, immediately my cock sprang to life as I saw her hand rubbing along her slit. She hadn´t noticed me and I slipped in behind her, grabbing her tits and slowly massaging them as she continued to rub her pussy. You could smell her excitement. I pressed my cock against her arse crack, her legs opened to allow me to slide my cock up her snatch, her hand grabbing the head. She was dripping. My wife continued to rub her fingers around the head of my penis as I was sliding backwards and forwards, coating my cock in her juice, my hands never leaving her breasts.
"I am going to cum" we said in unison.
And with that my wife began to shake uncontrollably, squirting all over me, the first gush of warm fluid felt amazing, and I began to shoot string after string of cum across the mirror. My wife was losing her legs due to the strength of her orgasm and it took all of my strength to hold her as she came down from one of the most incredible highs she had experienced. I led her to the shower and started the hot water.
It cascaded down across our bodies, we just stood there wrapped in a warm embrace. I whispered in her ear "I love you" and she squeezed me tighter.
The rest of the day was uneventful, and we just cuddled all night, Thursday was also uneventful, nothing was mentioned about the bet and I didn´t want to bring it up.
Although I was considering which hole, she should be naked for. I wanted something that was secluded, just in case, but also long to make the most of my win.
In the morning, my wife asked, "do I have to wear anything in particular?"
"No, babe, wear whatever you want" I replied.
When we arrived at the course, I checked in with the pro-shop and I was told that we could go straight off, we had arrived about 30 minutes early.
"So, when do I have to caddy for you, sir?" my wife said-
"I think we will do it on hole 11, it´s the longest hole on the course and one of the most secluded, at least you won´t be too embarrassed" I said.
"OK, well let´s tee off" she said.
The round was wonderful up to the 10th, we had both played well and had been enjoying some light-hearted conversation. As we walked to the 11th tee, my wife looked at me and said, "give me your bag sir".
I obliged and she took hold of my trolley and continued her way to the tee. As she arrived at the tee, she looked around before removing her polo shirt, lifting her hands above her head, and pulling it up and across her sports bra, her nipples were clearly visible, perhaps she was enjoying this, I thought. She carefully folded her polo and placed it in her bag. She removed her skirt, leaning forward to give me a perfect view of her pussy, which was covered with a black G-string. Again, she neatly folded her skirt and placed it in her bag. After another quick glance to make sure we were alone she slipped her G-string around her ankles and over her golf shoes, giving me a glimpse of her cleanly shaven pussy. Her bra quickly followed, and her c-cup breasts bounced slightly. She put her underwear in her bag and hurried across to the tee.
I couldn´t believe that she had gone through with it, but I was more than happy that she had. Her pert arse in front of me. I headed to the tee and teed off. My wife waited for me at the ladies tee as she always did before she lent forward at the waist and placed her tee in the ground.
My cock was now rock hard and straining against my trousers. The sight of my gorgeous wife hitting a tee shot in the nude was delightful, her hips swayed, her arse stuck out and her breasts bouncing freely as she swung through, holding her pose admiring her perfect tee shot.
She turned and headed back to the trolleys as she said "anything you need sir?"
"Actually, you could clean my balls" I said with a wry smile.
"OK" she said, dipping her hand in to the pocket of my golf bag.
"I don´t mean those balls" I said, "come her and lick my balls".
Reluctantly she walked over, her head darting from side to side, checking that there was no one around. She slowly got onto her knees and began to lick my balls, from the base of my penis almost to my arsehole. Each lick was more determined, and my cock twitched each time she closed in on my rosebud. "Ok, I think you have done a good job, let´s carry on" I said putting my cock back in my trousers. Walking down the fairway behind my wife was uncomfortable, I was so hard that each step caused my shaft to rub against the material of my underwear. As we reached her ball, I asked her "please make sure to hold your follow through" which she did as the ball was cracked down the fairway.
Taking mine and her trolley in hand she strode down towards my ball, completely at ease with her nakedness.
"Caddy, please could you take a look at my shaft, I am not sure if it is too stiff" I asked.
She understood the play on words immediately, grabbing my cock she unzipped my flies and fished out my shaft, which was indeed extremely stiff. "Yes sir, I think that this shaft is too stiff, what shall I do with it?" she spoke quietly but confidently.
"I think you should show it some love" I said.
She already was, her hand was slowly stroking it, but she knew what I wanted as she went to kneel in front of me. "No, remain on your feet" I said pulling her back up.
Spreading her legs wide enough to allow her to lean forward she engulfed my cock with her lips and began to swirl her tongue around it´s head. She continued sucking with force, before my hand found her head and I began to push her down onto me. My wife was not a fan of deepthroating, so I did not push too hard, but to my surprise and joy she took my entire length in her mouth, my balls pressing against her chin. It was incredible, here I was playing my favourite game and getting my cock deep throated for the first time.
"I think we should continue our round babe" I said as I pulled my aching cock from her mouth.
Getting my cock back into my trousers was becoming more of a challenge and playing the shots more so. I decided that I would leave my cock out, it was just easier. My wife smiled at the sight of my cock bouncing with every step.
My third shot was not a great one, and had ended up in the trees to the rear of the green. "Caddy, could you please come and help me search for my ball" I called out
"My diligent and obedient caddy came into the trees and immediately reached into my trousers to pull my balls from my pants. "I found them" she said with a huge smile on her face.
I chipped the ball onto the green, leaving a lengthy putt for par. My wife removed the flag and I couldn´t resist. "Darling, could you please put the shaft in the hole, so I can see it?" She looked at me quizzically before the penny dropped at my inuendo.
Striding towards me, she began to finger her pussy as she walked, was she close to orgasm or was she trying to get wet for me, I wondered.
She spun around lent forward and spread her arse cheeks, inviting me to fuck her right there on the green. I took the invitation and shoved my hard cock into her pussy in one stroke. She groaned and said, "please sir, can you fuck your caddy?"
With that I began to slide in and out, bringing my cock right to the edge of her pussy before pushing all the way in, my bollocks slapping against her clit. She continued to groan as I picked up the pace. The slaps of our bodies hitting echoed around the trees, my caddy's groans deepening, she was close to cumming, her pussy walls began to clamp down on my cock, squeezing me, creating resistance to each thrust and removal.
In the distance the sound of machinery could be heard, the green keepers were working, but that didn´t worry my wife or me. This was the most fun I had ever had on a golf course and I wasn´t going to let anyone stop us.
I grabbed my wife´s hips and began to thrust harder against her arse, my thumb tracing the outline of her pink rosebud, I was close to cumming but I had to make sure that she would orgasm before me, after all she had been such a good caddy.
I changed my pace and slowed down, pulling out slowly, her pussy lips stretched around my shaft, before I slowly slid all the back down to my balls, her excitement was building, and her juices were covering my cock. I reached under and pinched a nipple, setting off an orgasm that caused her to scream out, "ohhhhh yesssss, fuck your caddy".
I couldn´t hold it anymore and pulled out as I sent squirt after squirt of sticky cum across my wife´s arse and back, one squirt reaching her hair, it was without doubt one of the biggest loads I had ever shot.
It was one of the most satisfying rounds that I have ever played, and my wife seemed to enjoy it too!