Jessie
Rousing from her restful slumber, Jessie quietly slipped from her bed and tiptoed out of the room, closing the door behind her so that she didn't wake Dex up from his own much needed rest. Turning from her door, she saw that Donna's was open, and stepped in, not caring in the least that she was still naked from the night before. Her roommate was still sleeping, but John was up and sitting on a chair that she had in her room, looking at his phone.
He looked up as Jessie stepped in, and she smiled as he grinned and shook his head in amusement.
"You're naked," he whispered.
"Well, so are you!" she accused. "Jeez, I can see your dick and everything!" she joked, rolling her eyes and throwing up her hands dramatically.
He smiled, standing and gesturing for her to leave the room as he stood and put his phone on the desk, neither bothering to cover themselves. As he shut the door behind them quietly, he turned and took her hand, leading her to the bathroom.
"What are we doing?" she asked. "I've got to pee."
He smiled and shrugged. "Do what you gotta do," he said.
She sighed, rolling her eyes in playful protest as he stepped into the shower and started to wash. Jessie quickly went to the bathroom and finished as fast as she could manage, not wanting John to come over and start messing with her while she was occupied. It was still a little weird doing that in front of him, but if he didn't care and didn't tease her about it, she didn't really mind all that much.
She finished up and stepped in the shower with him, sliding under the water as he turned and opened his arms for her. Happily, she stepped in and hugged him good morning, looking up as he leaned down for a quick smooch and even kissed him back. It was nice and affectionate, and just what she needed to start her day.
"Wanna wash me?" she asked quietly.
He responded by reaching past her, grabbing the loofah and soaping it up, then proceeding to scrub her down with a wry smile on his face. Obviously enjoying what he was doing, she watched him for a few seconds, amused at how happy it seemed to make him. She sighed happily, closing her eyes and leaning on his chest as he scrubbed her back, enjoying the way he was doting on her.
"Want me to get your hair?" he asked quietly.
She nodded and felt him reach for her shampoo. He held it up, letting her approve what he was going to put in it, and then poured some onto her scalp. Placing the bottle back on the shelf, he rubbed the soap in vigorously, scrubbing her scalp and massaging it all at once. As he finished and dropped his hands to let the soap sit in her hair for a bit, she turned around for him, and swiftly felt his hands moving to start scrubbing again.
"You take a dump?" he asked.
"God, you're so gross," she said, not confirming whether she had or hadn't.
"I'm just making sure my roommate is clean," he protested quietly.
She giggled, then felt his hands begin to scrub all her soft parts down below. He wasn't being very soft with her, but then he wasn't really trying to be flirty. After a few seconds, he spun her around and washed her front, legs included.
Smiling, he stood and began to rinse her hair, running his fingers through it as she stood there, smiling and enjoying it. Hearing him open another bottle, she nodded as he held it up, then felt him pour a bit of her conditioner in.
"You look like you don't need to shave," he said, kneeling back down and looking close at her pubic region. She looked down past her breasts, pulling back on the top part of her pussy and then feeling with the other hand.
"Nah, not yet," she said.
He nodded, then stood, turning around and handing her his soap. She took it without complaint, pouring some into her hands and washing his back, then moving around to wash his armpits and torso. He stood there as she had, not flirting and just enjoying the attention. She got his shampoo and conditioner and poured some onto his head, soaping him up and scratching her fingers against his scalp.
After a few more minutes, the two rinsed off and got out, then went about drying each other off. As she stood up from drying his legs, she planted a single kiss on the head of his cock, then smiled as she stood.
"You're such fun in the mornings," he said. "Donna doesn't get that I like being that guy, you know?"
Jessie looked up at him, moving in close as he wrapped his arms around her and kissed her on the nose. "What guy is that?" she asked.
"You know, doting on someone you care about. Rub their feet, clip their toenails, wash their hair."
She smiled, nodding. "Donna's all about getting pounded into the sheets, honey," she said, smiling as he leaned down to kiss her again.
"Well, at least you let me take care of you like this."
She grinned, kissing him a final time and then walking out behind him. "Would you like some breakfast?" she asked, keeping her voice low so that the other two didn't wake up.
He nodded, then smiled and led her into the kitchen. Patting the counter, he nodded at her and she hopped up, grinning as he went about making something for them to eat.
"Now, you know how much I like doing things for others," she said.
"I know," he said. "I just wanted to be the one doing it today."
She grinned, forcing herself to relax as John went about pulling stuff out to make. It wasn't but a few minutes that went by before Donna stepped out of her room and walked nude into the kitchen to start a pot of coffee before heading to the bathroom without saying a word to either of them.
Jessie giggled, sensing that her friend wasn't quite awake and herself yet. After a few minutes, she came back into the kitchen and kissed Jessie a few times on the lips, then kissed John as he continued cooking. Turning, she moved back to Jessie and leaned into her chest, letting her stroke her pretty, dark-brown hair as she yawned and closed her eyes for a minute.
"Good night?" Jessie asked.
She nodded. "Lots of good sex dreams," she said.
John grinned, turning and winking at her.
"Oh, good grief, Donna. Not only are you two are constantly doing it, you're dreaming about it too?" Jessie asked. "I think you might have a sex addiction."
Donna grinned, and stood up to look at her mischievously, then pushed her back flat on the counter. Squealing in surprise, she felt her roommate bury her face between her legs, and playfully slapped at her to stop. She wasn't though, so Jessie laid back and lifted her legs as if she were laying on a hospital bed with her feet in the stirrup things, spread her legs wide, and let her best friend lick her pussy.
"Mmm, you showered today," Donna said. "I don't taste John's cum in you, so I guess you didn't take care of him?"
Jessie giggled, shaking her head as she looked down.
"That's against the rules, slut," John said over his shoulder.
Donna looked up and rolled her eyes, causing Jessie to snicker again. Her warm tongue slid slowly up Jessie's trough, pushing up hard against her folds and across her hood, then pushing it up and caressing the clit hiding underneath.
"Mmm," Jessie sighed, laying her head back as fingers of pleasure tickled their way through her body.
Running a finger gently down her slit, Donna turned it over, then slowly pushed it against Jessie's asshole until it popped just inside and elicited a whimper of pleasure from her.
"Fuck, you're delicious," Donna said, slurping rudely at Jessie's juicy little pussy.
Sliding it inside a bit, she quickly resumed licking, and rubbed her tongue up her slit and against her clit again, taking a moment to suck gently at it before starting the sequence over. Her finger slid in a bit, then back out, then in again as she licked, eliciting a stream of pleasurable sounds from Jessie as she lay there and accepted her fate.
"Mmm," said John, turning and leaning over as Jessie looked down. He momentarily took Donna's place, slurping at Jessie's pussy as the brunette had, then running his tongue against it a few times.
Donna continued to push her finger in and out of Jessie's ass, and took over slurping at her sopping pussy when John went back to fixing breakfast. Whimpering, she reached down and grabbed a handful of her best friend's hair as she looked up, devouring her pussy and forcing her orgasm inevitably closer.
Groaning, Donna smiled through her ravenous slurping and looked up again, reaching up and pulling hard at Jessie's breast, her finger sliding in her ass again and pushing her over the edge. Her orgasm was nice and strong, but gentle, caressing and washing over her like a wave as Donna slowed to just gently licking against her clit, her finger sliding out as she did so.
Soon, Jessie smiled, sitting up and leaning down to kiss her roommate, who went and washed her hand with a grin. Coming back a minute or so later, Donna kissed her again, but then got a curious look on her face.
"Aren't y'all heading to San Antonio?"
Jessie nodded. "I should wake up Dex. Erin and Alec will be here soon."
"Mmm, let me," Donna said, smiling widely.
Jessie giggled and watched as she walked to the bedroom door and opened it. Hopping off the counter, she moved over and started assisting John in finishing up breakfast. Before long, loud slurping sounds and audible groans of pleasure came wafting from the hallway, and the two chuckled and shook their heads.
*****
Dex
Warm lips encircled one of his testicles, a tongue joining it as a hand stroked his morning erection. Sucking hard, the mystery assailant moved over to the other testicle, rolling it around in her mouth before moving up and latching her lips onto the head of his cock, her hand stroking as she looked up at him, blearily opening his eyes and seeing her brunette locks bouncing up and down.
Groaning, he chuckled and watched as Donna tried to suck the soul from his body, loud slurping sounds filling the room. Her hand stroked her saliva as she drooled on him, sucking hard and sliding her lips part way down his shaft and back up, swiftly moving as if she were in a hurry.
"Jesus," he muttered, wiping the sleep from his eyes and focusing on her as she continued to stare, a curious smile on her face.
With the intensity of her masterful blowjob, he wasn't going to last long, and groaned as she suddenly deepthroated him, his back arching as she forced his cock into her throat, grunting and then coughing as she ripped him free of her.
"Fuck," he grunted, reaching down and grabbing her hair, her breath coming in ragged gasps until he forced her back down, her hands sliding out of the way as he forced his cock into her throat again. He lifted his hips, thrusting hard against her face as he held her there for a moment, then pulled free and let her get a single long breath before sliding in again.
Crying out in pleasure, he felt his orgasm reach its peak and crash over him. Going numb, he let go and felt his pulse pounding as pleasure exploded through him. She swallowed thickly, his cum filling her throat as she silently took everything he had, gulping again and again.
Again and again, he spasmed against her, weakly thrusting at her lips as she sucked and swallowed, not protesting and not stopping until he'd completely finished. Still she sucked, only extricating his cock from her body when she absolutely had to breathe.
Gasping in pleasure, he spasmed as her lips sucked the temporarily sensitive head, but he forced himself to take it as she started to stroke and suck again. Sighing happily, he watched as she continued to suck his cock as if it were her sole purpose in life.
After a few minutes, she had his cock completely clean, and lifted his leg, sucking gently at one testicle and then the other. Standing, she reached down and took his hand, helping him up and to the kitchen.
Turning a corner, he saw Jessie standing next to John, both as naked as he and Donna were.
"Morning baby!" Jessie said, coming up and kissing him excitedly. "Did Donna wake you up properly?"
He smiled, nodding. "It was a pretty incredible alarm to wake up to, that's for sure."
She giggled, nodding. "She came in here and did that to me too," she said, grinning. "Poor John hasn't had any action though."
Dexter chuckled, then laughed as Donna rolled her eyes and went over to her boyfriend and knelt. He chuckled but stood her back up and presented his breakfast options.
"Breakfast burritos," he said. "We got sausage, bacon, eggs, hot sauce, sour cream, and cheese."
"Damn," Dex said. "Okay, Chef John."
A nude breakfast followed, and Dex found that it felt surprisingly good to just sit around naked. Jessie kept rushing him though and made everyone go and get clothes on before Erin and Alec got there. After putting on the stuff he was wearing the night before, he said a quick goodbye and went home to get changed, letting Jessie know that he'd be right back. Once he got there, he got a message saying that they would just come and meet him there, so he quickly went upstairs and got changed. Popping in to tell his dad the plans for the day, he talked for a few minutes and then let him know that he'd probably see him in the morning.
After stopping for a bathroom break and to put on some fresh deodorant and brush his teeth, he went back downstairs and went outside as the other three pulled up. It was quickly decided that they would take Alec's truck, and the four piled in to start their day trip.
The trip down wasn't too bad, and the conversation was nice and normal. Erin and Jessie sat in the back, talking constantly, and Alec and Dex took the front, just listening to the other two. He and Alec had been lifting together for a few months and he knew a lot about his friend. They could probably have spent the entire trip in silence and would have been fine.
The four of them made good time and pulled in just when the line to get in was starting to form. After he and Alec grabbed the backpacks that Jessie and Erin had packed, they headed in and started to walk around. After a few minutes, Dex discovered that his girlfriend was a daredevil, and there wasn't a ride in the park that she wouldn't go on.
"Can we go on that one first?" she asked, pointing at one that looked like a pile of spaghetti.
"Oh... wow," Dex said. "I'm uh..."
"I don't think Dex cares for the scarier ones," Alec teased, getting a chuckle from him.
"Aww, I'm sorry babe," Jessie said. "Well, will someone else ride one with me?"
"Don't worry, Dex," Erin said, "I'm not too wild about those either."
He chuckled, then glanced at Alec, who smiled. "Shoot, I'm happy to go on whatever you like," he said, smiling.
She grinned happily and hugged him for a moment. "You can be my date for today!" she said, grinning as she came up with the idea.
Dex chuckled, smirking at her.
"That sounds fun," Erin said. "Can we trade boyfriends while we're in the park?"
Alec raised an eyebrow, then looked at Dex, who smirked again and rolled his eyes. He didn't have a problem with it since they were in a public amusement park with thousands of other people around. What could Jessie really get up to in there? Not to mention, he trusted both Alec and his girlfriend.
"That sounds fun to me," he said.
Jessie grinned happily and bounced briefly from one foot to the other, sending her boobs jiggling for a moment. Dex sighed and gave her a kiss as she hugged him.
"So, we split up and do our own thing and you and Jessie can go ride all the rides you want, then we meet back for lunch and check in?" Erin offered.
"Okay," Alec said, smiling and letting go of her hand as she kissed him.
Jessie grinned and kissed Dexter once more, pulling down to whisper, "I'll mostly behave myself. I promise!"
Dexter sighed, raising an eyebrow at her as she giggled and went and pulled the backpack off of Alec's back. Briefly switching a few things from one to the other, Dex saw that Jessie had packed his swim trunks, and watched as she switched them to Erin's bag.
"There, now we've got the right suits to go and fool around in the water park if we want," she said, popping it back on to Alec's back.
"Have fun," Dex said, getting another happy smile as the two charged off haphazardly into the park, making for the pile of spaghetti ride.
"That's trouble isn't it," he said.
"Probably," Erin replied. "But at least they'll be in public."
He chuckled. "So... what would you like to do first?" he asked.
She smiled. "Let's go ride one of the easier ones."
"Sounds great," he said.
The two started to lazily walk around the park and look around. Her hand brushed his at one point, and she snickered, seeing him look over at her. Sliding her fingers through his as she clasped his hand, she squeezed it for a moment. There was a giant open-air swing ride that she walked past and looked at him curiously.
"This is what I like to call a "hell no"," he said.
She giggled. "Just testing you."
He smiled as they kept walking past the ridiculous looking ride. "So, how are things with you and Alec?"
She smiled and shrugged. "We're fine. I'm happy to report that he hasn't given up his wish to have a threesome with me and your girlfriend."
Dexter chuckled. "Yeah, I know. He reminds me every time we go lift."
She rolled her eyes. "God," she said. "I get it, I guess. I like sex as much as anyone, but he's like a broken record about it."
Dex chuckled. "Well, you made it a possibility," he said. "You can't show him some ice cream, tell him that he's going to get to have a nice sundae, and then not let him it."
She smirked and glanced over. "That makes sense, but you realize that it's your ice cream that we're talking about."
"I'm not offering it! You and Jessie are the ones that said he could have a taste."
"Mmhmm," she said, snickering.
They were coming to the water park area and he turned to look. "Want to go in there?"
"Maybe when it gets warmer," she offered.
He nodded and they resumed walking.
"You know, you get something out of that proposed threesome," she said.
He smiled. "I know. That's the other thing he mentions when he asks about having one with her. The conversation is usually, "So, when you gonna let me have your girl. You know I'll let you have mine!" And then he smacks me on the back or tries to high-five me."
"And, what's your response?" she asked, looking up at him.
"I just laugh and shrug," he said.
"Not wanting to share her like that?" she asked.
"Well, she's given John head at least twice that I know of," he said. "She had sex with him that night that she had sex with my dad."
She looked at him curiously.
"Yes, I know that you saw things," he said, smiling.
She nodded. "She told me she was going to handle it. It was definitely surprising."
"I know. I'm not upset at you or anything. It's just... been a lot to handle. I have to say... and don't tell Alec about this because I'll never hear the end of it, but... I like thinking about her being such a dirty..."
"Slut," Erin prompted, drawing a smile and a nod in response.
"About her being such dirty slut that night," he agreed. "It's really a turn on."
She smiled. "Well, it was definitely interesting to see up close."
"Did it bother you?" he asked.
She shook her head. "No, not really. It wasn't like, violent or anything. I've seen other people have sex in front of me before, and being a massage therapist, you see some junk from time to time. It was just... incredibly surprising with who it was. It was hot as hell, mind you, but he looked... upset by the whole thing. She just looked like she was really enjoying it but was bewildered at the same time."
Dexter nodded, strangely feeling even better about the whole thing. Jessie's dream from the night before had worried him a bit.
She stopped at a drink stand and asked for a lemonade, and he pulled out his wallet to pay.
"I'll get it," she said.
"No," he told her. "My date for the day doesn't have to pay."
She smiled, reaching back for his hand and squeezing it. Taking a sip and handing it to him as they walked away, she looked up and asked, "So... you liked the idea of her being bad and cheating, or you liked the idea of sharing her."
He smirked. "I guess that's the question. I'm not sure. I think both maybe."
She smiled. "Well, now you're just being mean and not letting my boyfriend have his threesome so I can have you."
Pulling her hand, he spun her toward him and drew her close.
"You know you're worth waiting for," he said, winking.
She smiled widely, and an intimate moment passed between them. The air was electric as they stared quietly at each other.
"God, you're so fucking cute," she said, holding her hand up to his face and then turning and walking away.
"You and Jessie both say that like it's a bad thing," he said, laughing and catching up.
"So, what do you think my boyfriend and your girlfriend are doing right now?" she asked, holding his hand again.
"I dunno, anal?" he replied, causing her to cackle loudly for a second before covering her mouth.
"Not funny," she said, her eyes telling a different story.
"Then why'd you laugh?"
For a few hours, he and Erin rode several of the easier rides and went to a couple of the park shows, spending the rest of the time walking around and talking until lunch. She reached into the backpack and pulled out the phone, then fired of a text to Jessie's phone. The response was quick, and they decided to meet at a 50's type diner.
Dex wondered how much she'd behaved.
*****
Jessie
She was so proud of her boyfriend for switching for the day. She couldn't believe it when he'd agreed to it. Still, he didn't have anything to worry about. She was going to do her best to behave herself. She and Alec went on several rides together, but a little bit after the last one, he said he needed a break from all the excitement. She smiled, walking next to him as they left the pathway from the ride.
"Worn out a bit?" she asked, looking at him, mildly concerned.
"Nah, your tits were bouncing like crazy on those rides and it's giving me a heart attack," he said, grinning.
She giggled, rolling her eyes. "You've seen them before," she said.
"Look, just because you've seen them once, doesn't mean you don't want to see them again," he said, reaching over and pulling the shirt out at the bottom of the low cut neckline, drawing it out and peeking in, causing her to roll her eyes and giggle at him.
"What?" he said. "I'm your boyfriend for now, right?"
She giggled nodding. "Let's just keep this to looking though," she said, smiling.
"So... no fucking in the water park?" he asked.
She giggled. "Maybe after lunch," she said, rolling her eyes at him.
He smiled, and she could see that he'd been kidding. Still, he wasn't above getting numerous looks and glances at her cleavage, and in truth, she'd worn a shirt that showed it off nicely, so she could hardly begrudge him a look or even a grope now and then.
After he'd had a break, they went and rode a few more things, and he was mostly behaving himself. When they rode one ride, he surprisingly got a little bit braver. He'd been happily groping her and reaching over to pull her top out to look at her tits occasionally, sneaking a squeeze or a nipple tweak in at random. His hand moved to her inner thigh this time though, and she felt him pushing his fingers under the edge of her panties.
Giggling, she shook her finger at him, forcing her leg closed and pulling his hand away. Instead, she clasped it in her own and he chuckled, shrugging when she scowled playfully at him.
Around lunch time, she got the message on where to meet, and happily walked with her "boyfriend" to the spot. When she arrived, she ran up and hugged Dex, feeling like she hadn't seen him in too long. He chuckled, kissing her as he always did and catching her mid-jump as she leapt into his arms.
"Hey," Erin said, standing and wiggling a finger at her, "I thought we switched for today."
Jessie grinned and shrugged. "Sorry, he's just too handsome!"
The four got some lunch, talking about stuff they had done, taking their time and relaxing. It was nice, pleasant lunch, and they decided to stick together afterward for some group fun. Going on a few of the lazier rides, she noticed that Dex and Erin seemed to be comfortable with each other, and she smiled happily. They stuck together for the rest of the afternoon, and by dinner time, they were all worn out and done with the park.
"So, how about we go find us a room at the hotel and get some food in us?" Alec asked.
Dex looked a little surprised. "Oh, I didn't realize that we were staying overnight."
Alec shrugged. "I don't mind driving back if that's what we want to do."
Jessie shrugged. "I don't mind staying. Erin?" she asked, looking over.
The gorgeous blonde smiled and nodded. "We can head home in the morning. It wouldn't be a very fun end to our first dates with these guys if we spent half of it driving."
Dex smiled, winking at Jessie, and she smiled back.
The quartet left the park after that, and within an hour had found a room at a hotel that was relatively close by. Jessie said that her parents wouldn't care if she put it on their credit card, so she did. It was cheaper to get one room with two queen size beds, so that's what she chose, figuring it would be nice and cozy. While she and Erin were getting situated in the room, Dexter and Alec went and checked out the rest of the hotel, then came back and reported that there was a pool that they could go enjoy.
"Ooo!" Jessie said. "That will be fun! Do we go swimming now or after getting food?"
"This hombre is hungry," Alec said.
"Food," Dex agreed. "We can make it somewhere quick," he added, seeing Jessie's look of disappointment. She grinned.
The four went and found a burger place not far away, then sat down inside and ate.
"So, I know that we're supposed to be swapping our dates for the evening," Jessie said, "but how are we going to work the sleeping arrangements?"
Dex chuckled as he inhaled a bite of his food. "I think at bedtime, the date is supposed to end." He had ordered two burgers and had already wolfed one of them down.
She giggled, shrugging. "That's fine with me. I just didn't want to be the one to say no if y'all wanted to keep it going."
Alec chuckled. "It's probably safer for us to switch back at that point," he agreed.
Erin smiled, but Jessie could see that she was secretly a little bummed. She figured she could convince the two guys to play a little longer. After supper, the four went back to the hotel, and Jessie walked a little slower with Erin so she could talk with her.
"So how are you really enjoying my boyfriend?" she whispered. "Have you gotten to flirt any?"
Erin smiled and shrugged. "We held hands and walked around talking," she said, smiling.
"Aww, you guys just sound so cute," Jessie said.
"Did Alec behave himself?" Erin asked.
Jessie giggled. "He got a little handsy at times, and kept looking down my shirt, but I'm used to it."
Erin rolled her eyes. "God, I'm sorry. He's just... such a hornball."
Snickering, Jessie nodded in agreement and then stated, "So... you looked a little disappointed about the date ending," she pointed out.
Erin blushed, shrugging and walking quietly for a minute. "It's just been fun, I guess. It felt like we were on a real date, and those are always fun. I love Alec so much, but, it's fun to pretend and to get that feeling of dating a new person again, you know?"
Jessie nodded. "I get the same feeling from being flirty! That's why I do it so much."
Erin snickered. "But yes, I'd like for the date to continue. Maybe you and I can convince those two to not be such sticks in the mud?"
Jessie grinned. "I'm all for that!" she said, louder than she'd intended. The guys turned and looked at the two of them with raised eyebrows, then at each other.
"That's not good," Alec said, drawing laughter from the other three.
"What do you have in mind?" Erin asked, scooting close and leaning in to whisper.
Jessie grinned, her gears turning as she thought about how to proceed.
*****
Dexter
As they got into the room, the girls laughed again behind them. He knew his girlfriend was cooking something up, but he wondered if he really wanted to know what it was. He clicked the card into the slot and then opened the door. Going over and sitting down on the bed that Jessie had claimed for them, he relaxed and kicked his shoes off.
"Come on," Jessie said. "We're going swimming!"
He chuckled and nodded, groaning with effort as he stood back up and started to dig through the backpack for his swim trunks that she'd packed. As he stood back up, he saw Alec looking behind him with wide eyes and a smile. Glancing back, he sighed and shook his head in mock dismay.
Jessie had pulled her top and bra off and was sliding her shorts and panties down, but had forgotten to pop her shoes off, so she was trying to do that and not fall over.
Turning and chuckling, he figured that he'd better get used to the idea of Jessie misbehaving that evening, and quietly told himself that whatever Alec did to her, he was going to do to Erin. It came off sounding more threatening in his head, and he silently admonished himself.
As he looked at him, he saw Alec chuckling and shaking his head. He glanced back again and saw that his girlfriend had worked her shoes off and was just then kicking her shorts off. She stood up and saw the two watching her and grinned widely.
"You're ridiculous," he said, smiling.
She giggled, coming up to him and reaching down to start unbuttoning and unzipping his shorts. He sighed, trying to look a little disinterested in it all, but would have gladly taken a blowjob then and there. The day that he spent flirting with Erin had felt wonderful, and he was really turned on and even feeling a bit pent up, despite being orally drained from Donna's ridiculous blowjob that morning.
Jessie's nude form so close to him made him smile, and her penchant for leaning into people, even when nude, was causing him to grow stiffer. She had a way of standing way too close to people, and her perky, perfect tits would tend to brush across or even smash up against whoever she was standing next to.
"Where's my favorite toy?" she asked, smiling and reaching into his pants, her warm hand encircling his cock.
"Where it always is," he joked, looking at her.
She giggled, leaning up on her toes to steal a kiss and mouth, "I love you" at him.
He winked in response and pulled off his shirt as she pulled his shorts off. She forgot about shoes again, and quickly dropped to her knees to pull his off. As she worked, he grinned over at Alec and swayed forward, his semi-erect cock pushing against her forehead.
"Hey," she said, looking up and swatting it with a few fingers. "That comes later!"
Dexter grinned, watching as his cock swayed happily back and forth, then looked up and saw Erin standing behind Alec and to the left. Her boyfriend was still devouring Jessie's nude body and didn't try and hide his stares. Dex didn't blame him, and certainly didn't care. In fact, he appreciated that he was open and up front about his desire and wasn't trying to seduce Jessie behind his back.
He lifted his feet up one at a time so that his girlfriend could pull his shoes off, which she quickly followed with his shorts and underwear. Reaching up, she grabbed a hold of his cock and pulled herself up with it, making him raise an eyebrow as he looked down at her.
She giggled, then thwapped it again and turned, facing Alec.
Behind Alec, Erin was trying to make it look like she wasn't watching Dexter, but he could see her curious smile and the way her eyes lingered on his equipment. She looked up at one point, and he felt his cock stir and jump a bit as she flashed her gorgeous smile at him, then looked right back down at it.
Jessie seemed to want to push boundaries today and was standing a few feet in front of Alec as he watched.
"Well, are you going to get dressed or just stare at my tits all night?" she asked, cocking her hip and crossing her arms.
"I'm gonna stare at your tits," he said, grinning and winking at Dex.
She sighed exaggeratedly and stepped up, then dropped down to her knees again. Dexter's eyes widened for a moment, but then he chuckled when he saw that she'd remembered to take the shoes off first. Alec helpfully lifted his feet as Jessie untied his shoes and pulled them off, along with his socks. She stood, grinning and turned to smile at Dex, probably gauging his reaction. Apparently having decided, she turned back and quickly reached out to yank Alec's shorts down, managing to get his underwear with it.
She giggled, pushing them down to his knees and then standing up again. "Hurry up!" she said. "I've done all I'm going to do to help you get undressed."
"But I forgot how," he said, crossing his eyes.
She glanced back at him and laughed, rolling her eyes and going over to dig in the backpack for her suit. Pulling out a sexy looking pink bikini, she quickly slipped the bottoms on as Alec continued to watch. Turning to face him, she pulled the top on and then stood in front of Dex to let him tie it for her.
Looking back over at Erin, he'd intended to roll his eyes and nod at the other two, but Erin was just then pulling her bikini bottoms on. He smiled, seeing the finely trimmed triangle of pubic hair, and confirmed that she was a natural blonde. She smiled, blushing just a bit, and then pulled the matching top on. Her suit was a sinful red color, and Dex knew he would have had a hard time choosing his favorite.
Eventually, the four of them managed to get dressed enough to head down to swim in the hotel pool, and the four went down together.
As it had been all day, the conversation was light and kept away from sex for the most part, and Dexter was glad for that. There was already a sexually charged atmosphere around the four, and he was hoping to keep the other couple as friends. He certainly didn't want any hurt feelings between anyone.
As they stepped out of the elevator and followed the signs to the pool, he expected to hear the laughter of children, but it was silent. Leading the way, he went in and saw that it was empty.
"Yay!" Jessie said. "Now we don't have to worry about people seeing us."
Dexter chuckled, and was about to point out that you still couldn't get nude, but then Erin came up beside him. He could feel the heat of her presence drawing near without even seeing her. Her presence and cloying perfume tickled his senses in just the right way, making him shiver uncontrollably for a moment.
She giggled, standing next to him and looked up knowingly. "Cold?" she asked.
He smirked at her but didn't answer.
Jessie was already moving, tiptoeing toward the deep end and jumping in. She came up quickly and then laughed as Alec jumped in and splashed her.
Smiling at him, Erin took his hand and walked into the shallow end with him.
"Those two are like dogs," she said. "Running around and doing everything they can."
"So, we're like cats?" Dex asked.
She shrugged. "Nah, I think we're just normal."
He smiled and nodded, diving under for a moment and then resurfacing. Behind him, Erin swam close again, and he could feel her hovering a few inches behind him. He reached back, feeling the soft skin of her waist and forced himself to keep looking forward. Her hands came around his torso though and squeezed her tightly to him.
"Chicken fight?" Jessie asked, looking over as she swam in the deep end.
Dex smiled, nodding. He was about to swim over and put her on his shoulders, when Erin patted his and pushed, indicating that she was his partner.
"Oh, you guys are toast," Alec said, diving under and coming up with Jessie on his shoulders.
Dexter chuckled and looked back at Erin. "Ready?" he asked.
She nodded, and he quickly went under, helping her get her legs up on his shoulders and then sliding up. Her arms wrapped around his head and he latched his around her legs as the other pair got into range.
He was keenly aware of Erin's soft nether regions pushing into the back of his neck. Quietly admonishing himself to focus, he pushed the idea of her soft pussy gently rubbing and down on the back of his neck from his mind. At least he tried to. Every few seconds she was shuffling and moving around, trying to get situated.
"You guys ready?" Alec asked, drawing Dex's gaze over to the other two again. He saw his girlfriend smiling, sitting atop his friend's shoulders and grinned.
"Good to go," Dex announced, drawing a cheer from his jouster.
Moving close, he felt Erin lean forward and grab onto Jessie's hands, then felt the two pulling and pushing at each other, laughter and yells of happiness filling the pool area.
With a cry of surprise, he felt Erin toppling backward and cried out in mock irritation as they fell over.
"Champions!" Alec yelled, cheering as he and Jessie stayed upright.
Dex laughed, shaking his head and throwing water from it as he came up. Erin came up behind him and latched onto his back, as if she were a kid clinging on to a parent.
"Ugh, you loser," he said, chuckling as she smacked him in the chest, her arms up over his shoulders.
"She's crafty," she protested.
As they were speaking, Alec dipped low in the water and let Jessie off. She promptly splashed him, and the two moved off and started horsing around. Quietly, Dex and Erin floated near each other, laughing at the antics of the other two and talking quietly. After a few minutes, Alec got out to go find a bathroom, and Jessie discovered that there was a hot tub. As Alec reappeared a minute later, she was slipping into the warm water.
"Ooo, nice," he said, smiling and going over. Pausing to turn on the jets, he hopped in and joined her.
Dex chuckled, looking over at Erin. "Think it's safe to let those two be alone?" he asked.
She giggled, shrugging. "Probably not. But then if we didn't, I wouldn't get to flirt with you."
He smiled, then was surprised to see her come up close to him. Smiling at him mischievously, she looked over to where she could hear the other two laughing and then turned back to him.
"Did you like seeing me naked?" she asked.
He smiled, nodding. "Hell, yes I did. I think a blind man would have seen how sexy you were."
She grinned and shocked him with a sudden lunge forward that ended with a warm kiss, her soft lips pushing against his. She backed off quickly though, blushing and saying, "Sorry. I couldn't help it."
Dex grinned, and pulled her back into him, causing her to whimper in surprise as he kissed her again. Her hand pulled at his shoulder and he placed his on the small of her back. Her breasts pushed against his chest, drawing his attention to the gently protruding nipples that were softly poking into his chest.
"God, you're so sexy," she whispered.
He smiled, shaking his head at her. "I was actually thinking the same thing about you," he said.
She glanced over to make sure they weren't being spied on, and turned back, her hand moving down as she bit her bottom lip mischievously and gripped the thick shaft of his substantial erection.
"This thing is going to get me in trouble," she said, releasing it after squeezing for a few seconds.
"You and me both," he said, sighing.
"Quit suckin' face and get over here," Alec yelled, looking over at them as he stood up at the hot tub.
"Yeah yeah," Erin yelled. "Shut your dick holster!"
"Ha!" he yelled, laughing at her.
Dexter grinned, then watched as she started away, her cute little ass bobbing up out of the water. She glanced back and grinned, seeing what he was looking at. Reaching the edge just behind her, he helpfully assisted getting her out of the pool by pushing on her butt.
Giggling, she looked back and shook her head. "Thanks, babe."
He smiled, then slid easily from the pool and went over to where Jessie and Alec were sitting in the warm water of the hot tub.
"Hi baby!" she said as he came over. "Were you and Erin making out?" she asked.
"Totally," he deadpanned.
"Of course not," Erin said. "He was just whispering naughty secrets in my ear."
Alec and Jessie both laughed and scooted closer as he and Erin joined them.
"Damn this is nice," he said.
Dex had to agree. The warm water soothed his aching feet. He let them float up and felt some soft hands on them, looking up and seeing his girlfriend rubbing them for him. He smiled and blew her a kiss.
An uncharacteristic silence descended on the girls, and since he and Alec weren't really all that talkative, the room fell quiet save for the gentle bubbling noises of the hot tub and the occasional groan or sigh of pleasure from one of them.
Eventually, Jessie was the one to break the silence.
"So, I was thinking," she said, drawing the gazes of the others, "how do you guys feel about being a little adventurous tonight?"
Alec smiled, looking over at Erin.
"What did you have in mind?" Dexter asked, more curious than concerned.
"Well, Erin and I were wanting the fun date day to continue," she said. "We've been enjoying our time with our fake boyfriends and we want to see if you guys would be okay sleeping with us."
Dexter's eyes went wide, and he looked over at Alec, who clearly hadn't been thinking that.
"Wait... what?" he asked.
"No, wait... that came out wrong!" Jessie said.
"Yeah," Erin said, giggling. "She means sleep. Sleep next to your date."
"Oh, haha," Dexter said, breathing easier. "I was wondering when we'd made that leap."
Jessie was blushing, shaking her head. "No, no, no, I didn't mean it like sex."
He laughed. "Well, still... this is just a little bit strange; don't you think?"
She shrugged. "We'd have to make a promise that there won't be anything going on that the other couple doesn't approve of."
Dexter could see this going wrong so easily, but the prospect of spending a night curled up next to the delectable and extremely alluring Erin was too much to turn down. Still, he wasn't going to make it easy on her.
"Honestly, I just kind of wanted to see if the four of us could fool around a bit," Alec said. "I sleep like a fuckin' rock, so the actual sleeping part is arbitrary to me. You can roll my ass on the floor and I won't know until the morning."
"He's not lying," Erin said, casting a strange glance at Dex.
"What I mean though, is that I'd like to see if you guys want to do a soft swing."
"Like married people swinging?" Jessie asked, scrunching up her face.
"Well, now you're just thinking about old, naked people," he said. "What I mean is that we have sex with our real partners, in the same room as the other couple. That way we're still putting ourselves out there and no one's feelings are getting hurt over broken rules."
Dexter kind of felt that the last statement was a jab at him, but he saw Alec looking at Erin when he said it, and then saw a look of mild irritation on her face.
"Well, I'll never say no to having sex with my sexy Dexy," Jessie said, smiling.
"What do you say?" Alec said, smiling at his girlfriend.
She'd apparently gotten over whatever he'd said that gotten to her, and she smiled, nodding. "Maybe Jessie and I can get a little cozy too?" she ventured.
He nodded emphatically, adding, "Hell yes to that! I mean... as long as Dex is good with it."
Dex smiled, looking from Alec, to Jessie, to Erin. "I'm okay with it," he said. "We'll see how we feel afterward about the sleeping arrangements."
The group, clearly excited about the prospective fun that was in store, spent about five seconds grinning in anticipation at each other, and then hopped out of the water and hurried to go back upstairs.
Smiling excitedly, Jessie leaned into him as they rode the elevator, pulling him down for a kiss and whispering a thank you to him. He winked and kissed the tip of her nose, eliciting an adorable giggle.
Inside the room, she immediately shucked her wet bathing suit and held her hand out for the others, pausing to go into the bathroom and hang them up. Dex went and sat on he and Jessie's bed, waiting naked along with the other two for her to finish what she was doing.
As she came back into the room, the other three looked at her, almost as if they were all looking to her for guidance. She giggled, going over and hopping up next to Dex and leaning in to kiss him. She turned over to look at the other couple after and they all laughed nervously.
"So, are we all doing this at once, or do Jessie and I start things off?" Erin asked.
"Well, how about the boys take those chairs, and you and I get comfy," Jessie replied, nodding at a pair of chairs next to a table near the window.
Erin grinned, nodding at her as Dex and Alec both got up and went to sit down.
Turning to watch, Dexter smiled as Jessie reached for Erin's hand and pulled her down to the bed with her, causing the gorgeous blonde to giggle nervously.
Dexter was excited to see his girlfriend with another woman, of course, but it wasn't something that he hadn't seen before. Donna took practically every excuse she could to go down on his girlfriend, or to make her do the same, and it was often that Dex found them in such a state when he dropped by.
Still, this was Erin he was watching as well. It was the same woman that had nervously shaved his pubic region at his girlfriend's behest, and the same that had been so incredibly cute and sexy in her underwear during their midnight skinny dipping. She was so... ridiculously cute that he had a hard time believing that she was naked in the room with him.
He glanced over at Alec and caught a nod and grin from his friend, then the two focused back on the scene taking place in front of them. Jessie and Erin were sitting on the bed together, caressing arms and moving in close, their naked bodies sliding softly together.
"Goddamn this is gonna be good," Alec said, smiling widely.
Dexter had to agree.
*****
Jessie
As she jumped into the pool, Alec joined her, and she felt him swim up behind her and pinch her butt. She giggled, coming up and splashing him. For the next few minutes, he was grabbing and groping her under the water, pulling at her bikini bottoms and trying to take her top off. She was amazed that Dex didn't see and call him out on it, so she figured that he was fine with what was going on.
After the game they played, she and Alec horsed around a bit more. He was getting more and more handsy and quite frankly it was turning her on enough to make questionable decisions. She figured that she should slow down a bit and hopped out when he said that he had to go and pee.
Seeing the hot tub, she immediately went and hopped in. True to his nature, he slid down beside her and immediately tried to kiss her. She giggled, letting him have a second or two of groping her breasts and haphazardly kissing her before she slid away, holding a hand up.
"We need to calm down and pace ourselves," she said.
He smiled, nodding and holding up his hands. "I'll behave if you want me to," he said.
She giggled. "Well, no, I don't want you to, but you definitely need to."
He laughed and relaxed, and she let her hand wander over a little too far in his direction. Accidentally bumping against his erection, she giggled and took a hold of it.
He smiled, glancing over at her with one eye open. "You're not pacing yourself," he pointed out.
"Well, how's a girl supposed to ignore that?" she asked.
He grinned, then leaned over and lifted one of the panels covering her breast off. Smiling, she watched as he leaned over and kissed the edge of it, then worked over bit by bit until his warm mouth was sucking on her nipple. Grinning, she gripped his cock hard, eliciting a groan and an eyebrow raise from him.
"Behave, dammit," she said, trying to control her desires.
Chuckling, he nodded and sighed as she let go of his shaft, the two sliding apart a tiny bit. She even managed to get him to behave all the way up to the room.
Erin looked nervous, and Jessie could understand why. From her own admission, she'd never been with another woman. Plus, it wasn't like Jessie was an expert at it. She was more experienced than the blonde though, and she knew that her friend was looking to her for support.
Smiling, she pulled her onto the bed and kissed her quickly before she lost her nerve and called it off. The blonde's lips were nice and soft, and Jessie slowly caressed her skin with a few fingers as they quietly made out.
Glancing behind the blonde, she saw the two yummy looking cocks standing up and quietly wished she could have one in her mouth at that moment. Dexter's looked as impressive as ever, but Alec certainly didn't have anything to be shy about. He was average, to be sure, but he looked nice and thick as well. She hoped that she could get flirty with it sometime.
Erin glanced back at what she was looking at and giggled, putting a hand up and drawing her face back to her. "Focus," she said. "Dick later."
Jessie giggled, lowering her face and sucking Erin's nipple into her mouth.
Alec groaned at the sight, and the two girls laughed.
Moving upward, Erin laid back against the pillows as Jessie moved slowly across her torso, kissing, nibbling, licking, and sucking as she went. The taut, tanned skin had thousands of tiny hairs standing on end as Jessie kissed down to her stomach. A nervous giggle escaped from Erin's lips, and Jessie smiled up at her, moving down lower and getting situated between her friend's legs.
"You boys ready?" Jessie asked, looking over. "You can come closer and watch."
They were both immediately up and moving over to the bed, causing Erin and Jessie to both laugh.
Deciding to waste no more time, Jessie winked as she looked up Erin and then lowered her lips to kiss the very top part of her pussy.
"Oh... boy," Erin said, smiling and grinning.
Jessie giggled, kissing lower, moving to the sides and then even lower, then working her way back up. Finally, she stuck her tongue out playfully as Erin looked down, watching nervously. She took one long stroke up her slit, pushing gently into the trough and pushing against the delicate hood hiding her clit, causing Erin to groan and arch her back, her eyes closing as she briefly shivered from the excitement and pleasure.
"I think she likes it," Dex said, his hand on Jessie's hip as he sat behind her watching.
Jessie giggled, then ran her tongue up Erin's trough again, sliding it hard against the clitoral mound and then moving it back down before driving it up against it again.
Whimpers came from the beautiful blonde, and Jessie reached up to caress and pull at her nipples. Quickly falling into a rhythm, she licked slowly but hard and rhythmically against Erin's clit, sensing that that was where the young woman enjoyed it the most.
"God, that's so good," Erin whimpered, looking down and watching in fascination as Jessie licked and sucked. "You're so good at that."
Jessie grinned, pausing to say, "Well, I always prefer sucking cock, but licking pussy is a close second." As she finished, she changed tactics to a quick but forceful flick of the brunt of her tongue against Erin's clit, eliciting an immediate twitch and desperate whimper.
"Yes," she whispered. "God... don't stop."
Happily, Jessie did as she was told and kept licking, forcing Erin closer to her first female given orgasm. Whimpering, the blonde looked down at Jessie again, a look of desperate pleading on her face and nodding down between her moans and gasps of pleasure.
"Oh God," she finally cried, her orgasm hitting her and causing her to gasp in quick breaths, punctuated at the end with a whimper of pleasure. Finally, she groaned low and loud, crying out and saying, "Oh... fuck... yeah...," and undulating her hips up and down against Jessie's face.
Whimpering and groaning, she nodded, surrendering completely and going limp, Jessie slowing and watching as her friend came. Glancing at Alec, she saw how hard his cock was and then looked back, seeing the same for Dex. She grinned, seeing Alec pull Erin into his arms and cradle her at the head of the bed.
Grinning, Jessie slid up and kissed Dex, causing him to chuckle and wipe his face as she made him taste Erin's pussy.
"So, what did you think?" she asked, turning as Dex pulled her into his arms.
Erin grinned, blearily looking over and shivering from an aftershock. "So good," she said, smiling.
Snickering, Jessie turned and kissed Dex again. "I think we should give them a show now. I don't think she'll be ready to play for a bit.
Dex chuckled, then nodded.
To her surprise though, Erin seemed to recover quickly than it looked like she would, and she and Alec were playfully stroking and caressing each other as they stared at Jessie and Dexter.
"So, are you going to watch us?" Jessie asked, moving to kiss the head of Dexter's cock before looking back at the two.
Alec nodded, followed by an only slightly delayed reaction from his girlfriend.
"Well, it's your show, sexy people, so you tell me where you want me," Jessie told them.
"Ooo," Erin said. "I like it."
Dexter chuckled, obviously more than happy to play their game.
"Here," the blonde said. "Take our place."
She and Alec moved down to the foot of the bed, and she told Dexter to lay on his back, his head up at the pillows.
"Mmm, sixty-nine?" Jessie asked.
Erin grinned, nodding.
Quickly sliding into place, Jessie took Dexter's wonderful cock into her mouth as their two friends watched her work, Dexter's arms wrapping around her thighs as his persuasive tongue plunged into her pussy.
Moaning around his thick shaft, she slid her lips down as far as she could, then moaned as she felt his hand on the back of her head. Whimpering, she felt him push hard, driving the head of his cock into her throat and eliciting a groan of pleasure.
"Jesus," Alec grunted. "How?"
"Fuck," Erin said, moving a little closer.
She grinned, drawing a wink from Jessie as she opened her eyes and slid his cock out only to take a breath and repeat the move.
"Mmmm..." Dexter groaned; his voice muffled by the pussy wrapped around his tongue.
She whimpered, feeling him increase his efforts, and feeling her orgasm growing closer.
"Fuck him," Erin said quietly, moving a little closer.
Dex groaned as Jessie moved off him and turned around. She giggled, seeing the look of mild irritation on his face that turned to pleasure when she slid her tight, wet, little pussy down on his shaft.
"Damn," Alec said. "Look how much it stretches," he said.
"Fuck," Erin replied.
She grinned, loving that they were enjoying seeing her fuck Dexter so much.
Sliding up and down, building up a rhythm, she forced the other two out of her mind and looked down, smiling and looking at her boyfriend as she fucked him. His cock was a spear of pleasure, impaling her cunt and driving ecstasy throughout her body. She groaned, feeling her orgasm getting closer, then heard more from the other two talking about how sexy she looked.
"Mmm, you hear how much they like watching us, baby?" she asked, smiling down at him.
He grinned, nodding and watching her, his hands mauling her breasts.
"I was a good girl today, wasn't I," she said.
He nodded again. "Very good," he said. "Did you want to be naughty?"
She smiled, nodding. "I did baby. I wanted to flirt with Alec more than I was able to."
Dexter grunted in pleasure, smiling at her.
"Oh... fuck... baby..." she whimpered. "You're going to make me cum. Yes... yes..."
Crashing down on her, waves of pleasure ripped through her as her pussy rippled up and down his cock, causing her to cry out in pleasure and gasp for breath. "Fuck... yes... yes..." she whispered.
Collapsing down on him, she weakly rode out the powerful orgasm, letting Dex take over and slowly fuck her. Eventually, she felt him grow still and pushed herself up, kissing him.
"Didn't cum?" she asked quietly. He shook his head.
"It's a little weird with an audience," he told her. She smiled, winking.
"I'm happy to suck your cock," she whispered.
He smiled. "Honestly, it feels like I could go for another hour. I'm excited as hell but the orgasm just isn't building."
She suddenly remembered that they had an audience, and she looked back, seeing Erin laying on her back at the foot of the bed, Alec on top of her, thrusting away. Both looked like they couldn't stand it anymore and had finally succumbed to their sexual desires.
Erin's whimpers were quiet, as if she didn't want to disturb Jessie and Dex. Smiling, Jessie gestured for Dex to look, and the two watched as their friends made love.
After Alec grunted and obviously had an orgasm, he got up and to Jessie's surprise, pulled off a condom. She hadn't even seen him put it on, but then again, had been pretty occupied herself.
"I didn't know you guys used condoms," Jessie said, smiling and leaning over to kiss Erin on the cheek.
Erin smiled, nodding. "Better safe than sorry," she said with a shrug.
Jessie grinned, nodding. "So, what did you think?"
Erin smiled as the two guys laid down beside her and Jessie. "God, it was fun," she said. "I'm glad we stayed."
Dex smiled, nodding. "Me too."
"Me too," agreed Alec. "It's been a long day though, and I'm fuckin' beat. Y'all decide on the sleeping stuff," he said, looking like he was heading for dreamland laying there at the foot of the bed.
Jessie giggled. "Well, put some clothes on before you go to sleep."
He grumbled something and slid off the bed, halfheartedly pulling on his boxers and moving to climb into the other bed.
Erin stood, then headed to the bathroom and turned on the shower. Turning to Dex, Jessie moved over and kissed him.
"So, would you like to sleep next to Erin?" she asked. "I want you to be able to trust me to behave myself in questionable situations."
He smiled, nodding at her. "I trust you babe."
She sighed. "I know you say that, but the first time I was really tested, I failed. I mean, it was a unique situation with... you know who," she said, thinking it a good idea not to tell Alec that she'd fucked Dexter's dad, "but still, I feel like I should have stopped it."
"Babe," he started to say.
She stopped him though, smiling. "I know you trust me, and you've forgiven me. I just... I want to show you that we can be flirty and fun and push the envelope without going beyond. You know?"
Dexter smiled. "I love you, Jessica," he said, pulling her down for a kiss.
She grinned. "I love you, Dexter," she parroted.
"If you trust the situation enough and aren't worried about him trying to take advantage of it, I should be okay."
She smiled, kissing him happily. "In all honesty, we're all so tired I bet that we just crash," she said.
He smiled, nodding. "I know we will," he said.
As if to prove her point, she yawned and shook her head. "I know I'm gonna just zonk out," she sighed. "Night honey," she said, kissing him. "I love you, and I hope you know that you can trust me."
He smiled, nodding. "I promise baby, I do."
Jessie smiled, kissing him another half a dozen times for good measure, and then turning out the lights on the other side of the room before slipping on her bra and panties and crawling into bed. Beside her, Alec was snoring softly. Figuring that she should test his claim that he slept like a rock, she elbowed him in the ribs and didn't get so much as a fluttered eyelid.
Giggling, she turned over and watched as her boyfriend stood, padding silently to the bathroom. She heard him peeing and then flushing the toilet.
He came back over to her and kneeled. "I never stopped trusting you, babe," he whispered. "And I never will."
She felt her heart leap up into her throat, and she pulled him down for a kiss, whispering an "I love you" to him before watching him crawl into bed.
Smiling happily, she closed her eyes and drifted off to sleep.
**
The next morning, she yawned, stretching and looking around as light poured in through the window. Grumbling, she slid out of bed and glanced at her boyfriend and their friends, seeing that they were still asleep.
Alec was practically still in the same position that he fell asleep in, and she giggled as she pulled the curtain closed. Erin and Dexter were snuggled up to each other adorably, her boyfriend's arm over her, and her nose nuzzling his chest.
"So cute," she whispered, blowing a kiss to him. She smiled to herself, realizing then that she'd done it. She'd spent the night in the bed of another man and hadn't acted on her baser urges. Sure, they'd both been comatose, but it was a win and she was going to count it.
Smiling, she went to the bathroom and started to get ready to head home, wondering if Erin had been successful with her plan.
*****
Dexter
the previous night...
As he lay there in bed, Dex looked over several times and wondered if Jessie was really going to behave herself. He was a relatively deep sleeper, but he figured that it wasn't so deep that he wouldn't hear someone doing... something in the same room he was in.
He shook his head, forcing the thoughts from his head and focusing on the fun day that he'd had with his girlfriend and some good people. The park had been fun, Erin had been awesome to hang with, and they'd just had sex in the same room as another couple. Again, he was forced to realize what a lucky guy he was.
Listening to Erin in the shower, he closed his eyes, picturing her nude form with water running down it in rivulets. Sighing, he shook the scandalous thoughts from his head and fought to stay awake, at least so that he could say good night to her.
A few minutes passed, and finally the water was turned off. It was another ten minutes before she emerged, turning out the light and then coming around to her side of the bed. Smiling, she grinned at him as she saw Jessie asleep in bed next to Alec.
"Again, I gotta ask, are we sure that's a good idea?" she whispered.
He chuckled, shrugging. "They've been pretty good so far."
She smiled, nodding. "They have," she agreed.
She stared at him curiously for a minute, then reached up and untucked the towel from between her breasts, letting it drop and smiling as he looked up and admired her nudity. Winking, she reached over and turned out the light, plunging the room into darkness. His eyes hadn't adjusted when she pulled the cover back and slid in. Her butt was certainly a wake-up call when he felt her scoot it against him.
"Ugh, you're actually wearing boxers?" she asked. "I think of the four of us, we're much more careful and trustworthy than they are."
He chuckled. "I just don't want to poke you in the eye in the morning," he said, drawing a quiet laugh.
"Come on," she said. "Just slip them off for a while. I've been wanting to feel your warm skin on mine. I promise, we'll be good."
He smiled in the darkness, then began to fumble around and managed to pull his underwear off.
"Mmm, now warm up my butt and feet," she said, giggling quietly.
He sighed, smirking in the blackness as the rhythmic breathing of their roommates reached their ears in the stillness. He was surprised to feel her reach back and pull his arm over her. Taking that as an invitation, he pulled her tight up against him, his cock sliding nicely down her butt crack.
"Just be careful," she whispered, "if I wake up with that in my ass, there's going to be some tough questions," she said, giggling quietly again.
He snickered, pulling her tighter and trying not to thrust against her.
"You feel pretty incredible," he whispered.
"Yeah?" she asked. "What do you like about how I feel?"
He sighed, smiling. "How much time do I have?" he asked. "I like this curve of your hips," he said, running a finger down her side and the womanly arch. "I really like how soft your skin is, and how it always smells incredible."
"Always smells?" she whispered.
"Yeah," he admitted. "It's intoxicating. It's hard not to notice."
She snickered. "That might be the sexiest thing I've ever heard."
He chuckled. Drawing her closer and gently squeezing. "Goddamn you feel incredible," he said, breaking a few moments of comfortable silence.
"You're what feels incredible," she whispered.
He sighed happily, fighting the very real urge to kiss her neck, turn her over, and take her then and there.
"Dex," she whispered.
"Hmm?" he replied.
"Thanks for being mine today," she said.
He smiled, relaxing and nuzzling the back of her neck a bit before sleep slowly crept up on him.
**
Several hours later, he awoke and got up quietly to go to the bathroom. Sitting down in a decidedly unmanly fashion so that he wouldn't make as much noise, he relieved himself and then closed the door, sliding back into bed after casting a glance over at the other side of the room at Jessie and Alec. They looked like they were in the same positions that they'd been in before.
Re-fluffing his pillow, he lay his head down on it and let sleep take him again. As he snoozed, he was surprised to feel Erin turn over, pulling herself tight up against him. Feeling her soft skin against his was incredibly exciting, and she must have sensed what she was doing to him. Whimpering, she reached up and pulled his face down, kissing him softly.
Below the covers, her soft, warm hand slid down the flat of his stomach and gripped the thick girth of his cock as he grunted softly and felt an erection coming on quickly. Moving up, she kissed him on the lips, whimpering as quietly as she could, one hand clutching at him as if he were going to go away.
She apparently slid off the bed, and he wondered for a moment what she was going to do, until he felt the sheet move and then her warm lips sliding over the head of his cock.
"Fuck,"he thought, shaking his head.
Erin's mouth was incredible, sliding down his shaft and sucking as hard as she could, her tongue seemingly painting every inch that it could with a loving coat of saliva and drool.
Wiggling her face back and forth, he felt her grip both of his ass cheeks and pull, wriggling again and again as she tried to take him deep. Coming up for air, she immediately moved back into the position that she'd been in, only this time she pulled him hard against her, her hand reaching down and pulling him between her legs.
He groaned, his head swimming and part of him wondering if it was a pleasant dream that he was having, the other part screaming at him to get on with fucking her. She lifted her leg and kept pulling at him as she kissed his neck. His mushroom head was just at her entrance and he couldn't help but acquiesce, rolling over and sliding on top of her as he kissed her on the lips, her tongue almost desperate to be in his mouth.
Her hand reached down and found his arm, pulling it up and placing it on her bare breasts, enticing him to grope and fondle her. Her arms moved, sliding around his waist as she quietly but forcefully pulled at him. It was too much, and he finally thrust, pushing the head of his cock against her slit, sliding it excruciatingly up the front. He'd missed, but the head of his cock slid nearly inside and then up across her clit, forcing him to retract and then pull back a little more before thrusting again and finally sliding deep inside of her.
A quiet whimper came from her, and she pulled him tightly up against her and groaned, clutching at him as he slid completely in. Her pussy was sopping, and she was incredibly tight. He couldn't believe how amazing she felt. The full length of his shaft was encased in her tight, wet flesh, and the two lay there in silence, desperately wanting to continue but both knowing how inappropriate they were being. As he stared at her face, trying to force himself to roll off her, he saw the arousal and desire in her eyes and thrust the slightest bit, causing her to whimper in pleasure. Resorting to kissing him, she nodded, pulling at him to keep him fucking her.
As quietly and as softly as he could, he slowly slid his cock into her, his hands mauling her soft breasts as he did so. As he reached the limit, he retracted, forcing himself to go slowly, silently, and trying not to make a sound.
The dim light of the room was just enough to see, and he broke the kiss, feeling her desperate pulls getting more frantic. Staring down, he watched as she started to cum, her eyes never leaving his as her entire pussy shuddered on his cock. She whimpered, shivering violently, her legs quivering as he watched, his cock completely buried in her and holding steady. He couldn't believe how quickly she'd gotten there, and how intense her orgasm looked. Clutching desperately at him, he felt the pulsing wave of contractions rippling up and down her tight, wet little pussy. Her flesh squeezed his cock, as if it were trying to draw him in deeper inside and keep him there.
Soon, her breathing and desperate clutching and kissing at him slowed. Finally, she reached up and pulled the back of his head down for a kiss, the other hand pulling at his back and sliding his cock all the way in.
Movement on the other side of the room caught his attention, and he silently mouthed, "Shit," at her.
Her eyes went wide, and she looked over, seeing Alec sit up and scratch his head.
Dex silently slid to the side as she faced away from him, the two moving quietly apart. Alec stumbled groggily past the bed and went to piss. She briefly turned her head and kissed him, then scooted back up against him, nestling his shaft in her butt crack again.
Both froze as the toilet flushed and the bathroom door opened. Alec made his way over to Erin, leaning over and kissing her on the forehead. He paused there for a second, then turned stumbling over to the other bed and sliding back in.
For a long time, Dex didn't move, and was surprised to see that Erin had fallen asleep. Sighing and quietly realizing that he was the one that wasn't to be trusted, he fell asleep.
**
The next morning, he turned over and looked around. Curiously, he looked down and saw that he still had on his boxers.
"Did I fucking dream that?"he wondered.
He looked down, under the cover, and saw that Erin was topless but wearing her panties. He sighed, quietly whispering a thank you and relaxed, listening to the sound of the shower. For a few minutes, he lay there, listening to the sound of someone washing off, wondering how exactly he could have dreamed something so real. The water stopped, and he heard someone hop out and start to towel off. The door opened and Jessie stepped out, smiling as he looked over at her.
"Good morning!" she said, smiling happily.
He chuckled, seeing that his bubbly morning girlfriend had woken up the other two.
"Ugh," Alec said. "She's like this in the morning too?" he asked.
Dex grinned, sitting up and looking over at Erin. She smiled, then slid from bed and went over to climb in with her true boyfriend and snuggled up to him, pulling him down to the bed with her and talking quietly.
He realized then that it had to be a dream. There was no way that she would have allowed something like that to happen. She was too sweet and caring. Breathing another sigh of relief as Jessie sat down next to him, he reached up and pulled her back to kiss him. With a cry of surprise and a giggle, Jessie turned and kissed him.
"I think we both did it, babe," she said. "We both behaved ourselves."
He smiled, nodding. "I had a dream I'll have to tell you about sometime, but you're right, we did."
She grinned, kissing him again. The other couple was still talking quietly as Jessie and Dex kissed for a few moments, then Alec stood up, kissed Erin and told her he loved her, then headed to take a shower. Jessie grinned and kissed him a final time before jumping up and getting dressed.
Dex started to do the same, standing and electing not to take a shower until they got home. Jessie pulled on her shoes as he languished a bit, finally heading over and pulling his shorts up. A little later, the four of them gathered all their stuff and had breakfast in the hotel before all climbing into the truck and heading home.
Stopping for gas, Alec hopped out and started to fill up, Jessie sneaking over and popping her dad's credit card in before Alec could protest. She giggled, then opened his door and said that she was going to run inside to go to the bathroom and asked if anyone needed anything.
Smiling, Dex shook his head, as did Erin, sitting in the back seat. Watching as Jessie went inside, he turned and smiled at Erin, who looked up and grinned at him.
"I really liked being able to sleep next to you last night," he said.
She smiled, nodding. "It's funny, I had a pretty kinky dream last night," she said, smiling provocatively at him.
He froze, his eyes going wide as she spoke. "You... had a dream?"
She nodded. "I heard you telling Jessie about one that you had."
He didn't follow, and confusion showed on his face.
The door opened and Alec went popped his head in. "Going in for a drink. You need anything babe?"
She nodded, "Get me a drink," she said.
He nodded, closing the door and turning to head inside.
"Erin... I had an intense dream that we..." he said, then saw her look up and smile widely. "Shit," he whispered.
She smiled. "Relax Dexter," she said. "It's okay. I'm just messing with you. You were dreaming!"
He looked at her in surprise, then breathed out in intense relief. "Goddamn that was mean," he said. "I thought I'd made us both cheat on Alec and Jessie."
She giggled. "I figured you had a sex dream about us," she said. "I woke up several times in the night and felt your ridiculous dick poking me in the most delightful spots."
He smiled, seeing her close her eyes and wistfully recall the night before. "So, we didn't actually..."
She grinned again, shrugging. "I had several, really dirty dreams about you last night. But... somehow we both had our underwear on this morning."
Dex felt even more confused, and now he was wondering what the heck really happened.
Erin, obviously enjoying the torment that she was putting him through, giggled and shook her head at him. "Relax, handsome. If something did happen, it was only because the two of us were turned on and groggy, and we thought we were dreaming."
He raised an eyebrow, looking back at her, thoroughly confounded.
"But... nothing did," he stated.
She smiled, then shook her head. Still she had a curious, mischievous look on her face. Finally, she looked up, staring provocatively at him and biting her bottom lip as if she were trying to get him to leap over the seat and have sex with her then and there.
Jessie came back out and slid in the seat behind him, handing him a candy bar and a drink, though he hadn't asked for anything.
"Thanks," he said, shaking Erin's confusion from his head.
She had to be screwing with him. He would have known if he really did have sex, and did he really think that the other two in the room wouldn't have heard them? Smiling, he shook his head and glanced back at the blonde, who looked up and smiled infuriatingly at him. Turning, he looked at Jessie and eyed her suspiciously, checking to see if she was in on it.
His girlfriend smiled sweetly at him, then looked over at Erin in confusion.
"You okay?" she asked, looking back at him.
"I'm trying to figure that out," he said.
"I heard him talk about the dream he had," Erin said. "I've been playing with him a little."
Jessie giggled. "How so?"
"Oh, you know, making him think we actually fooled around," she said.
Dex looked back at her, then at Jessie again. "Y'all having fun?"
Jessie giggled. "No, but it sounds like you guys did."
Erin laughed at that and Dex sighed and turned around.
Alec climbed in at that point, and nothing more was said. "Everyone ready?"
Not wanting to give him any clue that there was a little drama in the air, Dex smiled and nodded as he looked over.
"Let's hit it!" Erin said, Jessie cheering with her.
"You nutballs know that we're just heading home, right?" he asked.
The girls giggled, and then devolved into quite conversation between just the two of them.
Dexter knew better than to try and hear and went about fooling around on his phone until they'd gotten gossiping out of their systems. The trip passed easily, and by the time they pulled into Dexter's house, he was ready to get out.
"Can I use your bathroom?" Erin asked.
"Oh, me too," Jessie said.
"Yeah, feel free," he replied. "Alec?"
"I'm good," he said. "Hey, we gonna lift tomorrow night?"
"I should be free," Dexter said. "But... you know Jessie."
Alec nodded and fiddled with his phone a bit.
"I'm glad that you and I were able to handle the girls on the trip," Dex said, unsure of how to word the statement.
Alec grinned, nodding. "Honestly, bro, I feel like I missed out on an opportunity."
Dex smirked. "You probably did, dude."
"Like, Jessie was right next to me, but hell no, I gotta be a heavy fuckin' sleeper."
Nodding, Dex smiled and shrugged. "Well, I appreciate you not doing anything," he said.
Alec grinned and nodded. "Still, it was pretty fuckin' hot watching y'all have sex."
"Yeah, likewise," Dex replied. "Erin's a fuckin' knockout man. Don't let her get away from you and your stank ass."
Laughing, Alec nodded. "Dude, she's so out of my league."
"Shit, I'm in the same boat," he replied, smiling widely.
The two shared a laugh and then a nod of the head. With a pat on the shoulder, Dex got out and waved, then headed inside. As he stepped through the door, he saw that Jessie was apparently in the bathroom, and that his dad was probably upstairs in his bedroom office.
Erin smiled innocently at him.
"Mmmhmm," he said. "Look... I'm not the quickest on the uptake. Did we or not?" he asked.
She smiled, shrugging. "Like I said, I had a pleasant dream. If something happened, it was an accident."
"What did you tell Jessie?"
She smiled. "I told her that I had a vivid dream, then we talked about trying to get you two to play more."
He sighed. "I feel like you aren't telling me everything," he said.
She giggled and moved up to him. "I know you aren't ready to share Jessie," she said, smiling and putting a hand on his chest. "To be honest, I don't blame you. But... if you tell Alec that you and I actually fucked last night..."
Dexter's eyes widened. "What?"
She smiled. "If you tell either of them, then the chances of him trying something with Jessie increase. Right?"
Dexter winced, realizing the dream was real.
"Dexter," she said, poking him in the chest. "We don't have a lot of time. The chances increase, right?"
He sighed, looking down at her. "Yes, I suppose."
"Exactly. So, don't tell them about what happened."
He raised an eyebrow. "But... you just..." He exhaled slowly. "Erin..."
She smiled, looking up. "Dex, honey, I waited long enough to have what I wanted. I do all sorts of crazy stuff for Alec, and he can give me this one." She smiled up at him infuriatingly and added, "even if he doesn't know about it."
"But..."
"Dex, I'm not trying to hurt anyone. I'm not stealing you from Jessie or trying to hurt my boyfriend, but come on... was pretty damn incredible, wasn't it?"
He sighed, grudgingly admitting that it was.
"So... we're both telling a couple of little white lies. I can keep a secret if you can. In the meantime, you can work on being able to share Jessie, and I might get to have you again sometime. Trust me, I know for a fact that it's going to be okay."
The animal brain part of him was all for it. He sighed again.
"I'm not going to come over and sneak into your window, stalk you, or like... creep into bed. It was a onetime thing," she said. "We're just covering it up."
He nodded.
"You realize I'm lying for you, right? You're the one that doesn't want to share Jessie more. You're only not telling her because Alec will want to take advantage of the situation."
He nodded again. "I know. I get it, it just... makes me feel like I'm really fuckin' selfish."
She smiled. "It should," she said, smiling and turning to walk to the door. "She's incredible," she said, stopping as she reached the door and turning around.
He sighed, walking over and opening the door to walk her out.
"You know, we didn't use a condom last night," she whispered, smiling up at him as they walked toward Alec's truck.
Dexter looked at her, shaking his head.
"I don't even let Alec have me without a condom. You're little guys have been in me all night."
Sighing, he raised an eyebrow and smirked at her.
"Seriously though," she said. "That was the best time I've ever had. Ever."
He smiled, nodding. "It was one for the record books for sure."
She winked, then turned and walked around to the other side of the truck.
Heading back in, he looked around for Jessie but didn't see her. Heading upstairs, he saw her down at the end of the hallway, apparently listening to his dad.
She turned, waving him over as she noticed him, holding up a finger to her lips for him to be quiet. Raising an eyebrow, he did as she asked and quietly went up to her and listened. He heard a curious noise coming from his dad's room and began to walk much quieter. Realizing what he was hearing, he felt his heart breaking. His dad was crying.
"I know," he said. "I'm just so damn lonely." He sounded like he was talking to someone on the phone. "It feels like an obvious thing, but I just want someone that's not a complete nutcase, you know?"
Whoever he was talking to was saying something long and drawn out, and Dex quietly waited next to Jessie, listening to the sad sniffles from the safety of the hallway.
"Jesus, Susie," he said. "You didn't just ask me that."
Susie was his dad's little sister. He must have called her, needing to talk.
"I know... but it's not every day that you get asked about your sex life by your little sister. I know you're concerned."
"I..."
"Well..."
He stammered, being interrupted several times. "I had a one-night stand a while ago," he said. "It was... incredible, but it can't happen again."
"It's complicated," he added a few seconds later. "She's with someone else."
Susie was talking for a while after that, and they heard conversational noises coming from his dad.
"Well, I appreciate you making me feel better. Tell Joe I said hey and kiss the kiddos for me. Okay... love you too. Bye."
Jessie quickly took his hand and went back to Dexter's room, padding silently down the hall.
"Babe, we've got to do something," she said, frowning, her eyes rimmed with tears. "That was heartbreaking!"
Dex nodded.
"I hear him sometimes at night, upset or talking to mom. I just don't know what to do anymore."
She frowned, hugging Dexter quickly and kissing him on the cheek. "Well, is he lonely or just horny?"
Dexter couldn't answer that, of course. He couldn't read his mind. "I'm not sure."
"Who is Susie?" she asked, looking up at him.
He focused on her for a second. "Hm? Oh, my Aunt, his little sister."
She nodded and then fell silent for a few seconds. "As I see it, the problem is simple. He needs a woman. He needs someone that can hang out with him and have fun; someone that likes sex and isn't judgmental but isn't taken."
There was a quiet pause while they tried to figure out who that might be, and then she looked up at him.
"Let me go and talk to my family tonight. Maybe my mom knows some single women that aren't crazy."
He nodded. "I'll drive you home."
Jessie smiled, then tiptoed downstairs with him as they headed for his vehicle. Preoccupied with what he was going to do about his father, he completely spaced and forgot about the trouble with Erin.
As they pulled in, Jessie smiled and leaned over to kiss him. "I promise it will be okay, baby," she said. "We'll figure it out.
Dexter smiled, nodding. "Call me later, okay?"
She smiled, nodding. "I will! Love you! Get a nap!"
"I love you," he said, then smiled and watched as she walked up the stairs. Still smiling, he turned and headed for home.
*****
Jessie
Stepping into her apartment, she went to her room and put her things down, then stripped out of the dirty clothes she was wearing and turned to leave the room. Smiling at her from the doorway, Donna had quietly come in and was watching.
"Whoa... hey creepy," Jessie said.
"Hey," she said. "How was the trip?"
"Good. We had fun at the park and even switched boyfriends for the day. Dex and Erin are pretty timid about the big rides, so Alec and I went and rode a bunch together."
"Sounds like a blast. Did y'all have a big orgy when you got back to the hotel?"
Jessie giggled. "No, silly. We did sleep in different beds though. Alec and I took one bed, but it wasn't any big deal because he just went to sleep."
"Boring," Donna said. "Erin and Dex get up to any trouble?"
Jessie giggled, grinning. "Earlier, she said she was going to try and get him to have sex with her at some point during the night. Then, on the trip home, she admitted that she'd been successful."
"Oh really?" Donna asked, stepping aside as Jessie moved past her and went toward the bathroom. "Shower?" she asked.
Jessie nodded her head in confirmation, then smiled as Donna led the way. As they headed into the bathroom, the brunette reached into the shower and turned on the water for her, then stepped back.
"She said that they were pretty intimate during the night, and that she'd woken up to Dex's big ole hard cock and couldn't help herself. It was ridiculous though, she actually apologized!"
Donna smirked. "A friend of yours apologized for fucking your boyfriend! How weird," Donna said, deadpan.
Jessie giggled. "I'm serious. You know that I love to get my boyfriend laid!"
"You're so fucking crazy," she replied, smirking.
"Gonna join me?" Jessie asked, reaching in and testing the water.
Donna smiled, immediately starting to strip. Jessie giggled.
After a moment to let herself get used to the water, Jessie turned and moved back as Donna joined her. Unable to keep her hands to herself, she reached up and playfully squeezed her roommate's big breasts.
"So, you and Alec didn't do anything?"
Jessie shook her head. "It's a weird situation with those two. I think he cheated on her in the past, but I can't be sure. I know he wants to have a threesome with her and I, but in return, she gets to have another guy. I don't know if that means Alec and another guy, or just the other guy."
"She's obviously had her sights set on Dex," Donna said. "Are you going to let Alec have his threesome now?"
Jessie felt her taller, stronger roommate spin her around and begin to wash her off with some soap and a loofah. Having no choice but to acquiesce, she did so happily, her roommate busily scrubbing her down while they talked.
"She admitted to me on the way home that she was going to tell Dex to keep it a secret, so I promised I'd play along. He's such an honest guy though, I give it a day before he's all apologetic and worried that I'm going to be angry."
Donna smirked, shaking her head as Jessie looked back. Movement outside the shower caught their attention and they both turned to see John step in, smiling. He was naked, of course, and stepped past them to go and use the restroom.
"So, she's keeping the secret from Alec so that he doesn't get to have you?"
"I guess," Jessie said. "I'm not really too concerned about it."
Donna spun Jessie back around and washed the front, then smiled as John poked his head in. "Come on in, babe," she said. "You can have the backside."
"Hell yeah," John said, grinning widely.
"She didn't saymybackside," Jessie said, giggling as he stepped in behind her, kissing her neck and nestling his yummy erection up against her butt crack as he gripped her hips.
"So, what are you going to do if Alec does find out, and Dex isn't okay with it?" Donna asked.
Jessie sighed, leaning back as John's hands roamed up under her side and around to cup both of her breasts as he nibbled and kissed affectionately at her neck and shoulder. "I don't know," she said, watching as Donna kneeled and leaned forward, her warm tongue sliding up Jessie's folds before she had a moment to protest. "I suppose I'll have to figure it out if that happens. I think Erin will be able to keep the secret... unnh...fuck... though."
"Yeah, but Dex works out with Alec, remember?" Donna pointed out, pausing to speak before sliding her tongue up Jessie's pussy again.
Reaching back, Jessie began to jerk John's cock a bit, thoroughly enjoying the attention her roommates were giving her.
"True," she said. "I'll just take it as it comes, I guess. I'm not too worried. Fuck... both Dex and I are more concerned about his dad, to be honest. Don was upset earlier, talking to his sister on the phone. I'm going to go home tonight and see if my mom knows any single women his age."
"Well, if he needs to get laid, I can always go fuck him. It's not as if my boyfriend knows how to fuck me worth a damn," Donna said, looking up at the two.
Jessie giggled, turning her head and kissing John on the cheek.
"Babe, I've already got an erection," he pointed out, then winked at Jessie as he reached down and grabbed a handful of Donna's hair and pulled, dragging her up and pulling her to his face for a kiss. The move squished Jessie in between them, and as Donna pulled back, an expression of half-anger, half-arousal on her face, Jessie giggled and pushed her back a bit.
Taking the opportunity to spin her around to face him, John pushed Jessie to her knees and pushed his cock against her lips. She giggled, fighting playfully against the mushroom head of his cock as it pressed against her closed lips.
He grinned, then frowned as Donna spun Jessie back around and pushed her pussy up in place where his cock had been. Jessie giggled, licking as she was given and looking up at the two.
"Hey, that's my cock holster," he said, turning Jessie back around.
Sliding his shaft into her mouth, he smiled, causing Jessie to giggle and look over at Donna. Standing there for a second, Donna smirked and let him have his fun. Jessie giggled again, then focused on sucking his cock as he thrust in and out of her mouth. In truth, she was really distracted. She was trying to be a good roommate and let him have fun with her mouth, but she just couldn't shake the thought of Don being so sad. Still, she smiled and looked up at him in a way that she knew he would like.
Donna stood her up quickly though, much to John's disappointment. Bending her over, she pulled Jessie forward until she had buried her face in Donna's pussy again. Giggling, Jessie started to pleasure her other roommate, feeling John fooling around with her butt a little. Groaning, she suddenly felt him slide his tongue against her ass and then probe inside a bit.
"Limp dick little nancy-boy," Donna said, groaning and grinding against Jessie's face as she leaned back as far as she could. Jessie did her best to eat her friend's pussy, but it wasn't easy in that position.
"Rancid fucking cum-dumpster," John spat back.
"Fuck, I love you," Donna groaned, Jessie trying hard to focus while her roommates flirted with each other.
John had stood up, but Jessie wasn't worried that he was going to try and fuck her. She figured he was watching, and she could suck him off after Donna came, then get out and go see her folks. Apparently, her roommates had other ideas though, and after a few seconds of eating Donna out, they grabbed her and made for their bed, not bothering to dry off in the least.
Donna laid down first, wiggling a finger at Jessie and spreading her legs. Smiling, Jessie sighed. "I've got to hurry though," she said.
"We can be fast, honey," Donna said. "John can watch you eating my pussy."
She giggled, nodding and spread her knees far apart as she moved up to the bed. Arching her back and displaying herself for him so that he would have a nice few while she took care of Donna's pussy related needs. Her roommate's delicious looking pussy was presented for her and she lost track of what was going on behind her. Wet, glistening, and yummy looking, the pussy was begging to be devoured, and Jessie wasted no time in leaning forward and running the flat of her tongue up Donna's trough, forcing the folds aside and running hard up against the nub of flesh covering her clit.
A low rumble of approval issued from her dark-haired friend's mouth, and Jessie smiled, seeing the look of pleasure on her face. Repeating the move once, twice, and then a third time, she smiled, seeing Donna's expression begging her to get on with it.
Giggling, she acquiesced, sliding down and moving her lips tightly up against Donna's pussy, rubbing her tongue hard and fast against her clit, pausing to suck and slurp at her juices, even tasting a bit of John in there with her, before starting again.
Behind her, she felt John's hands on her thighs, spreading her legs and then moving her butt a bit, then felt him sliding up into position. He rubbed a finger into her slit but didn't need to worry about her being ready. She'd discovered that eating pussy made her wet, and now she was drenched.
His tongue startled her a bit when she felt him pressing it against her asshole, gently rocking it insid and then out again. Whimpering, she glanced back, but quickly turned back to resume licking Donna's pussy. Crying out in pleasure, her roommate looked down at her with an almost pleading expression on her face. Behind her John was still licking, two fingers plunging into her cunt, and his body shaking as he jerked off behind them. True to form, he wasn't going to last long.
Jessie giggled, feeling him pat her on the ass as he got ready to cum. She darted down and took him in her mouth as the first spray erupted from the head, and swallowed it down happily, groaning in pleasure as she tasted the familiar tang of John's cum. He thrust weakly against her face a few times, and she had a kinky thought pop into her head. Not swallowing the last few bursts, she turned and looked up at Donna, her mouth of cum dripping from her lips.
"Oh, fuck," Donna whimpered, nodding as Jessie lowered her gooey face to her roommates aching pussy. Hurriedly, Jessie resumed licking, this time with her tongue covered in John's spunk, coating Donna's pussy with it and driving her roommate over the edge.
"Fuck, baby," Donna groaned, reaching for John as he came over, his cock still hard as he laid down next to Jessie.
Groaning, her body seized, and Jessie felt her roommate start to cum, not slowing as she licked hard against her clit. Eventually, she was able to cry out and had to push Jessie off, so she giggled and leaned over, sucking the cum from John's gooey cock before he pulled her up to kiss her. The three relaxed then, smiling happily and laying in a sticky pile.
After about thirty minutes, Jessie extricated herself from the two, and then went to take yet another shower to get clean. Thankfully, neither of her persistently horny roommates bothered her, and she was able to get clean.
Throwing on some shorts and a t-shirt and jacket, she finished getting dressed and texted her folks to make sure they were still there. Her mother quickly responded that they were, and she quickly hopped in her car and drove over. After having some family time and letting her mother know about the Don situation, she got a promise from her that she would keep an eye out and said that she'd have to think on it.
Afterward, she checked the time and figured that Dex had had enough time to take a nap, so she chanced calling him to check on things.
"Hey babe," he said.
"Hey. Did I catch you sleeping?"
"No, I've been awake for a while. Any luck with your family?"
"No," she said. "Not yet at least. I'm sure we'll find someone for him though. What's going on tonight?"
"Oh, nothing. Dad mentioned watching a movie if you want to come over and hang out."
She briefly thought about it but didn't want to be any kind of sexual burden on the poor guy, not with what had happened before. She declined, saying that she was tired, which she was, and that she was going to study and call it an early evening.
After more conversation and a couple of "I love yous," they hung up and she drove home.
The next day, she went to class as normal, and then got a call from her boss as she was getting ready to head in. He told her that he loved having her work for him, but that he just didn't have anything for her to do and he couldn't justify keeping her full time. He said that he didn't mind keeping her on the payroll, but that he'd have to let her know when there was work that he needed help with.
"I understand completely," she assured him. "I figured that I was going to get some hours cut since the most I've been doing is sitting and keeping my chair warm."
He thanked her for her help and promised to let her know if he needed her any time soon.
Frowning as she hung up the phone, Jessie tossed it into her purse and drove back to her apartment. She briefly wished that Dex was home so that she could go and hang out with him, but knew he was at work by then.
Heading home, she smirked as she noted the quietness of the apartment, so often filled with the sounds of sex from her to roommates. Heading to her bedroom, she busied herself with the little bit of homework that she had, and then started to comb through job sites and listings, looking for something interesting.
There were the obvious listings for cooks and waitresses, but she wasn't interested in any of those. Not seeing anything interesting, she gave up after a little while and spent the rest of the afternoon cleaning up the apartment and doing laundry.
*****
Dexter
After dropping Jessie off, Dex went home and climbed in bed, his nap more than overdue. Dead to the world for a good couple of hours, he awoke late in the afternoon and spent a few minutes trying to get his bearings.
Yawning, he stood, pulled on some clothes and went to check on his dad. Stopping at the door to his room, he listened for sounds of him being upset, but didn't hear anything. Knocking quietly, he waited for him to reply and then entered.
The two spoke briefly, his dad inquiring about the trip and how Jessie was. Dexter felt the need to ask him about how he was doing, but didn't want to press, so he left it alone.
"I heard from Aunt Susie," his dad said. "She and the fam are doing good. Sends her love."
Dex nodded. "Good to hear from them."
"Definitely," his dad said. "I'm free this evening. You want to watch a few episodes of Band of Brothers with me?"
Dex smiled. "Sure."
"Invite Jessie if you like though, I don't think it's her kind of show," he added.
Dex chuckled. "No, probably not, but I'll let her know."
Figuring that his dad was okay for now, Dex decided to leave him alone for a while and went back to his room to do a little homework. After Jessie called, he got up and went down to get a snack but saw that his dad was making something.
"You about ready to eat?" he asked.
Dex smiled, nodding. "Heck yeah."
They got settled with their food and started the first episode and made it all the way to number four by the time Don was ready to call it a night.
"Thanks for hanging out with your old man," he said, standing and stretching.
"Sure thing," Dex said, seeing the weathered sadness in his father's eyes. Watching as he went upstairs, Dex sighed deeply, wondering what he could do to help.
For the rest of the week, life was relatively normal for Dex. He went to school, went to work, came home and either hung out with Jessie or was lazy at home. Once he went to work out with Alec, and despite having the desire to come clean, was able to abide by Erin's wishes and keep their little tryst a secret.
Jessie let him know on Monday that her hours at work had been cut, and she was getting frustrated about not being able to find a job. He'd told her that she could always borrow money, or just stay with him if she couldn't pay rent, but she didn't seem too concerned about it, more frustrated about being bored, he assumed.
As for his normal sexual shenanigans, they'd seemed to have calmed down a bit. True to her word, Erin hadn't turned into a stalker or showed up at his house when it was just him. He still felt bad about not telling Alec, but he figured that Jessie probably already knew.
He'd decided not to lose sleep over it. Jessie let him sleep around with whoever he wanted to, basically, so he was confident that she didn't care about his little tryst with Erin. The only reason she might have been mad was because neither of them really wanted her to have to owe Alec anything. Dex had enough trouble worrying about Jessie "flirting" with random dudes without throwing another potential into the mix.
Still, he had to admit that the images that had been conjured in his head when she'd talked about how his dad had nailed her to the wall in their kitchen had been extremely hot.
Vicky was gone on some work thing for the week, so he didn't have to worry about her needing him. Nicole and the other account managers were all gone, as well, so he was left alone at work. His boss was always kind of an ass, so that wasn't anything new.
Jessie was always good to go, of course, as was Donna. He hadn't been without sex, of course, and had had it 3 of the 4 days by the time Friday rolled around. Jessie mentioned Erin saying something about a party coming up, but she didn't know the details. She also said that Donna and John had invited them to a strip club that evening, the one she'd mentioned before.
After letting her know that he was in, he went to his computer when he got home and looked up the club. As he checked it out a little, he saw that there was an amateur strip tease competition and was momentarily concerned at the thought of Jessie seeing that and wanting to give it a shot.
That was the moment that something clicked, and he realized something. He'd only ever seen his girlfriend misbehave once or twice. He knew what kind of girlfriend he had, and he knew for a fact that she was going to break the rules again. Plus, his dad needed some sort of release. While not wanting the two to fuck again, he figured that his dad could rub one out while she was cleaning like she'd said he'd done before, and it wouldn't be pushing any boundaries. Not to mention the time that she'd gotten Dex's motor running by making his dad jerk off on her.
Realization striking him like a bolt of lightning, he suddenly understood that he liked when she misbehaved, but only when he saw it. Sitting stunned for a while, he quietly wondered what that said about him. What's more, he'd only really enjoyed it when she did it on her own, against his wishes.
His mind raced with possibilities then, thinking about how he could instigate her into wanting to do the contest, but then he realized that she probably wouldn't need any pushing. Maybe he could even invite his dad out to have some fun and enjoy the titties and beer. It had probably been ages since he'd gone out and had one. He'd even get to buy him a lap dance!
He grinned, not thinking for a minute that his dad would agree, but vowing to ask him, nonetheless. A second idea hit him then, and he smiled to himself, picking up his phone and calling Jessie. After she heard his idea, he heard her excitement build and listened as she giggled into the phone for a full thirty seconds.
Smiling, he knew he could count on her to convince the old man to join them.
Turning, he went and hopped in the shower and started to get ready for the evening ahead.
**
Around 7:30, Jessie and Donna came inside, followed by John. Jessie had ridden with them but was obviously going to ride with Dex and his dad.
"Hi baby!" she said, running and jumping into his arms like always.
"Oof," he said, catching her and drawing a playfully slap on the cheek.
"Oof my ass!" she said. "Are you calling me fat?"
"Totally fat," he said, grinning.
She smirked and kissed him. "It's gonna be so fun tonight!" she said.
Donna came over and squirreled Jessie down from Dex's arms and kissed him. "Hey handsome," she said, the words falling from her lips like thick syrup. She looked incredibly sexy, wearing a little black dress with some sexy shoes. Her breasts, pushed up with the help of her bra, looked dynamite and she practically oozed sensuality.
"Gaddamn," Dex said, looking down. "You look... fuckin' incredible."
"Aww, baby, you don't have to sweet talk me to get some of this later," she said, smiling.
John came over, offering Dex his hand grinning. "Dirty slut cleans up nice, don't she?"
She flipped off her boyfriend and ran a hand up Dex's chest, kissing him again. "Keep fuckin' with me and I'm making a Murphy/Donna sandwich later," she threatened.
"Bitch don't get me all turned on right now!" he cried dramatically.
Dex laughed. "It's good to see your dumb ass," he said, realizing that he'd missed the loudmouth redneck.
John grinned. "Don't get all mushy on me you big homo," he said, but then pushed Donna out of the way and grabbed Dex in a hug. "Come here you big softy, give Johnny a kiss."
Dex laughed and easily pried himself loose, laughing and pushing him back.
"Oh, come on, lemme feel yer butt then," John called out, reaching down.
"Jessie, make John stop being... himself," Donna said, frowning over at her.
Jessie giggled, shrugging. "He's your jackass, slut."
Donna adopted a hurt look on her face, but then shrugged and grinned.
"So, does Don know anything?" she asked, as John and Dex laughed and bumped shoulders in a manly fashion.
He guessed that Jessie had enlisted her roommate's help and shook his head in response.
"I didn't want him to shoot me down and plant a firm no for an answer. I figured you two could go up and force him to get dressed."
John grinned. "Shit, can I watch? If my lady sees another monster dick, bitch gonna be all over that shit."
The girls grinned and hurried upstairs, ignoring John's request. Dexter smiled, beckoning him forward and following behind them.
"Hey there!" he heard his dad say. "What's going on with you girls tonight?"
"Hi papa!" Jessie said, entering his room in front of Donna. "We're taking you out tonight! Let's get you dressed!"
"What?" he heard his dad say. "Oh, you don't want me slowing y'all down."
"It's not a choice, Don," Donna said. "You're coming with us, and that's final. Now... let's go get you showered while Jessie picks some clothes out."
Dex had made it into the room by then as Donna was leading Don over to the bathroom from his desk.
Shrugging at the look his dad had given him, but really liking the smile he saw on his face, he watched as Jessie giggled and went to the closet, and Donna led him to the bathroom.
John didn't seem to mind in the least and stepped in, watching the scene unfold. Dex followed, stepping quietly behind them.
He saw Donna starting to undress his dad, pausing to turn on the water to the shower and then turning back to keep undressing him. She smirked and looked past him, then reached over and shut the door.
"Aw shit," John said. "Bitch could've given us a show."
Dex chuckled.
After a few minutes, Jessie had some clothes picked out and had set them on the bed. "No sexy times in there!" she called, turning and taking John and Dex by the hand and leading them downstairs.
"Donna's the queen of getting people looking good in a hurry," she said. "Let's go wait downstairs."
Dex chuckled, leading the way back down.
"So, what's this place like?" he asked, looking at John.
"Well, they got a stage and some stripper poles, big titted bitches and beer. What else you need, fucker?" he said, grinning widely.
Dex laughed.
"Nah, it's a pretty decent spot," John said.
He went on to describe what the layout was like and then set Dexter up perfectly for part of what he was wanting to achieve that evening.
"But on some nights, like tonight, they'll have amateur contests. It's always a coin toss with that shit though. That can either be really fuckin' sexy, or really fuckin' bad," he said.
"Oh, that sounds like so much fun!" Jessie said, grinning.
"You should do it," Dex said, grinning.
"You think?" she asked, looking excited by the prospect, yet worried. "What about your dad being there?" she asked, but then rolled her eyes as she realized how dumb that sounded. "Well... what about Alec and John?"
"Babe... he's been in you," he said bluntly, pointing at the man standing next to them. "Plus he sees you naked constantly. It was just a fun suggestion. You don't have to do it."
"But it sounds fun!" she said, frowning. "Oh... I don't know."
Dexter smiled, winking at John, who smiled widely back as he got the gist of what Dex was doing.
As Jessie was preoccupied with thinking about doing an amateur striptease, he and John talked about John's job search. After about ten minutes, Donna came downstairs with his dad, looking more cleaned up and nice than he'd seen him in a long time.
"Oh my, Don," Jessie said. "You look so handsome!"
Don chuckled, shaking his head. "I appreciate it, but you guys go and have a good time."
"You're going old man," John said, smacking him on the back good-naturedly.
Don smirked, looking over at Dex for a moment. "Do I at least get to know where I'm being taken?"
"Nope!" Donna said, winking at him. "Trust me, you'll like it, and if you don't, I'll make sure you're sufficiently distracted."
Dexter chuckled, seeing the smile on his dad's face, and shrugged.
"Alright party animals," John said. "Let's kick this pig in the ass!" he yelled.
The other four looked at each other in confusion, but laughed regardless, then shrugged and followed him out.
"We'll ride in Dex's truck and meet you there," Jessie said, waving as the other two climbed into John's truck.
"What are you two getting me into?" he asked, climbing in behind Jessie as she slid to the middle.
Dexter grinned. "It was all my idea," he said. "So, if you get pissed, it's my fault."
Jessie giggled, sliding close and kissing Dex on the cheek, but then sliding back and leaning into his dad.
"Do you really want to know where we're going?" she asked, smiling up at him.
"I wouldn't mind, but if I am spoiling some kind of surprise, I can wait," he said, glancing at the two.
She giggled, turning to look at Dex, who shrugged.
"You have to promise that you'll still go if I tell you," she said. "Promise."
His dad smirked, nodding, but then said, "I promise," when he saw her determined, unyielding stare.
She grinned, snuggling up against his arm and giggling. "We're taking you to a strip club!"
Don smiled widely, shaking his head, but didn't protest. "Well, why are you wanting me to go?" he asked.
"Well, besides the fact that it will get you out of the house, I'm thinking of dancing for the amateur night contest and we need people that will actually cheer for me!"
Dexter couldn't have put it better himself if he'd had a week to come up with it. Severely loving his girlfriend in that moment, he glanced over and saw the wide smile on his dad's face, his heart swelling in happiness.
"Well, I can certainly do that. I just don't want to be a 5th wheel or anything," he said.
"Oh, nonsense," Jessie said before Dex could assure him that he wasn't going to be.
She reached over and held Dex's hand, but then leaned over into his dad's shoulder, sharing the affection as he drove to the strip club, John and his girlfriend leading the way in front of them.
After pulling into an ATM so that he and his dad could get cash if they wanted it, Dex was surprised to see him withdraw a hefty amount and smiled knowingly at him as he glanced over. Offering only a wink and grin, he hopped back in and the five were back on the road.
As they pulled in a few minutes later, Dex was surprised at how nice the place looked. He'd never been there, but he'd always kind of expected a nondescript brick building. This was a large, single story complex with a nice exterior, valet parking, and security standing at the door.
Smiling, Dex watched as his dad looked around and made sure that nothing valuable was being left out in the open and they all hopped out when the Valet came over and took the keys. Dex got the ticket and put it in a secure spot in his wallet so that he didn't lose it.
Jessie took his hand in hers and then walked up toward where John and Donna were waiting. Turning as they came up, he entered with the other four following. Don paid for Dexter and Jessie, despite Dex's protests, and John took care of him and his girlfriend.
After all the formalities, Jessie paused at the front counter and got the attention of the girl working the register.
"If I wanted to do the amateur night contest, where would I sign up?
The girl smiled and had her sign a consent form, saying that it didn't mean she had to dance, just that she could, along with a bunch of liability stuff.
"Just listen for the DJ to tell you when you need to go and get ready. One of the dancers will take you back. Have fun and good luck!"
"Thanks!" she replied, turning and grinning at Dex and Don as they watched, both bemused.
"You're still okay with me doing this?" she asked, looking at Dex, and then surprisingly at Don.
"Only if you want to, babe," Dexter replied.
Don smiled and shrugged in response, and she must have taken that as consent. Grabbing both of their hands, she led them in. Dex saw that John and Donna had found a table that seemed ideally positioned to take in all the action. As soon as the five sat down, a big-chested waitress came over and took their drink order. As soon as she left, John smiled and stood, the others turning to see Alec and Erin joining them.
"Hey guys!" Erin said, hugging Jessie and Dex, then moving over to do the same to Donna, Don, and John. Alec shook hands and gave a kiss on the cheek to Jessie and Donna.
"Erin you look so gorgeous!" Jessie said, smiling widely and gushing over her friend.
Dexter had to agree. All three women were wearing some variation of little black dress. Jessie's spectacular body looked incredible in it, and Donna's tits were just pouring out of her top. Erin, smaller chested than the other two, but with movie-star quality beauty, was a smoke show.
Dex couldn't help but admire the not-so-subtle curve of her breasts as she leaned over to hug his dad, her obvious nipples pushing against the taut fabric. He suddenly remembered feeling how they tasted and felt on his tongue, in his mouth, then immediately remembered about fucking her gently, quietly in the middle of the night while his girlfriend and her boyfriend slept quietly near them. She seemed to know what he was thinking and flashed him a smile as she sat down. Guiltily, he looked over at his friend Alec and was surprised to see a smirk on his face.
The waitress came back with drinks as the girls started to talk and the guys watched the dancing action. A pretty blonde with long hair and wearing a blue bikini was up on the main stage. John looked to be enraptured with her.
Looking around, Dex saw that it was decently crowded, and that there were more women there than he expected. He hadn't thought it would be a full-on sausage-factory, but the actual number of women was surprising. He wondered if they were all there for amateur night.
"You ever been to one of these places, Don?" Alec asked, smiling widely.
Dex glanced over at his dad, genuinely curious to learn something about him that he didn't know.
With a nod and a smile, he confirmed that he had. "In my youth, bachelor parties and nights out with friends in college. It's been a long damn time though."
The group laughed and talked over drinks, and after a half hour, they got to watch John buy a lap dance from a stripper named Cinnamon, who seemed to know him.
"Shit, dude, how much do you come here?" Dex asked after the dance had ended and the dark-skinned beauty had gone on to the next table.
"Every other week or so when I'm in town," he said. "I always bring Donna, so she don't mind me getting a lap dance or three," he said, flashing a charming grin.
"So, you going to dance, Jessie?" Erin asked.
"I think so!" she confirmed. "I'm super nervous and excited though. Wait..." she said, getting an excited look on her face. "Why don't you do it with me!"
"Oh! No..." Erin said quickly. "No, no, no," she said quickly, shaking her head.
"I don't think that's a good idea," Alec said, chuckling. "She's nice and comfortable around folks but she's got some terrible stage fright," he said, taking her hand.
She frowned and nodded. "I'd just freeze up," she admitted.
Jessie frowned but seemed to accept the reason.
"Don't worry, I'll go keep you company," Donna said. "I'm not dancing, but I won't leave you alone."
Dex saw his girlfriend grin and chuckled, then turned to look at the girl on stage, Haven. The music started to fade and the DJ announced amateur night at 11:00 PM. The group grinned and looked at Jessie. Dex could sense her getting a little nervous and decided to break the tension.
"So, Donna, you ever go up there?"
The gorgeous brunette shook her head, smirking at him. "I'm not nearly as brave as your girl," she said.
"Well, I think she'll do great," Alec said, smiling. "To Jessie's budding career as a stripper!" he said, drawing a scowl from Jessie and laughter from the others.
The group raised their glasses and toasted, regardless. For the next few hours, they all slowly sipped their drinks. And more than a few lap dances were purchased and enjoyed. Jessie leaned over after a bit and nudged Dex in the ribs.
"Maybe we should buy your dad one?" she asked.
He smiled, nodding and handing her a wad of cash. She grinned and flagged down a particularly cute stripped named Crystal.
"Can you give my Papa a lap dance?" Jessie asked, getting a grin from the young woman and a groan from Don.
The group cheered and backed up as the stripper slithered over to him. Dex watched for a bit, noting how his dad accepted his fate and the peculiar way he seemed to follow the gaze of the young woman as she danced and undulated on him. When she straddled him, she looked down and then up at him, smiling widely.
"Oh... my god..." Glancing at Donna in disbelief, Crystal raised her eyebrow questioningly.
The brunette grinned and nodded, holding up her hands about a foot apart. Dex saw his dad blushing but not looking away. The stripper started to grind up and down on him, smiling and laughing as she talked and danced with his dad.
Around 10:30, the DJ made another announcement and had the contestants come up to the DJ booth.
Jessie smiled and stood, leaning over and kissing him on the cheek before saying, "Wish me luck!" to the group. They all did so and Dex watched as she and Donna walked over to the booth, followed by several other women.
John gestured for the others to move up to the chairs around the stage, and they claimed four spots before the rest were taken.
Alec patted his knee and let Erin sit down in his lap.
Dex smiled, growing a little nervous. It must have been obvious as John leaned over to his right and said, "Don't worry about it bud. Most of the other girls that are dancing are ugly as fuck. They don't allow dudes in the back and the bouncers are pretty damn serious about leaving the amateurs alone. The owners don't need a fuckin' lawsuit, know what I mean?"
Dex nodding grinning. He looked over at his dad and smiled, seeing that he looked a little nervous for her too.
"I'm sure she'll be fine," he said. His dad smiled and nodded.
Looking around he saw the crowd start to move around and get closer to the stage. A trio of men moved chairs up behind John and himself, and he scooted closer to give them a bit of room.
"Thanks bro," one of them said.
Dex nodded.
"Yo, that fox you came in with gonna dance?" one of them asked as he looked at Dexter
He nodded in response, smiling and turning. "Yeah, she loves being naked, so shit like this is right up her alley."
"Nice," the guy said. He looked like he was a little older than Dex but didn't look rough or anything. John was on his left, talking with the next guy over.
Looking further left, Dexter saw an older man, long hair and biker tats on his arms. The guy nodded as Dex looked at him, nodding in return. Another stripper or two came up and danced while they waited and Dex grew a little anxious, thinking about his girlfriend in the back of this strip club. Finally, the time grew close, and he took a deep breath, watching as Daisy spun around the pole in front of them, her legs spread and pussy on display. A minute or so later, her song ended, and the DJ started to talk again.
"Alright, alright, alright," he said. "Let's give it up for the delectable Daisy!" he yelled, getting applause for the young woman, who was picking up her cash. "Welcome, you dirty bunch of pervs, to Amateur Night!" The crowd cheered weakly again; laughter scattered throughout. "The ladies are getting ready in the back right now, and it looks like we're going to have 7 women competing for $250 dollars in cash in the amateur night strip contest. You guys excited?"
There was a smattering of cheers in response, and the crowd laughed.
"Shit, that was fuckin' pathetic. You guys ready to see some tits and ass?" he yelled.
"Fuck yeah!" someone in the crowd yelled, and the rest of the folks yelled in support.
"That's what I'm fuckin' talkin' about," the DJ replied.
The door opened then and Dex saw one of the women come out, wearing a sexy set of stripper clothes.
"Alright you dirty motherfuckers, keep your eyes on the stage and your fuckin' hands to themselves and give a warm welcome to..." there was a pause as he checked the names... "Candy? Candy!" he said.
The girl smirked and came out, looking nervous. She wasn't that pretty, but she had really nice-looking tits, and Dexter didn't mind seeing her naked.
"You got this baby!" a guy in the audience called, and Dex figured that it was her husband or boyfriend.
Hearing a bit of commotion behind him, he turned and saw Donna apologizing and making her way through the crowd. She smiled, working her way over to sit down in Dexter's lap, leaning over and kissing her boyfriend.
"Jessie's 5th," she said. "God, this one sucks," she said, leaning over and whispering in Dexter's ear after appraising the woman on stage.
"Yo, my man," the guy behind him said, getting his attention. Dex turned and cocked his head questioningly.
"I thought that other one was your girl," he said.
Donna turned. "I'm just his fuck buddy; his girlfriend is up 5th," Donna said.
Dexter smirked nodding a confirmation at the guy as he looked at him questioningly.
"Shit, lucky ass mufucka," the guy said, smiling. "Yo, number five is who we waitin' for," he said turning left and right to his friends.
Dexter smiled to himself, enjoying the thought of all these guys waiting to see what his girlfriend was working with.
The current girl finished, taking off her top, but stopped there, much to the disappointment of the crowd. Still, she got some money tossed on the stage and she went around picking it up. The next two girls weren't much better, but they did get all the way naked, something Dexter didn't know the amateurs could do. He said as much to Donna, and she said that they signed waivers, so they could basically do whatever they wanted.
The fourth girl was attractive and had a nice ass but didn't have very nice breasts. She was athletic though, and actually spun inverted around on the pole instead of just spinning around it while standing up.
She got more money than the previous girls, and Dexter smiled, glad that folks were still shelling out the dough. Still, he knew that his girlfriend was next, and felt his heart pounding in his chest.
"Damn, honey, don't be so nervous," Donna said, putting her hand to his torso.
Dexter smiled, trying to calm himself, but he knew he wasn't going to be able to until Jessie had finished. The current girl finished, and the DJ started his spiel again.
"Alright guys give a big hand for Amber! Yeah, that's nice. Good job. Now put your fuckin' hands together for Janie!" he said.
Jessie stepped out from the door and walked swiftly up to the stage as the music started playing. Dexter smiled widely, seeing her wearing a naughty schoolgirl outfit. The crowd cheered loudly as her song started playing, "Cherry Pie" by Warrant.
She turned, bending over with her knees straight, touching her toes and looking back, smiling seductively and then standing up. Sauntering over to one side of the stage, she knelt and did the "hands on the knees leg spread" thing that he'd seen the other strippers do. She leaned back and laid head down on the ground, her breasts pointing skyward, but still concealed by her schoolgirl top.
Dexter felt his cock swelling, as did Donna, giggling on top of him.
Jessie leaned forward then, grabbing some random guy by the back of his head and shaking her tits in his face. She sat back quickly, leaving the guy reeling and smiling widely.
Dexter laughed, seeing the guy cheering along with his friends. Jessie spun then, turning to the other side of the stage to spread her legs and shake her tits in someone's face. She turned, moving down to the end and kneeling in front of John.
Smiling, he knew she was probably trying to spread the attention around to get the most votes, and John was a relatively safe bet to dance for.
He saw more closely how she cupped the outsides of her breasts and leaned forward, grabbing John's face with them and pulling back, rubbing them on the sides of his head.
Grinning, she winked at him as she passed, then stopped in front of the biker to his left. Flashing her panties at him, he grinned and nodded appreciatively and Dex as she stood, spinning in place before grabbing the pole and spinning around.
She bounced playfully to the music, her breasts shaking excitingly as he watched. Reaching up, she swiftly untied the knot holding her blouse together and stripped it off, following a few seconds later by her skirt.
His heart still pounding, he realized again that he was watching his girlfriend standing on stage in her underwear in front of a crowd of drunk strangers. The realization of what was happening was exciting, and he couldn't wipe the grin of his face. She didn't spend long in her bra, though, and he knew that she was probably anxious to get completely nude.
Spinning around, she untied her bra and flung it back onto the stage, then cupped her breasts and shimmied and wiggled around. Bending far over again, she winked back direct at Dex, and reached back, sliding a finger underneath her body as she knelt, her knees going wide. Pulling her panties to the side, she grinned at the roar of approval from the crowd, giggling and breaking character for the first time in her routine.
Standing back up, she seductively slid out of her panties and tossed them to John, who sniffed them and shoved them in his pocket.
The song started to come to an end, and she turned, pouting toward the DJ. She adopted a playful pose and frowned at him, then held her hands up to beg.
"Shit," the guy said, laughing. "Yeah, that's pretty fuckin' convincing," he said. "You guys want another song for Janie?"
The crowd cheered loudly, and Dexter grinned, wishing he could clap, but couldn't since Donna was sitting in his lap.
"Pour Some Sugar on Me" by Def Leppard started and Jessie immediately fell into character again. Starting on the right side, she spun around and pointed her naked rear toward the crowd. Dex thought she was dangerously close, and saw a few hands reaching up to try and grab her, but she spun out of the way quickly. Moving to the other side, she did the same thing, dancing out of the way as they reached for her.
He laughed, seeing her giggle and wiggle a finger at them. Donna looked at him then, smiling and reaching down to feel how incredibly turned on he was.
"Feels like someone likes watching her like this," she whispered, gently licking his earlobe.
He didn't reply though, and let Donna continue her affection as Jessie continued dancing. He looked up to see her leaning over and letting someone put a twenty in between her butt cheeks at her direction, seeing her squeeze it tight and then drop it on the floor behind her.
Smirking, she turned and shrugged at him, then sauntered over to the other side and up to a man holding another twenty.
Kneeling, she leaned forward and placed the money his mouth. Dexter smiled, then looked and saw a few hands rubbing her legs. He glanced over at the bouncers, but they seemed fine with what was going on.
Leaning forward, she pushed her tits together and gripped the bill in between them. She called out in surprise and clutched at her nipple; the man having sucked it into his mouth as she pulled past.
Snickering she waved her hand at him, telling him no, and moved over to the other side. Repeating the move, she giggled, rolling her eyes as Dexter watched another man's tongue moving over her pale skin for a second.
She giggled, waving her finger at him. Turning, she knelt in front of the biker, spreading her legs and leaning back. The guy grinned widely, leaning forward and getting remarkably close.
Jessie's head was back, and she couldn't see what he was doing. Dex got extremely nervous for second, then saw the man take a huge sniff of her pussy and then sit back, his hands behind his head in satisfaction. The crowd laughed, as did Dexter, Jessie giggling as she looked up to see the man sitting back.
Covering her mouth as she laughed, she shook her head and looked around at the crowd. Standing, she moved around to a few more clusters of people, kneeling and using her tits to grab the money. The song started to come to an end, and he thought she might stand and ask for another, she looked like she was having so much fun. She didn't though and waved appreciatively to the crowd as she picked up the money and left the stage.
Dexter grinned; his cock incredibly hard as Donna wriggled in his lap. Snickering, she sat up and stood, turning to watch the next girl.
After all seven girls had finished, they took the stage, still clad in the clothing they had on when they left the stage. Jessie stood in her spot, unabashed in her nude glory.
Smiling, she waved at him and winked, causing him to do the same.
"Bro, that is one fine piece of ass you got there," the guy behind him said. "Got me hard as a motherfucker."
He didn't really need to know that, but Dex thanked him and clasped his outstretched hand. A few other guys around him did the same, and he figured that it was obvious that Jessie was his girlfriend. The DJ came up on the stage then and called out the rules.
"Alright you horny sumbitches," he said. "Y'all yell like a motherfucker for the girl that you want, but..."
The crowd started yelling numbers immediately and then DJ laughed, shaking his head.
"Shut up goddamnit, drunk motherfuckers. Let me finish, shit," he said, drawing laughs. "I'm going to put my hand over the head of the girls, yell for who you're voting for."
He moved around, squeezing between two of the women and standing behind the third one, holding his hand over the first. There was a smattering of applause, then he moved to the last one. Another smattering of applause, and he moved back and forth, alternating girls. He did each one twice, and both times, Jessie got the most cheers by far.
"Alright guys and sluts," he called, drawing some yells of protest from the ladies in the crowd. "Our winner for tonight is..." he said, drawing it out for effect, "Number 5... Janie!"
The crowd cheered and the other girls congratulated her. Jessie grinned taking the DJ's hand and letting him raise it up in triumph. She giggled again, then quickly left the stage with the other girls as everyone moved away. After a few minutes, she came back out from the back, a bouncer escorting her over to Dex and the others. She grinned, holding up a wad of cash and giggled as the group cheered for her.
Dex smiled, seeing that she chose to wear the naughty schoolgirl outfit. Seeing a table in the corner free, the group moved over and began to talk about the performances and how much better Jessie's was than the others.
"Yeah, it really wasn't a contest," Erin said. "I didn't think it was fair that he didn't give the other girls two songs, but it wouldn't have mattered anyway."
"True dat," Alec said, drawing a grin from Jessie.
"Thank you guys for cheering for me!" she said.
"Shit, thanks for the show," John replied quickly.
Conversation shifted after a few minutes and the group started to talk among themselves. Jessie was sitting between Don and Dexter and pulled them in close.
"So, what did my boyfriend and my Papa think?" she asked.
Dex smiled, looking up at his dad, who grinned in return. "I haven't seen anyone that sexy in a long time, Spitfire," he said. She squealed in happiness and turned to Dex.
"Hottest thing I've ever seen," he said, nodding in agreement.
"You two are the best!" she said. "That was so much fun, but I was so nervous! I hope it didn't show!"
He shook his head. "Not at all. You looked like a natural up there."
"Don't worry, I don't want to come work here. The strippers in the back were a little bitchy!"
Dex chuckled, then pulled her over for a kiss. "You had your own cheering section of guys behind me."
"I know," she grinned. "It was pretty hot." She pulled at his arm suggestively and he smiled. "So, did you like seeing that?" she asked. "Did you see those guys lick my nipples?"
He chuckled, nodding. "Heck yeah, it was hot baby, like I said. All of it. Except," he said, drawing a mildly serious look from her, "for when the biker sniffed your pussy. That was weird."
"Oh, I know!" she said, giggling. Kissing him intensely, she sat back and looked at him. "So, do you want a lap dance?"
Dexter chuckled, nodding. "Hell yes."
A smile on her face, she quickly stood and pushed his chair back in preparation as a new song started, "Closer" by Nine Inch Nails.
She smiled and began to undulate on his lap, rubbing her butt up against his crotch and tossing her hair in his face. He smiled, sensing how much fun she was having showing off and knowing that the exhibitionist side of her was enjoying the hell out of this.
He smiled, watching as she turned away from him and bent way over, sliding back and looking at him from between her legs. Chuckling, he wiggled a finger and had her come and face him, sitting in his lap.
"Damn you're sexy," he said, smiling.
"Think I'm making the other men in here horny?" she asked.
He nodded. "I know for a fact. The guy behind me told me you gave him a hard-on."
She giggled. "I bet you were thrilled to know that."
Shrugging, he pulled her up tight to him for a kiss. She sat back a second later and looked at him curious, as if she were thinking something mischievous.
"What?" he asked suspiciously.
She giggled. "Think your dad might want a dance, or would that be crossing the line? He's sitting over there pretending to have fun and watching everyone. I just don't want to cause any issues to happen again, you know?"
Dex smiled rolling the idea around in his head. Was that something he wanted to push? The image of her being hammered up against the wall flashed into his mind and he felt a surge of arousal flow through him. Grabbing her hips, he forced her down onto him more, causing her to grin as she felt his obvious erection.
"Issues like what happened in the kitchen?" he asked, smiling and grabbing her hips and pulling.
She giggled, nodding. "It wouldn't do for me to be giving my boyfriend's dad a sexy lap dance and accidentally slide his cock into my tight, dirty little pussy," she said quietly, giving him a mischievous look.
He groaned, pulling her down on his lap hard, his cock pushing at her tender parts. She giggled, smiling knowingly at him. "You know baby," she said, playing with her schoolgirl top seductively, "I think you might like it when I'm bad."
Dexter smiled, unable to stop himself and decided to go with it. "Maybe that's true," he said. Part of him wanted her to misbehave, but he didn't want to say it.
She giggled. "Well, I'm happy to go dance for Papa if you don't mind it," she said, smiling and kissing him again. "I promise I won't pull his cock out and accidentally fuck him, though," she said with a wide smile.
He kissed her, half wishing she would and half wishing she wouldn't.
"Seriously though, you're probably going to get asked if I can give other guys a lap dance too, though."
He chuckled. "Promise?" he asked.
In truth, he'd thought about that and figured that he'd probably let Alec and John get one but wasn't sure about anyone else. Them, he felt, he could trust with her.
Giggling yet again, she kissed him a final time and stood, then walked around him to the back of his dad, leaning over and whispering in his ear. He chuckled, watching as she said something that Don laughed at and shrugged. She grinned, moving around to the front and waited for him to scoot the chair back, then started to dance seductively in front of him.
Dex smiled widely, watching intently as she began to slowly sway and seductively dance in front of his old man.
*****
Jessie
She smiled seductively, tossed her hair from side to side and undid the buttons on her top, showing her lacy black bra. Don's eyes devoured her semi-nude form, and she felt a familiar surge of arousal race through her. Behind Don, a few tables away, a quiet looking man in a business suit was watching her intently and smiling. Other tables of people were also watching her, and she began to feel as she did when she was on stage.
It had been incredible, feeling all the eyes on her, and people throwing money at her for doing what she naturally liked to do; be sexy. In truth, she wouldn't have minded working here, but knew that it was a job that would get old fast and wouldn't look good on resumes, no matter how much she enjoyed doing it.
She slid down into Don's lap and pressed his face into her cleavage, causing him to grin as she looked at him sultrily. Dex was watching her a foot away, and she could tell how aroused he was by the look he was giving her. She thought about how she was misbehaving, flirting with his dad right in front of him, and the idea that she was doing that and that it was turning him on was extremely hot.
Winking playfully, she spun around and jammed her butt against his crotch, keenly aware of his magnificent cock, hard and ready for her. Groaning, she wished she could just pull it out and slide down it, but then felt bad for such thoughts. That wasn't supposed to happen again!
She looked up, seeing John and Alec both watching, and knew that they would want dances too. She smiled, seeing Donna stand and move over to sit down in Dex's lap, and glanced over as she started whispering to him. Focusing back on Don, she turned back around continued to dance and grind into him for several more songs, but finally had to take a break. Kissing his cheek, she straddled him and smiled sweetly.
"So, are you happy you were dragged out with us, Papa?" she asked.
He smiled widely. "I was a bit leery at first, but your friends don't seem too crazy for me. I'm having fun. I appreciate you putting up with my old ass."
She smiled, grinding her soft parts on his thick, iron shaft. "I'm assuming that hard-on I'm feeling right now means that you're enjoying me?"
He nodded. "That outfit," he said. "The dancing is awesome, but that outfit really hits me in a good place."
"Oh, really?" she asked. "Maybe my Papa will buy me one and let me clean in it sometime."
He smiled. "That might not be the best idea, Spitfire. That might lead to more... interesting times in the kitchen."
She giggled. "Oh, we can't have that now can we."
He smiled, shrugging. "Definitely not. I know for damn sure that I wouldn't put up too much of a fuss if you tried to instigate things," he said, surprising her.
She sat back. "Don, you bad man. And here I thought you were over me and didn't want to cause any more trouble."
He chuckled, shaking his head. "You... young lady... have trouble written all over you."
She giggled, nodding. "That's for sure," she replied.
A quiet, intense moment passed between the two, and she smiled, looking intently at him, thinking about how much fun she could have wearing this thing. She would have to go and get one herself if he or Dex didn't buy her one.
Several more minutes passed as they sat and watched the fun, Jessie sitting in Don's lap, facing the same way as him. She felt happy, relaxed even, as she sat in his lap, enjoying the gentle rise and fall of his breathing.
"So, are John and I gonna get a turn?" Alec asked, causing Jessie to look over at Dex. He seemed to be listening to Donna, who put a hand to his face to keep him from looking away.
She giggled and looked over at Erin, who winked and nodded.
"What do you think, Papa?" she asked, leaning back and nuzzling his cheek. "Should I stay here and grind my pussy on that yummy feeling cock of yours or should I go and share with the other boys."
Don groaned behind her, his hands pulling at her hips. "Part of me wants you to stay," he said, making her giggle. "But... it's only fair. I think you might have to go dance for them, but it's honestly your decision, Spitfire."
She grinned, turning and kissing him on the cheek again. Glancing back over at Dex, he managed to get free of Donna and winked at Jessie, instantly making her feel better as she saw his smile.
Moving over, she started to dance for John, who grinned and was as handsy and flirty as he always was. After a few minutes of being groped and grabbed, she finally giggled and pulled away. Glancing over, she saw that Donna had gotten up at some point and had gone to sit in Don's lap.
John, grinning widely, slid his chair closer over to Dexter's and watched as Alec moved his chair back, letting her slide in front of him. John had managed to get her bra open when she was dancing for him, so she clipped it back in place to have something to pull off for Alec.
Starting in the same manner as she had for the other three dances, she looked back seductively, seeing Alec's wide smile as she bent over for him. Winking, she spun back around and pushed her butt back into him again, then went through a few moves that the strippers had shown her and the other girls in the back.
She felt him grab both sides of her hips at one point and pull her down as she was rubbing against him, then spun around to get a look at what he was trying to do.
Grinning, she slipped her bra open and let him get a face full of cleavage, figuring that since Dex had actually fucked his girlfriend, she owed him at least that much.
"Goddamn you are sexy," he said. "I can't wait to have you."
Jessie giggled, sliding down in his lap and grinding against his bulge. "Patience is a virtue," she said, winking and caressing his chest before flipping her hair and undulating on top of him.
Turning around again, she began to move her butt up and down his lap, feeling his hands come around and grab her breasts as John had. She glanced over at Dex and saw that Erin had moved over, and was sitting in his lap, smiling and talking quietly with him.
Trying to be sneaky, one of Alec's hands snuck down underneath as she pushed back against him, and she giggled as she felt him try to pull her panties aside. Spinning out of his grasp, she turned and took a seat in his lap, putting her arms around him and smiling.
"So... when do you think I'll get to have some fun?" he asked.
She smiled, shrugging. "I'm not sure. It's not really my choice, is it?"
He chuckled. "You're the only chick I know that would think that having sex with someone wouldn't be her choice."
She smirked. "Oh, you know what I mean."
Alec nodded, glancing over at the two as he slid a hand to her thigh. Smiling, she raised an eyebrow at him at he slid it up her leg.
"You know, I really had fun last weekend. I just wish I could have enjoyed being in the same bed with you."
She nodded. "We could have flirted a little at least, Mr. Sleepyhead."
Nodding, he surprised her by leaning down and taking one of her nipples into his mouth. She giggled and shook her head as she watched him, amused.
"You're all about pushing boundaries tonight, aren't you?"
He nodded. "I'm not trying to hurt anyone," he said. "I just know things. Interesting things."
Smirking, she looked down at him. "Like what?"
He smiled widely, glancing up at her. "Well, I'm pretty sure that my girlfriend and your boyfriend had sex that night," he said.
Her eyes went wide for a split second, and she tried to hide her surprise. He saw her, though, and grinned. "You already knew!" he said quietly. "Ha!"
Sliding his hand up, she felt him push them down between her legs and against her soft, wet panties.
"How did you know?" she asked, trying to focus on the conversation and not how nice his fingers felt in that moment.
He chuckled. "She had it written all over her face the next day and all the way home. She was in fucking dreamland and on cloud nine. Only a good orgasm makes her act like that, and even though I made her cum that night, it wasn't strong enough to be the reason why she was acting like she was. Plus, I got up and went to piss, and I could see that she was breathing heavy and wasn't asleep, and your boyfriend had a really big bulge underneath the sheets."
Jessie smirked, feeling him pull his hand back. "Be that as it may, Dex seemed to think it was a dream. She confided in me that she was pressing him to keep it a secret so that you didn't hound me for sex."
Alec chuckled. "That's not really fair, but she's not like other girls. But seriously, I'm not some creep that's going to stalk you and come over to your house unannounced," he said. "Come on. I'm not upset. It's not like I can really blame her, or him."
She smiled. "You're really understanding."
"Well, they were in the same bed, and to be honest with you, she likes to fantasize about fucking him sometimes, so I knew something was going to happen. The only thing I'm a little irritated about is that I was sound asleep for it."
She smiled and looked at him, not convinced. "It doesn't bother you that she's not admitting what happened?"
He smiled, sliding his hand back and rubbing her pussy gently through her soft, wet panties. "Not at all. That's kind of what I like about it; the idea that we're doing something wrong, you know?"
She grinned and shrugged. "Look who you're talking to. People tell me all the time that my flirting is cheating, but I don't agree."
"Plus, Erin is... tempestuous..." he said. "She can be a possessive little bitch, and downright nasty when she doesn't get her way. But she does some really freaky shit in bed and lets me get away with a ton of things. And, who am I kidding. She's really out of my league and I know that I'm lucky to be with her."
"You're still a good boyfriend, from what I hear, and you have rights too," she said.
"I know, but I'm good with it. I know about it and I expected it to happen. Your boyfriend is a good-looking dude and, not to sound gay or anything, he's got a nice looking dick."
Jessie burst out laughing, causing her to cover her mouth as he grinned, watching her.
"I'm serious, though," he said. "I'm happy with what I've got to work with, but it ain't the prettiest sumbitch in the world. I was watching you guys the other night and I could just see that Erin would really enjoy how big he is. Like... he's probably fun to just... blow for no reason, you know?"
She nodded. "I'm biased, but you're right. I love sucking cock, but bigger guys like Dex are definitely more fun for the girl. There's more to work with, more to have fun with."
"Right," he said, grinning. "That means more fun for her, and more blowjobs. So... when Erin came home and told me all about how you convinced her that she had to see your boyfriend's big dick, and then hearing about how intense the sex scene with Donna was, I knew it was just a matter of time. You should have heard how much she was enjoying talking and describing it. She immediately started to jerk me off and like... seduce me. It was out of the ordinary, you know. I don't need seducing, but she was being so... affectionate and was just so turned on. Then we started having sex and she was begging me to fuck her harder and just letting me do so much more kinky shit than we normally did."
Jessie grinned, nodding. "I figured you guys were going to have a good time that night."
He grinned, his fingers still gently rubbing at her pussy. He pulled them back though and placed his hand on her thigh.
"Then, I meet the guy and he's just the nicest dude ever. I'm like... fuck... man, can't you be a dickhead or something?"
Jessie giggled again.
"So, like I said," Alec said, "I expected her to do something that night, and I was pretty sure she did. And, honestly, I'm good with it. I really am," he said, seeing her looking at him intently. "I was planning on fooling around with you that night, but I guess the sex and swimming took it out of me. My own fault," he said with a shrug.
"You're giving up on it then?" she asked.
"My threesome?" he asked. "Hell no. I'll sneak you away from Mr. Donkey-Dick one night and me and Erin can have our way with you."
She grinned, sliding over to straddle him again and rub her wet panties and throbbing pussy against his bulge. "You want to have me and her at the same time? Alec, you naughty boy," she said, grinding hard against him as she put her arms around his neck.
He smiled; an eyebrow raised.
"So, what do you want to see me do when you steal me away?" she asked. "You want her to eat my dirty little pussy?"
He nodded, seemingly unable to find the words to speak, watching her intensely.
"Or is it the other way around, and you want to jerk off and watch me eat her out."
"God... both," he stammered.
She grinned. "I can see you jack-hammering my tight little pussy while she's sitting on my face, squirming and squealing. And baby, you should know that I definitely eat pussy better than anyone else she's been with."
He groaned, closing his eyes, and for a moment she thought he might be having an orgasm, but then he chuckled and opened them again, shaking his head.
"Am I causing problems?" she asked, smiling innocently.
He laughed and nodded.
"Well, don't worry. I'm sure you'll figure out a good time and place to get flirty with me. But you realize that it's just me. It's not like I'm going to be any different than your girlfriend, you know. It's not as if my pussy is made of satin or something."
He chuckled, nodding. "Doesn't make me want you any less, sexpot. Thanks for the dance, Jess. You're one sexy little slut."
She giggled, then leaned down and nuzzled his cheek. "Thanks, handsome. Just don't make having me cause you to lose Erin," she added.
He nodded, his smile fading, but a look of acceptance appearing on his face. "I won't," he said.
She smiled and stood, then turned and went to go and sit in Don's lap. Before long, Alec and Erin announced that they were going to head out, and the rest of the group quickly decided to follow. After changing back into her little black dress and giving back the loaner outfit, they got ready to go.
As they were walking out, she noticed that Erin was adorably affectionate with Alec, and Jessie smiled, feeling better about their relationship than she had recently. Alec had a healthy outlook on what had happened and didn't hold any ill will toward her boyfriend. Smiling, she slid over and took his hand as they drove home, leaning into his shoulder.
*****
Dex
"Mind if I join you?" Donna asked, sliding down without waiting for him to reply.
He chuckled, pulling her to him and wrapping an arm around her waist. Jessie was undulating and rubbing against his dad, making him smile while he watched her.
Dex focused on Donna then, sensing her looking at him.
"You doing okay with all that?" she asked, gesturing over her shoulder to Jessie.
Considering how he actually was doing, Dex nodded after a few seconds. "Jessie's gonna "Jessie" right?"
Donna grinned, nodding as she leaned over and kissed him on the cheek, then wiggled around a bit, getting comfortable, her breasts jiggling enticingly up in his face.
"Actually, can you keep a secret from her?" he asked.
She smiled. "I like the sound of that," she said. "I get leverage on you. I can make you come over and fuck me whenever I want."
He shot her a confused look, "I do that already."
Giggling, she shrugged. "It depends on the secret," she said. "If you're going to break up with her, then no."
He sighed. "I'm serious, nutcase," he said.
She grinned, nodding at him. "Yes, baby, I can keep a secret."
He smiled. "Good. Because if you don't, I'll stop fucking you."
She frowned, then scowled at him. "That's just mean," she said.
"Then you better keep my confidence," he said, sighing deeply and partially wondering if telling Donna was a great idea. "I've been trying to figure out a way to... open myself up more to Jessie's... proclivities."
Donna nodded, immediately understanding what he meant.
"I've noticed more and more that I'm getting really turned on watching her when she's being, well... Jessie... with other guys."
"Even your dad?" Donna asked.
He chuckled. "Honestly... yes. It's weird, I know but... what am I gonna do."
She grinned. "So..." she prompted.
"So, I realized tonight that I like it more when she doesn't ask permission. At least I think I do." He sighed in defeat but then shook his head and looked at her. "I want to test it, but I can't really tell her to do that, because that would be giving her permission and defeat the purpose, you know?"
She thought for a moment and then nodded. "I see what you mean."
"Honestly, I was hurt by what happened between her and my dad, but that was only at first. Once I got through all the stupid, male jealousy issues, I realized that it was really hot hearing about how intense and raw their... well... fucking... was."
She nodded. "So, what are you telling me for?" she asked.
"Well, I want to test my theory. I need her to get into those kinds of situations and I don't want to wait for months."
Donna smiled. "You want me to manipulate her a bit like I did when John came in her mouth?" she asked, reaching down between them to shove her hand in his pants and grip his cock. "Fuck," she whispered, laying her head on his shoulders. "How much trouble would I be in if I just started fucking you right here, baby?"
Dex grunted, pleasure coursing through him at her touch and the memory of the story. "Fuck... focus," he groaned. "I need her to do some Jessie-level shit so that I can see if my theory is correct. I don't want her to just start fucking a stranger, but... I don't know... I need to see if I'm going to be able to handle her "slipping" or if we both need to start working on reigning in our sexual activities."
Donna smiled. "I'm glad you came to me about it," she said, sighing. "I'm a little touched, actually."
He smiled. "Well, I do care about you, Donna. We're friends, right?"
She smiled, nodding. "You're such a good guy, Dex."
He rolled his eyes. "Sometimes, I wanna be a bad boy, you know? Leather jacket and shit."
"Honey, with that dick out... you are a bad boy," she said, pulling her hand free and smiling widely at him.
He chuckled and nodded appreciatively. As she turned, she glanced over at Jessie and nudged him. Looking over, he saw that she'd finished dancing for his dad and was sitting in his lap, talking and smiling with him.
"You know, the man she's sitting on right now has had his cock inside of her," she said, turning and grinning at him wickedly.
"Mmmm," he replied, looking hard at her as her processed what he was feeling.
"Inches from where she is now, in fact, his cock was ramming hard inside her tasty little cunt," she prodded, looking at him curiously, as if studying him.
Dex smiled, feeling the rush of pleasure and arousal filling him, and had a momentarily impulse to throw her to the floor and start fucking her. She smiled, recognizing the look he was giving her.
Jessie, focused on Don, didn't see John and Alec look over at Dex and get his attention. They gestured to Jessie and held their hands up in a questioning manner, asking if they could get dances. He smiled, nodding.
John grinned and slugged Alec in the chest, grinning widely and sitting back in his chair, waiting for her to finish with Don. Looking over again, he saw that she'd spun around and was facing forward, his dad holding her and the two talking quietly.
After a few minutes, Alec grinned and looked over at her. "So, are John and I gonna get a turn?" he asked.
She giggled and after talking with Don a bit, turned to look at Dex, but he had been forced to look at Donna again, who smiled.
"This is the first step," she said. "You can't give consent, remember?"
Dex chuckled, seeing Jessie out of the corner of his eye. She seemed unsure, wavering. Donna made the mistake of looking away for a second and he glanced over and winked at her, knowing it would make her feel better. It wasn't exactly consent, but... baby steps.
Slowly, Jessie walked over to John and smiled, starting to wiggle and dance for him to the beat of the music. He and Donna watched quietly, smiling and enjoying her warmth and softness as John enjoyed Jessie.
He figured she was going to get naked again, but she only stripped her blouse off. John didn't seem to care though, and brazenly grabbed her breasts as she wriggled in his lap, causing her to giggle.
Donna whispered naughty things in his ear while they watched, telling him how much she wanted to fuck him and the like.
After a while, Donna smiled and kissed him on the cheek, then stood and went over to sit in his dad's lap without a word of explanation. He followed her with his eyes and watched as she reached down and pulled Don's hands up to her chest.
He chuckled, then turned to watch as his girlfriend continued to give one of her roommates a lap dance.
As the song finished, she kissed him on the cheek, and he was surprised to see that he'd missed John getting her bra open. She clipped it back and went over to start dancing for Alec. As she did, Erin smiled and made a beeline for him, sitting down in his lap and turning to watch.
"So, how are you?" he asked.
"Horny," she said, smiling. "I don't suppose I could convince you to fuck me in the bathroom right now."
He smirked. "I don't think that's such a good idea."
She frowned. "I guess I'll have to settle for Alec," she said with a sigh.
"Poor thing," he said, "Having to settle for your boyfriend."
She smirked back at him and the two turned to watch Jessie work her magic. The scene was extremely exciting for him, and he found that he loved seeing how people responded to her.
Alec was every bit as handsy as John had been, and he kept a wary eye on the two. It wasn't because he thought they were going to sneak off and fuck somewhere, but just to make sure he caught all the action.
"You know, you look incredible tonight," Dex said, causing Erin to smile as she looked at him.
"I've been a naughty girl all evening," she said, biting her bottom lip provocatively.
Dex raised an eyebrow. "Oh really?" he asked.
She nodded, spinning in the chair as Jessie had done a time or two, and straddling him. As she did so, he couldn't help but look down and was amused to see that she wasn't wearing any panties.
"Erin, you dirty girl you," he said, shaking his head.
She giggled, looking down and sighing as she noticed his bulge was so close to her naked pussy.
"You know," she said, reaching down and sliding her hand in while glancing around sneakily, "I'll bet I could get us into enough trouble right here."
Dexter groaned, feeling her warm hand caress the head of his cock.
A waitress came by, checking on drinks then, and looked down in surprise as Erin pulled Dexter's cock out.
"Wow," she said, grinning and smiling at Erin. "Lucky girl!" she added, spinning away to go back to work.
Smiling, the blonde vixen chewed at her bottom lip, looking around the room as Dex groaned. He started to try and put himself away, but she leaned forward suddenly, her hand stroking as much as she could and pinning it between them.
For a few minutes, she wouldn't relent until finally he was able to get her to focus and slide back into a normal position. She pouted for a minute, but he knew that she realized it was getting too dangerous and had to quit. After a little while longer, the group started to get tired and they decided to head home.
Dexter and the others made their way outside, and he, his dad, and his girlfriend climbed into his vehicle to head home.
"You just want to stay with me tonight?" he asked, looking down at her and wondering what kind of trouble he could impose on her.
She grinned, nodding.
"Papa liked my naughty schoolgirl outfit," she said. "I think I might make him buy me one."
Dex chuckled. "Or maybe a naughty maid outfit you could wear when you clean over at our house."
She grinned even wider and nodded. "That sounds so fun!" she said. "Did you love my dancing?" she asked, sliding closer to him.
Dex nodded, grinning. "I'm definitely going to need a release," he said, winking at her.
She smiled. "Blowjob?" she asked.
He nodded, smiling. Glancing over, he smiled widely and looked at his dad. "You don't mind, do you?" he asked.
His dad smiled wider and shook his head. "I'm getting a great view from this side," he said.
Jessie giggled and moved to her knees. "Just don't wreck us," she said, working his cock out.
Seconds later, she had wriggled down to her belly and had her head in Dex's lap, her warm lips kissing the fat head and working around it affectionately. He grinned, forcing her head a little lower, his cock a little deeper, and causing her to giggle.
"Fuck, I'm damned horny," he said. "I'm not gonna last long."
"Mmm, goody," she said, speeding up and sliding her lips tightly up and down his shaft.
Only a few minutes later, he groaned and nodded as he felt his orgasm reaching its peak. Jessie, her mouth and head working up and down his shaft swiftly, each stroke punctuated with a horny little whimper.
"God... damn..." he grunted, focusing hard on staying in his lane as a burst of cum filled his girlfriend's mouth, quickly swallowed as she giggled in happiness, moaning along with him.
Visions of her being fucked up against the wall filled his head, and his orgasm seemed to go on forever. Finally, he stopped cumming and relaxed, fighting even harder to stay in his lane. She grinned, cleaning him up as best she could and then sitting up like nothing had happened.
Quietly, the three drove the rest of the way home in silence. When they got there, Don immediately went to his room and shut the door, calling out a "Good night and thank you!" to the two before they went to Dex's room.
"Mmm, thank you for a great night!" she said, snuggling nude against him a few minutes later.
"Thank you for being the perfect girlfriend," he said, smiling.
She giggled and kissed him a final time, turning over and spooning back against him.
**
The next morning, Dex awoke and looked around, not seeing Jessie in bed. A mild headache greeted him, but he stood and looked around for signs that she was still there. Her clothes were laying where she had left them, so unless she walked home naked, she should still be somewhere in the house. Smiling, he briefly wondered if she was misbehaving and quietly went over to his door.
Pulling it open as silently as he could, he listened quietly and heard the telltale sound of his dad's shower going.
Creeping silently down the hallway, he paused just outside the door to his bedroom and listened. For a full minute, the only noise he heard was the sound of someone in the shower but then a giggle reached his ear, and he knew she had to be in there with him.
Dex grinned widely, wondering just how much she was breaking the rules.