They lay in the grass at the bottom of the hill, so that above their feet, they could see the sun hovering in the bright blue sky, cloudless. The warm breeze tickled their skin, and they squinted their eyes at the light. They continued talking, of music, of everything, of his dog, of her cat. They laughed, and, inside, each ached to tell the other that they were having a fabulous time.
They'd just kind of wound up there. She'd seen him after the meeting, walking alone to his car, and had matched his pace, hoping she was inconspicuous. As the minutes flew by, as he noticed her repeatedly biting gently on her lower lip, it was as though they both knew that to let that one moment go was to let everything go, and so, she suggested they walk to the park to keep talking. She said she enjoyed conversation with him. He hadn't heard that in a while, and she hadn't said it in a while.
So, they found themselves there, with the dappled shadows from the oak above, bent to the wind. She could feel it lift her skirt around her knees, gently up, as if in provocation. She took off her heels using each opposite foot, and dug her feet into the grass. The ground was a little wet from earlier rainfall, and her heels were dirty from sinking into the mud. She sighed, and rested her eyes closed. They'd started upright, but gradually sank against the tree, its weight an anchor, pulling them down to the earth. Each of them felt safe in that moment, as though nothing could touch them, as though the sound of never-ending alarm bells, ringing loud, were suddenly quiet; they were too. Words had left, and it was odd to be so comfortable in silence with someone so soon, and then, she had an idea. It was a bad idea, probably, she thought. Yet, the thought kept creeping into the front of her mind as though it were a notification dinging on her cell phone or an unpaid bill. She wanted to know... She wanted to know if he was of 'that persuasion.'
What she meant was, kinky. She didn't like to think about it too much, it all made her feel a little dirty, but that's also kind of what she liked about it. She needed someone who could match her, who would want to climb up into those clouds with her on some kind of twisted power-trip, and she thought, maybe it's him...
As the surroundings peacefully encased them in the moment, she looked over at him, and he smiled, close to her. It was a warm, kind of toothy smile, with his light green eyes shining. His usually coiffed brown hair was a little messed up from laying in the grass. She noticed that the light around them was dimming a little as a cloud passed overhead. She may not have much time to try at what she wanted.
She wasn't arrogant, but she knew that smile. That was not just a friendly smile. If it was, then, well, he was very friendly indeed. She smiled back, and fought the urge to trace his lips with her fingertips right away.
She'd only recently realized something about herself, that maybe, in her years of searching for her 'kink' or, 'dirty secret,' that maybe she'd been going about it all wrong. Maybe she didn't like to be told what to do, or manhandled, reprimanded. Maybe, though, she'd like to try and do those things. Maybe, she thought, she had a power within her she'd just not yet tried out, like some electric magician's secret hidden within the palms of her hands that absolutely no one knew about yet. So she looked at him, and watched how he looked at her. His eyes were getting big now, almost saucer-like, and his lips parted a little. It was all beginning to make sense to her now, why she'd always liked guys that seemed a little more 'feminine' in high-school. She'd tried girls, and it was okay, she'd liked it even, but she was still searching for that 'special spark.'
As she looked at him, she noticed a deep pink blush starting at his cheeks, and he looked down, adjusting his glasses further up his nose with a finger. She moved just slightly closer to him, and saw him tense, heard his breath catch a little, almost imperceptibly, and she knew she had her answer. She felt a bit like a lioness. At that moment, she wanted to devour him, but she knew that traditionally, that's not what 'girls do,' that it wasn't 'lady-like' or 'proper.' However, she no longer cared about any of that. She'd been through enough to know that those things, those rules, were of no concern to her any longer. They no longer applied.
"Close your eyes," she said to him, smiling a smile which drew the left half of her lips up into a cute dimple.
He looked nervous. He searched her face for a moment, then chuckled a little, seemingly okay with going along with whatever she was trying at.
She liked that.
He rested his eyes. They looked relaxed and were framed by the boxy glasses he wore. She just looked for a moment, trying to summon some courage from deep within herself. She sighed a little, and he smiled at that.
Then, she swung a leg over his lap so she rested there, her skirt pulled up around her knees. Instantly, his eyes flashed open in surprise, and his breathing started hard and fast.
"What- what are you doing?" He laughed, his face turning red.
"Do you want me to get off?" She asked, serious. "I don't want to do anything you don't want to, but I can't resist you. Can you resist me?" She looked him dead in the eyes. He had trouble meeting her gaze, and he was breathing a little raggedly then.
She could feel his cock stir and rise against her thigh, trying to press against the softest part of the thong she'd worn that day, which was getting wet.
"No," he breathed, and his hands found her thighs, trying to grope them. "I don't want you to get off."
She took his hands in hers, stopping their movement. She pulled his arms out and to the side, resting them against the grass.
"Good," she said, laughing a little. It was hard to be completely cool about the situation. Her heart was racing in her chest. "Keep your hands here, if that's okay with you." She was still leaning over him, pinning him to the earth.
He swallowed hard, looking down at her chest. It was suddenly so close to his face, and hard to ignore. She laughed a little at the predictableness of it all, but she was enjoying herself nonetheless.
"If you want to stop me at any time, you can tell me to stop and I will, but I hope it's okay if I want to kiss you and touch you," she said, releasing one arm, hoping he'd play along, and lightly tracing his lips with her thumb.
"Uh-Um," he stammered, "Yeah, okay."
"I've wanted you since I first saw you. Do you know that?" She asked.
"No," he exhaled, eyes wide again.
She traced his jaw, ran her hands through his hair some, and felt at his chest. She let herself grind against his lap a little, and the friction was making it hard to concentrate on just what she wanted to do, but she summoned all the confidence she had to continue.
"You're beautiful," he said.
She laughed a cascading laugh. "Thank you," she said, "So are you."
He laughed, looking away a little, seemingly unsure of what to make of the compliment.
She put her fingers to his mouth again, and she was very pleased when he opened his mouth for them, licking at them softly and gently. She breathed out audibly.
"Do you want me?" She asked, hopeful.
He nodded in response, accompanied by little pitiful moans of lust.
"Do you want to touch me?" She asked.
His left arm started to move, but she caught it and held it at the wrist.
"I want to kiss you. You don't have to kiss me back hard. I want to kiss you the way I want to kiss you," she said, hoping he got her meaning. She let him continue sucking at her finger for a moment, then removed it slowly.
He smiled brightly, and she felt a strange bright glow beneath her ribs, a taste of excitement. She was stunned that she liked it as much as she did, which was to say, that she loved it.
She leaned in, and kissed him, gently. His lips barely moved against hers, and she liked being able to control the speed and depth of the kiss. He couldn't help trying to press his hips deeply against her, trying to move against the fabric of her panties. She lifted up just slightly so he could barely feel her, instead.
She sucked at his bottom lip, and then kissed him harder, asking for him to open to her completely, and he did. He grunted lightly, in frustration, she supposed. She felt a rush like lightning in her stomach. She'd never felt this hot, this electric, before. He started to kiss back helplessly, trying to suck at her lips as she'd done to him.
Breaking the kiss, she leaned back and rested her full weight against his crotch. Then she took his hands, leading them over her stomach, resting them gently on her breasts. He instinctually began to knead and grab, but she shook her head and stilled them.
"No, just place them there. Don't grab. Let them rest here," she said, guiding them to the apex of her full, high breasts. They slipped around a little as she moved against him.
"I like you," she told him.
"I-I like you, too," he said, staring now full-on at her breasts. He licked his lips quickly, and they were both imagining the same thing, his tender tongue swirling against one of her pert nipples. His glasses slid a little down his nose.
"We better be careful, though. We can't fuck in a public park, I don't think. I think that's illegal. Isn't it?" She asked, her eyes glowing devilishly.
The reality of the situation seemed to dawn on him, and he got a little serious, looking around, though there was no one there. She found it humorous.
"Yes, yes I think you're right about that," he replied. It sounded as though his mouth were dry.
"But, you'd still like to feel up my tits, wouldn't you? And you'd like to feel between my legs and see how wet I am, wouldn't you?" She asked, teasing the very tip of his cock, hovering her hips above him and moving in a slow, undulating motion, like gentle lapping waves.
He inhaled sharply, and just looked at her. She found his innocent expression cute. She wanted to tear him to pieces. She wondered at herself: what have I become? What am I doing? But, then the answers didn't matter anymore, as she saw his face turn red and to the side, moaning in pleasure and exasperation.
"You like that, don't you?" She lowered herself a little more, stroking him through his pants. She could feel the entire length of him, and she wanted all of him inside her, but she'd have to let him earn it. That's how she wanted him. "Here," she said, reaching between her legs, "You can taste if you like."
His eyes went even wider. He seemed to become one with the ground. She felt in total control, and was pleased that he'd obeyed her command, that his hands had stayed still, though they were shaking a little. She felt between her legs. She moaned out a little, as she was hot and slippery, like she was in heat. She dipped a finger into herself, and then, quickly, put it in front of him.
"Do you want to taste me?" She asked, sounding innocent, and now really riding him.
"Uh.. Uh-huh," he said, finding words difficult at the moment.
"Good boy," she said, and slipped her finger back in his mouth.
His nostrils flared as he seemed to try and sense as much of her as he could. He moaned and tried to buck into her.
She laughed a little. "Do you like that? Do you like how I taste?"
"Mhmmm," he replied, still tasting.
She pulled out her finger and leaned back in, kissing him deeply. She took his hands from her breasts and brought them around to rest on her ass and ample thighs. He tried at pulling up her skirt in the back, but she sat up away from the kiss and stopped that.
"Just keep them there, don't move them. Just rest them here," she said, instructing him once more. She rested them at the cusp, just where her ass and thighs met.
"Unghh, what are you doing to me?" He asked, genuinely seeming bewildered.
"Silly boy," she said, punctuating her remark with a brief touch on his nose, "I'm doing whatever I want with you. Do you like it?"
"Yes," he said, "But I'm so hard I think my dick might explode." He laughed, having trouble keeping eye contact with her.
"Look at me," she said.
He did, hesitantly at first, but then locked in with her, steadily. That made a moan escape her, and she dipped her hands below to his crotch, rubbing his cock through his pants.
"No, keep looking at me," she said, and he returned her gaze after the distraction. She continued this for some time, till he was breathing very heavily and looking a little dazed. His hands now dug into the flesh of her ass, but she allowed it.
She sat back a bit, and undid the zipper of his pants, then pulled down his boxers, and his cock sprung out to greet her.
"Well hello there," she said coyly, and slipped her soft hand over his shaft. His eyes rolled back closed. "Somebody's happy to meet me." She stroked him for a few moments, pumping up and down, slowly increasing pressure. He arched his back toward her, and then she took her hand away.
His eyes opened in surprise, not expecting it to end so soon. He was groaning gently, and rocking his hips up at her.
"Please," he said.
"Please what?" She asked. "What ever are you asking for?"
He cleared his throat, digging his fingers into her soft round butt. He looked around, nervous.
"Please what?" She repeated.
"Please, let me fuck you." He said, and his cheeks were crimson.
She laughed her cascading laugh again. "Hmm. Now why would I let you do that?"
He looked puzzled, and searched her face for answers, but all he saw was a devious smile.
"Please, I'll- I'll fuck you well, I'll fuck you good. Please-" He tried to bring her roughly toward his cock that was now throbbing, pulsing with need.
She didn't respond, instead taking one of his hands from her ass and placing it against her pussy.
"Make me come," she said.
He swallowed hard, his adams apple bobbing up and then settling back down.
"Here," she said somewhat sarcastically, "I'll show you how." She slid his hands under her panties. He breathed out hard when he felt how wet she was, and how warm. "Put your fingers in me," she ordered. "Don't be shy."
He did, first one digit and then two. He arched his fingers toward himself in a 'come-hither' movement. She moaned.
"That's good," she said, closing her eyes and turning her face skyward, "But do it like this. I want it like this." She took his palm and showed him how she wanted it, so that he was fucking her with his fingers, in and out, and deeply, as deep as his fingers could fit. She bucked her hips, and now her face was red, and he could see the pleasure on her face as it came over her.
They continued that for a moment, and then she roughly moved his fingers out of her and onto her clit. He rubbed around, feeling for it.
"Like this," she said, taking his middle finger and putting it on the right spot, where she lessened his pressure and started with circular movements all over it. She moaned loudly.
Internally, he could not believe this was happening. He was in a complete daze, and he was often distracted as he rubbed at her, since his cock was pressing against her thigh, and her movements were getting to him. She looked amazing to him at that moment.
After a little bit, her mouth dropped open, and her eyes closed tightly. He could feel her come as she'd put his fingers from his other hand deep inside her. Her pussy clenched around them. It was the hottest thing he thought he'd probably ever experienced.
As she settled, he hoped she'd fuck him then. He was painfully aroused.
She settled her hips over him, and traced around the tip of his cock with her slick pussy. He groaned and tried to bring her down onto it.
Instead, she moved her hands between his legs and started jerking it. He was practically flailing underneath her, and it didn't take long til he was on the precipice of coming.
"Are you gonna come for me?" She asked him, wild-eyed.
"Yes, yes I'm-- I'm gonna-" He couldn't finish the sentence. He came hard, spraying all over between her thighs and against her pussy. His eyes rolled back with the strength of his orgasm and he gripped her ass hard, trying to get it inside her.
When he came back down to earth, he was suddenly aware of their public exposure and felt very nervous. He looked at her, and she looked very pleased with herself. Luckily, the area was still only theirs. No one else had decided to go off the beaten path that afternoon. He was glad of it.
"Look at you," she said. "You made quite the mess." She laughed.
He suddenly felt very embarrassed.
"It's okay," she said, and leaned in to kiss him once more. She let it be sweet, and let him kiss her back. She reached over to her purse that was sitting a bit away from them, and, retrieving some tissues, cleaned up any evidence of what had transpired. She pulled his boxers back up and re-zipped his pants. She let him know he was free to move again by softly moving his hands to the top of her thighs. She pulled her skirt back down.
"Did you like that?" She asked, hopeful, a little bit shy. She had never felt so hot and bothered before, and she thought maybe that was the most powerful orgasm she'd ever had, but she didn't want to admit that to him, at least, not if it were to never happen again.
"Yes, yes, yes I loved that," he replied, playing with the curls of her hair. He looked enraptured.
And, she knew, they were going to have a lot of fun. She'd found someone to experiment with, to try her new powers on.