Most of these stories are standalone, so you don't have to read them all. This one, however, follows on the day after Pt 18, and calls back to Pt 11.
---
We woke up all entangled in each other, and lay there with me stroking her tits for a while. When we decided it was time to get up, we showered and got dressed. I dressed in shorts and a T-shirt, Sue in her slutty schoolgirl outfit from last night, minus the socks. She did do a couple of buttons up on the shirt though, rather than tie the ends together. She was all ready to head home, but I suggested we go and get some breakfast together. She seemed nervous, due to her outfit.
We walked downstairs, and Sue dashed over to her car and came back with her handcuffs. I put them in my pocket, then we walked to the cafe near my place, and grabbed sandwiches and coffee to go, then headed to the park for a little picnic. We sat on one of the benches watching the people go by. Before I gave her her sandwich, I suggested she give me her thong, and she stood up and slid it down her legs, sat down and took it over her feet, then handed it to me. Her knees were clamped together, and her bare butt was on the seat.
She nibbled at her sandwich and sipped her coffee, looking around nervously.
"You look the same to everybody without the thong as you did before you took it off," I said.
"Yes," she said, "but they watched me take it off, so now they know I'm not wearing it."
I thought that was a fair point, and I could see some people were watching us to see what was going to happen next.
"How about you take off your bra," I suggested.
"OK," she said, "will you unhook me so it's not so obvious?"
I reached behind her and unhooked her bra.
She pulled one arm out of the strap at a time, with a short time gap between each. I think she was hoping to do it so nobody noticed, but people were watching her, and they noticed the red bra coming out of the white shirt. She gave it to me, and I put it in a pocket.
When we were finished, I went and threw the trash away, and we carried on walking down the trail.
"I'm pretty turned on right now," she said, "but I don't know that I want to do anything wild out here in broad daylight."
"OK," I said, "let's see what happens."
She took the lead, and we walked away from the open spaces. As we got into the scrub land, she opened her shirt, so her tits were on display. When we were well off the trail, and there was nobody in sight, she took her shirt off and handed it to me while we carried on walking. She stopped and pulled me to her, giving me a passionate kiss, and reminded me about the hand cuffs. I put them on her, with her hands behind her back, then we carried on for a while.
She wanted me to take her skirt off, but I suggested something else. There was a velcro strip around the waist band, and I tightened it, meaning it rode higher on her hips so her butt was now visible from the rear.
Eventually we gave up on the skirt, and I took it off too. I could see we were approaching some of the mountain bike and horse trails, and I pointed them out to her. We could see a couple of bicyclists in the distance headed this way, and she decided to flash them. Well, it wasn't really flashing, she just stood there at the side of the trail as they came up on her.
"Hello there," said the first guy, stopping, "what have we here?"
His friend stopped behind him, and asked if she was OK.
"Yes," she said, "I'm just on a dare to walk around out here naked."
"And the hand cuffs?" he asked.
"Part of the dare," she said.
"What do you get for doing it?" said the second guy.
"I get to suck your cocks," she said.
Without any further ado, they were off their bicycles and pulling their shorts down.
"Naked," she said, "like me."
"He's not naked," said the first guy, pointing at me.
"He's not getting his cock sucked," she said.
They stripped off, struggling with their shoes, until they were both naked in front of her. She awkwardly knelt down in front of them both. She started sucking one, then the other.
We were still on the trail, and I saw another cyclist in the distance, coming our way.
Sue was sucking the first guy for about a minute, then leaving him to jack off at her while sucking the second guy for about a minute, then swapping back. Just as the second guy came in her mouth, the other cyclist arrived.
Sue spat the guy's cum out, and concentrated on the first guy.
"What's going on?" said the girl on the new bicycle. I could swear I recognized her from somewhere, but I couldn't place her.
"She's on a dare," said the second guy, pulling on his shorts.
I watched Sue finish the first guy off, spitting out his cum on the trail. I helped her get up and reached over to wipe the dust and little stones from her knees.
"Are you OK?" asked the girl.
"Never better," said Sue with a smile.
The second guy was dressed by now, and stood waiting for his friend to get dressed too. They both seemed a little embarrassed to have this girl show up when they were naked, so they left pretty much as soon as they were dressed.
"So do you mind telling me what that was about?" said the girl. I realized it was the girl who'd delivered pizza to Sue's, so her name was Rachel. They were both acting like they didn't recognize each other, but I was pretty sure they did. Of course, Rachel had no idea that I'd seen her before.
"I dared myself to walk around here hand cuffed and naked," said Sue, giving a little twirl, "and as a reward, I got to suck off anybody who sees me."
"Really?"
"Really."
"And what's your part in all this?" she asked me.
"I'm here to carry her clothes," I said. "And let her out of the hand cuffs when she's done."
"You're not going to take advantage of her?" she asked me.
"I don't think I could," I said.
"Well," said Rachel after a short pause, "I saw you. Are you going to suck me off?"
This was a new direction for Sue, as far as I was aware she'd never been with another girl. She'd talked about it, but I didn't think she'd ever done more than talk.
"Um," she said, "I hadn't planned on it, but I guess a dare's a dare. You'll have to be naked though, like they were and I am."
"OK, but not here," said Rachel.
"No," said Sue, "right here."
I could see her thinking about it. She looked about to see if there was anybody around, and started undressing. Once she'd pulled her sports bra off, I could see she had nice tits, and when her shorts came down, there was a neatly trimmed pussy. When she was completely naked, she reached over and felt Sue's tits for a short while, like she had when she delivered pizza to Sue's.
"Come on then," she said, "before anybody sees us."
Sue knelt down in front of Rachel, who moved to her so Sue could reach her pussy with her tongue. Sue gingerly started licking at her slit, and Rachel moved her feet apart to give her better access. I could see Sue running her tongue along her lips, and swiping her clit from time to time.
Rachel looked at me, standing there and staring at them, and said "don't just stand there, slap my tits."
I must have looked confused, as she said "slap them!"
I stepped forward and pinched her hardening nipples, then gave her a little slap.
"Harder!" she said, slapping her tits really, really hard and leaving red hand prints.
I slapped her again, a little harder, but not as hard as she'd slapped herself.
"Harder!" she said, so I did, a little harder.
I could see a couple more bicyclists coming up, so I stepped back. They were almost on us when Rachel saw them, and she panicked, stepping away from Sue and behind her.
It was too late to hide - they pulled up and stopped, and the nearest of them said "don't stop on our account, girls."
Rachel was covering herself with her hands, and Sue said "they've already seen you, you might as well come back and let's get you finished. You guys be quiet."
She stepped back in front of Sue, and let her carry on licking her out, and the two guys and I just stood there and watched. After a few more minutes, she told me to slap her tits again, and I did. Shortly after that, she pulled Sue's face right into her pussy and came. Sue sat on her heels, tiredly.
Rachel moved around behind Sue again, waiting to see what was going to happen now.
"Do you guys want your cocks sucked?" asked Sue, brightly.
The guys came over, eagerly pulling their shorts down, and Sue said "naked like us."
They stripped off, and Sue started sucking the first one who was ready. Rachel stayed behind her, but didn't move to get dressed yet. Sue was bobbing her head forwards and backwards on the guy's dick, and he came pretty quickly. She spat his cum out, then turned to the next guy. He stepped forward and offered her his dick, and she took it in her mouth and sucked him until he came too. She spat out his cum.
The guys thanked us, dressed and left. I helped Sue up again, and dusted her off.
"Why are you doing this?" Rachel asked.
"Because it turns me the fuck on," said Sue.
"Really? Those guys just used you for sex."
"I used them - and you used me too. I like it like this - I'm in control, and I can let them cum or not."
"I suppose," she said. "But when do you get to cum?"
"Now, I reckon," said Sue, "that's what he's here for," she nodded at me.
"Can I watch?"
"I'd love it if you did," she said with a grin.
Sue came over to me, and I could see she was really turned on. I pulled her to me and manhandled her tits, pinching her nipples. I sucked each one into my mouth, getting them really hard, then I held her hips and knelt down in front of her.
"You don't have to do this," said Sue.
"But I'm going to," I said.
She was sopping wet - I ran my tongue through her slit and around her clit a few times, and she started cumming.
"Stop, please," she gasped, so I stopped and stood up, wiping my face with her shirt.
She turned away from me, bending at the waist.
"Do me now," she almost begged.
I undid my jeans and pulled them and my underwear down, and stepped over to Sue, impaling her with my dick. She started cumming again almost immediately, and I held her hips while I stroked into her.
After a few minutes of this, she said "I want you in my mouth," and pulled off me, kneeling down in front of me. I pointed my dick at her, and she hungrily engulfed it with her mouth, running her tongue all around the head before taking as much in her mouth as she could.
A few minutes later, she let go, and told me to fuck her face, then put my dick back in her mouth. I held the sides of her head, and thrust into her mouth, battering the back of her throat until I came. I let go of her, and she swallowed it all. I stood back and pulled up my jeans. I helped her up, and Rachel came over and embraced her, kissing her passionately. She was still naked.
"That was the hottest thing I've ever seen," she said. "How often are you out here?"
"This is the first, and probably only time," said Sue. "I don't know that I'll want to do this again for a while."
"Pity," she said, "I'd like to see you again."
I got out a pen. "You could always give her your number," I said, handing it to her.
"Do you have anything to write on?" she asked.
I shook my head. "Write it on her tits," I suggested.
She wrote "Rachel" and her number on Sue's left tit, just above the nipple.
"What are you doing now?" she asked, starting to get dressed.
"Getting dressed, I think," said Sue, turning to me so I could undo her cuffs.
I put the cuffs back in my pocket as Sue rubbed her wrists, then asked for her skirt. She put that on with the waist band a little tight, so it was short, and took her shirt off my shoulder, putting that on too. She tied it under her tits. I still had her underwear in my pocket, but she didn't seem bothered by that.
When Rachel was dressed, she said "wow, you walked out here dressed like that?"
"I walked the most of the way here dressed how you found me," said Sue. "This is just how we left his place."
I didn't feel the need to correct her.
"We should be going," Sue told me, "I have places to go and things to do today."
We said our goodbyes to Rachel, and walked back to the park.
As we walked, I said "So, Rachel in the park eh, what are the chances?"
"Just a lucky coincidence, I guess," she said, with a smile.
We walked through the public park with Sue in no underwear, with her miniskirt showing the bottom of her butt and her shirt tied under her tits. Her hair was a mess, too, so it was pretty clear she'd just been fucked, but it was unlikely anybody would guess at how many times.
She came in and cleaned her teeth, then came and kissed me passionately, pulling herself into me.
I gave her back her underwear, and she dressed as best she could before heading home.