My wife, Kathy, is a very sexy female. Her waistline and hips are larger than the Barbie ideal, and her 35 B bust is smaller in regard to proportion. She is not unnaturally thin. She complains that she does not think of herself as sexy, but I assure her that I do. Yet, she knows that she gathers appreciative stares from men as she walks down the street. Yes, I do believe that Kathy complains about her body to mask her genuine delight.
Kathy obviously enjoys men's attention, because she rarely ever wears a bra. Her breasts are full and round, and her tiny nipple stand upright, pointed, and hard on her breasts. She favors thin cotton tops that tightly hug her breasts. Her hard nipples strain against the thin cotton. I love walking with her, holding her hand, watching strangers stare openly at her breasts through the thin fabric of her top. She pretends not to notice, but she stands a little taller and arches her back when they notice. To be honest, it was her pointy nipples that first attracted me. They still do. However, she received more from other men than just their eyes.
It was Kathy's idea that we start writing and posting our erotic adventures online. That came after she finally confessed her love of exposing herself to strangers and her occasional infidelities, both with me participating and on her own. I knew that she loved this sexual freedom, but she was never able to admit or discuss that exciting side of her. Now, writing and sharing our stories allows her take exhibitionism to the next level. She volunteered to share the writing duties. She chose to share the following story as a way to introduce us.
Kathy and I planned a five-day, four-night vacation in New York. Our itinerary included Broadway, dinner, dancing, a romantic getaway and "adult" time. She had already purchased several sexy dresses for our formal affairs, but she had not yet bought new lingerie to go with her outfits. I wanted some new items for playtime in the hotel as well.
Kathy often flirts with Mark, our mutual good friend. We worked together at one point in time and shared a variety of intimacies including partying together, vacationing together, and spending many weekends as a threesome. Kathy enjoys Mark's company and is comfortable with him as an intimate friend. He moved to New York a few years ago, and we spend nights with him from time to time.
Kathy procrastinates whenever possible, and she had not been lingerie shopping even though our trip to the city was drawing closer. I was headed out of town to spend four days at the NASCAR races in Charlotte, NC. I suggested that she call Mark to see if she could visit him in New York and complete her shopping while I was gone. "Maybe," she said, "don't push me."
I left for Charlotte with no idea what Kathy's plans might be. "Let me know what you decide." I said as I caught the airport limo.
My iPhone buzzed late that evening alerting me to an incoming text. "I'm at Mark's," the text read. "He is taking me shopping tomorrow."
************
Kathy picks up her story:
My husband, Dennis, and I have been together over twenty years now. We are deeply in love with each other, yet we find that we keep our lives fresh with occasional sexual adventures that we find mutually satisfying. Although it is not easy to admit, I love men watching me. I even become distracted while fantasizing about what they are imagining doing to me.
Sometimes, Dennis and I indulge my fantasies. Sometimes we engage in a threesome together, and sometimes I indulge my appetites with another man without Dennis being present. Yet, I never engage in these sexual escapades without my husband's knowledge, and I share every detail with him afterwards. I had many sexual partners (boy friends, live-in lovers, and one night stands) before I met Dennis. His experiences were more limited than mine, equally so were his fantasies. But telling him stories about my previous lovers got him hard, which excited me. We moved in together not long after we started dating. We married two years later.
Mark took a fancy to me not long after we started working together. His office was next to mine, so we saw a lot of each other. My husband was on Mark's hiring committee, and the three of us quickly became good friends. We often had Mark over to our house for dinner, and he spent the night whenever we had too much wine, and good times went late into the night. So, Dennis thinks we should write about some of our adventures with Mark. I do get so excited that I throb and wet my panties when I relive some of those nights. However, I want to tell the story of our most experience with Mark.
Mark had moved to New York, so we saw him infrequently. I know Dennis missed our intimate threesome, as did I. We are all good friends, and we have a good time whether or not sex is involved. One night while having sex, Dennis teased me about visiting Mark when he left for his NASCAR weekend. It was part of our sexual foreplay, but he got me thinking about how long it had been. Feeding his fantasy about me being with Mark would be better than phone sex, so I decided to give my husband something to keep him hard with thoughts about me while he was on the road.
Mark was delighted to have me visit. Although he did have a foldout couch, Dennis and I slept with Mark in his king size bed when we visited. There were times that I would have sex with one alone or both of them together, and there we times that we just slept. That is what Mark and I did the first night; we went to sleep without even touching. I was tempted. Then, despite the size of the bed, I awoke to find myself embraced by Mark's arms and his morning erection pushing against my ass. I wiggled my butt to let him know how much I was enjoying his hardness against me. That was all we did, except that he kissed me softly before rising to make us breakfast.
Mark and I discussed our plans for the day while eating at his kitchen table. He sat in his boxers while I wore my soft flannel pjs; tank top with shorty shorts. Hardly an erotic picture, we were more like an old married couple. I sent Dennis a text to let him know I was at Mark's to go lingerie shopping. After all, it was his idea, and I knew it would get his imagination going while at the races.
Dennis texted me back immediately. "Let me know what you buy. Send pics. XXO"
I showered and dressed while Mark did the dishes. Then, I made his bed while he showered and dressed just like an old married couple, only it was our best friend instead of my husband. Because I planned to try on clothes, I dressed in a thin, pink linen blouse, no bra, pink cotton panties, white jeans, and sandals. Easy to take off and put back on in a fitting room.
We arrived at a small, intimate, and chic lingerie store near Mark's apartment around noon. The stores sign out front advertised the free services of a bra-fitting consultant in honor of breast health awareness. I wanted bras as well as some special outfits. Mark and I made our way to the rows of bras, and there we found the fitting consultant. I didn't mention it to Mark, but I thought there were an unusual number of unaccompanied men browsing around the store.
The woman asked me a few questions about my favorite brand names and then, motioned for me to accompany her into a fitting room behind her workstation. "Your husband can come to," she said with a smile.
Before Mark could speak up, I grabbed his hand and replied, "Come on honey. It will be fun."
I slowly unbuttoned each button before removing my blouse. Mark had seen me naked on many occasions, but never with a stranger present, much less a brassiere specialist. She ran a tape measure around my chest just below my breasts. She asked Mark to hold one end just below the midpoint between them while she checked that it was properly positioned.
She said I should be wearing a bra for insuring accuracy, but my breasts have so little sag that she could make a measurement without one. She then showed Mark how she wanted the tape measure to rest on top of my nipples while she took the measurement at my back. I have never seen him so nervous while touching my breasts and nipples. It was all I could do to keep from laughing.
The consultant then selected a bra according to her calculations and helped me put it on as Mark watched on. We took turns feeling its fit, and she even hefted my breasts to see if they should sit higher in the cups. She talked about the fit and comfort as she explained that I am a 35 C, not B. "Maybe I've gained a few pounds," I confessed aloud.
I knew that Mark was warming up, because he dresses to the left. He was clutching my purse over that side of his pants. Now, it was time to select outfits. We started with a selection of see-thru and shelf bras. Since I generally go braless, I explained to Mark that I wanted something light that allowed my nipples to be visible when hard or something that keeps them free but provides uplift to increase my cleavage.
My everyday panties are cotton and provide full coverage for my butt to decrease a visible panty line. But for dress-up and play, I wanted something small, high cut, and sexy even though I prefer nothing at all. I generally don't like the feel of a strap down my butt crack, so I generally shy away from thongs. I was intrigued with the variety of "cage back" panties that acted like a thong without the butt floss. They also had a strange Spanish panty with a lace waistband and a double strand of black pearls that between the labia with two larger pearls over the clitoris. Intriguing and expensive, so it would have to wait for another time.
Mark decided to wait outside the dressing room by the mirrors along with several other men. At least one was waiting for a woman to try on various items. I selected a lacy, red shelf bra that outlined the breast without a cup and a matching panty to try first. The small dressing room mirror was useless. I had a hard time seeing the effect of the cage back over my cotton panties, so I stepped out to examine the look in the larger mirrors. That got Mark's attention.
I knew the effect I would have on the men in the waiting area. I must admit that I love exposing myself to strangers, and I know it excites my husband as well. Too bad he was at the races, but Mark was here to share my thrills. Mark likes watching me, but my husband likes watching other men watching me. That thrill of sharing my exposure as Dennis watches really heightens the experience for me.
My nipples were erect and hard when I stepped out of the changing booth. My pussy was tingling with excitement. Thankfully, my cotton panties kept me from wetting the pair of panties I was modeling.
"Do you think my butt looks good with the red straps crossing my cheeks?" I asked Mark as I turned and posed in the mirror. One man stared intently at my ass. "Do you like what you see?" I asked him as well.
Mark rose and stood beside me. He ran his hand over my butt. His touch felt like a sharp jolt of static electricity as his familiarity in front of the strangers began to excite me even more. He kissed me softly on the lips while he cupped my butt cheek. "Yes!" he panted. "Definitely." He brushed his fingers over my bare nipples. My breasts were pushed up and out by the cups. "I like the whole outfit. Your husband will be pleased," he spoke loud enough for the others to hear.
I blushed, but he knew it would turn me on even more when my admirers learned he was not my husband. Dennis loves me playing this game. "How could I involve him?" I wondered to myself.
Back in the fitting room, I tried on a white sheer bra and matching panties. I added them to my purchase pile, along with a similar set in black for my "casual" wear on the trip. I love surprising my husband with new lingerie on our getaways.
I slipped my blouse back on, leaving it unbuttoned except for one at the middle of my belly. I examined myself in the mirror. The fabric barely reached down to my panties. My breasts were covered, but the blouse gaped open enough to expose them when I walked, turned, or bent over. I smiled at myself knowing it was just the right effect to tease the men (as well as the women) browsing the store.
I stepped out of the changing room and told Mark we needed to find a bustier with garter straps for my wardrobe. I took his arm, and he guided away from the changing area. Another sales lady approached us quickly and asked if she could help us. I was afraid she would object to my state of undress. Instead, she unbuttoned my one button and opened my blouse, running her hands over my breasts in the process.
I blushed as she ran her eyes over my chest and down my legs. She smiled and led me by the hand to the bustiers and camisoles. She held them up to Mark for his assessment. Whether by accident or not, her hands brushed my nipples with each garment that she held up to me for Mark's approval.
"You are beautiful," she whispered in my ear. "And, good for business. These men who come to watch the ladies buy something to assuage their guilt and prove to themselves that they are not lecherous voyeurs. They have purchased some expensive items today.
"So you know them?" I asked.
"Yes, they come here hoping to catch an exhibitionist such as you. I assume it turns you on to have them watch you?"
"Yes," I paused a moment and continued softly, "I am excited."
"Keep it up and put on a good show, and I will give you ten percent off on your purchases today. Sluts like you are good for our business," she laughed.
Her reply shocked me for a moment, but then I laughed as well. Mark and I selected several outfits with her "assistance." One bustier laced up the front; practical when I am dressing myself and want to surprise my husband. Another had ribbons and hooks running down the back and would require assistance to don properly. Yes, I know you can put it on backwards and then turn it around, but I like sexy dressing as foreplay at times. Besides, it must be done from the back to get it really tight. That is the goal to best lift and emphasize my breasts.
I asked Mark to join me in the fitting room and help fasten me up. Of course he agreed. I removed my blouse and folded it across my pants. Then I had a flash of inspiration. I removed my panties as well and placed them on top of my blouse.
"Take my picture with your phone and send it to Dennis. That will give him a thrill knowing it is coming from you. Plus, he will realize you have the pictures of his wife," I instructed as I turned sideways to Mark.
"Frame the picture so you see my clothes, my profile, and enough of the bustier I am holding to let him know I am naked and trying on lingerie. I don't want him to see the details of what I am buying, but I want him to know you are seeing and helping me. The outfits are a surprise for him, but I want him to know you saw them first."
Mark and I selected an image from the dozen or so he shot. Some showed more than I wanted reveal, but he didn't delete them. I didn't mind him keeping those rejects for his own collection. He typed in my husband's phone number, and I entered the message, "Shopping with Mark. I love you. K." Mark pressed send. I pulled the red, lace-covered bustier around my hips and turned my back to Mark so he could hook it up.
My phone buzzed. It was my husband's text. "Wow! Have fun. Kiss Mark for me." He added a smiley face. A cliché, but cute.
Mark pulled the laces tight, compressing my stomach in at my waist and pushing my breasts up and out. The lacy half cups cradled them just below my nipples. My now-tiny waist emphasized the roundness of my ass, which will be nicely framed with the garters attached to stockings.
"Let's check it in the mirrors." I announced as I pulled the curtain back.
Mark followed me, and I could feel his eyes on my bare butt. The voyeurs' eyes were bugging out. I am sure they thought they had died and gone heaven. The other woman had already stepped out of the fitting room, and she watched me pass. She had on a camisole and jeans. She went back behind the curtain and returned a few minutes later without the jeans. She walked over and stood with her boyfriend while I checked myself in the mirrors. She was younger and cute, but I was definitely sexier.
The sales lady pulled me to the side and told me one of the regulars had asked her if I had picked out stockings. "Not yet," I told him and added that you would probably will after selecting your bustiers. Well, he asked me to tell you that he will buy you a pair of our most expensive pair of silk stockings if you allow him to put them on you. "He picked these out for you." She handed me the stockings and pointed him out.
He was older, but still cute. In fact, I find older men to be very attractive. So I took the stockings and walked over to him. I said nothing. I handed him the stockings, and then I placed a foot in his lap and wiggled it against his crotch.
He lifted my foot in his hand while holding my gaze. Then he slowly ran his eyes from my toes, up my leg to rest on my vulva. I felt a soft throbbing and could feel the wetness forming in my vagina. I could feel my labia begin to swell and open as he caressed my calf.
He put my foot back in his lap as he rolled one stocking up quite skillfully before slipping it over my toes. I could feel his cock swelling under my toes. He unrolled the stocking slowly up my leg gently caressing my entire leg with both hands. He leaned his head forward to grasp the garter strap and I could feel his breath on my vulva. He allowed his baby finger to touch one of my outer lips while attaching the clasp. Then he put my foot down, placed his hands on my waist, and turned me around. He ran his hand over my butt cheek before attaching the back strap. He repeated this ritual with my other leg. After fastening the last strap, he leaned forward and quickly kissed my ass. "Sealed with a kiss," I thought.
I felt like I might swoon, so I had to steady myself by placing my hand on his shoulder. I had never allowed a random stranger to touch me like that. I had never accepted something in exchange.
I had taken my exhibitionist fantasies to a new level. Sure other men had touched me, even had sex with me, but they were all men I knew, fancied, and selected myself. I thought about how excited Dennis would be when I shared "my day" with him. Mark took my hand and led me back to the mirrors.
The younger lady was stepping out once again. "I wish I was as brave as you," she said as we passed. "That was so hot!" she exclaimed wistfully.
Mark and I repeated the actions with another outfit, and another voyeur offered to buy me stockings. He received the same courtesy, and his ritual was very similar. However, he kissed the top of my pussy before finishing the garter straps. Now experienced, I had no sense of swooning but held his gaze assuredly.
Afterwards, we selected a baby doll nighty. Mark said he wanted to buy something for me to wear that night for him. I agreed. He selected a sheer black nightgown. It was ankle length, but open in the back. Two silver, miniature neck torcs looped through the material that went over the nipples. Two ribbons tied at the back at breast level. The tension of the ribbons caused my nipples to become erect from the stimulation, which kept the ornaments in place.
A second tie at waist level pulled the sheer fabric tight to form a bodice while the remaining material flared out over the hips. The effect, while elegant from the front, was nearly obscene from the rear as my ass peaked out looking ready to be fucked.
I was ready to return to Mark's apartment.
********
Dennis adds his perspective while in Charlotte:
I was at a local sports bar drinking with my racing buddies when my phone buzzed with Kathy's text telling me she was at Mark's. I had to remind myself that she is only doing what I encouraged her to do. She really likes Mark, and they have fun together. It seems they are always laughing about something. I knew she would be sleeping in his bed, but the three of us shared the same bed on several occasions. Kathy likes having the two of us on either side of her, not to mention the pleasures induced by multiple hands and cocks.
Yes, I did toss and turn that night imagining what Mark and Kathy might be doing. I did have a laugh with Kathy when I later learned that the two of them simply enjoyed a good nights sleep while my imagination ran wild.
I was thrilled when I received her text that they were going lingerie shopping for our upcoming trip. I trust that Mark, and I share the same notion of sexy clothing. I couldn't wait to see what she was selecting, and I asked her to send pictures. The next text I received was from Mark with a message from my wife. "Shit! He's with her in the fitting room!?" I exclaimed to myself.
I was suddenly uncomfortable, but I also began to get an erection. I had to get up and walk around. I wished the race would start early so I could get my mind on the race rather than thinking about Mark with Kathy as she tried on lingerie that was meant to excite me.
Then hours passed with no additional texts or even a phone call. To be fair, Kathy knew better than to call me during the race. The roar of the engines muffled the vibrations and sounds of an incoming text. Yet, I finally succumbed to my impatience and texted Kathy, "Send me a picture of the sexiest outfit, and you can keep the others a surprise."
***********
Kathy resumes her narrative from New York:
I laughed out loud when I got the text from Dennis. He is so cute, always impatient like a kid before Christmas. "Can I open just one? Please...just one?" I handed my phone to Mark and told him we needed to think of a good reply.
"I know just what to do," Mark announced. "Go into the bedroom, take your clothes off, and get on the bed."
I crawled in the nude to the middle of the bed. Mark arranged the individual lingerie bags around me. He left patches of color exposed here, a strap hanging out there, but nothing to reveal what was in each bag. I leaned on one elbow in a provocative pose; my legs were open and inviting. Mark took several photos.
Then Mark helped me to roll over, and he put a pillow under my hips to elevate my butt. Again, he shot a number of photos from different angles. We selected the best to send to Mark. I didn't ask him to delete the rejects, and I mentally noted that he did not. Mark sent them to Dennis with no comment.
I received a text from Dennis on my phone a few moments later, "LOL."
I thought about remaining naked for the rest of the day, but Mark was anxious to see me in "his" outfit. Unwrapping it, I examined the nipple torcs more closely. They were silver, patterned after Celtic neck torcs. I wondered how they were supposed to remain around the nipple. Then I discovered that they were bendable. I placed one around my nipple and pinched it tight. An electric jolt shot through my nipple, and I felt a pulse in my loins. "Oh shit!" I thought as I attached the second torc to my other nipple. My pussy began to throb even harder. "These wicked toys will keep me on edge and horny all night!" I told Mark.
"Hold the gown to your breasts and I will tie the straps," Mark directed as he helped me finish dressing. Then he stepped back to admire me in his gift.
The sheer, black cloth draped over me while allowing my naked form to be clearly seen. Lace accents added a touch of elegance. I wore a pair of black high heels to complete the look. I always feel sexy in heels, even if they are the only articles of clothing I am wearing. The back opened to leave my ass on full display. Matching panties came with the gown, but I felt sexier being exposed and available.
Mark approved the look and swept me into a kiss. He poured us each a cognac and dimmed the lights. He opened his curtains. His view of the city was limited, but the glow of city lights added warmth to the room. If the residents of the apartment buildings opposite his window cared to look, they could watch us as he drew me to himself and began a slow dance to the romantic music that he started with his remote. I melted into his arms and returned his kiss as we slowly swayed to the music.
Mark understood my love of being seen. The uncertainty of who might be watching, if anyone, enhanced the tingling sweeping through my body. I thrilled at the thought that a faceless stranger was watching his hand run over my exposed butt. His strokes over my body through the gown pulled on the torc, which squeezed tighter around my nipples. Each tug sent a jolt of electricity travelling through my belly and arching out of my clitoris. The exquisite stimulation took me to the verge of orgasm.
I urged Mark to shed his clothes. I wanted to feel his body against me; his skin sliding beneath my fingers. I could feel his erection through his pants, but I want his hard cock rubbing against my belly through my silky gown. I softly stroked his erect cock as I pulled his naked form back into a tight embrace.
"Thank you for the beautiful gown," I cooed into his ear as I brushed my lips over his ear lobe. "Use me for your pleasure." I would have dropped to my knees and gently sucked him into my mouth, but I wanted Mark to chose his own reward.
As I suspected, he bent me over the back of his couch and spread my ass cheeks. That was how he took me the first time in my husband's office when Dennis invited my co-workers to share my body. I stiffened and moaned as his hard cock slid between the folds of my vulva. I tried to find the right angle to direct him into me as he continued to tease me. I gasped and squeaked when he finally drove into my vagina.
"Yes, that feels so good. Fuck me. Harder. No, softer. Yes, now harder."
The torc strained against my nipples as he drove into me, pulling my gown tighter as it was trapped between my body and the couch. Each yank on my nipples increased the powerful sensations created by him sliding in and out of my body. I felt my release building. The material pulled tight, and my nipples extended as the torcs popped loose. The pain pushed me over the edge into an intense orgasm. Before I could catch my breath, I felt Mark begin to ejaculate inside me, and a new orgasm erupted in sync with his pulses spurting inside me.
Mark remained inside me until our breathing calmed. I felt him begin to shrink, and then he slipped out. I hate that feeling of emptiness in that instant, but then my pussy would begin to contract and close. I could feel his cum begin to seep out of me, but I was too satisfied to move. I needed more time to bask in these sensations before cleaning up.
Then Mark helped me up and spread pillows on the floor in front of his open windows. It wasn't the warming glow of a fire in a fireplace, but the lights did warm me inside. He reattached the rings to my nipples and smoothed my hair before kissing me again. He took a picture of my head reclined against his naked chest. I smile a contented smile without opening my eyes. I was confident Dennis would understand the context of my expression.
I asked Mark to attach a brief note. "Good night my dear. We are ready for bed. Sleep well. I love you. K." The note came from Mark's phone and the message from me. I knew Dennis would like that.
I fell asleep on Mark's chest. I'm not sure what awakened me. But, Mark was stroking my hair, and I saw him watching me when I opened my eyes.
"You are beautiful. Dennis is a lucky man."
"As are you," I giggled. "And I am too."
Mark laughed. "It's not a contest. I was just commenting on your beautiful, peaceful face when you are sleeping. Dennis knows that I like you and that I have no interest in anything more than our close friendship."
"So you aren't interested in the sex? I have a pretty face, but my body is just okay?"
Mark protested, "That's not what I said."
"You are so easy. Let's go to bed. But, be warned. I am offended and I want to sleep."
I awoke again in the early morning. Mark was spooned against me. One arm draped over my body, and his hand cupped my breast. His warming touch made me aware of him stimulating my nipples. I moaned and moved my butt against his crotch. I was rewarded with the swelling of his cock. I moved again to allow him to slip between my legs. I felt him stir.
"Mmmmm," Mark sighed. He began stroking my breast and moving his hips. I moved to accommodate him, and he slipped inside me. Neither of us was fully awake. I drifted into the nether state of consciousness between awake and asleep. Mark softly pumped in and out as I moved in unison with him. I felt a mini orgasm start to pulse through my loins. My vagina contracted softly as if it were stroking his cock. I think I could feel him cum inside me, but not in powerful spurts. Maybe it was my imagination, but then I felt his sperm begin to leak out of me.
I felt Mark begin to soften inside me once again. His is rhythmic breath on my neck lulled me to sleep. We slept soundly for a few hours more.
"I have to go home today," I announced before getting up from the bed. "Dennis will be home tomorrow, and I need to clean the house and shop for food before he gets home." I kissed Mark and crawled out of bed to shower and dress. I would grab a cup of coffee and head home.
**********
Dennis concludes our story:
My phone buzzed and I opened the picture of Kathy on Mark's chest. It came from his phone again, but she had typed the text. I felt the familiar stirring between my legs. Without thinking about it, I shared the image with my drinking buddies. "My wife is getting a good fucking from our friend," I told them. They were shocked at first, but they knew me well enough that it turned me on watching my wife flirt and expose herself. Two of them had met her and had enjoyed watching her flaunt her braless chest in thin shirts and tops.
They wanted more details, so I shared her front and rear pictures on the bed with the shopping bags. I wasn't able to watch her shopping today, but I could watch my friends admire her photos. And, I could imagine what each of them was thinking about what they would like to do to her. My wife enjoys sex and likes men watching her.
I was headed home tomorrow and I could not wait to hear all about her fun in New York. She would greet me in something sexy and make me wait until we had dinner and dessert before sharing with me. Then, I would shower and she would meet me in bed. She loves to play with my cock while she shares her story. She gets me hard and then plays with my balls when she gets to the "good" parts. She stops when she feels my balls begin the clinch just before I am ready to cum. Then she climbs on top of me and guides me into her wet cunt.
Once she is settled on me and comfortable, Kathy begins to rock her hips and asks me if I am ready to hear how her latest lover took her and made her cum. She begins to move up and down while still rocking her hips as she relates her story. When she nears the climax, she begins asking me if I like being married to a hot wife who is a slut. I thrust up into her in response. "Fuck yes!" I exclaim. "Don't stop. I love my slutty wife."
She knows my body well enough that she times the description of her lover cumming inside her with my release. She tells me how wonderful it felt feeling him spurt inside her as I am cumming inside her.
These sessions usually end with her collapsing on top of me, exhausted by her own powerful orgasm. We fall asleep in each other's arms. Content with each other and our love for each other.
So many couples grow bored with the routines they fall into and forget that sex is supposed to be fun as well as affirming your love for one another. We have solved that by allowing Kathy her "singles" days. She is free to take a lover for the day or night just as if she were single. And I am free to lust after that wanton slut I saw leaving the bar with a stranger knowing they are probably going off to get laid.
Yes, I am a voyeur, and Kathy is an exhibitionist. We keep each other young, aroused, and satisfied. And yes, Mark knows he is a lucky man as well. And yes, he likes sex with Kathy. He also has a fairly large collection of naughty Kathy pictures. Maybe you have seen his website? Naughty K. We both get off visiting it after an adventure to see what he shares with the world of Internet voyeurs.