Before you read this, two things: First, I want to thank my good friend SilkPanther, who offered invaluable assistance and suggestions on this story, and who has become my best, most helpful beta-reader. They rock!
Second, I had a lot of trouble deciding on the category for this story. There are four that would have worked, and I had to pick just one. So, if you think it should have been posted in another one, I probably wouldn't disagree.
I hope you enjoy the story! Stay safe and remember to wash your hands!
It was the perfect solution to an awkward situation. When my wife, Becky, got accepted to an excellent graduate program at a university back east, with a fellowship that would not only pay all her fees but included a nice stipend, it was too great an opportunity to pass up. On the other hand, I had just gotten a good tenure-track job at a college that was two time zones west. It was a great position, and tenure-track positions are hard to come by these days. We needed a way to both allow her to start that program and let me keep my job.
Fortunately, Becky's sister, Rachel, and her husband Steve, happened to live in a town very close to the university where Becky had been accepted. They very graciously suggested that Becky move in with them for her time in grad school. We would still very likely have a serious problem when she had her PhD, but for now the problem was solved. I continued teaching out west, while Becky took classes, graded papers, and started her research in the east. We would text, talk on FaceTime and Facebook, every day, and we would get to see each other on holiday breaks. Things were going well.
Then the coronavirus situation of 2020 hit us, and everything got awkward.
Both my school and Becky's went through a panicked period of sending out emails and announcements, most of which amounted to "We don't know what's going on, but you will be expected to roll with it, whatever it turns out to be." Don't get me wrong, there's probably no way they could have done any better, without a standing procedure on hand. (Hopefully, they'll have those next time.) Still, this made things difficult to plan around.
By the time the dust had cleared and we both knew we would be working entirely from home, in basically shelter-in-place conditions, it was too late for either of us to fly to the other.
I settled into a solitary existence, which I didn't mind much at all; since Becky had started grad school I'd basically been living alone anyway. Becky, though, was "trapped," as she put it, with her sister and brother-in-law.
As Becky put it one evening while we talked over Facebook Messenger, "It's just that we're all basically home all - the - time! They're being great, but damn, babe, I need a break. They probably need a break from me too."
I grinned into the camera, "Having you around getting in the way of their running around naked and having sex in the kitchen?"
"Ha!" Becky scoffed. "I don't think they do much of that kind of thing."
"No?" I couldn't help but conjure up a quick image of Rachel, naked in her kitchen. Like her younger sister, Rachel was a slender blonde, though she had bigger tits than Becky, and slightly darker hair. To be fair, that last is partly due to the light blond highlights Becky wore so well. Also, my wife made up for any lack in the tits-department by having a wonderfully tight ass. Both women had very nice legs. I have to admit, it was very easy for me to imagine a naked Rachel, who was now (in my mind) bent over the island in the middle of their kitchen as Steve came up behind her...
"Yeah," Becky said, interrupting my little fantasy, "apparently Steve's not really into anything like that."
"Oh, trouble on the homefront?" I frowned.
"Naw, nothing like that," Becky shrugged. "I guess he's just kind of... How did she put it? He's a great guy, but is kind of reserved sexually."
"Huh, interesting," I mused.
"Yeah, well, believe it or not, babe, not every guy is as open-minded as you," she smiled, "let alone has such a sexy imagination."
"Awww, you're sweet," I grinned. "Speaking of which, did you get a chance to read that chapter?"
"I did," she smiled and nodded. "It's good!"
"You don't think the bit at the end with Evelyn and the Beast was too much?"
"Hell no! It's sexy! Leave it in!" Is it any wonder I love her so much? We often collaborated in this kind of informal, sounding-board way. We could always count on each other to give honest, helpful feedback, and always knew we could rely on the other to rein us in if we got a bit carried away. We were each other's best cheerleaders and toughest coaches. Even when one of us wasn't writing academic papers but raunchy, explicit erotica.
Plus, all of this had the added benefit that our discussions frequently led to other, more physical activities, as this one did when I asked her what was so sexy about that scene, which led to Becky confessing that she liked the way I had Evelyn tame the Beast and then fuck it. As I encouraged her to tell me more, she slipped her hand down between her legs. She admitted she really liked the thought of having the Beast take her, "I mean Evelyn," from behind, as she was up on her hands and knees sliding her vibrator in and out of herself. Then, she said she loved it when the Beast came all over Evelyn's tits... "So much cum! That was so hot!" ...and then promptly had an intense orgasm, clenching and writhing on her bed as I watched.
A few days later, the subject of my writing came up again. This time it wasn't because I was looking for feedback, though.
"So, um, baby," Becky smiled at me over the internet. I could see the curve of her naked butt cheek over her shoulder. We didn't usually start our conversations like this, even though we ended them this way often enough.
"Yes, honey?" I smiled back.
"Would it be okay if I told Rachel and Steve about your stories?"
"The ones on Literotica?"
"Yeah, those," she nodded.
"Um, I guess so, if you think they won't freak out or something."
"Oh, good, cuz I did," she grinned.
I shook my head at her, but smiled, and said, "I had a suspicion that was where you were heading with this."
"Yeeeeah, I let it slip that one of the ways you were occupying yourself was by writing some fiction, and, well, you know how Rachel can be."
I arched my eyebrow at her.
"She wanted to know more and wasn't about to let me avoid the questions. Babe, there was tickling involved!"
I laughed, "Whoa! Enhanced interrogation, then." Becky hates being tickled. Hates it!
"Well, what's done is done, I guess," I shrugged. "Did they read any?"
"Yep, they did," she nodded, cracking a slight grin that indicated she was being terse on purpose, wanting me to ask more.
"You're killing me here, gorgeous! What did they read and what did they say?"
"I suggested they start with Quislin..."
"The first one, right?"
Becky fixed me with an indignant glare and said, "Of course. Rachel read it out loud, actually."
"Oh god," I groaned. "How did that go?"
"Pretty well, I think," she laughed. "Rachel said it was 'Fucking hot!' and Steve seemed to like it too. I'm pretty sure he was trying to hide a serious hardon."
I grinned into the camera and asked, "Any favorite bits?"
"Rachel agrees with me that the hottest part is when Carol's telling the author about her time with Ben, but Steve said the bit with the sisters."
"Oh, I see!" I laughed. "Better watch that guy!"
"Yeah, we gave him a hard time about that already, but I don't think we changed his mind much."
"I can't say I blame him! Do you think he knows about that time you told me about?" I asked.
"I'm not sure - maybe. It's not like Rachel to keep that kind of thing a secret."
"Hmm," I frowned, but then returned to the thing that interested me most. "But they liked it?"
"Oh yeah, I think so," she laughed. "Rachel said they were going to read the next one, but that she wanted to read it in their bedroom."
"Oh!" I grinned.
"Yeah!" Becky laughed. "Here, let me give you an idea of what I've been dealing with for the last half hour or so."
Then she was picking up her laptop, giving me a dizzying view of her very naked body as she got off the bed and headed for her bedroom door. Then she said, "Now be quiet!"
I chuckled and said "Okay."
I watched as the swaying image of her face and tits (illuminated by the computer in her hands) made its way out into the hall and toward Rachel and Steve's bedroom door. Sure enough, it was very easy to hear the sounds of some enthusiastic sex going on through the door. Most of this was due to some rather vocal participation from Rachel. Naturally enough, this prompted an immediate response from my cock, which was quickly thickening in my shorts.
All too quickly, Becky retreated back to her own room and closed the door behind her. Soon she was grinning into the camera and saying, "So, yeah, I think they like your stories."
"Wow!" I smiled. "Think they'll read more?"
"Probably... But right now you've got to take care of the president of your fan club."
Laughing, I said, "Oh, do I? And how might I be of service to her?"
"Mmmm, well, start out with what you would do if you were here right now," she murmured as she rearranged herself on the bed. I took a moment to enjoy the view before describing how I would work my way down her naked body with my hands and mouth.
For about a week, this was the basic routine. Each evening, Becky would report on Rachel and Steve's progress reading my stories (they were making their way through theLost in Erosseries), pass the occasional comment, and then share some rather spirited video-cyber sex with yours truly. Apparently, hearing her sister and her husband going at it in the next room was proving to be quite the aphrodisiac. Naturally, I was loving every minute of it.
Then, while I was cleaning up after dinner, I was surprised to get a Facebook call from Becky at least an hour before our usual time.
"Hi, babe!" Becky waved at me as I took the call on my phone. I could see that she was in Rachel and Steve's living room, not her bedroom.
"Hi, honey," I smiled. "You're a bit early tonight."
"Yeah, well, your readers have some questions," she laughed.
"Oh, do they really?"
"Yes, we do!" Rachel insisted as she peered over Becky's shoulder at me. "Hi there!"
"Hi Rachel. How are you doing? I heard you've been enjoying some of my stories."
"We have," Rachel nodded as she nudged her sister off to the side, taking her place in front of the laptop, which seemed to be on a table. I was momentarily distracted by the similarities between the two sisters. In particular, they shared the same lovely shade of hazel eyes. "Where do you get the ideas for these stories?"
"Have you guys been drinking?" I asked.
"Just a little," Rachel said, not very convincingly.
"I see," I chuckled. "Well, I had this idea of the opening situation inLost in Erosof how it would be weird to just wake up naked in bed with someone you know pretty well, but then not have any idea of how you got there. Then I thought of the dream idea, and then decided to make it an absurd, funny sex romp."
"But it's a love story, isn't it? I mean, Don and Tascha - that's a love story, right?"
"Yeah, definitely," I nodded. "Well, at least the first part, 'The Manor.'"
"I told you!" Rachel said over her shoulder.
"I wasn't arguing with you about it, sweetheart," I heard Steve say from off camera.
"Hey Steve," I called out.
"Don't tell us anything about what happens after the first part!" Rachel said quickly. "We're going to start the next part tonight."
"Oh cool," I smiled. "I'm glad you're enjoying it."
"We are," Rachel smiled and then leaned in close to the camera and said, "It's fucking hot!"
"Oh, well, that's very good to know," I grinned. Hearing my wife's pretty sister saying that about my erotica was a nice little turn on.
"But, we noticed something," Rachel went on. "Becky says Tascha is based on a friend of yours."
"Yeah, that's right," I nodded.
"And she says you worked with another friend on the 'Amber & I' stories."
"Yeah, that was way before I met Becky..."
"Okay, but then we noticed the 'For Jade' story. Becky said you wrote that for a friend, too."
"Well, yeah, um, I met both Jade and 'Amber' on MySpace, believe it or not, and when Jade found out I was writing the Amber stories, she asked me to write her a story. And, technically, 'Strip Dice' was also based on an online interaction."
"Cool, cool..." Rachel cut me off a bit. "So, what we were wondering is if you'd write a story for us?"
I had not expected that, so I barely managed to say, "Um, well, yeah, I suppose I could."
"Excellent!" Rachel grinned, looking very much like her sister.
"But, uh, well, do you have any idea of what kind of story you'd like?" I asked.
"Oh, no... Do we, baby?" Rachel looked over her shoulder and I could make out Steve's head, with his dark, curly hair, in the background. If he said anything I couldn't hear it, but Rachel turned back around and said, "We'll leave that up to you."
"Uh, okay." By now I had remembered that this was my sister-in-law and that a bit of caution might be called for. So, I asked, "Is there anything you want to be off-limits?"
Rachel leaned in again and said in a sexy tone I'd only ever heard Becky use, "No, show us what you've got."
"Mmmm," I managed, as I looked into her eyes. "Okay, I'll give this some thought."
"Great!" Rachel beamed. "I can't wait to see what you come up with."
I laughed, "You may regret that!"
"That sounds like a bet!"
"Hey, wait," I said with sudden inspiration. "What do I get out of this arrangement?"
"What did you have in mind?" Rachel gave me a saucy look that bore a close resemblance to those her sister gave me in her more mischievous moments.
Very much aware of the fact that Rachel's husband was listening in on the conversation, I deflected a bit with, "Well, we're limited by the current situation, but I do have an idea."
There was a moment of confusion as Becky pushed Rachel to the side enough that she could get in on the visual part of the conference. My wife said, "What kind of an idea?"
I laughed, "Oh, you'll always have a veto, baby."
"Of course," she nodded with a smile, "but spill it."
"It's still percolating, but I was thinking, what if instead of writing a story, which is going to take some time... I've got a couple of projects going on at the moment, you know. What if I came up with a story for you to act out? Kind of like a movie script that I would narrate, and you'd have to do what I say."
The two sisters looked at me with markedly different expressions. Rachel was clearly surprised by the suggestion, and seemed to be a bit shocked, while Becky was clearly more amused than surprised, though she was a bit of that.
Becky was the first to respond, asking, "And you'd get to watch, eh?"
"Well, yeah," I grinned.
Rachel turned to consult Steve, and I could see him shrug in the background. He said something I couldn't make out. My sister-in-law turned back to the laptop and said, "Okay, sure, why not?"
I actually caught myself about to say, "Well, I can think of a few reasons," but instead said, "Okay, then, it's a deal."
"Cool!" Rachel grinned. "Oh, but when? Now?"
I laughed and said, "Well, you need to give me a little time to get some thoughts together." This was not really true, but I didn't want to come across as too eager or as having given a lot of thought to sex stories involving my wife's sister. I added, "I'd like to switch over to my computer too. So, maybe, give me an hour?"
"Oh, yeah, an hour?" Rachel said a bit nervously. Maybe it was just starting to occur to her what she'd just agreed to. Any doubts seemed to be pushed aside as she said, "Okay, an hour. Should we do anything to get ready?"
I laughed again, "Well, that's up to you, I guess, but if I think of anything specific I'll pass it along through Becky."
"Oh, good idea!" Rachel responded, slightly over enthusiastically.
"Okay, okay, now let me talk to my husband, you horny minx," Becky laughed.
I waited patiently, trying not to get dizzy watching the moving screen on my phone, as Becky gathered up her laptop and took it (and me) into her bedroom.
As soon as I got a chance, I asked, "Are you okay with all of this?"
"Oh, hell yeah," she laughed. "If you are, that is?"
"Oh, yeah, I'm good, but, uh, exactly who's included in my cast?"
"Huh?"
"Rachel said 'write a story for us,' but who's included in 'us'?"
"Oh!" Becky laughed. "You want to know if I'm supposed to be joining in!"
"Bingo."
"I think Rachel meant just them, but I don't think she would mind if I joined in. I'm not too sure about Steve, but he is a guy..."
"And you're you," I pointed out.
"Aw, thanks, babe," she smiled. "But how would you feel about that?"
"I think I asked you first."
"Did you, though?" she smirked. "What if I said, it's up to you?"
"Is that what you're saying?"
"No, I'm asking a hypothetical question, silly," she smiled.
"Fine," I chuckled. If it was some other woman, I'd probably be worried that I might be getting set up for some kind of trap. Becky wasn't like that, and neither was I. I smiled and said, "We've talked about this, honey, and my feelings haven't changed. You know I've always found this kind of thing exciting and I'm not the jealous type, but you're much more important to me than living out any fantasies. I don't want to do anything that you're not totally into."
Becky smiled at me and said, "Then I'm going to say, I trust you, honey, and I'm up for anything you might have in mind." She winked and added, "Just stop if you think things are going too far; you'll be calling the shots, after all."
"As long as you tell me ifyouthink they're going too far."
"Baby, you know I have no problem with that," she grinned. "Now, what do you want me to do here?"
I gave her some ideas about where to put the laptop in the living room and had her plug in her phone to get as charged up as possible in the next hour, but then just said, "Maybe take a quick shower...?"
"Oh! I think I'll tell the others that too, and maybe suggest another drink!"
"Hey," I added at the last second, "Rachel has her own laptop, right? Have her get that." I added a few other instructions, and let her get on with things.
Then I had a little less than an hour to collect my thoughts. I came up with a few little notes - basically just an outline of events to keep myself on track - and took some time to question my sanity. Of course, whatever was about to happen wasn't just up to me, but I was certainly the most sober one of the bunch, and I was about to take the reins and guide the whole family - well, a big chunk of it - into uncharted waters.
I actually didn't think any of them were actually drunk, or at least none of them were when I'd just talked to them. Certainly none of them was unable to give consent! Still, it felt like if anyone was going to be the voice of restraint, it would have to be me. Not that anyone could blame me if they did something they'd later regret, but blame was not really the point. Things would change unless I put the brakes on. As the one who was most removed from the situation, it would be easiest for me to be the wet blanket. After all, I didn't have to live with the others, not literally.
Then it occurred to me that, the way things were going over there in that other house, and given Becky's nature as well as Rachel's apparent friskiness, some kind of mischief was about to break out whether I participated or not. Really, the only thing that was probably up to me was how willingly I played along. When I thought about it that way, I realized the best thing I could possibly do was throw myself into the situation enthusiastically and enjoy every minute of it.
For the record, putting my foot down (or trying to put my foot down) and saying something like, "No, Becky, you can't mess around with Rachel and Steve," never occurred to me, except as a laughable passing thought. I was the last person to say to someone else that they shouldn't have a good time with other consenting adults!
So, at the agreed upon time, I initiated the Facebook video conference with Becky. When she answered, I saw that they had pulled the coffee table some distance back from the couch and set the laptop on that. Becky was kneeling on the floor in front of the laptop, and Rachel and Steve were seated on the couch. Rachel was wearing a bathrobe, as I'd had Becky instruct her, and Steve was wearing a t-shirt and shorts.
Steve was an olive-skinned guy about my age, with thick, black, curly hair, and a bit of a dad bod. He was kind of built like an aging quarterback, particularly relative to my more wiry, academic build.
Becky had changed into a short skirt and a light top. She grinned at me and said, "Hello there, babe!"
"Hi there, gorgeous!" I smiled back. "Hi guys. Any second thoughts?"
"Oh no!" Rachel laughed. "You're not backing out on us. You've got us all riled up over here."
"Oh? Well, that's a good thing," I smirked. "Okay, here's the setting: Steve's gone off to work for the day, and Rachel assumes Becky's gone too. So, you two move off to the side, and Rachel just try to act like none of us can see you."
Rachel laughed a bit nervously and said, "Right, act like no one's watching while the three of you are staring at me."
"Yep," I smiled, "exactly."
Steve gave his wife a kiss and then moved off-camera, and then I watched Becky's lovely legs crossing in front of the screen.
"Oh, honey," I called. "Make sure you have your phone with you. I'm going to use FaceTime in a bit."
"Got it!" she laughed.
"Okay, Rachel, you've got your laptop? Good. So, you're bored and feeling a bit frisky, so you find some porn to watch."
"Well, if I must!" she smiled at me. She opened the laptop, which was actually on her lap. "Do you actually want me to find some porn?"
"Sure, if it won't take you too long."
She arched an eyebrow at me and made a loud scoffing sound.
Chuckling, I said, "Let me know when you find something hot."
"Oh, hmm, oh this will do nicely!" she smiled.
"Good," I said. "As Rachel watches, she feels her body beginning to respond and decides to slip her fingers down into her robe and between her legs."
"Good idea," Rachel murmured and then quickly did just as I'd said.
"She strokes her lips, feeling how moist they're getting already. She keeps doing that for a while, watching the action on the screen."
If Rachel was reluctant at all, it didn't show, and she was doing a good job of just watching her laptop and acting like Steve and Becky weren't there watching her. I couldn't see what she was doing clearly, but she certainly did seem to be enjoying herself.
"She spreads her lips with her fingertips and then slips one of them between the lips, into her pussy. She takes the moisture she finds there and spreads it around, over her clit."
Rachel moaned a little and seemed to need no further encouragement or direction from me. I let her continue, slowly masturbating to the porn she was watching, for a couple of minutes, and then I called Becky over FaceTime.
"Hey, baby," she said in a hushed voice.
"Hi there," I smiled, wrapping my hand around the microphone of my headset, which was plugged into the computer in front of me. "Give your phone to Steve. He's gonna be our cameraman for a while. You need to go over to your room, count to, like ten or something and then come out and discover your sister on the couch playing with herself."
Giggling a little, she whispered, "Okay!" and handed her phone to Steve.
"Hey buddy," I said to Steve, "you doing okay so far?"
"Hell yeah!" he grinned.
"Good! I'm thinking you should just use that phone like a movie camera. I'll tell you if I need you to show me something in particular, okay?"
"Sure."
By now, Rachel was really getting into it. Her legs had spread nicely, and I could make out the motion of her fingers as she played with herself. Then Becky came around the corner, but still out of my view. I heard her say, "Rachel, are you... oh, hello!"
I was impressed by how well Rachel responded with embarrassed surprise, slamming the laptop closed and quickly rearranging herself on the couch. She said, "I, uh, I thought you were out."
Becky just rolled with the situation, saying, "Oh, don't be shy, what were you watching? 'Must've been hot." She moved into the frame and sat next to her sister, to Rachel's right.
I didn't need to prompt Rachel, who said, "No, I don't want you to get ideas."
"Oh? Now I really want to see," Becky grinned at her sister and reached for the laptop. When Rachel slapped her hand and pulled the laptop away, my wife said, "Oh, come on, sis, I won't tell."
Becky was completely ad libbing, which was fine with me, and Rachel seemed to either think Becky had been told what to do or was fine with rolling with things regardless.
Rachel sighed a bit theatrically, which was also in line with her normal character, and said, "Fine!" She repositioned the laptop, opened it, and restarted the video.
Becky leaned in closer and said, "Oh, nice! They're hot. Hehe, it says they're supposed to be sisters. Do you think they really are?"
Rachel was a bit distracted by the video again already and just said, "I don't know, maybe."
"They do look like they might be," Becky admitted, leaning in still closer to her own sister. "Oh, I get it, that's why you didn't want to show me."
"Mm-hm," Rachel murmured, apparently trying to look at the porn, but also sneaking a look at me on the laptop on the coffee table.
"Encourage her, babe," I said to Becky.
Right away, Becky said, "Go on, don't let me keep you from enjoying yourself."
"Don't be ridiculous," Rachel said a bit weakly. "I should get dressed."
"Oh come on, sis," Becky purred. "This is hot." She moved her hand over the robe that was covering her sister's thigh. When Rachel made no move to push her away, Becky pulled the robe aside enough that she could move her fingers down between Rachel's legs.
"Rachel parts her legs a bit further to let Becky touch her," I directed.
As she began to stroke her sister's lips and then clit, Becky looked back at the porn and said, "Oh, where did he come from? He's got a nice dick, doesn't he?"
"Mm-hmm," Rachel nodded.
"Wouldn't it be nice if we had a nice cock like that to... oh, that looks like fun!"
"Yeah it does," Rachel breathed.
"Becky pushes her fingers up into Rachel," I said, and Rachel inched forward on the couch and spread her legs further to accommodate her sister's questing fingers.
Rachel's cheeks were flushed and her breath was ragged. There was no doubt that she was really getting into things.
"Rachel reaches up and opens her robe enough so she can squeeze her breast." She followed my direction quickly, and I got my first glimpse of my sister-in-law's full breasts. She clasped and squeezed the left one.
Becky was in the spirit of things and clearly didn't need any coaching from me. I could see the muscles of her arm flexing as she worked her fingers in and out of Rachel's pussy. I later found out she was also using her thumb to rub Rachel's clit. Becky looked down at the screen and said, "Don't you wish Steve was home right now so he could do that?"
"God yes!" Rachel breathed.
Then, again without any prompting from me, Becky lowered her head to Rachel's right breast, and Rachel arched her back and groaned. For the moment, Rachel took her eyes off the porn in front of her and let her head roll back.
On my end of things, I sat and watched, doing my best to ignore the raging hardon in my lap. Then, I remembered Steve!
"Psst, Steve," I said into the phone while covering my laptop mic. "Get in there and show me what's going on."
Without a word, Steve hurried into his living room and panned the phone's camera up over his wife's legs, gave me a nice long shot of Becky's hand as she fingered her sister, and then moved up to a closeup of Becky sucking on Rachel's tit. Then he moved slowly up over his wife's neck and to her face. She was looking at him and then looked at me on the phone. She gave us a smile and licked her lips.
When Steve backed away a bit, I said, "Becky gets up and kneels on the floor between her sister's legs. Rachel moves the laptop out of the way and spreads her legs to let Becky go down on her."
Steve and I watched as Rachel pushed herself down on the couch until her butt was on the edge of the cushions, and Becky got down on her hands and knees to start licking at her sister's pussy and clit. Rachel was now squeezing both her tits tightly and rocking her pelvis against Becky's mouth.
"Becky pushes her fingers back up into Rachel's pussy," I said, "focusing her licking and sucking on Rachel's clit."
From the computer's vantage point, I had a nice closeup of my wife's butt and exposed labia. She had apparently decided to do without panties for the evening. I could see that she was already quite dewy with excitement. From Steve's phone camera, I had a longer view of Rachel slouched down on the couch, her legs stretched out on either side of Becky, while Becky busied herself licking and fingering.
I was contemplating 'my' next moves when Rachel cried out, her right hand flying from her breast to the back of Becky's head. Rachel arched her back and groaned loud and long, with what seemed to be a nice, intense orgasm. We watched as she pushed herself against Becky's mouth and then, when she was done, pulled back as she collapsed back on the couch.
After giving Rachel a moment to catch her breath, I said, "Becky moves up toward Rachel, kissing her way up her sister's beautiful body."
Becky hadn't gotten too far, though, when Rachel decided on a bit of her own ad libbing. She sat up and pulled Becky to her, kissing her passionately. Steve focused the phone camera on the two girls making out, and murmured, "God, that's hot!"
I had to agree, as we watched them eagerly undressing each other, pushing the bathrobe off Rachel's shoulders and arms, pulling Becky's top up over her head and arms, then helping Becky wriggle out of her short skirt. I was in no hurry to break up this scene of the two gorgeous and very naked sisters making out there. I particularly liked the image on my computer of Rachel's hands squeezing my wife's ass tightly. Eventually, though, I felt like I needed to do something, and probably ought to get Steve in on the action.
"Rachel decides she'd like to return the favor," I cut in. "She pulls Becky up and coaxes her to lie back on the couch."
What I had in mind was that the two women would simply switch places, but as it turned out, Becky laid down along the couch, with her head cushioned on some pillows against the arm on the right arm rest (on my left). Rachel crouched over her sister, continuing to kiss her.
"Rachel begins to slowly kiss and stroke her way down Becky's body..." I directed.
Steve and I sat back and watched as Rachel did just as she was told, moving slowly down over Becky's naked body, lingering quite a while on her little sister's nipples before kissing her way down my wife's belly and then settling in between Becky's thighs. I directed Steve to give me a nice long closeup pan. He started with Rachel, giving me a good look at his wife as she started licking and fingering her sister. Then he took his time moving up along Becky's body, apparently enjoying the opportunity to take in the view of his sister-in-law on display for him. When he got up to her face, I saw that Becky was smiling up at both him and me.
When Steve backed away to give a more comprehensive view from the end of the couch, Becky reached down with both hands to hold her sister's head to her pussy, and I decided it was time to take this little play to the next level.
I quickly whispered some instructions to Steve, while watching the two women on my computer screen, and then, finally got undressed as he moved to the front door of their house. Once he was there, I said to him, "Okay, now you just come in like you would normally, and catch the girls, okay?"
"Should I be upset?"
"Would you be upset?"
"No," he laughed.
I laughed as well, "Just go in and make some kind of noise or say something so they notice you're there."
On the computer I could see that Becky was enjoying what Rachel was doing, and on my phone I watched as Steve came in and headed right into the living room.
"Oh, um, wow!" I heard Steve blurt out.
Becky twisted around a bit on the couch to look at Steve, and Rachel raised her face from between her sister's legs. Before I could come up with a response to feed them, Rachel said, "Hi, honey! I hope you don't mind, we started without you."
"Uh, no," Steve stammered a bit. Either he was a natural actor or he was still feeling a bit awkward about the whole situation, because he certainly could not have been surprised.
"Well, get undressed, honey, and join the party," Rachel grinned before going right back to licking her sister. I got the distinct impression Rachel had been wanting to say something like that to her husband for a long time, probably in just such a situation.
I ignored the blurry, confused motions on my phone, but saw motion on the left side of my screen as Steve got undressed. It didn't take long.
I felt like I needed to direct at least this next bit, so I said, "Becky sees Steve standing there, smiles at him and beckons him closer."
As Steve moved over to my wife, I realized he would soon be blocking my view of something I really wanted to watch, so I said to him, "Steve, you're going to need to give me a good view of what's going on."
Steve immediately gave me a shot of Becky smiling at him. His cock was bobbing out in front of him at about half-mast.
"Becky reaches up and takes hold of Steve's cock, stroking it, while Rachel continues to lick and suck at Becky's clit. Rachel is now fucking several fingers in and out of her sister's wet pussy," I narrated. "Becky pulls Steve's cock to her mouth and begins to suck him."
Then I watched as Steve held the phone so I could see my wife begin to suck his cock. She wrapped her hand around the base, and wasted no time in wrapping her lips around the fat purple head. She proceeded to pull more of his length into her mouth as he hardened. I felt my own cock straining as I watched her pumping his increasingly long and thick cock hungrily. Then she was moaning around Steve as she came.
I'd never seen Becky doing anything with any other man. I'd certainly never had a chance to watch and hear her climax with a cock in her mouth like this. It was insanely hot!
Becky pushed Steve back a bit, letting his now-slippery wet cock escape, so she could shudder and catch her breath. She groaned, "Oh, fuck, that was a good one!"
On the computer I could see that Rachel was disengaging herself and moving around to get closer to Steve, and that Becky was twisting around to get a better angle to go back to giving her brother-in-law head. On the phone I watched her eagerly bobbing her head up and down on his very erect cock.
Then Steve handed the phone over to Rachel, who backed up enough so that I could see my naked wife bent over on the couch giving her husband an enthusiastic blowjob. I watched as Steve took Becky's head in his hands and then pulled her to him. He threw his head back and then groaned loudly. Rachel moved in closer, and I could see Becky's throat as she swallowed his cum.
It was Rachel's turn to provide a bit of narration, saying into the phone, "Your wife just sucked my husband off. How hot is that?"
"Pretty fucking hot!" I admitted at once.
"Now what do we do?" Rachel asked, while I was watching Becky milk the cum out of Steve while looking up at him with a saucy smile.
In another minute or two, I had them turn Steve around to face the coffee table and then kneel in front of him, Becky on his right and Rachel on his right, and had them take turns licking and sucking on his cock, to make sure he was ready for more action. I got to sit back and watch my wife and sister-in-law, both gorgeous and naked, as they played with Steve's cock and balls until he was as raging hard as he had been before.
I then had Steve sit on the couch, with Rachel straddling his lap, facing the coffee table and the laptop. Becky helped hold Steve's cock up so her sister could sink down on it. I watched as my sister-in-law slowly rode up and down on her husband's cock. Rachel fixed her gaze on the camera in front of her and my face on the screen as I watched intently. She smiled at me and squeezed her tits as she fucked.
Meanwhile, Becky busied herself reaching around to fondle Steve's balls and tease Rachel's clit while she leaned over to make out with Steve as he pushed up into his wife. I directed her to move around in front of her sister, who she immediately began kissing. Becky took it upon herself to begin stroking Rachel's clit more intently. When Becky lowered her mouth to Rachel's breast and started sucking on her nipples again, Rachel arched her back, pushing her tits into her sister's mouth. Then Rachel was crying out as she shook with her second orgasm.
I was about to tell them what to do next, but then Becky was moving to kneel down in front of the couch. The phone was handed back to Rachel, who showed me that my wife was now licking and sucking at Steve's balls, the base of his cock, and then Rachel's clit. I watched my wife's face getting messy with a wonderful mingling of spit, Rachel's juices, and no doubt a healthy amount of Steve's pre-cum. On the computer, I could see that Rachel was leaning back, making it easier for Becky to lick her, and that Steve's bigger hands were now reaching around to cup and squeeze his wife's tits.
"Oh, god, Becky, you're going to make me come again!" Rachel moaned. Then she held the phone up so she was looking right at me and said, "Show me what you've got over there."
It took me a second to work out what she wanted, but then I pushed myself back a bit and held my phone so she could see my almost-painfully hard cock with my hand wrapped around its base, holding it up for her.
"Oh, sis, you've been holding out on me," Rachel murmured, and then she was shaking and moaning as another orgasm hit her.
When she came down, Rachel said, "Okay, I'm good. I want to see you two fucking. That is, if it's okay with the author."
I laughed and said, "Sure it is! How do you want them to do it?"
"Oh, it's my turn, eh?" Rachel said.
In short order, I watched as my wife got on her hands and knees on the couch and Steve got behind her. Rachel held the phone in front of Becky's face, so that my wife was looking into my eyes when she said, "Baby, Steve's about to fuck me. I love you, honey."
"I love you too!" I grinned.
"Oh, fuck yes! He's fucking me. His cock is inside me, fucking me. God, Rachel, your husband's cock is fucking me. It feels so good! I needed to be fucked so badly. Fuck me, Steve!"
"That's good, babe," I smiled. "Take his cock, make him cum inside you."
"Oh yes, god, I need that!"
"Reach back and play with yourself, baby," I said. "Make yourself come while Steve fucks you."
"Do you want me to...?" Rachel started.
"No, stay there," I said. "I want to hold this angle. God, this is hot!"
"Yeah it is!" Rachel said from off camera. Glancing at the computer I saw that she was sitting on the arm of the couch, holding the phone in her right hand and reaching between her legs with the left. Apparently, she wasn't quite as done as she'd thought.
Also on the computer, I could see that Steve was holding Becky's waist in his hands as he was pulling her back on him. His head was down and he seemed to be really plowing into my wife.
Then I watched my phone as Becky's face contorted in ecstasy and she cried out, "Oh, fuck yes! Yes!"
"Oh, hell yes, Beck', that's so hot!" Rachel said. Then Rachel was moving on the couch. On the computer, I saw her scooching forward, pushing her pussy toward her sister's face. With a smile, Becky leaned forward and began to lick and suck at Rachel's pussy and clit.
The phone camera work got a bit frenzied then, as I caught glimpses of Becky looking up at me and Rachel, Rachel's belly flexing as she ground herself against Becky's mouth, Steve shoving into Becky from behind, Rachel's tits jiggling, and Rachel's face.
Then Rachel was holding the camera up to talk directly to me, saying, "Your wife is gonna make me come again, while my husband fucks her. I want to see you come with us."
"Okay," I managed. I leaned back in my chair, used the armrest to prop up my left hand with the phone-camera and stroked my very hard cock with my right. I don't remember being so hard in my life. On the computer screen in front of me, I saw my wife, being fucked hard and deep by my brother-in-law while she went down on her sister. Little bits of the image were so hot: the curve of Becky's ass, right where I could make out the thickness of Steve's cock penetrating her; the lines of Rachel's leg and Becky's back; the way Rachel's belly arched back and gave way to her heaving breasts with their hard nipples... to say nothing of the sounds of the three of them grunting and moaning in sexual frenzy!
I heard Becky groaning in a way that told me she was coming again, and then Steve was pushing deep into her from behind, saying, "Oh, fuck, yes!"
When Rachel said, "Now, cum with us!" my cock erupted in my hand, spraying a hot jet of cum that hit my chin and splashed over my chest and belly. I heard Rachel crying out with her own orgasm, but my body was clenching as I had perhaps the longest, most intense orgasm of my life. As I opened my eyes and came to my senses, I realized that I had made a terrible mess all over the front of me.
"Oh my," Rachel said, seeing my state. "Too bad you have to clean that up yourself."
I laughed and said, "Maybe you can help me with that in the future."
"I better!" she laughed.
I watched as they disentangled themselves a bit. The phone was passed to Becky while Rachel moved around to suck the last remnants of cum from her husband's cock.
"Wow!" Becky said to me. "That was wild!"
"You enjoyed it?" I smirked.
"Hell yes, I did!" she grinned. "I know you did too."
"I definitely did, yes. What's next?"
She laughed and said, "Well, you're telling the story, aren't you?"
"You two are insatiable!" Rachel said.
"Uh huh, and?" Becky said.
"Well, at least give me a minute to get cleaned up a bit," I laughed.
The phone's battery died long before their stamina did. By the time they called it a night and I crawled into bed, I'd lost count of all the orgasms I'd watched, though Steve didn't come again, and I only managed one more. I wasn't sure how all of this would change the dynamic in their house, or how things would go when we could all connect in the flesh, but I was quite sure it would be fun.
I did know that I had been charged to come up with another scene for them to act out, for next time.