Theatre de Amore resides solely in the realm of fantasy. Think of it as a world unto itself. Everyone in this series is a consenting adult, 18+ years of age. (Elements contained in this story include: M/F sex).
Theatre de Amore, Ch. 4: Dark Room
"So this is where you're hiding," Jenny said as she approached, drink in hand.
Johnny, Kate, and Nye followed in her wake. She plopped her bikini-clad body down onto the deck lounger next to mine, and exclaimed, "I never thought I'd say this, but I'm fucked out."
We all laughed, agreeing that it had been a tiring, but satisfying, weekend.
"Selena, you should tell Billy to put in a pool," Kate said, dragging a lounge chair into position on my other side.
Johnny took the last nearby chair, leaving Nye standing before us, nervously nibbling his bottom lip, looking uncertain that he was welcome.
I scooted over, making space for him on my chair, and patted the spot next to me. He smiled happily as he sat and snuggled up against me. I draped an arm around his shoulders. He barely topped five feet, and had a willowy, delicate build. If I hadn't personally verified his age during hiring, I would never have guessed he was as old as nineteen.
"Maybe next year," I said absently, gazing around the lawn.
There was certainly enough room for a pool, but I wasn't going to ask Billy to install one. We already had a spacious lawn of grass, where some of the staff were currently playing Frisbee, as well as a large deck, complete with an outdoor kitchen that was presently being used by the catering company staff at present. A hot tub was bubbling away to my far left, and I'd given permission for the staff to make use of the two larger tubs that were on the members' side of the building.
The catering company had set up tables and chairs, as well as strung party lights around the deck. The sun was still up, but the lights would add a nice glow once it sank below the horizon.
I had tucked myself away in a corner, where I could view most of the surrounding activities, not thinking that I would be noticed. Personally, I didn't have the energy to go gallivanting around the lawn playing games, but it was nice to watch the others enjoying some down time in their own ways.
"No, ask him to get us a dog!" Nye piped up, setting his head on my shoulder. "Please, Selena?"
"A dog," I repeated, sharing an amused look with Jenny. We didn't call the staff our kids for nothing. "I think I'll have to say no to that one, Nye." I'd never had a pet myself, and I doubted very much Billy or Leslie would approve of bringing in a dog to live on the fifth floor.
"Awww, I always wanted a dog," he said, disappointment heavy in his voice.
"I'll bring my dog for you to play with sometime before we open this coming week," Kate offered.
I smiled at her over the top of Nye's head. Nye was like a pet to us, in that we looked after him, and he rewarded us with devoted affection.
"I could have done the grilling," Johnny said, watching the caterers tending the flames. "Billy didn't have to hire someone."
"Yeah, I always complain when I'm offered a free fucking three course steak dinner, cooked and served to me by a top catering company, who will also clean up the entire mess afterward," Jenny said. "I swear, we have the worst bosses." Her voice was light, but I didn't miss the warning look she gave Johnny. People were usually careful about making any kind of comments about Billy in front of me, even when they were meant as a joke.
"Where is the big man, anyway?" Johnny asked, smiling sheepishly.
"He had to get back to the city, but he wanted us to know he appreciated how the opening went this weekend. We'll see him Thursday, most likely." I took a sip of my drink, not mentioning that I would join him in the city for a night or two during the week.
"Nye, buddy, I'll be your best friend for life if you go get me another drink," Jenny said, shaking the nearly melted ice cubes in her empty glass. Nye hopped up and went to do her bidding.
"Football!" Johnny exclaimed, leaving us without a farewell and jogging over to where Lucas was organizing small teams for a game.
"Well!" Kate said, clearly put out to be left behind so abruptly. I was sure she was developing a crush on Johnny, one that had likely started sometime during last night's performance. I was also sure she already had a crush on Lucas, dating from our first rehearsal.
I hid a grin by sipping my own drink.
"Go play with them," Jenny prompted. "I'm pretty sure it's just going to betouchfootball. Mmmm! I'm half-tempted to play a round myself." She waggled her eyebrows at Kate, then laughed when Kate excused herself to go join the game.
We sat quietly for a moment, each of us observing the antics of our flock.
"I saw you together last night," Jenny said suddenly. "You and Billy." I turned my head toward her. She was watching me closely. "I came in to get you to come toast our success, but you were,ahem, otherwise engaged. It should have been funny, really. You totally naked and bent over the dressing room table while he was still dressed, except for his pants down around his ankles." She pursed her lips. "It wasn't though. It was sweet. The look on his face was sweet." She grinned suddenly. "I almost stayed to watch longer, you know." She sighed. "But I think that look on his face was only meant for you."
I didn't answer but my lips curled in the smallest hint of a smile, and I let my eyes slip closed. Why my relationship with Billy was a source of constant curiosity to everyone was a mystery to me. Surely there were far more interesting things going on around us.
"There's some weird non-sexual vibe about the two of you most of the time," she continued. "And then, bam! I see something like that and you make more sense."
"He's my best friend," I said smoothly.
"I thought I was your best friend."
"He's my bestmalefriend," I qualified, opening my eyes to her grin.
"Do you fuck all your best friends?" she asked, fluttering her eyelashes at me while clasping her hands together beneath her chin, dramatically hopeful.
"I don't know," I said, considering it. "He was my first."
"Your first best friend?"
"My first everything," I said softly. It was not something I'd discussed with anyone before, and I hadn't actually meant to confess it now.
Jenny froze momentarily. Her mouth opened, then it snapped shut again. She tilted her head just a bit, appearing to think deeply about what I'd said. The air seemed to go still around us, while nearby, people continued shouting and laughing with each other. It was unlike her to be rendered speechless so easily, or to miss her chance to probe deeper. She gave her head a small shake, and the quiet intensity of the moment slipped away.
"I swear, Selena, you dress like my grandmother," she said, changing the topic. I could hear the amused exasperation in her voice. "How can one woman be so sexy and dress so...so...I don't even know what that style of yours is during off-hours."
"I happen to like caftans," I answered, a touch defensively, from beneath my wide brimmed straw hat. I plucked at the lightweight fabric covering my right leg. My outdoor patio outfits weren't exactly high fashion, but they were comfortable and helped protect my skin from the sun. I learned the hard way I don't tan easily. Or at all, really. "I don't want to end up being a lobster all week."
"Fine. I will grudgingly, and jealously, admit that you look like some glamorous old-time Hollywood starlet in that damn outfit, while I would look like a frumpy housewife wearing a circus tent, who should be sitting in front of a small TV watching game shows, knocking back cheap gin, with a unfiltered cigarette hanging off my bottom lip,ifI ever dared to wear something like that."
"I think you've been around Billy too much lately. You're starting to get very dramatic about things," I said coolly, trying to suppress a laugh at her mock rant.
She dipped her fingers into her glass and flicked droplets of melted ice at me.
"Tramp," she said affectionately.
I giggled throatily.
We were interrupted from further wardrobe discussion by Nye's return. He handed Jenny a fresh drink, and settled into Kate's abandoned chair. He'd never say it to her, but Jenny intimidated him a little, so he stuck to my side rather than sit in Johnny's abandoned chair next to her.
"Well, well. Look who's coming to dinner," Jenny cracked.
We turned to watch the staff from TOS come striding across the lawn toward the party. It was a fascinating mix, as some of them were dressed in ordinary clothes for a backyard barbeque, while a few others were dressed more for a night in their own club. Leather and latex abounded.
"You know all that staff separation stuff is just Leslie. There's no reason for it, really."
"I don't know. I'm not sure I'd want to wear that hood, or one of those collars," Jenny said, observing one of the men with interest.
"They're no different from us," I insisted. "They just like what they like. Don't be a snob."
"Hello, Rudolph Valentino," Nye said dreamily, drawing his legs up into his chair, crossing them at the ankles and wrapping his arms around them. He propped his chin on his right knee.
"You're too young to know Valentino," I said, smiling at him.
"Who?" Jenny asked.
"Old movie star." Nye gestured carefully to one of the TOS guys, a swarthy, dark-haired man with well-defined muscles. "I'm in love," he sighed.
I waved, and a few of the new arrivals who had been looking in our general direction waved back. Darla was among them. She hesitated a moment before she broke off and headed for our small group.
"I can't believe I'm saying this, but I think I've seen all the dripping pussies I can stand for a while," Darla said, grinning at us. "Well, not a long while. Maybe a day or two." We laughed with her, and I invited her to sit with us.
We talked briefly about the results of the weekend. She complimented us on the play, before we progressed to more general chat. People drifted over, and away again.
Finally, the caterer rang the dinner bell, and we moved toward the food like a horde of zombies who'd just spotted the last living humans on earth.
After spending some time mingling at the dinner table, then speaking briefly with the caterer, I returned to my shadowy little corner. The sun had set, and several people who had to drive home to the city departed for the week. The remaining partiers were spread out around the deck and lawn, a constant low buzz of conversation in the air. It could have been a party scene from any neighborhood in any town.
The energy was quieting down. Johnny and Chun started a small blaze in the fire pit at the far end of the patio, and the caterer pulled out the supplies to make S'mores. I was tempted to get one, but felt reluctant to indulge in more chit chat.
What I needed more was to recharge after a weekend of almost non-stop interacting with so many people, on so many different levels. I slipped away to return to my fifth-floor suite, satisfied that everything had gone as planned this first weekend, and that the staff were happy.
In my room, I stripped off my clothes, shook my hair loose from its braid, and opened the closet door to regard myself in the full-length mirror. It was an exercise I'd performed many time now, though usually Billy was leading me through it.
The woman reflected in the mirror regarded me with her emerald green eyes and took stock of what she saw. Her black hair draped like a curtain down to the center of her back, reaching just below her breasts. She pushed her hair back over her shoulders, exposing herself fully in the mirror. Her head tipped just slightly as she examined herself. Otherwise, her posture remained the same; her back straight, her shoulders thrown back, perfectly balanced on her feet.
"If your eyes were blue, you'd be the exact match for a young Vivien Leigh," Billy had pronounced when they'd first met. He had my hands clasped between his own, and squeezed them gently. "I find your green eyes an improvement on an already perfect visage." I'd laughed nervously, finding myself both uncomfortable and pleased with his assessment.
The woman in the mirror moved her gazed down, over her smooth cheekbones, noting her straight Grecian nose, and stopping at her mouth. Her lips were a natural ruby red, with a rounded Cupid's bow in the center. Billy liked to touch his fingertip to this spot, a gesture that always created a soft tingling sensation in the skin there.
The woman's eyes dropped lower, following her long, slender neck to the tops of her gently rounded shoulders. Her eyes skipped to her firm, well-formed breasts. The flesh of her nipples and areolas were the same rosy red as her lips, standing out against her porcelain skin. The nipples were naturally distended little peaks, tipped slightly upward. When aroused, they would grow into prominent nubs. It took very little to bring on the change in her flesh. Her hands lifted, cupping the sweetly curved mounds gently in her palms.
"The perfect handful," Billy had said. "Nothing gone to waste."
I resisted the urge to bring my nipples to full arousal. This was not an exercise in self-fulfillment. I returned my focus to the woman in the mirror, and trying to see myself as Billy claimed others saw me.
The woman's hands moved down over her taut belly. Just below her belly-button, they went separate ways, gliding over the gentle curves of her hips. Her hands rested there while her eyes continued moving down to the nest of dark curls covering her womanly center. An examination of her long, slender legs brought an end to the physical examination.
The woman in the mirror looked up. Her hand lifted and touched the cheek reflected on the silvered surface. She turned her thoughts to the things beneath the surface and took inventory.
The woman in the mirror had a cherished man in her life; advisor, mentor, friend, lover. She had a job she enjoyed, money in the bank, and had made a home here. There were friends in her life now, some she had become quite close to. Her lips formed a broad, happy smile, so different from her typical day-to-day expressions that it startled her.
The woman in the mirror was me. I was finally living her life, embracing happiness, and becoming more comfortable in my skin every day.
* * * * * * * * *
On Friday night, we gave a repeat performance of the previous Saturday's play to an equally enthusiastic audience. While we were cleaning up and changing backstage, an usher brought a handful of notes from our viewers addressed to various cast members.
"I've been invited to a champagne orgy in 4E," Jenny said to me, waving one of her notes. "Want to come along?"
"I think I'll pass tonight," I said with a smile.
"And this one likes my tits," she said, waving a second note. "What'd you get?" She peered over my shoulder, trying to read the notes I'd placed on the make-up table.
"Just a couple of invitations."
"A couple? That looks like more than a couple."
"Nothing that interests me right now," I answered, digging a pen out of the drawer.
"Are you going to turn themalldown?"
"Just for now," I replied.
"Poor disappointed fans," Jenny said with mock sympathy, while nudging me with her elbow. "So what're you going to do instead?"
"I'm sure I'll find something," I said, as my lips curled into a smile.
"Hussy," Jenny said absently, returning her attention to the notes in her hand.
"Mmm-hmmm," I agreed.
I wrote brief notes of apology to each of the four members who had sent requests to meet with me after the play. I simply stated that I was unable to accept the invitation at present, thanked them for the offer, and added a slightly flirtatious notation that I hoped we might find another opportunity to play together in the future.
After the rest of the cast had departed, I took my hair down and shook it loose, letting it flow down my back. I remained sitting in front of the make-up mirror, contemplating my choices for the remainder of the evening. I felt restless, and uncertain about what it was I wanted now that the play was complete for the weekend. I'd woken up feeling off-kilter after a restless night of sleep, and the feeling hadn't dissipated.
I was lacking the mental energy required to find a suitable partner for the evening, but my mind and body were still craving further satisfaction.
Having spent the evening on display, under the eyes of a large group of people who'd watched as my character slaked her need in Billy's play, I now needed to be away from those eyes, if only for a time. I needed the chance to reclaim the part of myself that had been exposed, and restore my inner balance.
An idea came to me and I stood, knowing exactly where I could go to find the physical fulfillment my body wanted, and the mental balance my mind needed.
Striding down the hallway on the second floor in my black kimono robe, I felt a fissure of excitement bloom inside of me. Would someone already be in the room, or would I be the first inside and have to wait on someone else to come in search of their own amusement?
I approached the Dark Room, and studied the dry erase board attached to the door. The note scrawled on the board indicated there was a lone occupant, and he was waiting for a female. I erased his message and wrote 'Room in use, no entry' on the board before I quickly stepped inside.
I entered a small waiting room, which was bathed in low red light. It was low enough that I had to wait a couple of minutes for my eyes to adjust to the darkened conditions. I removed my robe and hung it on the peg on the wall. Another robe hung there already. I smiled with anticipation.
Moving forward, I turned the knob on the second interior door. As soon as I began to open it, the red light overhead clicked off, plunging me into total darkness. No light seeped from beneath the first door, no lights came from within the next room. It was pitch black, just as it was designed to be. The walls were painted a black matte, and the sparse furnishings in the room were black as well. There was little opportunity for any light to seep in, or be reflected from any surface.
I felt my way carefully through the doorway, laying a hand on the silken rope on my left while I pulled the door closed behind me. The lightweight fabric rope would lead me safely to the bed that awaited further in the room.
I'd been in this room before, but never while it was in active use. It felt like there was a vast, endless chasm of darkness around me, though I knew in reality that the room was not very large, just an average 12 x 12 bedroom. I felt a surge of adrenaline. Irrationally, I thought to myself that my next step could lead me to plunge off a cliff in the absolute darkness.
I took a moment to enjoy the thick, plush carpet beneath my bare feet, wiggling my toes. Soft, instrumental music played quietly from an overhead speaker. I inhaled slowly, deeply. My nose found what it sought: the slightly spicy fragrance that wafted through the room, one I had developed specifically for use in some of the Club areas. It was based on my favorite candle, one which put me in mind of the scent of a man fresh from a shower and a shave, clean, but with the musk of arousal about him.
"Hello?" I asked softly.
"On the bed," a low male voice responded. There was a rough note of excitement in his voice. The sound brought goosebumps out on my arms. "Are your clothes off?"
"Yes."
"Are you looking for anything specific?"
"Nothing specific." I paused, considering. "I don't do anal, and I don't do pain," I replied.
"Fine. If you want to fuck, come to the bed. Otherwise, I expect you can find your way back out and I'll keep waiting."
I was amused, envisioning myself unable to escape the room I had helped design. A moment later, I realized that despite his blunt approach, I was becoming aroused by this anonymous man who hadn't even touched me yet.
"Come on then," he said impatiently.
I repressed the nervous, excited laugh that threatened to burst out of my throat. Slowly, carefully, I followed the rope to its end. I heard movement from the direction of the bed and at the end of my short walk, I bumped gently into the man waiting for me. One of his hands brushed across my right breast, the other found my arm, grasping it above the wrist. I laid a hand lightly on his forearm to maintain my balance.
"I don't want to spend time talking," he said roughly. "I'm not here for kisses and getting to know each other. I've been edging all day, and I just want to fuck someone before my balls burst."
He took my hand and placed it on his semi-hard cock.
"Get me hard," he demanded.
I squeezed the meat in my hand firmly, and felt a responding swelling.
His hands bumped against me, fumbling until he was able to grasp my breasts, one in each hand. He kneaded them firmly, pushing them together, then pulling them apart a couple of times. He ran his palms over the tops, stroking back and forth, brushing my nipples as he did. They grew taut at his touch.
"I'll bet your nipples get hard when the wind blows," he commented. He pinched them between his thumb and forefinger, while I squeezed and stroked his growing arousal. I shifted and sighed as he rolled my nipples between his fingers. "You like that." It wasn't a question. "Are you getting wet?"
"Yes," I answered, my breath a short gasp. I realized we were both speaking in low, quiet voices, as if we were afraid to speak at a regular volume here in the darkness.
He began to drag his palm down over my belly, his fingers tickling my pubic mound as his fingers fumbled between my lips.
"You are dripping wet," he commented, index finger slipping between my folds, entering my slick channel. A second finger joined the first, and he pushed them deeply inside me. I found I was rubbing myself against his hand. My breathing sounded incredibly loud in my ears.
Without the use of my eyes, every touch on my skin felt magnified a hundred times.
I ran my hand over him slowly, feeling the silken soft head of his cock under my fingertips. I ran the pad of my thumb down the underside of his cock. He sucked in a loud breath as I reached the base.
His cock was hard, hot, and throbbing in my hand. I felt impatience in his touch now, his hand rougher on my breast and where he stroked me between my legs. If he continued using his hand on me, I knew I would cum soon. My clit was normally very sensitive, and his thumb brushed over it each time he moved his fingers in and out of me.
Reaching out, I brushed my fingertips lightly across his chest and down his stomach, enjoying the ticklish sensation that radiated through my fingers as I touched his skin.
I realized my eyes had adjusted, and I could make out his dim shape, even if I couldn't see any details.
"This is hotter than I imagined it would be," he muttered, seemingly to himself.
"It is," I agreed, feeling a warm flush spreading across my chest.
I found it difficult to judge his cock size in the dark. Whatever the reality was, he felt large in my hand. I dropped my free hand to fondle his balls, moving carefully until I was certain of the terrain. Rolling first one, then the other in my fingers elicited a low moan from him. The sound caused me to shiver delicately.
"Lie on the bed and spread your legs," he demanded. "I just want to drive my cock into your sopping wet cunt until I explode. I'm going to fill you up, lady."
"Hurry," I urged him, feeling his words sweep through me, taking the fire inside me from a small blaze to an inferno in seconds. Normally, the idea of a man using me for his own satisfaction without a care for my own would not have interested me. Here in the Dark Room with this complete stranger, I found it was exactly what I wanted. "Hurry," I repeated.
I found the bed and sprawled backwards on it, scooting myself to the center. He came fumbling after me, lowering himself onto the mattress, sliding up and over me, his hip leaning into mine as he positioned himself.
His skin on mine was a divine torture. My senses had heightened to the point where having so much of him pressed against me was driving me into an erotic frenzy. I took a moment to revel in the blend of the luxurious softness of the cool sheets beneath me, and the heat from the male body above me.
He growled, low and urgently, and I felt the rumble clear to my toes.
"Say it," he whispered hoarsely.
"Fuck me," I growled back. "Fuck me hard." I felt his cockhead slipping around my vulva, searching for my entrance. I spread my legs wider, and suddenly he was there, pressing forward, the head of his cock slipping into my soaked tunnel.
He drove forward, grunting harshly, and slammed himself to the hilt inside me. I gave a sharp cry, and wrapped an arm around his shoulders, clinging to him. He slipped his arms beneath me and I was ensnared by him. His breath was hot and fast against my cheek, as he pressed his face into my neck.
He began pounding into me, and I worked to find his rhythm and match it with my own hips. The sound we made as our bodies met seemed to crash and echo around the room like thunder. He grunted softly every time he drove forward. There were wet sucking noises made by the mingling of our juices and our bodies.
"Take that cock," he whispered urgently into my ear. "Take it, take that hard cock."
We clung together frantically, bucking wildly against each other. I inhaled deeply. The aroma of sex was in the air, tangy and sweet at the same time.
"I've got a big load for you," he ground out. "Been saving it all day just for this."
He wrapped his fist in my hair, tugging slightly. Our loud, harsh breathing and the pounding of my heart were all I could hear. Both sounds roared in my ears. I teetered on the brink of orgasm, becoming aware of the small cries coming from my mouth every time he slammed himself forward. I felt so full of him. I was sure that everything I felt emanated from the juncture between my legs and nowhere else, that place where a stranger drove himself into me relentlessly while I begged him for more.
"Fuck yes," I cried out, my pelvis straining upward. His rhythm changed to short, fast, and hard thrusts. He was grunting harder with the effort. "I'm cumming, oh fuck, that's it!"
Pleasure exploded inside of me, a tsunami that ripped through my nervous system. My pussy spasmed, gripping and pulling at the rigid shaft inside of me. I gave a short scream as I came hard.
"Ahhhh, fuck!" the man growled.
He gave his own loud cry and buried himself deep inside of me, pressing hard. I dug my hands into his firm ass cheeks as they clenched with his orgasm. I pulled him tightly against me and felt his cock throbbing and jerking inside of me as he unleashed a torrent of cum deep inside my still rippling walls.
We were both panting and heaving hard with exertion. He gave one more growl as he pressed his hips even further forward, grinding himself against me. I could feel his seed seeping from my lips, trickling down my lower ass cheeks. We were damp, skin slickened with sweat.
"Uh, god," he said weakly, collapsing onto me. I circled both arms around him, clinging tightly, trying to draw him into my skin. I didn't know him, but I knew his body. His scents, his sounds, the feel of him throbbing inside of me, in time with my own heartbeat.
After a chance to catch his breath, he raised his upper body off me, making it easier for me to breathe. I released my hold on him, shifting my hands to grip his upper arms, as his dark form hovered over me.
"Intense," he murmured, shifting his hips and pulling back without pulling out.
"Yes," I replied simply.
Our breathing had calmed, and yet, still sounded loud to my ears. Feeling somewhat disoriented, I closed my eyes. Relaxing, I became aware again of the light music, and I allowed myself to drift along with it. I let my hands slide away from the stranger in the bed, and drop to my sides. My fingers moved restlessly along the smooth material beneath me, and I fancied I could feel every single woven thread with my sensitive fingertips.
My partner intruded on my peaceful reverie when he pulled away from me and rose from the bed.
"I'm going," he announced. "I, uh, it was...I enjoyed myself. A great deal."
I smiled, although I knew he couldn't see it.
"I did as well. Would you mind changing the board to indicate I'm waiting in here? I think I'll stay a bit, and I'd rather not get up."
"Certainly," he said stiffly, causing me to wonder whether felt I'd imposed on him in some way.
"Thank you," I said, and sighed happily. My nervous system was still buzzing with the sensuous high of being taken by stranger in the dark. He'd been more forceful than most of my lovers of the past, intent on taking with no care of a return. I'd received pleasure from it regardless, and my body was still feeling the effects. My mind was finding the Dark Room a feast for at least three of my senses. I wondered if I might be able to indulge my sense of taste before the night was done.
After my anonymous lover had left, I fumbled slightly for the small bed table on the far side of the bed, opening a small drawer there and reaching my hand inside. I found a packet of wet wipes that we stashed in nearly every room, and I used one to clean myself up. My rough stranger had not lied about how much of a load he'd been building up.
I lay back on the bed again, allowing myself to enjoy the peace of the room once more. I felt my muscles relax as I breathed the lightly scented air. The sex had been somewhat rough, and he had used my body without regard, but that hadn't bothered me. The man had been abrupt, which wasn't something that would normally encourage me to spend time with him. Still, he had given my body what it needed, and had not required any mental energy from me, which helped settle my restless mind. I took a deep breath, held it a few seconds, and released it slowly, melting into the bed. My limbs had the lethargic feel that told my mind that I had been well-satisfied. The deep tension in my body had drained away as I recovered from my orgasm. The stillness of the room washed through me. I took a moment to appreciate the care that had gone into the design of its alternate reality.
My deep state of meditation was interrupted when the door to the room was abruptly shoved open, and I heard two voices having a quiet argument, accompanied by a low scuffle. The voices sounded young.
"Go in already, stop being a puss," demanded one voice.
"I'm not being a puss," the other voice snapped.
"Great, see ya later then," the first voice said, his laughter cut off as he slammed the door shut, apparently staying in the entry room.
I heard a nervous shuffling.
"Can you find the rope all right?" I asked softly, curious about who was here.
"Wh-what?" the voice stammered.
"To your left, about waist high, there's a lead to the bed. Just take it and walk. You won't run into anything if you follow it."
He came forward hesitantly, and I sat on the edge of the bed until his toes bumped into my own.
"Oh! Sorry!"
"It's all right." I paused. "You seem nervous," I said, being gentle with my tone.
"Well..." He cleared his throat. "It's really dark."
I hid my amusement. Once again, both occupants of the room found themselves talking in low, soft voices.
"It is. But that's part of what makes it exciting, isn't it?"
"Yeah, yeah, I guess so." He cleared his throat. "So, uh, what should I do now?"
"Would you like to tell me your name?"
"Michael." He cleared his throat again.
"Well, Michael, would you care to lay on the bed with me for a bit? We can just talk for a while, if you want." I was growing more curious. He seemed a bit younger than our average member.
"Oh, uh, yeah, okay."
I slid over and made room for him on the bed, stretching out on my side. He fumbled briefly, then I felt the bed move as he climbed carefully onto it. I could hear and feel him getting himself comfortable.
"So, do you mind if I ask how old you are?"
"Nineteen," he answered. "You?" He interrupted before I could speak. "Oh shit, no that's rude, asking a woman her age. Sorry. Just forget I asked that."
I smiled in the dark, both charmed and amused. He seemed so sincere and nervous that I was careful not to let my amusement show.
"I'm not going to tell you my name for now, Michael. I hope you don't mind."
"No, that's okay."
"Would you turn on your left side? And would it be okay if I touched you?"
"Yeah, umm, yeah."
He moved to position himself as requested, and I scooted closer, so that we were lying face to face. We were at least two feet apart from what I could tell when I reached my arm forward.
I found his hand, and took it. He squeezed my fingers tightly. His palm was a bit damp, but I didn't mind.
"So tell me how a nineteen-year-old came to be in the members' only area of this Club. Are you a member?" I knew we didn't have any members around his age.
"I'm a guest. My, my friend's dad, that was my friend at the door," he said in a rush, "he gave us VIP passes for tonight to come here. He's a member. He said he'd arranged it. He wanted us to go, um, have a good time."
"And are you? Having a good time?"
"It's kind of amazing," he said a little breathlessly. "We went to this theatre thing earlier. I didn't think I was going to like it, you know, theatre." I could almost hear him rolling his eyes. "But damn, that wasn't like any play my parents ever dragged me to."
"So you liked it?" I asked in a husky voice, wondering if he had any idea that he was about to fuck one of the actors.
"Oh yeah," he said. "And people are having sex all over the place here!" He paused. "Were you at the play?"
I almost laughed.
"I saw it last week," I said, artfully dodging the question. "Does it make you aroused, seeing what goes on here?" I rubbed my thumb over the back of his hand. He had soft hands.
"Yeah," he whispered. His breathing was heavier.
"Have you got a girlfriend?" I asked, abruptly changing the subject.
"No. Not right now."
"Are you in school?"
"University." I pulled his hand toward me, and placed it on my hip, moving just a couple of inches closer to him. His fingers gripped my hip restlessly.
"Is there a girl in class you have a crush on? One you want to ask out? Tell me who gets you hot and bothered at school." I reached out and stroked his chest.
"My chemistry teacher," he said in a rush. "She's hot."
"Would you fuck her if you got the chance?"
"Hell yeah."
I ran my hand up to his shoulder and down his arm, placing my palm on the back of his hand where it rested on my hip. I lifted his hand and placed it on my breast. I heard him suck in a noisy breath.
"Are you a virgin?" I asked delicately.
"No." He squeezed my breast gently. "I'm just not real experienced, but I've had sex." He sighed. "I get nervous around girls. I don't know how to talk to them, I guess." He sighed again. "I thought college might be different, you know?"
I scooted even closer to him, now just inches apart. Before, I had always been the more inexperienced partner. This was the first time I was with someone who had less experience and I found it intriguing. I actually had not expected this situation to come up in the Club.
"Are you hard?" I whispered.
"Yeah."
"Have you fucked anyone else yet tonight?"
"No. I, uh, I jerked off during the play though. But I wasn't the only one," he said, sounding defensive. "It was so hot. And it was hot hearing people getting off around us." His voice dropped to a bare whisper. "There was a lady three seats down fingering herself." He laughed nervously.
I was tempted to ask him which part he liked best, but I also found I wanted to get away from the topic of the play, just as I had wanted to get away from the eyes of an audience for a while. It seemed the audience had found me anyway, but this time I had the protective cover of darkness to conceal me.
"Michael, I'm going to lay on my back, and I want you to touch me. Touch me everywhere, understand?"
"Yes," he replied, his voice cracking with a tremor of excitement.
I rolled onto my back, and he moved onto his knees. Then his heavy, soft hands came down on my shoulders, and his fingers went to work running themselves over my body.
He was clumsy and uncertain, but he was exciting me with the idea of what I might do with him.
"What's your chemistry teacher's name?"
"Dr. Daniels," he said absently, playing inexpertly with my nipples. Inexperienced or not, but my body was responding and warming up for him.
"Do you know her first name?"
"Ann." He was breathing louder now.
Again, I felt the disorientation of being there in the darkness, lost in sensations that were being magnified by my inability to use my sight.
"I want you to call me Ann, okay?" I whispered, finding the inside of his knee with my hand. I began to stroke him in small circles, traveling slowly up his leg.
"Yes, Ann," he answered obediently, as his fingers brushed over my pubic mound. "Oh wow."
"I'm wet, Michael. I'm wet for you. Touch me and see for yourself."
His eager fingers spread me open, and his touch was heavy on my inner lips. He rubbed his fingertips over my slit, somewhat roughly. I didn't mind; he wasn't hurting me, he was simply unsure.
"Oh wow," he said again, as one fingertip pressed itself inside of me.
"Like this," I offered, taking his hand, coaching his fingers while I whispered verbal instructions to him. I'd never had to the chance to lead someone quite so strongly before. I was enjoying my new role as an educator.
My hand encountered fabric as I finally made it to the juncture of his thighs.
"You're wearing your boxers?" I asked.
"Uhhh, yeah. Sorry?"
"Take them off, Michael. I want to touch your erection. You're hard, aren't you?"
"Oh, fuck yeah," he said, reluctantly taking his hand away to obey my command.
"Hand them to me. If you lose them in here, they'll be hard to find again."
I set the offered scrap of fabric on the bed table as he returned to his prior position, and eagerly returned his hand between my legs, while the other groped my breast again.
When my fingers found his rigid cock, he sucked in a loud breath and groaned. I could tell by the feel of him that he was uncut.
"Oh shitohmygodohhell," he muttered rapidly, his hands stilling on me as I grasped him firmly.
"I want you to fuck me with this," I said in a sultry tone, squeezing lightly. "I want you to imagine I'm Dr. Daniels and give me your cock. The way you long to do when you're sitting in class, staring at my tits and dreaming about giving me a good fucking." I felt the juices between my legs begin to flow more heavily in response to my own words. I was getting restless under his touch, and I needed more than groping hands.
I was glad for the darkness. Glad we couldn't see each other, and that I could play a role for him tonight, one that didn't involve an audience or other actors.
He clambered over me and I felt his straining cock pressed lengthwise against my slit. I gave him another set of instructions, and guided him to my opening. I bent my legs, putting my feet flat on the mattress, spreading my legs wider.
"Now, Michael, fuck me now," I whispered. "Pretend I've invited you into my office and offered you my wet pussy for your own pleasure."
He groaned and pushed forward. I gasped a bit as his cockhead entered me, though he wasn't any bigger than average, as far as I could tell. In the darkness, everything was distorted.
"Ann," he moaned into my ear, propped on his elbows. I gripped his ass cheeks as he hesitated to push deeper, and I drew him further inside my hot, waiting hole. "Oh god, Ann, I wanted to fuck you for so long." He was breathing heavily, loudly. The sound seemed to echo in the room.
"Give it to me," I begged. I let my hands drop to his hips, and I guided him until he had established a decent rhythm. I bucked my hips up against him with each downward stroke he made. "That's it, Michael, just like that. Give it to me." I let myself be Ann, so that I could relish this young man's lust for me, if not exactly his technique. It was exciting in a new way, and I let that feeling enter me with each of his thrusts.
Beneath him, I made encouraging sounds, allowing my fingers to dig into his buttocks as we continued rocking together. He was gentler than the man before him, though with each passing moment, he was beginning to thrust faster; it wouldn't be much longer, judging by the sound of his groans.
"You're my favorite student, Michael," I said, my hips rising to meet his thrusts. "I've wanted you to fuck me for weeks now. I know you watch me."
"Ahhhhhh!" he grunted, "I'm gonna cum! I'm gonna cum, Ann!" His pace grew frantic, any attempts at maintaining rhythm lost to his impending orgasm. "Ahhh! Ohgodohgod, yeah, I'm cumming!" He gave a final, hard thrust, burying his spurting cock inside me. I held him tight to me, as I had the man before him. I could feel the pulsing of his cock as he pressed down on me.
"Michael," I whispered, kissing him gently. His tongue plunged into my mouth, sweeping around, as he shuddered with the last of his release. I had high hopes for him then; his kissing had promise.
Unlike the man before him, he immediately rolled off of me.
"Was that--did you? I mean, did you cum, too?"
I hadn't, though I could feel the nearness of my release. If he'd lasted a bit longer, I would have gotten there with him.
"Touch me here," I said, and pressed his first two fingers of one hand against my sensitive clit. "Like this." I coached him again on the right touch, and he brought me to orgasm with his fingertips, causing me to cry out wordlessly while my thighs shook with my release.
The two remarkably different encounters in the Dark Room had reenergized me and restored my equilibrium. The undefined need I'd sensed in myself had been satisfied, and I was ready to face the light again, sated and calm.
"Listen," I instructed. "Go to the reception desk and ask if Nancy is available. You'll like her." Nancy was near forty, had a very 'sexy librarian' vibe, and would have the patience to teach a young man. I thought she'd be perfect for Michael. If she took to him on their initial meeting, he was likely to have a thoroughly educational, as well as entertaining, weekend.
I left Michael stammering out his thanks and hastily pulling on his boxers as I closed the door behind me, and re-entered the world of light.
... More to come ...
Thanks to andyinoz for the continued assistance in editing these chapters. Any remaining mistakes are definitely the fault of the author. Also, I must thank some Lit friends who did advanced reading to provide feedback.