All characters involved in any sexual activities in this story were over the legal age of consent when the events took place.
Part 04 - The Holiday
===============
We spent a few days deciding where we wanted to go. We both wanted somewhere lively, but at the same time we wanted somewhere where we could have some quiet time together. In the end we settled for Malia on the Greek island of Crete. There's a lively seafront that has lots of clubs and bars; and a quiet old village on the land side of all those clubs. We settled on a smallish hotel that consists of about 12 blocks of 4 rooms spread on a hillside near the old village. It would be somewhere where we could recover from the hectic nights and not be surrounded by people wanting to party 24 x 7.
As soon as we'd got that settled and booked Lucy told me that she'd have to get some new bikinis and sun wear. I wasn't sure what she meant by 'sun wear' but I told her to get online, find what she wanted and order it.
"Why can't we get them in town so that I can model them for you in the shop?"
I had to spoil her fun by saying,
"Unfortunately you can't have any fun flashing me, or anyone else who just happens to be there because there are no shops round here that sell anything like what I imaging you are looking for."
Just talking about and imagining Lucy in an almost nothing bikini got me hard again and we got distracted from the holiday for a while.
Lucy later spent 2 hours on the PC ordering what she wanted. I never realised that bikinis were so expensive.
Lucy also told me that she'd have to start swimming again to tone-up her body. I told her that she couldn't improve on perfect; but she insisted. We had to go swimming 2 nights a week until we went on the holiday.
The following lunchtime Lucy went shopping for a one-piece swimsuit. When I asked her why not a bikini she told me that we were going to the pool to swim, not mess about.
When Lucy finally got back she had a little bag but she wouldn't let me see what she'd bought.
We rushed home after work and went straight out to the pool. The pool has family changing rooms and we used one and I got to see Lucy's one-piece swimsuit; and WOW was the only word that I could use to describe it.
There's no way that it is a proper swimsuit; it's more like underwear.
It was a sort of sleeveless, backless, sideless bodysuit with high cut sides to the bottom part; her back was uncovered (apart from straps) right down to the top of the crack of her butt. The sides scoop so low that there was nothing down to the one inch sides on her hips. The front was so low-cut that I could see right down to her belly button. And what's more, it's made out of this very fine yellow mesh material. If Lucy had a big black bush it would have hung out of the sides and the hair that was covered would have been clearly visible through the mesh.
It clung to her body like paint. Her nipples were rock hard and I could see every detail of them. She had a wonderful camel toe, only interrupted by the bulge of her clit.
And all that was before it got wet.
I wanted to pounce on Lucy even before we left the changing room but she was having nothing of it. She was there to swim and swim she did.
The pool that we chose has part of the main pool marked off in lanes for the dedicated swimmers and that was where we went. Lucy dove in and she was off. Nothing was going to stop her and there was no way that I could keep up with her. Most of the time I just stood there and watched her glide through the water. By the time that we left I was knackered just watching her.
When Lucy got out of the water I realised why she'd picked a yellow costume. When it's wet you can see straight through it. She may as well have been naked as we walked back to the changing room and in to the showers. At that time of the evening there were very few people there and those that were there either didn't see her, or they ignored her state of dress.
I didn't; no sooner than she'd peeled it off in the changing room I pulled her to me and had her there and then. I had to hold my hand over her mouth so that no one could hear her moans and screams.
And that got repeated twice a week until we left for our holiday.
Four weeks later we packed our bags and set off for the airport. I was surprised how little Lucy packed, less than me. When I asked her why she told me that she didn't intend wearing much for most of the time. As for her travelling outfit, it consisted of the white tank top with the lace panel at the top, and a thin, cotton, 'A' shaped micro skirt. She'd adjusted the straps on her top so that both her nipples were sticking through the lace. She said that she felt like she had nothing on. I told her that she came into the 'barely dressed' category. She giggled and squeezed my cock through my trousers.
I asked her if she intended for her nipples to be exposed and she told me that exposing her nipples was only the start; when she got to Greece she intended to expose a lot more than that.
At the airport she kept flashing her butt and / or pussy as she bent to pick-up and put down her case. I also noticed that the girl on the check-in, the security and the passport control people all stared at her, but none of them said anything.
When it came time to get on the plane she insisted that I go up the steep steps first. When I looked behind (below) her I realised why; there were a group of young men looking up her skirt.
On the plane Lucy sat in the middle seat of a group of 3. For most of the journey she was leaning over with her head on my chest and I had my arm round her. When my hand drifted down to her butt I discovered that most of her butt was exposed. I'd wondered why the man on her other side was always looking our way.
About 4 hours later we arrived at Heraklion airport and then got the coach to Malia. The coach was full of young people all intent on having a great time. Many of them had opened their duty free booze and were getting very happy.
Our room was on the ground floor of a block on the side of the hill. It had everything that we needed, including a balcony big enough for us both to lie out, and a view of the small pool. A path went down the side, and across the front of our balcony. I told Lucy that we'd have to be careful what we left on the balcony, and what we got up to on the balcony (The balcony front has a wall about half height and metal railings up to about waist height).
Lucy giggled and said,
"Oh goody an audience."
I wasn't sure what she meant at the time, but I soon found out. After having a shower she walked out onto the balcony totally naked and let the sun dry her hair.
When a young couple walked past the balcony she just smiled and said "Hi" to them.
It was then that I remembered that Lucy hadn't brought many clothes and her saying that she didn't intend to wear many. I smiled to myself, got a hard-on and remembered that I am a very lucky man.
I unpacked my clothes then we decided to go for a walk and get the lay of the land. I put some shorts on and Lucy went and got a bikini out of her bag. She went to the bathroom to put it on, which was a bit strange; she'd never been shy getting dressed or undressed before. When she came out I realised why. She was looking for the shock effect that it would have on me.
Lucy certainly got that. The bikini consists of 3 metal rings, one for each nipple and one for her clit; and yellow strings holding them in place.
I stood there, stared and said,
"Fucking hell Lucy, are you really going to go out like that."
"Of course, what's wrong with it?"
After a few seconds pause while I thought of something to say I said,
"Absolutely nothing; what there is of it. I hope there aren't any policemen about."
"I've read that there aren't many policemen around here, too many cuts after the financial mess that the bankers and politicians got the country into."
"I hope that you're right." I said as I locked the balcony door and opened the main door.
As we walked around the hotel grounds no one took much notice of us (Lucy). Lucy was walking around virtually naked, and acting as if it was something that was quite normal. By the lack of reactions, people were obviously used to seeing nearly naked girls. All the people that we did see were about our age, no kids. Only 2 young men's eyes seemed to follow Lucy; which was quite understandable.
We bypassed reception and walked out onto the street and down the road towards the beach. The closer we got to the lively part, and the beach, the more people we saw. I was happy to see that all the girls wore bikinis, not may wearing their tops, and about half wearing thong bottoms. Apart from Lucy's pussy being on display, her bikini fitted in quite well with the others. It wasn't until we got to the edge of the beach that we saw a naked girl. She didn't look drunk or drugged and looked to be quite happy being naked.
I put my arm round Lucy and started to relax. It was going to be an 'interesting' holiday.
"I feel a little over-dressed." Lucy said.
I laughed and replied,
"I'm sure that you'll find a way to solve that problem."
We walked round in a big circle before finding a café to get something to eat. None of the staff batted an eyelid when they saw Lucy. As I was eating I wondered just how long it would be before Lucy was walking around totally naked. I got a hard-on.
The sun was going down as we left the café to walk back to the hotel. About half way back Lucy took her top off and gave it to me saying,
"That's better; I don't feel so over-dressed now."
She gave me the bikini top and I put it in my pocket. As we walked I looked at her magnificent tits.
All during our walk we never saw any kids or anyone who looked over 35 (apart from the locals that is).
Back in the room we decided to have a quick nap before hitting the bars. We didn't get that nap; as soon as we got on the bed I leant over, kissed Lucy and thanked her for being her. One thing led to another and she ended up riding my cock for ages.
After about 10 minutes I looked out to the balcony and saw someone walking past. Our curtains were open and the light was on. If they looked they would have been able to see us and what we were doing. I told Lucy and she didn't surprise me when she said,
"Yes I know, do you think that we could sell tickets? Next time we'll leave the patio doors open so that they can hear us as well."
On the subject of the balcony, Lucy and I had sex out there quite a lot. Lucy was keen on doing it there probably because of the chances of being caught. After having a shower Lucy would often go out onto the balcony to let the gentle warm breeze help dry her hair.
A few times when I had finished my shower I went out and put my arms round her and she asked me to step back. When I did she backed up then bent forward and put her arms on the railing. This left her butt at the ideal angle for me to fuck her from behind; so I did.
The second time that I was about to enter her Lucy asked me to slap her butt. When I did she said,
"Harder!"
She repeated this after each slap until my hand was getting sore, so was her red butt.
I could see that she was getting really turned on and just as I thought she was about to cum she said,
"Fuck me, please fuck me Jack."
I did, and as she started cumming a couple of lads walked by and stopped when they saw us. One of the lads said,
"Give her one for me mate!"
I nodded to them then shot my load into her.
We had to have another shower before going out.
The third time that Lucy was out on the balcony drying her hair, and she presented her butt to me, I spanked her hard; and kept going even when she asked me to fuck her. My hand got too sore so I took my leather belt off and continued with that. It wasn't long before Lucy had an orgasm; a rather noisy one that attracted a bit of attention from our neighbours. One couple watched us until we went back inside.
I promised that we'd explore this new source of pleasure for her when we got back home.
Lucy's Holiday Wardrobe
----------------------------
It may help you if I describe the sum total of clothes that Lucy took on holiday.
Swimwear
-----------
The rings bikini. I've already mentioned this - 3 metal rings, one for each nipple and one for her clit; and yellow strings holding them in place.
The slingshot. One string coming out of the butt crack and going up her back to her shoulders where it splits into two and goes over her shoulders and each string opens to 2 inches wide rugby ball shape to go over her nipples. The material in these 'rugby balls' is see-through. The 2 strings then narrow to next to nothing and go down either side of her vulva, framing her slit and clit nicely.
The material less thong. Just like a normal thong bikini bottom except that it has no material, only the strings.
The cup less top. Matching the material less thong; it only has strings.
The figure of 8 - This thong(?) thing is like 2 large rubber bands sewn together for about 2 inches. The joined part went in between her butt cheeks. From the back the 'thing' looked just like a thong; but the 2 strings that went from her butt forward split and went either side of her vulva then on and up to her hips. All of her pussy and pubes were un-covered.
The Band Aid; yes, band aids. Three of them that just cover the best bits of her body (apart from her magnificent face and long blonde hair).
Lucy took 3 bikini tops, one is see-through and the second has no cups, just the strings. The third one is the metal rings one.
The dresses
-------------
The red backless, large hole mesh, see-through micro dress.
The fishnet little black dress. From a distance it looks like a normal strappy dress, but when you about 3 yards to her you realise that you can see-through the holes.
The white babydoll dress -- probably made as a night dress -- totally see-through.
The black strips dress -- The back is made of one inch strips of material with two inch gaps between them. The front is totally see-through.
The skirts
-----------
Black half sarong -- see-through.
Red half sarong -- see-through.
The frill skirt -- A white 2 inch band round the top with a 6 inch flared, see-through bottom part.
The thin, cotton, 'A' shaped micro skirt that she wore for travelling.
The sailor suite -- A black, very see-through school skirt only 10 inches long with a see-through white top that has black edging and sailor looking collar.
The tops
---------
Lucy only took 2 tops with her, the white tank top with the lace front panel; and a 'V' neck cami. The cami was for emergencies and never got worn.
As you can see, the clothes that Lucy took in her suitcase didn't take up much space.
The Bars
======
These were brilliant. We only once saw one policeman anywhere near the bars; and that was after a fight had started. I don't know where the policeman had to come from, but that fight had long finished by the time he got there.
It didn't take us long to realise that it was a case of anything goes, just as long as no one gets hurt or damages anything.
It wasn't uncommon to see a couple having sex anywhere slightly off the beaten track and we saw at least 3 naked people (boys and girls) on the streets each night.
Lucy and I did have sex on the streets a couple of times. With Lucy's lack of clothing it was quite easy for us to do it. Lucy said that she loved having sex with people walking past just a few feet away. I think that she secretly wanted to get caught.
With the weather being so nice and warm, no one was wearing much; especially the girls. Topless was very common and lots of girls just wore underwear thongs.
Lucy had put on her red backless micro dress the first night that we went out; she looked magnificent. As soon as she saw a naked girl she slipped the dress off and asked me to put it in my pocket. There was hardly any material to the dress so it fitted in easily. She drank and danced naked for the rest of that night, even walking back to the hotel naked.
After that if we only intended to go to a bar(s) on an evening, Lucy went wearing only shoes. Not once did anyone complain although a couple of drunk, fat bitches called her a slut and the men wouldn't stop looking at her. I guess that they were looking at her naked body, but it could have been her beautiful face.
Some of the bars had competition nights. These were always aimed at getting people naked. You could never win a wet T-shirt competition if you didn't get naked.
The wet T-shirt competitions
--------------------------------
Lucy entered 3 of these. In each one she ripped the T-shirt off and danced in a very sexy way, thrusting her naked hips at the audience with her legs open. She came runner-up in the first one she entered; the winner (who was on after her) frigged herself at the front of the stage. Lucy wasn't too happy, and she won the other 2 competitions that she entered by getting down on her spread knees, leaning back and frigging herself to orgasm, right in front of everyone. I'm sure that she was quite vocal but no one heard her above all the cheering. The camera flashes recorded her pleasure for ever.
Afterward that second competition Lucy came back to me and told me that she'd really enjoyed making herself cum with all those people watching. She told me that there was only one thing better, and that was for me to fuck her in front of an audience.
I was relatively sober at the time and wasn't too keen on the idea; but if it made Lucy happy then I'd do it. I strongly suspected that she'd find a way of making it happen.
The mechanical bull
----------------------
Lucy also flaunted her spread pussy on the mechanical bull that was in one bar. She took her nothing thong off just before it was her turn. She said that she wanted to experience it totally naked. The whole audience saw just how wet she was, and judging by the number of camera flashes, a lot of people would enjoys seeing her like that for a long time after that night.
The simulated sex competition
----------------------------------
Another bar did this game that involved simulating sex. They got 5 couples up onto the stage and they took it in turn to simulate having sex in their 3 favourite positions. We watched a couple of times that the game was played, on a couple of nights, to see what people did and how far that they'd try to go before the staff stopped them.
We discovered that the later it was in the night the further they'd let the couple go. During the first game of the night the men had to keep their underwear on.
In the next game the men were told that they could get naked but actual penetration was not allowed. The girls loved looking at the men's hard-ons.
By about 1 o'clock in the morning, all restrictions were gone; and most of the inhibitions. This was the time that Lucy wanted to enter.
When we got picked to play Lucy took her nothing thong off. Along with 4 other couples we stood on the stage waiting to start. One girl was wearing a bikini, another, just a bikini bottom. The third just a pair of shorts and the fourth just an underwear thong.
The first position that we had to simulate was the doggy position.
Full bikini couple went first, the man keeping his shorts on. They weren't very good.
The shorts girl went second and her man took his shorts off but kept his boxers on. The girls in the audience cheered at the tent in his boxers.
Bikini bottoms was next and her melons swung from side to side as her male partner pretended to fuck her from inside his shorts.
Underwear thong was more daring, so was her boyfriend. He got naked and his hard-on pressed against the thong.
Then it was our turn. Lucy got on her hands and knees (wide open) with her butt to the audience. The MC had to turn her so that her side was to the audience. I knew that I had to drop my shorts and I was glad that I'd had a few beers.
The girls cheered at my average hard-on. I got behind Lucy who was wagging her butt at me (and the audience, by that time she'd shuffled back round a bit).
I put the tip of my cock to Lucy's hole and tried to push her back and forward to simulate sex, but without actually entering her. It was a waste of time pretending because Lucy soon got out of rhythm and pushed back on my cock as I was going forward.
The audience saw what had happened and cheered. All pretence was gone and I thrust into Lucy about a dozen times before the MC came over and told us to stop. When we got up my cock was sparkling with Lucy's juices.
The next position was where the girl lays on her back, opens her legs wide and raises them as far up and back as she can. The first 3 couples were quite boring compared to the last 2. Underwear thong girl's thong rode up exposing her hole, and her man actually entered her; but quickly pulled out.
I knew that Lucy gave the audience the best possible view of her naked pussy. As soon as her legs were up she had a quick rub of her pussy; and when I got down my cock just entered her each time that I pretended to thrust into her. That wasn't enough for Lucy; my weight was on my 2 hands that were beside her chest and all of a sudden she pushed my arms away so that my whole weight went on to her; my cock going right into her.
The MC came over and told us to get up.
The third and last position was for the girl to ride the man reverse cowgirl. The first 3 couples were quite boring again, but underwear thong girl was better. She rubbed her hardly covered pussy along her boyfriend's cock but didn't impale herself.
I knew that Lucy would go all the way. My rock hard cock was ready and waiting as Lucy knelt over me. No rubbing along my cock for Lucy. She put her hand between her legs and held my cock straight up then down she went. The audience went wild as they could see everything.
Up and down Lucy went and the MC just watched. Lucy must have been really horny because she started to cum quite quickly, long before I was ready. She paused for a minute as her body spasms took control of her. She would have been screaming but no one would have been able to hear her.
Lucy started riding me again, this time faster. We both came at about the same time, much to the delight of our audience. This sex in public thing was okay!
We won the competition and got 250 euros.
On the way back to our hotel the naked Lucy told me that having sex with hundreds of people watching her had been amazing; she wanted to do it every day for the rest of her life.
The Miss Sexy Swimsuit competition
----------------------------------------
This gave Lucy a right dilemma; what to wear? In the end she decided on her slingshot suit. She wanted to leave our room wearing just that until I told her that she'd have more of an impact if she wore something over the top and then took it off on stage.
Lucy didn't have anything that wasn't see-through so she borrowed one of my T-shirts. It was more like a dress on her, and as we walked she complained that she was over dressed.
At the bar we got a drink and Lucy went and registered for the competition. When she got back she told me that the man had asked her if she's got anything on under the T-shirt. I was expecting her to tell me that she'd raised the hem and let him look at her framed, naked pussy, but she hadn't. She pulled the T-shirt neck to one side so that he could see the strap going over her shoulder. He'd also told her that all girls had to have their breasts covered to start with.
There were 8 girls in the competition. One by one they had to walk onto the stage where the MC would ask them their name, where they were from, and why they'd entered the competition. Then they had to dance for a couple of minutes before being sent off the stage.
Three of the girls were wearing ordinary bikinis. One was over-weight and looked horrible. Three more wore thong bikinis. All 3 had nice butts. Two of the thong girls took their tops off while they were dancing.
That left 1 other girl and Lucy. That other girl wore a slingshot as well, but there was one hell of a lot more material in hers. Her breasts were covered, as was her pubes.
All the girls had been stood at the back of the stage and Lucy had kept her T-shirt on until it was her turn. When it was she quickly wiped the T-shirt off and started walking over to the MC, adjusting the slingshot so that her nipples were covered.
The audience went crazy as Lucy stood at the front of the stage next to the MC. He spent a couple of minutes trying to get some quiet. All the time Lucy was stood there with her feet about a foot apart. I was well back in the audience and I could easily make out her clit sticking out. The guys at the front must have had a great view; and that view was getting captured on dozens of cameras. The flashes were almost non-stop.
Eventually the MC got some sort of control and started talking to Lucy. When he asked her name Lucy thrust her chest forward. This caused the little bit of material covering her nipples to slide off to the outside of her tits.
The MC lost control again, and the camera flashes went ballistic.
The MC lost it again when he asked Lucy why she'd entered the competition. Her reply was,
"Because I like people seeing my naked body."
As she was saying that she slid the straps off her shoulders and the whole slingshot dropped to the floor to ballistic camera flashes and deafening cheers.
The Nightclubs
----------------
We only went to a couple of these; the action in the bars was good enough for us. On the nights that we did go clubbing Lucy got dressed up. Well, it you could call totally see-through dresses dressed up.
The first club that we went to wasn't that nice, but there was one part of the night that Lucy enjoyed. They had a dancing competition where girls were invited onto the stage to dance. The competition was to see which girls would take the most clothes off. Lucy danced in just her dress until one of the other girls got down to just her thong, then Lucy dropped her dress and was the first girl to get totally naked.
Four other girls got naked as well, much to the delight of the crowd of mainly men watching.
Afterwards I suggested that Lucy have a part-time career as a stripper. Lucy's reply was,
"How would I go about starting that?"
The other club that we went to looked like a castle. It had a great foam area; dozens of people disappearing and coming out covered in the stuff. Of course Lucy wanted to go in, and when while there she took her dress off and got me to fuck her.
Three times while I was fucking her, people bumped into us. I don't think that they knew what we were doing.
Apart from the foam I didn't really like the place, there were too many fights going on and they got a bit too close to us for comfort.
The Hotel Pool
----------------
The hotel didn't have a big swimming pool, but it was popular particularly in the early evening. We liked to go there for early morning (ha!) swims and early evening relaxing before going out.
The pool bar was open while we were there on an evening. It was manned by a young man or a young girl. Neither seemed to be bothered by the lack of clothes on the girls, but I did see the barman having a word with one of the guys who'd dropped his shorts then dived into the pool.
The first time that we went there Lucy wore one of her nothing thongs; but when she realised that one or two other girls got naked, Lucy started walking to the pool totally naked, not even shoes.
It was usually a quick swim followed by some time on a sunbed, followed by another swim then back to our room to get showered and hair dried (Lucy).
Lucy liked to go to the pool looking as if she wasn't with me. Not that she didn't want me there. It was more a question of her liking the attention that she got from the lads when they thought that she was a naked girl on her own.
She'd go and swim then lay out with her legs open and wait for the vultures to pounce. She'd let them hit on her, and buy her a drink. All the time she'd be letting them look at her tits and bald pussy.
Meanwhile I'd be on another sunbed a few feet away.
After she'd had enough Lucy would 'dismiss' them then start rubbing suntan lotion on herself. That was my cue to go and offer to help her. I'd finish the job paying a lot of attention to her tits then her pussy.
You should have seen the faces on the lads that she'd dismissed.
Twice while I was rubbing the lotion on her pussy by the pool I gave her an orgasm. Now that sight did get a lot of stares.
That little game only worked a couple of times because the hotel didn't have that many groups of single lads staying there.
After that we concentrated on relaxing and soaking up the sun.
Lucy went to the pool one evening wearing just her band aids. She was covered until she went for a swim. The band aids didn't come out of the water. She said that she wanted to try wearing some more band aid and going to the bars, but she never got round to it.
The Beach
-----------
We went to one of the beaches on most days. Lucy liked the crowds. Having said that we often walked quite a distance looking for less crowded areas. I think that Lucy liked having people looking at her as we walked along. You see, Lucy hardly ever wore anything on the beach. The first couple of times she wore one of her nothing thongs, but once she realised that she could get away with wearing nothing the thongs came off as soon as she got there.
A couple of times she left our hotel wearing only her shoes and some suntan cream. On that subject, I was very pleased to find out that Lucy tans easily. By the end of the holiday she had a golden, all-over tan.
The beaches were crowded; thousands of 18-30s; a fair few of them 'happy' because of the booze that they'd taken to the beach or from the many beach bars. I never did see any kids or oldies there.
We often played the same game that we'd played by the hotel swimming pool. One day we played it 3 times. All we had to do was play the game then move a hundred yards down the beach and start all over again. On the beach Lucy always had an orgasm. She said that she got turned on by all the people watching her.
Most times that we were on the beach we saw places that were giving massages, Thai massages. About half way through the holiday I asked Lucy if she wanted one. She'd never had a massage before so after a short pause she said that she'd like one. We went over and watched the guy finish massaging a girl. The girl was only wearing a thong and Lucy was naked.
The guy wasn't at all phased by Lucy being naked.
It was an amazing sight watching the guy work on Lucy. She looked so relaxed. At one point while she was on her stomach she looked like she was asleep.
When the guy asked her to turn onto her back she was wide awake. In fact as he got nearer and nearer to her tits and pussy, the higher her chest went as her breathing got heavier and heavier.
The guy worked on her breasts but never actually touched her pussy. He didn't need to touch her pussy to make her cum. It wasn't her strongest orgasm, but it definitely was an orgasm. The guy just continued massaging her as if nothing had happened.
Afterwards Lucy said that she felt great and that I should have one. I told her that there was no way that I was going to let a guy put his hands all over me.
We'd seen the crane and people jumping off it a few times, but the first time that we walked right up to it Lucy decided that she wanted to do a Bungee Jump. Not an ordinary Bungee Jump, a naked Bungee Jump. A topless girl was bouncing up and down on the elastic at the time.
We went over to the man running the show and I asked if a naked girl could do the jump. He got out a board with dozens of photographs on it and pointed out a couple of naked girls hanging upside down. I turned to Lucy and gave her the thumbs-up.
When it came to Lucy's turn she unfastened her hair and walked to the yellow cage. The guys there smiled and welcomed her. Up they went and I could see one man fastening the bungee to her ankles. His face was inches from her pussy; I smiled as I thought that she would be enjoying that -- providing that her nerves weren't killing her. All too soon they were so high that I couldn't tell that it was Lucy up there.
After a few minutes the little gate opened and Lucy jumped out. My heart was in my mouth as she came hurtling to the water. She was screaming as she started to turn so that she was going down head first; then the bungee kicked in.
As she went back up her long blonde hair hung from her head and she was laughing her head off. A couple of bounces later she was lowered towards the platform where the cage had been. A man held out a pole for Lucy to grab and she was lowered onto her back on the platform. Two men then lifted her legs and in the process of unfastening the bungee they managed to spread her legs wide. They obviously wanted a good look at her pussy -- not that I blame them.
When Lucy came back to me she was still trembling with excitement. When I mentioned the open legs she couldn't remember it, or cared about it.
On another stroll along the beach we came across a game of volleyball. It was a game of guys vs. gals. All the girls were topless. We stood and watched them play for a while. Just as we were thinking of moving on, one of the girls took a bad fall and decided to stop playing.
One of the guys shouted that the girls team was a player short and would anyone like to take her place. A girl wearing a full bikini stuck her hand up, but Lucy just walked straight over to the pitch.
"Okay nudie blondie, you're in." a guy said.
The other girls said "Hi" and I heard one of them aske Lucy if she'd played before.
"Once or twice," was Lucy's reply.
As the game resumed I watched Lucy; or should I say, her breasts. All the other girl's breasts were bouncing about (one girl had massive tits and they must have hurt her as she ran around) but Lucy's were rock solid. It was like she'd had a boob job using concrete.
Lucy was good, scoring 2 points for their team. The girls won. I wondered how much of that was due to Lucy's state of dress.
As we walked on I asked Lucy where she'd played volleyball before. It turned out that she's been in her school's team.
Most times that we went onto the beach we went for a swim at one point or another. These swims often ended up with us having sex in the water. Lucy didn't care how many people were near us.
One time when we'd been laid out on one of the beaches for a while Lucy started to get restless. We'd been laid there for about an hour and a half and Lucy had attracted 2 or 3 groups of lads who wanted to enjoy the scenery. One group in particular had spread their towels no more than 6 feet from our feet. The 4 lads were laid on their stomachs looking up at Lucy's pussy. Of course Lucy was enjoying the attention she was getting and was laying with her feet apart.
I knew that she was aroused because her nipples were rock hard and her vulva were all puffed up and shiny wet. Lucy turned to me and said,
"I need some exercise."
I was expecting her to continue and say that she wanted to go swimming, but no, Lucy has to be different. She stood up and started doing warm-up exercises right in front of the 4 lads.
I got up on my elbows and watched the fabulous display of naked female flesh, although I had to bend one leg to try to hide my hard-on.
Lucy finished her warm-up then started getting into various yoga positions. She must have looked at a yoga book and memorised the positions that involved spreading her legs because that's just what she did, on the sand right in front of these 4 lads. The other groups of lads around us had spotted her (who wouldn't have?) and were all watching her.
After the yoga positions Lucy proceeded to start doing some exercises. Exercises like the ones that I used to do at school, like star jumps, press ups, upside down bicycle, squats, and handstands. The lads loved the squats because Lucy was facing them. They also enjoyed the handstands because both times that Lucy did one she collapsed almost on top of the lads; and of course she had to land with her legs open.
Exercises done, Lucy lay back on her towel. She lay on her side right next to me, facing me. The she rolled over onto me so that she was half on me. One of my arms was pinned under her with that hand right next to her pussy.
"Finger me please!" Lucy whispered to me.
Now, what man could resist a request like that?
Lucy lifted herself a little so that my hand could move to its target. He legs were slightly apart so I had easy access. I started rubbing and pushing a finger inside her.
I looked down at the lads; all eyes were glued to her pussy.
Lucy must have got really turned on by her display because it took less than a minute for her to start cumming. Her legs were jerking as she bit down on her hand to supress her moans and screams.
Shortly after that we had to go into the sea for her to relieve my frustration.
Another thing that we did on the beach a few times was for her to back into me when I was lying on my side. One day quite early on in our holiday Lucy was lying on her back and I was on my side looking at her front and thinking how lucky I was. We were talking when Lucy got on her side and backed into me in the spoon position.
Lucy covertly got my hard-on out of my shorts and put it on her pussy. Natural instinct took over and I manoeuvred myself so that I could enter her. There was no way that I could pump her so we just lay there talking dirty to each other while Lucy squeezed her pussy muscles. She managed to make me cum in less than 5 minutes.
After that first time Lucy had a little competition with herself to see if she could make me cum in less than 4 minutes. She never managed it.
Sleeping
---------
The nights there were warm and we slept naked on top of the bed. Lucy chose to sleep on the balcony side of the bed. The only time that the curtains were closed was when the maid closed them. The first thing that Lucy did after the maid had been was to open them as wide as they would go.
Each night when we got back to our room we'd have sex (usually out on the balcony) with the lights on (Lucy liked the excitement of the possibility of someone walking passed and seeing us). A couple of time someone did see us, but after looking while they walked they just kept going.
Lucy also liked to go to sleep with the light on. She said that it made her feel good that someone might look in on her. That also meant that my naked bits might be seen, even when I got a hard-on while I was sleeping; but that's a small price to pay for being with Lucy.
Eating Out
-----------
The hotel was a 'room only' hotel but it had tea making facilities and those little plastic containers of milk so Lucy made us a cup of tea and we sat on the balcony drinking our tea and watching the few people that were up and about that early each morning. Some looked at us when they passed us and saw that we were naked, but no one said anything bad.
We only really had 2 meals a day, breakfast and an evening meal on our way out to a bar and / or club.
Breakfast was usually in one of the many cafés. Lucy always wore one of her indecent bikinis, often just the bottoms; and sometimes one of her indecent bikini tops. No one actually said anything to her, but she got plenty of stares.
About the third time that we went to a café Lucy decided that she wanted to sit at the row of tables closest to the street. When we sat down she would turn her chair so that she was facing the direction that half the people were walking from. When we weren't eating or being served Lucy would slouch down in the chair and open her legs so that anyone who looked could see her pussy as well as her tits.
One time there was a group of lads who I saw go past us 3 times; I guess that they liked the scenery.
Evening meals were often in one of the Chinese restaurants; we had Lucy's winnings to spend. No one was bothered that Lucy's dresses were see-through.
On other nights we ate in cafés or one of the fast food joints. One evening, when Lucy was wearing nothing but shoes, we went into McDonalds and nobody said a thing.
Days out
---------
One day we decided to go on the booze cruise. Lucy got a few admiring looks from some of the young men when she boarded wearing her nothing thong. The crew had a good look as well, but no one said anything.
The booze and music started flowing just as soon as we started moving. Lucy wanted to dance on her own to see how much attention she would get so I stood back and watched. I could quite happily watch Lucy dancing, virtually naked, all the time. She'd let her hair down and it was partially covering those magnificent tits some of the time. Every time that a man paid her any attention she'd flick her hair back so that he could see all of her tits. She got hit on quite a few times by the loads of unattached males there.
There were other topless girls on board, some in thong bottoms, but most girls wore conventional bikinis; although some of the tops came off as the alcohol consumption went up.
The games that the crew organised were fun. The best was the 'how many sex positions could you simulate in one minute'. Lucy loved that one. With her pussy being total exposed in that nothing thong she flashed just about everyone there. It was a good job that I had my shorts on. It's one thing fucking Lucy on a semi dark stage, or partially hidden on the beach, but out there in the bright sunlight with dozens of people watching was little bit too much for me. I'm sure that Lucy would have done it though.
We did fuck on that boat. There were a few seats up at the front and that area was quiet when the games were going on. Lucy told me to sit on one of the bench seats. She got my cock out and played with it for a whole second until it got hard, then she knelt either side of my legs and lowered herself onto me.
A handful of people saw us, and one couple decided to do the same as us.
Afterwards, when we were back with the crowds Lucy told me that my cum was running down the insides of her thighs. When I said that it could have been her face if she'd given me a blowjob, she asked me how long it would take me to get reloaded.
Shortly after that the jumping off the boat games started. We were at the side of the boat watching the drunks jump off when one bloke didn't surface. Lucy was one of only a handful of people who saw this. One girl shouted that the guy couldn't swim, but there was too much noise. Lucy shouted,
"Oh fuck!"
She climbed over the railings and dove in. When she surfaced she was holding the guy to her chest. She swam holding him to a little raft that the crew had put out to help all the swimmers get out of the water and 2 guys pulled him out of the water. Lucy got out and gave him mouth to mouth, and he soon started coughing and spluttering.
My hero climbed back onto the boat and came back to me. All the time only about a dozen people knew what had happened.
I hugged Lucy and asked her where she's learnt to do that.
"It was part of my 'swim a mile' goal."
"Perhaps you should get a job as a naked lifeguard." I said.
Another day we decided to go for a wander round the old village. Lucy had great trouble deciding what to wear. She said that she really wanted to go naked, but she thought that might have been a problem for some of the residents -- she didn't want to get locked-up. She whittled it down to 2 choices. One was her nothing bikini which would look like she had a thong bikini on, but expose both her tits and pussy. The other was her fishnet little black dress. In the end we left the hotel with her wearing the nothing bikini, but with the dress in her bag.
It was mid-day by the time we left the hotel and we hardly saw anyone. I guess that the Greeks didn't like going out during the hottest part of the day. The few locals that we saw ignored us, but we got a few funny looks from other tourists.
After about the first half hour Lucy decided that she didn't want to get white marks from the bikini top so she took it off. She was virtually naked waling round the old streets. Lucy wanted to go and look round an old church but I wouldn't let her, not dressed like that. Now I'm not a religious person, but I do respect people's right to have their own beliefs and traditions.
About an hour later we got bored and walked back to the lively part of Malia and on to the beach.
We hired a car one day to have a look at more of the island. Lucy refused to take any clothes with her and she sat in the passenger seat with her feet up on the dash for most of the day. I was surprised that she didn't get sore with the amount of playing with herself that she did. I told her to take it easy because I didn't want to have to leave her alone if she did get sore. She just said that I'd have to kiss it better if she did.
We even drove through some built-up areas and stopped at road junctions with her frigging away.
We found this really nice beach and Lucy wanted to go for a swim. I asked her about her lack of clothes and all she did was open the car door, get out and walk down to the sea. As I chased after her I looked at the people there. Lots were staring at her. They stared again when we got out of the sea about 30 minutes later.
The flight home
-----------------
All good things come to an end eventually, and we had to return home. Lucy's return home outfit consisted of her material less thong under her fishnet little black dress. She got a funny look from the Greek security people at the airport, but the part that she enjoyed the most was from the middle-aged man sat next to her on the plane. He couldn't take his eyes of her tits; and you should have seen his face when she squeezed passed him to go to the toilet. When she went she faced away from him to give him a great view of her butt; but when she came back she faced him. He looked like he was going to have a heart attack.