"Come on Kimmy...you've got to hurry up, this is your first day on the set! I promised Byron I'd have you at the studio by ten o clock."
"I'm doing the best I can Danny. Please, just give me a little bit more time."
"Okay honey, two more minutes, but then we really do have to go!"
Kimmy finished doing her lips and gave her hair a quick check. She sprayed on some of her favorite French perfume and tottered awkwardly out of the bathroom in her new five-inch black patent pumps. Danny looked her up and down and whistled.
"Wow! You look gorgeous, and you smell great baby!
"Oh Danny, I'm getting so nervous!"
"Don't sweat it baby, just try to relax."
"Easy for you to say," she pouted. "You're not the one that's going to be in a dirty movie!"
"It's an adult movie Kimmy. We don't call them dirty movies, they're adult movies. Now turn around and let me have a good look at you."
Kimmy spun around, showing off her tight black skirt and pale yellow silk tank top. The top felt so good on her skin that the pretty, diminutive young brunette had chosen not to wear a bra and now her nipples were beginning to harden under Danny's gaze.
"Kimmy, you're a real knockout! The red nail polish is a nice touch too, baby, and those heels make your ass look real sexy!"
"Do you really think so?" Kimmy blushed.
"Of course I do honey, I'm lucky to have such a beautiful girl! Come on now, let's see the panties."
Danny's flattery made her feel like a real lady. Kimmy shyly raised her skirt to her waist revealing the small black thong he'd insisted on her wearing. The tiny garment had all but vanished into the crease of her swollen minge.
"Good girl! Now bend over for me, sweetheart."
Kimmy felt quite flushed and more than a little turned on. She bent over, and Danny grew silent as his eyes took in her perfect little ass.
"Are you sure the panties are all right Danny? I've never worn anything so small. Do they really look okay? I don't want to appear cheap!"
"Are you kidding baby? You don't look cheap, but you sure as hell look sexy! If we didn't have a movie to make I'd be dragging you into the bedroom right now."
"Won't you please tell me what the movie is about Danny? I haven't even seen the script... how will I know what to do?"
"Relax sweetheart, you just have to ad-lib and do what comes naturally. There's very little acting involved because a script just gets in the way. Our movies are successful because they are spontaneous and real."
"Gee Danny; I'm not sure about this. There'll be people I don't even know. What if I freeze up?"
"You know me and Byron. I'll be there for moral support and Byron will be the director and your co-star. Don't you remember how much you enjoyed fucking the two of us?"
"Of course I do Danny. It was amazing!"
How could Kimmy ever forget? She remembered how wonderful she had felt sucking on Byron's huge black cock as Danny fucked her from behind. After Danny came, Byron had laid her back on his desk and used Danny's cum as a lubricant to fuck her once more. Having sex with the two men had been the most exciting thing she'd ever done.
"Kimmy! Come on, don't just stand there, baby, we've got a movie to make."
"Huh? Oh...I'm sorry Danny... I'm coming. I was just lost in my thoughts."
********************
As they arrived at the studio, Byron was pacing back and forth with an angry look. He spotted them and hurried them into the elevator.
"Kimmy!" he snapped. "There's no time to waste. The crew is waiting in my office and we're filming right away! Now quickly, here's what I want you to do. Your stage name is Penny Gardiner. You're applying for a job in our sales department and I'm going to be the boss. I want you to wait in the foyer for a couple of minutes, then my receptionist Miss Alderbridge will come and get you. My name will be Mr. Jones and I'll be giving you an interview. Answer my questions as if you desperately need the job, and try to put as much feeling in it as you can. Have you got all that?"
Byron's forward manner was intimidating to Kimmy, but his size acted as a powerful aphrodisiac. The young girl felt so confused being both scared and aroused.
"Y...Yes I think so Byron."
"Kimmy, remember now, when we start filming, it's Mr. Jones. I hope you realize we're not filming the Brady Bunch here. The first part of this movie requires you to suck me off. After you're finished, I'll be calling my three associates into the office and you'll be required to service them as well. Do you think you can do that?"
Kimmy felt a sinking feeling, Danny and Byron hadn't said anything about any other men. Still, she did enjoy giving blowjobs, and although she was a little frightened, she desperately wanted to become a star. Feeling more than a little ashamed of how wet she was getting, Kimmy shyly lowered her eyes and nodded.
"Good, now off you go and wait in the foyer."
********************
After a brief wait, Miss Alderbridge appeared and told Kimmy to follow her. Kimmy felt her heart racing with excitement as she followed her into the office.
"Mr. Jones, this is Miss Penny Gardiner, she's come to see about the new opening in our sales department."
"Come in and sit down Miss Gardiner. I'm Lionel Jones, the general manager. Please...may I call you Penny? Tell me all about yourself Penny, and why you think we should consider you for this position."
"Thank you for giving me this opportunity Mr. Jones!" She blurted. "I feel my honesty and personal work habits would make me a very valuable asset to your organization. I 'm loyal and trustworthy, and if you choose me I'll prove to you that you made the right decision in a very short time."
Kimmy was enjoying playing her role and proceeded to fill in 'Mr. Jones' on 'Penny's' various skills and attributes. Mr. Jones sat back politely listening, then signaled for her to stop.
"If you'll allow me to be frank Penny, my first impression is that you're far too young for the job. Although your qualifications are impressive I've found older more mature women to be far more, shall we say cooperative. In short, I'm looking for someone to do whatever is required of them with absolutely no hesitation on their part. I'm sorry but younger people are naturally rebellious and don't take well to authority."
"Please, Mr. Jones," she sobbed. "I need this job so much... I'll do anything you want. I'm three months behind on my rent, and if I don't get a job soon I'll be out on the street!"
"Well I don't usually go against my natural inclination but perhaps I could work something out for you. However, you must understand what will be required of you. I pay well but in return I expect total obedience. From time to time, you'll be called on to provide myself, and my associates with certain sexual favors. Would you be agreeable to that?"
"Kimmy tried to put on her best shocked expression.
"Why, Mr. Jones! What kind of girl do you think I am?"
"I think by the way you're nipples are standing out that you are a very bad girl, Penny. In fact, it looks like you've been quite aroused by our conversation. Would I be correct in saying this?"
Kimmy loved the deep soothing sound of Byron's voice. It was becoming hard for her to distinguish between reality and the movie.
"Yes Mr. Jones, I am aroused, and yes, I am a very bad girl." "In that case, take off your top. I'd like to see those little titties when you're excited."
She shrugged off the little top and stood there blushing as he squeezed and fondled her puffy nipples.
"Yes, I can certainly see you're a bad girl. And what do you think should happen to bad girls, Penny? Should they be punished?"
"Yes sir."
"Yes sir what, Penny?"
"Yes sir, I do think they should be punished, Mr. Jones."
"Good, I'm pleased that you agree. Now pull down those naughty little panties and lie across my lap. I'm going to give you a good spanking for being such a bad girl."
Kimmy nervously pulled down her panties and draped herself across his knee. She stole a glance around the room and saw Danny and the film crew had all moved in close. As she realized the men all had erections, Kimmy suddenly lost her nerve and surprised everyone by clambering off Byron's lap and running over to Danny.
Byron stopped the shoot.
"Cut! Cut! Okay everybody; take a break!"
"Jesus, Kimmy what's wrong?" Danny asked. "Come on sweetheart, this is costing us a ton of money!"
"Danny honey...I'm scared... I can't do this. I'm sorry Danny, I'm sorry everyone! Being naked in front of all those cameras scares me. Please don't be mad at me!" she blubbered.
"It's okay Kimmy, put your top on. It's my fault. I probably should have taken it slower and I forget that you come from a small town. We need to loosen you up first and get you used to performing for a crowd."
"How could we do that Danny?" she sobbed, wiping a tear from her eye.
"Kimmy, I think it would probably make it a lot easier for you if you entered the amateur strip contest at the Top Hat Bar and Grill. A lot of girls start that way and they get more comfortable about having an audience."
"Gee... I don't know Danny... I've never been very good at dancing!"
"Don't worry about that Kimmy, all you have to do is get up on the stage and let yourself go to the music. It would help to free you up. What do you think, Byron?"
"Yes Danny, I agree. I think it's a great idea. If Kimmy can strip at the Top Hat in front of an audience, I'm willing to postpone today's shoot for a couple of days."
"I suppose if you guys really think it would work I could give it a try."
"Good girl Kimmy! Let's not waste any time. We'll enter you in the Friday night contest. I'll bet if you come in first place like I think you will, it will give you a lot of confidence. Then by Monday we'll be ready to start filming again."
********************
Before she knew it, it was Friday night. Kimmy's excitement mounted as she waited for her turn in the Top Hat's competition. The grand prize for best stripper was five hundred dollars and the competition was fierce. Kimmy waited nervously and periodically peeked out from behind the curtain, watching the various contestants take their turn at teasing the raucous crowd. Oh dear god, she prayed quietly to herself, please help me do this, I don't want to let Danny and Byron down.
The woman up before Kimmy had obviously stripped before. Undressing herself very slowly, the sultry buxom redhead whipped the audience into a frenzy by holding each item of clothing up before throwing it into the crowd. The customers roared, pushing and shoving each other aside in a bid to catch a souvenir of the raunchy event.
The crowd grew even wilder as the woman got down to her red satin panties. The redhead peeled them off and teased the crowd by holding them high in the air for her finale. The men cheered and jumped to their feet clapping and cheering. She turned away from the audience and bowed, wiggling her ass as the crowd gave her a long and enthusiastic standing ovation. The applause gradually died down and the men settled down to wait for the next act.
She heard the announcer call her name, and after a brief drum roll, she took a deep breath and leapt through the curtains waving her pom- poms in the air. In a stroke of genius, Kimmy had dug out her old high school cheerleading outfit. Danny suggested she could make it even sexier by putting her hair up in pigtails, and wearing a pair of white cotton panties to compliment her knee socks. The audience, jaded from watching too many middle age strippers, saw Kimmy's short green plaid kilt and crisp white blouse and let out a collective cheer. Someone yelled for her to take off her clothes and the crowd took up the chant and stomped their feet.
"Take it off! Take it off! Take it off!"
Spurred on by their enthusiasm, the nubile young girl slowly unbuttoned her blouse and raised her little teats, shamelessly flaunting her puffy nipples. Her tiny kilt swayed suggestively as the band began to play 'Black Magic Woman' and the place went wild.
"Take it off! Come on, take it all off!"
Imagining she was having sex with Danny and Byron, Kimmy writhed and squirmed to the rhythm of the music. Her hips seemed to have a life of their own, gyrating sensuously as she allowed her kilt to fall slowly to the floor. Dressed in nothing but white cotton schoolgirl panties and knee socks Kimmy got down on all fours and presented her beautiful shapely bottom to the crowd. An older man reached forward and fondly patted her ass, before shoving a twenty-dollar bill into the elastic waistline of her panties
"Here sweetheart, this is for making an old man very very happy."
Another man moved close and then another, each of them copping a feel and adding yet more money. Kimmy basked in all of the attention as the men continued coming forward. She couldn't believe how aroused she was becoming. Suddenly Danny was beside her whispering softly in her ear. .
"They love you baby! Go on, enjoy yourself and give them their moneys worth, do yourself with this!"
A hush fell over the room as he handed her an enormous black vibrator. Wanting to make Danny happy, Kimmy rolled over on her back and pulled her panties to one side. She placed the sex toy in the opening of her dripping wet furrow, and it buzzed and whirred, making wet squishy sounds as she worked it in and out of her sopping pink snatch. A man struggled to get her panties off, as two other men played with her breasts. Kimmy eased the toy out, raising her hips to let him pull down her panties then closed her eyes and went back to sliding the vibrator in and out of her inflamed cunt. An orgasm began to build deep inside of her. She heard Danny's voice encouraging her from somewhere far far away.
"Good girl Kimmy. That's it, show off your wet hairy pussy, fuck it for us baby!"
Forgetting where she was, Kimmy surrendered to the sordid act, bucking up and down and whimpering incoherently as she rammed the big buzzing dildo in and out of her sopping cunt.
"Oh Jesus..... Fuck..... Oh my god Danny..... I'm gonna fucking cum real soon!"
"Go for it baby! Let it go!" Danny cried.
Suddenly she arched her back and let out a tortured cry.
"Oh god yesssss! I'm cumminnnng right fuckingg nowwww!"
Kimmy sighed with relief as the pressure in her cunt let go and she gushed all over the stage. She came down from her euphoria reluctantly, opening her eyes and blushing furiously as she realized what she had just done.
The master of ceremonies appeared on stage, helped Kimmy up, and draped a white terry towel robe around her shoulders.
"Ladies and Gentlemen, I'm pleased to announce the winner of our Top Hat Friday night Strip-a-thon! The winner is Kimmy Green. Believe it or not, this young girl is a librarian from Maryville, Kansas. Congratulations Kimmy."
The man presented Kimmy with a big bouquet of flowers and a check for five hundred dollars. She took her bow, beaming at all the applause but embarrassed that Danny had told them where she was from. The clapping slowly died down and she heard someone in the audience calling her name
"Kimmy! Little Kimmy Green? My god I can't believe it! Is that really you Kimmy?"
She saw a very tall man stand up and come to the front of the stage, and she turned as white as a sheet. Oh my god, it can't be, she thought, but there was no mistaking him. It was Ben Stafford, her old English teacher! Rumor had it the large sandy haired man was hung like a horse, and the female students had been quick to name him Big Ben. Mr. Stafford had the physique of a football player and was the favorite teacher of all the girls at Maryville High. Kimmy was no exception and she'd had a huge crush on him all the way through high school.
"Oh my gosh... Mr. Stafford, w...what are you doing here?"
"You know, I could very well ask you the same question Kimmy," he said, looking at her naked body with a faint smile on his face, "but it's quite obvious what you're doing. My my, you certainly have changed, haven't you? "
"This isn't what it seems, Mr. Stafford."
"Please...Kimmy cut the formalities. Call me Ben. Kimmy, it looks to me like it's exactly what it seems to be. I can well imagine that you're as surprised to see me as I am to see you. It seems we both have a dirty little secret. I'll bet the folks back home would be very surprised."
"Mr. Stafford ...Ben ...please...you wouldn't tell...Would you?"
"Put your mind at rest Kimmy, as far as I'm concerned this is nobody's business but our own. After all, I am here watching and I have my own reputation to consider. No one else needs to know about this."
Danny saw Kimmy talking with Mr. Stafford and came over to make sure everything was all right.
"Hey Kimmy, are you okay? This guy isn't bothering you, is he?"
"No Danny, I'm fine. Danny, this is Mr. Stafford. Mr. Staff...I mean Ben, is my...my old English teacher from Maryville High School.
"Well how about that! That's great. I'm pleased to meet you Ben. Kimmy put on quite a show tonight, didn't she? I'll bet she didn't do this kind of stuff back in Maryville."
"No she sure didn't Danny. Kimmy was one of my favorite students. She's even more beautiful than the last time I saw her! And," he added, "She seems to have acquired some interesting new life skills."
Danny patted Kimmy's ass with affection.
"Well, I guess in a way we're both teachers," he smiled. "I'm in the adult movie business and I have an eye for talent. When I first saw Kimmy, I knew she would be a natural and I was right. I'm proud of the way she's coming along. Believe me; she's going to be a big star. And not only does this little girl have a body to die for but she also gives great blowjobs, isn't that right honey?"
Kimmy turned beet red. Danny enjoyed letting other men know about her penchant for sucking cock, and she was ashamed of herself for feeling so aroused.
"Please Danny, don't!" she blushed. "There's no need to be shy about it sweetheart. I'm sure Ben's been around a little. Say, I have an idea Ben. We were going to go up to our apartment to celebrate. Why don't you join us? I'll bet Kimmy would enjoy showing you just what I mean, wouldn't you honey?"
"Danny please, keep your voice down," she blushed. "Everyone will hear!"
"I don't care Kimmy. I think if you're good at something you should flaunt it!"
"Are you sure you'd be okay with it Kimmy?" Ben asked. I'd love to come, but I don't want to impose on your little party."
"Yes, I...I do want you to come, Mr. Stafford," Kimmy whispered, "but I sure wouldn't want anyone from Maryville to hear about it."
"Well I'm certainly not to say anything, you can rest assured, my lips are sealed. As I hope yours will be, around the head of my big cock."
"Mr. Stafford," Kimmy blushed and turned a deep red. "It's a dream come true for me! I can hardly wait. I've had a crush on you forever."
********************
Danny was a very congenial host and after proudly showing Ben around the apartment, he ushered him into the living room.
"Make yourself at home Ben. What can I get you to drink?"
"If it's not too much trouble I'd sure like a vodka and tonic."
"One vodka tonic coming right up!"
"Make that two Danny!" Kimmy said. "All that dancing's made me thirsty. While you do that I'll go change into something a little more comfortable."
As Danny went off to the kitchen Kimmy excused herself.
Hardly believing his good fortune, Ben sat down on the sofa and looked around the small but tastefully decorated room, impressed by its modern décor.
"Here you are Ben, here's your drink. Kimmy can't seem to get enough cock so she shouldn't be very long," Danny grinned. "Well speak of the devil... here she is now!"
Ben felt his cock leap in his pants as his former student came walking out of the bedroom wearing four-inch high heels and a black see thru body stocking with an open crotch. Danny gave Kimmy her drink and she swallowed it in one gulp, then she got down on her knees in front of Ben. He sat there in stunned silence as she unfastened his pants and reached in and took out his cock. Fascinated by it's gigantic size, Kimmy took it in both hands and looked up at him with her big brown eyes.
"Mr. Stafford! She giggled. "Now I see why everyone in Maryville called you Big Ben, It's huge!"
She pulled back his foreskin and as she kissed the tip of his cock a large amount of precum oozed out of the slit. "Well, it looks like someone's glad to see me," she teased, backing her full pouty lips off his rampant twitching cock.
"She's amazing, isnt she?" Danny said. He pulled a digital camera out of his pocket with an obscene grin "Look, would you mind if I take some pictures of you two?"
"God, no...As long as I get copies!"
"Thanks... go ahead and enjoy yourselves," Danny said, focusing his camera on them. "And just pretend I'm not here."
Ben sat waiting with his pants around his ankles and his erection waving in Kimmy's face. She licked her lips and gingerly took him into her mouth. He groaned and gripped her pigtails tight as she suckled his throbbing manhood. Danny zoomed his camera in on Kimmy's red painted lips stretched tight around Ben's cock
"Oh my god, I can't believe this!" Ben groaned. "Oh, fuck Kimmy, does that ever feel good... That's it...Oh, yeah suck it, you dirty little slut!"
The young girl coated his dick with her saliva then took it deep in her throat. Danny snapped away with his camera as Kimmy slobbered and sucked on the massive cock. Her mouth drooled long strings of his precum as she soon had Ben on the brink of an orgasm.
"Oh Jesus...I'm gonna come really soon Kimmy!"
Kimmy reluctantly pulled his huge cock out of her mouth. She loved the taste and smell of it but she needed fucking badly!
"I know!" she panted. "Oh Ben, it's so big..... Please, sit back on the sofa. I want to feel it up inside me!"
Kimmy stood up and frantically straddled him, reaching underneath herself to guide him to her. With a tortured look she slowly and carefully lowered herself down until the full length of his cock had vanished inside her tight hairy snatch. For a brief moment she held herself still as her eyes pleaded with Ben. Then she began to raise herself up and down.
"Fuck me! Oh god yes Mr. Stafford!" she gasped. "It feels so good! ... You're cock is fucking me so good! That's it you big dirty bastard...Fuck me hard!"
"Alright you filthy little cunt!" he panted, slamming her down on his obscenely large cock. "After I'm done with you, you'll know you've been fucked. Your cunt will never be the same again!" "Way to go baby! Ride that cock, show him what a good little fuck you are!" Danny's voice broke as he moved in to get a close-up of her cuntlips clinging to Ben's huge throbbing organ. He whistled with admiration as he saw the size of Ben's prick.
"Jesus, that's a fucking big cock you've got there Ben! Have you ever thought about working in the adult film industry?"
Ben's face grew red and his voice became strained as he held her tightly by her waist.
"Right now the only thing I can think about is this little girl's pussy...... Oh, fuck! Oh, fuck! I think I'm going to cum...! Here it comes...! There, take that, you filthy little slut!"
Kimmy felt his cock head expand then squirt a huge load of hot jism deep inside her. As Ben emptied his balls in her ravenous snatch, she screamed and dug her nails deep in his back.
"Yesss...Oh dear god Yesssssssss!"
Lost in their lust the pair clung to each other, shuddering as they came in shared ecstasy. When Ben finally finished pumping, she reluctantly climbed off his lap and his deflating cock slipped out of her cunt with an audible plop. She sat back on the sofa and opened her legs for Danny. Kimmy loved pleasing men.
"Did I do good Danny?"
"You sure did.... god baby you look so fucking hot!"
Kimmy gasped as Danny put down his camera and buried his face between her legs. His tongue invaded her freshly fucked pussy and waves of pleasure coursed through her body. She felt her cunt and nipples tingling with pleasure as he sucked on her swollen love bud.
"Oh yeah Danny, suck it for me baby! Oh, god yes that's it... God yeah...Suck it! Oh my god, that feels so fucking good! I'm cumming again... Oh...Danny, I'm fucking cumminggg againnn!"
Ben's cock had stretched her cunt wide, but having it sucked by Danny was the icing on the cake. As he stimulated her clit she felt it growing in his mouth, and Kimmy cried out as she came in a long drawn out multi orgasmic ecstasy Somehow, Danny always seemed to know just what she needed. He had been right. All of her shyness was gone. She couldn't wait to make her first movie!