In this 2nd story I will share all of my exhibitionist experience after I graduated from college and I get back to live in my parents house again. This story is like a collection of my exhibitionism.
Now I no longer live alone, I am back together with my family and I can not do some exhibitionism as free as when I lived in boarding house.
Of course I am no longer able to do it in my house because I am not alone, besides even if I am alone, I have been living in this house for a very long time so my neighbor already know me and the only thing I still can do exhibitionism is by going outside.
There was a time when every Sunday my parents went to my grand parents house and I almost always did not join them. They usually went from 11 AM and already home at 6 PM and that was exactly the time for me to do my exciting activities.
After they left I went out with my scooter and guess what I wore? It was my very loose boxer that I wore when I pretended to sleep and being watched in my 1st story and of course with no panties. Because it was too loose it was very easy to be lifted by wind and there was my dick, fully exposed.
I liked to go to an ally where it only could be passed by 2 motorbike. I always waited until I saw women at the other end of the ally going to my direction either by walking or with motorbike and when they were already at the half way of the ally, I lifted up my boxer exposing my dick, pull the gas of my scooter slowly. They could not see me until I was right beside them and there when they were shocked with what they saw, a beautiful standing dick. I went really slow and saw their reaction, if they screamed, I pulled the gas and if they were just shocked and did nothing, I pretended to be everyting was normal.
I also liked to go outside when it was raining.
If the rain was really heavy, I went out wearing 80% white transparent poncho, T-shirt and no bottom at all. The most exciting part was at the traffic light because I had to stop. I wait until the red light was just around 10 seconds left then I stopped. Knowing people around me knew that I didn't wear any bottom was very exciting.
Most of the time I wore my white boxer, still without panties. I tried to find a place to take a shelter where there were only women after I was really wet and my boxer was already sticked to my skin, it was almost transparent. It was really difficult to hold my boner. Usually some women just tried to not to look at all after they knew what I was wearing, some women also stared once or twice when I pretended to see other direction and of course they were just stucked with me because it was raining. But there was one time when there were 2 women with me and I guessed they were a bit naughty because they were laughing and whispering together. I pretended to be cool even though I was holding my boner really difficult at that time knowing those women were enjoying what they saw until one of them asked me, "Hey boy, don't you wear panties? We can see you", and suddenly I could not hold the boner any longer, my dick was standing there and I said "Yes, really sorry for this. I just want to go there and it's suddenly raining" while I tried to hide my cock from them. I was feeling embarrassed and excited at the same time.
I also liked to go to mini store with even shorter boxer and pretended that I just woke up from the sleeping. My face, my hair was like people who just woke up so the people in the store could understand about my outfit. I waited until no other customer at the store and only the woman cashier in there. The boxer was really short, it was as short as my ass. I bought a milk and when I went to the cashier I let my boner worked by itself. Sometimes my dick just standing inside the boxer or if I was lucky, my dick went out from the boxer and there she would see a dickslip. Of course I would not correct the position of my dick otherwise she would know it was planned. It was very exciting when I knew she realized about my dick. Most of them hardly hide the smile knowing she saw a dick.
The other time I do exhibitionism was at the night when I went out with a car and went home after hang out with my friends. I took off all of my bottom leaving only T shirt on me. The nice experience was when I pay for the highway or refuel the gas and the worker saw my cock, it was not so nice because there was no woman worker at night but still it was exciting.
In the highway sometimes I stopped at the emergency way, I went out of my car fully naked and masturbate. There is no one want to stop in the highway, right? So there I was in the highway, masturbating in front of passing cars, most of the cars were honking or playing their lamp but no one stopped.
I also liked to stop in rest area and challenged myself if I success with the challenge I went home, if I was not succeed, the challenge would be even riskier. So there I was in rest area in a night, I challenged myself to go to toilet, pee, fully naked or go to the ATM, took some money, still fully naked, or simply walked like 100 m and got back to the car, fully naked.
That was the time when I really did not want someone to see me because if you remember the punishment of that kind of activity in my 1st story, that could happen to me if I caught naked in public.
From all of my experience above, my favorite was skinny dipping and that will be my 3rd story.