Author's Note - This story is filed in Novels but is heavily BDSM in nature so feel free to skip over it if that's not your thing!
Thanks everyone for continuing to read and support this story! For those just jumping in here, I recommend starting at chapter 1 to fully understand the characters and background.
Thanks also to ftw752 for continuing to give me help with editing!
*
We made it up to the hotel room and Pat headed off to grab the paperwork, whatever it was for, while I poured our guest a drink.
When Pat returned he pulled up a third chair around the small table. I noticed he left it slightly further back, and assumed he wanted to be able to see my whole body while he was seated.
"Take off your dress, Kitten. And your underwear set. You can leave the garters and stockings for now."
I hesitated momentarily while I considered whether to obey.
"Kitten. Don't make me ask again or I will not only make you take off your clothes, but I will allow Master Justin to spank your pretty ass as well. And I'm sure it's still tender after last night, even if I didn't leave marks."
I peeled my dress over my head and waited patiently while Master Justin examined me.
"You have a beautiful body. I love a girl with some curves. You definitely look good enough to eat, and I hope one day your Master will let me have a taste. In the meantime, I hope you make a lot of mistakes so I can spank that beautiful bum on a regular basis. I would very much like to see it with some marks. May I have a closer look at the empty canvas?"
I looked at Pat, hoping for him to save me, but he simply nodded and gestured for me to turn around. I did as he asked, bending slightly to give Master Justin a better view.
"May I?" Master Justin was clearly addressing Pat.
"Of course. You'll have your hands on her ass soon enough anyway." My Master sounded calm as he granted permission for Master Justin to do more than just look.
I felt his hands on my ass, gently caressing my soft flesh, and I shivered at his touch. Something about him made me want to kneel at his feet. I loved Pat, and would never cross a line, but I knew I would willingly submit to Master Justin if Pat asked me to. Especially right now.
"Beautiful." It was that sexy whisper again. As he continued to stroke my cheeks, I imagined him tracing out the lines he'd like to leave behind, and my core clenched almost painfully. His hands felt like they left a trail of electricity in the path they traced, and I did my best to hold still and stifle the moans that were trying to fight to the surface. Liquid continued to pour from my slit, and I figured in this position that the evidence of my arousal would be clear between my legs.
"Nothing is sexier to me that a body carrying marks from a Master. It's amazing to me that some submissives enjoy being spanked and marked so much. But I'm glad they do. I love to spank and mark my submissives. I love watching them squirm and hearing them beg and cry before they finally thank me for their discipline. I hope I will have the opportunity to show you why you crave what you do. But as your Master already assured you, you're hardly alone in your desires."
Master Justin's hands left my body as Pat encouraged me to sit in the 3rd chair.
"Spread your legs wide and clasp your hands behind your back or grab the back of the chair. Justin and I have some paperwork to deal with, which you will have to sign as well, and I would like to enjoy the view of your body, available, while doing this task."
I politely thanked him and sat in the desired position. With my hands behind my back my nipples jumped out at the men, and I could feel the wetness pooling between my legs. I hoped the paperwork wasn't long.
Pat pulled a document out of his briefcase and the men started discussing the particulars. I was having trouble concentrating on anything other than how badly I wanted to be fucked when I realized they were discussing me and my new position as Justin's admin.
I listened intently as they discussed what I would be paid, what my duties were, what I should and shouldn't wear, and how I would be disciplined for failure in any part previously mentioned.
By the time they agreed on the particulars I was famished, but there was only one thing I wanted in my mouth.
Despite my best attempt at restraint, I couldn't hold back any longer.
"Please Master."
I looked at the two men and they stopped what they were doing and looked back.
Master Justin sighed. "You'll have to do something. She needs to be clear-headed when she signs."
Pat ran a hand up the inside of my leg, sliding a finger through the wet trail on my thighs.
He leaned in close.
"What does my little sub want?"
My body bucked from the irresistible growl in his words.
"I want your cock, Master."
"And where would you like it, slut?"
"Anywhere, Master."
"Such a good girl." He caressed my hair gently as he squatted between my legs. His tongue darted out to lick at my hard nipples, and I arched further encouraging the contact.
I moaned at his touch, and moaned even louder as I noticed the intent expression on Master Justin's face, and the obvious bulge growing in his pants.
"It seems," Pat said between licks, "That Master Justin needs some relief as much as I do. Perhaps you would like to serve both of us on your knees and swallow two loads of cum?"
My pussy gushed as he bit down on my nipple.
"Oh yes, Master. Please. Please let me serve you both and swallow all your cum. I am your slut to use."
"You're turning into an excellent little cum-slut, Kitten. But I'm not sure I'm ready to let Master Justin use you just yet."
He turned towards Justin and smiled. "Maybe you could use her as target practice, since she liked the show so much."
He laced his fingers into my hair, holding my head steady as he leaned close to me, speaking in a quiet growl just loud enough for Master Justin to overhear.
"Would you like to know that Master Justin is watching while you service me? That he's imagining your lips closing around his cock? Or imagining that he's shoving it repeatedly into your throat until he fills your mouth with his load? You can watch him too, as he strokes himself while he watches me use you."
His words had me panting, and I moaned my response. "Yessssss Master. I would like that."
"On the floor please."
"Yes Master."
Pat sat back in his chair and I crawled over to the two chairs. Master Justin had already removed his cock and started stroking it lightly. It was big. About the same length as Pat's but the head was much larger than the shaft and he looked quite thick.
Pat grabbed my head and pulled me to his crotch as he released his erection. I immediately sucked him into my mouth and started to bob up and down on his shaft. I let his cock slide into my throat and relinquished control as he fucked my face and throat for a minute until I needed some air.
I had barely managed to gulp in a breath before he shoved his cock back into my throat. My eyes were wide as he pulled back a bit, and I was able to see Master Justin's cock, not too far away, angry and almost ready for release.
It took about 15 minutes, but I finally managed to coax the cum out of Pat. When he was finished, Master Justin stood in front of my open mouth, adding his load. I swallowed it dutifully, showing them my empty mouth when I was done.
"That was very good, cum-slut. Did you enjoy it?"
"Yes Master. Thank you Master, and you as well Master Justin."
"Trust me when I say it was my pleasure. Your mouth looks divine. I look forward to using it fully soon."
"Thank you Master Justin."
"Now we need to reward her, so she is able to understand what she's signing. I have an idea, if you'll permit me to help."
"Of course, Justin, just tell me what you need from me and her."
"Take off your garter and stockings and come here slut. Climb over my knee. I'd like to spank your ass and make it red like it obviously was last night. But you're wearing far too much for me to spank you properly."
I did as Master Justin commanded. I was too far down the rabbit hole at the moment to worry about who was touching me, as long as someone was going to.
He spread my legs with his hand, then whispered something to Pat. He tapped the heavy plug in my ass.
"This is very pretty, but it needs to come out. A spanking isn't complete if I can't land at least a few blows right on this little button. I'd love a better view of your wet little hole as well. Such a pretty pussy."
I moaned again, and Master Justin quickly eased the plug out of my ass. He rubbed the closing muscle as he pulled the plug.
"Such a nice little asshole. And I think you like when it's touched."
"Yes Master Justin. I do."
His light caress turned to a sudden slap, right on my little star, making me jump and whimper.
"I'm going to enjoy this."
His hand started raining blows, faster than Pat usually went, and a bit harder as well. I was tensing and squirming under his hand, as he started varying the speed and type of strike. Some were fast, snappy hits, while on others he used more weight and waited longer before pulling his hand back for the next stroke.
I was dancing uncontrollably on his lap, and was ready to say yellow when he suddenly stopped. A moment later I heard a whistling sound and felt a sharp sting on my asshole. I cried out as several more landed in the same spot, before one dipped lower and hit my outer lips.
"Your precision with the crop is much better. You've been practicing. And her little whimpering and squirming is fantastic."
So Pat had joined in with the crop. I was panting on Master Justin's lap. Legs spread wide I was starting to rub against his legs, praying for some contact with my pussy.
Pat helped me stand and the two of them led me to the bed. Master Justin climbed in first, bringing me along with him.
"Lie down on your back with your head in my lap. And spread those legs wide."
I did as he asked, and Pat sat between my ankles, placing his legs over mine to keep them spread and keep me pinned down. Master Justin pinned my arms above my head, wrapping them gently around his waist.
"Don't move your arms, or I'll have to tie them down."
"Yes Master Justin."
"Begin." He was looking at Pat, and I wondered what he had in mind when Pat started cropping my pussy. As he found a slow but painful rhythm, Master Justin started slapping my breasts, watching them bounce before slapping them again.
I cried out as the two of them punished my most sensitive areas.
Master Justin picked up his pace, and I was begging now, tears in my eyes. Begging for someone to give me an orgasm.
I realized Pat had stopped cropping my clit, and that the weight was gone from my legs. Too distracted by Master Justin's skilled hands, I didn't notice where he'd gone until I felt his tongue licking slowly up my slit.
At the same time, Master Justin stopped his spanking and switched to caressing and pinching my nipples.
Pat slid at least two fingers into my pussy and I bucked against his hand desperate to cum.
Master Justin continued stroking and pinching my sensitive nipples, occasionally throwing in another hard slap, while Pat started finger fucking me hard while licking my clit.
I managed to cry out "Master please!" as I writhed and bucked my body wildly on the bed.
Master Justin slapped both my breasts hard right on the nipple and my body exploded. I heard a very wet squelching sound and an exclamation from Pat, and then Master Justin was slapping my nipples again, over and over, while Pat finger banged me and licked my clit for all he was worth. I came explosively, over and over, but it didn't feel like my normal orgasms. It felt deeper and stronger, but not as satisfying. If anything, they were making me even more desperate for my normal relief.
I was panting and gasping for breath when the two men suddenly stopped the onslaught.
"I think she's ready." It was Master Justin's voice, floating from somewhere behind me.
I couldn't say anything at the moment, so I moaned, wordlessly begging for an orgasm that would give me relief.
I heard a buzzing sound, and felt strong vibrations hit my clit, and my body felt like it combusted in heat and electricity, orgasms slamming into me faster than I could count, before everything went black.
******
I woke up with my head nuzzled on a body, and someone rubbing my back and calling my name softly.
I moaned softly, climbing out of the darkness that enveloped me towards the warmth and light.
I opened my eyes to realize I was laying on a chest, and it wasn't Pat's. I turned my head slightly to see Pat behind my, stroking my back.
I sighed contentedly. My body felt like it was wrung dry, and I just wanted to rest for a moment.
"Have some water." It was Pat's voice, and the two men helped me sit up so I could drink from the offered glass. I devoured the water, and asked for another. Pat hopped out of bed, returning a moment later with another glass, which I downed as well.
Master Justin passed me to Pat, and I lay on his chest, almost purring with happiness. Master Justin snuggled up behind me, taking over Pat's job of rubbing my back.
"How does your ass feel? I gave you a thorough spanking. If you'd like some relief I can get some special cream I brought."
"It feels well punished, Master Justin, thank you. But I think I'd like to feel it a little longer."
He chuckled and looked at Pat. "I'd say she's definitely at least a little masochistic. She'll be fun to have at the office."
My chest and ass were burning, but I knew it was adding to my current feeling of bliss. Perhaps Master Justin was correct.
His comment got me thinking though, and I turned to look at him.
"How am I supposed to behave at the office? And what do I call you there?"
"Perhaps it's time we get dressed and discuss all these things, but I'll answer those two specific questions first. On the whole, you'll behave as any normal office admin. The only difference is that I prefer disciplines that happen over my knee or over my desk, you get the picture, instead of just verbal reprimands. Outside of the club or a direct scene you should call me Justin. Inside the club or anytime you are submitting to me you should call me Master or Master Justin. Does that make sense?"
"Yes Mas...Justin. Although it might take a little getting used to."
"I'd expect no less. However if you're going to slip, I'd prefer you forget to call me Master when you should then have you call me Master when you shouldn't. Not everyone at the office is into the kink scene and I'd prefer not to risk the possible fallout."
"I understand."
"If you ever feel like you need to say something more formal in the office you can always call me Sir. And please, feel free to forget my title in a scene a few times. I would love more excuses to paddle your bottom."
He winked and smacked me lightly on the ass, reigniting the burn of my skin, and my desire.
"Ok, time to get up."
Justin tossed me a bathrobe as Pat helped me out of bed.
"As much as I love the current view, we need to focus, at least for now."
I slid into the robe and took my spot at the table. Pat and Justin dressed quickly before joining me. Justin started going through my new work contract with me. They had already made some adjustments after their earlier conversation, but it was pretty straight forward.
I was reporting directly to Justin, but I was also to defer to Pat at all times, and if there were ways I could be helpful to him, when my job allowed the time outside of my duties for Justin, I was supposed to do what I could. Justin and Pat were both sales managers in their company, and at the same level. Sharing an admin was common, and the girl I was replacing had also done some work for Pat.
They showed me several sections of the contract printed on different color paper, and explained this was the private portion of my contract, which I would sign to Pat as my Master, with the understanding that Justin was a part of my submission at work. They would pick my outfits, and I would wear whatever I was told without complaint. Any deviations on my part would result in "discipline". Either of them was also allowed to make adjustments to my outfit during the day, as long as they discussed it and both agreed.
Monday mornings I was to report to Justin's office, close the door, strip to my underwear, and await a weekly attitude alignment. According to Justin, it was a good way to help keep me focused for the upcoming week.
Justin had already installed a camera in his office, and he would record any discipline sessions and upload them to a private server where Pat could view them, to ensure no lines were being crossed.
Pat trusted Justin, but Justin had insisted this would help ensure he was never tempted beyond what he could control. Justin also suggested at some times he would encourage Pat to come see the show live, it just couldn't happen all the time so other employees didn't get suspicious.
The pay amount was more than fair, and instead of taking a pay cut, after meeting me Justin had decided I was worth the amount I was making previously.
"Have you caned her yet?" Justin's tone was very matter of fact, and my jaw dropped at his frankness. I guess I was going to have to get used to this open discussion about my submission. In truth, I was grateful to Justin for everything he had taught Pat, and more grateful for his desire to push my training further.
"No, not yet. Although I have used the crop handle a bit like a cane, but not hard enough to mark. I was too scared to hurt her."
"She's ready. I have a cane at my office. Perhaps we can stay after work one day this week and I can give you some lessons. You were right to be cautious. You don't want to do it wrong and hurt her. I will start out gently, and if you are uncomfortable you can call the scene just like she can."
"Sure, that sounds like a good idea. How about Friday?"
"Friday works."
Justin turned to look at me, eyes bright with excitement.
"Friday, no underwear or bra. You can wear a long dress, but I would like you to be naked underneath, so long as your Master agrees."
Pat shrugged and looked at me.
"Less clothes is always better in my opinion."
I nodded. So far Pat had never asked me to go without underwear and a bra, but I knew I could do it. Especially with a long dress. And I was intrigued about the caning. Everything I'd read said it was very painful, but also that it was almost guaranteed to leave marks.
We were finished the contract, and we all signed it. Prior to my signing, Justin turned on a small camera to record a video where I stated I understood the contents of the document in my submission to my Master and to Master Justin, and that I agreed with the terms free of duress and sound of mind.
"Thank you," Justin said when I'd signed. "I truly look forward to working with you and getting to know you better. And thank you," he said, turning to Pat, "for letting me watch and help with her training and reward earlier. I hope to get a more in-depth sample in future."
Pat clapped Justin on the back as the two men chuckled at Justin's deliberate double entendre.
"I'm sure that can be arranged at some point."
"Excellent."
Justin took my hand, kissing the back in a grand gesture.
"Today has been a genuine pleasure. I will see myself out as I think, unless I miss my guess, they you need your Master to give that pussy a proper workout, and then you need some rest before tomorrow morning. I look forward to seeing you in the morning, and will enjoy the surprise of seeing what clothing your Master chooses."
"Thank you, Master Justin, for assisting with my training, and for helping me to have such a huge orgasm."
"As I said, it was my pleasure."
I smiled as he let himself out, closing the door behind him.
I was so busy watching Justin leave that I didn't realize Pat had snuck up beside me.
He pulled off my robe and scooped me up, tossing me on the bed on my stomach. He stripped quickly before grabbing my hips and pulling them back so my ass was up in the air. He climbed on the bed behind me, fisting my hair as he leaned in to speak in my ear.
"Which one of these holes should I fuck first?"
The growl in his voice and the speed he was moving told me this was going to be fast and hard.
"My pussy, please Master. Take it. Use it. Please!"
"I've been waiting for this all day."
His cock slammed into me and I came hard, screaming his name.