This was intended to be longer but ended up short. I didn't know where I was really going with this one: Incest/Taboo, Mature or Non Consent/ Reluctance
{All characters are fictional and at least 18 or older}
I can't wait. Josh my best friend is throwing a BIG party this Friday night. That's if I pass Mr. Henderson's history class. I've already passed all my other classes, guaranteeing my graduation but my mom wants me to pass all of my classes so she can likely brag to her girlfriends or whatever. Mr. Henderson has always had it out for me since entering high school though. Don't know why. I mean I am sorta the lovable class clown but I'm not mean. He's just a hard ass.
"Allen guess what I was able to snag?" Josh asked in home room on Thursday.
"What, a stripper?"
"Fuck, I wish. No a Ping Pong Table. My Dad just bought it from a yard sale. It's foldable and out in the garage."
"So...."
"So Beer Pong baby!!!"
"Shit that's awesome man!"
"Be there, promise me."
"I promise, come hell or high water dude."
With that the bell rang and I was off to my classes. I had a hard time concentrating, riled up and thinking about Friday night. Josh lived in a big house in an affluent neighborhood. We wondered why he even went to public school but he was told it was to "humble him" so he wasn't an entitled prick. His father is a prosecutor and his mother manages a chain of banks in the county. The house has multiple bedrooms, living room, dining room, kitchen, family room, a man cave downstairs with a fully stocked bar, a pool and jacuzzi.
As for me; Allen. I live with my mom; Kate, in a row home not far from the high school. Mom works as a Dental Hygienist. Dad thankfully flew the coop to Mexico after nearly gambling the house away. He got in debt in with some shady men and Mom laughs "the dumb bastard is probably buried in unmarked grave by now."
I get my looks from my dead beat Dad apparently, at 6' with dusty brown short hair and a skinny frame. My mom though. Wow. No one would believe she's 46. She takes spin classes and works out at the Y with her girlfriends; Mrs. Sadie and Ms. Jen twice a week but she's also blessed with genuine good looks. A big pair of 36 D breasts, a flat stomach and a nice round ass. At 6'2" she's an Amazonian goddess with black long hair she usually keeps in a pony tail.
Josh always insists on getting hugs from her when coming over and bragging about how great her tits feel against his chest. I do love her hugs as well. Josh has also confided that he'd always dreamt of losing his virginity to her. Something secretly we both share in common.
During Thursday's final class with Mr. Henderson he sprung a pop quiz. A quiz as you guessed that I was not prepared for. I've really been trying my hardest to keep up in that class. However even though I'm taking it seriously, History has never been a strong suite as I get hung up on dates easily. It makes it harder when it feels like a sixty-year old mustached asshole is breathing down your neck and singling you out.
"Pencils down, turn your papers in before leaving please." Said Mr. Henderson or should I say Stalin. *See I've been trying*
I handed my paper in trembling. He looked up at me sensing my nerves and smiled a Cheshire grin.
////
Coming home, Mom greeted me at the door with her impeccable white smile. Still wearing scrubs. I do say I might have a fetish for them now. She gave me a great big hug and her bra clad boobs pushed into me. Getting me a little aroused. I backed off before it got worse.
"So, how'd your day go?"
"Good and bad. Josh said he's got a Ping Pong Table for tomorrow's party but Mr. Henderson sprung a pop quiz on us."
"Remember the deal, you can only go if you pass ALL of your classes."
"But Mr.--"
"But nothing mister! I hear from other parents how you goof off in class but somehow pull passing grades out of your cute little tush, yet Mr. Henderson doesn't put up with that bullshit I'm betting and now you're paying the consequences."
"I'm trying real hard this time in History, but I swear you think I screwed his wife!!!"
"Hahaha! You...You wouldn't know how!" My mom said gasping for air laughing.
"How do you know I'm a virgin?"
"I'm you're Mother. Mom's can tell. Oh and I'm sure you're looking to lose it on Friday, but if you don't pass his class you'll have to wait until the summer or college for all I know."
"Now tonight's Pizza night! You get to choose the toppings this time."
I did my homework, ate Pizza with Mom in the family room as per our ritual and then jerked off to some good Step-Mom porn before bed.
////
"Allen, Bro. Guess who's coming to the party?"
"Who Josh?"
"Fucking CHRISTINE!"
"No way, I thought she was too up tight for a a party like yours. Man her ass is just fantastic, I've been dreaming about her since I was in middle school."
"She's bringing Tammy and Sandra too dude! I told them to bring bikinis. We ARE sooooo getting fucked tonight!"
We fist bumped and went to our classes.
Again my heart was racing. I can't believe he got 'Pristine Christine and her friends. Rumor has it they are still virgins too. I've been so shy around her for so long. Hopefully with some liquid encouragement I can find the nerve to at least talk to her.
History class came next and I swear as soon as I sat down Mr. Henderson looked at me and laughed.
"As you all may know you had a pop quiz yesterday. But, what you didn't know was that it was the final exam! Here are your tests back and your final grades for my class."
"Shit!"
"Fuck"
"God damn it." Were all words spreading across the class as each got their grades back.
He walked by quickly, paper landing on my desk. "D" oh fuck. I can't go to Josh's party now. Shit! I got up from my desk and slammed the door on the way out. Soon the bell sounded and I got on my bike to ride back home.
////
I stormed into the house. I slammed my door and started cursing.
*Knock knock knock
Mom was at my door with a towel around her. Her hair down and wet.
"What the hell is wrong Allen!? Let me guess you failed History Am I right?"
I was at first transfixed on her cleavage. She cleared her throat. Caught....
"Yeah, I failed Mom. Now I can't go to Josh's party tonight. Christine is supposed to be there. Can't you let me go and punish me another way?"
"I figured you'd fail his class so I've already thought up a solution. See I don't want you drinking too much and having to come literally pick you up and drag you out of his house so I am going to come with you..."
"What!?"
"Yes"
"No"
"It's literally this or nothing. Now I'm going to get changed for tonight. You should change into some board shorts and a tank top. It's supposed to be a hot one tonight. Ow! Ow!"
Oh god she's gonna embarrass the fuck out of me tonight I just know it. I won't be able to get laid until I'm in my thirties....
Mom came down the steps as I waited for her nervously. She dressed up more than I thought she would honestly. Her hair up, makeup on, our high school's t-shirt, a pair of tight slim fit jeans on and some slip ons. Hell she could pass for a classmate except no one in our school is nearly this hot.
"Ready Freddie!?" She asked jokingly
"I guess."
"Oh it won't be that bad. I'll just hangout by the pool and read a book. I'm getting too old anyways."
"Whatever."
"Whatever, I'm too cool for school. Lighten up!" Mom said spanking me on the ass before heading out the door.
As we drove up to his place, Mom was sad Josh's parents went away for the weekend as her and the Gladly's got along quite well. Mom knows the layout of the house like I do. When we pulled up to house or should I say "mansion" there were already a bunch of cars parked in the driveway and on the street. Two were even up on his lawn.
His house was pretty secluded. A long drive that came off the street and enough privacy that Josh could streak around the outside of his house and not get the cops called on him. Other houses in the distance were shielded by high fences and trees.
Mom gave me a stern look, then started laughing. "Come on let's go kid."
I rang the doorbell.
"Heyyyyyyy!!!!" was an enormous roar of people. I felt so welcome at that moment I wish it could last forever.
Josh approached me.
"So glad you could make it bro. We got every kinda liquor and beer under the sun. Plus some hot pussy!!!"
"Hi Josh!" Mom said, catching him way off guard.
"Oh I'm sorry Ms. Hart, I didn't know you were here. Dropping my best friend off!?"
"Actually I'm here for the party too, as long as you're okay with it. It's apart of Josh's punishment for failing History."
"Sure thing Ms.--"
"Tonight I'm Kate, Josh."
"Well Josh and Kate *wink* Mi Casa Su Casa!!!"
It was like stepping into Wonka's chocolate factory. People were hanging out on the couch talking and laughing with red solo cups in hand. Beer of all types being chugged and passed around. People were playing drunk Mario Kart in the family room. Outside the pool was popping with people in the jacuzzi and playing volleyball in the pool. Tits and asses in bikinis and some young 18+ studs for mom to look at.
"Remember no hard drugs and don't get wasted, I'm going to watch the volleyball game out by the pool and read my book." She kissed me on the cheek and left out the back screen door.
Josh then led me downstairs to the man cave. On the table in front of the couch and big screen tv where three bongs. People were passing pipes around left and right and the whole room was in a haze of smoke.
"Dude come on and do a hit with me!"
Nervous, I asked "Are you, you sure it's okay?"
"Haha! Of course! It's pot, not cocaine or heroin bro. Don't wimp out."
I put my lips up to the bong, made a big inhale, lifted my head and exhaled a huge puff of smoke and started coughing.
"Awe shit! That was awesome!"
"Here I poured you a Jack and coke. Told you it'd be fun. Let's go back up stairs I have someone I'd like you to meet."
We walked back up passing a couple making out on the stairwell.
Kristine was standing in the kitchen along with Tammy and Sandra drinking with my Mom. She waved us over.
"Kristine, this is my son Allen. I've heard nothing but good things about you from him. You know he's had a crush on you for a long time."
Shit. She's already fucking things up.
"Is that true Allen? Do you have a crush on me?" Kristine asked in a seductive tone.
"Yes."
She came and rested her arms around my neck.
"Well maybe I've got a crush on you too tiger."
With that she gave me a deep kiss. It was magical. Fireworks went off behind my eyes as I melted into her. My arms around her waist as I pulled her closer into me.
"Fuck, that was..." She trailed off
"....Special." I replied panting.
She turned around and leaned back into me. Instinctively I held her as my Mom gave me a huge white smile.
"Ooh Beer Pong! I haven't played in so long. Come on Josh let's play a round or two. Let these two love birds enjoy each other."
Kristine took my hand as we followed them to the Ping Pong Table.
The first game two games Mom won against Josh. Jeremy a tall built black Tight End for our football team stepped in.
"Hey Ms. Hart! How about you wager more than just a drink on the table?"
Jeremy was wearing a Jean jacket, white t-shirt and jeans.
"Like what? I don't have any cash on me kid."
"How about what you have on you then?"
"Oooooooooooooh" was the crowd around us.
Mom looked at me then smiled a delish grin.
"Sure! You as well kid. I'll have you naked in no time."
"Mom!!!"
"Trust me Allen, I used to be a champ at this in college."
Jeremy made his first attempt and hit the 9 cup.
Mom took off her shoes.
Mom's first attempt landed in the 4 cup.
Jeremy took off his shoes.
Jeremy landed in the 3rd cup.
Mom took off her short socks. She was now completely barefoot.
Mom made an attempt and missed. Because she missed she had to remove another piece of clothing and this is where things got interesting. What does she do?
Mom looked back to me and removed her t-shirt. She was wearing a white string bikini top underneath. Her nipples were clearly poking out. Was she getting aroused?
Jeremy's attempt missed.
He removed his socks.
Mom landed a ball in his 8 cup.
Jeremy removed his jacket.
Jeremy landed a ball in her 5 cup.
Mom slowly unsnapped her jeans and peeled them down over her ass, revealing white bikini bottoms.
Whistling and cat calls erupted. She did a little twirl.
Mom's next attempt hit his 10 cup. Jeremy took off his white t-shirt, showing off a chiseled chest and six pac abs.
"Fuck...me." Came out of Kristine's mouth.
Jeremy gave a big flex and took a drink.
Jeremy landed a ball in Mom's 7 cup.
She looked back at me. "Sorry honey!"
She undid the straps to her bikini and let her boobs fall free. More whistles erupted and guys whipped out their cell phones. Her aureoles were the size of half dollars and her nipples were nickels. She shook them at Jeremy and asked "Like what you see?"
Jeremy nodded.
Mom landed a ball in his 2 cup.
"Come on kid strip for me."
Jeremy took off his earrings as the crowd started booing.
Jeremy then landed a ball mom's 6 cup.
Mom untied the ties to her string bikini and let them fall away. Her trimmed bush came into view as well as her hot round ass. She turned around and shook her ass for him, doing a little twerk.
"Now what do we play for? I'm all out of clothes and we've got 3 more balls to play."
"How about if I land a ball or you miss you have to do a request?"
Mom looked back at me again grinning.
"Deal"
Mom landed a ball in his 3 cup.
Jeremy took off his jeans, leaving him in a pair of black briefs.
Jeremy landed a ball in her 5 cup.
"How about you come over here and let me suck on your nipples like Allen used to do."
"No Mom!"
"Deals a deal sweetie."
Mom walked over to Jeremy who grasped Mom's left breast and then began sucking on it. He used his other hand to grope her ass.
Phones were out taking pics and videos of it.
"Oooooahh" she moaned.
"Times up!" Shouted Josh.
Mom then scurried back to her side of the table. She aimed and....
....Missed.
"Come here Ms. Hart and kneel down"
"Honey I'm so sorry!"
"Mom don't do do this!!!"
I was both upset, angry and turned on. I was so confused.
Jeremy whipped out an impressive 8" cock and pressed the head against her lips.
"Now suck Ms. Hart."
She took it slowly in her mouth. Then took it out and licked his shaft from balls to head. She twirled her tongue around the head and then started bobbing on it. He shoved it deep in her mouth holding onto her head. He was face fucking her.
*gak gak gak*
*cough cough*
My mother spit it out catching her breath.
"That was some great motherfucking head baby. Good girl. Now get up!"
Mom walked over to her side wiping the pre-cum and slobber from her face.
Jeremy then took his final shot. He bounced it and bounced over the 1 cup and into the 9.
"Come over her girl." Jeremy said grinning and waving her over.
He swept off all the solo cups from the table.
"Turn around and bend over!"
I couldn't let this happen. I walked over to Jeremy.
"Enough is enough man! Let her go, don't do this. She's my mother for fucks sake! She doesn't want to."
"She does want to and I'm gonna! Now sit your bitch ass down before I break you and then take Kristine too."
I pushed him and he punched me hard in the jaw. I was knocked back 3 feet.
"Allen please just sit down before he REALLY hurts you. I made a deal. All is fair."
Mom turned around and spread her legs. Jeremy peeled off his briefs. He spit on his 8" cock and began rubbing it up along Mom's pussy to her asshole. Up and down slowly and methodically.
"You ready for this?"
"Is anyone?"
He then inserted the head into her pussy. Stretching it slowly. Letting her adjust to it's size and massive girth. Then he pulled out quickly and shoved it back in with full force making Mom scream.
"Oooh Fuck!!!!"
He pulled out suddenly again then plunged back in until he was balls deep.
"It's touch *gasp* it's touching my cervix! Oh god it feels so good!"
I was so ashamed.
"Oh my god this is getting my pussy so wet." Kristine said behind me as she helped me to my feet.
"How big's your cock Allen?"
"I don't know 6-7 inches?"
"Show me!" Kristine said.
"Here! Now!? While my mother's being fucked in front of me!?"
"It's now or never"
I pulled down my pants and my cock sprang free. I watched as my mother's ass cheeks bounced off Jeremy's pelvis.
"I'll take it."
She led me to the Ping Pong Table in front of Mom and Jeremy and lifted her skirt. She pulled her panties down halfway and took ahold of my penis.
"Stick it in tiger and fuck me rough!"
She was nearly wasted and horny as hell but what did I care. My mom was being fucked by my classmate just feet in front of me.
I inserted my penis slowly into her pussy. It was so soft, wet and warm. I held it there for a couple of seconds when I was fully in. Admiring the sensation. I then pulled out and plunged my dick back in at a sharp pace. I grabbed at her hips for leverage. It was 15 minutes of bliss until I felt a familiar sensation. I came deep inside her.
"What the fuck Allen! Did you just cum in me!?"
"I'm sorry it's my first time."
"That figures. Thank god I'm on the pill."
She ran to the bedroom to clean herself off. Sandra and Tammy in tow.
"Fuck me faster, faster, harder, urgh! HARDER!"
I thought the table was going to break considering how rough Jeremy was giving it to Mom.
"I'm cumming, I'm cumming" Shouted Jeremy.
"Don't you dare pull out, fill me up, I want to feel it deep inside me."
Jeremy began pulling her hair and then made several sharp thrusts before stopping.
"Oooh GAWD!" I heard her cry out.
Jeremy pulled out as cum ran out of Mom's pussy.
Jeremy walked up to me and pretended to hit me.
"Yeah that's right I just fucked your momma and made you watch bitch. Your lucky you got some tonight though. You should be thanking me for Kristine so hot and bothered. Speaking of which I've got to tap that ass sometime soon but your mom's tight cunt drained me dude. Haha see you at graduation loser and bring that fine mom of yours back to my house for seconds. You heard."
Jeremy got dressed and drove home. Mom grabbed a bottle of vodka and began drinking. She laid down on the sofa and dozed off to sleep still naked.
It was 4 am and people started heading out. I got a blanket for Mom. Josh let me stay in the guest room. I made sure to change the sheets. God knows who else was fucking in there.
I drank some Jack and dozed off.
////
When I awoke my head was killing me. Absolutely throbbing. I saw Mom in Josh's kitchen making eggs, wearing an apron and nothing else.
"Hey sweetie, how's the hangover?"
"Is that what this is?"
"Yes and it's perfectly natural"
"Hey Kate" Josh said slapping my mom on the ass as he walked by.
"Josh what the fuck man!?"
"Stop being so anal retentive, you lost your virginity last night to the girl of your dreams. Remember?"
"Yeah but I came too early."
"So at least you're still not a virgin! Unlike me dude."
"Josh is that true?"
"Yes Kate. I was so jealous of you and Allen last night."
"Well I think there's a way to change that right now. But first eat up before breakfast gets cold."
We ate the eggs and toast as fast as one could possibly do so. Our minds racing over what Mom had planned.
"How about I be your first Josh. Would you like that."
"Fuck yeah Kate!" said Josh
"Good give me 15 minutes while I go look for something."
Mom went into Josh's parents room. Searching their drawers.
"Josh let's go to your room. Allen I want you to watch. I want to teach you two."
Josh and I stripped off our clothing as he got on the bed with mom and I stood in the doorway.
Mom splayed out on his bed with her head on his pillows. She spread her legs and spread the lips of her pussy. Indicating and explaining all the parts to us.
She then used the lube on Josh's cock.
She had him lay down as she hovered over it.
"You ready to lose your virginity Josh? You can back out now if you want."
His cock must of been 6". Standing straight up at the entrance to mom's pussy.
"I wouldn't lose it to any other woman."
She sank onto his cock. Letting him enjoy the sensation I felt with Kristine.
"Oooh yes you're so big. Now feel me squeeze you with my muscles. Can you feel that?"
"Oh god Kate, you're amazing."
"Now I want you to enjoy and try to stay focused on all the sensations. Feel how warm I am. Feel how wet my pussy is for you. Grab my boobs."
She began lifting herself off and sitting back down repeatedly on his cock. My cock began stirring and I began jacking off.
"Oooh I'm cumming Kate!"
"Good boy, cum deep inside me."
Mom got off Josh as his cock shrank and cum dribbled out of her.
Mom gave me a kiss. "What, are you jealous? You got to fuck Kristine last night so count your blessings son."
She got dressed and we said our goodbyes to Josh. I know one thing for sure: that was a party I'll never forget.