I have a nice piece of land in a rural area of Appalachia. It's not in the main Blue Ridge range itself, but rather in a small chain of mountains about thirty miles long, that veers off to one side. I'm on the far end, so my hills and ridge have an amazing view of the entire chain, as well as the river valley below. The really cool part about the view is that my property abuts an 8,000 acre state park, which take up a good chunk of that view, so there are no houses, buildings, cell towers or anything else to spoil the view in any way.
I built a small cabin up there in 1995; nothing fancy, but it has an old 1890's Franklin stove and keeps me out of the elements. I used to be able to drive in with four wheel drive, but the ford washed out and the Jeep crapped out, so now I have to park and walk in almost half a mile. That's reduced my visits considerably. I have a few adjoining properties to mine, although mine is the smallest at fifty acres, and combined with the state park, it's pretty remote. I do have one set of neighbors who built a house about the time I built my cabin, but they're a couple of Bohemians with a mail-order greenhouse business that don't care for my shooting up there. The last time I saw either one of them was in 1995, when their dog bit me in the face. I never even got so much as an apology from them, so I haven't had any contact since.
I don't get up there much anymore, since I can't just drive in. Carrying tools or supplies that far is a challenge, and I'm not as young as I used to be, either. I hadn't been up there in about two years, when I decided to go up for a few days and spend some time. One of the things I like about its remoteness is the privacy I have, and the first thing I do is take my clothes off when I get to the cabin. Then I spend the entire time nude, without any clothes or cares. I like to go for walks, and I especially like to masturbate in the outdoors. It's just really fun. The last thing I do before I leave is to put my clothes back on, and it's always a downer. I go from feeling free, to smothered.
This particular time, I arrived about nine in the morning, shucked my clothes, and headed for an oxbow in the creek with a small sandy meadow alongside. I love to take my sneakers off and run through the sand, and go splashing in the creek. I always end up jerking off, and it feels wonderful. Then, I have a nice hike back up to the cabin, free from clothes. It's always so tempting to want to put them back on after I cum, for fear of someone seeing me, and this way, I'm committed to staying nude. It makes the experience that much more fun.
I was following a deer path down the side of the ridge toward the creek, when I heard the sound of something walking on two legs several hundred feet away. I have tons of turkeys up there, and one will sound like a person wandering around, but this was louder and much more deliberate. It had to be another person, so I ducked behind a large rhododendron bush and peeked through it. The footsteps grew louder, and a figure appeared out of the woods at the edge of the creek.
My vision isn't as sharp as it used to be, but the person had long blonde hair, so I assumed it was a female. She also appeared to not be wearing any clothes, which puzzled me, unless it was another naturist who had wandered onto my land by mistake. My question was answered, as I heard a frustrated cry of "Oh no! I don't know this place either!"
It was obvious this person was a female, but I had no idea her age from this distance. I watched closely, as she found her way onto the old dirt road that led around the area I call the Beaver Meadow. She stopped alongside a large chunk of white crystal rock and sat on it. Like myself, she wasn't wearing any clothes except for sneakers, so I felt comfortable approaching her nude.
"Hey there," I said softly, so as to not startle her, "are you lost?"
She gave a start anyway, and sucked her breath in, looking up at me in surprise. Now that I was close enough to get a good look at her, she looked to be in her late teens or early twenties. She was rather attractive as well, but rather small in stature.
"Who are you?" she inquired in a pleasant Southern drawl.
She didn't appear to be frightened; just as curious about me as I certainly was about her.
"I'm Jack." I replied with a smile. "This is my property. Are you lost?"
She nodded and glanced around.
"I went for a walk and got all turned around. I'm sorry, I didn't know I was on your land."
"Didn't you see all those purple blazes on the trees up there, when you crossed the old barbed wired fence?" I asked.
"Yes. I don't know what they mean. I thought it was a path, so I followed them down here."
"Ah," I responded, "that explains it. In this state, it means no trespassing. Its just as legal as a sign."
"Am I in trouble?" she asked; a tinge of trepidation in her voice.
I shook my head.
"No." I replied. "It was an honest mistake. I have it posted because I like my privacy. As you can see, I don't like wearing clothes either."
She seemed relieved, and smiled back at me.
"Where do you live?" I inquired.
"On Old Tobacco Farm Road." she replied. "Down at the end. There's a gate, and we live back in there."
"That's Mike and Betty's place." I said.
Mike and Betty, the owners of the mangy mutt that had bitten me! I knew where she lived, alright!
"My mother bought it from them last November." the young lady explained. "They had some legal troubles and needed money, so they put the place up for sale. Mom bought it along with the company they had selling plants online. Since I was home schooled, I decided to stay around and help her out instead of going to college when I graduated last year.
"Because of my size, I was into gymnastics when I was younger, but I rather like the idea of staying here clothes free and just enjoying my life. I had a scholarship, but what's the sense in wasting it if I'm not going to use a diploma anyway?"
"Well that's cool!" I responded. "I never liked those two anyway! So, I have a couple of questions for you, if I may. First, what is your name, and second, why aren't you wearing any clothes?"
"I'm Emma," she answered, "and it's a nice day out, so I decided to go for a nice walk around our property. I told Mom I wouldn't be gone that long, but I didn't expect to get lost though."
"She knows you're walking around without any clothes on?!" I asked incredulously. "She doesn't mind?"
"Not at all." Emma replied. "She's not wearing any, either. It's one of the reasons she bought the place. We both kind of hate wearing clothes. So, how come you're not wearing any either?"
"Because it's my property." I said with a smile. "Like I told you before, I don't like wearing clothes either. That's why my land is posted. I don't mind if other naturists visit though, as long as they aren't wearing anything. I just don't want people wandering in here while I'm enjoying the moment, if you know what I mean. That's why I'm down here. I was going to walk out into the creek."
"Oh yeah, I get horny too, when I walk around nude." Emma responded. "So does my mother. You know Jack, you should meet her. I think you'd like her."
"Well, since you're lost and I'll have to take you home, I suppose I will." I said with a laugh. "She doesn't have a boyfriend, I take it?"
Emma shook her head.
"No. We're too far out of the way for most guys now. She's met a few before, but they always got nervous around me for some reason. They think it's cool at first, being with a naturist mother and daughter, but then they always find some excuse not to come around anymore. It makes me sad. I feel like it's my fault or something. Now, like I said, we're too far out now. No one would drive this far unless they expected sex or something."
"I drive two hours to get here from my house." I countered. "If they were genuine, it wouldn't be a problem for them."
"You mean you don't live here?" Emma inquired, a tinge of disappointment to her face. "I really wanted you to meet Mom. I think you two would hit it off. You're both close to the same age and all."
"I have a cabin, but I don't live here, no." I responded.
"Is it that one with the broken down tractor in front?" she asked.
"Yes, you missed the purple blazes on that side too, I take it?" I asked her with a smile. "You sure do get around."
"I guess so, sorry." she apologized. "I didn't know."
I laughed.
"It's okay, Emma. Now you know what they mean, but you and your mother are welcome on my land any time you wish. I'll take you home. I'm getting thirsty though, what about you? We'll go back up to the cabin and get some water, and then I'll take you around the back way."
"Okay." Emma replied.
She seemed to be searching for the right words as she contemplated telling me something.
"Um, you said you were on your way down here to um, you know..." she prodded.
"Yes."
"Um, are you still going to?" she asked timidly.
I reached my hands out and she took them. I pulled her to her feet before answering.
"Why, would you like to, too?" I inquired just as cautiously. "How old are you, anyway?"
"Nineteen."
"Okay then." I relented. "Come on. We can enter the Beaver Meadow from this end. If we go to the other end, we'll have to climb down a bit."
I took her hand and led her onto the small grassy meadow. It had once been part of the creek, but when it changed course, this portion remained a small oxbow pond that eventually silted in with fine, mica sand over the years. The result was a nice, small meadow that naturally seeded in with orchard grass. It was the perfect place to put a picnic table, except that during high water, it would probably float away. There was still a small section that remained open sand, and it was almost like a beach along the gravel bar.
"This is beautiful!" Emma exclaimed.
She sat down and pulled her socks and sneakers off, leaving her completely nude. I couldn't help but gaze at her nude athletic body as she darted around the sand, giggling and leaping into the air like a school girl. I removed my own sneakers and socks, and motioned for her to join me. She trotted back with a huge smile on her face.
"Oh Jack, this is so peaceful!" she gushed. "I never knew this was here. Can I come here when you're gone?"
"Like I said, you and your mother are welcome here anytime you wish." I replied. "Just call me if you would, in case I have visitors. They might be a bit shocked to see you show up like this."
Emma giggled and nodded. I stared at her naked athletic body, and she was so tiny and petite! She was a little over five feet tall, with rather small but nice breasts for her size. I felt my penis stir, and Emma giggled again.
"You're getting hard, Jack." she observed. "Am I to blame?"
"Partly." I replied. "Wanna get in the creek?"
"Too chilly, I think." she answered. "Let's lay on the sand and do it."
"Okay." I responded.
We lay down facing one another, and I began tugging on my cock as I looked at Emma's unclothed body. She was busy playing with herself, and it wasn't long before she squealed in pleasure. She'd beaten me to it! I was getting close myself, when she interjected.
"Wait! I have something for you!" she cried. "Don't cum yet, please!"
I let go of my cock, as hard as it was to stop, and Emma crawled over to me.
"You found me when I was lost, and I want to thank you." she said. "My mother taught me something that I think you're like."
"What's that?" I inquired.
"Lay on your back and I'll show you." she said. "Spread your legs."
I knew what was coming, literally, and I couldn't believe it! Her mother had taught her how to suck dick? Something told me I was going to love meeting her mother as well. Emma moved in between my legs, and her warm, wet mouth engulfed my cock. She slid her lips up and down the shaft as she sucked at the same time, like a true professional. She wasn't using her hands at all. Her mother had taught her very well!
I sighed in relaxation as she continued performing expert fellatio on me. It wasn't long before I was ready to cum, and I let her know, so that she wouldn't be taken off guard and inhale or something.
"Emma, I'm going to cum!" I gasped. "Oh shit!"
I groaned in pleasure, as I ejaculated inside her mouth. Spurt after spurt of thick semen flooded into her mouth, and she swallowed every last drop like a pro. If her mother had taught her how to do this, I definitely wanted to meet her!
"Oh fuck!" I exclaimed. "That was awesome, Emma! That felt so good! Thank you!"
"Thank you for finding me." she said with a warm smile, after swallowing all of it. "It was the least I could do. There's no telling how long I might have been wandering around if you hadn't found me."
"Well, Josh owns that land over there," I said, pointing, "and beyond that are farms and houses, but if you went up past my cabin, you'd have hit the state park. It's seven miles to that big mountain you can see out your front window. You'd have been in bad shape if you got lost out there.
"You're lucky I decided to come here this weekend." I continued. "I haven't been up here in close to two years. Also lucky I wanted to come down here and jerk off. Any other time, and you'd have kept on walking up this path. If you missed my cabin, you'd have been up Shit's Creek without a cell phone."
The seriousness of the situation set in, and Emma nodded.
"I'll be real careful from here on out." she stated. "It's been cold over the winter, so I didn't get out much to explore the place, you know? This was the first time I decided to go for a walk on that side of the land, and I got lost."
"Without any water either." I added. "From here on out, I want you to promise me you'll take water and a compass, and a cell phone any time you go for a walk, okay? Even if you have to wear a pack or something. I know you want to feel free and all, but until you learn these woods, I want you to promise me. If you get lost in that park, those woods will be just as lonely and dangerous as they were five hundred years ago.
"There's black bears and wild boar up here. Most come right out of that park. It's over 8,000 acres and takes up two mountains. You and your mother have no idea what's prowling around your house at night. I never go around up here without a gun."
"Then where is it?" Emma inquired. "I don't see you holding one."
"I left it behind a rhododendron bush when I saw you." I replied. "I'll pick it up on the way back."
"I'm getting kind of thirsty." Emma said quietly. "Can I get a quick drink out of the creek before we head up to your cabin?"
"No way!" I said emphatically, taking her off guard. "Don't drink out of that. There's a farm about a mile upstream with cows, and it leaches into the creek. I think someone's letting their gray water run into it too. Sometimes I see suds in the fast water."
"Yuck!" Emma exclaimed. "That should be illegal."
"It is." I said in disgust. "Not the cows, but the septic, yeah. One of these days, I'm going to get a water sample and turn it in to Soil and Water for analysis. If it shows human waste, they'll find where it's coming from. For now, I just limit my time in the creek. Anyway, let's head up to the cabin and re-hydrate, okay?"
We headed back up the hill toward the cabin, stopping off at the rhododendron to pick up my Colt Anaconda before continuing. It's almost two hundred feet in vertical rise from the creek to the top of my hill where the cabin is, and it's an arduous hike if you aren't used it. It took us fifteen minutes or so, and by the time we reached the cabin, we were both very tired and thirsty. I grabbed a couple bottles of water and handed one to Emma. We polished them off in good time, and I chuckled.
"Guess we were both pretty thirsty." I said with a smile.
She smiled in return.
"Yeah, and your salty sperm didn't help either." she joked.
A thought hit me.
"Hey, maybe we should call your mom and let her know what happened, in case she's worried about you." I suggested. "We'll rest up here for a bit, but she'll at least know you're okay."
"That's a good idea." she agreed. "I mean, I am an adult, but you're right; parents DO worry."
I smiled and handed her my cell phone. Years ago, the only repeater was located twenty miles away on top of Sour Mash Mountain, and you had to call from the cabin or the top of the ridge. Anywhere else and forget it. Then, after the turn of the millennium, a new repeater was installed on a high hill just outside of the closest town, and everyone in the county north of the mountains switched to that network. Now, even down at the creek, I had full signal. Emma took my phone and dialed a number.
"Hi Mom it's me... Yeah I'm fine... I got a little lost, but we have a great neighbor! He found me and he's bringing me home... Yeah you'll like him. He's a naturist too... About 5'10", with dark hair and a nice dick... Not sure; hang on a sec."
She turned to me.
"How old are you?" she inquired. "Mom's curious."
"Forty seven." I replied with a smile. "Just tell her I'll meet her soon, and from your description, I can't wait."
"Yeah Mom, he's keen to meet you too." Emma relayed. "Yeah, he's bringing me home in a bit... Don't worry, I'm safe. Look, he found me, and I trust this man with all of my being, and you should too. We'll be there in a little bit. You can meet him for yourself... No, I have to go so we can start home. Yes he's cut. What the fuck is wrong with you? Gotta go. See you soon."
She folded the phone shut and handed it to me.
"Mama bear." she said, as she bared her teeth and bit the left side of her lip sexily. "Always looking out for me. Don't worry, she'll love you, I promise."
I grunted, and led the way from the cabin toward Emma's house. We went down a steep hill and when we reached the bottom I pointed to the right.
"See that water seeping out?" I inquired.
"Yes." Emma replied. "What about it?"
"That whole hollow used to be a hole in the ground." I explained, as we passed it by and headed through the woods. "During the Great Yankee Incursion, it was a bog mine. It was one of many in the area. You know in town, there is that old furnace thing?"
"Yes, but I don't know what it was all about." Emma responded. "I don't know much about American history."
"Well, during the war," I continued, "there were a bunch of these bog mines all throughout the area. The ore was taken to that furnace, where it was smelted into pig iron and floated downriver, where it was cast into cannonballs for the Confederacy. Chances are that in a museum somewhere, there is a cannonball that came from this property."
"Seriously?" she burst out. "Really?"
"Yep." I replied. "The old guy I bought this from filled it in with a bunch of that mica sand down by the creek. There's got to be fifty feet of that sand in that hole. That is the purest water you'll ever drink. I need to drive a gravel point in there for a water source. Come on, your house is up this way."
I led her down a ravine for a ways, then we headed uphill. Suddenly, the woods opened up, and we were in the lower quadrant of her yard. The house was clearly visible further up the hill, but to the left were the greenhouses and a large garden.
"There's Mom!" Emma gushed eagerly, pointing to the garden. "C'mon, let's go!"
She took the lead, dragging me by the hand toward her mother. As we crossed the open lawn, I could clearly see a blonde woman on her hands and knees in the garden, planting seeds into the ground. She was fully nude; not even wearing any shoes. Talk about all natural gardening!
"Mom!" Emma hollered. "This is Jack!"
The woman looked up, and I was immediately entranced by her soft, saggy tits. They dangled below her chest as she moved around, and I was instantly captivated by them. Emma saw my reaction and smirked.
"Told you you'd like her!" she snickered.
The woman stood up as we approached her, and smiled. She was gorgeous! It was fairly early in the season, and her skin was still a pale and pasty white, although she had wiped her hands on her sweaty skin, leaving muddy streaks here and there. Her breasts pointed due south, with chunky nipples on the ends; a clear indication that she had not worn a bra in a long time, if ever. I was instantly enthralled with her, just as Emma had predicted.
"Mom, this is Jack." she repeated enthusiastically.
"Hello." I said in response. "I'm your neighbor. It's great to meet you. I just wish I knew your name."
"Misty-Dawn." she said with a pleasant smile and the same welcoming Southern drawl her daughter had used. "So you are the great-looking guy that found my daughter. She wasn't exaggerating."
"Guilty as charged." I replied with a smile of my own. "Thank you for the compliment. It's nice to meet you, Misty-Dawn. That's a pretty name."
"Misty-Dawn Meadows," she continued with a grin, "but I usually just go by Dawn. My mother thought Misty-Dawn was cute. Then I married a guy whose last name was Meadows. It doesn't get much cornier than that."
"Not unless his last name was Woods," I chuckled, "but Misty Meadows is a pretty cool name."
I glanced around.
"So, you took over Mike and Betty's business when you bought the house?" I inquired. "Looks like you got a package deal."
"They didn't have much need for either, any more." Dawn said with a frown. "Their dog attacked a boy up the road and mauled him pretty bad. They had a lot of medical bills to cover, plus a huge lawsuit. They got five years for reckless endangerment too. Seems it had happened before, with another dog. They were warned about keeping them confined."
"Yeah, the first one bit me in the face." I said with a frown. "Left some scarring too. Luckily it's not too bad. I should have sued them, but I didn't. Didn't want to cause an issue with the neighbors. They never even apologized for it, though. I don't think Betty even told Mike it had happened. Well, you two seem like such better neighbors anyway."
"I'm glad." Dawn said warmly. "I think we're going to get along just fine. I made a batch of sweet sun tea while my daughter was busy getting herself lost. Would you like to come up to the house and have a glass or two?"
"That would be nice, thank you." I replied.
One glass was a polite invitation, but two indicated she wanted me to stay at least a little while longer. I was definitely up to additional conversation with her as well. I followed her up the hill to the house, which was built into the side of the hill, giving it a nice walkout basement and spectacular views from every level. We entered through the basement and ascended a set of stairs that brought us out in the middle of an open floor plan adjacent to the kitchen, dining and living room areas.
"Home sweet home!" Dawn exclaimed. "We just love it here."
"I can see why." I replied. "You have the full view, no pun intended."
"A sense of humor." she responded, as she took a pitcher of iced tea from the refrigerator. "I like that. It shows you aren't a hard ass."
"Not all the time," I said with a smile, "but I can be if it's needed. Like say for instance, someone was giving someone I care about a hard time."
Dawn looked at Emma, who was smiling as well.
"Chivalrous too." she added. "I think my little lost puppy has brought a nice, juicy bone home to her mother."
"He's got really sweet marrow too." Emma added.
"I see." Dawn responded. "Took it for a test drive before you brought it home to Mama, eh? Well, what did you think?"
"I like him." Emma replied. "Can we keep him, please?"
I was beginning to get a little nervous at that point, as I hadn't notified anyone I was headed up to the cabin for a few days, and my trusty Anaconda was still there. Was this going to turn into a Steven King movie or a Penthouse Letters moment? My fears were short-lived, however, as Dawn smiled.
"He's not a pet, Emma!" she admonished, before turning to me and continuing. "But we sure would love to have a man around the house. What do you say, Jack? Ever had a threesome with a mother and daughter before? Think you can handle the both of us?"
I was stunned to say the least, and completely taken aback. Emma had promised I would like her mother and she was right!
"I have not, but I am certainly willing to try." I finally managed to blurt out.
"Good!" Dawn exclaimed. "Then I expect you be staying for lunch, dinner and the night. Whatever plans you had for this weekend, go ahead and forget them. I promise you this will be much more fun than you've ever had in your life."
Penthouse Letters! This was most definitely going to be a Penthouse Letters weekend; no ifs, ands or "butts" about it.