"Ok so...do you know what dogging is?"
Chris stares at me with that wide eyed intense look of curiosity that I find so endearing, swallowing, he slowly nods before a hesitant reply, "Erm...yeah...I mean... I've seen some videos about it...you know...on the net."
I'm laid on his bed while he sits naked on the end of it. A fortnight has passed since my first pee session, we haven't done it again so far but Chris has been heavily hinting that he wants me to.
It's sunday night and although my young friend is naked I am not. I am however rather sticky between the legs, Chris's fresh spunk leaking from my bottom.
We've just finished a Mrs Taylor session and I'm dressed as her.
This time we explored not only his fetish for the strict headmistress but another quietly hidden kink, restrained women.
He did get quite excited during a previous naughty phone call when I revealed I liked to be restrained, and asked hesitantly if he could tie me up.
Well, I've been tied up before but not as tightly bound as this.
My hands and ankles were bound together then these in turn were secured to the legs of his desk, so I'm laid on my side, then a gag is applied.
This was an older fantasy of Chris's, one which he'd indulged many times. In this scenario thieves had gotten into Mrs Taylor's office and raided the safe, tying her up and leaving her on the floor for Chris to...find.
Discovering his overbearing headmistress in this most compromising position had presented the young man with a unique opportunity.
After years of being dominated by the strict miss...it was time for some payback.
Time to indulge...
Knowing the script and what was coming I'd previously lubed my back passage with KY jelly, making sure it was nice and slippery.
In his email description Chris had expressed a strong desire to explore that part of me, while I was under his control.
And so, while I struggled against my bindings and protested with muffled cries through the cloth gag, Chris lifted up my skirt, pulled my panties down and began investigating.
Using his little finger initially but then experimenting with a selection of different objects, a pencil, small torch, candle. Each object was inserted a little way then withdrawn and repeated over and over, feeding my young friend's curiosity.
It appeared he was fascinated by watching as a part of each object slowly slipped inside my tight crevice.
Once he'd satisfied his desires with the objects it was time for Mrs Taylor to feel the full humiliation of being sodomised against her will by one of her lowly students.
This act brought out Chris's darker side, his dominant alter ego, although not nearly as much as when I wet myself for him.
And while he fucked my arse deep and slow, savouring each violating stroke, Chris goaded me out loud that I was powerless to stop him.
He managed to have me twice in this manner in quick succession before my fake protests became genuine and I was quickly ungagged and let loose from the bindings, both my feet had gone numb due to the tightness.
And so now, I laid on his bed resting while answering a question Chris had asked. He was enquiring what other fantasies or secret desires I might have.
I'd thought about revealing my big age gap kink but perhaps this wasn't appropriate, especially with how he felt about old Toby.
So, I took another lesser gamble.
Continuing after he'd answered my question, "Well...that's what I'd like to do....be the center of attention at a dogging meet...have all those strangers gather around me...and use me...over and over."
Watching the look on his face quickly change from one of expectant curiosity to surprise and dare I say a touch of disgust.
Lowering his eyebrows in a frown of distaste, Chris asks, "What really?...you'd want to do that?...wouldn't you be scared?"
I can see he finds my idea quite shocking so I tone things down with a disarming grin and a reminder for my young friend that it is just a fantasy and I doubt I'd ever be brave enough.
Then to wind him up I add, "Well...I suppose I could start off slowly and work up to a big group....maybe blow a stranger or two through the open car window...you could drive me there and watch while I do it."
Predictably he takes the bait and goes all serious until I inform him that he's been had.....he's so easy.
I've always known he wouldn't be the sharing type.
But describing myself being used like this does give me an appetite for perseverance, and so I try one last time.
Asking Chris if he has any friends he can trust brings the same distasteful response, he knows instantly what I'm getting at and where the question is going.
Telling me that no he doesn't have any close friends and even if he did he wouldn't want to see them do 'that' to me.
Oh well, it was worth a try.
All this talk of sharing however, suddenly reminds me of something I've been mulling over for a little while.
It's been there at the back of my mind since hearing Rita talk about her lack of any sex life, a couple saturday's ago on one of our girls nights in.
An idea...perhaps?
Changing the subject slightly I remind Chris of the list of fantasies he showed me a while back, he nods with growing interest, "Well...can you remember that first one?...you wanted to have two women to yourself?"
Oh my, the transformation on Chris's face is so comical I can't help but grin.
Informing him quickly that he'd no need to get too excited because I hadn't changed my mind about not being attracted to other ladies, but I may have a proposition.
Chris listens avidly while I explain further, "You see I have this friend...she's called Rita...and she hasn't...well...been intimate with a man for a long time..."
As I'm explaining Chris is staring at me like a greedy dog watches his owner preparing food, and although what I'm saying is serious the look on his face is pushing me towards a giggling fit, it's all I can do to fight it back with a ghost of a grin just making it through.
Continuing, "...I hope you don't mind but I've told her about you and our affair....don't worry she's very secretive and wouldn't tell anyone...well....I had this idea that if your both willing we might be able to spend some time together....some quality time...if you know what..."
Trailing off, It's no good and I have to break out into a chuckle, Chris defensively asking what's so funny?
"Will you stop looking at me like a hungry golden retriever!"
I've stopped chuckling but still grinning, quickly joined by Chris who now realises he's been entranced by my provocative words.
With the light hearted moment passing I hesitantly go on with my proposal.
"Now...if you are willing to give it a try...then I could ask her...see what she thinks to the idea."
Watching him closely I can see it's come as a big surprise, Chris's shy insecure nature runs deep, this is clearly a big deal for him.
From the outset, I've known my idea was risky, knowing both Chris and Rita are shy introverts, and both of them have problems socially. Not to mention what Rita's husband has subjected her to over the years, causing an apparent distrust of men.
It's a long shot.
So, to wet my boy's appetite...."You don't have to decide right now....just have a think about it..."
As I'm speaking softly to him, I'm beginning to sit up in bed, resting my back against the headboard.
Giving him a special meaningful look, I continue talking in the soft quiet tone, "....have a good think about what two very willing and able ladies could do for you...all the naughty games we could play....dirty things we could do together..."
All the while I'm talking in this seductive manner Chris is staring at me with a growing fervent look...and that's not the only thing growing.
"....and let's not forget...poor old Rita probably hasn't done it for years...just imagine...all that pent up frustration...suddenly finding an outlet...that could be you."
Glancing down as I finish speaking, he's almost fully hard, but doesn't appear to have noticed... so hypnotised by my words.
I can actually see the thought process going on, the young man's imagination running wild...poor things practically drooling.
Chris swallows a few times before asking a couple of questions about Rita, how old is she? And what does she look like?
"She's fifty six....you like older girls don't you...ooh just imagine Chris...thirty six years your senior...right..what doe's she look like?...well she's a big girl...bigger than me...oh...wait a minute I can show you."
Quickly getting up off the bed and retrieving my phone from the my bag, finding a recent selfie we did the previous saturday, both of us smiling into the camera heads together.
"Here..."
Passing Chris the phone.
"....that's Rita....what do you think?...do you like her?"
There's a a brief hesitation as Chris takes in the image, then recognition.
He tells me he's seen her before at the store where I work, and answers my question with a, "Yeah...yeah she's nice...I like her."
Handing me the phone back looking positive and sure, this is starting to come together.
Asking Chris again...is it a yes from him?
Looking a little nervous but clearly excited too, Chris nods and confirms, "Yeah...yeah I'd like that...if Rita wants to."
Grinning wickedly back at my cautious young boyfriend, I tell him he's a good boy, adding that he won't regret it and I'll ask Rita next weekend if she's willing to join us.
One down, one to go. Although something tells me that Rita is going to be harder to convince. Perhaps I've made a mistake here by getting this young man's hopes up, only time will tell.
As for tonight...it's only just begun.
We've enjoyed reenacting one of Chris's Mrs Taylor fantasies, so now I suggest exploring our joint exhibitionist kink and go for a ride in the car, find somewhere we could be seen.
I get cleaned up and changed back into the clothes I arrived in, with an inkling what was going to happen after Mrs Taylor I'd opted for suitable car or outdoor fun clothing.
Dressed all in black I'm wearing a thin short sleeved button up blouse, short skirt and knee high leather boots...no bra and no panties.
Leaving the house and driving out to the edge of town, Chris has an idea.
Feeling emboldened by his decision to hopefully take on two women in the near future, he recommends a place we could go where he used to play as a child.
Beside a railway embankment of all places, semiurban environment and a higher risk than our previous 'show' location. What makes this place rather special is the fact that overlooking the area is a block of flats.
Bold indeed, it even makes me feel a little nervous. However, from the moment I hear Chris's description and subsequent plan, excitement begins to fill my veins.
Thinking about all those people that could see us...
By the time we get there I'm nice and moist down below, anticipation producing a familiar warmth between my legs.
After parking the car we head off down a narrow dirt track flanked by dense foliage, nettles, bramble etc.
On the ground there is litter and dog excrement, the place has a dirty, sleazy feel to it.
After clearing a small copse we arrive at a footbridge across the railway line, after crossing this we go off the filthy beaten track, it's a good job I have boots on.
I can now see the block of flats ahead in the near distance poking above the tops of bushes, we are close.
Once through a little scrubland we get to a hedgerow running parallel to the railway line, on the other side of this there is a sheltered area flanked by small derelict buildings covered in graffiti.
Glancing back up at the tall grey structure, it is perhaps two hundred yards away, maybe more, but feels a lot closer.
An ugly monstrosity, no doubt a relic from the sixties. Immediately in front of it is a line of tall trees which obscures the lower floors from view.
It's becoming dusk, gazing up at the windows some are lit and I can see people moving around inside, on closer inspection some of the windows are open and as I concentrate, focusing carefully on one of the upper wide open windows, I can just make out the figure of a man leant on its tall sill...watching us.
A dog is barking somewhere off in the distance and closer, from the flats, faint sounds of a baby crying and a couple arguing. The whole area gives out a seedy, wrong side of the tracks feel to it, making me wonder what we're getting ourselves into.
Diverting my attention to Chris who is calling me over to where he stands near the doorway of one of the derelicts, following him inside the room is small and bare, interior walls covered in crude explicit graffiti.
Litter is strewn across the concrete floor, beer cans, wine bottles etc, and more troubling refuse...used syringe needles... condoms...the small confines have a faint odour of urine.
"What do you think?...sorry...it's not how I remember."
His words echo and have a dejected tone accompanied by a resigned embarrassed look from Chris.
However, the dirty sleazy nature of our surroundings stir something within me...plus the fact I know that we are being watched at that moment by at least one of the tower block residents...
The environment seems to get under my skin, making me feel...cheap...slutty....and subsequently very naughty.
Chris is stood further into the room than me and seems unaware that we are under observation, should I tell him?....no, not yet.
It can be my secret for a little while, although I imagine it won't stay that way for long.
Beckoning Chris to me with curling forefinger, a surprised look is his initial response but he obeys anyway, coming right up to me where I stand in the doorway...in view.
Giving the young man a seductive look before kissing him on the lips, then pulling back, "I like it...it makes me feel...dirty."
He stares at me for a moment with a wide eyed fervent gaze as my words sink in, then, lunges forward grasping me in both arms pulling us tightly together, lips firmly pressing against my own.
A rush of passion is quickly upon us both, sweeping us away. There is no gentle affection, no foreplay, no time taken.
This is rough and raw, and it's exactly what I'm craving.
It takes a few moments before we hear a noise from the flats, which comes shortly after my blouse is undone and Chris begins vigorously devouring the contents. I was expecting it but Chris is startled and briefly lifts his head out my glistening bosom to look across at the big grey building.
We are stood sideways on to the 'spectator' and he can see my bare tits. It's the man I saw earlier near the top floor, he's waving and shouting something and although I can't make it out he's clearly excited and enjoying our display.
Chris however, suddenly looks worried. Before, when we put on a show for the lorry drivers, they were gone almost as soon as they saw us but this is different.
We are in full view of many people, and they are not going anywhere, one is even attempting to verbally interact with us...it's a daunting situation to be in.
Chris's shy, timid nature is struggling, so I give him something to focus on.
"Hey?....honey?...that's it...look at me...good boy."
Lowering my hands to his crotch I begin undoing his belt and trousers button.
"Keep looking at me...that's good...they can't get to us...all they can do is watch...that's why we're here...that's it....let me take control...good boy..."
Pulling his trousers and underpants down I free Chris's stiff cock, holding him tightly in my hand, gently shaking.
"....oh yeah...baby your so hard."
With these final words I waste no more time, crouching down on my haunches in front of Chris I take him into my mouth.
A gasp from Chris is overshadowed by a loud whoop and cheer from the block of flats.
Glancing up at the windows with a mouthful of cock, I see the man has company, directly below him a small group of guys is gathered at their window staring right at us.
As I continue watching, the window flies open and we hear lots of excited cheering, in amongst which a voice can just be heard shouting, "Suck that fucking cock bitch...yeehaa!"
But all this vulgar attention is a little too much too soon for young Chris and he exclaims from above, "Oh shit....there's more...what if they....aahhh...."
His high pitched trailing off is the result of my tongue working over a particularly sensitive area, trying to get his mind back on the job.
It has the desired effect, momentarily distracting the shy young man.
However, I'm quickly becoming so aroused from all this attention...I want him in me properly.
To one side of the doorway we entered and now present ourselves for the baying crowd, there is a large hole in the brickwork resembling a widow in appearance.
An idea immediately springs to mind, one which will satisfy all parties needs.
Letting Chris go and standing up I urge him to follow me to the 'window'. Being careful where I stand for there is much litter here, I manoeuvre into position bending over and placing both hands on the lower edge of the hole shuffling my feet back and opening my legs, thus presenting Chris with an obvious target.
I am now prone, ready...and perfectly framed in the window...tits out and in full view.
In this position we all get what we want, the crowd of lecherous onlookers can see me, I have Chris and Chris has me, while keeping back in the shadows out of view...precious shelter for my shy but eager friend.
There is a brief moment of hesitation before I feel him moving into position up close behind me, shuffling of feet, hands lifting my skirt up, fingers probing...
Fuck!...I love these final intimate fumblings before...the anticipation is electric.
Briefly closing my eyes as he enters me, then opening them at the same time as my mouth....a loud gasp of utter relief is quickly followed by an approving moan, and another...and another.
Strong hands grasp my hips tightly, I feel his energy, his vitality flowing.
Pushing deep with each in stroke Chris builds up a steady rhythm, he's improved control of late and can now last longer.
Looking out across to the flats, more people are now watching, drawn to see what all the commotion is about. Mainly men but also some couples, one person quickly draws their curtains in disgust. But most have their eyes firmly upon me...in my own unique window.
The gang of young men are shouting obscenities, vulgar words reach my eager ears.
I...want this so badly.
My body shakes with each thrust from behind, I'm very aware of many things happening at once, the jiggling movements of my boobs, the eyes afore, excited...depraved words wafting across, tiny insignificant things like birdsong, the wind through nearby bushes, a dog barking...all is alive...my senses on high tune.
But slowly everything fades out, blurs together.
Natural inhibitions are swallowed up by pure carnal lust.
The crowd before me and my young lover behind...leaving myself far away...I belong to them.
When I come to my senses Chris is in the midst of locking up, pushing deep...familiar feel of heavy pulses... warmth flowing into me
I'm breathless, gasping, sound coming back...slowly...excited voices...shouting.
It's this sound of shouting voices that brings me, us, rudely to our senses. The gang of young men, one of whom is yelling through cupped hands, his words ominous...threatening, "We're coming down...keep her there...keep the bitch there."
Chris, still going deep inside me suddenly reacts, pulling out and backing away, his single word, "Shit!"
It perfectly sums up our situation, we are indeed suddenly in it, my initial reaction is the same...panic.
Here we are in a very compromising situation, my young lover literally caught with his pants down. A gang of at least four young men are on their way down to us, and somehow I don't believe they wish to treat me with tender loving care.
If they catch us I'm in trouble, which in itself even amidst this genuine panic...pushes a button within the twisted part of my mind. The element of danger...is suddenly very arousing.
But, I don't have time to dwell on that right now, we must get out of here and fast.
As Chris quickly pulls his clothing back up I take a tissue out my blouse pocket and wipe my upper thighs and leaking fanny, throw the sodden thing down amongst the other litter and then frantically fasten the buttons back up, meanwhile Chris is already out the building and desperately urging me to hurry.
Leaving the last few buttons undone we flee the area, Chris pulling me along by the hand.
I must say, I'm not exactly built for sprinting and rarely even jog, so within a minute I'm gasping and out of breath, another and I have to slow to a fast walking pace, my chest feels like it's on fire.
All the time we're moving down the narrow dirty path Chris is panicking, urging me to run again but I can't. Suffice to say it's a very tense journey back to the little hatchback car.
At one point, near the railway footbridge we hear shouting from way behind, it sounds like the gang have reached where we were and realised we've scarpered...they sound angry...their noises fill me with fear...and something else...lurking in the background.
After what seems like a long time we do make it safely back inside the car, Chris driving us quickly away. For several minutes neither of us speak, I'm still trying to catch my breath and Chris is concentrating on driving. He's a little flustered, red faced and looking anxious.
As I calm down and begin to converse with Chris, my mind is working overtime...wandering to dark places.
We talk about what's happened and how lucky we were that the gang announced their intentions like they did, giving us some warning.
But while I'm talking I'm thinking, imagining scenarios. I don't tell Chris what's occupying my thoughts.
For that would trouble him, as it does me... partly.
Why? Why would I want that?
What is foremost in my mind, arousing my wild nature, is what would have happened to me if the gang had surprised us, or perhaps caught up with us during our escape.
It has been a long standing fantasy of mine to be used by a crowd of men, over and over. But this encounter added a new element...those young guys had one thing on their minds...but if I was reluctant?...what then?...truth is...I would be powerless to stop them.
The thought of it fills me with many emotions, fear, revulsion, panic...excitement, exhilaration, arousal.
I'm split down the middle, the scenarios I'm going over in my imagination are making me ashamed of myself for thinking such things, but also, extremely aroused.
And as I delve further into this dark place, so my arousal increases, to a point where I have to have relief.
Instructing Chris to find a suitable place to pull over as soon as he can, I take advantage of my young boyfriend who is very willing to satisfy my needs.
Is it wrong that while we're doing it my mind is elsewhere, imagining being used by the gang?...yes...and no...I suppose.
Fantasy is such a wonderful but equally twisted place, full of possibilities both right and wrong.
After the high drama of our close shave, the night ends on a high with much discussion between us about what happened, interspersed with vigorous sessions on both rear and my reclined passenger seat.
Afterwards Chris takes me home to my hubby, totally oblivious to the fact that John is eager to learn all what we've been up to that night and happy with the knowledge I've a belly full of my young lovers spunk.
**
Saturday night.
Another week passes slowly by, this too a busy one. But saturday does eventually drag itself reluctantly around. And with an empty house once again, both our boys being out for the night as usual, John off on a weekend wild camp, it's another girls night in for myself and Rita. This time it's going to be special because I have something important to ask my shy friend.
Although I am doubtful as to her response.
All week I've been bombarded with phone calls, texts and emails from a very nervous, excited Chris, my young boyfriend torn apart by the two emotions due to my proposition last week, realising I've made a mistake and should have put the idea to Rita first, but it's too late now.
John too, knows of my plan.
He was initially and understandably envious of Chris, making me feel even more pressure.
Throughout our journey so far, the focus has been on me and sharing me with another man. This was even primarily John's main fantasy, but what can I say...he's a guy so obviously he would like two women to play with.
However, we have to stick to our story. I'd told Rita that John knew nothing of my affair with Chris, and at this stage Rita also knows nothing of our 'colourful' life together as a swinging couple.
I'd even confided in her, to back up the reason for the affair, that he was neglecting me in the bedroom department. So if John couldn't handle one woman, then naturally two would be out of the question.
John is very mature and understood that this idea of mine was mainly aimed at pleasing Rita, and as both her and Chris are very shy and insecure it probably wouldn't be a typical threesome experience anyway but rather a separate room situation, Chris taking it in turns to 'have a go' with each of us one at a time. So, after the initial bit of envy he was ok with it.
So now, there was just my shy friend.
After Rita arrived we made ourselves comfy on the sofa and with drinks in hand began chatting, initially about work etc but then as the booze took hold and inhibitions evaporated I took my friend back to the previous sunday with a detailed account of what myself and Chris had gotten up to.
Rita listened as usual with great interest, asking the occasional question. I noticed while speaking that all the little signs of arousal she subconsciously displays are present.
Crossing her legs, playing with her hair etc.
Not unlike myself really.
By the time I'm finished relating our night of passion, my panties have a damp spot on the gusset and I'm pretty sure Rita's are the same.
Also, she's getting tipsy, so i decide to make my move.
Finishing my wine off and placing the glass down on the coffee table, I turn in the seat so I'm facing her.
"Rita love...you know how you told me that you...well...haven't done anything for a long while...you know?...in that way?"
Giving her a knowing look, she nods while confirming with a, "Yeah." Which has more than a little sarcastic twang to it, I have after all, just been describing how my young boyfriend almost fucked me unconscious the previous weekend...so I deserve it.
But my timing is intentional, I want what could be hers too, to be fresh in her mind.
Continuing, "Well...last weekend while I was with Chris...we...erm...I hope you don't mind but we had this little chat about you."
Rita's mouth falls wide open with a look of total surprise as she quickly makes the connection that I've left so obvious.
Beginning to grin, I can't help it, she instantly reacts, "Oh no!...you haven't?...seriously?...no..no..you haven't?...you wouldn't?"
Wincing while continuing to grin, gazing cheekily at my incredulous friend.
"You...have." both words are overemphasized and said slowly.
By now my infectious grin has spread to Rita, her initial response not containing any anger just total surprise.
Slowly nodding, I go on.
"We were just chatting and the subject drifted on to you...my best friend...and well...he was naturally curious and started asking questions."
By now Rita is beaming, her face a picture of excited curiosity.
However, as I continue relating some of the conversation we had about her she does occasionally become anxious and ask a probing question or two, it's sort of touch and go. But in general, Rita listens to what I have to say with eager interest.
I am more than relieved, I'd been imagining all manner of awful reactions to my idea, including Rita just getting up and leaving, slamming the door on her way out in disgust.
But she's taking the information well and even with good humour, only really becoming concerned that I may have painted her as a sad, old, desperate woman....oh and the part where I showed Chris her photo.
She was a little taken aback that I had done that but soon came around when I told her what Chris's reaction had been, which was very positive.
Unfortunately, my friend has a low opinion of how she looks and is very self conscious.
"He really said that?...he likes me?"
Rita asks, searching my eyes closely for the slightest deception. I formed the opinion a while back that Rita is very perceptive and can easily tell when folk are lying to her.
Seeing no sign of a lie within my response, a grin slowly spreads across her face, "Wow...I don't believe it...I just don't believe it."
Her words are uttered rather than spoken to me, as though in deep thought.
Nudging her leg playfully with my own brings Rita back into the room, "Told you didn't I?...you shouldn't put yourself down...I've seen guys looking at you at work."
At this she snorts and gives a sarcastic chuckle, "Yeah right...in disgust?"
Shaking my head, "There you go again....you can't help it can you!"
I'm very aware of Rita's low self esteem, she is always putting herself down and making sarcastic comments when I happen to mention anything positive about her.
And now, with this news that a handsome young man is finding her attractive and wants to sleep with her... she is struggling with an inner conflict and goes running back to the familiar but cruel comfort of self loathing.
She clearly wants to indulge, but her desire is up against a powerful foe.
It's in the balance and now I must tread carefully, "Look...it's a yes from Chris ok?...but you don't have to decide now...sleep on it if you like and see how you feel in the morning."
My patience pays off and Rita, after a short silent pause for thought begins asking some important questions.
One of which is what about my boys and John?
I tell her that my eldest son Chris has practically moved out and Steve is always at granny's house saturday night's. John will be off on some overnight camp out, so we won't be disturbed.
Once more my friend briefly descends into deep thought but this time I take advantage of her indecision and dangle a carrot.
Much the same as I did with Chris.
"Look...I know your nervous...truth us I am too...and you know what I've told you about Chris...so shy...he's gunna be more scared than we are...but think about it...a young virile guy...to enjoy all to ourselves...just think about that."
Slowly, a grin begins to form on Rita's face and she softens.
"I am thinking about it...oh god I am."
And at that we both burst out laughing. It's a special moment between us that I will always remember.
But our conversation about my proposal doesn't end there it continues long into the night until both of us fall asleep in the living room together.
**
The decision.
On waking I feel the familiar splitting headache that accompanies consciousness regularly on a sunday morning, another hangover...I really should try to not drink so much.
It's raining hard, probably what awoke me, and it's late, well late for me...seven thirty. I'm normally up at five.
Getting up off the floor where I basically past out while watching some forgotten film. Going through the motions of acquiring pain relief and fluids and then carefully considering breakfast...very...very carefully.
Rita awakes shortly after I take the plunge and gingerly fry some bacon, the smell of cooking bacon...most effective alarm clock.
It's funny, I knew from the moment that we made bleary eye contact that morning, I knew then what her decision about my idea would be.
Some folk you just have a special connection with...an understanding.
Eventually sat facing each other at the kitchen table, sipping strong tea and tenderly consuming a bacon sandwich...I asked the question.
Before replying she gives me a sarcastic knowing grin that is confirmation of what I was expecting.
"Pip...you...you are a wild one...I knew from when I first saw you...that's one of the things I admire about you."
She shakes her head slowly, looks down at her bacon sandwich, studying it carefully.
"I wish I had your courage..."
This first part is spoken in a distant, quiet tone. The second part is not.
Looking back up into my eye's and giving me a disturbing but all too familiar look of misplaced confidence, undoubtedly fuelled by self hatred, she continues, "...but I don't...last night...I really enjoyed it...what we discussed...but it's just fantasy...I'm sorry but it was the drink talking...I'm just too nervous...I can't do it."
Rita seems finished and briefly goes quiet, I'm about to reply but she begins speaking again, and what she has to say scares me, "And anyway...if he found out...he'd kill me."
I know that by 'he' Rita means Carl her hubby.
My friend gives me such a sincere look...that I'm left with no doubt that she is telling the truth, it's a chilling glimpse into her world, and something extremely unpleasant I will be privy to in the near future.
I know that questioning her about Carl will be pointless so I don't bother.
There is silence between us for a brief moment and then I quite matter of factly, change the subject to one of a more mundane nature...work the next day.
What else can I do?
And there it ends, an idea never to be realised?...not quite, but that's another story for another time.
My hopes of pleasing my friend are dashed all too easily and so suddenly.
The rest of our morning passes uneventfully, and we never discuss sharing my young boyfriend again.
Later, after Rita has gone home I phone Chris and give him the bad news. He takes it well and admits that he would probably have chickened out anyway...there's no pleasing some folk!
Although I'm sure he could have been persuaded between the pair of us, ultimately it was Rita's decision. Her nerves had gotten the better of her and put an end to any hopes of enjoying a threesome with my young virile boyfriend.
However, that doesn't prevent myself and Chris from finding other ways to satisfy our kinky desires.
Over the coming weeks and months we explore more of our fantasies and push the boundaries of ground already covered.
Next I will briefly go into detail about one of these more memorable adventures.
**
My affair with Chris is to last around four months before things turn sour with the realisation of just how twisted his relationship is with his mum Barbara
But for now, back to our ever more risky adventures.
It was a full month after my 'chat' with Rita in which she had declined an offer that I know would have made her very happy.
Now late september and feeling it, cold wet and windy quite often, dark nights beginning to draw in.
I'd wanted to do something risky that had been occupying my thoughts for a while...sex at work. What attracted me to this scenario was not only great risk but also how difficult it would be, I like a challenge you see.
I think everyone does, that seemingly impossible puzzle to solve...
But after some careful thought and observations while at the store I came up with a plan that could work.
The supermarket where I work has three separate toilet facilities. One for customers, one for staff and another on the first floor which is reserved for office staff and management.
The customer toilets and shop floor staff facilities are both on the ground floor.
Our customer toilets are out of the question, they are dirty and over used.
The management toilets are also a no go, too exclusive, and way up on the first floor.
However the ground floor staff toilets are perfect for my intended clandestine purposes.
They are very clean and rarely used as it's a bit of a faff getting to them, you have to access the staff area by punching a code into a keypad on a security door and then walk quite a way down a long corridor to the rear of the building.
So most shop floor staff don't bother, and use the customer toilets instead.
Through my observations of comings and goings when near the security door I'd noticed that occasionally lorry drivers on some delivery errand, had entered the staff area through this locked door.
Also at this time we were having some building work done at the store so there were some unfamiliar people in and out.
One thing they all did have in common however was an orange high vis bib.
So all Chris had to do was acquire one of these bibs and he would blend in, holding a clip board in one hand was the finishing touch.
On describing my plan Chris was predictably nervous but along with it excitement fizzed and bubbled just beneath the surface.
It was the same with me, yes I'm mainly excited but if caught it would be extremely embarrassing and I'd probably be dismissed...so a lot at stake.
Which is what attracted me, risk is quite the aphrodisiac.
So, one tuesday morning when everything was in place, we proceeded with my plan.
I'd informed Rita of my intentions, her initial reaction was shock, she didn't want me to do it because she said I was the only one she really get on with at the store and didn't want me to get sacked. Also, knowing some of the folk we worked with, I'd never hear the last of it...the whole town would know.
This was probably an exaggeration but it did prick my conscience a little, what if I did get caught and the embarrassing story got back to my son's...
However, the 'what ifs' go with the lifestyle, I'd taken lots of chances before so what did another matter?
I pushed such worries to the back of my mind and as my break approached gave Rita a knowing look before walking over to the big windows near the tills.
My last view of her is Rita gazing worryingly at me while slowly shaking her head...a last minute...no don't do it.
However despite Rita's worries about us getting caught, in previous conversations she had also expressed great excitement, telling me she wished she had the guts to do it.
Rita always manages to make me feel proud of myself.
Strolling over to the window and gazing out across the car park, Chris is parked nearby facing the store, nodding to him is the signal and I see my boy opening his door before I slowly turn away and walk over to the other side of the store.
You know when your going to do something you shouldn't be doing and it feels like everyone knows? And they're all staring at you?
Oh dear...I suddenly felt ten feet tall.
Making my way to the security door, glancing back I see Chris is already in the store and heading for me, wearing his bib and holding the clipboard...good boy. Although at a glance he blends in, on closer inspection of his face he looks very nervous...not so good, but the 'uniform' seems to act like an invisible cloak, the hi vis doing the opposite of its job...nobody paying any attention.
He's still a way off so I punch the code in and enter the staff area ahead of him.
Going down the long corridor I get a shock at the sight of our security guard exiting the men's toilet and making his way towards me...if he bumps into Chris...
Trying to look calm as we approach, reassuring myself, perhaps Chris's disguise will work? There's no reason it shouldn't.
But deep down I feel sick to the stomach with anxiety, I knew there was a lot that could go wrong...but this...this is cruel timing.
As we approach he smiles at me, "Morning love."
Repeating his 'morning' I watch with great relief as he turns to his right and enters a stairwell....heading up to the office...perfect.
And just in time too, a second later I hear the security door opening behind me, glancing back as I near the ladies, it's Chris...that was too close.
Looking back around after giving him a cheeky grin I quickly go inside the ladies and check it's empty, this is my main worry and the most obvious thing that could go wrong.
If it's occupied...
But our luck holds and and I open the inner door to an empty room.
As I'm going back out Chris is cautiously drawing level with the ladies doorway, "Quick...inside."
My words hastily whispered.
Practically dragging him inside we quickly get into a cubicle and bolt the door behind us. As expected the place is spotless and smells like it's only just been cleaned. The space we're in is small and cramped and the cubicle has a flimsy, open feel to it with a big gap at the bottom of the dividing 'wall' itself only a thin piece of wood.
We quickly embrace, time is not our friend nor do we wish to become acquainted.
I've been dreaming of this moment for weeks and almost dripping for it all morning...I need him badly.
Breaking off and dropping the toilet seat down so I can sit facing Chris, then, in what would perhaps be a comical moment to witness...I attack his lower clothing with fervent determination...desperately trying to get to the goods inside.
Suddenly and acutely aware of just how much noise a belt buckle and fly zip can make in an empty ladies room!
Getting the trousers undone, my mouth beginning to water as I roughly drag the underpants down...
He's semi hard, a downturned pink banana springs forth....watching closely while wanking him, it begins to straighten up and point at me...I feel him in my hand going rigid...a gasp from above accompanied by gentle thrusting.
Glancing up I see him gazing back down...allowing Chris a glimpse of just how much I've been aching for this...it's all in the eye's...then with a gesture of finger placed across lips...sshhh...
I take his swollen, hot bell end into my mouth....rolling my tongue lazily around it...teasing.
For I know that what I'm doing is just a prelude, literally a taster to get us both ready for the main course.
Savouring the taste and feel of him, not wanting to let go but knowing our time is short...
Giving a vigorous shake of my head and an extra hard suck before withdrawing causes a familiar tremor in his legs and another gasp from above.
Looking up I see his red face and expectant gaze...the time has come.
Going to stand up it's now that I notice I've been absently rubbing my crotch through the work trousers... hand firmly buried between my legs...a dampness evident in my panties.
Getting to my feet we kiss once more, deep and passionate, before I reaffirm the need for quiet with another finger to lip gesture, Chris nodding his understanding and shuffling back a little to give me room.
Turning around to face away from him I undo my own trousers and let them drop to the floor, leaving the panties for Chris to take care of, then quickly get up on my knees atop the toilet and grab hold of the cistern. It's a little uncomfortable, my knees on a hard surface and my face pushed right up against the wall...but I don't care.
My heart is pounding so fast, every nerve ending alive...I'm ready.
I hear him before I feel him, moving into position behind me. Panties are pulled roughly down, hand on my lower back steadying...trying hard to stifle a scream of delight as he plunges it deep within my soft yielding heat...he rests balls deep for a moment...perhaps savouring the sensation...perhaps listening carefully one ear cocked towards the outer door.
But my patience is threadbare, my need too great for time to savour or for caution.
Wiggling my hips from side to side gives him the message and this time I'm unable to quieten a purr of pure satisfaction as Chris slowly begins to fuck me, unfortunately with my face pressed up against the wall the sound seems to vibrate at an uncomfortable volume, but Chris doesn't notice he's too busy building up a steady rhythm.
Oh shit...he's so deep...I can hear how wet I am back there with each sure stroke.
There's no going back now, we are doing it! We are actually fucking in the staff ladies room!...I've gotten so wet day dreaming about this moment for too long...and now...
It's at this point as the utmost excitement floods my mind that we both suddenly freeze...at the sound of the outer door squeaking open.
Remaining perfectly still and desperately trying to control my breathing, all I can do is stay where I am and listen.
Footfalls coming slowly closer, seeming to hesitate near our cubicle...then moving to the empty one next door...so close. I see a shadow of movement in the large gap at the bottom of the dividing wall, their cubicle door closes and a bolt is slid into place with a 'clack' noise.
Kneeling there with Chris still buried to the hilt, my heart pounding in my ears, chest burning with the need to just gulp air, but that would give us away....no...we just have to wait.
My mind is in turmoil, nervous excitement overload...they must be able to hear us...they must know...
But then, a hushed voice from next door, a familiar voice..."Pip"
Rita, oh my god it's Rita! Relief instantly washes over me, but why has she come here now, knowing what we're doing? The tide of incoming relief brings with it both the answer to this question, and a new level of excitement.
Curiosity.
And with curiosity, the desire to 'witness' for herself what her friend is enjoying. The realisation hits me that this is probably the closest we'll ever get to a threesome....my friend wants to listen to us through the flimsy cubicle wall.
Replying, I don't bother to hide my breathless state, I want her to hear the level of arousal within me, "Yeah..it's me..and Chris."
There's a brief pause before I hear Rita's voice again, this time it's spoken in a whisper right up against the wall, "I know."
Although only a whisper, I hear contained within the short reply a fervent tone. Rita sending me a message, she might as well have added 'carry on I want to hear you'. It couldn't be clearer.
There's no further verbal communication between us, I know why she has come and she knows that I know...and that's all we need.
Glancing around at Chris I give him a nod to proceed, he doesn't appear to be worried about my friend being inches away listening to us, in fact the knowledge seems to spur him on with an increased rhythm and more powerful thrusts.
I'm having to really hold on tight to the cistern as my body shakes, he's holding onto me hard and I know he's not going to last much longer.
This knowledge, that I'm about to receive a heavy load, always drives me wild but this time the feeling is magnified by the presence of Rita listening to everything that's happening to me, suddenly it's very important that she knows what's coming.
The outer door and thought of anyone else coming through it are pushed out of my mind, right now all that matters is myself, Chris and Rita.
Gasping, I whisper to my lover...urging him on...the words for Rita's benefit too.
"That's it baby... come on do it"
In the wake of my goading, I fancy I hear Rita just inches away repeating...'go on...go on do it...give her it.'
In conversations afterwards, my friend cannot remember if she said anything at all but she does recall thinking something along those lines, and also admits to being so aroused while listening to us that she absently touched herself, reminding me of my own personal experience a long time ago back at my old home in church view when I used to eavesdrop on Mary and her young lover.
But now, for Chris, faced with the situation at hand, namely the soft warm grip I offer his hardness, and the thought of my best friend listening to us next door...he cannot take anymore.
He loses it just seconds after my goading, pushing forward so hard I'm squashed up against the cubicle wall and held there in a grip so tight it hurts.
At first I think it's too soon for me to join him in climax bliss, but my level of arousal takes me by surprise.
It's a little one but most satisfactory, pinging through my senses so delicately like a light stone skipping across a broad still lake...light and so exquisite.
What tips me is in two parts, first is the inevitable torrent of hot young cum pumping deep inside, the second? Oh, I just have to let Rita know what's happening to me, just before I succum my words whispered once again more for her benefit than my young lover, "Oh god yes!...that's it...that's it baby...I can feel you."
It feels so risqué to utter this for my friend.
After I recover the first thing I'm aware of is the dripping noise soft and subtle, Chris is in the process of withdrawing and I'm leaking onto the toilet seat. Fortunately most of it misses my panties.
I'm still catching my breath when we all get a shock...
The outer door once again squeaks open and footsteps are heard entering, we freeze in forced silence, all ears on our mystery intruder.
They walk a little way in and stop for a brief moment, make a 'tutting' noise before abruptly leaving.
In the midst of afterglow I'm a little confused as to their actions but then it quickly comes to me, there are only three cubicles, one of which is out of order so that leaves this one and Rita's, both occupied.
Rita did us a favour in more ways than one, making sure nobody else could be in there with us but her.
After cleaning up we acknowledge to Rita that we're ready to come out, this is where she comes in handy once again by checking the coast is clear.
On leaving the cubicle with Chris I see my red faced friend holding the outer door open and beckoning us frantically to hurry.
While passing Rita through the door Chris says a quiet 'hi' to our surprise accomplice, she doesn't reply but does nod and manages a shy smile.
However when she sees me Rita reacts with concern at my appearance, urging me to wait a moment before going back out onto the shop floor.
Apparently my face and neck are bright red and I look like I've run a marathon.
I take her advice and we hold back for a moment, chatting in the corridor after I say a quick but meaningful goodbye to Chris.
My friend has nothing but admiration for what I've done and the risk we have taken, freely admitting in hushed tone that it was 'very nice' to listen to.
After a moment to calm down we both make our way back through the security door and thus back to work.
However our little chat about what happened is far from over, we can't leave the subject alone, both at work and later that weekend on our regular saturday night together.
The naughty but nice session in the staff ladies room does prove to be a very memorable experience for not just myself and Chris but also myself and Rita.
Little do we know at that stage in our friendship, just how many more of these 'memorable' experiences we will end up sharing...and how far they will go.
**
Ok, so in this next part of the chapter I will briefly detail several incidents that happened involving Chris's mum Barbara, how they affected my special friendship with Chris and ultimately lead to its demise.
The first such incident happened shortly after my staff toilet episode and seemed to act like a catalyst for the others that followed, after this took place things began to change...for the worse.
It was a midweek 'date' at Chris's place, about nine at night. We were in the bedroom on his bed naked and had just been having a chat after a particularly intense doggy session, making full use of the wardrobe mirror door to observe ourselves in action.
I'd been absently playing with my young boyfriends cock while we talked and could feel and see he was ready for me once more.
This time I opted to get on top of him cowgirl, this, like doggy is one of our favourite 'mirror' positions.
Watching initially in the mirror as I straddled my horsey, then looking away from my reflection to make eye contact with Chris below. I love to watch his reaction closely as he enters me.
Anyway, I was fumbling around with his erection getting into position and ready to take a seat...when I heard...we heard...the creaky floorboard just outside the bedroom door.
This time I saw the expression on his face as I heard it, he too heard the same thing and acknowledged it, glancing suddenly away towards the bedroom door then back at me frowning. The sound loud and clear to us both, a loose floorboard creaking as someone shifted their weight on it.
Raising my eyebrows at Chris I point to the door with an 'I told you so' look and silently gesture for him to go check it out. Dismounting my ride and watching as Chris pulls his jeans on and gingerly opens the bedroom door.
Sitting on the bed and pulling the cover up to conceal my naked body, I watch with a good degree of tension as he slowly exits the room and disappears out of sight going cautiously down the hallway.
For a moment there is nothing, just the empty bedroom doorway and silence...then...
Chris's surprised reaction both vocally and a vibration through the floor as he reacts violently to a sudden encounter, from someone he knows well...his mum Barbara.
"Ooh!" Chris's initial reaction, soon followed by recognition, "Mum!...what are you doing here?"
A second later I hear Barbara making her excuses.
"Oh sorry love...I finished work early and...well...didn't want to disturb you."
Hearing the woman's voice sends a shiver through me. There has been many of these incidents where I've heard something while we were making love in his bedroom, usually subtle quiet noises as though someone creeping about the house but so far Chris has dismissed it.
After the time I was surprised by Barbara's presence in the living room and the subsequent creepy conversation with her, I've suspected Chris's mum of listening in on us whilst we have sex.
And now it appears my suspicions were correct.
While Barbara is making her excuses to an embarrassed Chris, I make a point of letting them both know how I feel about the situation, "I fucking knew it."
My words are spoken purposefully loud so that both can hear me, but are especially aimed at a woman that not only gives me the creeps but now also stirs my anger.
Hearing my outburst there is a brief pause in the interaction between mother and son then I hear Barbara, "Look...I'm sorry I didn't want to cause any trouble...if you want I can go back out..."
At hearing this Chris interrupts his mum, "No no it's alright...it's your home too...it might just be best in future to...you know... erm...let us know your here."
Barbara apologises once more and repeats that she just didn't want to disturb us.
I have to stop myself from saying out loud 'yeah right I bet you fucking didn't' keeping it in my head instead.
Presently he comes back to bed and we have a chat in hushed tones about what's happened.
Chris naturally defending his mum against my accusation of her deliberately eavesdropping.
I'm so angry that I call it a night, I'm just not in the mood anymore. Chris is a little upset but I reassure him that I'm not mad at him but the incident has disturbed me.
After this, things slowly begin to change between us. Chris begins to change.
The next thing I notice of importance is actually quite disturbing with hindsight.
In the aftermath of Barbara's obvious interest with our love life, I asked Chris to always lock the front door and to keep the key turned in the lock, an old but tried and tested trick that had served me well in the past.
At Chris's place there was no back door, so from the rear, apart from his own french windows in the bedroom there was no other way of gaining entry.
However, with Chris's subtle change in character there followed an equally subtle change in behaviour which initially went unnoticed on my part.
During our sessions of lovemaking I began to notice something odd.
Chris would always make an excuse to leave the bedroom for some reason, the loo, checking his car was locked...etc.
Shortly after this new behaviour started, on emerging from the bedroom after our playtime, I noticed that the front door key would be missing from its lock.
I did once question Chris about this but he quickly dismissed it, making out that I had neglected to ask him to secure the door lock that time.
My suspicions were raised and I began to suspect that Chris was perhaps leaving the front door unsecure on purpose so that his mum could gain entry.
But why? The innocent explanation was simply that she lived there too and had a right to enter her own home so Chris was just letting her get in.
But deep down I had developed a suspicion that Chris was involved with his mum's twisted behaviour, and knew full well that she would be sneaking in and listening to us making love.
This thought was particularly creepy and began to influence how I felt about Chris.
John was no help, he found the whole thing both amusing and kinky, until I pointed out how weird it would be if his mum was listening to us do it...that soon wiped the cheeky grin off his face.
The incidents with the disappearing key kept happening but I never heard the creaky floorboard noise again, in my mind of course Barbara, now knowing what had given her away, simply avoided it.
The idea that she could be just there in the hallway covertly listening to us put me off doing much at Chris's place so we tended to go out a lot, car, countryside etc.
But with the weather turning ever more autumnal... we were forced to spend more and more time in his bedroom.
Much to my discomfort.
It was a long while before something else happened, and I'd almost gotten used to being in Chris's bedroom again.
Now late november, it was a sunday night and we were just getting going. This time trying out a requested uniform, I was dressed as a nurse and had just been giving Chris's tackle some 'medicinal' TLC using my mouth and tongue.
Now on all fours with my blue tunic pulled up and over, panties slid down, Chris is naked and behind me also on his hands and knees, face thrust between my bum cheeks enjoying the taste of my anus.
I'm watching him tuck in through the wardrobe mirror door, when suddenly something catches my eye.
As well as our reflection I can see a second mirror above his desk and it's through this mirrors reflection that I notice a figure close up to the french window... watching us.
Instantly jumping out my skin I recoil in shock reflex, "Shit!"
The word distorted somewhat by a simultaneous gasp of fright.
Chris instantly reacts, drawing his head quickly away from my arse and looking around in confused surprise, "What?....what is it?"
Spinning around onto my back before sitting upright on the bed and trying to pull the cover up over me while pointing at the window, "There!....someone there at the window."
I'm covered in goose bumps and my heart is hammering away.
Chris is initially reluctant to investigate but I insist, he seems to take an age to get over by the window, peering through the glass with cupped hands to hide reflections from the lit bedroom....tense seconds pass.
Then he slowly looks around at me, "Are you sure?...I can't see anything."
Nodding I confirm, "Yeah...definitely...they were stood near the window watching us."
He strides over to the light switch and turns it off plunging us into darkness, but now on equal terms with the peeping Tom we can easily see out into the garden...nothing, nobody there.
But I'm sure I saw them, I'm positive.
Putting the light back on, Chris asks more questions and it's only when I begin to describe what I saw that the penny drops.
One obvious fact, the figure was small...like that of a short woman.
Acutely aware of Chris's attitude regarding my suspicions about his mum eavesdropping, added to my personal belief that he is helping her to do it... I decide to keep these thoughts about who I suspect it was to myself.
We do have a chat about it but as usual Chris plays it down, suggesting I perhaps saw some washing blowing around on the line.
Washing my arse...I know who it was...and I suspect he does too.
The back garden is fully enclosed by a high wall on two sides and tall hedge on Toby's side, only way in is the bungalows own side path which has a big gate at the front end, unlocked.
But a stranger wouldn't know that, and someone would have to have prior knowledge of what we were going to be doing that night.
This encounter brings a new dimension to my worries, again the troubling question...why would any mother want to listen to their son fucking his girlfriend?...let alone watch them?
And even more troubling, why would the son want his mum to listen or watch?
This knowledge does affect how I feel about Chris and from this point on our friendship changes. Gone are the days when I used to look upon him as this sweet innocent naive guy, there appears to be a much darker side to him.
Yes I have played my part in 'corrupting' him. But I believe this thing with his mum may have already been there and just needed the right kind of catalyst...namely myself.
So, as our friendship enters this difficult phase I wonder, rather worryingly, what will happen next.
And as it turns out I don't have long to find out, I'm about to quite literally make a discovery that will ultimately bring to an end my time with Chris.
**
It was a cold wintry night in mid December, I was back in Chris's bedroom...but only because he'd put curtains up at the big french windows.
This was only the second time since the 'peeping tom' incident.
We'd been doing it at our house for the past couple of weeks. But Chris never felt comfortable there, what with the possibility of John or one of my sons discovering us.
Everything was going fine, Chris seemed more like his old self. We'd just been on his bed having some good old missionary...my favourite. It had been a long session with my young lover now in full control of his old premature problem and able to easily go the distance, and then some.
I'm laying there in the afterglow while he leaves the room to retrieve another cold beer from the fridge.
Listening to his footfalls receding down the corridor...and then another noise...subtle... but there in the background.
I've heard this noise in the past, in this room. Not paid much attention before but this time for some reason it piques my curiosity.
Laying there listening, off in the kitchen I hear Chris opening the fridge door...there....there it is again...a sort of buzzing noise in this room close by, above the bed.
Sitting up and looking around, not seeing anything that takes my interest at first...but then...
High up on a book shelf something catches my eye, standing up to investigate, reaching up and moving a model of a star wars tauntaun, something partially hidden behind.
Grasping hold of the item, my heart beating faster with the realisation of what it is...a mobile phone.
It's been placed carefully on the shelf with the back facing outwards and angled down, turning it around my mouth slowly drops open...I'm looking at my bare legs and feet on the screen and a slowly pulsing red 'record' light...it appears that Chris has been secretly videoing us.
I'm actually more surprised and curious than angry, initially.
He has taken revealing still pictures of me before and also one short video of us fucking, he knows im ok with it so why do it covertly?
Stopping the recording, I examine the phone in more detail.... It has a black front and pink case, clicking onto the menu I see what made the buzzing noise, two text messages, it must have been put on silent vibrate.
But it's when I see who the messages are meant for and thus the owner of this particular phone...that I really become concerned.
As the realisation hits me, Chris appears in the bedroom doorway, his relaxed and happy look being instantly wiped off his face.
"What are you doing with that?....how did y..."
Interrupting him while holding up the phone between us, "Who's phone is this?"
My serious look and tone, tell him I mean business.
On confronting my dominant side Chris predictably goes scurrying for the comfort of submission, initially feeding me a lie.
Staring at the phone he says, "It...it used to be mum's but she gave it to me."
He's swallowing frequently and looking nervously from the phone to me and back again.
I know Chris is lying because one of the text messages appears to be from a friend of Barbara, asking if her son is still going out with that 'older lady'.
"Don't lie to me...who's phone is it?...Chris?"
My words are louder this time and contain genuine anger, I can feel myself beginning to tremble with the adrenaline surge.
Chris seems to flinch, swallows again then in a quiet meek voice, "It's mum's."
He goes to sit down on the bed, perhaps expecting me to join him but I don't, I'm still in shock as this warped situation unfolds before me.
All this time I've suspected first Barbara of eavesdropping and then Chris of secretly helping her and now I have proof.
Chris begins to apologise and this quickly descends into a sort of breakdown, he becomes almost hysterical.
To the point where, despite my anger I soften a little and sit down next to him.
Interrupting my distraught young boyfriends ramblings I firstly calm him down with quiet words of reassurance, then ask, "You gunna tell me what's going on here?"
Chris is swallowing almost continuously, red faced and looking so anxious, when he speaks his words are quiet and have a slight tremble, "She...she just wanted to watch...that's all...just wanted to see us."
Swallowing myself now, this is unreal.
"So all this time...when I've suspected her of spying on us...it was all true wasn't it?...and the figure in the garden?...that was her?"
Chris is nodding.
"I knew it...I mean right now...I don't fucking believe what I'm hearing but I still knew it."
Chris begins apologising again, then says something strange, "We knew you wouldn't want to do it...so the phone was the next best thing."
Knew I wouldn't want to do it?
Just when I think it can't get any worse, "What do you mean?...Chris?...look at me...what do you mean?...wouldn't want to do it?"
Chris stares down at the floor for what seems like a long time, appearing to gather his thoughts, or perhaps courage to say what comes next.
Then, beginning to look up at me, he drops a bombshell, "Mum...she wants to watch...you know...while we do it..."
Interrupting once more, my mind beginning to spin with the knowledge of what he's trying to say, "Wait...you mean... be there in the room with us while we..."
This time Chris interrupts me with a growing excited response, quickly leaving his anxious state behind, "Yeah...yeah exactly..."
Now I see a flash of something in his eyes that I really don't care for, it doesn't look like the Chris I know at all, "...it's kind of kinky really...when you think about it..."
Chris continues, explaining in an overly enthusiastic way what would happen, what they would both like to happen.
And throughout his eager description, he seems unable or unwilling to read the shocked expression I'm wearing, as the true sordid details are laid bare. Perhaps it is the sheer excitement at what he's proposing that blinds him to the extreme nature of what he's saying.
I see within him a rapid and dramatic change of character reminding me very much of when I act out his pee fantasies...Mr Hyde...we meet again.
What I'm hearing and seeing leaves little doubt that there is much more to Chris than I ever realised, still waters do indeed run very deep.
I sit there and listen wide eyed to a very excited and animated young man revealing his latest ultimate fantasy, a fantasy shared with none other than his own mother.
Chris tells me it all started after that first incident when Barbara had been discovered in the hallway apparently home from work early.
After I'd gone home she'd had a little chat with Chris in which her true intentions of eavesdropping were revealed.
This is the part where any normal son would have been horrified and probably walked out in disgust, but how Chris explains his reaction to me reveals a very unique bond between mother and son.
They both openly talk about the matter, each becoming more aroused as the conversation continues. Their interaction reminding me of conversations I've had about sex with my friend Rita.
During this initial conversation Chris agrees to help his mum listen and watch while I am with him. But in later intimate 'chats' with her, things go much further and this is when their shared fantasy takes shape.
It all comes out, everything, Chris seemingly oblivious to my increasingly agitated and shocked state.
But I don't stop him, I have to hear everything.
Chris doesn't hold back, he's so excited that watching his animated behaviour is actually quite scary.
Their ultimate goal is for Barbara to be present in the bedroom while we do it. But it gets much worse, even though Chris knows that I have no bi tendencies he enthusiastically suggests that after we have finished he watches me...with his mum.
Apparently she is bi curious and fancies me as her first 'taster'. Chris even proudly points out that no actual incest would take place as it would be mum watching son then son watching mum, he delivers this information in a way that is obviously meant to appease me.
However, it's not the incestuous aspect that repels me, rather the fact I've been lied to and my intense dislike of Barbara.
At some point, my mind, already reeling from the volume of bizzare information it's taking in, reaches overload...and something snaps.
Suddenly standing up off the bed and going to get dressed, quickly.
Chris is so obsessed with describing this fantasy to me that he initially fails to realise what I'm doing.
Only catching up when I'm almost fully clothed, he suddenly goes silent, causing me to look around while buttoning my blouse up.
The fervent look has gone from his face, replaced by a sort of bewildered stare, as though coming to from a trance...Chris...back in the room.
Now, on realising I'm leaving, he returns to hysterical mode.
Between the begging for me to stay and profuse apologising I manage to get a few words in, telling him that I can't deal with this right now and need to leave.
Also I take the phone with me, informing Chris in no uncertain terms that he'll have it back when I've deleted anything to do with me.
My last view of him, in that place anyway, is a naked Chris stood in the hallway, promising me he can change.
Pausing at the open front door, "I'm sorry I can't do this...I have to go." Then turning and closing the door behind me, walking down the garden path for the last time.
**
Arriving back at our house, John instantly knows there's something wrong. After we embrace I begin relating to my hubby what has transpired that night.
He is as shocked as me, who'd have thought it...meek and mild Chris certainly has a peculiar relationship with his mother, quickly earning him the nickname Norman from John. The weird behaviour I describe reminding him of Norman bates from psycho.
Then we check the phone...
It is immediately apparent on reviewing the footage that our intimate time together has been under surveillance for a while, there's video going back quite a way. There are lots of short clips filmed in the hallway, a shiver runs down my spine as we watch Barbara's view of slowly, carefully, walking down the hallway towards Chris's bedroom.
Pausing outside, so close, on the video we can hear my moans of pleasure and the squeak, squeak, of bedspring.
There's footage from the garden too, several short videos shot on different dates. We see the path that goes down the side of the bungalow, one of the gates being opened by a disembodied hand, Barbara's hand, then very slowly creeping towards the french windows. I've been filmed lots of times before but seeing myself being secretly filmed from the garden like this makes me feel self conscious and embarrassed, as well as downright freaked out.
John seems to be enjoying the footage, watching young Chris ravage his wife. But for me? I just feel sick knowing who is doing the filming.
After viewing most of the videos I delete them.
I am acutely aware of the hypocritical aspect here, me, getting angry and upset for being secretly filmed having sex. We have videod without their knowledge, men being intimate with me in our bedroom. We've done it several times and even captured Chris on camera a few times.
So now I'm getting a taste of my own medicine and perhaps I deserve it, fair enough.
However, the fact that the person secretly filming me is the guys own mother, kind of makes my case for being upset a little more valid.
In the coming days after I stormed out of Chris's home, I was inundated by emails, text messages and phone calls from him. All begging forgiveness and apologies.
Initially ignored, my conscience developed an appetite.
Deep down I care for Chris. And as such, I felt I owed him a face to face meeting, at least to hand Barbara's phone back.
Not sure of what venue to choose, wanting somewhere on neutral ground and a public place, it's Chris that actually suggests the café where our first 'date' took place.
On arrival the place is nicely quiet, in stark contrast with our first meeting...what seems like so long ago.
I won't go into detail as to what was said between us.
Suffice to say and that briefly, he was apologetic but also resigned to the fact I was no longer 'that' part of his life.
I gave him the phone back and we agreed to stay friends, nothing more.
And there, in that small café, where it all began...it ended.
End of chapter 14.
Epilogue.
We kept in touch, emails mainly, the odd phone call.
Our special bond survived the end of the physical relationship and we flourished as friends, albeit distant ones.
I encouraged Chris to join a dating agency, one of those online things.
By early spring the following year he was dating, not much, just the odd date here and there but it was something.
Knowing his past I felt so guilty for leaving him but I just couldn't do it, every time I looked at him I saw her...they came as a pair.
It's strange how people drift in and out of your life. They seem so important at one time and then they are gone.
I suppose all good things come to an end. We had a good run, did lots of exciting things together.
Our communication became less and less as both Chris and myself had other things to occupy our time.
Suddenly I realised it had been months since I'd heard from him, then a year.
Looking back, perhaps I overreacted, a knee jerk response from me due to the shock of being secretly filmed by Chris's creepy mum Barbara.
Incest is a very popular fetish which I fully understand, my first crush was for my own uncle, so I'm no stranger to the subject. Although Chris claimed there would be no physical incest between him and his mother, it's my personal belief that what they proposed was a kind of watered down version.
And when you think about it, if I had have agreed to be intimate with Barbara, straight after her son had finished with me...
This learning experience gave both myself and John a new respect for people and we never filmed anybody else covertly, always asking permission from them first.
As for Chris? A happy ending?
Well in this case yes.
He went on several dates with girls his own age, none of them amounting to anything. Then we kind of lost contact for a while, personal commitments etc.
The next time I saw him he was holding hands with a much older woman, perhaps in her fifties. She was there with him and Barbara.
She looking lovingly at her son and his new girlfriend.
It made me wonder.
What was going on behind closed doors in that bungalow?
There's a song by Charlie rich that always reminds me of Chris...and his mum.
No one knows.
What goes on...