Chapter 02 : She fell down in my bed, and I lost my mind
[Author's Note : If you're new to this story, I'd recommend you to read Chapter 01 before proceeding here. It will introduce you to the main characters and show you into the given circumstances, making it easier for you then to follow the latter evolutions, and incidents.
This story is based on an order of events where one led to another like inevitably, culminating in mutual, and thrilling wrought-up feelings. This love affair took place in Berlin, Germany through my years of study (1978-1981); all parties concerned were over 18 that time.
This story has been primordially written in German for a (commercial) anthology, successfully published in 2002.
I hope you'll appreciate my decision to translate my story into English, and open it to the public at LitE.
Thank you all for reading, and enjoy!]
femadorer
*
"Do you want to call your parents darling, just to appease them?" I asked when I lowered her feet to the carpet, before pulling her coat from my shoulder to toss it onto the couch, "The phone is right here on the table."
"No darling, thank you, that's sweet but not necessary... my father is out of town for a conference in Frankfurt, and my mom will already sleep I guess." She gave one of her cute little coy smiles that always and unfailingly forced me to suppress a concupiscent whimper, "...but you could show me to the toilet my love, I'm, ahem..." a hint of blush, gawd soo cute...
"Again?" I interrupted her with a lewd grin.
"Well... in fact it, ahem, never really stopped..." her blush deepened, my dick rose to attention, the saucy smile in the corners of her eyes wasn't of any help. She brushed a few cheeky strands of hair back over her shoulder before her eyes lowered, slowly to scrutinize the recent state of my pants, and the content, her sweet mouth opened to form a perfect 'O'. She swallowed, hard, "Ahem, darling, you... err...don't you hurt?" Her eyes met mine again, now half closed under heavy lids, she whispered huskily, "can I, ahem, help...?"
I rolled my eyes, "Heavens... with all good spirits...darling," I cawed whilst reducing the distressing distance between us to one millimeter, probably a bit less, she flung her arms round my neck, as usual, meanwhile it seemed to be kind of an automated reaction once I was near enough to her. She pulled my head down and kissed me as if there was no tomorrow, whilst her entire body altered to that of a snake, thrusting her chest into mine, rubbing her wriggling pelvis all over mine, both of us groaning and grunting with the sensations when her thrusted out crotch settled on my left thigh, pushing and grinding her vulva against my throbbing pole as if to masturbate both of us mutually, till we had to break the kiss to fight for air, clinging tightly to each other, both heavily panting and shaking.
I was the first to regain the capability to speech, "Good lord, will we ever make it to the bedroom darling... what do you mean? Or will you furthermore insist to make me cum right here - if so...you're terribly close, my sweet seduce."
Her eyes, deep dark and dilated with desire, gazed up to mine, "Oouugh...gawd yes... yessss my sweet love, I know you need to..." her voice huskily, low with lust, "...please let me..."
"Noooo - pleazzze darling..." I pleaded tormented, bravely withstanding the urge to additionally fall to my knees, "...not here darling, and not in my pants..."
"Oouugh...okay my love... then let me pee first, I want no interruption you know later, and afterwards you should bed me at last, please hurry my sweet heart... gawd, you're making me soooo HOT, hot for you my darling...don't let me wait any longer my love. Ohgaawwwdd I love you, I love you, I love you so much that it's close to aching. I love you Bernd, and I want you, and I want you... NOW!"
"I know, my princess." I kissed my lovely maiden sweetly while I reached for her hand, "come with me, my darling, I'll lead you to the bathroom."
She attempted to keep up with me, but tripped. I caught her, held her close, she murmured, "Good lord darling, my knees are too weak..."
"That's okay my love, you're a new born wolf cub... a cute little bitch wolf cub, ready for your first steps into a new world, a promising world. Now hang on to me my sweet darling, I'll bring you... I'm your Alpha, and I'll never let you fall."
She growled at me, or let's say she tried to, for me it sounded more like a cute little purr. She giggled happily as I lifted her into my arms again and growled back at her, a low growl from deep in my chest, "You have so much to learn cub..."
"Gawd..." she croaked, "...you'd better stop this my Alpha, you're vibrating all through me..."
Using my left elbow I opened the door to the bathroom to let us in, sat her feet to the ground by the toilet, put the lid up and helped her to squat whilst she reached back to save the hem of her skirt. "Are your knees better, my sweetness?" She smiled up to me, nodding, and I added, "I'll pick up some water from the kitchen meanwhile, okay? Call for me when you're ready. Or...do you want me to stay?"
She blushed an impressing strawberry red, but held eye contact - my courageous girl. All of a sudden her eyes widened, she understood the beyond reasonable meaning of my question, her eyes pleaded for me to bend down. I fell to my knees between her splayed thighs and held her hands, a soft pressure rewarded my understanding, I smiled reassuringly. She smiled back sweetly, her eyes full of trust and love, she kissed me and whispered into my lips, "You are wonderful Bernd, and yes...I understand. Please give me some more time my love, and I'll be ready for the next step, will you my darling?"
I kissed my sweetie, and rubbed my nose on hers, "Of course my love. You're a brave girl Diana, and I appreciate your understanding, my sweet heart. I thank you for your honesty, and for your trust in me my lovely." I cupped her still glowing cheeks and kissed her deeply, "And I thank you for granting me the honor to beTHE ONE, it means more to me than you are aware now, my sweet love. Thank you Diana, my sweet, lovely Diana." Her eyes welled with tears, and I ran, closed the door behind me, still hearing her quiet sobs. Gawd, how cute can a girl be...I swallowed hard.
Arriving in the kitchen I grabbed a bottle of water and a glass, added another bottle, just in case, and ran to the bedroom to place the beverages on my small bedside table, grabbed the matches from my drawer, dimmed the headlights and lighted the seven scented candles, what turned into a closely ceremonial act without deliberate intention... I collected latent power to build an altar of love for my charming princess: Rose, lavender, hibiscus and jasmine on the headboard; vanilla, lily of the valley and lilac on the dresser drawers; natural flavors, not overwhelming but sweet and effective on fine way. The candle flames, dancing in the scented air that filled the room, were in numerous sparkles reflected by my antique mirrors.
******
The bathroom door clicked into place, and I saw to meet my beloved princess as she entered my... no, our bedroom, she remained spellbound in the step, her big wide eyes grew soft with wonder when she breathlessly whispered, "Dear lord... you must have arisen from a fairy tale, Bernd... always the perfect, romantic cavalier."
I swallowed, hard. My eyes watered. Time stood still.
"You like, my sweet, enchanting princess?" I managed to ask softly, but my voice was scratchy.
"Bernd...oh God Bernd..." She broke into tears but didn't mind a bit, instead stretched her arms out to me and I raced over to hold her close, she flung her arms round my neck and pulled me any closer, "Bernd...this is... oh God Bernd... thank you my darling, thank you my sweet love..." she pulled my head down for a lonnnngg sweet kiss, before she looked around once more, "Bernd, my sweet heart... this is beautiful, it's wonderful, this is like a dream has come true... you are making this night a magic night, for me...all for me..." she sniffled, gawd soo cute, I cupped her damp cheeks and kissed the point of her nose, my reward was the next cute sniffle, and her sweetest of smiles, "My White Knight, my favorite knight...you must stop this... you've made me the happiest girl around already my sweet love...and that was hours ago, and still you won't stop to make me even happier... gawd, Bernd, this is the sweetest of things ever, and I thank you, thank you my love, I thank you sooo much."
My thumbs brushed her cheeks to wipe her tears away, and my lips caressed her lids, "I cannot stop my sweet love..." I backed away and smiled into her questioning eyes, "I can, and will not rest before I've made you the happiest girl ever...less is not acceptable." She bursted out laughing, helplessly shaking her head.
She needed a minute to calm, "Well darling, I guess I have to accept that, right?"
"Right...that's my girl!" She curled, again shaking her head.
'I should stop this,' I thought by myself, 'before she'll suffer from a concussion.' I reached down to embrace her still slightly shaking body, before my fingers combed her silky hair, slowly and softly, she purred against my chest and our eyes met again, hers dreamily as she backed away a bit and asked softly, "Bernd, I've confessed to you earlier that my first time was a terrible disappointment..." I nodded, and became aware that I'd clenched my fists, my jaws clamped and my eyes were hard, "Ssshh darling..." her forefinger on my lips silently pleaded me to calm, "...please my darling, don't get angry, not now. See, it was rather my fault than his, back then both of us were virgins, and I put the saddle on the wrong horse if I may say so, because I...well, guessed that not really loving the guy wouldn't matter, inexperienced as I was back then. I know better now, of course. I know now that it should have been you to take my cherry, the loving man by my side, the man after whom I devour - alone you weren't around, not even in sight." Her suddenly resolute eyes showed wishfulness, too, "All I want now is to beg you to help me my darling, see...I'd like to put the clock back, in this magic night I might be able to recover my mistake at that time; I dream of being eighteen again, and experience my first time with you Bernd, the loving man I love more than anybody and anything else in the world. I want to forget my darling, oh I wanted it since long; I want this unique, significant experience to be like it's meant to be...considerately, tenderly, wonderful and perfect - almost... sacredly."
The indescribable longing in her eyes left me speechless and out of breath, unable to say a word I held my hands out for her, she grew her oh so cute coy smile and closed in to me again till our hands met. I lifted hers up to my lips to kiss the fingertips, one by one, then her palms, devoutly. She gasped, "Ooh Berrrnnndd..." she swallowed hard and continued, "...it was the enchanting atmosphere you created that encouraged me to ask you..." her eyes kissed mine, "...oh my God, Bernd, you're crying... oh my darling I'm... I didn't mean to..." I shook my head 'no' and embraced her small, trembling body, held her close, she urged against me, "...you mustn't say a word my darling, I can feel you can't now, and your eyes showed me, gawd your eyes are wonderful my love... thank you my love, thank you for your understanding, thank you for striving to make my dream come true, my sweet love."
I fought like desperate to swallow the lump in my throat whilst planting feathery kisses all over her forehead, her lids, her damp cheek, I whispered near her ear, "Heavens Diana, you mustn't thank me... well probably a bit..." I could feel her smile on my cheek, "...thank you for the biggest compliment ever my love, and I feel highly honored my lovely princess; yes my darling... I understand how much this means to you, and it'll be the greatest of pleasure for me to fulfill your wish, of course."
I kissed the sweet spot beneath her ear, before I told my sweet girl all about my love with a long, tender, devoutly kiss; she understood, her heavily trembling body showed me even before she sighed into my lips, "Ooh yes my darling, so sweet, just how I wanted it... thank you my love..." she started to sob quietly when I lifted her sweet weight and made our way to the bed, knowing that this were tears of relief and overwhelming happiness, nonetheless I kissed her tears away, her eyes, her cheeks, and the lonely rider that had made its way down to her chin. She smiled oh so sweetly, and sighed, her wonderful eyes, dreamily now, caressed mine, I let her down to her feet, slowly and carefully, my hands cupped her damp cheeks, her pretty face came up as if to beg me to kiss her sweet lips once more, and I did, of course, ever so softly... our first 'lovers kiss'. She caressed the back of my skull, my hairline, my nape, before she unlocked her lips and sighed contented, "Good Lord, my love... so sweet, so much love. Thank you my love... my man, my wonderful man... make me yours now my love, yours forever my love." Her soft whispering tightened my throat, all I could do was to nod 'YES!'
I began to unbutton her blouse, her eyes on my hands, her pretty face concentrated, and still sweetly smiling. One..two..three buttons, I opened the gap, slowly and did what I had waited for since hours... I buried my nose in the sensual valley of excitement, deeply inhaling her aura...the concentrated, delighting fragrance of her unbelievable soft, flawless skin. My love's hands raced down to her chest, cupping her breasts' outside slope thus pressing the soft, warm, fleshy hills against my cheeks, and it felt like heaven, she whispered, "yes, my darling, that's what you wanted all night...you like, my love?"
'What a question!' I thought, smiling to myself whilst licking the full length of the enticing valley and planting about a thousand feathery kisses all over her delectable décolleté... 'Is the pope catholic? Next question, please!'
I shook my head 'no'. Diana snickered under her breath, tenderly rubbing her cheek against the back of my head, softly moaning, I switched my hands to automatic mode and they undid the remaining buttons all on their own before shortly resting on the sensual swell of her hips, before I raised them to the gap of her blouse. It was hard a task! ... but I forced my head to leave the sweetly smelling valley of my dreams and come back to the surface where my eyes met a pair of big wide sparkling eyes, dark with desire, embedded in two glowing cheeks - neither blush nor shame, of course - just heated with my sweet girl's craving for love and affection. I nibbled her luscious lower lip, and whispered, "thank you my sweet love... I knew you'd understand. Gawd you smell, and taste heavenly, I could eat you..." a soft bite, she squeaked lowly, and I promised, "...and I'll do, later... that's for sure!" She giggled short-winded, most likely reveling in anticipation.
Her now smiling eyes followed mine to the open gap, I pulled the silky material to the sides to take it off her - and froze, only heard myself whispering, "Good Lord, what a view... what a divine view!" I glanced in pure adoration, she wore... no, she filled a utilitarian white bra, the low cut cups supported two perfectly shaped hemispheres, about a third of the upper swell on display, the rest hidden from the view - so far, but I was eager to change that. Soon! The erect nipples tented the soft material I was stroking so slowly, cupping and weighing the sweet freight. Even through the hiding softness I meant to hear the cute nobs' seductive pleading, 'free us, tease us, suck us - don't hesitate!' I winked down to the cuties, not sure if they'd understand my silent promise, so I whispered, "I'll be back soon, I'll take good care of you..." No answer. Not that I'd expected one.
With outermost will power I managed to un-glue my eyes from the enchanting view, planning to force my slightly shaking hands to unhook that damn bra. Diana's beaming eyes welcomed mine and I saw that her arms already were busy on her back, she gave me a quick peck on my lips and whispered, "Would you return to hold them again, so lovingly, please... while I'm gonna unhook my skirt for you too, my sweet love?" I nodded silently and got round her, pressed my demandingly throbbing erection against her already quivering half globes whilst my hands cupped her delicious breasts, again. Her hips already danced on their own will, my cutie moaned louder and louder with the seconds as I softly massaged her swelling breasts. I bent down and kissed the sweet, awfully receptive sweet spot beneath her cute left ear, she gave a deep, gasping sigh that made me smile, I continued with kissing and licking my way down the side of her neck, through the hollow, my lips caught the left bra-strap and pulled it over to her shoulder where it dropped off on its own, same procedure on the right side, only the other way round till I finished my hard work beneath her right ear.
My princess had waited patiently, though all the time softly moaning; only her hips and pelvis danced and squirmed continuously thus rubbing her cute little butt against my erection, now she sighed, "Bernd? You are wonderful, you're doing good, gawd...sooo good, now get off your pants and let the bra go, I want to feel you on me. Please, my love..."
No question...I was butt naked in no time, took her blouse, kept her bra from dropping to the ground, and tossed garment and lingerie on top of the growing pile on the nearest chair. I was just about to snuggle up to my sweet maiden again, but froze, thinking about her skirt plus my dripping cock - no good mix... Diana certainly wouldn't want to wear a spotted, reeking skirt, so I'd better be careful. I grinned, and knelt behind my sweeties cute 'behind', which would meet my upstanding pole early enough, means in a few seconds. Furthermore foolishly grinning I kissed her spine just below her ribcage, she jumped and screamed, "Oouugghh gaawwdd daaarrlinng..." before stifling the noise with her hand; I reached round her and cupped her breasts from below, what elicited another stifled scream from my now heavily trembling beauty. I kissed my way down her spine, slowly, with my eager tongue circling every vertebra, gawd she tasted deliciously, even her sweat tasted highly erotic, her constant moaning grew louder, my fingertips brushed her nipples - she wheezed sharply - before grazing their way down the outer slopes to the sides of her ribcage, "oh my gawd..." she sighed softly, seemingly out of breath. My fingers grazed slowly over the awfully soft skin, down her flanks to her bucking hips, most likely caused by some ticklish spots on the way, my tongue reached the small of her back to draw circles over the sensitive region, my lovely girl whimpered helplessly whilst her hips bucked and rotated wildly, reminding me of a seductive lap dance, whilst my excited victim's scratchy voice couldn't stop calling out, "Oah gawd -- ohmygawwdd..." Period...
My hands reached out for the waistband of her skirt, already opened up in the back, showing the gaping V in the middle. My fingers slipped inside the skirt, thumbs hooked over the waistband to lower the garment, slowly, seductively, she whimpered with the feel of my warm hands on the sides of her buttocks, then her thighs till the skirt followed the force of gravity on its own. I leaned a bit back and drank in the delighting view, her hips - simply perfect, seductively curvacious, just what the doctor had ordered for me; the sensational, mouth watering buttocks, perfectly shaped from the upper swell to the delighting meeting with the thighs, the outside curvature worth a wet dream, "Holy shit! Daarrlinng!" I kissed and licked the quivering cheeks, over and over before fighting hard to stop myself, "Darling, my sweet darling - you are the personified sensuality on legs! Gawd darling, you are absolutely perfect...!"
"Ooahh Bernd...daarrrling..." She pleaded in a choked voice, "please come up to me, please hold me...hold me tight, pleeaazzze my love..."
I stood and embraced her, melting into her quivering back, gawd... so warm, and soft, and sweet... she leaned against me, trembling, and I soothed her, it had been too much for her, she wasn't used to so many sensations and emotions. I whispered a million words of love beneath her ear, tenderly stroking her belly, I murmured softly, "Forgive me my sweet love, please forgive me, I've lost myself in your beauty, and I'm terribly sorry, 'twas too much for you, I know now. Gawd... your knees are shaky... please don't scare my sweet baby, I'll bed you now, okay?"
She nodded weakly, and I lifted my sweet load, she flung her arms round my neck and nestled close in my loving arms, her quiet sobs and the feel of her wet cheek on my chest moved me to tears. My lips caressed her forehead whilst I bedded her softly before sinking to her side, slowly to not startle my maiden, my right arm round her shoulder held her tight, my left arm reached out for the blanket to cover my sweetie's back, before my hand slipped beneath to rest on the small of her back, and I pulled my girl close till we faced each other. With a deep, contented sigh she melted into me, her right hand found a rest on my hip, with the support of her tight hold she shifted a bit, still closer, a soft, satisfied moan now that she'd at last achieved what she wanted since we were like glued together from head to knee. Not really... her head now...Absolutely Certain! had to rest against my chest, just beneath my shoulder. Now! Finally! She sighed satisfied, and kissed my chest. I was fascinated, and couldn't keep myself from chuckling lowly.
Her head came up, her eyes questioning, "What?"
I kissed her sweetly smiling lips, "You are sooo sweet, my lovely maiden; your deep concentration on finding the most comfortable position simply fascinated me, and your cute little sighs of contentment, and finally satisfaction enjoyed me beyond belief. I can't get enough of your sweet little noises, I never will, I love each and every of them. And... I love YOU, Diana, all of you, my beautiful, wonderful, lovely and loving girl... my wife to come, hopefully."
She gasped, and her eyes grew wide as she cawed, "Your..." she cleared her throat, twice, "your... wife...? Bernd...your wife to come?" She drowned her eyes in mine, "Heavens, sweet heavens darling... you...you mean it, daarrrlinngg you really... oh my God you are serious... you mean as in... 'I'm wearing a tux for you my lovely maiden, and I fall to my knees in shy adoration to ask you, 'Will you marry me Diana, love of my life?', and I will sigh deeply, my hand will race to my lacy corsage to keep my heart from bursting, my eyes will roll back in my head and with a deep blush I lose consciousness? You mean, like that?"
"Corsage...?" I burst into laughter and fell to my back.
Diana rose to her knees, yelling, "Hey, don't you think this is too serious to play silly?" she straddled my hips, supporting herself with her hands on my chest, and gazed into my eyes, numb with disbelief.
I tried to appear frightened, she frowned. I licked my lips, lasciviously, and now her eyes grew any wider, she tensed and her lids grew heavy as she realized where she was seated, exactly where her sopping wet sex was seated, she said in a little voice, "OOH..." Then she cawed, "Ooaaaahh my..." Her eyes lowered and she looked...no, she stared at my belly, and there he was, right between her wide splayed thighs and kissing my navel...a thick cockhead, the glans already bared, purple red with lust, and oozing. And twitching... itching for something to happen. Something more...
I wanted to meet my sweet girl's eyes but they were, ahem, otherwise engaged; I did the second best and glued my eyes to her divine tits, slightly quaking with the movement of her rapidly heaving chest. Very, very nice view, I could ogle these sweeties for a whole week straight. Without blinking. Effortlessly.
I felt Diana's widespread labia along the sides of my shaft, her petals kind of absorbing the wide, throbbing tube, furthermore soaking themselves and parting any wider till her entire crevice, down to her dam felt my heat. Gawd that felt good, and slippery. I appreciated, but silently. Her steadily trickling juices were boiling hot as well as my now rabidly throbbing pole. I wasn't really sure how long exactly I would be able to take all the sweet sensations; the thought disappeared when Diana started to tremble, her thighs, her sex, her arms, her suddenly sweaty hands which lost their hold and slipped up my chest till they found a new grip in my hair whilst her pelvis started a slow, seductive dance. Her chest sank to mine with the lack of support, her head to the hollow of my left neck, her frantic breathing against the sensitive skin made me shiver, she sighed, "darling... ooaahh daarrrlinng,.." Gawd I loved her noises. The entire sound palette.
I grabbed some hair in the back of her neck and plucked slightly, she raised her head, our eyes met, hers half closed under too heavy lids, full of trust and pleading. I kissed my sweets lovingly and whispered softly, "Tell me Diana, my princess, my love, are you ready for me... to take your cherry now my sweet love, you've waited so long for me and I thank you, thank you my wonderful girl."
Her trembling subsided and her beautiful eyes moistened as she nodded, then sighed, "Ooh yes Bernd, I am ready for you my love, please make me a woman now, your woman my love. I love you Bernd, and I will love you forever; I am yours Bernd, I'm all yours my sweet love...till the end of days."
I buried my hands under her delighting mane, my right hand softly stroking her nape, the left one her upper back. "This will be a pact my love!" I lifted my face up, her eyes grew soft, she nodded and her lips met mine. We both knew that this kiss was meant to seal our pact of honesty, trust and commitment, endearment and love, and it was. It was a sweet, mutual promise. It was perfect.
As we broke the kiss I leaned my head back to the mattress, our eyes met again, all four of them serious now, and full of love. I asked softly, "Diana, do you want to stay on top my love? You know my princess... this night is magic, and it's Ladies Night my love, it is dedicated to you my sweet heart, and I will fulfill your every desire... with no restriction, no excuse, no hesitation my love; you just and only have to tell me what you want me to give you, my darling."
"But..." she kissed me, softly stroking my cheek, "...darling... this seems to be unfair, you're making this night a never ending bliss for me, you gave me so much Bernd, all the time only thinking of me. You'll remember my love, throughout this evening you've granted me more orgasms than I had altogether before in my whole life, not to forget to mention the, ahem...quality; and I'm feeling like selfish. And... love is meant to be a two way track, isn't it? I love you too, Bernd, and I want to give back my sweet heart..."
"You're so sweet my love, and I agree with you, totally. But you mustn't be worried my sweet heart... you will have enough chances to give back my darling, promised. And remember, my enchanting princess... this night is magic, so you can bewitch your lover every time you want to, till the end of the night..." I kissed my sweetie lovingly and whispered against her lips, "...and tonight you are granted more than the usual three wishes..."
"Ooh..." she said softly, and smiling brightly, "...that's sounds appealing my love, and promising." She kissed me roughly, "Now, if that is so... please turn us over my love, I want to feel your warmth and weight on me when you're bringing your sacrifice on my altar."
I kissed my sassy sweetie, and complimented, "You sweet little minx!" She giggled, all of a sudden her eyes grew wide with excitement, and anticipation when I reached for her hips to lift her sweet weight.
I stroked her delighting hips, slowly and softly, "I have to pull you a bit upwards my love, to gain a tighter hold, okay? None of us really wants to lose this lovely connection, huh?"
Her small frame shook with suppressed laughter, "Heavens darling no, certainly not..." She licked up my neck, "Mmhhh darling, you taste good...I could eat you."
"Oh, don't worry my sweets...you will!" She giggled gleefully, I pulled, about an inch, slowly. Gawd, was that good! Too good...I had to freeze.
"OOH SHIT! Ooaaahhh..." she groaned, her trembling thighs clenched my hips.
I let go of her hips and my hands raced upwards to cup her glowing cheeks, and I lifted her lovely face up to meet her eyes. I kissed my sweetheart softly, "I'm afraid darling this is much too sweet in the moment... I'll be not able to hold it any longer, and you are close too." A deep look into her dreamily eyes was enough for an answer. "We have to change our tactic, okay my love?"
She grinned, "Thou shalt know better..."
"Gawd, you are one sweet seduce." She licked her lips, now lasciviously grinning. I rolled my eyes, and she kissed me roughly, I panted, "Correction: You are onesultryseduce!"
She gave me a peck on my chin, "You bet, darling...I'm learning..."
"Ough......yessss, quickly..." I sighed, "Now my sweets, can you straighten your left leg, so I can roll us over?"
"Ooh..." she beamed, straightening her leg as requested, "you should have warned me that you're such a lecher... does it make you hot to know that I'm still a virgin?"
I growled, menacingly, "Oh yes...babe, I like them small and innocent, that always makes me wild..." I showed her all my teeth, she wasn't too impressed let alone scared, on the contrary...she snickered under her breath; I decided to ignore that outrageous behavior, "...and now that I have you at my mercy I'll show you something new..." my right arm reached round her neck to grab her right shoulder, my left pushed her hip and we rolled over. Perfect.
Ouugghh...probably not... feeling my throbbing shaft, pressed full length into her slit her thighs fell apart unconsciously before she raised her knees to feel all of my heat down to her dam, she grunted and growled loudly and urged against me, sliding her hot, damp snatch along my cock, grinding naked flesh against naked flesh whilst slowly moving her sex all along the underside of my shaft, to and fro. What an impatient, cheeky brat. Her hands, still in my hair pulled me close, she kissed my cheek ever so softly and groaned near my ear, "Ooh daaarrling, sooo good... gawd I didn't know... you feel soooo good my love... could you...I want to feel more of you..."
My left hand crawled from her hip to her quivering belly to stroke it softly, she 'mmhhh'ed oh so cutely while I murmured against her ear, "No, my sweetie... it's too late now - you're already cumming... I feel you can't hold it any longer... let loose my love and cum for me, cum all over me my sweet baby."
She tensed for a moment, then started wailing, "OOAAHH NO!!...oouugghhh daaarrrling... darling I can't...ooaahh Berrnnndd, ooouugghhh my love... ohmygaawwwdd I'm..." and she did, right on the spot, panting and bucking and wheezing, her eyes squeezed shut; I shifted my weight on my right elbow thus lifting my chest to give her room for easier breathing, alone she didn't like my idea too much, her arms descended to my back, pulling me closer again so roughly that I felt her breasts flattening against my chest. I snickered under my breath, continued to caress her still quivering belly and enjoyed myself with her soft humming whilst I kissed the beads of sweat off her forehead and brows.
I wanted my sweet girl to take her time to recover from this soft and sweet, though mighty climax before she'd have to face our unique first coalescence that would lead to another, and in this configuration evenly unique emotional peak, attended by lots of new, exciting sensations... altogether pretty much to take for a young, inexperienced girl like my Diana. Reveling in her hot feminine scent I reverently looked at my lady's sweet, sweaty face... the flawless forehead, flawless even when she frowned from time to time; the elegant curves of her neatly trimmed brows; her slightly fluttering eyelids with the long lashes; the perfectly shaped, high riding cheekbones, her soft cheeks and jawbones; the cute little snub nose; her adorable, sensual, luscious lips; and last but not least the crowning conclusion... her chin, the cutest, sweetest chin I'd ever seen, the proportions simply perfect, and perfectly matching the soft, narrow throat beneath. Her lush, wavy mane, framing this exceptional beautiful face did its best to complete the breathtaking general impression.
And my beauty hadn't even opened her eyes... these beautiful, expressive eyes I could write poems about.
Right in this moment, as if Diana had read my mind, her eyes opened, and beamed, before they grew soft while she mustered my concentrated face. "Bernd...? Your eyes, my love...your eyes, you never looked at me like this before... so much love, lakes of pure love I could lose myself in, so beautiful, so lovingly, and...devotional?" Her hands let go of my hair to lovingly stroke my back, "no wonder that I'm addicted to them. I'm sorry if I had you wait for too long, my love...?"
I smiled, and shook my head, "No my sweet love, you didn't... I knew you'd need your time to come to terms with your new, and awfully strong feelings, and we're not in a hurry my love; I want this night, our first night, to be an unforgettable night, for the both of us; and in a way this night is our wedding night, my love... I know we'll have a second wedding night later on, that's what I want and you let me know that you feel like it my sweet darling. And... besides your short rest granted me the time to study and behold your exceptional beauty, there was no time earlier, I mean not enough time because of all those enchanting distractions, you know?" She shook her head 'no', smiling sweetly, the rogues in the corners of her eyes grinned brightly. I declared: "Well, you know my sweets, the pedestrians passing by, and your coat, and all the customers in the restaurant, not to mention this extraordinary kitchen door, and then the breathtaking car ride, and...was there more? Hm... just all these distractions, you see?"
She chortled, "Ooh darling, you're too much. But it's good to hear that what I meant to remember was just a dream, and... dear lord what a wonderful dream..." Her right arm came up to stroke my nape, and she pulled me close to kiss me before she continued with a deep, contented sigh, "Thank God for your good remembrance my love, I had totally forgotten about the kitchen door, withal it was so impressing." She grinned up to me and kissed the point of my nose, her eyes suddenly serious, and concentrated; she pulled me closer, cheek to cheek, "thank you my darling, thank you for granting me a first look through the door that had remained locked for so long, for me that is. I am ready now for the step over the sill my love, more than ready my sweet heart. And you are more than ready for me, still, and I feel flattered. You have waited for me my love, and I thank you for your outstanding patience, my beloved man. My core, my womb is waiting for you my love, can you feel that she's still vibrating? And my pussy is eager to make her so long awaited first time visitor feel welcome, the visitor that will be her best friend soon. Please open this door for me now in total, and lead me in Bernd, I'm eager to learn about Cloud Nine, our first station my love."
"Yes my sweet love..." I whispered near her ear, before I lifted my face to meet her eyes again, "...and you can already think about the next station while I'm busy."
Her eyes grew wide, and, "Ooh..." she said, brightly smiling.
I kissed her right shoulder, my left hand followed, and softly stroked her arm on its way to her hand while I returned to her attentive eyes, big wide now as if she was determined to not miss any of the oncoming sensations; my hand had reached hers, and I lifted it to kiss her fingertips, her palm and the inside of her wrist, she sighed with pleasure and her eyes softened, I rested her hand on my hip and whispered; "hold on to me my darling, please hold me close..." she nodded and smiled oh so sweetly; my hand continued down the sensual curve of her hip over the waistband of her lacy garter belt, following the trace of the outer garter down the side of her firm buttock, she started moaning and her eyelids grew heavy while her breasts softly brushed my chest, her hands stroked my back lovingly.
"Oooaahh daarrlinnng..." she groaned with the feel of my fingertips grazing the outside of her thigh, playfully slipping beneath the garter, more groaning, growing louder when it roamed along the seam of her stocking to change garters, and followed the front garter's trace up to her loin, "mmh daarrrling... mmmhhh mmhh. mmmhhhhh.." she murmured when my thumb caressed the outside of her labia before my hand got a hold on my throbbing and twitching cock.
Her eyes opened wide when she felt my soft kiss and I whispered against her lips, "Diana, my sweet love, don't worry my love - see, I've gotta help him, I'm so hard that it's paining, and he's staying upright as if gravity was no factor, so I have to push him down to get the perfect angle, is that okay with you, my love?"
"You'll know better my darling, thank you my love... it's so sweet to tell me." A quick peck on my lips, and her suddenly big wide eyes changed back to mindfulness.
I returned the quick peck, "please try to let your eyes open my love, I want to see what you feel, my sweet love - only don't fight too hard for it my love, okay?" She smiled sweetly and nodded, while I lifted my pelvis and guided my pole southwards, softly brushing the already bared glans through her awfully soft, silky pubes, down the root of her clit, her hips started dancing, she bucked softly and her constant groaning grew louder when he passed the hood to sink into the flooded and boiling hot court yard to her sex, slowly closing in to her waiting opening, her sweet lips parted to let room for her eager tongue, and her eyes glowed with anticipation and desire. Her breathing had shortened, severely.
I mouthed, 'I love you Diana', when I pushed him down to kiss her quivering opening first time, alone she had already forgotten how to smile; I added a bit of pressure to let her feel the tip of her long awaited visitor, she wheezed sharply, "Ooaahhh... daarrrlinng mmhhh....mmmhhhh..." I pressed a bit harder till about half of the helmet was spreading her entrance wider, and she groaned loudly, "Oohgawd daarrrlinng yes... oohyessss..." the awfully tight muscle ring clenched my cockhead in rhythms like to masturbate me, gawd that felt good, too good, so I moved a bit forward and froze, with my eyes glued on hers I asked softly, "you like, my sweet heart? You seem to be in a fluster..." I grinned.
Her arms clasped my ribcage harder like holding on for dear life, I couldn't stop grinning. Her attentive eyes beamed me a smile, her sweet mouth was too busy with panting for air, nonetheless she somehow managed to groan, "ohgawd yess, yessssss..." the muscle ring worked full speed now and I decided to end the sweet torture.
I whispered, "Gawd darling, you're so tight... so wonderful tight, and sooo hot; I'm nearly through your sweet opening, you'll feel a short loss then, please don't scare my sweets, okay?" She nodded. And waited, impatiently.
Just when I made a start to slip finally through she surprised me, bucking hard, eliciting a loudly groan from the both of us whilst her opening regained a tight hold, now on my shaft. Gawd, that felt good, she felt good all around me, hot, and wet, and vibrating. My hands roamed higher to bury themselves under her wide spread mane to stroke her neck, her nape, her scalp. Her breathing had hesitantly normalized and she sighed contented, kissed my cheek and murmured, "I'm sorry Bernd, it wasn't me..." I lifted my head a bit up and raised a brow, she chuckled, "Ahem, I mean I couldn't help it." Her impish grin was too cute.
I grinned back and gave her a wink, "You mustn't be sorry darling, it's on me to thank you for helping."
Still grinning she cooed, "Ooh, 'twas my pleasure, Sir."
"That's good to hear, my sweet little minx. You feel good, so far, my love?"
Her grinning grew any wider, and I could see that she was about to shake her head 'no', the sassy seduce she was, but she thought of the better and let her body give the answer; reveling in sweet pussy's vibrating walls I felt her heels first in my knee bends before ever so slowly roaming up the back of my thighs, and gawd felt that good, sooo good, till her legs clinched my butt, thus opening herself wider for me and pulling me deeper, I groaned out my excitement, "Heavens my love, gawd that feels good... YOU feel good on me my love, so hot, and wet, and slippery... and greedy!" She giggled happily, and kissed me deeply...and greedily. When she let go of me we were both panting hard, again, and her deep dark eyes sparkled with pleasure.
When our breathing had normalized I asked my sweet girl softly, "Did we give Miss Pussy enough time to get used to me, my love?"
She nodded, "Yes my darling, thank you. Though you're stretching me, wider than I thought possible, but you feel wonderful inside me, simply wonderful my sweet love. Gawd...I had no idea my love, I had no idea that this could feel sooo good, so sweet, so exciting, and overwhelming. Thank you my love, thank you for showing me, letting me feel this, and thank you for making everything so easy for me. You've been right my sweet love - this IS a world of wonders, and it is so much more than I ever expected, or dreamed-of." She kissed me softly, and started sobbing quietly, "And thank you for being the wonderful lover you are Bernd... yes my love, I know what you did for me my love, all that playfully talking, the necking, all the time and little treats you gave me to recover from this sudden climax. I know that you wanted me to get the most out of our first...initiation; you wanted...no, needed this to be perfect, and you made it perfect my love, simply perfect." She couldn't care less for her tears and kissed me again, not demanding this time, this was a kiss of love and appreciation, and it touched me deeply.
I held her skull tighter, softly stroking her scalp, and kissed the sweat off her forehead, then her tears till she purred softly. "Thank you Diana, my lovely Diana. Yes you are right my love, that's what I wanted for you, and I thank you for being so attentive. You've mentioned 'selfish' earlier my love, and back then I didn't mean to argue, that might have broken our mood so I decided to let the subject drop for the moment; but now I have to assure you that you haven't been selfish, Diana, no way. I love you Diana, and I will do everything, literally EVERYTHING to make you happy my sweet little girl, my beloved woman. And I certainly don't feel like getting a raw deal Diana, please don't underestimate what you are giving me in return without even noticing my love; not only that I have a gorgeous beauty in my arms...no, she is butt naked and holds me lovingly close to make sure that I can't escape her sensuous vibes." I grinned, she grinned back lewdly but her eyes caressed mine, and she licked her lips lasciviously as I continued, chuckling, "As if I'd ever take that into account..."
We grinned, and kissed, and grinned again, and I moved inside her, slowly, she sighed happily and her hips came to life whilst her hands stroked my back fervently, Miss Pussy showed her appreciation by massaging my shaft with steadily growing intensity, I dove a bit deeper but stopped with the remembrance of her long gone hymen and what she had asked for. I kissed my quivering girl and mumbled against her now hot and swollen lips, "Darling...?" she 'hmm?'ed, "...you might feel a short sting when I'm making you my woman, but I swear that you'll forget about it instantly with all the new sensations, are you ready my sweet heart?"
I looked deeply into her dreamily eyes and she sighed contentedly, "Yes my love, I am ready, I am ready for being your woman, Bernd, and I'm ready to start our new life, my love. I love you Bernd, and I believe in our love, and I believe in you my man, my lovely, wonderful man...I couldn't have wished for any better my sweet love." And our eyes made love while our bodies did the same.
*
... will be continued in 'A helping hand is rewarded' Ch. 03: She fell asleep in my arms, and I followed suit
Author's EndNote:
Thanks for reading, please be fair and don't forget to vote :-)
This is my story, I wrote it, and stealing is lame. If you don't like it, don't read it. This story is now perfectly self-edited (bring it). All of my characters, in all of my stories, are over eighteen, or older any time they get naked and/or have intercourse.
Thanks for all the favorites and feedback, hope you enjoy my art of writing.
Your comments might be helpful, so don't hesitate.
Copyright © 2012 Bernd Glaesing. All rights reserved.