All rights reserved, do not post to reading list, copy, reuse, distribute, or publish this work anywhere else. Copyright 2022 to 2032, Tonyma70 at Literotica
As you remember:
Carol sat on the bar stool. She didn't give a thought to her nudity, even though she had to spread her legs for balance, this gave all the men a view of her box. She conversed happily with her offspring. Carol has become oblivious to her nudity. To the amazement of her husband and the boys Carol has become comfortable with her exposure in front of people in the last few weeks. She likes the high she receives when she spreads her legs to show her pussy.
Her male offspring were amazed by their mother's sudden change in attitude toward nudity. They took full advantage of their mother's exposure to memorize; her body shape, every hair on her mound, and the color of her moist slit. The shape and size of her breast, areola, and nipples were also memorized. This was done in case their mother decided to revert back to her conservative self, which meant they will only see her when she was fully clothed as they did when they were young.
Carol's internal monologue as she sat totally exposed for her son's inspection went something like this. "I notice my boys now look at me differently. I think they see that I am just not their mom, but a sexual being who happens to be their mother. I wonder if that is a good thing? Does it erode my parental authority in their eyes? I know they are sexually active with their girlfriends and now they realize my body parts are the same as their ladies. I am not a mystery to them anymore. They know what I look like nude. Do they approve?"
Billy watched his mother as he put away the dishes. She turned when she became aware of his intense gaze. Carol was completely nude in front of her sons, but it didn't faze her, and this felt foreign to her. It amazed Carol when she decided to give Billy a better view of her intimate being so in her excitement, she turned to give her son a full frontal, her pussy included, as she smiled at him innocently. When Billy tore his eyes away from his mother's box. He looked into her eyes, with the smile on her face that ensued, he realized that his mother had caught him. Billy immediately turned away with an embarrassed look on his face. "Billy, am I embarrassing you sitting here nude? I can go and put on something if you like."
The other boys stopped what they were doing and looked at their mother also.
"No mom we like you the way you are." The other three stated without a thought, before Billy could formulate his answer.
"Well Mom it isn't every day you see your mother completely nude, while she sits comfortably with her legs spread for balance on a bar stool." Billy answered with an embarrassed smile on his face as he talked to her honey pot. "It's your house so your rules, if you are comfortable nude in front of us, we will accept your newfound freedom with enthusiasm. And I might add you are more beautiful than I envisioned."
"You mean to tell me you fantasized about your mommy nude?" Carol asked in mock ire.
"Mom, as you remember all our friends came over our house, most of the times. You were grateful because you knew what we were doing, but the real reason the guys came over is to ogle you. They were infatuated with you." Tommy the bold one explained.
"Boy if our friends could see you now Mom!" JJ said.
"Wow I'm glad I didn't know how much your friends liked me."
Although her sons continued their task to clean up the kitchen, they all covertly glanced at the mature nude woman who totally exposed her naked form to her four sons. This was done in an innocent manner, but her intent was to show her sons all of her intimate being. "This exposure excites me enormously." Carol thought with shame. She was not truly over her puritan values.
Carol's soliloquy continued. "My boys stole glances of me, and they think I haven't noticed." She smiles. "I can see Eric my youngest run his eyes up and down my body, he paused at my breasts and pussy as he cleaned the counter." She looked Eric in the eye, and he turned away. Carol shivered when she saw the bulge in his pants. "Tommy the bold one was not fazed when I looked his way as he checked out my box. I can see he's transfixed by my exposed lady lips and didn't turn away, even though I caught him staring." Carol watched JJ with delight. She felt a shot of moisture proceed to her pussy lips. "JJ is my protector I remember when he was in grade school. One of the boys voiced a derogatory remark about me and he beat him up. I had to go to school to defend my little tiger. Present day he looks at me and smiles as I sit here exposed. I can feel my excitement as it threatens to drip from my pussy, onto the floor. I am so excited to be here naked in front of my offspring. I think they finally have seen the real me! Is that a good thing? Time will tell."
"Mom-Mom what do you think." JJ asked.
"What- What do I think about what!" Their nude mother asked in confusion, as JJ's comment broke her out of her reverie.
"Did we do a good job cleaning up?" Eric asked as he fished for a compliment.
"Oh my yes! All of you did an amazing job." Carol stated in a sort of a confused manner.
"It's getting late we have to go. We have to work in the morning." Tommy the driver of the car said, as all four came in one car.
Eric helped his mother off the stool. The air around her was heavy with her delightful pheromones. It hit Eric like a ton of bricks. "I remember that scent when I was near mom. She was excited!" Carol gave Eric a full body hug and he didn't know what to do with his hands.
"Give mommy a proper hug Eric." She took his hands and wrapped them around her naked body, pressed her naked breasts into his chest. She didn't flinch when she felt his erect pecker. He held her lower, rested his hands on her butt and pulled her to him. She felt his pecker at her midsection to her delight.
The other brothers saw this and they hugged their mom the same way. Tommy being the bold one squeezed her butt cheeks in his hands as he hugged her. Carol was delighted her boys thought she was a sexual being. They all had erections due to her nudity and her naughty actions on the bar stool.
The boys bid good-bye to their dad and Walter. Everyone went to the door to see them off. The trio remained in the doorway until the boys car was out of sight, even Carol who was in front of the men and completely nude. Each man had an arm draped over her shoulder with a hand on her breast. The trio didn't think it was odd to hold Carol in such an intimate way in public.
"That went well Carol." Jon expressed with pleasure.
Carol in her own little world thought. "My boys will please some lucky woman with the bats they have in their pants." And then. "I wish I could check out their weapons of mass pleasure." Carol though with shame and embarrassment. "She wanted her sons!"
"Yes, Carol you are a trooper to let your sons see you completely nude. I can see they have more respect for you as a woman presently and they see you as a very beautiful being, before they just thought of you as Mom." Walter contributed his observations to the conversation.
"Well, I can say with certainty that in the end it was touch and go. Each of my sons touched me and they left. I am so horny that I will ignite if my hot box doesn't get hosed down. Are there any volunteers?"
The two men took Carol's hand and lead her to the master suite, placed her carefully on the bed after they ripped off the covers and proceeded to strip without Carol's order for them to disrobe.
Walter laid on his back on the bed, Carol on her knees took his tool in her mouth, while Jon fucked her from behind. The moans, sounds of pecker as it met pussy, and the scent of sex in the room made a sensual concoction of the most erotic type. They came with a rippled response: Walt first with a loud grunt as he held on to Carol's head lovingly. Carol next with a muffled scream it felt so good to have a cock in her mouth and one in her box. Jon's orgasm was last as he concentrated on the view of his wife as she blew his friend and to see his pecker as it disappeared and reappeared from her box coated with her excitement. The erotic elixir of the sex act that permeated the room amazed Jon. This is a dream come true for him.
Carol collapsed on Walter after her orgasm with his pecker still in her mouth as it deflated. Jon rolled to the side. His peck came out of Carol's box with a pop, and Carol joined him after-a-while. Both men turned toward Carol and held her. They all had satiated smiles on their faces.
Carol started the critique: "Why is it so important to Dr. Benson that my son's see me naked?"
"Maybe it could be something that he thinks is missing in our society and he wants to test his hypothesis?" Jon theorized.
"Have you ever been to a nudist camp?" Walter asked.
"No we never have, what does that have to do with Carol required to be naked in front of our sons?" Jon asked intrigued.
"Well I have been to nude beaches and camps many times with the women I have been with. The children at the family camps have a great time. To go into the pool, you have to be naked, and they play games with the other kids. There isn't a sexual overtone to the play, they just have a good time. Women with babies breast-feed them in public. It is very natural and a fun place. Some places have outside showers, you see women and men wash their bodies in public. It is not sexual but it is sensual. Maybe the Doctor wants to achieve a more normal approach to nudity instead of a perverted approach?" Walter explained.
While in discussion Carol rubbed both men's cocks and they double teamed her pussy. "I love the feel of two men as their fingers roam over my body." She thought with delight, as she moved her hips to have more of her men's hands in her box.
The activity signaled the start of round two. Carol put a lip lock on Jon's cock and turned so Walter could get to her box. He dove in face first without any thought that he will give Jon a blowjob by proxy as her husband came in her box a while ago. Walter lapped up their combined secretions with gusto. "Not bad." He thought.
Carol could taste her box on her husband's pecker as she polished his nob. "I enjoy the taste of our combined fluids on my husband's pecker." She thought as she deep-throated him.
"I love to watch my wife while she is serviced by Walter." Jon though with an audible moan as he craned his neck to get into a position so he could see Walter lick her slit.
Although Walter likes to 'Licky-dee-slit' Carol said in a erotic whisper. "I want you to cum in my box Walter. I need to be hosed down." It was said with urgency and Walter happily complied with her request.
He kneeled up and held onto Carol's waist, Walter lined up his pecker and buried it balls deep into her box with one stroke.
"OooHHH that feels soooooooo good Walt."
Jon loves to see Walter's pecker slide in and out of his wife's box.
Walt went into overdrive and within a few minutes the trio had orgasms in unison this time. They laid in pleasurable bliss as their orgasms overtook them.
The trio laid in an entanglement of arms and legs, Carol still connected intimately with both men pecker in pussy and cock in mouth. "I took the starch out of my two peckers." She thought with a laugh.
"I guess I'm staying over again." Walter stated and all agreed as Jon shut the light and the trio went into a peaceful slumber, arms and legs intertwined. They happily enjoyed the scent of sex in the air as they nodded off the sleep.
While the shenanigans were going on at the Hopkin's house. Billy was horny as hell and he convinced his Girlfriend Gina to stay over his house that night.
.
"Billy, you go over to your parents' house and come back horny as hell. What's up with that? You and all your brothers have been acting weird ever since you told me you talked to that doctor."
"It's very obvious what's up Gina? Look at the tent in my pants. I think I love you." He answered to try to derail the cross examination.
"There's more to the story Bill." She said as she played with his pecker through his pants. "I can see you're keeping something to yourself. Come on tell me the whole story if you want me to take care of your hard problem or I'm going home."
He wanted to get something out of this conversation, so Billy said. "Take all your clothes off and I'll tell you." Gina has a poor body image of herself and rarely walks around nude. She will strip down to have sex, with the light off, and under the covers.
Gina looked at Bill suspiciously and then said. "I'll take a piece of clothing off as you tell me your tale. One revelation gets one item of clothing."
He knew that Gina wouldn't budge and strip completely, So, he started his erotic tale.
"My Mother is going to be a Medical Model, that is why the doctor called us."
"A medical model what's that." Gina asked as she took off her blouse folded it and put it on the chair in the kitchen.
Bill explained it as she sat mesmerized in shock when she realized what Bill's mother will have to do. "So that's it! That story is worth me getting naked for." Gina teased as she knew there was more.
"When we went to the house Mom only had a thin sundress on. When she hugged us, we could feel her body parts. Walter was there with them when we arrived."
"So, you think that your mother is banging your father and Walter?" Gina asked intrigued as she took off her slacks.
"I don't know. In fact, I never thought of that!" Then he continued. "We went to the family room and there was an examination chair that Walter and Dad made to give our mother practice exams." Bill explained.
Gina has had GYN exams, so she looked at Bill embarrassed. "Did your mother let you guys examine her?" Gina asked as she removed her bra.
"Yes, my father told my mother to remove her dress and she went to the exam chair, and we examined her." Bill admitted.
"Wow, you mean you manually examined your mother?" Gina asked as she slipped off her panties to find them soaked with her arousal.
"Yes, but that isn't all. We ordered takeout, my mother remained nude, and flashed her pussy to my friend who delivered the order." Bill explained.
The room was engulfed with the scent of excited female, Gina rubbed her pussy for the first time in front of Bill. He was on the verge of an orgasm in his pants as he thought of his mother and watched his girl 'Jill off.' Bill grabbed the hand that Gina used to rub her pussy, sucked on the fingers she had in her pussy as he escorted her to the bedroom. He laid her on the bed carefully. Stripped nude and dove headfirst between her legs. He rarely licked her slit but he was so overcome by her one woman show that he needed to bring her off orally.
"I don't know why I am so repulsed by going down on Gina. She tastes great! I wonder if it is because she has gone out with other guys and I feel I am giving them a blowjob by proxy?" Bill thought as he munched on her carpet and sucked her lady lips into his mouth.
"Oh, MY GAD THAT FEELS SOOOOOOOOOOOO GOOOOOOOOOOO-OOOOOOOOOOOD!" Gina screamed as she came. She held onto his head when he sucked on her clit and pushed her hips tight to his face. Gina tried to get Bill's head in her pussy when she came.
Bill needed relief, but he let Gina enjoy her orgasm before he mounted her and drove his pecker home with one stroke balls deep. He didn't make love to her, he fucked her; he was so horny. "I-I wish it was my mother I was pounding away on right now. She looked so sexy spread for our inspection and as she sat on the stool in the kitchen." He thought amazed and a little ashamed of himself for his thoughts of his mother as he fucked his girlfriend.
Bill and Gina had a bang up night: Bill was sexually excited all night and they banged most of the night away. Ahhhhh to be young and full of cum!
J.J., Eric, and Tommy all went to sleep and dreamt of their mother. They still couldn't believe they had the privilege to see their mother in all her naked glory. All the offspring thought she was a beautiful woman and were sad that they didn't realize it when they were younger. All their friends knew that Carol was a thoughtful and a beautiful lady.
In the middle of the night:
Carol awoke, she slept protectively between both men. Carol needed to pee, got up, and went to the bathroom. She was on the head when Walter and Jon entered, they had the same need. She conversed with them as she made her deposit, wiped and was replaced by Walt. She watched in fascination as he made circles as he peed. They conversed as Jon went.
"We are very comfortable with each other I can see." Carol stated what everyone else thought.
They went back to bed and held their woman in a loving embrace as they fell back to a peaceful contented sleep.
The next morning the coolness awakened Carol. She realized she was in bed alone. The two men were up, and she could smell coffee as it brewed. She arose and went to the kitchen to find the two men hard at work to cook the morning meal. Both men had Tees on, but they were bottomless. Carol took delight to see their 'man meat' swing as they moved. She took her customary position on the bar stool, legs spread for balance and the group conversed as the men cooked breakfast.
"I could get used to the pampering I am receiving from you guys." Carol spoke to the men with glee.
"We have enjoyed the outfit you have worn the last couple of weeks also." Walter explained.
"Yes Carol, we have been overjoyed with the outfit you wear most of the time. Your 'birthday suit'!" Jon added to the conversation.
As they conversed Carol could see the starch start to take hold of the men's peckers, not full blown erections but there was some interest. This pleased the naked woman, and the men were oblivious to her thoughts.
When breakfast was put on the breakfast nook the trio sat to eat. Well the two men sat. Carol just twisted to face the bar.
"Now that you have explained to our son's what you are going to do, you need to call Dr. Benson to find out when he has time available to give instructions to you and our sons on the exam procedure." Jon addressed Carol.
"Okay I will call after I finish breakfast." Carol acknowledged with ambivalence.
Walter looked at Carol's expression. "What's the matter Carol you look uncertain about something?"
"I don't know Walter, it feels like I opened pandora's box and can't get everything back into it. Walking around nude, two men to take care of my needs. Nude in front of my sons. What would my parents think of me sitting here nude with my legs spread?" Carol blurted out and then continued. "I love the new me and the way I am pampered being this hot wife. My problem is I can't get over my conservative nature that was instilled in me, by my parents." She confessed with emotion.
"Carol you are doing fine, you have to enjoy life and if you like what we are doing then don't worry about anything else." Jon explained to his wife. He was concerned that his wife naked in public will be short lived and she will revert back to her conservative self.
After breakfast Carol watched the men clean up. She was in her usual position exposed to the men. She had another internal monolog: "I love exposing myself to the world. I need to make adjustments to my psyche that will allow me to be the person that I have found in the last week or so. My husband is happier. I have made Walter happy along with my sons. The Doctor needs my assistance and the money will come in handy during our retirement. So why am I so distraught with my new persona?"
Carol got off the stool went to the phone and called Dr. Benson. "This is Hyde how may I help you."
"Hyde, can I talk to the Doctor please, this is Carol Hopkin."
"I will see if he is available." She was gone for a few minutes and then came back on the line. "He is with a patient; can I take a message?"
"Tell the doctor that I have told my sons that I am a medical model and need the times that the doctor has available to continue my training with my sons in attendance."
"Okay Carol, I will tell the doctor and get back to you."
It was ten AM just after they all took showers separately today.
"Carol what do you want to do today, my dear?" Jon asked.
"I need to clean up the house and do the laundry." Carol answered in a distracted way.
"I need to go home to do yard work and clean up my house also." Walter stated with some embarrassment.
"I have yard work to do also." Jon stated as he needed to review the situation, because Carol has become distraught.
The trio went their separate ways to do the tasks that needed to be done. The men dressed and Carol remained nude. She gave Walt a full body hug before he left. Carol stood arm in arm with her husband as they watched Walter disappear around the corner without any concern for Carol's nudity in public.
It was after two when Carol and Jon were done with their chores.
At two-thirty Carol received a call on her cell. "Mom, I talked to my brothers we were wondering if we can come over to watch and practice giving you exams?" Tommy asked, even though he was the bold one, his voice cracked when he asked the question.
Carol was concerned and called Jon. "Jon can you come here please." When he came into the room, she told him about the kids.
"Well I think if they are proactive about this you should accommodate their wishes." Jon stated as tactfully as he could and then added. "What are your thoughts Carol?"
"Wow! I don't know it caught me by surprise." Carol said, all the while Tom is on the phone listening to the debate.
Tom along with his brothers discussed the unbelievable reality that they will be able to intimately examine their mother with a doctors approval. They didn't want the opportunity to escape them, so that was why Tom was on the phone with his mother.
"Carol it would be better for the boys to come here, so that you will be comfortable with them as they touched you intimately before you are scheduled with the doctor." Jon stated as his perverted mind came to the forefront. "I want my wife naked in front of their sons, as much as possible and for as long as possible." He thought perversely.
"I guess you're right Jon." Carol reluctantly agreed, and she told her son. "Come over as soon as possible." She wasn't totally on board with prospect of her son's intimate exam of her.
"Bye now mom, and thank you." Tom said before he hung up.
A while later:
There was a knock on the door Jon went to it. He found Walter there with two bags of groceries for dinner. "I think we should eat in tonight, Jon, so I brought some fix-ins to cook up."
"I hope you have enough for our four sons also?" Jon asked.
"No, but I will put an order in and have it delivered before four tonight." Walter stated.
"I think you should get dressed." Jon told his wife.
"Why, I will be nude in front of my sons before the night is out anyway." Carol answered her husband in an embarrassed tone of voice.
"We are going to be performing an exam on you. Do you go to the doctor's nude?" Jon stated with some frustration.
"Oh I see your point. The exam should be as realistic as it can be." Carol realized and was grateful that Jon thought she should dress.
Carol came back dressed: she had on a blue skirt, button front white top with a matched white bra and panty set, along with shoes with two inch heels. Jon and Walter prepped for dinner and Carol pitched in. The door- bell rang and Walter went to see who it was. The delivery came from the market, and the trio finished the prep and started to cook the meal.
The boys arrived at five fifteen just as dinner was ready. They were disappointed that their mother was dressed but didn't say anything. The mature trio saw the disappointed looks on the young men's faces and determined that they were sad that their mother had clothes on.
Carol sat on the stool per usual but dressed, she did show her white panties to her sons. That didn't go unnoticed by them and they were grateful for a sneak peek of what was to come.
The group had a wonderful four course meal. They discussed the practice exam to come.
"After dinner we will perform a well woman exam on your mother. This is what every woman goes through each year. We will perform a European style exam. That is your mother will strip nude for the exam with no covering. We will perform a breast exam, vaginal exam, and rectal exam, along with the usual, check of the heart, eyes, throat, and limbs." Jon explained in such detail it shocked the boys and their mother.
"I will clean up the kitchen and catch up with you tomorrow. I think I will go home tonight." Walter stated.
"I need your help with the exam Walter. When you finish cleaning up come down to the family room." Jon said.
"Yes, Walter you need the practice also." Carol said.
"We will play the video through once to start. This is the documents that need to be filled out before the exam." Jon stated as he handed them to his sons. "Look them over, so you will know about the documents. Mom, I think you should watch the video also, so you will become more familiar with the procedure in the capacity of a teacher." Jon said as all six sat to watch the video on a large screen TV. It enlarged all the woman's body parts.
Carol's internal struggle was evident on her face as she watched the video, but no one noticed. She thought. "This is really going to happen. My sons will know my body intimately because the doctor wants this to happen. I am mortified that I want this to happen. What would my parents or for that matter people we know in this city, think of me if they found out!" Carol's soliloquy continued. "Look at the woman's breasts they are larger than life on the screen. Her pussy is gigantic. Oh, my gad! Look at the woman's butthole it looks like a train tunnel. My boys will see all my intimate being. Do I want to do this because of the humiliation which comes with a complete well woman exam? Is the thought of many people seeing me nude is what I crave?" Carol was in a quandary.
Walter entered the family room just as the video finished. He saw the look of terror on Carol's face. "What's the matter Carol you look scared?"
"I don't know if this is a good idea. Boys what do you really think of me? I haven't been brought up to be a woman who exposes her body like this. Do you understand how humiliating it is for a woman to be told to strip naked, to have strangers poke and prod you as you lay naked on a table? Why did the doctor demand that my son's be present for the exam" Carol stated in tears she was at a crossroads again. "Do I want to do this or am I being forced into this by others?" She had a clear vision before, but questioned her motive to be a medical model presently.
The boys were too stunned to say anything. They were afraid their fantasy to see their mother nude and touch all her intimate areas will evaporate with their mother's last statement.
Jon was in a panic he didn't want Carol to feel this way. He wanted her to enjoy her exposure and be free of the conservative values that has hindered her sexuality in the past. "Carol, you have done great so far don't go backwards. Stay the course." Was her husband's passionate plea.
All rights reserved, do not post to reading list, copy, reuse, distribute, or publish this work anywhere else. Copyright 2022 to 2032, Tonyma70 at Literotica