Penny closed her bedroom door quickly as soon as she got inside and took a series of slow and deep breaths as she leaned back against it, trying to stop her heart from racing as she recovered from the shock she had just gotten out in the hallway.
It was a perfectly innocent thing, Penny assumed, a random meeting of two people in the wee small hours of the morning, both heading to the bathroom at the same time. Penny was half-asleep when she had left her room, but when she saw her Mom's boyfriend emerging from her mother's room, that woke her up fast.
Boyfriend, Penny thought as that term went through her mind, was a strange word to describe a man that was probably 45 or so, but that was what her Mom referred to him as. Only fair, since her father had moved in with a girlfriend after he and his mother had divorced, and that slut was in her 30's.
Mr. Cole, the man who had been dating Penny's mother for the last few months, seemed to be a very nice man, Penny thought as she leaned against the door and waited for sounds that would indicate that he had finished in the bathroom.
He had been very pleasant to Penny whenever they were all together, and just that evening after they ate dinner he had told Penny that he looked forward to getting to know her better, and insisted she stop calling him Mr. Cole.
"Call me Rick for one thing, if we're going to get to really know each other," he had told her, and Penny giggled nervously at that, because during those few seconds out in the hall, Penny had gotten to know Rick Cole a lot better than she had expected.
That was because while Penny had been wearing a nightie during that accidental confrontation in the hall, her mother's boyfriend had been naked. Naked, nude, bare-assed, without even a sock on, he had walked out of her mother's bedroom without a care in the world, and didn't even seem flustered or embarrassed at her seeing him naked.
Truth be told, Penny thought that he might even have enjoyed her seeing him like that, and Penny shuddered when she realized that he had noticed what she was staring at before she mumbled a quick apology while ducking back into her room.
What would anyone expect? That was Penny's rationale about where her eyes had strayed; only briefly looking down his surprisingly trim and muscular physique before staring open-mouthed at the penis that swung lazily between his thighs as he walked toward her en route to the bathroom.
Poor Mom, Penny thought as she tried to picture that monstrosity erect, since in its flaccid state the thing looked scary enough. Not that Penny was an expert, having only touched four of them in her 19 years, and only one of those four finding its way inside of her, but she knew enough to know that Rick Cole was one well-hung man.
Mike Brown. He had been the boy that had deflowered Penny after the senior prom last year. It had hurt like hell when he had put his dick inside of her that night, after endless fumbling with the condom, and Mike's dick wasn't as big hard as her mother's boyfriend's was limp.
Poor Mom indeed. Her mother finally starts dating again after all this time and she ends up with a guy that looks like that character in that movie "Boogie Nights" - what's-his-name? Mark Wahlberg? John Holmes? Whatever, Penny concluded.
The sound of the toilet flushing and the bathroom door opening shook Penny out of her daydreaming, and after waiting an extra minute or two Penny hustled in and out of the bathroom, tinkling and hurrying back into bed and safely under the covers.
Sleep would not come however, as Penny could not get the image of seeing her mother's boyfriend naked out in the hall, and along with the memory of that vision came the recollection of the sounds that had come from her mother's room earlier that evening.
It hadn't been loud, and Penny could tell that her mother was muffling the noise she made, just like she used to do when her and Dad got it on most Saturday nights, but it was the bed that made most of the noise. Back in the day, Penny recalled, it didn't squeak anything like that.
Then again, Rick Cole was about 6'4" and at least 200 pounds, about a half a foot taller and at maybe 50 pounds heavier than Dad. Then there was the - other thing - and while Penny only remembered a brief peek at her father one time long ago, Dad had looked pretty normal.
Nothing like Mr. Cole, that was for sure, and as Penny's mind kept coming back to that, her hand slipped down under the sheet and between her legs. The hair around her sex was dripping wet, and inside was even wetter.
Poor Mom, Penny kept thinking, because while her mother wasn't as petite as she was, she was still a little lady, and thinking about how big Mr. Cole's cock would be erect made her shudder.
"Don't hurt me, Mr. Cole," Penny whispered softly as she pictured him climbing on top of her now, his fully engorged manhood in his fist and looking ready to force that huge organ into the place her fingers were busily working. "You're so big... please don't hurt me."
After Penny's orgasm finally ended, she rolled over onto her side, her body still shaking from the force of it. Now sleep would come easier, but the dream came with the sleep, and the topic of the dream was still her Mom's boyfriend.
***
Down the hall, in the bedroom of Penny's mother, 47 year old Diane Walton, a similar scene was taking place, only the person leaning against the inside of the door was not a scared teenage girl, but a mature 49 year old man, Rick Cole.
He too was breathing heavily as a result of his girlfriend "accidentally" seeing him naked out in the hall. The confrontation was inevitable, given the fact that Rick had made a number of trips to the can during the night, and not all of them were bathroom related.
He had wanted little "Peanut" to see him, and he was hoping that the girl would be wearing something a little more erotic looking than the plain white nightie she had on, but the way she looked at him made up for it.
They all look, Rick thought as he replayed the image of Diane's daughter's eyes going right down to his crotch, and the sight of that sweet young thing's eyes bugging out like a modern day Marty Feldman made his cock stiffen.
Rick wanted "Peanut", and he made a mental note to try and stop thinking of the girl as "Peanut", since she had made it clear that she loathed the nickname she had been burdened with most of her life. Her name was Penny, he reminded himself, and a sure way to not get into a woman's heart (or panties) was to irritate them.
Rick didn't want to make her mad, he wanted to have sex with her. He wanted to have sex with her long before he started going out with her mother, back when she waited on him at Best Buy a couple of times. He made several trips to the store for the sole reason of talking to her before finally buying the cell phone he had wanted all alone.
Of course back then Rick was only flirting with the little cutie, because while he liked them young and petite, he liked his freedom even more than sex, and he had figured the perky little red-head for a schoolgirl. The petite frame, tiny breasts and the braces made her look too young for anything that was on the construction company owner's mind.
It was sheer coincidence that when he got hooked up with Penny's mother, he saw that her youngest daughter was the girl from Best Buy. That almost made him think twice about dating Diane Walton, because being around that jail-bait would be too dangerous, but that turned out to be a non-issue.
"Peanut's going to graduate from Hudson Valley Community College next summer," Diane had told him when Rick had asked her what school she went to, and when he asked whether she was one of these geniuses that skipped a lot of grades, she said no.
"She's 19," Diane explained. "I know she doesn't look it, but she's really sensitive about that. Believe it or not, at her age I looked a lot like her. Anyway, please don't kid her about being so tiny."
"I won't," Rick assured Diane, and from that moment on, he set his sights on her daughter.
It wasn't like Diane was bad looking or anything, because even though Penny's mother was starting to show her age in subtle ways around the eyes and neck, it was clear where her daughter got her looks from. She must have gotten the red hair and the freckles from her old man, but the boyish body came from her Mom.
Rick looked over at Penny's mother. She was asleep already, but Rick was raring for some more sex. Clearly, Diane Walton hadn't had any for a while, but while she wasn't bad in the sack her endurance was lacking. Rick crawled back into bed and cuddled up into Diane's backside, his erection poking rudely into the crack in her ass.
He didn't want to take her anally all that badly - that one time years ago in Thailand was enough for him to learn that most women, even professionals, wanted no part of him back there, but he needed to get off again after that meeting with Penny.
"Ricky," Diane had after his hand had left her apple-sized breast and had wandered between her legs. "Baby, I'm sore."
"I'll be gentle," Rick promised, but Diane was not convinced.
"Here," Diane finally said when she realized that Rick was going to rub himself into until he got off one way or another.
Diane turned around and slid over across his thighs, pulling the long prong from off of his abdomen and stroking it a few times before going down on him.
I wonder if her daughter's even given head to a guy yet? Rick pondered that as he looked down at the shadow of Penny's mother as he held the shaft of his cock in her fist, jacking him off while her mouth slid up and down the head of his cock.
Rick came quickly, his thoughts not on the middle-aged woman whose mouth and throat he was hosing down with his seed, but of her daughter, imagining that it was her on the receiving end of his load.
***
Penny wrapped the bathrobe around herself and went out to the kitchen the next morning, expecting to see her mother and her boyfriend eating breakfast, the aroma of which had woken Penny up.
Instead she saw Mr. Cole at the stove. making bacon while a pot of coffee finished brewing. He smiled at Penny and said good morning, and after Penny returned the greeting she poured herself a glass of orange juice, glancing over at her Mom's man as she did.
Tough to look at somebody after you've seen them naked, Penny mused at she looked at Rick, now fully dressed. He looked a little like some character from The Sopranos, with his black wavy hair and broad shoulders and while he was already dressed in a nice yellow short sleeved shirt and brown slacks, Penny couldn't help seeing him without clothes.
Penny legs watched the muscles in his forearms bulge as he brought platters of food over to the table, the gold watch he was wearing standing out from the coating of dark hairs that covered his arms.
The rest of him sure was hairy too, Penny thought as she still remembered seeing him in the hall very clearly. His chest was covered with a mat of black fur, as were his legs, Patty recalled, and she jerked her head away quickly as Rick turned around with a platter of eggs and bacon, not wanting him to think she was checking him out.
"Hope you're going to join me," Rick said with a smile. "Your Mom seems to be sleeping in this morning, and I made a lot of food."
"Yeah, she sleeps late on the weekends," Penny said as she slid across the table from her mother's boyfriend and took a strip of bacon and some scrambled eggs.
Probably wore her out, Penny mused, or maybe she can't walk this morning. That almost made Penny laugh, and she forced herself to stop thinking about the night before.
"Cute picture," Mr. Cole said, nodding at Penny's driver's license, which had come in the mail and was leaning against the napkin holder.
"Omigod!" Penny said, cringing as she grabbed it and turned it over.
"That's not such a bad picture," Rick commented, gesturing with his fork. "You should see mine."
"They're all bad," Penny suggested.
"Guess you're right," Rick agreed. "That says you're five foot tall though."
"I am, almost," Penny mumbled in between bites of her breakfast, noting that Mom's boyfriend seemed to know that the only way she could reach 5 foot tall on the scale would be to stand on her tip-toes.
"A lot of men love petite woman, you know," Rick said, looking over at the pale skinned girl with the bright red hair and the freckles that were clustered around her cute little nose.
Penny shrugged, blushing when she saw Mr. Cole looking at her.
"Guess your mother hasn't had many - uh - overnight guests," Rick said.
"You're the first."
"I know it must be difficult for you," Rick suggested.
"No, it's cool," Penny replied. "I love Mom. She needs somebody."
"We all do," Rick opined. "Uh - since your Mom isn't up yest, I wanted to talk to you about something. About last night, out in the hall?"
Penny gave a tight-lipped grin and shrugged her shoulders as she looked down at her plate.
"I hope I didn't upset you," Rick said. "Guess I'm starting to feel comfortable around here and I forgot I wasn't home."
"It's okay."
"That's good, because I really want us to become close friends," Rick said as he reached over and put his massive hand over Penny's little one, making it disappear from sight. "Really close."
Penny nodded, the warmth of Mr. Cole's hand as he lightly squeezed hers making Penny's heart skip.
"Who knows, maybe some night we'll meet again out in the hall," Mr. Cole suggested, his hand still over Penny's. "Maybe next time you'll be the one not wearing any clothes."
Penny laughed a little at that, but it came out like loud and jagged breathing, and she realized that underneath Mr. Cole's hand, her own hand was shaking.
"I think I'll be staying over again tonight," Rick said before releasing Penny's hand. "Your Mom wants to see that new Matt Damon movie, and I hate to drive home that late."
"You don't mind, do you Penny? Me spending the night with your mother, I mean." Rick asked, smiling when the little red-head shook her head while her eyes never left her now-empty plate. "Good."
"Thanks for breakfast," Penny said, walking over to the sink to deposit her plate before scurrying back to her room.
Rick Cole looked at the backs of Penny's pale calves, as she departed, which was the only view of flesh the robe afforded him and he smiled again, just imagining what was underneath it, while in his slacks his stiffening cock slid down in the inside of the leg of his boxers.
***
Penny looked at her clock radio, which read 10:40, and then looked at herself in the mirror like she had been doing for the last several minutes. She was naked, having just emerged from the shower minutes earlier, and was holding her nightie as she examined her reflection in the large mirror above her make-up table.
It was like the movie Groundhog Day, Penny thought as she looked at the scrawny waif in the mirror. She looked the same at 19 as she did at 14, she noted with dissatisfaction as her hands went up to her breasts, cupping the diminutive cones lightly.
The nipples, the one truly extraordinary feature of them, blossomed as they pressed into her palms. The crimson puffy aureoles were like strawberries, jutting way out from the little mounds of flesh they dominated. If it wasn't for her nipples she might almost be able to pass for a boy, she mused, especially if she was on her back.
Her eyes strayed downward, to the thick triangle of flaming red hair at her delta, and her hand followed her eyes, first raking through the dense bush before her fingers stroked the outer edges of the triangle where the stubble had grown since she trimmed last.
Leaning toward the mirror, Penny grabbed a razor and deftly shaved the hairs that grew in places that wearing a bathing suit would expose, and then examined her work. Just then, car doors closed outside, and Penny turned off her bedroom light as she heard footsteps coming up the driveway.
A minute later, Rick and her mother came into the house, and after a few giggles from out in the kitchen she heard the two of them come down the hall while she leaned on the bedroom door and listened.
"Penny have a date tonight?" she heard Rick ask her mother.
"Don't think so. She doesn't go out much..." her mother said as their voices went silent when they went into her mother's bedroom.
Penny pulled her nightie on and after waiting several minutes, peeked down the hall. At the bottom of the door, the bedroom light in her Mom's room went out, and then Penny crept down the hall on little cat feet.
***
"Oh - oh - oh!" Penny heard her mother grunt several times as she pressed her ear against her Mom's bedroom door, and Penny tried to imagine what Rick was doing to her.
After a minute of listening to her mother moaning, the bed squeaked even louder, and then Penny heard her mother groan, sounding like she just had the breath knocked out of her.
From then on, the sounds were a symphony from the other side of the door. The squeaking bed frame and her Mom grunting, "Oh!" became a rhythm of sorts, and then a thump that sounded like the bed hitting the wall joined in along with a deep bass voice grunting.
Penny had her hand between her own legs when her mother let out a muffled squeal, and then another one as the squeaking and thumping got louder and faster. A series of guttural grunts - that had to be Mrs. Cole thought Penny - and her mother whimpering, "Omigod!" over and over again followed.
Penny bit her tongue as she came along with her mother, now leaning against the door frame so she didn't fall right into the room, and then Rick groaned long and rather loud. Penny tried to keep her breathing silent as the squeaking stopped on the other side of the door, with only her Mom chanting "Omigod" several times before falling silent.
Snapping out of what felt like a trance, Penny hurried back into her room and closed the door behind her, her heart racing once again. What was she doing? What had she been thinking?
***
Penny was standing just inside of her bedroom, the door open as she stood in the doorway waiting. She had been standing there for over a half hour after returning to her room, the nightie she had been wearing now resting on a chair.
There hadn't been any noise coming from her mother's bedroom down at the other end of the hall for over an hour, and Penny thought that there was a real possibility that her Mom and Mr. Cole had fallen asleep after they had sex, but still Penny stood there, waiting.
This was a stupid idea, but the way Mr. Cole had spoken about their meeting the night before, it was as if he was expecting it to happen again. He had even suggested that perhaps she would be the one not wearing clothing, but this was way out of character for Penny, one of the most modest teenagers in the world.
When Penny heard her mother's bedroom door open, she started to do what she had planned to do, but she froze. What if it was her mother going to the bathroom instead of Rick? How could she explain being naked like this?
Throwing caution to the wind, Penny boldly stepped out into the hall, but the person going into the bathroom was already entering the room. Penny saw enough of the muscular and hirsute backside of the person to know that it sure wasn't Mom.
So Penny stood there, naked as the day she was born, and waited. Mr. Cole hadn't closed the door completely, so she could clearly hear the sound of him peeing into the bowl, as was the resulting flushing of the toilet and the brief turning on of the faucet.
Suddenly, Penny decided that this was a stupid idea, and felt as naked as she was. Her hands came up to make a lame attempt to shield herself, one hand covering her sex and the other raised to her chest as Rick Cole emerged from the bathroom.
He didn't notice her. Since the bathroom was between the mother and daughter's bedrooms, he had turned to head back to bed. Relieved in one sense, disappointed in another, Penny started to lower her hands as Rick reached the door, but as his hand touched the knob he looked back down the hall and froze in place, staring at her.
They stared at each other, both of them seeming to be unable to move as they faced each other naked in the dimly lit hallway. Finally, Rick made a step in Penny's direction, and she turned to move back into her bedroom.
"Wait," Rick Cole whispered when she saw Penny begin to duck back into her room, and he stopped moving closer for a second.
That seemed to stop Penny's flight, but when he made a couple more tentative steps towards her, she bolted, jumping back into the safety of her bedroom as he approached.
"Penny," came the soft voice from the hall. "Let me in honey."
Penny said nothing, her entire body shaking as she stood behind the locked door.
"Don't be scared, Penny," Mr. Cole said softly. "I won't hurt you. Let me in."
Penny shook her head no, an absurd thing to do since he couldn't see her, but she was so rattled that she wasn't thinking straight.
"Penny," Rick Cole whispered after a couple of minutes passed. "Okay. I won't come in then. I swear. Just open the door a bit so I can talk to you."
Penny's hand started to move toward the lock and then paused while she cursed herself for even doing that. Finally, she turned the lock and opened the door a few inches, knowing that if he wanted to he could simply push his way inside.
"Thank you," Mr. Cole said. "You really don't have to be afraid of me, you know."
"I'm not," Penny replied meekly as she looked up at Mr. Cole's eye a foot above her head.
"Good. Because you shouldn't be. After all, we both want the same thing. You just proved that to me."
"Sorry," Penny whispered. "I'm sorry. Don't know why I did that. Just trying to be funny."
"No you weren't," Mr. Cole said, leaning just a bit against the door to open the gap another inch or two. "You were trying to show me how beautiful you were. You didn't have to do that, because I already knew how sexy you were, but I loved it. You're even more beautiful than I thought.
"I'm not beautiful."
"Yes you are. You're beautiful and sexy, and for some reason you're home on a Saturday night when you should be out having fun," Mr. Cole said. "Sure you don't want to let me in?"
"No."
"I won't touch you. I just want to look at you better. The light's kinda dim out here. In your room, I could look at you some more, and you could look at me again if you wanted. You seemed to like looking at me last night."
"I can't," Penny sniffed. "My Mom..."
"Okay then," Rick said. "Thank you for giving me one of the biggest thrills of my life though. Maybe the next time I stay over you can surprise me again. Okay?"
"Okay," Penny responded, and then the pressure on the door went away and Penny heard Mr. Cole walk down the hall.
"Omigod," Penny said aloud to herself and she closed the door and locked it. "You're an idiot, Penny Walton."
***
Penny Walton sat in front of her make-up mirror, idly running the brush through her shoulder length red hair as she replayed what had happened late last night.
Those things her mother's boyfriend Rick had said to her still resonated in her mind, and even though she knew that he had to be just teasing her, the fact remained that he had said them.
She had heard those things before from other kids just trying to get into her pants, and the lines had even worked for Mike Brown when he broke her cherry on the night of her senior prom, but this was different.
Rick Cole wasn't some pimple faced kid in need of someone besides themselves to play with their dick, he was a man. A man who owned a business and could get just about any girl he wanted. Hell - he was screwing her Mom, Penny thought, and her mother hadn't been with anybody besides Dad since she was Penny's age.
Rick looked a little like the guy who played Rocky in those old boxing movies. Ruggedly good-looking, and Penny's heart skipped a beat when she remembered his muscular physique out in the hall. Those arms - that chest - and that...
"Morning," came the voice behind her, and Penny jumped when she saw Rick Cole standing behind her, and she realized he must have been there watching her before she noticed him.
"Sorry Penny," Rick said, picking up the hairbrush that Penny had dropped when he startled her. "The door was ajar and I said hello. Guess you were daydreaming."
"Uh- yeah," Penny answered, feeling naked even though she was wearing a nightie.
"Your Mom just went into the bathroom," Rick said. "She's going to take a shower, so I thought that this might be a good time for us to have a little talk."
"Relax," Rick said, smiling as Penny tried to nonchalantly cover herself even though the nightie was plain white and not that revealing. "Besides, you showed me everything last night."
"Um - you said that the hallway was dark," Penny mumbled as Rick knelt down behind her, and even on his knees he was still a little taller than her sitting down.
"It was, but I have 20/20 vision," Rick informed Penny, putting his hand on her slender shoulder, the pale skin broken only by a dusting of freckles. "And I meant what I said - you're so gorgeous that you drive me wild."
"Mr. Cole," Penny said in a quivering voice, looking up into the mirror at their reflection, and her body shivered as he brought his hands down her reed-thin arms. "My Mom..."
"Will be in the bathroom for quite a while, and you know how long her showers are" Rick said in finishing Penny's sentence, running his meaty hands back up Penny's arms and grinning when he saw the trail of goosebumps that his touch had caused along the way. "And I thought you were going to call me Rick?"
"Sorry."
"After all, I haven't called you Peanut since you told me how much you hate it," Rick said, letting his hands continue gently stroking Penny's arms, her biceps so tiny that his thumb and index finger could encircle them easily.
"Thank you," Penny mumbled, trying to make her breathing sound normal.
"Hard to believe you're 18," Rick said, his minty breath making Penny's hair flutter as it landed on her neck.
"19 - um... I'm 19," Penny corrected.
"Right. 19," Rick said, mindful only of the fact that 18 was the magic number as far as he was concerned, and the fact that she didn't look 19 or 18 only made her more desirable to him. "That's not an insult, and you can keep brushing your hair, you know."
"I'm done," Penny said as she set down the brush, and from outside her room she heard her mother turn on the shower.
"Too bad. You looked so pretty running that brush through your hair," Rick said. "Who's Mike?"
"Huh?"
"Mike," Rick repeated as he nodded up to the corner of the mirror, where a faint reminder of where she had written his name back when she thought she was in love still left a very faint image.
"Oh. He was just a boy."
"Lucky boy," Rick said, looking down over Penny's shoulder, trying to look down the front of Penny's nightie, but while the fabric was against her chest he could see her nipples pushing against the fabric. "You dump him?"
"Yeah. Sorta," Penny said, even though it had been the other way around.
"Was he your first?"
"Boyfriend?" Penny asked.
"No. I mean was he the first boy you had sex with?" Rick asked.
"Mr. Cole..."
"Rick," he reminded her. "Don't worry. It's not like I'm going to tell your mother or anything. I'm just curious."
"Yes," Penny heard herself saying, despite not intending to answer him.
"Was it good?" Rick asked, and when Penny shook her head he gently squeezed her shoulders.
"Too bad," Rick said. "What happened? Did it hurt?"
Penny nodded, Rick's breath on her back making her start to sweat.
"Was he big?"
"No," Penny replied. "Uh - about 5'10"."
"That's not what I meant," Rick said, smiling when he saw that Penny knew exactly what he meant and had been just being cute, something she did very well as far as he was concerned.
"No, I don't think so - not really," Penny said, wanting to say that while she thought so at the time, compared to what Rick had between his legs Mike wasn't anything approaching big. "Just - I dunno."
"I think I know," Rick said, leaning over Penny's bony shoulder and whispering in her ear as they looked at their reflections. "He was a boy trying to do a man's job. I'm not putting him down, mind you. I was a boy once myself."
"I'm not a boy anymore," he finished, leaning down and putting his lips on the pale shoulder and kissing her softly. "I'm a man, but you know that already now, don't you Penny?"
"Mr. - Rick," Penny said, starting to rise but staying put under Rick's firm but tender hold. "My Mom."
"We're going to make love, you know that, right?" Rick said, watching Penny's aquamarine eyes bulge at his words. "Not today. Maybe not next week, but we will. I can't wait."
"We - I can't," Penny protested. "My Mom..."
"She has nothing to do with it," Rick said. "I wanted you before last night, and now that I got a little peek at you, I have to have you."
Penny made a choking sound when she felt Rick's finger stroking her nipple through the nightie after his hand slipped off her arm. Just one finger, and as it stroked the bump Penny squirmed in her chair.
"Your breasts are amazing," Rick breathed. "Breasts so firm they defy belief, and your nipples are incredible. They're like strawberries begging to sucked on. So big and plump."
"Please," Penny whimpered as Rick slid his hands down her arms again before taking her wrists and lifting them up behind her head, making her swollen nipples clearly visible against the fabric.
"No... it's okay," Rick assured Penny when she tried to lower her arms, and when he asked her to link her fingers behind her neck, for reasons she could not explain, she did.
"So sexy," Rick sighed as his hands slid over the insides of Penny's arms, and as she shuddered uncontrollably they both watched his thumbs gently stroke the moist pockets of her armpits.
"Do you use that?" Rick asked, nodding toward the old electric razor that rested on a back corner of the make-up table.
"Sometimes. That was my Mom's," Penny replied. "She gave it to me but it doesn't work good."
"I know," Rick said as his thumbs ran over the peach fuzz that densely coated the tiny hollows of Penny's underarms. "Those old electric razors don't work as well as a good old blade and shaving cream. I'd be glad to shave your underarms for you myself if you'd like. Of course, they're sexy as hell just the way they are, just like the rest of you."
"Please," Penny repeated, for some reason unable to move or resist even though there was nothing to prevent her from stopping this.
"I especially liked seeing that you weren't one of those girls that shaves her pussy," Rick said while nibbling on Penny's neck. "Your bush is so thick and full - so womanly - is it as soft as it looked?"
"Damn," Rick said when the sound of the shower stopped just as his hands had slid down from Penny's underarms on their way to find out exactly how soft her pubic hair was.
"We'll continue this next weekend," Rick said, straightening up and moving toward the door. "You aren't afraid of me any more, are you Penny?"
"Good," Rick said after Penny sat motionless in response. "Although I have to admit that I'm a little afraid of you, and of how you make me feel, although you probably don't believe me."
"Now what am I going to do with this at church with your mother?" Rick said with a laugh, gesturing with his hands at the obscene bulge that went down the inside right leg of his slacks before he gave Penny an air kiss and stepped out of her bedroom.
"What have I done?" Penny said to her mirror, her face red and streaked with the beads of sweat rolling down her face.
Penny waited until Rick and her mother were in the car and leaving the driveway before she stood up and lifted her nightie, exposing her sex. The hair around her labia was much darker than the rest of the fur, because it was wet.
Dripping wet, as the droplets were clearly visible hanging on the ends of some of the hairs, and as Penny found out after she went onto her back in the bed and slipped a couple of fingers inside of herself, she was even wetter in there.
***
"You're shitting me, Penny Walton!" her friend Janice Swank insisted after making Penny repeat the story about the times she had seen her Mom's boyfriend out in the hall and at her make-up table.
The two of them were in Penny's bed, giggling in the near-darkness. Janice had come for a sleep-over, and while that wasn't all that unusual, the reason this time was different. Penny had asked - almost begged - for her friend to come over because she was afraid. Afraid of Rick, and of herself.
"No, I'm not kidding," Penny said. "I wish I was. Out in the hall, letting him see me like that? That was wrong, and now he thinks I'm interested in him."
"Well, you are, aren't you?" Janice asked. "Don't even try to lie to me. You've got the hots for him, and he wants you too. I could tell just in the few minutes I saw you two together, and if you don't want him, I sure as hell do."
"You want everybody," Penny scoffed, knowing her friend's promiscuous nature, so much different than her own.
"I guess," Janice said. "How big was his cock?"
"I don't know. It's not like I ran over and measured it. It was big."
"How big?" Janice insisted. "Show me. This big?"
Janice held her hands a few inches apart, and Penny shook her head no, so Janice spread them further apart and continued to do so until Penny stopped shaking her head.
"Fuck!" Janice hissed as she looked at how far her hands were apart. "And that was limp? Of course, he could be a shower instead of a grower, but who the fuck cares? He's a fucking hunk!"
"Think they're going to do it tonight?" Janice continued.
"I dunno. They do it every night he stays over."
"Wanna go listen?" Janice asked, and even after Penny protested, Janice still dragged her friend out of bed and down the hall.
Penny's mother's bedroom was dark, but as the two of them listened there were a few subtle noises that had Janice biting her lower lip. Penny looked at her chubby friend, with her boobs swaying under her nightshirt as she bounced on her toes and listened.
"Your Mom is giving him head," Janice whispered excitedly into Penny's ear, and Penny nodded as she brought her finger to her lips while the slurping sounds continued.
Mr. Cole said something that Penny couldn't make out but apparently Janice could, because even in the darkened hallway Penny could see her friend's eyes bug out.
"I can't baby," came Penny's mother's voice through the door as the sucking stopped.
"Why not?" Rick said. "You said you never did it before. You'll like it."
"Please Ricky," Diane Walton said. "I could never - you're way too big."
"I'll be gentle," Rick Cole promised.
"Maybe some other night Ricky," Penny's Mom said. "Please?"
Some squeaking of the bed followed, and then came the familiar sounds of Penny's mother yipping softly while the bed groaned along with Rick. Janice was squirming as her hand went below her nightshirt, and after Mrs. Walton came and the bed kept groaning louder and louder, Janice grabbed Penny and dragged her back to her bedroom.
"OMIGOD!!!" Janice hissed as they closed the door behind them. "That was the most amazing thing I ever heard. Did you hear what he wanted her to do?"
"No, you were making too much noise wiggling and whispering."
"He wanted to fuck your Mom in the ass," Janice explained. "And she said no. Sounded afraid."
"Well, duh!" Penny said.
"I would," Janice said as she squirmed against the back of the door and grabbed at her tits while rolling her eyes. "He could fuck me anyway he wanted. You're a fool not to take him up on it too, Penny Walton."
"I'm not going to do anything with my mother's boyfriend," Penny insisted.
"All that out there," Janice said. "Really made me - you know."
Penny's nightie came up over her head, just like she knew it would when she saw the look in her friend's eyes, and in a second they were in Penny's bed. They didn't do this as much as they used to, but Penny was just as turned on as her friend was, so she pulled her plump friend's shirt off as they rolled onto the bedding.
Janice's breasts were large and full, and overwhelmed Penny's hands as she squeezed them while Janice's sucked on Penny's perky cones. Their hands went between each other's legs, and when Janice's fingers explored Penny's furry grotto she found her dripping wet.
Penny found that Janice was wet too, when she rolled around and straddled her friend's face before dipping her face into Penny's flaming red bush and began licking.
Penny stared at the gaping valley of Janice's sex, the large labia wide open and fully exposed because Janice shaved her pussy. Janice lowered herself onto her friend's face and they tongued each other's cunts until they both came.
"You gotta do it," Janice said as they ended up in each other's arms, hugging each other as they basked in the afterglow.
"Can't," Penny said just before sleep overcame her.
"I will if you won't," Janice said softly as her petite lover and best friend dozed in her embrace, Penny's tiny breasts pressing against her full globes. "I will."
Janice stood in the doorway, much like her friend Penny must have last week as she waited for Mrs. Walton's bedroom door to open. Penny was snoring lightly, dead to the world as Janice kept watch at the door. The taste of her friend's pussy was still in her mouth, further inflaming the chubby teen as she waited.
Janice had been standing there for a half hour, but she knew she would wait all night if she had to, because while Janice Swank liked pussy, she adored cock, and after listening to this hunk Rick Cole fucking Penny's mother, she wanted him bad.
Then, mercifully the bedroom door opened, and Janice stepped out into the hall. It was Rick Cole, but while Janice was naked Rick Cole was wearing pajama bottoms. The rest of him was awesome, Janice thought as they moved toward the bathroom together. He had muscular arms, a big broad chest and was as hairy as a bear. Janice was already wet when he looked up and saw her.
"Go ahead," Rick Cole said as they stood on opposite sides of the bathroom door. "Ladies first."
"I ain't no lady," Janice said with a smile.
"You seem to have forgotten your clothes - Janice wasn't it?"
"Yeah. I hear that happens a lot around here. People walking around naked. How come you aren't?"
"I'm modest," Rick said with a girl, his eyes taking in the hourglass shape of Penny's friend only briefly before looking back up.
"See anything you like?"
"You're a very attractive young girl," Rick said politely.
"Woman," Janice corrected. "Penny, she's a girl, even though we're both 19. You know what I mean?"
"I guess. I've really got to go, so if you don't mind..."
"I'll join you," Janice said, inviting herself into the bathroom and closing the door behind them.
"You're not very shy, are you Janice" Rick deduced.
"You don't get what you want unless you go after it," Janice said. "Here, let me help you."
Brazenly, Janice sidled up next to Mrs. Walton's boyfriend and reached into the fly of his pajamas. After a minute of fumbling, the plump brunette pulled a cock that even made her gasp.
"Damn," Janice sighed as she held the long bronze hose in her hand, pointing the massive organ toward the porcelain bowl. "Thought maybe Penny was exaggerating, because she hasn't seen a whole lot of them."
"And you have, I take it?" Rick said as he looked down on the squat teen with the big tits and no inhibitions.
"Enough to know that this is one motherfucking big cock," Janice stated, giggling when she felt the rush of urine race through the meaty organ on the way to the toilet.
Janice lightly tugged on Rick's cock as it continued letting loose with a raging torrent of pee, feeling the warmth of the spongy penis in her sweaty palm. When Rick finally finished, Janice shook the floppy organ several times, and then continued to shake it.
"Isn't it something like, shake it more than twice and you're playing with it?" Janice giggled. "Guess I'm playing with it then."
"Thank you for your help, Janice," Rick said, taking his dick back from the teen and flushing the toilet. "I'll wash my hands, even though you did all the dirty work."
"It was my pleasure," Janice said. "Here, we can wash each other's hands."
Janice squirted some soap in her palm and rubbed it all over their hands, and as the suds rose up Rick looked down at the young woman leaning against him.
"Don't I turn you on, Mr. Cole?"
"You're a very pretty young woman," Rick said as their hands rinsed off. "But I have somebody that I'm very interested in already.."
"Who? Mrs. Walton or Penny?" Janice asked. "What do either one of them have that I don't have? I've got everything they have, and more."
Rick dried his hands on the towel as he smiled politely, giving the body a last look over. Janice was a cute enough thing, even if she could use some time in the gym, and she did have a lot of what a lot of guys want, but not what he craved.
"Don't you like my tits?" Janice asked, pressing her arms together a bit to accentuate the deep cleavage. "I'm a double D cup - all natural too."
"Very impressive," Rick said softly in a detached voice as he glanced down at the huge breasts that Janice was flaunting in front of him before meeting her eyes with his again.
"What you wanted Penny's mother to do," Janice blurted out, holding Rick's bulging bicep as he moved past her on his way to the door. "I'll do it."
"I'm sorry?" Rick said, pausing at the doorway. "What do you mean?"
"You know what I mean," Janice said, looking up at the man how was almost a foot taller than she was. "You wanted to fuck Mrs. Walton in the ass but she wouldn't. I will. I like it in the ass. Never did it with anybody hung like you, but I'm not scared. I've got a nice big ass. Solid too, not flabby. Want to feel it?"
"Not nice to listen to people's private times," Rick smiled as he left. "After all, I didn't listen to you and Penny eating each other out. Good night, Janice."
Rick went back behind the safety of Diane Walton's bedroom door while Janice fought back a tear before rejoining her friend in bed.
In the morning, Janice was already dressed when Penny woke up. She had already been out in the kitchen, where Rick Cole had greeted her like nothing had happened earlier that morning, and after offering Janice a cup of coffee, said he had to run to check on a construction project and left.
"What's up?" Penny said as she squinted at her friend who had gone back to the bedroom after Rick left. "You usually don't get up until noon."
"Couldn't sleep."
"What's wrong?" Penny asked, but even after Janice insisted everything was fine, Penny kept pressing her friend.
"What you did last weekend," Janice blurted out suddenly. "I did it. I waited until Rick went to the bathroom and I ambushed him."
"You did?" Penny asked, her voice echoing shock and maybe something else. "Naked?"
"Yeah. I was. He wasn't. I followed him into the bathroom. I even took his dick out and held it while he peed."
"He made you do that?"
"No, I just did it for him. Took out his dick and held it for him. I think he was too shocked to stop me."
"Then what?" Penny asked.
"I told him he could do anything he wanted to me," Janice confessed. "Even fuck me in the ass."
"And?" Penny asked, her stomach tightening up in knots as she watched her friend squirming again.
"He wouldn't," Penny said. "He said that he was already really interested in somebody, and when I asked him whether that was you or your Mom, he didn't answer."
"Oh," Penny said softly.
"I'm sorry. Are you mad at me?" Janice asked, and Penny shook her head no.
"Would you have been mad if he actually did me?" Janice continued. "I was going to make up stuff, because it's kinda embarrassing to tell a guy that you'll do anything to him and he turns you down."
"He's my mother's boyfriend," Penny said yet again. "I'm not interested and he's probably just playing with my head."
"I don't think so, babe," Janice said as she sat on the bed and put her arm around her friend. "He wants you."
"And if you don't do it, you're crazy," Janice concluded as she stood up. "I held that cock of his for a minute and I'm in love. It's the most gorgeous thing I've ever seen. He's like a Greek God or somebody like you see statutes of, only bigger. A lot bigger."
***
"Everybody else left, I see," Diane Walton said as Penny joined her in the kitchen later.
"Yeah, Janice has to work, and Mr. Cole..."
"He's got a problem at that site he's building those condos on," Penny's mother said. "So, what do you think of Rick?"
"He's okay. Why, Mom?"
"Just curious. He seems very fond of you."
"How do you feel about him, Mom?"
"I'm - I'm almost afraid to say it," Diane Walton said, sipping her coffee as she pulled her bathrobe around her like she had a chill. "He's - I don't know - he's really nice. I like being with him. He's so much different than your father, and I don't mean anything bad by that. You know I respect your Dad very much, it's just that Rick is..."
"Different," Penny said, finishing her mother's thought. "I know."
"I thought that when your father and I split up, that I would never find anyone again. When you get old..."
"You're not old, Mom."
"Older. When you get older you get insecure, but Rick - he seems to like me, and I - I think I'm falling in love with him."
"That's great, Mom," Penny said, smiling as wide as she could manage.
"Of course, I'm going to have to start going to the gym again and get into shape, because frankly, even though he's a couple of years older than me," Diane confessed as she lowered her voice. "He's wearing me out."
Penny laughed along with her mother, who then grew somber for a moment.
"What would you say if Rick moved in with us?" Penny's mother asked tentatively. "I mean, I haven't asked him or anything, and don't know what he would say, but it's just that you'll be out on your own soon, most likely, and with me here by myself this place would seem so..."
"Mom!" Penny said with a smile. "It's your house, and you can do what you want."
"I just wanted to ask, because if you had a problem with it, I won't ask," Mrs. Walton concluded. "I mean, I know it would be different having a man round after these last few years."
It sure would, Penny said to herself as she tried to imagine having Rick Cole going past her bedroom door several times a day. It would be very different.
***
"Off to work I see."
Rick Cole's voice made Penny jump as she walked past the garage on her way to the car, and as she looked inside she saw her mother's boyfriend sitting on a bench doing something to an old door that used to be on the side door of the garage.
"Didn't mean to scare you," Rick said, setting the hammer down and looking at his girlfriend's daughter.
Penny's red hair grew even more brilliant in the sunlight, and as she ducked inside the garage Rick's eyes adjusted to look at the tiny teen all dressed for work in her deep blue Best Buy blouse, with those little titties of hers thrusting out against the fabric.
"I thought you went to the store with Mom."
"Well, she wanted me to fix this door for her," Rick said. "Actually, I was going to come in an visit with you while she was gone. Too bad you have to go to work."
"Yeah," Penny said, her heart beating at the sight of Rick in a green tank top, with his bulging biceps and their rippling muscles making her glad she made it outside before he came in.
"I ran into your friend last night, or should I say earlier today," Rick said.
"She told me."
"She's quite the character," Rick said, her wide smile showing Penny his perfect teeth. "You two must be really close."
"I guess."
"This house gets very interesting late at night," Rick suddenly said, enjoying Penny's startled reaction to his words. "Maybe next time she stays overnight I'll stand outside your bedroom door like you two did to me and you mother. I would have loved to have been a fly on the wallpaper when you two went at it afterward."
"We - I - she didn't tell you that, did she?" Penny stammered.
"No, but you just did," Rick chuckled as Penny blushed. "Don't be upset. Actually, the thought of you two getting it on makes me hot, even if she isn't my type."
"I - uh - gotta go to work," Penny said.
"I know," Rick said. "You have a nice day, and maybe I'll see you later tonight. How about a kiss goodbye?"
Rick covered the five feet between them in a second, and before Penny knew what was happening Rick had her in his arms, bending down and planting his lips on hers. Penny tried to push away for an instant but soon found herself not only letting him kiss her, but kissing him back.
His lips - so soft - Penny thought as his tongue worked into her mouth, and then she was dueling with it, melting in his arms as they kissed passionately. His hands were cupping her ass, pulling her into him, and she could feel his cock against her stomach as he ground into her.
"Drive carefully," Rick was saying, as Penny found herself standing alone while Rick went back to work.
On trembling legs Penny wobbled to her beat-up Camry, and after she drove away from sight she pulled to the side of the road and put her head against the steering wheel while trying to catch her breath.
"No," Penny said to the dashboard. "No."
***
Penny sat up in bed, her body jerking up to a sitting position even though she had been sound asleep, lost in the middle of a dream. The other character in that dream was standing in the doorway, her muscular body silhouetted by the night light out in the hallway behind him.
"Penny?"
"What?"
"Mind if I come in?" Rick Cole asked, and he was inside before Penny could answer.
"What do you want?" Penny asked, clutching the sheet around herself as she sat illuminated by the moonlight that streamed through the curtains.
"Isn't that obvious?" Rick replied. "Seriously, I just wanted to talk."
"About what?"
"Things," Rick said.
"Could you cover yourself up at least."
"How's this?" Rick asked as he knelt down on the carpet beside Penny's bed.
"What if Mom comes in and sees you like this?"
"Then I guess we better keep our voices down. I wouldn't worry about that though. I think I wore her out earlier though," Rick chuckled. "How come you didn't come down and listen?"
"I'm not going to do that anymore," Penny said. "That was really wrong of me."
"I can't speak for your mother, but I don't mind," Rick confessed. "To be honest, I enjoy an audience. It's the exhibitionist in me I guess."
"Um... how did you know?" Penny asked. "That I didn't go down there."
"I could see the shadows at the bottom of the door," Rick advised. "I saw your feet down there that first time, and then I saw you and your friend the last time. That was hot. You liked it too. Don't be ashamed, admit it."
"Still wasn't right."
"Lay back down, Penny," Rick said as he put his hand on Penny's sheet-covered shoulder as eased her down onto her back. "You're very tense. Relax. Now let's get this off of you. It's hot in here."
Rick took the bed-sheet and slowly pulled it down off of Penny, the sensation of the cotton against the satin of Penny's nightie making the girl shiver as it went down her body.
Rick was breathing just as hard as Penny was as he looked over Penny's waif-like body. The nightie went down to mid-thigh, exposing her pale, petite legs but hiding her pussy from his eager eyes, although he could smell the aroma of her sex, fresh and yet feral.
"Nobody has the right to be so beautiful," Rick sighed as he put his hand on her satin covered tummy and made gentle circular motions while looking at Penny, who was staring up at the ceiling. "You're so precious looking that I can't stop thinking about you."
Penny shook her head, her mind filled with boys that either wouldn't give her a second look or only went to her if no one else was around, and now this man, this successful business with movie star looks was saying things that she never heard before outside of a Danielle Steel novel.
Rick moved his hand slowly up from Penny's stomach, pausing just below her chest, which was going up and down so fast it was frightening to watch. Along the satin his fingers wet, until they rested on the tiny bump that was her nipple. As fat as a strawberry, the plump blossom rose from her little bullet-like tit and seemed to begging for his touch.
Rick's fingers surrounded the strawberry, and to his - and Penny's surprise - when he softly squeezed it she did not stop him. Amazingly, the already impossibly plump nipple swelled even more in his grasp.
"No," Penny wheezed as his fingers plucked on her swollen nipple like a virtuoso toying with a violin string, and just when she thought she could stand no more, the hand slid up and caressed the pale skin above the neckline of her nightie.
"You don't know what you're doing to me."
"I'm not doing anything," Penny whimpered.
"Then stop me," Rick said, his hand moving back down and rubbing the modest swells of her breasts again. "Scream, or do something."
"You feel so soft," Rick continued, his hand going over to stroke her arm, his rough hands dancing over the smooth skin, and when he took Penny's wrist as lifted it up behind her head she did not resist.
"What..." Penny gasped as Rick leaned over towards her, so close that she could feel the warmth of his body against her skin.
"You smell so sweet," Rick sighed, and as Penny looked over she saw Rick's face so close to her he could feel his breath.
"I know you'll taste even better," he said just before Penny saw his tongue press against her skin and felt his tongue slide lazily through her moist underarm, from her side right up to the inside of her bicep and then back down again.
"Did you shave just for me?" Rick asked as his lips brushed against the buttery smooth skin of her underarm.
"No," Penny lied, her voice shivering as if she was in a meat locker instead of a sweltering bedroom.
Now Rick's mouth was on the satin, his teeth nibbling at the swollen bud, and Penny looked over and saw Rick's shoulder moving, although his arm was hidden from her view.
"What are you doing?" Penny asked.
"I'm not going to make a mess, if that's what you're worried about," Rick said, stopping the scraping of his teeth on her long enough to answer. "I would like it better if you did it."
"Please don't - not any of this," Penny finally said.
"You want me to leave?"
"Yes," Penny answered after a brief pause. "I like you, and you make me feel real good about myself, but I can't. If my Mom..."
"Okay, I'll leave," Rick said, rising to his feet, and Penny couldn't help to see his erection swaying in front of him like a diving board. "I'm going down to the family room. If you want, you can join me. Just close your bedroom door and your mother won't know you're down there."
"But what about you? She'll know you're somewhere."
"She knows I'm nocturnal and I get up a lot during the night and even step outside when I'm restless," Rick explained, the near darkness hiding his amusement at watching Penny's eyes following his bouncing cock. "The floors squeak so if she wakes up and comes looking for me we'll hear her in plenty of time."
"Can't," Penny said as Rick went to the door.
"Up to you," Rick said. "I'll be down there if you change your mind."
The door closed behind Rick and Penny stayed on her back in the bed, determined to stay right where she was until she fell asleep.
***
"Mister...," Penny said at first, before catching herself. "Rick?"
Once she got past the stairwell and turned the corner, the family room was pitch black and quiet. Penny was relieved, because this was a bad idea from the start. Now she could go back to her room with a clear conscience.
"Hi Penny."
The voice and the clicking of the light that accompanied Rick's greeting made Penny jump, and when the light went on Penny saw Rick on the sofa, on his back with his arm still up next to the switch of the lamp behind him. The 3-way bulb was on the lowest setting, but even the dim 25 watts were enough to illuminate Penny's mother's boyfriend, who was reclining leisurely on his back.
"Come on over. I don't bite," Rick said. "You can kneel next to the couch if you want."
"That's fine too," Rick said when Penny sat on the coffee table that was parallel with the sofa, and as Penny sat she pulled down her nightie and sat with her legs together, trying to keep Rick from seeing.
"My Mom really likes you," Penny sniffed.
"And I like her too," Rick said. "I think we all like each other. You like me, don't you Penny?"
"Yes," Penny said, her eyes betraying her every time she tried not to look at Rick's erection, which was arched back onto his furry stomach.
It looked even scarier erect than it had when she saw the flaccid version in the hall that night. The underside looked like a tree trunk with the skin straining like roots from the spot between his cock and balls, and the brown shaft seemed to be throbbing. The skin on the bulbous crimson-hued head of his organ seemed so taut that it might burst any second as well.
"I said," Rick repeated after clearing his throat, "That I'm glad you like me and I'm really glad you came down to see me like I asked."
"I just wanted to tell you that I can't hurt my Mom. You're a really good looking guy and you really know how to say the right things and all, but I can't hurt my Mom," Penny said with conviction.
"I don't want to hurt her either," Rick responded. "This is just between you and me. You want me - maybe not as bad as I want you because that's impossible, but you want me. Come over here and touch me. You don't have to do anything else. I promise."
"That's it," Rick said as Penny eased down to her knees on the couch, and he sighed when Penny put her petite hand on his chest. "There. Not so bad, right?"
"Guess not."
"Your friend didn't think so either."
"She told me what she did to you."
"That wasn't my idea."
"I know. She told me everything, at least I guess she told me everything."
"Nothing happened, if that's what you mean. She helped me take a leak, but she had grabbed me before I could stop her, so I didn't want to hurt her feelings," Rick explained. "You know what I was thinking when she was holding my cock?"
"No."
"All I was thinking of was you. Why can't this be Penny's hand on me?" Rick explained
"I'll bet."
"When your friend Janice was holding my cock I was as limp as a dishrag every second," Rick said. "Am I limp now?"
Penny's eyes darted down past her hand on his chest to where Rick's cock strained towards her, the skin taut as it seemed to throb as a result of her looking at it.
"Touch it," Rick said, almost pleading. "Just for a minute. Just hold it."
Rick took a sharp intake of air as Penny's hand landed on the underside of his cock, halfway down the shaft, and as he watched her tiny hand take a light hold of him he groaned.
"Look," Rick said. "Look what you do to me."
Penny was already looking at the milky pre-cum oozing out of the tip of his cock, and as she stared she saw Rick squirting some lotion on her hand and his member.
"Please baby," Rick pleaded. "You've played around with other guys. You know how to do it, don't you? Help me get off Penny. Please?"
Penny could hardly believe what she was doing as she lifted the heavy cock off of Rick's stomach and actually started moving her hand up and down the greased shaft. Her hand only made it a little more than half way around the thick organ, so she started to spin her hand around his manhood as she pumped it.
"Oh man!" Rick moaned as Penny's hand slid up and down his cock, and even though he hadn't begged for a hand job this was worth it. "So good."
"Can't."
"Why? Is Janice coming over?" Rick asked, the thought of that busty chick and Penny going at it in front of him sending a tingle in his crotch.
"No, it's just not right."
"It seemed alright last weekend," Rick suggested. "You made me cum so good, but I never let a woman walk away from me unsatisfied. Never. So the way I figure it you owe me one."
Rick's hands kneaded Penny's breast buds roughly while his stiff cock pressed into her back, and he could feel the girl melting in his arms as he manipulated her. Don't come into the house, Rick thought - trying to send a telepathic message to Penny's Mom out in the garden. Give me ten more minutes and I'll have my cock in her.
As if the message got through, Diane Walton got up from her gardening and headed toward the house, unintentionally saving her daughter from further groping.
"Tonight. Midnight," Rick reminded Penny, figuring that he would have pounded her mother into the headboard by 11 and she would be sleeping like a baby soon after.
***
Penny heard Rick behind her right after she made the turn into the family room, and as his hands slid all up and down her nightie she found herself leaning back into him. He was naked, and seconds later Penny had the nightie pulled over her head.
"Have to get you some different nighties," Rick said as he moved Penny over onto the sofa, under the soft light.
"Please don't," Penny said. "I'll do you like I did last week."
"Later," Rick said, because while the hand job was fun last week, he had his sights set higher tonight. "First I want to make you happy."
Rick had Penny on her back on the couch before the girl knew what was happening, and now in the light he was able to see Penny clearly for the first time. She didn't look as fantastic as she did in the hallway, she looked even better.
The freckles on her shoulders and upper chest, those strawberry-like nipples that begged to be sucked on, and that flaming red triangle of hair between her slender thighs were all even more magnificent now.
Rick's mouth flew to those perfect little titties, and after sampling them through the nightie, tasting them directly drove Rick wild. His eager mouth engulfed practically the entire breast, and judging from Penny's reaction, what they lacked in size they made up for in sensitivity.
Back and forth Rick went, sucking on her buds like a starving child, and then he kissed his way down to her belly button and below. The timberline of Penny's bush started just below her navel, and as Rick leered at the dense jungle of fiery curls he buried his face in the steamy forest, reveling in the joy of a naturally hairy woman.
The minute his tongue hit Penny's opening, which was easy to find despite the thick pelt of fur because of the wetness oozing out of it, Penny started writhing on the cushions, churning and squirming so violently that Rick had to wrap his hands around her boyish hips to keep her down.
Penny came fast, squealing into one of the sofa pillows that she had smartly grabbed to stifle her orgasm, but she was far from over. Rick kept licking up and down her opening, his nose sliding along the tight cavern walls while his tongue dabbed her clit mercilessly.
After she came a second time, Rick didn't stop, and instead cupped his hands under her little ass cheeks and lifted them off the sofa. Penny was so light that Rick felt he could have lifted her clean off the couch in that position, but instead he just teased her pussy with his tongue and lips.
Lifting Penny a little higher, he let his tongue slid up the perineum, licking the tender groove between her pussy and her anus, and there it was right in front of him. Penny's tiny puckered ring was pink and looked as virginal as the rest of her, with the little circle of red hairs around the opening adding to the erotic nature of it.
Rick's tongue slid along that wrinkled hole, causing Penny to lurch in surprise, leading Rick to believe that nobody had ever done that to her before, and that paled in comparison to her reaction when he dipped his tongue inside of her.
Looking up through Penny's bush, he saw her sweat covered torso no longer pale, but a ruddy pink, and that was when Rick got up onto his knees and up between Penny's legs, his cock in hand. He rubbed the head of his cock along the soggy channel, and was just about to plunge in when Penny suddenly lurched up.
"No - no!" Penny cried out, a little too loud for Rick's liking. "I can't."
"C'mon Penny," Rick pleaded. "You know you want it."
All of Rick's words fell on deaf ears. Penny clamped her legs together and refused no matter how hard he tried. She would not budge from her fetal position.
"You can't leave me like this," Rick said, standing up in front of the couch with his cock springing out in front of him, a rope of pre-cum hanging down off the tip almost to the floor.
"You know what I want," Rick told Penny as he pulled her up to a sitting position.
Penny stared at the monolith which waved inches away from her face, red and very angry looking. She took a deep breath and wiped that string of cum off of the end of his dick before grabbing the shaft in her fist and opening her mouth for the third cock in her life.
"It's not THAT big," Penny said to herself as she stretched her mouth wide to accommodate the bulbous head of his manhood, and while it was true that Rick's cock didn't grow as much proportionally as the other two guys had after becoming erect, it was silly to pretend that this was anything but huge.
"That's it baby," Rick was cooing as he ran his hands through her hair, encouraging her to take him deeper.
Penny winced when her teeth grazed the tender skin of Rick's sensitive member, and brought her other hand up to hold the shaft while she forced her mouth down further. With both hands on the shaft of Rick's cock, her mouth barely reached the rest of the way to meet them, but Rick seemed to be liking it.
"That's it baby," Rick said. "You're good. Real good. You give better head than your Mom does, you know that? Work my balls too."
Penny's brought one of her hands down and cupped his over-sized sac, rolling the heavy eggs in her palm while continuing to suck what she could manage of his massive cock in her mouth. All the while Rick was telling her how good she was doing, and even though her jaws were aching she kept at it.
"Oh yeah," Rick groaned, and for a minute Penny thought he was going to cum, but he was just encouraging her. "Suck that cock. It's not too big for you, is it? You give the best head ever. Imagine how nice I'll feel when I get this cock into her pussy."
The thought frightened and excited Penny, and for once she didn't protest. Penny didn't say no, she couldn't. She didn't tell Rick no, I can't hurt Mom. Penny didn't proclaim anything like that. What was the point?
As he mouth kept moving up and down the thick hunk of stiff meat, Penny knew that there was no sense saying no over and over. He was going to have sex with her eventually, He knew it and now finally Penny realized it. It was only a question of when, and as Penny's fists slid up and down Rick's cock, slicked with her spit, she also knew that if he wanted her right now, she would not protest.
He didn't though. not this time, and as he crouched down, guiding her face as she worked him over with fists and mouth, he let out a long moan.
"Oh sweetie - I'm gonna cum. Did you swallow the other guy's cum? I want to to swallow mine," Rick said, and when Penny only went faster in response he held back no longer as he spurted his seed down Penny's throat while she struggled to keep swallowing.
"That's my baby," Rick said after he finally stooped cumming, and as he brought the gasping girl to her feet he smothered her with kisses, telling her how good she was.
"You give the best head," Rick said, beaming like a proud papa as he held her pixie face in his hands and kissed her. "Thank you for not letting me make love to you this time."
"It gives us something special to look forward to next time," he explained as he held the diminutive young lady formerly known as Peanut close to him, their sweaty bodies slick against each other.
***
"Rick, we have to talk," Penny said as she cornered her mother's boyfriend as he puttered in the garage, doing more odd jobs for her Mom.
"Wow, you sound like my first wife," Rick kidded.
"I'm serious, Penny said. "Look, we really can't do - you know."
"Make love?" Rick asked. "Of course we can, and we will. This weekend."
"I can't. Really. I think Mom is going to ask you to move in with us."
"Now that would be interesting," Rick mused as he stared brazenly at Penny's perky titties and the apparent absence of anything supporting them for once. "You aren't wearing a bra, are you? You're really trying to drive me wild."
"They're in the wash," Penny said, crossing her arms across her chest. "I'm serious. Do you know Mom is in love with you?"
"I'm in love too," Rick said with a grin.
"You can't hurt Mom," Penny insisted. "She's already been hurt bad enough. I can't be a part of it."
"You're mad when you're beautiful, you know that?"
"That's not funny," Penny protested. "I'm not kidding. No more meeting downstairs or anyplace else."
With that, Penny marched off, back into the house while Rick watched her cute little butt wiggle away.
"We'll see," Rick said to no one. "We'll see."
***
"Got a minute?" Rick asked as he peeked his head into Penny's bedroom. "Your Mom is next door, if that's what you're worried about."
"Okay."
"Your mother just asked me to move in with you guys," Rick said. "She told me that she loves me, and hasn't felt like this since forever."
"Good," Penny said. "And you remember what I said."
"I do," Rick replied, smiling at the way Penny was asserting herself, even though she was going to lose. "I told her that I was crazy about her too, but had to think about it."
"Sounds fair," Penny said.
"Well, I have thought about it," Rick said. "And I think I'm going to tell her no."
"Oh?" Penny answered, relieved at not having to face Rick everyday of her life.
"Yes, and the more I thought about it, being here with you everyday would be too tough for both of us, so when she comes back I'm going to break up with her."
"WHAT?" Penny practically screamed. "Why? You can't do that?"
"Why not?"
"She loves you, that's why!"
"Just because somebody loves you doesn't mean you have to love them back, does it?" Rick asked.
"She's gonna just die," Penny said as her eyes filled up.
"She'll get by. She's spunky, like you."
"No she won't," Penny said, shaking her head as she remembered how bad she had taken Dad moving out, even though she had learned that he was fucking around behind her back all the while.
"Well, there is one alternative," Rick mused aloud.
"What? You mean - I told you I can't do that."
"Can't doesn't mean you don't want to," Rick observed. "You know you want me like I want you. It's your call whether I stay or go."
"Why do you want me?" Penny whined. "Mom's prettier than me, and if you want somebody, Janice drools over you."
"I don't want Janice, at least not for the time being. What I want is your mother, and you," Rick said, and although the thought of having the two of them together sometime had always been in his mind, he held his tongue for fear of really freaking Penny out.
"Look, I really like your Mom, but I'm a little too much for her. I can handle you both, believe me," Rick assured Penny. "We can all have the best of all possible worlds. Your Mom can have a husband, and a man around the house."
"You, on the other hand," Rick said. "Could have a father..."
"I have a father," Penny responded.
"Haven't seen him around much."
"He's - busy," Penny sniffed.
"Right. Anyway, you could not only have a father, but you could also have a lover. Someone who will take care of you in every possible way."
"Mom would find out. We would slip up."
"No we wouldn't," Rick said.
"You don't even know if I'm any good - you know."
"In bed?" Rick said. "I know how good you are going to be. You're a little firecracker, Peanut. There's lot of woman inside that little body just ready to explode. You aren't a scared kid on Prom night anymore, and I'm not some goofy amateur either. We would be so good together."
"Hello? Somebody want to give me a hand with this stuff?" called out Penny's mom from downstairs. "Mrs. Enos gave me a bunch of things for the church garage sale."
"Wait!" Penny said. Don't do it. Don't break up with her. Please."
"Does that mean..."
"Let me think about it. Just for a little bit."
"Fair enough Penny," Rick said. "You let me know."
Rick headed down to help Penny's mother, whistling a happy tune, because he knew what the answer was, because he had a sixth sense about things like this.
That night, his clairvoyance was proved correct.
"Okay," Penny whispered when her mother left the kitchen to go to the bathroom.
"Okay what, Peanut?" Rick asked, reverting to her nickname for the time being.
"I'll do it."
"Do what?"
"Have sex with you."
"You're making it sound like a death sentence. I'm not forcing you to do anything."
"I know."
"I want you to do this because you want to, Peanut."
"I do want to."
"Say it."
"I want you to make love to me."
"What else?"
"Anything you want."
"Why?"
"Because I think I love you Rick," Penny said, her bottom lip trembling.
"As much as I love you?" Rick asked.
"I think so."
"This Saturday night," Rick said. "I want you to tell your mother that you're going to sleep over at Janice's house. I'll have an emergency come up at the condo site. We'll meet somewhere. I want this to be special for both of us."
"I'm scared."
"I know you are. Me too."
"Please Rick. One thing. Don't call me Peanut anymore."
"I won't. I'll call you my lover, my slut, my sweetheart - anything else but that? Okay?"
Penny nodded.
***
"You're a pig, Penny Walton," the redhead said to the image in the mirror of the bathroom as she looked at herself.
Penny was wearing the nightie that Rick had left on the bed of the motel room - Room 216 - she was in, and wearing the white baby doll nightie was like wearing nothing at all. You could see everything through the fabric; her nipples, stiffened from the feel of the fabric, were thrusting as if trying to burst through, and the flaming red triangle between her legs was glowing brightly.
"It's gonna happen," Penny said to the mirror. "You're going to have sex with your mother's boyfriend."
Despite all of her guilt and anguish, Penny knew one thing Rick had insisted on was true. She wanted to do it. Even though part of her felt like she was being coerced, Penny knew that was only giving her a way to justify what was going to happen.
From out in the motel room, Penny heard the sound of the door opening and then closing, and then the sound of Rick's voice calling her name made the hair on the back of her neck stand up straight. On rubbery legs Penny found the courage to turn away from the mirror and walk to the doorway of the bathroom.
***
"You have no idea how beautiful you look," Rick said as he walked toward Penny, who stood in the bathroom doorway frozen like a deer in the headlights.
Rick had left the bucket with the bottle of Champagne on the night table, and was now going moving toward the nubile teen as if in a trance. He embraced her, his hands sliding down the silky fabric until they found her pert buttocks, and as he kissed Penny he lifted her slightly off her feet.
The room spun around Penny as Rick's tongue danced with her own, and then she was being carried to the bed, whispering in her mother's boyfriend's ear, "I'm scared, Rick."
By the time they reached the bed Rick had worked the nightie off, and the tiny freckled body was bare before him. He looked down on Penny as he unbuttoned his shirt - and when he started fumbling with one of them he simply ripped the tailored shirt open, the remaining buttons flying all over the room.
"I want you so bad," Rick was saying as Penny watched his pants and boxers shorts come down, and the evidence of his desire was clear to see as his enormous erection swayed obscenely in front of him as he slid down on the bed.
Rick parted the slender thighs, exposing the thick red bush that grew well down between Penny's legs, and then he buried his face in the steaming triangle. He licked up and down the lips of her sex, and the more he tongued her the more Penny squirmed.
Rick glanced over at her tiny fingers clutching the sheets in a death grip, the little red stone of her high school ring twinkling in the light of the room. He had forgotten to dim the light on his way to his prey, so caught up was he in her innocent beauty, but that would have to wait, because now he was pulling himself up to her knees with the taste of her pussy making him crazy.
Her little tittles - pointing up proudly despite her being on her back, were heaving wilding with her heavy breathing, and she looked like she was about to cry even before he brought the bulbous head of his cock to the furry opening.
"Please don't hurt me," Penny sobbed when she saw what looked like a third leg nuzzling inside the lips of her sex.
"I'll be gentle honey - I swear I'll try," Rick said even though she could already tell that because of the tightness he was already feeling that trying not to likely wouldn't be enough.
"Ow!" Penny cried out, her body recoiling as he pushed his manhood into her warm wetness, and Rick stopped after squeezing the head of his tool into the narrow opening.
He had stopped more out of concern for his fear of cumming right away than for being worried about Penny, but then he continued to push inside as Penny's arched herself off of the bed, every tendon and muscle in her neck and arms now visible.
"Hurts," Penny whimpered, but she didn't say stop so he didn't, and after impaling the teen with about half of his member he looked down on Penny.
Her china white skin was moist with sweat already - both her own and what was dripping on her from above - and Rick bit his lip when Penny sniffed, "It's so - it's too big."
"It's fine. You're doing great," Rick said, the irony of the conversation making him smile.
It was just about the same thing Penny's mother had said that first time, and his reply was identical as well. The body below him was similar, although Penny's mother's tiny breasts didn't stand up like her daughter's did and her light brown bush was nowhere near as thick and full as Penny's crimson triangle was.
They were both equally tight though, and Rick was sure that the more he slowly worked himself deeper inside Penny, she would be begging for more before too long. Even now, Penny had stopped clutching the sheets are her hands were now clutching his forearms as he worked his cock in and out of her.
"Rick..." Penny gasped, her eyes as wide as saucers after he had eased the first four or five inches in and out of Penny, and after her pussy had begun to loosen up, it abruptly tightened as the teen cried out while she thrashed around underneath him as she came.
After Penny's body stopped convulsing Rick gently slid his cock all the way inside of Penny. causing her eyes to roll back in her head. He knew he wouldn't be able to last long, even moving as slowly and gently as he did, but as he felt his orgasm rising up within him he saw Penny start to cum again.
They came together, and after Rick filled Penny's tight orifice with his seed he looked down on the flushed and wet body he was sweating all over, he started to pull his deflating cock out of her.
"No," Penny said, holding onto his muscular arms in attempt to keep him close. "Don't."
"Okay," Rick said, perfectly content to let his member slid out on its own if that was what she wanted. "Wasn't too big after all, was it?"
"No," Penny said as she caught her breath and looked up at the man who had just taken her, and with her look they both knew that she was his. "It'll be easier the more we do it, won't it Rick?"
Rick nodded, smiling wide when he heard those words that confirmed everything about Penny he had already suspected, and the thought of her wanting to get used to taking him had it limp cock tingling inside of her already.
"Need help?" Rick asked as he watched Penny steady herself as she got to her feet.
"No - I'm okay," Penny said as she looked back to Rick on the bed as she waddled to the bathroom on unsteady legs looking much like she had just gotten off a horse, having come off the bed for the first time since she had been carried to it four hours earlier.
The last time they made love, unlike the previous two times, had been because of Penny's urging. She had insisted on it by climbing on top of Rick and insisting on it, and after a lot of manual and oral urging, he had managed to get it up once more.
After that, it was Penny who had straddled his cock and rode him like he was a horse, looking so good that Rick made her spin around and do him in the reverse cowgirl position so he didn't come too fast while watching her titties bounce.
It wasn't much easier looking at Penny from the rear, with that perfect waif body so cute. Her pale back had become red from being ground into the sheets, and as Rick enjoyed the sight of that pert little bottom bouncing up and down on him he wondered how long he could resist not asking for that last gift she had remaining to give him.
The shower went on in the bathroom, and after a couple of minutes Rick got up and went in to relieve himself. After finishing he heard Penny call out to him from behind the curtain.
"What's up Penny?"
"I fell down," Penny replied, and when Rick in panic hurriedly threw open the curtain to see what was wrong he saw that while Penny might have been on her knees, she had gone down there willingly.
"Need help getting up?"
"Maybe - in a while," Penny said as she reached out a hand to bring Rick into the tub with her.
"I wouldn't expect much," Rick said as Penny took his flaccid cock in her hands and began to lick and kiss his tender tool.
"We'll see," Penny said, her eyes twinkling as the shower spray rained down on her while her mouth opened wide.
***
Rick looked down at the scene on Penny's bed, and the sight made the cock he had been stroking throb in his grip. His girlfriend Diane was in bed, dead to the world after a combination of him power fucking her into the mattress for a half hour and her sleeping pill.
That had been the appetizer, and now Rick was in Diane's daughter's room for the main course. In the month that had passed since moving in, Rick Cole had virtual non-stop sex. If he wasn't drilling his new fiancee, he was stopping into Penny's room for action.
It had gotten so bad, or good, that Rick had been forced to start taking those little blue pills, because he couldn't say no to either of the Walton women. Tonight, or rather this morning, was one of Rick's last two remaining fantasies coming true before him.
The other fantasy, of having both Penny and her mother together, was one that Rick knew would likely always remain a fantasy, but when he had approached Penny with the other dream, to his surprise Penny had gone along with it.
"Under these conditions," Penny had explained to him after agreeing to it.
"Go ahead," Rick said.
"One thing is that you don't kiss Janice on the mouth. I don't care if you eat her pussy, suck on her asshole or chew her tits, but you don't kiss her on the mouth. That's only for me - and Mom."
"Fine."
"The other thing is that when you put it in her, you wrap that cock first," Penny insisted. "Get rubbers. They make big ones now, don't they? I don't care if you use a Hefty bag. Whatever."
"I was planning on it," Rick had said with a smile, removing the sleeve of Magnums that he had been holding. "All you have to do is talk Janice into it."
"Talk her into it?" Penny had said with a laugh. "You don't know Janice."
Indeed, one of the reasons that Penny had gone along with Rick's idea was that letting Rick fuck Janice would at least get her to stop bugging her about it. Ever since Penny had confided in her friend that she was screwing her mother's boyfriend, Janice had been begging for it, and it was clear how badly she wanted it after Penny explained what would happen.
"He's gonna watch you and me together first," Penny had said.
"That's cool," Janice had gushed. "It'll be like we're in a porn movie."
"Yeah," Penny said. "And then we're gonna get you ready for it."
"Cool."
"And then he's gonna fuck you in the ass."
"Yeah!"
"Nothing else," Penny cautioned.
"I know, I know already. You told me that 100 times."
"And no whining or chickening out either," Penny said. "Rick doesn't want to be babying you."
"Girlfriend, I've done way more stuff than you ever dreamed of," Janice said with that edge in her voice than Penny hated, always trying to make herself out to be more of a woman than her. "After we get done he'll be begging for mercy."
"Okay," Penny said with a smirk.
And now after Penny and Janice had rolled all over the bed for a half hour, Rick had signaled he was ready and together he and Penny had began prepping the Janice.
Penny held Janice's big ass cheeks open for him, exposing a tan puckered ring that was as hairless as her pussy was, and when Rick slid his finger in he was a bit shocked at how easily it went in. The chubby chick didn't even flinch when it went in and he spin it around.
"You do it babe," Rick said to Penny, and he pulled his finger out of Janice's ass and had Penny do it.
"Oh yeah," Rick said when he saw Penny's little finger pop in. "Give her another. Three. Oh yeah!"
"Ow!" Janice cried as Penny worked a second and then a third finger into her anus, and Rick chuckled at the almost demonic look on Penny's face as she did it.
"Eat that pillow and shut up," Penny hissed as she squeezed a fourth finger in while Rick squirted some lube . "What's the matter, girlfriend? How will you take Rick's cock if you can't take this?"
Rick squeezed his cock into the condom past, because if he didn't hurry he was either going to cum from watching or Penny would have her whole fist in her friend's bowels.
Penny looked positively demented, unrecognizable from the innocent woman-child Rick had begun seducing in this very room just a couple of months before, and turning into an animal eager for him to savage her sassy friend.
Now Rick was knee-walking up behind Janice, grabbing her fleshy hips and raising them up so her round ass was up high before bringing his cock to the entrance.
"Put it in for us," Rick told Penny, and she grabbed his cock and help push it in.
Janice squealed into the pillow she was biting into as Rick's massive organ forced its way into the tiny orifice, and Penny slapped Janice's ass as he impaled the chubby teen.
"All of it," Penny hissed as she moved away from Janice's hip. "Stick it all in."
"Harder," Penny was saying, and as Rick started moving his weapon in and out he glanced over at Penny, who had much of her hand in her furry grotto and was humping her hand while staring at what he was doing.
Rick tried not to pay attention to Penny, who was acting like a demented cheerleader as she bounced around the bed, but it wasn't easy because the diminutive redhead was everywhere.
"Had enough Jan?" Penny cackled, yanking Janice's head up out of the pillow by her hair, and even though the plump tart was crying she shook her head no, so Penny pushed her head back into the pillow and implored Rick to fuck her even harder.
"Can't hold it much longer," Rick grunted as Penny crawled over to him and started chewing on his neck.
"Take your cock out for a minute," Penny said, and when Rick did Penny laughed at the gaping hole he had created.
"Gonna cum," Rick grunted as he squeezed the base of his member as hard as he could to delay the inevitable.
"Take the rubber off and cum in her face," Penny said. "No - wait, squirt it into her ass from outside."
Rick yanked the sheath off by grabbing the reservoir and barely got near Janice's stretched out orifice before he erupted, spurting volleys of cum into Janice's abused bowels and the surrounding area.
As Rick leaned backwards to look at the milky mess he had created around the still gaping anus, Penny was nudging herself between them, burying her face right into the steamy crack.
From the sounds that were coming from the abyss, it was like sweet little Penny was eating her friend alive, trying to suck the cum out of Janice while rimming her maniacally.
It was almost as if Penny had become one of those characters in those vampire books Rick always saw her reading, and it was one when he put his hand on her pale freckled back did she take her face out of Janice's butt crack.
"Sorry," Penny said, blushing when she looked at the expression on Rick's face. "Guess I got a little crazy. Mad at me?"
"No way," Rick said, chuckling and kissing Penny's flushed forehead. "Your girlfriend okay?"
Janice was still in the same position, ass in the air and face in the pillow. Penny crawled over to check on Janice, whose face was beet red but had stopped crying.
"You okay babe?" Penny asked, and Janice nodded meekly as she fell over on her side. "I'll get him up again for you so you can wear him out some more."
"No. No more. Not tonight at least," Janice whimpered. "Feels like he's still in me. Was that you back there tossing my salad?"
"Yeah," Penny admitted with a hint of embarrassment. "Don't know what got into me."
"I think I'll leave you two alone," Rick said as he climbed off the bed and headed out of Penny's room, kissed his young lover and ruffling Janice's hair before departing to his fiance's bed.
"You've got it made," Janice sighed as Penny pulled the sheet over them and cuddled.
"I know," Penny agreed as Janice kissed her.
"Hmmm... so that's what my ass tastes like," Janice mused after the kiss. "Not bad, is it?"
"No, but I think Rick's cum is what makes it good," Penny sighed as they snuggled. "It's like buttermilk."
In the master bedroom, Rick climbed in next to his wife-to-be, the various aromas following him under the covers, and just as he was settling in, Penny's mother squirmed closer to him.
"Where did you go?" Diane Walton said. "Missed you."
"Couldn't sleep," Rick whispered. "I thought you were knocked out."
"I was," Diane said as she reached back and found Rick's flaccid hose, tugging on the rubbery hose playfully. "Don't tell me I wore you out! Boy, it still smells like sex in her from before. Maybe that's why I feel so horny. Wanna knock me through the headboards again?"
"I'll try," Rick sighed as he worked his fiance's nightie off of her. "I'll try."
***
thanks for reading