Hello, my name is, well that doesn't matter, so we'll just say Debbie for the sake of convenience.
I'm a... well I'm not sure what I am but I'll tell you what it involves and you can make up your own mind. I can tell you I'm not a prostitute or escort. I don't get money for having sex or doing anything sexual per say, but I do get paid for visiting couples in their homes and watching them have sex, or in fact doing whatever they want to do sexually while I watch.
I never join them for sex, I'm not interested in that and, as far as I'm aware none of the couples I visit regularly want others to join them, but they do enjoy being watched, and I like to watch, so it's a win win and we all know where we stand, and the money is very good too.
Sometimes I'll play with myself while I watch, in fact most of the time if I'm honest, and I've no problem with being watched while they do what they're doing, in fact I rather enjoy that. I never get undressed but I always make sure I'm wearing a skirt or a dress for when I feel the urge.
Some couples have even asked me to dress in a specific outfit to add a bit of zing, but I'll only do that if they pay for whatever it is they want me to wear.
I never advertise and I only visit couples who have been recommended to me by long-term, trustworthy clients.
Other than that, I'm pretty easy about who I'll visit, straight, gay, bi, whatever, but never multiple couples, you never know when things might get out of hand in the heat of the moment.
And, to be honest, I'm not even that bothered about having sex. I'm not married and I don't have a steady partner. But, I do like watching other people fucking and I do like to be watched when I get myself off.
I'm not even that keen on porn, it just seems so fake. I like the way real people do it. Thin people, overweight people, average looking people, you know, just real couples that love each other, or at least love the sex they have with each other.
I've never felt unsafe or uncomfortable. Well, except for the first time with my first couple. Let me tell you about how it came about, because that's what got me started.
********************
I left university after only a year of my psychology degree. It just wasn't what I thought it was going to be, so I don't regret it at all.
At 20 I really didn't know what I wanted to do, but I needed some money, so I started house cleaning a few times a week and that kept the wolf from the door.
I got on really well with everyone I cleaned for, especially a married couple we'll call John and Jenny
John did clever things with computers, you should see his office or tech room or whatever it is, laptops, desktops, printers and things I couldn't even name were everywhere.. I had strict instructions not to do anything but vacuum in that space. John took care of making sure everything else was clean and dust free.
John was nice looking enough with a kind face and a muscular build. He told me he used to be a roadie for a band, but when he gave that up, he had to visit the gymn at least a couple of times a week so the muscle didn't get flabby.
Jenny was just beautiful. Slim but not skinny, tall but not overbearing and she always looked so well put together. She is a private beauty consultant, whatever that is, I still don't know and I'm too embarrassed to ask.
I was so envious of Jenny. I don't consider myself anything special to look at. I'm petite and very short with dark blond shoulder-length hair, small breasts and that's about it. I've had complements in the past about my green eyes and my lips, which are apparently very kissable, but that might just have been flattery to get me into bed.
John and Jenny had been married for 12 years whenn I met them, both in their 40s and they seem to just click so well.
Anyway, I'd been cleaning their place for nearly 4 months, visiting twice a week when everything changed.
Both John and Jenny worked from home, although they did go out on the road as part of their work too. On this occasion it was just me. They had a spare key cut so I could let myself in in case they weren't going to be around.
I'd had my mid-clean mug of coffee and was in John's tech cave as I now call it and was finishing up the vacuuming when something on his main computer desk caught my attention.
John had his camera hooked up to the computer - I guess he must've been transferring some images before he left and I was curious to see what he'd been photographing as I'd never seen a camera in his work area before.
I sat down at the desk and moved the mouse to wake the screen up.
I had a box in front of me asking if I wanted to open the Jenny Pictures folder. I clicked on the "Yes" icon and a folder full of image files opened up. They all had long letter/number file name combinations, but next to each there was a thumbnail to click on to view the image in all it's glory.
I chose one at random because I couldn't really see anything from the smaller versions.
I suddenly felt my face get hot and my mouth went dry as the image went to full size.
Jenny was right there front and centre looking like I'd never seen her before.
It was a side on view of the upper half of her body. She was wearing what ooked like a posh leather jacket that was unbuttoned, and nothing under it. You could clearly see a good portion of her tits as she was making no pretence of covering them.
Also in the picture she had her hand around an erect penis, the shiny head just visible between her heavily made up lips.
I wondered if it was John's cock she was sucking and felt my face get even hotter if that was possible.
I quickly closed the image file and finished off the vacuuming in John's work space.
I couldn't get the image of Jenny with her lips around that hard cock and the sight of her barely covered breasts.
Something fluttered in the pit of my tummy that I recognized only because it was so rare.
It wasn't nervousness. It was nervous excitement. I was getting turned on just by a simple image of Jenny sucking...whoever she was sucking. God I really hoped it was John.
It was the middle of July, very hot and I'd come to work that day in a very comfortable and loose fitting summer dress.
I sat back down on the office chair and quickly clicked through some of the other files at random.
Mostly they showed Jenny in various positions and in different outfits, from a stylish floor length dress that had a wicked split up the side to a very skimpy nurse's uniform that left little to the imagination. It didn't seem to matter what she wore, she looked damn sexy in it all.
However, I went back to that first image I saw and sat totally mesmerized, unconsciously leaning back in the office chair and opening my legs so that my dress stretched and exposed a good deal of my thighs.
It had ridden up far enough that I could just put my hand down and feel the heat of my arousal between my legs without even touching.
I'm ordinarily a very shy person and wouldn't dream of doing something like this in someone else's home, but that photograph completely bypassed the self-conscious side of me and I really felt the need to touch myself.
I slipped my hand under the silk covering my sex and slid a finger down between my lips. The tip of my finger grazed the most sensitive part of me and I shuddered, partly from the touch, but mostly from the thrill of doing something I knew I shouldn't. No matter, I'd come this far and wasn't going to stop now.
I dipped my finger inside of myself -- Jesus I was wet. I hadn't realised how turned on I'd become until I felt the evidence.
I closed my eyes and immediately the photograph turned into a movie. Jenny's lips working on John's cock, eager for him to feed her his cum.
In my mind's eye the camera backed away so I could see more. I could see that it wasn't actually a leather jacket, but a dress that was unbuttoned to her belly button and the hand that wasn't gripping the base of John's penis was down the front of her dress and between her legs.
My finger was moving faster in the real world, stroking my clit with a speed and ferocity I'd not experienced before. I was so close and was desperate to feel the release of my orgasm.
And that's when I felt a hand rest firmly on my shoulder!
The movie shattered in an instant and my eyes snapped open.
"Well hello Debbie," John said quietly. I must've been totally zoned out because I never even heard him enter the building.
I totally froze in place, my shoulders resting against the back of the chair, my legs spread and my hand still in my panties, my finger still pressing my clit against my body.
"Having fun?" John sounded amused rather than annoyed.
I finally found some strength and pulled my hand from between my legs, pulling my dress down to cover myself.
I tried to stand, but John's hand pressed down hard on my shoulder keeping me in place.
"Don't let me stop you from your enjoyment."
"Fuck! Shit shit shit shit." That was all I could manage as tears of shame, embarrassment and fear began to flow down my cheeks.
I covered my face with my hands and sobbed like a child.
John removed his hand and spun the chair round to face him.
"Debbie," he started.
"I'm so so sorry John, I'll go." I couldn't look him in the face.
John crouched in front of me and pulled my hands away from my face. "Debbie, there's no need for all these tears."
"What on earth must you think of me," I managed.
"Well, I think you're a good an honest person who's curiosity just got the better of you. Honestly, I' would probably have done the same thing."
"You're not going to get rid of me?"
John considered me for a moment and pulled me into a hug. Not the kind of hug you get from a lover, just a friendly hug full of warmth.
"Don't be silly Debbie, of course not." He held me at arm's length and then rising, he pulled me to my feet.
"In fact, come with me. We'll have a coffee and a bite to eat. I have a proposal to put to you."
John took me by the arm and lead me to the kitchen. I still couldn't quite get myself together, but he didn't make a big fuss, he just pulled a chair out and sat me down and went about the business of making coffee.
"Here," he said, "drink this."
John sat across the table from me and took out his phone.
"I'm just sending Jenny a message to see how long she's likely to be."
That had the panic rats scurrying around in my head. "What? No John please, I'll just go."
"Don't worry," he said with a reassuring smile, "you're not in any trouble and we're not going to tell anyone else about this, but Jenny needs to be hear for this."
He tapped away on his phone and I drank my coffee wondering what the hell was happening. I was calmer now but kept straightening my dress wishing it was a little longer, it barely reached my knees and when I sat, it could only manage mid thigh.
"OK," John said, putting his phone on the table. "She's 5 minutes away."
I started to apologize again but he raised his hand to stop me.
"Debbie, it's fine, I'm good with it. A little surprised, but it's all good."
"Surprised?" That was all I could manage.
"Well, yes. I don't know a lot about you, but you seem quite a shy young lady."
I couldn't meet his eyes. "Yes, I am very shy."
"Jenny is always saying the shy ones are the ones that do the unexpected." John smiled in his gentle way.
I heard a door open and close in the distance and then Jenny breezed in, first kissing John on top of the head and coming round to me, bending to kiss me on the cheek and putting an arm around my shoulder.
"You alright?"
I could only nod. I felt tears prickling the corner of my eyes and jenny sensed my distress.
"So, John filled me in on what he found when he got home today," Jenny started.
As if I hadn't blushed enough, I felt my face go hot and I fidgeted in my seat.
"There's no need to be embarrassed. It's actually quite a complement someone as young and pretty as you getting turned on by people like us just having fun."
"I'm not pretty." It was an automatic reaction.
"Wow, you do have a low opinion of yourself." Jenny said, not unkindly. "Actually, you are very pretty."
Jenny pulled out a chair and sat. "So," she continued. "We need to be straight with you, both in what we tell you and what we ask you. Is that OK?"
"Yes," I said, hardly above a whisper.
John spoke. "Actually it'll be Jenny doing all the talking, I imagine you'd feel more comfortable that way, and I have stuff to do."
With that he rose, rinsed his coffee mug and disappeared whistling into his tech cave.
Jenny smiled and turned directly to me. "You know John got quite a shock when he found you looking at our photos, especially when he realised what you were doing."
Before I could say anything, she continued. "He thought you were pretty hot sitting there with your dress pulled up and touching yourself."
"What?" I was stunned and I have to admit a little thrilled.
"Do you like looking at people doing stuff like that?"
"Well," I started, not quite knowing what was going to come out of my mouth next. "I liked those pictures, but I don't make a habit of watching people. I've seen some porn on the Internet but don't much like it. Too staged, too fake."
"Debbie, we're exactly the same, all that fake screaming and yelling, it really puts us off."
I couldn't quite believe I was having a discussion about sex and porn with my boss.
"You probably know we've been married a long time now, but we still have a great time in bed. Well you saw how much of a good time we have."
I nodded, still not quite trusting myself to speak more than a couple of words at a time.
"For a while now we've been curious about what it would be like to have someone watch us."
"Watch you?"
"Yes, watch us." She paused. "Watch us fucking."
"Wow," was all I could say.
"We've put ourselves in situations where we could be seen if someone was to look hard enough or in just the right place, but not intentionally have someone watching us in the same room."
OK, so that really got my attention. My head came up and I looked Jenny in the face for the first time.
"And we wanted to know if you'd like to do that for us?"
"You want me to..."
"Come and watch us fucking. Yes, that's exactly what we'd like you to do if you're up for it."
I must've looked equally concerned and excited.
"I think I know what you're thinking. No, we don't want anyone else joining us. We're not into that, but we're both exhibitionists at heart, and as you seemed to get a kick from the photos, we thought you might like to see it happening live."
My head was spinning. 20 minutes ago I thought I was going to be thrown out of their house and lose all my customers, and here I was being invited to watch them.
I don't know."
"I understand. Tell you what, what about we try it once and if you're at all unhappy or uncomfortable, that will be the only time and we won't mention it again."
"Just watch? I don't have to do anything?"
"Well, yes." Jenny smiled. "unless of course you felt the urge to want to touch yourself like you did earlier, John said you looked as if you were really enjoying it."
"OK, I'll try it once and see." I couldn't believe I'd actually said it.
"Brilliant," Jenny laughed and shouted through to the tech cave. "John, she'll do."
"Fuck yes!" came the excited response.
********************
And that was it, my new career path was stretching out in front of me, not that I knew it at the time.
That first time when I was in their home, not to clean, but to watch them was a bit uncomfortable for me, partly because I felt I was intruding and partly because I found it an incredible turn on. I kept wanting to look away but was totally unable to, and I desperately wanted to pull my skirt up and touch myself but was too nervous. When I got home though, I went straight to my bed and still fully dressed fingered myself so hard and rough my hands ached afterwards. But it was the best orgasm I'd ever had and the first time I'd ever squirted, making a total mess of my underwear and the throw that lay across my bed. It's a good job I didn't stop somewhere in the car and do it. I could have though, I was so worked up.
So there it is. That's how I got started as a... professional voyeur? Hmmm yes I like that! And I guess it's how I unlocked my sexy side.