I pushed past her and through the curtain. I was greeted by a light cheer as the stage lights momentarily blinded me. When I was able to make you where Aaron and Brad were seated, I saw Brad looked really pissed off. Just as the music started he got out of the chair and headed to the backstage door.
I started dancing around the stage, unbuttoning the already half open blouse. Slipping off the blouse I twirled it over my head as I strutted past the guys seated round the stage. Replaying my fantasy in my head, letting it guide me. Tossing the blouse against the mirrors that flanked the stage I noticed that Brad had been intercepted by the bouncer from the door.
Pulling my tank top out from my skirt, I realized I would have to remove the mask to get it off. That wouldn't do, so I stretched one of the shoulder loops and slid my arm through. Repeating on the other side, pausing for a deep breath as I had a "am I really doing this?!?" moment. I pushed the tank top down around my waist to reveal my tits snuggly nestled in my bra. I could see the outline of my hard nipples partially visible through the lace. Working the tank top down over my skirt, I tossed it next to the blouse.
Peeking up at the light, I saw it was still green. Turning my ass to the patrons, I bent over and flipped my skirt up to flash my lace covered ass. Shimmying up to an old man at the side of the stage waving some money. I collected the tip and stuffed it between my tits, just like I had seen on TV and in movies.. Fondling my tits I worked back to the center of the stage, standing up straight I again put my backside to the audience and watched them watch me in the mirror as I unbutton my skirt.
There were a few shouts as I let the skirt drop, kicking it over to my other clothes. There were a few greenbacks waving in the air this time as I strutted around the perimeter of the stage allowing the guys to slip the bills inside the waist of my panties. Aaron even had a buck out, which I gladly took by squeezing it between my tits as he stared at my cleavage. Brad still appeared to be discussing something with the bouncer.
Making it to the far side of the stage, a man in a business suite was waving a twenty. As I got closer, he pointed at my chest. "Show me those titties!" he shouted as he waved the twenty. Kneeling down in front of him I moved my tips from the bra to my panties, giggled my tits while he watched. Leaning forward to him, I pulled the cups of my bra down slowly until my nipple slipped out. He was watching intently. Giving my tits another giggle, I covered them with the bra again. I reached out for the tip, but he pulled it away. Knowing he wanted more than just a peek, I slowly reached back and unhooked my bra. He had a big smile on his face and eyes glued on my chest as I rolled my shoulders forward and allowed the bra to slowly start sliding off. Swiftly I used one hand to momentarily hold the bra in place as I turned my back to him. Freeing my other arm from the bra I slipped it under the bra uncovering my tits. Standing I turned back to him as I twirled the bra over my head before tossing it behind me. He was still smiling and holding out the twenty. Leaning back toward him I pulled my hand away I shuddered slightly, with the sensation similar to an orgasm. My fantasy was now a reality. After a moment I looked up at the smiling guy and reached out for the twenty, which he surrendered to me.
Taking a moment to dance to the mirrors, I drop my tips on my discarded clothes. I noticed the light was now yellow. Ooops, I was only about halfway through the music, but only had one item left to remove.
Dancing around playing with the waistline of the bikini bottoms while collecting a few more tips looping around the edge of the stage, showing off my tits, stalling for time. Guessing that the yellow light would be soon blinking, I began slipping down my panties, revealing my smooth ass, neatly split by the cord of my thong. Twirling the panties on my finger I made another circuit around the stage, collecting a few more tips along the way.
Aaron sat there waving a twenty and pointing at the panties. Kneeling before him with my legs spread, I held out the panties in one hand and reached for the twenty with the other. He was not at all shy about staring at my tits or crotch, not even looking at my masked face. There was a loud cheer as the exchange was completed. Getting up I again danced over to drop the money with the rest I had collected.
Checking the light I saw it blink yellow and then red. Spinning back to center stage I saw the guy in the suit waving more money, so I went over to him. He held it still so I could easily make out it was a fifty. I reached for it and he held it back, shaking his finger. Then he pointed at the mask and held out his hand. I hadn't expected to take the mask off, but I figured what the hell. I pulled off the mask and handed it to him. The orgasm-like sensation once again shuddered through my body. There was a loud cheer and he handed over the money.
Turning, I looked right at Aaron. He was smiling, holding up my panties. From the middle of the stage I giggled my tits one last time as the music ended.
"Thank you Trina!" Jerry's voice boomed.
I hurried to collect the last tips that were being waved, then collected my clothes and the rest of the tips. Pushing through the curtain I saw all the others standing in a line.
"Nice job Trina," Jerry said, "now go to the end of the line. Follow the others out for the voting. Here's a bag to put your things in for now. All the rest of you, remember to line up against the mirror and step out when I call your name." He held out a plastic grocery bag.
I took the bag and squeezed past the others, while trying to jam my stuff into the bag.
"How did Aaron take it?" Becky asked.
"I think he liked it. He gave me twenty bucks for my panties!"
That was all we had time to say before slipping back out through the curtain. There was mild cheering as each topless girl lined up against the mirror. Aaron was still in the front row cheering. Brad was back sitting at the bar with the bouncer a few feet away.
"What did you think of these ladies tonight?" Jerry asked the crowd, wandering out with the microphone in hand. The audience responded by cheering a bit louder.
"Ok, now you all know we have to pick only one winner, so let's hear you shout out for your favorite." With that he introduced each girl in turn. As he paused, each stepped out and posed to try to prompt a louder response. Finally it was Becky's turn, then mine.
"Well, I think we have narrowed it down to three that are pretty close. Jasmine, Bonnie and Trina, would you three please step forward. The rest of you ladies, thank you very much and you can try again next week."
As the others filed out, we stood there. It felt better than I had imagined my fantasy. There was a pride in being nearly naked, no shame or hint of embarrassment. But, then to my surprise there was a flash, followed shortly by another. Instinctively, Becky and I covered ourselves with our hands while Jasmine faced the camera and posed.
"Oh, come now ladies, don't be shy!" prodded Jerry. "We've already seen it!"
The audience responded with hooting and more hollering. Tentatively, I put my hands down again and did my best to smile, as Becky did the same. The guys roared with approval. I could feel the adrenaline surged through my body as I posed.
"That's better girls!," coached Jerry.
I could see the guy with the camera move around and then the flash went off a couple more times.
"Ok, let's hear it for Jasmine!" The roar was louder.
"How about Bonnie!" The roar was about the same.
"What do you think of Trina!" To my dismay the roar was a bit softer, although Aaron was doing his darndest to make a lot of noise.
"Well, thanks for participating Trina. Won't you just stand over here next to me for a moment."
I stepped back against the mirror, as Jerry continued.
"Very interesting! It's been a long time since we had a vote this close. I think we need to vote again for Bonnie and Jasmine!"
"Once again, let's hear it for Jasmine!" Again the loud roar.
"And again for Bonnie!" still just as loud.
Jerry smiled, "I don't recall ever having a tie before, but the boss is giving me the signal that they are both winners!" The crowd cheered some more.
"Ok, show your appreciation for the fine ladies one last time!"
As the shouts and applause died down, Jerry herded us back through the curtain. Hanging up the microphone he pushed a button and music started playing again.
"Ok you three, get dressed and wait here while I get your prize money," and off he went.
Comfortable the way I was, I did really want to put my clothes back on. So, compromised by just slipping on my skirt and tank top and leaving the rest of my clothes in the bag. Jerry returned a minute later, followed by Mandy.
"Here you go. One hundred for each of you, and fifty to you for second place."
"Thanks," we all replied.
"Now, Mandy has a few things to go over with you," and again he wandered off.
"First of all, congratulations on winning. That was exciting. Now as winners you qualify for round two of our amateur contest in two weeks, on Saturday night. The prize for the winner is one thousand bucks. Can I count you all in?"
Dumbfounded we just smiled as we nodded.
"Great! Ok, the next part is scheduling your photo shoots and what night you work during the next week."