"Can we stay home from school another day?"
Sable McKellen the youngest of the two identical twin sisters by three minutes, appealed to their mother Josie, who was fixing breakfast before heading upstairs to shower. After everything that happened between, she and Henry she was attempting to be the model housewife and mother again. It would never last.
Josie paused in flipping pancakes wanting to say yes but knew it would be a bad idea letting her girls remain home so soon after seeing what they did yesterday. If she allowed it, the girls although seventeen and young adults, they would go straight to the hornet's nest next door before Josie and her husband Henry could talk about everything with them. They were fortunate enough last night to avoid a hail of questions, the girls gone to bed before dealing with it all.
"No. One day was enough. I can't miss another day either or Carl will be calling me. Finding substitute teachers on short notice is a problem for him. It was bad enough he had to teach my classes yesterday for me. Why do you of all people want to skip another day? Your grades are far better than your sisters, you like school. Besides that,..."
"Did dad tell you he... almost spanked us? Aren't we too old for that?"
"In his eyes you two will never be too old. What you both did you should have deserved it. You got off lucky this time."
"We were wearing bikini bottoms. I think it spooked daddy that we were not wearing much."
Wincing slightly Josie turned to see her daughter grinning sheepishly before noticing her mother's watchful eye. Surely, Sable didn't like being spanked by her father. No, but sable knew her sister actually wanted to be spanked, she was the one with the daddy crush. What Sable knew about after their father declined to punish them by hand was why she was grinning. Her sister was so out there. Once eyes meet Sable fidgets. "Sorry mom. We heard screams coming from our neighbor's home and you were still inside. We... were afraid they were hurting you."
"I know very well how you two watched far too long without sharing your concerns verbally, so don't give me any worried excuses. Your curiosity is not in your favor young lady. I hear even Travis Herbert snuck over to look in."
"He was worried too."
Scowling Josie used her spatula to scoop up her pancake and plate it atop one other. Shoving the plate across the counter she said. "Eat your breakfast." As Sable claimed her plate and headed toward the island bar to sit up on a barstool, Josie poured more batter into her skillet. "He was worried too. So worried that he supported you girls by placing his hands on your bottoms?" Overprotective mom in the house.
"We swatted them away. Ewww! Mom... he's... Travis." A decent excuse even if not sincere. Sable was actually quite fond of the boy yet hid it well. She never wanted to admit it out loud because of the boy's reputation as a pervert.
"Your father said he caught you three spying. Travis had his..." Josie gnashed her teeth using her spatula hand to wiggle an index finger like a penis to deter the true meaning she was trying to establish, "...out."
"It was sooo gross. Daddy made him put it away. It wasn't like we wanted... ewww... Travis."
"You know what? We're not going any further in this discussion until we get home from school and your father can join us. I do not want this ruining my day any more than it already has."
"We went too far. I'm sorry mom. Honestly, we were just worried for your safety." Yes and no!
"Zip it."
"That's what we said..." Sable snickered then lowered her voice blushing, "...to Travis."
"Good lord! Why me?" Josie looked to the ceiling of her kitchen.
"Mom? Were those men hurting Miss Cherry?"
"Sable... enough. Eat your pancakes and go get dressed. Put your hair in pigtails, it's a mess."
"Only if Dakota does."
"Tell her I said to go piggy."
"Okay." Nervously she ate her pancakes, very little syrup, no butter. Keeping silent Sable also looked toward the ceiling, for another reason altogether. She and her sister had agreed to divide and conquer. Sable chose her mom. Dakota... of course, was daddy's girl.
Upstairs after her morning shower Dakota McKellen wrapped herself in a thin peach colored towel and primped a bit before getting up the nerve to do her part in the sisterly agreement. Having been almost spanked yesterday it made her go to her room and actually spank herself picturing her father doing it. Crazy yes, but her fantasies often obstructed reality. Her butt cheeks were still tender. She knew deep down that she and Sable had deserved getting one even if Henry decided against it, after all Dakota did reach up through Piper Cherry's window and touch her first bare butt that wasn't her own. A big black man that didn't even know she did it. So worth the experience. Her sexuality was rising quickly these days, ready to finally give up her virginity to the right boy. Too bad it wouldn't be her father, she often pouted.
Opening her door she tiptoed across the hall to her parents Master bedroom, entering without knocking when she heard her father's snores. Quietly stepping to their bed for a closer look at her slumbering father she opted to take a minute to peer out the window facing Piper Cherry's pool. Seeing the water sparkling like diamonds in the morning sun she smiled. It dawned on her that with her parents making such good friends with Piper she and Sable could possibly get permission to go swimming anytime they wanted. She wanted to stay home from school again too. Now more than ever.
Stepping at an angle Dakota peered toward the back of the pool area at the home of Travis Herbert. Her curiosity growing after the teen adult had touched her bottom yesterday, then letting the twins catch a glimpse of... it... she had to shiver... so why was she biting her nail? Seeing clearly into Trav's bedroom she noticed his telescope poised directly at the pool. She had never really thought about Travis much before yesterday. Although knowing him for ten years now they were never really close. When high school arrived, they all drifted even further apart as groups formed. Trav was a pervert and a nerd with a brain. Even if the Nerd Herd as they were called in school didn't claim him as a card-carrying member.
He was such a geek in her mind, yet every time he tried to make friends with the girls, their own friends would dissuade them into making him some pariah. He never really stood a chance. Nor, did Dakota give him any chance, she wasn't really into him. Maybe it was time to grow up and let him in, certain things giving her more reason to think this way only added to the pressure. Connecting dots between telescope and pool only made her smile that much harder. She just had to stay home today. Time to beg.
Shuffling to the foot of Henry's bed she noticed the only thing covering her father was a thin grey sheet. Lying on his back gave away the one thing she hoped for but had not counted on. Eyes bulging at the tent pole sticking up she whimpered, suddenly afraid to try waking him. Apologizing for yesterday would get on his good side, she knew that much. Her father was not a grudge kind of guy, well maybe toward their mother, they did argue a lot but always made up. Even after what their mother did yesterday, she found it strange that they weren't fighting. Surely, sex with other men had to be bad... right? Between thinking of what she saw happen between her mom's situation, seeing Travis, and now... the circus being in town... Dakota was devilishly grinning.
Deep breath held she sat down next to her father's hip to discover even more than she expected. His sheet was exposing his hip, no pajamas worn to bed like he normally did. Pouting with indecision she knew she was running out of time in getting his permission to stay home from school, hopefully his support would convince their mother should she tell Sable no. Eyes torn by his flesh she bit her lip, fingers poised to nudge him awake lingered a moment longer. His covered pole really wasn't that far from being exposed itself. Tempted to pinch the sheet lightly and take a look she panicked and just nudged her father's arm.
"Daddy? Daddy wake up."
"Hmmmhuh?" He winced at sunlight through their balcony curtains. Once focused he found Dakota sitting next to him and tried to wake up enough to speak. He had seen his girls in towels before but not so up close and almost personal. No worse than bikinis mind you but still. His issue was always the fact that both girls looked exactly how Josie was at their age. It brought back memories of crazy days. In her seated stature Dakota had her right leg under her left, the towel barely covering her lower region. He had to close his eyes or risk looking up under her towel. That was not going to happen. On purpose at least! "What's wrong?"
"Can we stay home from school one more day?"
"Why?"
"You'll be here working, it wouldn't be like we weren't supervised, as if we needed to be."
"Ask your mother."
"Sable's asking. We agreed to ask both of you and hope one caves under pressure."
"Why are you only wearing your towel Kota?"
"Just showered. I was running out of time. So, can we stay home?"
"So, you two can keep me from working to talk about yesterday? Not gonna happen."
"We won't. Sable and I talked while you two helped Miss Cherry finish unloading the moving vans. What happened is none of our business. You were even in the right if you had spanked us. There's still time if you want to."
"I might just reconsider. I saw you two peeking out windows all afternoon."
"We couldn't help it."
"Yeah? Well neither can my palm. Feel lucky I don't break out my belt."
"You haven't spanked us in a long time. You used to lay into our butts really hard." On the word hard, her eyes glanced toward his tent then had to turn away before he caught her. "For the record I spanked myself yesterday when you didn't. See?" She stood briefly and mooned him showing her rosy sore spots. "My butt's still red. Pinker than the bikini I wore yesterday."
"Yeah? Next time wear black and blue so your butts can match those colors too. Why did you spank yourself? Wait! Don't answer that, I don't want to know. Put your towel down." Covering up she sits back down on the mattress.
"Please daddy? Can we stay home?"
"I won't be home all day. I have to swing by the office to turn in what I've been working on. So, better not."
"You finished your war game?"
"No. Just an episode of it. The game is going to take a while."
"Can I see it?"
"You know you can't. It's... adult. Blood and gore stuff."
"I'm an adult daddy. Close enough."
"Your mother would kill me. She says it's too... violent." Nice save, more porn than violent, but they need not know that.
"I won't tell." She hops in her seat trying to get him to cave to her request.
He hesitates and opens his eyes mid hop and catches a glimpse of something he shouldn't. She noticed and flared her eyes before placing a hand between her legs to cover her very brief exposure of kitty. In his discomfort he rolls to his left quickly hiding his own blush. In doing so his sheet now exposed his entire butt making her silently drop her jaw out of awe. Fearing he might grow cross she stood up quickly and hurried around the king size bed to face him where he was more covered up. In his groggy state he hadn't even realized his mistake. Plopping back down on Josie's side of the bed she tried begging again, her weight now resting on a majority of the bed sheet. She definitely did this on purpose.
"Pleassssssssssse daddy?"
"Ugggggggh!" He puffed his cheeks and rolled again over on to his back sensing defeat. By rolling quickly and Dakota's weight on his sheet he felt the soft material escape him. His raging hard on stood tall right before his daughter's eyes. "GODDAMMIT!!" He realized his mistake and tried to drag the sheet out from under her. Being much stronger he tugged it so hard she herself lost balance and her towel slipped open, falling backwards in her squeal. Left breast peeking out she panicked and clutched it back upward to cover herself. Both speaking as one said, "Don't look." They did their best as Dakota stood up to wrap herself better. Daring to look his way she found her father also standing up to grab his sweatpants from beside the bed. She managed a lengthier look at his masculinity, eyes bulging, body trembling. With his back turned she opened her towel and flashed him a full frontal just to fulfill her hormonal desires. She closed up shop the second his waistband was around his hips.
Once his pants were up, he turned to face her, before realizing his erection was now pointing outwardly. Pillow snatched from his bed he covered himself, fluffing it as if making excuses. "I don't care if you stay home. Just don't interrupt me when I'm working. When I go to the main office you two stay inside. No bothering our new neighbor. Understood?"
"Yes daddy." Excitedly she races around the bed and leaps into his arms. Dropping the pillow meant his erection rubbing dangerously close to her belly. In her arms being wrapped around Henry, she too lost control of her towel and it came undone at the sides. Only in front did it stay up. Both of them caught off guard Henry captured a good hard look at her naked backside in a dresser mirror. Gritting his teeth, he rubbed her back then thought better of it. Letting her go he grabbed her towel and offered an assist. Beet red Dakota retied her towel as best she could. "Thank you, daddy." Thing is, Dakota was not embarrassed in the least, but she played it off well. Miss actress!
Turning away she noticed the mirror and saw him checking out her backside in the reflection including his tent pole. She realized tension and scurried to the bedroom door. What was that all about he pondered over her teasing. Smiling one last time she shared a giggle and stepped into the hallway. Outside, she nearly ran into Josie coming up the staircase to her right. Eying her daughter in the towel she squinted, her suspicions voiced.
"Let me guess... you little wenches drew straws to see who confronted whom. I told Sable no; you're going to school today."
"Daddy said we could stay home."
"He did, did he?"
"Yep! We'll even clean the house."
"Unbelievable." Josie rolled her eyes, "Why are you in your bath towel?"
"I ran out of time so I just went in to ask daddy if we could stay home. I'll go get dressed now."
"What's going on?" Sable joined them in the hallway, standing at the top of the stairs. Seeing her sister in her towel hugging her curves made her eyes flare up. What WAS going on?
"Daddy said we could stay home." Dakota bragged.
Sensing her own rank being ripped away Josie entered her bedroom and shut the door. Inside she found Henry making their bed. Noting his dick shredding his navy-blue sweatpants she poised a brow, "Someone appears to be awake more than others."
"Morning wood. Not what you think. She caught me off guard is all."
Josie rolled her eyes, she had faith in her husband not to be THAT stupid, "If we let them stay home, they're going to grill you over what I did yesterday. Are you prepared for awkward talks?"
"I'll wait until you get home. I warned Kota I had to leave home for a few hours and turn in my latest episode of Frisque."
"You let her know the RPG's name? What if she looks it up and watches the early episodes? Hell, even the newer episodes."
"She's never seen any of my work outside of that Wargame RPG I do on the side. No, I didn't say Frisque, I just told her I needed to turn something in to Amanda Pruitt at the studio. We need a good paycheck."
"Fine! You deal with them. I have to go to school and teach. I can't put any more on Carl's shoulders."
"What about Roman? I'm not so naïve that I don't suspect he's going to question you about yesterday too."
"I'll deal with Roman."
"Were you serious about not seeing him anymore?"
"Henry..." She took time to take off her pajamas then prowl nude up to him, arms entwining his waist. Peering up into his eyes she offered an expression of sadness, "I told him we were done, I meant it. I love my husband too much to destroy our marriage any more than I already have."
"I did tell you that I'm ok if you kept fucking him now and then. Just stop hiding things. Oh, and don't leave me."
"I know. I... want to come clean the first chance we get to talk alone you and I. Piper convinced me that I needed to open up completely if I'm serious about us staying together."
"Sounds ominous."
"I-I have a few more skeletons in my closet." She tears up slightly.
"Skeletons or boners?" He almost laughs but suppresses it. In response she peels away from him, her nipples erect over his chest. Pinching the front of his sweats she looks down at his erection.
"Showering together?"
"Absolutely!" He whips her around and slaps her on the ass, chasing her into their adjoining Master bath. Outside their bedroom Dakota and Sable stood eavesdropping, ears literally against the bedroom door.
"Is he spanking mom instead of us?" Sable was just naïve enough to wonder.
"Dad called his game Frisky." She was close. Dakota pulled her sister back to her bedroom closing the door. "We should snoop when he's gone to the studio. I knew there was something daddy was hiding from us." She then paused to envision what she had seen earlier. Trembling as her sister stared at her she found Sable shaking her by the shoulders to break her trance.
"What?" Sable needed to know everything. Some secrets needed to be kept for now.
"I noticed something when I was in their bedroom. Did you know Travis has a telescope in his bedroom window onlooking Miss Cherry's pool?"
"Whoa! No, I didn't. That pervert. Miss Cherry will feel so violated."
"Really? You don't think we should feel violated? Your bedroom window faces his house too. Especially after Travis pawed us up yesterday. He had his... wiener out."
"Oh my God!" Sable connected dots. "That means he can see me in my bedroom if I leave the curtains open. I undress for bed or change clothes in there. I sometimes forget to close my curtains." The thought spooked her but even Sable could put on an act. It excited her that someone would want to notice her. Travis had his moments. Truth told; she left them open for just that option. Now that was her secret to keep.
"There's that too." Dakota was glad her bedroom faced away from Travis. She felt nervous now more than ever. "Travis almost put his fingers under my bikini bottoms."
"No, he didn't." Sable expressed awe, "Why didn't he try that with me?" She pouts suddenly, "He must like you more." Far from the truth but the twins looking so much alike it was an easy mistake unless Sable smiled to show her braces. Whining she concluded it had to be more than that, "It has to be my braces, I look hideous."
"Stop that. You don't look hideous. If Dad hadn't yelled down from his balcony Travis might have tried to dig under yours too." Dakota shook a moment, "Why are we talking about Travis?" A shared symphony of 'Ewwwwwwwww!" joined forces, of course that led to both girls going into Sable's bedroom to peek out at his home. There he was... walking around... "Oh my God! Travis isn't wearing pants." Again, the twins echoed their joint sentiment at exactly the same time. At least he had boxers on if nothing else. Knowing they needed to get it together the girls went about getting dressed.
Within her own bedroom Dakota stood in front of her bathroom mirror. Turning her back to the mirror she let her towel drape just as it had in falling away in front of her father. Peering over her shoulder she admired just how much he had to have seen in their own mirror. Eyes bulging, she found it impossible not to smile. She knew she had a gorgeous body at 5'2, 100 pounds, 34B like their mother, curvaceous in all of the right places. Places her father had seen. "He did see me like this yesterday but only with my bikini bottoms on. Still, without them he must have... maybe he was just thinking about spanking me for real like he said because we were still nosey." Over herself Dakota decided upon her attire. "I really wish he would have turned me over his lap and blistered my booty. Why do I have to do all the work?"
Still feeling sexy Dakota chose a high hemmed purple t-shirt with of all things the Kool-Aid Man on the chest. Her tummy revealed, she went with low cut jeans that barely hugged her hips. Her G-string panties could be seen with the micro thin straps outside as well as above her waist. Appearing much younger than she really was, her back pants pockets had jeweled rhinestone patterns. Cutesy for certain. She was ready for her day to begin. As long as her mother didn't make her change, she would be good. Hiding out in her bedroom was in her best interest.
Ten minutes prior, Sable put her hair up in pigtails just to make her mom happy. Before ditching her white and blue pajamas promoting the Disney movie Frozen, she paused pinching her waistband. Staring at her curtains she had to know if Travis was still walking in his boxers. Peeking out she spotted him looking into his periscope primed at their new neighbors. Pouting she felt obligated to stop him. Opening her curtains abruptly it was obvious that Travis noticed, twirling his periscope in Sable's direction. "Oh my God! He's watching me." Holding her heart, she stepped aside to avoid being seen then thought about his curiosity. "Should I?"
She wasn't certain if her move was smart, but she found herself unable to resist. Stepping back in front of the window she dropped her pajama bottoms and walked about a bit as if she didn't see him. Wearing her own blue G-string he could see even more cheekage than her bikini revealed yesterday. Unable to see his reaction she pouted. "Darn it!" Easing out of view for a moment she chose to peek from the side of the window, there he was still looking her direction. Seeing him at an angle she dropped her jaw, "Oh my gosh! I think he's... doing what he did outside yesterday."
In her naïve mentality Sable McKellen had no clue what masturbating even was. With only sex education at school being her sole knowledge of the simplest thing as anatomy and reproductive organs she just found him intriguing, even if he was "Ewwww!" Not so much but telling her sister that was not going to happen. "He's kind of cute in boxers. Should I... show off more?" Temptation was just too great. Parading around in front of her window to garner her courage Sable whipped off her Elsa T-shirt and cast it to the floor. She was topless, never wearing a bra to bed at night. In reality she rarely wore panties to bed, but for some reason she did last night.
"I wish I could see if he was still watching me." She finally dared to face the window, if he was looking, he could see her perky breasts. Acting as if she was clueless, she toyed with the curtain and tried to mask her knowledge of his zooming in on her. There he was, jerking off with his knuckles in the way of..."Nooo! He's looking next door again. No fair!"
In a huff Sable closed her curtain and got dressed. Being more modest than her sister she wore a royal blue bra with a matching blue shirt that was baggy and dangling off of one shoulder, black jeans with the knees ripped out seemed in fashion, more threaded areas went up her thighs but in a tasteful manner. Bummed out once she was fully dressed, she took one last look at Travis parting her curtain. Catching him at just the perfect moment she witnessed her first ejaculation, even in the distance she knew he was shooting. "Whoooooooooaaaaa!" She knew that secret was going to be kept. She didn't want him to get into trouble, nor did she want her dad to spank her for being a peeping Thomasina. Unlike Dakota she preferred not getting her ass on fire.
Hearing bedroom doors opening up Sable swiftly grabbed a pair of socks from her dresser. Hearing a knock, she sat on her bed to put the socks on, "Come in." As the door opened up both of her parents ducked their heads inside, both fully dressed. "Hi. You look nice mom."
"Thank you, Sweetie." She wore a white button-down shirt with only the arms and shoulders in sight, cloaked in by a wraparound navy-blue button-down dress that covered her chest completely, leading down to her skirt ending three inches above the knees. Six off tan buttons held the wrap around her. "Listen, we've been talking. I'm alright you not going to school today. You don't have to clean the house either. Tonight, we're going to grill out over at Piper's so you can finally meet her... under better circumstances."
"Cool! Mom? You... don't have to tell us about yesterday, we shouldn't have been snooping. I... guess we just don't understand how you and daddy can be... well... not fighting over that."
"Oh, I took my frustrations out on your mother a bit ago."
"I thought I heard you spank mom." She spoke out of turn then flared her eyes at her mistake.
"Ah! You heard that." Henry winked at Josie.
"Yes, I deserved it. Your Father took me into the bathroom to finish. We wondered if you two heard anything."
"Yeah, shower running probably masked the other spanks." He smirked.
"I'm going to be standing all day teaching thanks to your father."
"I'm not going to apologize Sable." Henry pointed sternly, "Honestly, I still planned on a second spanking because you two continued to get nosey."
"Should I pull my pants down?" Sable whimpered, standing up to unfasten her jeans. Henry could see her blue G-string beneath.
"Nope! Keep your pants on. We'll talk more later. Your mother and I are going for coffee before she run out of time. I'll be back around 1:00, unless anything holds me up. Call me if you need anything."
"We will. Thanks for letting us stay home. Can we... visit Miss Cherry?"
"Better not. She knows what you two witnessed, let's not put her into a situation that we should discuss as a family first. Alright?" Josie prompted moving in to caress her daughter's cheek, "I love you. Behave yourselves."
"I was hoping we could swim in her pool is all."
"I'm sure she would let you, maybe this evening or on Saturday?"
"Dakota and I have plans with Andrea on Saturday."
"Right." Josie eyes Henry for advice, "Why don't we skip coffee Henry. Can you go talk to Piper real fast and see what she thinks? We really should have shared cell numbers."
"I'll get her digits and text them to you." He nods, "Nobody goes next door until I give you permission. Understood?" Turning in the doorway he runs dead into Dakota colliding chest to face. "Didn't see you there Punky." He grips her shoulders then guides her back, looking down to see if she was okay. Her puppy dog eyes made him swallow dryly. Without even thinking about it he scanned her body as if he might Josie. "What's this about?" He pinched her G-string straps riding over her lowcut jeans, not realizing that his tugging them upwards sank her patch deep into her vagina. Eyes flared and danced before his gaze. She feigned a blush and squirmed a bit until he released them to snap her hips. That little bit made her crazy inside horny.
"I'm covered daddy."
"Whatever! I'm just not used to seeing you girls so grown up. Does Kool-Aid Man really match with jeans so low?"
"She's fine Henry." Josie joined him at the door. Mothers always defended their daughters when it came to clothing.
"I don't want to go change."
"I'll get over it. More tummy than necessary is all I'm saying." He guided her aside then stepped back into the hallway to head downstairs. Dakota shyly thanked her mother for coming to her rescue. Josie eying the straps scowled, "First time I've seen you show off your undies like this. Trying to impress someone?"
"Probably, Travis." Sable stepped in and razzed her sister. In reality it was Sable that liked the boy.
"Please tell me that's not the case." Josie grinned.
"Not even. Ewwww!"
"I'm hearing this ewwww an awful lot these days."
"I just... want to dress more like... well... a woman."
"I hate to tell you this sweetheart. Kool-Aid Man is not the way to reach that goal." Twisting her in step Josie whispered, "Go to my closet and look for a burgundy halter top, it's lowcut. Belly will show just as much as you have now."
"The one that shows your cleavage off?" Dakota recalled it, her jaw dropping.
"That's the one."
"My... boobies will..." Thinking more about it she smiles, "Yay, mom!" Sable joining her sister they pilfered Josie's walk-in closet. Josie sighed knowing she was probably encouraging her daughters more than she should. Under her breath Josie hissed, "Dammit, Piper." Off to work she went, triggering her garage door with a key programmed for more than just her vehicles ignition. Stepping into the garage from the mudroom Josie climbed into her crimson Mazda CX-30 SUV and backed out slowly. Just outside the garage door she stops and hugs her steering wheel.
"Why do I feel like our family is evolving way too quickly? How do I tell Henry about the other affairs, especially..." She closes her eyes not even wanting to mention his brother William out loud. It was only once, but still it was her darkest moment. "I don't deserve you Henry, really I don't." That remark made her weep. She would dry her eyes driving across town. It was going to be an emotional day.
********
Next door...
Piper Cherry woke up yawning, stretching vividly in her sheer black nightie. She had actually slept on her sofa all night long, not even waking up to go pee. That hit home the second she relaxed to scan her home to see it finally feel blessed with furnishings. Hopping up she starts to shuffle to the little girl's room when she hears her front door open, a light knock respecting her intrusion.
"You up Piper?"
"Henry? Yes, follow me to the bathroom. Gotta potty." She quivered holding her bladder in a troubled dance. Racing into her bathroom she peeled her panties to her knees and squatted. Hearing her tinkle as he made his way to her bathroom door Henry peeked around the corner to see her head tilted back from relief.
"Morning."
"I love your accent, Henry. I just now noticed it. I have yet to hear you say Y'all though."
"Not all of we Tennessee boys say Y'all." He chuckles. "You just wake up?"
"Three minutes before you walked in."
"You sleep on that mattress?" He eyed the unmade bed stained everywhere.
"No. I fell out on the couch. I'm going to go buy a new mattress later."
"Just clean this one. It looks brand new; besides it's going to get ruined again, I'm sure."
"Help me at least turn it over?"
"I can do that. Gotta hurry though, I have a meeting with my employers to pass off my game episodes."
"That's right, you make video games. What kind?" She wipes herself with a wet wipe she had unpacked before bed. Standing she pulls her thong up and washes her hands.
"Well, I design two different games. One is a World War 2 video game called Mein Fury. I won't bore you about senseless killing." Hearing him she lowers her eyes thinking of her ex-husband Davon Liberty and his own senseless taking of a human life. A random emotion she brightens up so as not to make him question her.
"And the other game?"
"Well, it's an adult sex game if I'm being honest. It's called Frisque. It's about..." He freezes in thought and expresses a realization, "Holy cow! It's about... you. I never thought about it until now. The main character Emma moved into a neighborhood like ours and makes her rounds to all of the neighbors, fucking everybody, but with plot."
"Intriguing." She grins sheepishly, "I like the name Emma. I'll have to get my internet turned on so I can play your game and see what type of mischief you get her... me into."
"Oh, now that I've connected the dots, I'm going to really put you through all the bells and whistles." He chuckled. "Anyways, Josie wanted me to come talk to you before I left home. We allowed the twins to stay home again today. Josie had to go to work though. The girls asked if they could come over and swim in your pool. We are a little leery of that after what they saw yesterday, so we wanted to run it by you. Neither of us want to put you on the spot trying to explain everything without us being here to back you up."
"Sure! Have them drop by around 11:00, I need to get cleaned up and unpack a few things. I still need to call for groceries too."
"I could probably stop and pick a few things up for grilling out tonight." They set about turning her mattress over, frowning at the odor of sex on the flipside. "I'll buy some Febreze too."
"You don't need to do that Henry. Instead of calling for a delivery I'll just get dressed and go buy groceries myself. I really could use some fresh air. Maybe I'll take the girls with me?"
"Uhhh? Yeah, I guess you could. I can't imagine anyone giving them hell for skipping school. There's a Piggly Wiggly over on Dickerson, the girls can get you there easy enough."
"Dickerson? There's a dick on every corner." She giggles.
"Sad but true." He looks at his wristwatch, "I really need to go. Oh! Josie wanted to get your phone number."
"Absolutely, give me your number I'll call you and you can save it, pass it on to the hottie."
A swift relay after following her back to the living room to locate her cell she calls. He saves and resends the number to Josie via text message. "Good deal. I'll be home around 1:00, possibly after, I need to run a few errands too. If the girls become a burden just send them home, I'll deal with them when I get back."
"No burden. I owe it to them after they missed school to help me yesterday, only to not help because of our antics."
"They're still young at heart and naïve, so if you don't mind... try not to... you know..."
"Do I? Are you asking me to behave Henry?"
"Just a tad. I have yet to see you wear clothing. Nighties and panties do not count."
"Well, fair warning my handsome neighbor stud, I'm not changing who I am for anyone. So, while I won't go out of my way to impression your kids, I'm not going to hide either."
"Had a hunch you would go that route. Just... try not to influence them too heavily... all I ask."
"I'll take it under advisement." She winks at him, "Do I need charcoal for the grill? Dav... my ex did all the grilling."
"It's gas so no, do you know if the tank is full? Dave, huh?"
"Something like that."
"Let me check the tank real fast." He turns away and walks to the French doors leading to the pool. Stepping out she follows him pretty as you please, tits bobbing with each step, only her nipples were hanging on to the nightie for dear life. Bending down to check the tanks screwed in gauge he concluded there was enough to get through the grilling out later tonight. "Little under half full. That's probably enough. If not my grill has a full tank, I can switch the tanks out."
While he wasn't looking, she noted Travis next door spying on them yet again. Blowing him a kiss Piper fluttered her fingertips to say good morning. She was shameless. Switching attentions as soon as Henry stood up, he found Piper right behind him up close and personal. He had to throw his hands in front of him to keep her at bay. Grinning sheepishly, she merely steps forward and plants her breasts directly into his defensive grasp. "Tank it is."
"What?"
"You convinced me to wear a tank top today." She giggled then let his sexual tension wane by retreating and wiggling back toward her French doors. He had to growl at the heart shaped ass with some fluff in its perfection. It was hard for him to imagine that he had fucked such a hot piece of ass. Not that his wife wasn't a hot number herself. Knowing he had an unlimited source to both he sighed. For a rare moment he wondered just why Josie felt the need to play around. It wasn't like they didn't engage in sex fairly often, they did, that and he was well endowed so even that couldn't be the real issue. Maybe it was just the need for variety to spice things up, that and her nympho tendencies returning in full force. As a teenager Josie was quite the whore. Their talk last night although informative, even she spoke of skeletons. There was certainly more to discuss.
Following Piper indoors he slid the glass door shut behind him. Watching her strip out of her nightie as if she were all alone, she turned to face him, of course he went straight for those magnificent melons, eye contact with them that is. Feeling evil she palmed the underside of her chest and tossed her tits about for his amusement, and hers. "Sure, you don't have time to titty fuck the ladies?"
"I wish. My story editor and I need to go over new plotlines, Amanda's a stickler for detail. The visuals I put into the last episode was hot as hell, so the gamers out there are going to be jerking all the way to their ATMs to buy more hours on it."
"I'm intrigued. You will have to show me your work, especially now that you say I'm your role model. We should work on some storylines together; I'll roleplay them for accuracy." She lifts her right tit and sucks her nipple just to taunt him.
"Sounds great. Ummm! Do me a favor, don't mention that game to my daughter's, they don't know I work on porn. They just know about the war game."
"Your secret is safe with me."
"Great! Thanks for being... well... there for us. I owe you for helping my marital woe."
"I'm sure the two of you need to work things out more. Just aim to be patient with her."
"Am I stupid for letting her fuck other guys?"
"If you didn't, she would anyway. She loves you Stud. Having an open marriage is what's going to rescue you. Rein the jealousy in and enjoy yourself too. My door is always open, so are my legs." She winks, "I want more of that big boy Henry."
"And Josie?"
"I want more of her too. I'm rather enjoying her tongue."
"Hey, I have a tongue too."
"A very talented one I recall." She peels her G-string level with her pussy and stares at him.
"Don't tempt me, I really do need to go." He hisses rubbing his chin. He starts around her then pauses to shake his head. In a rash move he snatches her up by her hair and yanks her into his chest. Lips locking for an extremely passionate hunger they make out for three minutes, frenching wildly, his hands never once left her face. She melted slightly as he unglued their mouths to make his escape. "America's Got Talent."
"Mmmm! You're a very good kisser Henry."
"Good at everything. I'll sneak over later in the week and hit those holes. We can watch my game on that widescreen TV of yours."
"As long as it's not the war game, or sports. I'm sooo done with sports."
"Frisque all night long." He winked. "See you later today."
"Good luck Handsome."
As Henry left her home Piper removed her panties in the living room and sighed. With quite a bit of unpacking to do, grocery shopping, and entertaining the McKellen twins Piper knew her relaxation would have to wait until tomorrow. While her pool did look inviting, she really didn't have time. She needed a shower to officially wake up and dig out her wardrobe that remained boxed up. Living out of a suitcase was overrated.
Returning to his home Henry stepped through the front door and made it to the staircase before calling out, "GIRLS?" A swift response both Dakota and Sable popped out of their parent's bedroom. Both having swiped new shirts from their mother's walk-in closet. They never realized just how many sexy dresses and shirts their mother owned. They rarely noticed her dressing up to go out unless it was a school function, or her own night classes at a local college which she taught every Wednesday to those who could not afford scholarships, mainly immigrants. At any rate both girls came running down the stairs their chests dancing wildly without even thinking about it. Henry froze in expression. "Are you two forgetting something?"
"Mom let us go into her closet and choose from her shirts." Dakota pointed out, "Did I leave the light on?"
"Not what I meant Kota. Did you forget your bras?"
"Oh my God! Daddy!!" Sable covered her chest, "Why are you looking at our boobies?"
"Little hard to miss when they're everywhere but your shirts." Both girls actually looked to see if they were exposing themselves. "Halter tops that low cut? Seriously?"
"Mom said we could wear them." Sable reinforced her sister's argument. "Please don't make us change. I like my halter."
"Fine!" He caved quickly knowing his scheduled appointment was nearing a speeding ticket across Nashville to get there on time. "Alright! Piper said you could come over around 11:00 to swim. I'm going to forbid that you two even mention what you saw yesterday. We will talk about this as a family first, understood?"
"Yes daddy!" They unified as one reaction.
"Be good. I love you." He draws both into a tight hug under his armpits. Their braless tits crushing into his sides were a tad too fluffy to feel right about it. Peering down at them he couldn't help but eye cleavage. They knew he was peeking and shyly shared a worried gaze. He had to let the puppy dogs go. "I'm going to be late. See you this afternoon." He peeled away for a fast detour to his main floor office for his disks, then headed out to the garage to start his own twin model Mazda CX-30, his version in black. On a side note, his vanity plate said GAMKOK. How he managed to get that past the state regulators was anybody's guess, but he did. It was chosen by Josie for his career in gaming and his gorgeous cock. He got to choose hers as well going with TECHME, standing for Teach Me as well as a sly wink to Take Me. Clever they were those McKellen's. Once on the street Henry was gone in a flash.
Back inside, the twins looked at one another, "Daddy checked us out." Sable bulged her eyes. Dakota having been checked out earlier kept it on the down low, even from her sister.
"He's just worried we're showing off too much skin."
"We are." Sable laughed.
"I know. I want to wear things like this to school."
"Would our shirts pass the dress code? You know mom won't let us. How can we hide it when she teaches there?"
"If we wore bras with them, I think we'd be okay."
"You were planning on going without a bra?" Sable mouthed a silent, "Oooooo!" then said, "If we bent over every guy in school would see out titties."
"Maybe I want that." Dakota razzed her sister, "Let's go raid more of mom's stuff."
Sable giggled, "Dibs on go go boots." On the way up she laughed, "Why do they call them go go boots?"
********
One house over...
"Piper Cherry's residence... Piper streaking." Piper chuckled waltzing around her home before taking her shower. Going to her kitchen she raided her pantry for coffee and set up her coffee maker. She needed Juan Valdez badly. Once she got her coffee brewing, she unpacked plates and silverware, finally her wine glasses. "There you are my lovelies. To the dishwasher with you. I need you spot free for guests tonight." Loading numerous items for a refresher, having been packed in newspaper she started her dishwasher. Luckily her sanitary items including dish soap and the like were easily located. Perfect timing.
Crumpling up the leftover newspaper she happened across a Sports section which covered her former team the Atlanta Falcons. At least it was only about the team's stats and not about her ex-husband. All year long there had been photos and scandalous articles about him, going so far as to try and connect his murder charges to her father Senator Lane Cherry. Of course, that was just his rivals wanting to put him in a bad light come election day. Not that her father didn't have his secrets, what politician didn't? It was sad that her family had to go through the whole Davon mess, even worse they probably suffered the most during it all.
Even Piper had herself had been run through the ringer, mostly trying to tie her into Davon's case saying he was only acting on Piper having an affair with the gambler. "AS IF!!" She couldn't look at the article any longer. Even an innocent page brought on bad memories. "Left behind Piper. You're starting from scratch here. Let's not get emotional." Coffee ready she poured a cup and hopped up to sit on her island bar to ponder better days.
"I need to call Mona by the weekend. See if she wants to visit and see the new house on her way back from North Carolina where she's taking my niece Monet. Seminary school, what a hoot. Monet is my mini me. I'll need to have someone bring my dog home too. Mace might escape his dad for a week to do that." It dawned on her just that fast, "Mace is 19 slightly older than the McKellen twins. I could set him up with... shit! If I set him up with one the other girl will get upset. Better not!" She frowns, "Why am I playing matchmaker here? I haven't even officially met the twins. Stay out of that scenario there's no need to tick off my new friends here. If Mace comes along, I'll let him meet the girls without arranging it. They can form their own opinions, and worst case be Facebook friends."
Another thought made her grit her teeth, "That means everyone I'm getting close to learns my history. I don't need them to think the worst of me due to Davon, and my dad. Between a rock and hard time. Enough fretting I need to get my shower before I run out of time. I need to set up Alexa so I can make my grocery list, cell notes for now. So much to get done." Rinsing her coffee cup off by leaning next to her island sink she climbs down and heads for her bathroom.
Starting her shower, she lets it warm up while she takes a peek into clothing boxes for ideas on what to wear. It was already hellish warm outside because her windows were still open and the warm gusts filtering in were annoying. Avoiding her air this long she gave up and closed down what few windows were opened and turned on her central air. The slightest blast of coolness perked her nipples up dramatically. "There's my hand maidens." They had gone down since Henry had left. Unusual considering, she normally lived with erect nipples due to her frantic hormones.
Giving up on sorting clothes at the moment she jumped in the shower and cleansed herself, a light tantalizing of her shower wand gave her a morning moaning. Early echo? Her idea ended in a minor orgasm, fingers blessing her hood. Shutting down her waterfall she stepped out and dried herself off, smelling her towel. "Time to find fresh towels, this one has been overly used since I've been here. To the laundry..." She realized her hamper was packed with other things and performed a 360 spin on the ball of her foot, "To the floor with you." For now.
Hair blown dry, make up applied, she felt her usual gorgeous vitality coming back, as if it ever left. At her worst this perfect 10 of a woman was a 9.5. Time to decide on clothing.
********
Next door at the McKellen's...
"Why have we never seen mom wear half of her wardrobe?" Sable held a slinky mini dress up in front of her as Dakota explored more intimate things, "This dress is... is this a dress or a nightie?"
"Not see through, it has to be a dress." So naïve. Dakota found a buried section of bikinis behind winter outfits and brought them out for inspection. "Mom is hiding things from us."
"Or maybe from Daddy. They do fight a lot. She does see Coach Roman."
"That's so not right. Daddy doesn't deserve how she yells at him."
"We don't even know why they argue, how can you say that?"
"Daddy takes care of the house more than mom. He's home every day, and even does the cooking most of the time."
"Mom teaches all day and has her college class every week too. She's busy. Daddy just plays his games."
"Designs his games as much as plays games." Dakota always defended her father more than her mom. Sable ofttimes chose to balance that family argument. Both daddy's girl's but still, one leaning in both directions. "Oh my gosh! Sable look at this bikini, there's hardly anything to it." She poises a neon green micro bikini up in front of her, the pussy patch was no more than two inches wide, possibly 4 in length, squared at the top and sides. Sable handling the top fanned her lips wide in awe, holding it to her chest over a nipple she swiftly handed in back to Dakota.
"I don't think that would even cover my nipples."
"I can't imagine Mom ever wearing that. Any of those." There was a wide assortment of microkini's dangling in a cluster, every color imaginable, even some in serpentine patterns.
"I'm wearing one to go swimming in." Dakota chose a white one.
"That's going to be transparent when you get it wet."
"I'll cover it up until Miss Cherry isn't looking." Kota felt devious, taking the bikini and heading for her bedroom to try it on.
"Wait! What if Trav..." Sable stopped mid fret and bulged her eyes, the thought of their neighbor Travis Herbert and his all-seeing eyes spying Dakota in the bikini made her pout. Thinking with envy she selected a hot pink microkini and hung up the rest before making the journey to her own bedroom to decide if she had enough courage to wear it outside. After resting it over the back of her desk chair Sable danced in step and wondered if Travis was watching. A careful peek through her curtains she saw him walking about in his bedroom.
Wet hair gave her the opinion he had just showered. Of course, the towel about his waist gave her a hint. "Gosh! He's... it's..." Feeling mesmerized she rips open her curtains and opens her window, screen and all in hopes he might look her way instead of toward Miss Cherry's home. Trying to concentrate on changing out of her clothing and into the bikini she stripped down to her panties. Walking in front of the window numerous times gave her goosebumps, this exhibitionist side had never been so bold. Giddy, bordering on panic attack she stood with her back to her window and bent forward peeling her panties down. If he was looking, he saw her bare butt.
Offering only a one-minute window she stepped out of sight and tried to look without being seen by Travis, making him think she was doing this on purpose. Of course, she was. He just didn't need to know that. Right? Fanning herself she spotted him getting dressed rather than watching her. "Nooooooooo! Dang it Travis."
She dropped the curtain and paraded back in front of the window to reach her desk chair and looked over the bikini trying to figure out how to even tie it on, realizing it was actually all one piece. Top first, she knew at least how best to cover her nipples, barely, one wrong move her areola would be renamed airy ole'. Once on and tied behind her back and neck, she slipped the narrow patch over her pussy and masked what she could. "Eeeeeeee!" She squealed, "I can't... it's like I'm nakie." Hearing a loud whistle, she perked up just before her intent to remove the bikini and smiled. Peering reluctantly at Travis, she saw him with his back to her. "Wait! If it wasn't Travis... who?"
Leering left she found her wolf. On a tiny balcony like her parents stood a pair of young men smoking. "Shoot! Knox Hardecker and his friend Dip. They must have watched me change." Seeing her looking out, the boys cast her thumbs up in a slow progression that simulated a penis rising. Awestruck she quickly closed her curtains. Knox Hardecker was such an asshole. So, why was Sable biting her nail? Why was she not changing?
In her own bedroom ten minutes prior to her sister's peep show, Dakota tried on her white micro with just as much awkwardness. Once tied on properly she stood in her mirror admiring her curves. Without words she too found a similar fondness for nibbling a fingernail. Twins did share many similarities after all. Looking toward her closed bedroom door she tiptoed to listen, hearing Sable squeal from her room, her own door closed and locked.
Opening her door further Dakota quickly shuffled across the hall and into her parents' bedroom, shutting the door in case Sable came looking for her. Moving into position where she had stood earlier and having lost her bath towel, she imagined her father checking her out again, only in her bikini which from behind she was indeed only covered by spaghetti thin ties. Acting out her thoughts she peered sheepishly over her shoulder as if Henry were still looking at her bottom.
"Daddy? Are you... staring at... my... you are, aren't you?" She feigns a blush and bats her lashes at his imaginary presence. "You have..." Eyes lower as if checking him out, "Maybe you should... go lay down again." Her thoughts return to his being asleep when she first entered earlier in the morning. Picturing his tent pole beneath a thin bed sheet canvas she acted as if trying to wake him, literally nudging empty air, "Daddy? Are you asleep?" as if he were really there. In her dramatized fantasy her father's manhood exposed and she imagined hesitantly touching it with a single finger. Bright eyes fanning at the thought that it could have gone that way earlier she retreats back to reality, "What am I thinking? OH MY GOD!" Dakota shook off her stupidity and crept out of the bedroom, opting to check on Sable. The second she started to turn her sister's doorknob, the door burst open, and sister faced sister in their microkini's.
"WE ARE SOOOO HOT!" Joint verses were right on syllable. Giggling the girls squealed and hugged one another, before blushing heavily. Skin on skin was just a tad too intimate for them both. Even worse when their chests crushed together in hugging both stepped back to realize their nipples were showing. It was that easy to lose their coverage. Dueling smiles the girls jumped up and down. This was more fun than they imagined.
********
Cherry on top...
Piper had spent fifteen minutes hanging her clothing up, emptying box after box. Even her hamper was unloaded and useful again, her towel no longer on the bathroom floor. Locating more casual clothing she chose to wear a white crop top tank that was made even shorter at her 38D's stretching it out. A couple good hops in step the bottoms of her breasts slipped out, hard nipples wrinkling the clothe upward to leave them exposed. "Yup! Belly dancing at Piggly Wiggly." She chuckled then pulled her tank down concealing the ladies for the moment. With it being a tank top her cleavage was mountainous. "No one can say anything as long as they're covered." See through by association, her areolas darkened due to her tan were easily made out behind the cotton. "Wolf in sheepish clothing." It made her snort briefly. "Okay, maybe the wolf and the three little Piggly Wiggly's." It all made sense to her.
"Halfway there, now what to wear down South?" Exploring option after option she decided upon a bright yellow pair of spandex shorts. Slithering them upward over her hips the soft cloth hugged every pore. "Nice!" Checking herself out in a closet door mirror she noticed her cameltoe quite vividly. Turning in step to see her butt, the material sank deep into her butt crack. No underwear meant no holds barred. Eying her cleavage mounding she giggled, "Cleavage, Beavage, and watch me Leavage. I'm just tooooooooo sexy. I am absolutely wearing this to Piggly..." She shakes her ass, "...Wiggly. Look out Nashville."
Time synching up Piper hears the doorbell ring. Noting her cell for time until she could hang up clocks or find her alarm clock, she adjusts her clothing for complete satisfaction then sighs at herself, "Auntie Piper you can do this." On the third doorbell ring she sprints through her home to answer the door, not wanting them to think she was ignoring them. Titties dancing wildly on her way there she had to adjust her shirt a second time before opening the door. "Hey there!" She greeted the girls with a vivid smile. "Sorry it took me a bit; I was changing clothes."
The twins look up at Piper with almost doe like eyes. Both girls were slightly intimidated by the bombshell blond, especially after seeing her get gangbanged alongside their mother just yesterday. Once their nerves settle, they look Piper over from head to toe. Nipples stabbing from her lowcut tank, to her cameltoe sinking deep, they were in awe.
"Ummm? I'm Piper." She extended a hand slowly watching them explore her assets, "You must be Sable." She knew the difference only because of her braces. Otherwise, it might have been a challenge distinguishing the two. Now that her pig tails were removed, they really did look identical. Sable reluctantly shook her hand and mumbled, "Hi."
"That makes you Dakota. South looks North." She waves her gaze upward. Dakota blushed slightly.
"Sorry. You're... really pretty." Dakota swallowed.
"Not so bad yourselves. You definitely favor your mom. Where does that leave Henry?" She thought it was funny. The girls merely shared a concerned glance. Seeing this, Piper stepped aside and motioned them in. "Welcome to my home. Come on in and make yourselves comfy."
Dakota led first; Sable close by almost afraid to have her sister leave her too far behind. Once inside Piper slams her door making the girls jump. "SHYNESS NOT ALLOWED BITCHES!"
"She called us bitches." Sable whispered to Dakota.
"Look guys, I'm not so bad once you get to know me. You came over to go for a swim, which you can do anytime you want. Just... like don't drown on my property. I'll leave my door unlocked when you feel like visiting."
"Thanks..." Dakota smiled, "BITCH!" She dared to raise her voice then offered a smug expression.
"WHAT DID YOU CALL ME?" Piper raised her tone and stormed right up to Dakota's face. Sneering to intimidate her Piper broke and hugged the girl, smothering her face into her chest. Sable immediately busted up laughing. Beet red Dakota had her own round of giggles. "See? Ice is broken. Come here you." She snatches up Sable before she could run and drug them both back into her chest. "Don't make me motorboat you guys." They had no clue what that even was.
Releasing them Piper stepped back, "None of this shyness crap. Speak your minds and let's be besties."
"Okay, why did you and Mom..." Sable started to dig right in when Dakota clamped her hand over her sister's mouth.
"No, let your sister go. Ask me anything, I'll defy your father and tell you what you want to know."
"The moving guys, they raped you and mom." Dakota finished her sister's words.
"For the record we were used, but not against our will, so it wasn't rape. Ask your mother for her reasons in joining, those are not for me to answer. Next question?"
"You... acted as if you liked it." Sable winced.
"That's because I did. Someday you might even know how it feels. Just... don't make it anytime too soon."
"No way!" Sable out ruled that idea real fast. Dakota thought about it a bit more before agreeing, "We... haven't even had sex before."
"Good! Don't until you're 30." Piper aimed for a humorous damage control. "You brought towels and sunblock. Smart, although I did just find my towels, still unpacking."
"We can help you unpack." Sable offered.
"That's sweet of you. Maybe when I get back home, I'll take you up on that offer."
"You're leaving us?" Dakota looked shocked.
"I am. Piggly Wiggly to buy groceries for tonight. Your dad is grilling steaks."
"Oh, yeah!" Dakota recalled, "You trust us only just meeting?"
"Sure! Any reason not too?"
"No." Dakota giggled, "It just seems weird is all. Can I ask you something Miss Cherry?"
"Piper. Miss Cherry is my mother. Shoot!"
"Are you really going to Piggly Wiggly dressed like that?"
"What's wrong with my clothes?"
"No bra." Sable points.
"No panties either. Don't tell anyone."
"Whoa!" Sable exhaled.
"People can see..." Dakota also points toward Piper's erect nipples stabbing through, even the shadows of her areola were ferociously evident. Finger lowering toward Piper's cameltoe Dakota shies off and retreats her pointing.
"So, it's a camel... wearing panties makes it look like I'm wearing a turban."
Both girls snorted at her humor. "That's hilarious."
"Probably racist too. Forget I said that."
"They might not let you in the store dressed that way."
"Well, Sable, I have never been turned away in my life. Being beautiful and sexy opens doors. Piggly Wiggly does have automatic doors, right?"
"Yes." Sable snickers.
"I wish mom would let us wear clothes like that." Dakota frowned.
"If I'm not mistaken those halter tops you both are wearing reveal quite a lot too. Obviously, your mom isn't being too strict. Bikini's underneath is just like wearing a... slingshot." Piper realizes the bikini tops were micro. Nodding with a pucker she sighs, "You do know that your friend Travis watches my house like a hawk, right? Those bikinis might fry his brain."
"Travis is watching?" Sable turns in step as if attempting to look out the French doors a good fifteen feet away. While her sister lingered Dakota mouthed the words, "She likes Travis." Piper acknowledged her with a wink.
"Has Travis... seen either of you in bikinis before?"
"We were in our bikini's yesterday." Dakota spoke up, "Travis stood outside watching you and mom like we did."
"Ah! Well, then maybe you will be in luck, and he went blind."
"Why would he go blind?" Sable returned to their conversation.
"No reason. Were you wearing these bikinis?" Piper leaned forward and hooked their halters tugging them out to examine the thin narrow patches over their nipples.
"Not these." Dakota shivered, "The others were dirty these are clean."
"Gotcha!" Piper knew better, "So your mom doesn't know about these bikinis."
"They're hers. We just raided mom's closet." Sable confessed as Dakota grimaced being busted.
"Mom has taste. I need to go shopping for some of those." Piper sheepishly smiled, knowing she had two dozen similar packed away. "Our secret. Just be dressed before your dad gets back. I don't want him yelling at me."
"We can do that." They agreed.
"Alright! My fridge is bare. So, it's ice water if you get thirsty while I'm gone. Please..." She begins to say be careful but chooses a friendlier finish, "Have fun." She had no clue what Travis was truly like, nor was she aware Knox and his friend were home without blaring music to signify they were around. Sable had kept their appearance to herself, even from Dakota. Telling her sister of them might have changed her mind. She knew Knox had a thing for Dakota, one that Dakota did not share. He was just too thug for her tastes. So, she said. Maybe, just maybe, Sable needed the ego boost their whistles instilled upon her secretly. Of course, it did make her wonder if Knox might have thought her bedroom was actually Dakota's. It bothered her briefly, but there was always Travis, a well-hidden fondness for the young man was sometimes evident, sometimes not. Only Dakota read her mind on that one thankfully.
"Water's fine." Dakota admitted.
"That's what the swimming pool said." Sable found it amusing, even if Dakota winced at her jest.
"We'll work on your comedy routine." Piper patted Sable on the back lightly. Sable smirked and shrugged it off, it was funny, and she knew it. "Here's my cell number if you need me." Passing it off the girls put it quickly into their phones while Piper sat her cell down just long enough to go grab her purse from the bedroom. Once the girls had their numbers typed and saved, they sent her texts identifying each of their numbers. Swiping Piper's cell, it returned to her wallpaper. On it they found a photograph of Piper in her Atlanta Falcon's cheerleader uniform in a very contorted pose. Dropping their jaws, they looked at one another.
"She was a cheerleader." Dakota whispered.
Sable nodded, "Bigtime even."
After a fast tinkle Piper returned, purse in hand, "Digits in?"
"Yes. We sent you our numbers to confirm." Sable added, "You were a cheerleader?"
"Sorry, we swiped and noticed your picture."
"Ah! Yeah, I really need a new photo on here. Fun days, bad memories. Not the fault of the franchise mind you, but..." She ponders it a moment, "Y'know what? Huddle in Kitten's. Let's take a selfie." Giggling the girls moved to each side of her and they crowded cheek to cheek smiling vividly, in their pose the girls all looked topless, their halter straps falling from their shoulders and Piper's crushed cleavage took point her tank not even seen in the angled shot. "Say Sexy."
"SEXY!!" Came a three-way. Photo snapped they looked at it more closely.
"Oh my gosh. It looks like we're all nakie." Sable flared her eyes.
"My new wallpaper Ladies." Piper saved the pic and transplanted it to her cell screen. Showing it one last time she started to put it away. A call coming in halted Piper long enough to look at it. "There she is."
"Who?" Dakota grew curious, "Mom?"
"No. My big sister Mona. I'll call her back on the way to Piggly Wiggly."
"You have a sister too?"
"Two actually. One younger as well, her name is Breanna. She's 23. I'm 27, Mona is way older at 37. Here I'll show you a family pic real fast." She goes into her gallery and locates a family portrait. Quickly sharing, the photo switched unexpectedly, "See?"
"Ummm! The picture shows a big dog." Sable pointed out as Piper winced recalling her cell.
"Shit! It always does that to me. That's my puppy Rotten. He's at Mona's until next week. That's probably why she's calling, to decide on when to bring him up. When I left Atlanta, I needed time to myself. Long story so borey. You two can take Rotten for walks, I'll even pay you."
"Dibs on the leash." Dakota laughs, "You get to pick up his poop."
"Awwwww, maaaaan!" Sable clenched her fist playfully. "Our parents never allowed us to have pets."
"He's a big baby. Very protective of me though. Now this pic is my family." She shares it more cautiously this time to be certain it didn't spin off into some picture with her ex-Davon.
"Big family." Dakota smiles, "Who's the cute boy?"
"That would be my nephew Mace. He's 19 and quite the filthy rich slacker. This is his sister Monet, short for Monetary gain. Inside family joke. Anyways! Monet is in Seminary School. She wants to be a Minister. Thou shalt not lust and all that mumbo jumbo. Uh huh! I could never not lust." She chuckles.
"Really?" Sable grinned.
"NEVER!" Piper lightly pelted Sable on the forehead making her giggle. "My sister Mona is an art critic, so she named her after the painter Monet. She's 21. Pretty much a year apart. The blond over here is my baby sis Bree for Breanna."
"She's as pretty as you are." Dakota shared a compliment.
"Not even close." Another palm pelt to Dakota's forehead this time. "I could get a hundred more dates than she could."
"What does she do?"
"Lots and lots of college Professors."
"Whoa!" The girls looked shocked.
"Yep! She's a wild one like me. I could get more guys though. You know why I could get more guys? She's into the girl Professors."
"Ewww!" Dakota giggles then notes Sable wincing this time. Finally, Sable broke scowl and agreed, "Nope! We like boys."
"Have either of you even been on a date?"
"I went to prom last year with Dirk Mason, but he hooked up with Megan Love even before the night ended."
"That's tragic. I thought you were going to say Dirk Bentley. This being Nashville."
"No way! He hates country music. So do we."
"We like metal."
"Ah! Like that obKNOXious guy next door." Piper emphasized his name within what she thought of him.
"I know, right?" Dakota flared her eyes, "He's such a wannabe."
"Knox Hardecker is such a douche." Sable nodded with folded arms.
"At least he keeps it clean." Piper wagged her brows smirking. Her jest went right over their heads. "Wait a second, Hardecker? As in Hard Knox?" She rolled her eyes, "It just doesn't get any better."
Sable wanted to comment on his friend Dip also but that meant acknowledging that she had been whistled at earlier. Dip's real name was Dudley Poole. Middle name Nathan. She wanted to blurt out his name badly but just nervously held her tongue. Not for long..."His friend is Dip. It's Dudley Nathan Poole. I remember hearing it in school."
"So... Dip N. Poole?" Piper shook her head. "Sounds like a serial killer's name."
"Funny, isn't it?" Sable chuckled.
"Speaking of pool Ladies, go get wet. I'm off to Wiggles. Dickenson, right?" She confirmed the address again smirking at the irony. "I'll google GPS it." Turning away Piper headed to her front door, car keys in hand. Once the front door closed the girls found themselves alone in a strange house. Looking around to gather in Piper's atmosphere, the peace ended at the resounding vibrations of loud metal music. Thinking it to be Knox next door they realized it was coming from out front.
Opening the front door to see Piper driving off in her white Ford Edge windows down, she was blaring Slipknot's song Duality. The girls loved that song. It suited them, considering they were both pondering on a new identity, wearing the micro bikinis. They didn't want to be so wholesome anymore, yet, they weren't certain they could even go outside and swim, let alone sunbathe in the next to nothing outfits. Staring nervously at each other after closing the front door they walk together to the French doors onlooking the swimming pool.
"No Travis peeping." Dakota observed a lone telescope poised from a balcony.
"No Knox." Sable pouted but kept her acknowledgment to her thoughts. "Good! I don't want Travis seeing me almost nakie."
"Oh, come on Sable. You have a crush on Travis."
"No I don't." She whimpers, "Well, you really like Knox so don't deny it."
"No! I don't." She really didn't. The retaliation led to giggles. They both knew the truth; Sable just needed a comeback. "We doing this?"
"You first."
"We do it together or not at all." Dakota stood fast.
"On three?" Sable nervously teetered on her toes.
"ONE!" They took their halter tops off and shivered.
"TWO!" Jeans fell to their ankles, an easy step out once their shoes were off.
"Three!" French door slid open, a rush of air attacked their flesh, goosebumps terrorizing, nipples peaking high. The stimulation gave them giggles.
"OH MY GOD! Let's do this."
Awkward yes.
No more talk.
Action.
"EEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!"
Okay, now they actually made it poolside.