Jacques was brought quickly out of his reverie by the doorbell. Lisa peeped out from the kitchen door but Elise, walking quickly towards her, motioned her back inside. Smiling sweetly to Jacques, who was looking down the stairs , she opened the door wide. There, proffering a big brown hand, stood a tall young slim man. Pretty durn brown, with short curly black hair, and a broad friendly grin. Brilliant white teeth. She quickly looked him up and down: white shirt, blue tie with a yellow bar and red star, black trousers, and an unmistakable bump off to the side of his fly, quite low down she thought, which moved a little as he offered his hand. "Must be some goodies down there, and he must be wearing boxers, not Y-fronts," she surmised as she accepted the proffered hand. "Why, you must be Dick Browne," exclaimed Elise. "I'm Elise Devereaux, the one you spoke to on the phone, and that is my husband, Jacques," she continued, pointing to Jacques who was now just behind her.
"Pleased to meet you both, Mr. and Mrs. Devereaux," answered Dick.
"Call me Elise," replied Elise. "Mrs. Devereaux I reserve for weddings and funerals," she continued.
"Right, you got it Mrs. Devereaux...I mean Elise," replied Dick.
"Please, come in Dick. We can't keep you standing there on the doorstep now can we?" said Elise.
They moved inside. Elise took Dick by the right hand, his left clutching a large, soft, black brief-case, and showed him across to the lounge area. She motioned to a large easy lounge chair, and took the one opposite him herself. Jacques brought up the rear. "Dick, can I get you a drink?" enquired Jacques.
"No thanks Mr. Devereaux, it's a little early," replied Dick.
"Well Dick, it's already after 5, and we're not going to give you a hard time here. How about a gin-tonic?"
"Ok," replied Dick. "I reckon a lil ole GT won't hurt. Can you make it plenty of ice please?" continued Dick.
"Sure Dick," Jacques replied. "And your usual my dear?" said Jacques turning to Elise. Elise nodded her response and Jacques toddled off towards the kitchen to fix the drinks.
Elise now gave Dick her full attention. She was dressed very simply: an elasticated white body tube covered her prominent perky large boobs. A short, orange, floral skirt with large white orchids flared out over her broad hips. Solid-heel slip-on mules with a braided orange-and-white broad strap adorned her feet. Nothing else! She smiled across at Dick and slowly swung her right leg over her left knee and settled back in the chair.
Dick, himself leaning back in his chair, noticed with widening eyes as the skirt of Elise slipped back exposing the most shapely taut thighs he had seen for quite a while. Since he left Aruba in fact, Dick surmised.
Elise smiled back at Dick, noticing of course his wide-eyed reaction, and some minor further disturbances occurring in the zone of Dick's pants where she had first noticed it at the door. "Now Dick, tell me for a fact: have you brought something with you that will interest me?" said Elise.
"Ma'am," replied Dick, "I have a bunch of adverts with me for timeshares at the Ocean Club. I hope you will indeed find something of interest," continued Dick, as he leaned over the chair arm and rummaged in his briefcase.
Elise slipped her feet out of her mules and drew her legs up into her chair, clasping her hands around her knees. She leaned forward as she spoke, "Oh yes Dick. I am quite, quite sure I shall find something of interest here tonight."
Dick, swinging back around before starting to straighten up, and clutching a sheaf of papers, found himself looking straight between the legs of this incredibly beautiful woman in front of him. His eye level was with her crotch. He stopped and did a second take. He could not believe what his eyes were showing him.
Unmistakably, Dick was sure he was looking at wisps of straight black hair peeping from between her thighs, and was not that the faint outline of her pussy? Or what? "Oh mercy me," thought Dick, "I can't believe what is happening here."
Dick flopped back into his chair, forcing himself to keep his gaze steady on the face of Elise. "If you say so Mrs. Devereaux. If you say so," said Dick in response to the statement of Elise.
"Oh but I do, I do Dick," re-iterated Elise, fixing her gaze directly on the ever-rising lump in the front of Dick's pants.
Dick blinked back in incredulity, noting with consternation the direction of Elise's stare. He closed his eyes and put his head back. His head was in a whirl. What did all this mean? Was he about to be taken on the ride of his life by this beautiful creature he had just met? And what about her husband? Where was he? Did he care? What should he do now? His erection was rising hard and offering him solutions which he hardly dared consider, but his answer was not long a-coming.
Elise rose quickly and moved behind Dick's chair back. She leaned over his head and loosened his tie. "My dear young man," said Elise, "You really do need some more air here. You are SO hot!" With that she leaned over further, her firm breasts resting lightly on Dick's curly head, as she continued to remove his tie and unfasten the buttons of his shirt. Dick remained silent. What was there to say? He kept his eyes closed soaking in the fragrant ambience of Elise's perfume, and wondering if this was anything close to what Heaven was like.
Elise now moved quickly around to the front of Dick's chair. She wriggled her hips from side to side to force her way in between Dick's sprawled legs. Bending over Dick's waist, she said, "And I believe there is something else here that needs more air". With no more ado she quickly flipped back Dick's belt buckle and deftly unlocked the safety catch at the top of his waistband. With the fingers of both her hands gripping each side of the waistband she pulled sideways watching the zip of the fly run down snugly to the base. Another hard tug up and over with the waistband of his shorts and she had them rolled back over the mound of firm flesh beneath seemingly begging her for its release.
Elise paused a moment to observe what she had uncovered. A thrill of excitement ran through her as she took in the full view of Dick's well-proportioned erect manhood. The musky smell of male testosterone hit her nostrils and she felt a release of fluid in her vagina at the prospect of feeling this marvel of male nature penetrating her pussy. He must be a full eight inches she thought. We need to be careful here.
Elise sank to her knees and wriggled even closer to her prey. Holding the erect shaft gently with her two hands she guided the head between her full lip-glossed lips and sucked hard. A long low groan emerged from Dick. She looked up at his face with excitement, but Dick still had his eyes closed, unable as yet to face the reality of this situation. Elise smiled inwardly and continued with her gentle mouth massage of Dick's manhood, coaxing it up to new heights of stiffness, and noting with great satisfaction the commencement of clear fluid leaking from the tip which she carefully harvested with her tongue.
After several minutes during which Elise gently stroked and sucked the sweet biological lollipop, Dick opened his eyes and stared in wide-eyed wonderment at the scene taking place in his own backyard. He managed to feel for Elise and gently stroke her cheeks and fondle her hair. Elise now knew she could safely take her plan to the next stage.
Elise rose to her feet. She rolled her body-tube down to the waist, exposing her taut firm breasts. She rolled up her short skirt, tucking it neatly under the body tube. Now she was ready for engagement. Moving quickly and gracefully, she stepped up onto the chair arms and straddled Dick's head, then slowly lowered herself towards his mouth. Her body perfume, mixed with her heavy female pheromones, cascaded down onto Dick's nostrils.
Dick visibly trembled in anticipation at the heavenly sight so close to his face, and the action of her aroma. He raised his hands to support Elise under her firm buttocks and lowered her gently down onto his mouth, penetrating her engorged pussy with his long stiff tongue. Dick warmed to his role and worked the willing pussy for several intense minutes, bringing short gasps from the delighted Elise.
Dick realised that it was now HIS call, and taking control, he moved Elise backwards and down towards his hot, aching penis, still dribbling clear fluid from its tip. He carefully positioned Elise over the tip and gyrated his tool into the labia. Elise leaned forward and kissed Dick lightly on the forehead, then allowing herself to slip gently down the slippery pole. Elise remained on her toes, however, knowing that she could not allow Dick to fully penetrate. Sure enough, she felt the tip touch her cervix as she touched bottom.
Dick transferred his hands to cup the firm ripe breasts of Elise, while Elise took a firm grip on Dick's shoulders. She then commenced her oscillation with long sure strokes, looking Dick squarely in the face. Dick, now completely at home, returned her gaze. They exchanged little facial expressions of enjoyment.
There was a clunk behind Elise. Dick peered round Elise to see Jacques placing a tray of drinks on the coffee table behind Elise. Dick, of course, was alarmed and spoke out, "Geez Mr. Devereaux, I am SO sorry. I don't know what got into me", said Dick in alarm.
Jacques paused and slowly straightened up, looking down at Dick's face. "Not to worry, Dick my son. Not to worry. This is your destiny to-night. Your fate was sealed the moment you walked through that door. Now I seriously suggest you relax and savour every moment. This opportunity does not knock every night," said Jacques.
"Gee thanks Mr. Devereaux. I don't know what to say," replied Dick.
"There IS nothing to say Dick, so say nothing more. You have plenty to DO!" replied Jacques. "Let me help you with those pants," continued Jacques, "You need to be more comfortable." Jacques bent forward and carefully removed Dick's shoes, then slid off his pants and underwear.
Jacques then knelt between Dick's legs and gently cupped Dick's balls whilst running his tongue over Dick's bulbous sack and up Dick's hard shaft as Elise rose up at each oscillation, savouring the wetness running down his shaft from his leakage mixed with Elise's glistening cunt lubrication.
Relieved of his clothes' impediment, and encouraged by the words of Jacques, Dick took Elise by the waist and stood up, turning to the left to place her snugly on the padded couch alongside.
Elise smiled up at Dick as he raised her legs one by one and placed them alongside her ears. Elise wrapped her arms around her ankles and clasped her hands together.
Dick stood up and threw off his shirt. Looking down at his equipment, he took a hold of it in his right hand, left hand on Elise's shoulder, then worked it quickly and smoothly back into the hot sweet darkness ahead. Jacques moved back and sank into the easy chair recently occupied by Elise and Dick. His hands moved quickly to his trouser's zip, and in no time his meat was out and being slowly massaged while watching the unfolding action on the sofa with great interest.
Dick commenced to fuck with long, graceful, slow strokes, almost retracting before sliding back deep, noting carefully that he could not afford to hit bottom. Elise tweaked Dick's nipples as they looked at each other savouring each other's responses.
Now there was another clunk on the coffee table as Lisa, the maid, put down the ice bucket she had brought from the kitchen. This went unnoticed by the amorous couple.
Lisa was mesmerised by the sight. Without thinking she started to play with herself under her short skirt all the while watching Dick intently. Suddenly, she realised what she was doing, and looked at Jacques, giggled, then rapidly moved around the left hand side of the coffee table and threw herself onto the couch alongside Elise. She raised her legs high mimicking Elise, then looked directly at Jacques.
Jacques noticed with a surge in his crotch that Lisa was wearing beneath her short black skirt, those black fishnet stockings he adored, with the black suspender belt he had bought for her on his last visit to Paris, and that was all. Down below: a lovely picture with plenty of slightly curly, black hair in the pubic area.
Jacques needed no second bidding and took his place alongside the athletic Dick. Dropping his own trousers and Y-fronts now, he penetrated the anxious little pussy, quickly getting up to the same rhythm as Dick. Jacques sensed he was being used as a proxy for Dick, and noted that Lisa never took her eyes off Dick's weapon.
When Dick duly flipped Elise over to finish her with a deep doggy, so Lisa turned too, but still managed to turn to watch her idol's actions.
Jacques concentrated on watching Dick too, and as the tall youth eventually shuddered and ejaculated deep into Elise, so Jacques managed to fill the gasping Lisa with his load too. Lisa now, with long experience of the household mistress's needs, quickly rose and mounted the sofa, straddling Elise and quickly lowering her leaking pussy directly onto the face of Elise, who quickly commenced reaming out the still-hot pussy of Lisa. Lisa also reached behind and pulled up the legs of Elise once more knowing the next move would be from Jacques.
Dick, now fully retracted, moved aside, and watched in amazement as Jacques dropped to his knees in front of Elise and, with great reverence licked the oozing cum from her dripping pussy.
As Jacques stood up he turned to Dick and quipped,"Thanks for that. I always seem to get my dessert before the main course!" He then turned to Lisa and said, "I think you had better put out another place setting for our guest".
A while later they were all seated at the dining table. Jacques and Elise sat opposite each other, Dick between them at the head of the table. Lisa was in the kitchen putting the final touches to the meal.
It had not gone unnoticed by Jacques how Lisa had been stricken by Dick's toolbox. So, Jacques now turned to Dick and said, "Dick, Lisa is preparing some special soup as a starter tonight. Would you care to go and see if she needs a hand to stir it? Maybe you can check if it tastes OK too?"
Dick rose with a grin on his face and started towards the kitchen, "Sure thing, Mr. Devereaux. Only too pleased to be of service", said Dick.
As the kitchen door swung closed, Jacques flicked on the monitor for the kitchen mounted at the end of the dining room. Jacques and Elise noted with satisfaction Lisa quickly hoisting herself onto the kitchen table, her legs wide in a capital M. Dick, not even bothering to loosen his trousers, unzipped, and produced his weapon already back again at full strength, foreskin fully retracted and ready for the next foray. He carefully wriggled his dick into Lisa's welcoming cunt with its bright pink centre housed between masses of black, curly, shiny, hair. He finally stopped after managing to insert a good five inches, and proceeded to take a firm grip on Lisa's thighs.
Lisa was not looking for a long drawn-out performance and was already gasping and uttering small noises. Dick quickly ran up to speed and smoothly ejaculated shooting his offering down into the tight depths of Lisa's pussy. Jacques quickly turned off the monitor knowing Dick would be back soon.
Dick emerged from the kitchen and returned to his chair. Jacques spoke first,"Well Dick , how was the soup. Did you give it a good stir"?
"You bet I did Mr Devereaux," replied Dick. Just then Lisa appeared with a tureen of steaming hot soup which she set on the table.
Jacques looked up at Lisa and said, "Well Lisa did Dick do a good job on the soup?"
Lisa replied with a little laugh, "Sure Mr. Jacques. He can stir my soup anytime he likes," she replied, smiling at Dick. They all laughed.
After the meal, Jacques spoke to Dick as follows, "Dick, you have very quickly earned the highest accolade from this family, not only from the female category but also from myself too. You are therefore now on our private list and are welcome anytime you are in town to drop by and pleasure the ladies whether I am here or not. Would you like to stay the night after this hectic evening?"
Dick replied immediately, "Of course, Mr.Devereaux, of course I will stay, and I am honoured to be accepted as a permanent Friend-With-Benefits."
"Then I must make a request from you as I do with all my special guests. I must request a Devereaux Nightcap. Since you are new, the best way is not to describe but to play it by ear. Your room is on the first landing, first door on the right. We shall visit you an hour from now. Take a shower and relax. We shall see you soon!" said Jacques.
An hour later Jacques and Elise, robed in massive beach towels, entered Dick's room. Dick was lying naked on the bed, lights low, and a pleasant aroma of male deodorant in the air. He rose as the pair entered and Jacques made straight for the bed, lying down face up in the same position as Dick had been only moments before.
Jacques opened his bath towel and spread it out on both sides. Elise undid her towel letting it slide to the floor and then mounted the bed in 69 with Jacques. She carefully lowered her pussy into Jacques' face and took his now rising member between her lips.
Dick needed no further clues. His member was already fully erect as he had been watching the action on the bed, and now he moved behind Elise, and carefully lifted her a mere inch off Jacques lips. He gently slid his member across Jacques' welcoming lips and rotated his member carefully into the engorged labia ahead, slowly working his way in, firmly grasping Elise's taut thighs. As he moved deeper, he changed his hands from her thighs moving around and under to support her pendulous boobs in his hands. No point in doing a full 6-inch retraction now so Dick compromised with a 3 inch oscillation which he moved gradually from slow to quick. Dick built up to pounding and pounding Elise's engorged cunt with juice flowing copiously from Elise into Jacques' mouth, with Jacques eagerly licking the shaft continuously. Finally, Elise's PC muscle locked and Dick pulled back almost to fully withdrawn. He changed his hands back to grasping Elise's trembling thighs.
Pushing hard against Elise's spasmed PC muscle, Dick's penis exploded with a massive burst of cum spraying hard against her cervix. Dick managed to retract and drove in hard again, shooting his load of hot, white, sticky fluid into the depths ahead. He paused and Elise relaxed. Carefully now Dick retracted with Jacques carefully cleaning his penis with his tongue as he emerged, still hot and wet. Dick carefully lowered Elise back down onto Jacques lips as Jacques started to slurp the precious honey from Elise's leaking cunt. As a finale, as Jacques completed his cleanup, Elise brought Jacques penis to completion and he ejaculated between her full lips.
Jacques and Elise sat up on the bed and Elise beckoned Dick over to her. She stood up and hugged Dick, engaging him with a full French kiss. "Thank you my newfound FWB, you have made our day in every small detail. Now you know our favourite pastime: the Devereaux Nightcap. I am sure this will only be the first of many. We shall always be looking forward to your visits"
Jacques and Elise then left and Dick relaxed in the comfort of his bed, not bothering to even wash or dress. The house was quiet. Dick started to doze off, when he suddenly realised that there was someone else in the room and that someone was actively sucking his dick. Soom he felt a pussy in his face and he realised that Lisa was now in a 69 with him.
So be it, in for a penny, and so he and Lisa spent some quality time gently fucking away and 69'ing until the sun started to streak the sky.