To: Colby Baxter From: Miranda Quinn
Subject: Shopping
Colby,
My girls are headed with their father out of town for the weekend. I am planning a day at the mall. If Amy is free, I'd love to have her join me. She can just text me at xxx-xxx-xxxx.
Miranda
Colby's dick twitched at the email. It was Friday afternoon with an hour left in work. His heart raced as he forwarded the message to Amy. He just wrote, 'Too bad we already made plans!' He didn't want to make it appear as though he was too eager for her to go with Miranda. He and Amy had discussed visiting her grandmother for the day, which was an hour away. He was sure she'd agree and say, 'maybe another time' to the proposal.
15 minutes after he sent the email his phone buzzed.
'Hey Honey! Mind if I go tomorrow? I can use a new dress for Cindy's wedding.'
'Sure' He removed the exclamation point to conceal any excitement, but his pants weren't concealing his bodies reaction to Amy's text.
His dick immediately hardened at the thought of the two of them spending the day together. He didn't understand the extent of the torture he'd face being stuck with only his thoughts and fantasies for the day, but he was extremely excited about the situation.
...
Amy was shocked by the email. A nervous buzz rose from her belly, through her chest and up into her head. She felt like an excited school girl being invited to the cool-girl sleep over. She started slightly panicking over the day. What should she wear? What would they talk about? Would they meet there or would one of them drive? Oh god, would they talk about what Colby saw?
That one caused her to blush and sent a slight shiver up her spine. A combination of fear and excitement. She had to maintain her composure. She wanted to show Miranda she was worthy of friendship. She thought about how exciting it would be to regularly socialize with her and even share secrets, another shiver.
'Oh god, do I text her right away?' The struggle began.
'I don't want her to think I'm too excited, but I don't want her plans to change. Oh no, what if her plans change? Or if she decides she doesn't want to drag me around? Would she expect a prompt answer? She is an executive she probably wants promptness. I should text her.
'She carefully added Miranda's name to her contact list. She couldn't believe her finger was shaking from nerves. She thanked God that she didn't have to call her. She knows she'd stumble through the conversation.
...
Miranda couldn't believe she hit send on the email. It was late enough in the day to appear to be an afterthought. She wondered briefly if Colby told Amy that she knew Amy knew he saw her touching herself. He couldn't be that stupid, but a part of her wished he did. Then they could dig into a juicy conversation at lunch and she could gauge Amy's comfort with her to see if she could safely propose her mentorship plan.
"Ha!! Am I insane? Time to get a grip!" Miranda thought as she caught her fantasy minded Cat Woman coming out again.
As if she could even go down that path. Sure, she had gone further than she ever imagined with Colby, but this was Amy. Miranda wasn't about to give off any lesbianic vibes and certainly wasn't sure she ever could go through with any type of sexual interaction with a woman. She had her share of sexually charged discussions and even once pretended to be asleep in college when her roommate fucked her boyfriend in the room. Sure, the experience of hearing a woman in the throes of passion turned her on and she did imagine what it would be like to join in, but she never could act on it.
Maybe she'd just naturally become Amy's mentor. Not even just sexually, she thought. Maybe she'd become her career counselor and help guide her through the challenges life throws at you when you're down. That thought made her feel grounded, but the buzz of her phone (only twenty minutes after she emailed Colby) made her tingle in anticipation. She caught her breath.
'Hi Miranda! Thank you so much for inviting me shopping. I'd love to go!! I have to get a dress and shoes for a wedding we have next weekend. This was perfect timing!!'
'Great glad you can make it. I think my place is closer to the mall. Why don't you come here and then I'll drive from my place? Say 11:00am?'
'Great!! Just send me your address and I'll see you at 11:00!!'
Miranda sent the address and immediately added Amy to her contact list. Her mind went into overdrive. She made a note to stop at the liquor store to pick up more wine, some for her and some in case Amy wanted to join her for a drink following shopping. Tim was away tonight so she'd be left with her thoughts. The wine would help her toy with her rational plan in ways that would make her pre-sleep ritual more exciting.
...
She looked amazing. Colby's suspicions about Amy's feelings for Miranda were confirmed. She had a touch of makeup on and her hair was done up wavier than usual. He smelled her perfume from a further distance than he had ever smelled it and the blouse she wore with the designer pants was hot and looked like something she never wore when they went to the mall together. If it wasn't 11am and wasn't his wife, he thought she'd be going clubbing.
"Wow! You look fantastic!" Colby gawked.
"Thanks, you really think so?"
"Uh yeah! Trying to impress someone?" He said with a grin.
It made her a little self-conscious and defensive because it was so true.
"Miranda is so stylish, like the most stylish woman I know. I don't want to be walking around the mall looking like trash with her."
Colby bought it. He still knew Miranda occupied a not so hidden fantasy in her mind, but Amy's answer made him doubt anything could happen between them.
'Well not on a first date!' He chuckled to himself.
"So what is the plan?" Colby wondered how long he'd be tortured wondering what was happening.
"I have no idea. I'm sure she is a busy woman and it'll just be a few hours!"
"And if not, if she wants to have dinner or something?"
His question really was meant to be innocent. There were a few friends who were still single that he thought he could catch up with and kill time and didn't want to worry about a time limit for himself. But it did ignite Amy's imagination. She started thinking about the two of them heading to a nice restaurant and having drinks.
"Well, I doubt it. But why don't you head out with a friend. No sense in you sitting around all day waiting for me."
"So you don't mind if I'm not home till later tonight!"
"Of course not. Go have fun!"
She now felt free to allow her day to unfold without restrictions.
...
She pulled into Miranda's drive. Her heart was racing. She wasn't sure if she should wait in the car or go to the door. She gathered her purse and headed to the door. Miranda was adding the final touches of eye liner when the doorbell rang. She took a deep breath examined her makeup and headed down to open the door. She was taken aback by how stylish Amy looked. She smiled warmly and invited her in. Amy's blush told Miranda more than all the words before could have ever told her.
"Come on in, I just have to get my coat and keys."
"Thank you again for inviting me! Your house is amazing!"
"Thanks! Not sure how much longer I'll have it, but I do love it!" The comment even made Miranda sad with reflection.
"Oh, Colby told me about your divorce. I am so sorry!"
"I'm sad about the house!" Miranda said with a grin. "Not the divorce. Sometimes life's changes bring you great satisfaction. It's amazing how renewed I have felt since the separation!" She glowed when she said it and it made Amy blush again.
Miranda instinctively knew she was imagining what Colby saw. She loved when people were so easy to read. It brought out her inner cat woman again. Today would be fun pushing the boundaries with such a newly sexually realized beauty.
"Well, let's go find you a dress that makes the men bend over from excitement!"
Amy blushed again. She knew she had a hard time hiding her emotions and reactions but what Miranda didn't realize was that Amy's physical reaction of blushing spread through her whole body and warmed parts that longed to be explored. Amy actually enjoyed the feeling. She hoped Miranda would stretch the boundaries of her mind in a new direction. Help her become a woman of power and control.
...
The day was an amazing success on every level. Both women felt a connection that was obvious to the other. A strong sense of friendship had formed. Miranda had pushed her sexual mind several times throughout the day, enjoying Amy's blushing and her own occasional awkward innuendo. They decided to finish the day with a late afternoon lunch at a nice Italian restaurant just outside the mall.
Miranda ordered wine and Amy decided to follow suit. The conversation focused on the menu and what looked good. They each finished their first glass of wine before they ordered.
"So that dress really does look amazing on you Amy. The bride will not be happy you are there!" Miranda complimented, starting a new direction in conversation to enjoy the wine with. "But her husband might!" She topped it off after her first sip.
"Oh, I don't know about all that!" Amy blushed. "You really think it looks good on me?"
She was starting to feel bold, but wanted to time her conversation carefully, so she filtered some of the thoughts riding in her head.
"You'll be turning lots of heads! Do you have a piece of jewelry to accent the dress with?"
Amy wasn't as fashionably sensible as Miranda.
"Do you think I should buy something else?"
"No! No. When we get back to my house we can go through my jewelry box. I have lots of stuff that would look really nice with that dress!"
Amy blushed at the thought of going back to Miranda's and Miranda caught it and saw it as her chance for a toe dip.
"Are you uncomfortable wearing my jewelry?" She asked sweetly.
"No, not at all, I'd really appreciate it." "Oh, it looked like you blushed, I thought maybe you didn't want to say you were uncomfortable with it?"
Amy felt somewhat trapped by the comment she felt the blood rush to her cheeks and her chest tighten. It wasn't as if Miranda was being accusatory but the pleasant, yet forward approach to her feelings was causing her to react like she was caught doing (or in this case thinking) something wrong.
"No, no, I'd love to try on your jewelry!" It was all she could say.
She took another big swig of wine to try to calm her nerves. Her chest and neck were burning, but she couldn't help noticing her vagina tingling as well.
"Oh! Oh no!!" This was it, Miranda was going to cross the line.
There seemed to be the right amount of wine and sexual tension to finally address the issue. How far she went depended on how hard her prey struggled.
"Crap!! He told you, didn't he? Oh my god I'm so embarrassed." Miranda's acting was good.
She was slightly embarrassed, but she also knew Amy was somewhat turned on by the whole situation. Amy didn't know what to say. She wasn't a good liar and she felt some relief that the conversation would happen.
"Oh, don't be embarrassed! Colby should have never barged in! It's your office!" She was stumbling.
"Oh, he was innocent, he just wanted to impress me by getting his files to me early!"
She decided against saying he impressed her in other ways too, but had a gut feeling she could have gotten away with it.
"It's just that, I don't know. I guess something has gotten into me since my divorce. Something I wish I had at your age... Desire! I think about my lover and the things we do so much, and I just have to scratch that itch sometimes. God you must think I'm a whore!"
"A whore!! No way." Amy caught the attention of some ladies sitting nearby, not realizing her volume.
The wine was settling in nicely! "You are like, my idol. I have always thought that you were so together and powerful." Amy confessed with confidence and passion.
"Ha, and now you think I am a mess!" Miranda was leading Amy down the trail nicely.
"No, no!! Oh god..." She finished her wine in two gulps.
"It's just, I don't know...it's just that thinking of you doing something so sensual and vulnerable is kind of cool!"
"Cool?"
"No not cool! Ugh!! I don't know, it's just nice to know you are a normal woman with desires. And the fact that you did it at work is actually...I don't know...sexy!" Now it was Amy who made Miranda blush.
"You have no idea how much that means to me Amy. It takes a very mature woman to not get upset with the woman who got caught masturbating in front of her husband! I appreciate you not being mad with me!" She reached out and put her hand on Amy's hand and held eye contact for just a little longer than normal.
"And let him stay to watch!" Amy said with a sly grin as she took another swig of her wine.
Miranda was not going to allow the balance of power to swing to Amy. She tingled with the comment but wanted to return the feeling!
"Mmmmm...I was at the point where I just couldn't stop! I just hope that maybe it has made things a bit more exciting in your home!" Miranda deepened her voice just a bit and cocked her eyebrow for effect as she sipped from her glass.
Amy blushed and smiled. "You have no idea." she said smiling as she looked down at her glass.
The tension was broken by the waitress serving their salads. The remainder of the conversation was pleasant and full of giggles and girl talk. The sexual peak in the discussion before the waitress interrupted was strong enough to maintain arousal in both women.
The ride home was the same. It was as if neither wanted to impact the delicate balance of conversation that they had reached by trying to revisit before the setting was right. And what better setting to revisit than Miranda's bedroom?
She pulled her jewelry box onto her bed and began to lay out her various necklaces on the comforter.
"You should put the dress on. We can have some fun getting this right."
Miranda had a glass of wine in one hand and Amy set hers down on the bureau next to the large bottle that Miranda set there when they came up. Miranda was proud that she had the foresight to buy the large bottle the night before. She was buzzing now and wondering where this would all lead.
Amy was buzzing too. Maybe even stronger than Miranda. As she unbuckled her designer pants and slid them down she noticed Miranda blush a bit and avert her eyes when She looked up. She was wearing traditional styled panties that had red hearts all over them. She took off her blouse, then turned her back to Miranda to take her bra off as she pulled the dress out of the bag. She slipped it over her head and fell nicely to her hips. A little wiggle and tug and the dress was set.
Miranda thought how nicely it set. Watching her change was highly erotic.
"You'll need a thong!"
"Huh? You really think so?" Amy's face touched red again.
"Definitely! You can see your line right...here!" Miranda told her as she stood and ran her finger along the edge of her underwear and ass.
Feeling daring, Amy pulled the dress up to reach her panties and hooked her thumbs in and pulled them down slowly. Bending at the hips like Miranda had done for Tim so many times. Miranda now understood the effect from the viewers perspective. If she had a cock it would be swelling. Instead she felt the warm wetness buzz below.
Amy stepped out of her panties and ran her hands over her ass while looking in the mirror at herself. She giggled, "maybe no panties?"
Miranda rubbed her ass where she had before "Definitely, no panties! Although you may have trouble keeping Colby down!" She laughed.
"He does have trouble keeping that big thing down. I swear he has been hard 24/7 lately!" Amy said with a laugh.
"Lucky you!"
"It's taken awhile, but ever since he caught you he has been a wild man. And the effects are rubbing off!" Amy said as she looked at her ass in the dress over her shoulder in Miranda's mirror.
"Good, you need a little fun! Come over here and try this on."
Miranda grabbed her hand and walked her to the bed to sit down and look at the jewelry. Amy's heart skipped, and she knew what she wanted. Her mind prepared to say it as she sat on the bed. Miranda picked up an expensive looking necklace and leaned over to put it on Amy. She didn't bother going behind her but wrapped her arms around her neck to fasten the clasp. Amy's heart raced, and warmth spread through her chest and vagina.
"Can you show me?" Amy practically begged in a nervous whisper into Miranda's ear as she was leaning in and fastening the necklace. Miranda kept her arms around her neck for a moment.
"Show you what, dear!"
Amy swallowed and looked in Miranda's eyes, the effect was strong on both of them.
"Can you show me what Colby saw!" Her eyes shot down as the words set in like fire for both of them.
Miranda's buzz made the effect even stronger. She leaned in slowly and gently kissed Amy's lips. Amy felt the softness on her lips closed her eyes and began to open her mouth, but Miranda stood up. She slowly gathered all the jewelry and put the box back onto the bureau. She took another sip of wine then slowly removed her sweater revealing just her purple laced bra. Then she slipped off her boots and slowly unbuckled her belt. Another sip of wine.
Amy watched from the bed. The tightness returned to her chest as she watched in anxious anticipation. Frozen. Miranda sipped wine again then filled her glass and turned to Amy.
"More wine?"
"Yes, please!" Amy said as she was relieved at the break in the tension.
Miranda poured slowly allowing the 'please' to rattle through her body tingling every nerve ending. She wondered if she could get her to say it again.
"Mmmmmmm...your so polite. It's so refreshing," she was prepping her, almost willing it to be her next answer. "So, you want to watch me touch myself?"
She asked slowly and seductively, while adding more wine to her libido fire. A pause. Amy knew what she wanted and she knew it would excite her saying it.
"Yes...please!" She almost whispered it. But loud enough to send a surge of pleasure between Miranda's legs.
"Mmmmmmmm...you are the teacher's pet, aren't you?"
Amy wanted the volley to continue, but she certainly didn't feel as though she was in Miranda's league. She turned to find her spot back on the edge of the bed and with her back to her for that moment said, "I hope to be!"
As she sat back down on the bed Miranda was unzipping her pants. She slightly turned her back and slowly lowered them to the floor. Mimicking Amy's earlier move. Miranda's toned legs led up to her firm ass which revealed a purple thong with pink lining.
Amy took in her body as a man would. Her mouth slightly agape and bewilderment and lust in her eyes. She really couldn't believe she was in this moment. Miranda walked over to the head of the bed and turned soft music on her clock radio. She wanted to set the mood. She climbed onto the king-sized bed and knelt with her ass facing Amy as she arranged the pillows.
Amy was burning with anticipation. She was almost finished the glass of wine and still felt odd at not knowing what to do but stare. Miranda leaned over to grab her drink one last time before her show would begin. She took a long and slow sip. She took some stray pillows she didn't need for support and tossed them towards Amy. Purposefully making them closer to her. "Might as well make yourself comfortable!" Miranda encouraged.
Amy laid on her side. She placed both pillows under her armpit and held her head up with her hand. Using the other hand to keep her drink from spilling. Miranda sat back in the middle of the bed. It began to set in that this moment was really happening. It had been just a fantasy in her mind but now it was a reality.
Her intoxicated mind played with that power a bit and encouraged her to make this a memorable moment for both of them. She spread her legs and began tracing the outline of her purple panties with her purple fingernails.
"So, you've been imagining yourself watching me Amy?"
She was used to Tim teasing her into answering questions about her naughty thoughts and now she would use that technique on Amy to make this an amazing experience.
"I haven't been able to stop thinking about it!" Amy blushed again.
The heat pushing her to a new level of desire. Miranda slowly pulled aside her panties to reveal her neatly trimmed area. She began slowly rubbing around her vagina warming things up.
"Well, I hope I can live up to your imagination!"
"Oh god, you already have!"
The affirmation caused Miranda to break her seal and slide her finger into her hole. She was practically dripping with wetness as she slowly slid her finger through her lips to lightly stroke her bud. She let out a soft moan, which flooded Amy's body with desire.
"God you're so beautiful doing that!" Amy whispered, while adjusting her position in response to the feelings in her body and to get a better view.
She was careful not to go to close because she didn't want to break her concentration. Miranda moaned and began rubbing more vigorously. Amy could hear the wetness of her fingers rubbing. She realized Miranda liked hearing how hot it was.
"Oh Miranda, you have no idea how hot you look!" She whispered. Her mouth was literally watering.
"Mmmmmmmmm!"
Miranda was driven crazy by the fact that Amy was watching her. She was actually in her room, on her bed, in a beautiful dress, drinking wine and watching her finger fuck herself two feet away. The eroticism was killing her. She wanted her closer. She longed to feel her mouth explore her sex. She looked in her eyes, which were glued to the motions of her fingers.
Amy's mouth was slightly opened, as if she was longing to taste her. Miranda waited patiently till Amy would look up. It was several moments, Amy's eyes seemed tranced by her fingers. Her eyes slowly rose as if it were through Miranda's will that their gaze met. Miranda pulled her index finger from her wetness and lifted it towards Amy in an offering.
"You can taste if you want to".
Amy slowly leaned forward with her mouth open. Her tongue came out and first just gently touched her finger nail. Amy could smell Miranda's musk. It eased through her nostrils from the finger and found her inner most craving, setting them on fire once again. She allowed her tongue to trace the bottom of the outstretched finger as her eyes rose again to Miranda's.
As their eyes locked, she devoured the finger. Her tongue swirled around the digit. Miranda curled the finger in a hooking motion and guided her to her crotch. She was amazed at how easily Amy allowed the guidance. She paused her several inches from her pussy. She wanted Amy to take in more from her aroma and to watch how she worked herself.
She slid her finger out of Amy's mouth and carefully traced her clitoris with the wetness from Amy's mouth. Amy watched as Miranda's fingers magically explored the beautiful pinkness before her. She took in the intoxicating scent and craved to be touched that way. Miranda could feel Amy's hot breath on her hand and pussy. It sent her into overdrive.
"Please taste me!" She whimpered.
Amy didn't need a second invitation. She slowly adjusted herself for her mouth to be on target. She lightly flicked her tongue. Teasing Miranda. Miranda grabbed the back of her head and pulled her in. Not like she did with Tim, but instead as a kind instructor. Amy began slowly at first, lapping and tonguing in all the right spots.
"Oh, that is so fucking good baby. That feels so incredible."
Her words drove Amy crazy, they pushed her to become more rigorous in her approach. She greedily lapped at Miranda, determined to get her off.
Miranda's responses grew more vocal and physical. She held onto Amy's beautiful brown hair. The feeling of a woman's soft mouth exploring her was a new and wonderful feeling that she only imagined. Deep behind the swirling pleasure and focus on her feeling, she began to look forward to returning the favor. She was deeply curious if she could be as good at pleasing a woman as she was a man. Instinctively she knew the answer, but she wanted proof in the experience.
"Fuck Amy, your mouth is amazing. Oh god I can't believe I have your beautiful mouth on my pussy, god it feels so fucking good!!"
She was about to lose it. Amy felt Miranda clamp onto her hair and pull her in a little harder. She increased the swirl of her tongue and focused on her bud.
"Oh fuck! That's it! Shit, right there! Aghhhh!" Miranda came hard in her mouth.
Amy kept kissing softly, so proud of herself and so wanting more. She knew how she wanted Miranda to return the favor, but she wanted her to catch her breath and enjoy the afterglow, as she had recently discovered with Colby.
Miranda softly stroked her hair. Running her fingers through her hair and around her ear. Twirling it in her fingers. Taking in the joy of a female connection. Soft and subtle. Miranda rest her head on her inner thigh and allowed her to sooth the both of them.
"I think I'm ready to return the favor" Miranda said with a soft laugh.
"That was so amazing. You taste amazing!"
"Mmmmmm...can I taste?" Amy realized that they just had an amazing sexual experience and she had not kissed Miranda. She didn't want to show it, but she felt more nervous about the kiss than eating her out. She slowly moved up and eased into her spent body.
The closer she got the less anxious and more drawn in she was. Their lips met, and tongues danced slowly. They both thought how refreshingly soft and tender the kiss was. It was a much different experience than a man. It made their juices flow strong. Amy pulled away and knelt before her and with one swift motion pulled her dress over her head revealing her tight body. Miranda allowed her hands to explore Amy's ribs and hips and stomach. Amy leaned in to kiss her again. Their lips locked in passion and Miranda's hand reached for Amy's wetness. Amy pulled back with a grin. It confused Miranda. She leaned in and licked her ear softly, then whispered, "I have a special request!"
"Anything!"
Amy turned around. Miranda couldn't keep her hands off her, immediately rubbing her back and butt. Amy sat directly in front of Miranda and leaned back. She sat back up, "can you take your bra off?" Miranda complied.
Amy leaned back into Miranda. She could feel Miranda's erect nipples on her back and feel her wet pussy on her lower back. She turned her neck to kiss her again and then reached back to grab her right arm. She allowed her hands to slide up Miranda's arm to her hand. Then she lowered the hand to her pussy.
"I want to watch your fingers touch me!"
Miranda's desire regrew in her loins. It was such a sensual request. She knew Amy had thought about how she touched herself and now she wanted to feel it.
"You want me to play with your pussy like it's mine?" Miranda whispered hot and heavy in her ear.
"Yes!" Amy whispered back. Miranda's hand teased around Amy's newly trimmed bush and played with her outer region.
"Well it is mine!" She whispered as she slid her hand into the moistness of Amy's slit.
Amy let out a whimper as Miranda masterfully played with her pussy. Miranda could tell that Amy wasn't going to last long. The heat of this session had been so intense that she was already close to orgasm. Miranda wanted to plant the seeds for the future.
"Mmmmmm. Amy, you are like my little intern. Would you like to be my intern?" Her voice was lower and her cadence was seductive.
"Yes, please!"
'Ooh, this girl new how to tweak her' Miranda thought.
"Mmmmm...good! Because your mouth felt so good. I want to feel that mouth again and again!"
"Oh, God I'd like that!"
"And I want to taste you and bring you to this kind of pleasure!"
"Oh please!" Amy was getting closer. They both new it.
"What can I teach you?"
"Everything!"
Amy's mind raced with Miranda's fingers. She was trying to hold out she wanted to hear and feel more.
"Do you want me to teach you how to fuck?" The words drove into Amy's core and sent a tingle.
"Yes, please!"
"Do you want me to teach you how to suck cock?" Again, the words had their effect. She was so close.
"Yes! Please"
"Oh, I want you to watch me, like you watched me touch myself. Mmmmmmm. That was so good being watched by you. You taking your notes so you'd know how to use your tongue. God your such a good student aren't you?"
"Yes!" The peak was coming. The intensity rose.
"I can't wait to be your teacher Amy!" She whispered it hot and heavy in her ear while her fingers rubbed her clit harder.
Her mouth and tongue explored Amy's ear and neck and the heat from her breath sent chills through her body triggering the orgasm to begin. Her body pulled up and Miranda pulled her ass back in close.
"Oh, fuck yeah. God you are magic! Oh, it feels so, so gooood!"
Her body exploded in pleasure. Miranda held her until she knew she couldn't take anymore. Amy slumped forward. Exposing her back and ass to her. Miranda slowly traced her hands all over Amy's back. She was so satisfied with such an amazing first. She wondered if Amy was embarrassed or was questioning herself as she lay there.
"Now that it's over, you sure you want me as your mentor?"
It was a long pause. As if Amy had just learned her first lesson, she made Miranda wait and suffer a bit, knowing exactly what she was worried about. Amy sat up quickly and turned around to look her in the eyes. She waited. Then smiled with a devilish smile.
"Yes, please!"