Continued from Katie and Paul Part 6...
Paul had been out of the house most of yesterday and annoyingly wouldn't tell me where he'd been. He had a big grin on his face each time I quizzed him, so I suspected he'd been planning something.
We'd woken this morning, and Paul had told me we were going out for the day. I'd asked if I needed to wear anything in particular, and Paul said just to wear flat shoes or trainers. Not even a skirt or stockings request. Maybe this was just to be a normal day out, rather than exhibiting ourselves. We hadn't done so for about a month now, since we uploaded the photos on the website Claire had made us aware of. Some of the comments had given us a few ideas, but we hadn't taken up any offers yet.
I had booked a holiday to Greece, on one of the islands, where we would be going in a few weeks. I hadn't told Paul why I'd really chosen to go there, pointing out the amazing pools, including an infinity pool with surrounding views across the sea and bay area, and the luxury rooms with large balconies overlooking the same area. I'd booked a room on a high floor for a better view, but neglected to tell Paul the real reason was there were several nudist beaches within easy reach of the hotel itself. He'd read the comment on the website, not realising how intrigued I'd been to try it out.
Lying on a beach naked, while being watched by other naked people, in public, made me very wet thinking about it.
I'd decided to wear a black skirt with my flat black shoes, and a loose-fitting top that complimented the skirt. I asked Paul if this was okay, and he said I looked fine. He asked if I'd still got my leather slip-on trainers, and pulled a face when I said I'd thrown them out as they had a hole in. He looked out of the window and said "It's not cloudy and it hasn't been raining, they should be fine," while looking back at my shoes.
His poker face was good, he was giving nothing away. Paul was wearing jeans and a T-shirt, and his favourite trainers. His look almost convinced me we were just going shopping or something. We got our phones and bags ready and went out to the car. Paul wasn't going to be drinking then.
We'd been in the car for around ninety minutes when I saw a familiar sight.
"Are we going to the shopping complex?" My thoughts turned to Sarah from the shoe shop.
"No, but around by there," Paul replied.
"Oooh, are we going to that park nearby then?" I asked a little too excitedly. My pussy started to tingle as I had even sexier thoughts about Sarah.
"Close by there, yes." Paul was not going to let me know what he had in store. I playfully punched the top of his arm.
We drove around the side of the park, through a small gate, and down a small country road. We turned off into an almost hidden gateway, just big enough for the car to fit through, and followed a small trail. This wasn't a road as such, just a set of muddy tyre tracks with a grass verge on either side. About thirty seconds later we reached a car park, or at least it passed as a car park. Loose gravel and stones had been placed onto the muddy area to make it less slippy for cars.
Paul drove to the far end, where I could see a grassy pathway between two hedges, going off towards a woody area. He parked with the passenger side of the car as close to the pathway as possible. A middle-aged couple walked past the front of the car and waved to us.
"Nice day for it," the woman said, her husband smiling in agreement.
"Hopefully it is!" shot back Paul, trying to suppress his laughter.
"So what do you have planned then?" I asked him when his laughter had subsided.
Paul asked me for my phone, and from the side of his seat pulled out a selfie stick. He also passed me an A4 sheet of paper, it was a street map satellite view he had printed off the internet. I gazed at it, turning the paper until it made sense. There was a car park marked at the bottom of the page, and it had Start Point written by it. It was a heavily wooded area that had a pathway that seemed to zigzag through. At the top of the page was a second smaller car park, entitled Finish. Along the pathway on the printout were five yellow marks at various points.
I guessed it was a map of where we were now but still didn't know what it all meant. Paul had fixed my phone to the selfie stick, but still not said anything.
"Get out of the car, leave the door open, and get undressed," he said nonchalantly. "You can put your shoes back on though."
I looked around but there was nobody about. "Are you serious?" I asked.
"Trust me, I walked the route yesterday, it will be fun," he explained.
I was confused but intrigued enough that I could feel myself getting excited.
"Are you going to tell me what we're doing then?" I asked.
"Undress first, answers second," he said.
We were the only ones in the car park, so I opened the door and got out. The way we had parked the door blocked the entrance to the pathway, and the hedge was tall enough that no-one could see over it. My heart raced as I pulled off my top and undid my bra, looking around at all times. Paul beckoned me to throw my clothes into the car, which I did. I pushed my skirt down over my hips and let it fall to the floor, and turned my back to the car to remove it from my ankles. Staying bent over, I slipped my knickers down and removed them also. Paul couldn't resist running a finger along my slit and onto my clit. I was already getting wet.
I turned back to him, and he handed me the selfie stick. The phone was on video mode and was already recording.
"Right then, you're ready. Follow the map until you reach the other car park. The yellow marked points indicate a small clearing. Go in through the gap in the hedge or trees, and you'll see a tree stump and a pile of leaves. There is something in each pile, you'll have to dig in to find it. I'll be waiting for you at the other car park. Oh, and remember to keep filming yourself at all times."
He gave me a cheeky wink and pointed towards the pathway.
"You're leaving me here naked? What happens if I bump into anyone?" I asked.
"Make sure you are filming!" he replied.
I gulped at the thought of just casually walking around naked. I enjoyed showing myself off to people, but this seemed different. I was a little apprehensive, but at the same time very excited. I looked at the map, the first yellow mark didn't seem too far from the start. I closed the door a little nervously, Paul blew me a kiss and drove off. I held the phone out in front of me, pointing at me, and walked to the pathway.
I peered down the path before starting to walk down it. I'm not sure what I'd intended to do if someone was coming, Paul had gone. Maybe I'd have tried to hide behind one of the other parked cars.
It didn't take me long to notice a gap in the hedge, and I squeezed through it. it was quite blocked off still, but three trees had been cut down. I checked by one and found the leaves pile, and ran my hand through it, uncovering a small plastic bag. I unwrapped the bag, and inside was an envelope marked 1 with a folded piece of paper in, and a pair of black tights. I opened the paper, and on it was written:
"Put these on, and wear them until the end. I've chosen these as from the side they will look like trousers. Hopefully."
I placed the selfie stick on one of the tree stumps so it faced me, slipped off my shoes, and pulled on the tights. I had them to my knees and went to pull them to my waist, and realised they were crotchless. I got them on right and saw what Paul had meant. The side was quite full, so a side-on view of me you couldn't tell my ass and pussy were on show. Paul also knows I really like the feel of nylon on my legs. I slipped my shoes back on, and ran my hands up my legs, grazing my inner thigh where the fabric ended. I could already feel the heat from my damp pussy.
I picked up the selfie stick and peered out through the gap onto the pathway. I could see no-one around. I quickly checked the map, the next yellow mark would be just before I had to turn a corner, where the path almost doubled back on itself. I walked out onto the pathway and continued to walk towards my next destination. The feel of the light breeze across my naked top half was quite refreshing and relaxing.
I walked up the pathway for a further ten minutes. A few times I thought I'd heard a noise but could see no-one, I was looking at the hedges and trees at the sides of the path for hiding places, but there wouldn't be much disguising my nakedness. I could see that the path seemed to lead straight into some trees blocking the way, so it looked like I was nearing where the path turned.
Just as I started looking for the next yellow mark, something startled me. A woman, who looked around the same age as me in her early 20s, came jogging around the corner, heading right towards me. I quickly looked on either side of the path, there was nowhere to hide. I had to front her out. There was a tree to my left, so I leaned against it, holding the selfie stick behind me, my left arm stretched across my breasts trying to hide them.
She got closer to me and her expression didn't change. She ran up towards me, raised a hand, and said Hi. Instinctively I raised my free hand to wave back, but in doing so flashed my naked breasts at her. She smiled broadly as she ran past, and shouted over her shoulder "I hope you've put plenty of suncream on!"
I'd been apprehensive since I undressed. I'm used to being in control while showing myself off, this was out of my comfort zone. However, her reaction to seeing me made me more relaxed. I walked a little further up the path and found the next marker. There were trees here, I could see through to the other side where the pathway led, but only just. I went through, found the piles of leaves, and moved them about until another plastic bag was in view.
This had an envelope marked 2, which I opened, unfolded the note, and read from it:
"Now keep this in until the end."
I couldn't see anything. I looked to the floor, and something was lying there, it must not have been in the bag. I picked it up and saw that it was a butt plug. It was still in its original packaging but had been cut open at one side so that the butt plug could be removed. There was a small squeezy bottle with liquid in it, I squeezed a little onto one finger. It was lube.
I put my hand down to my pussy, which was quite wet. I used one and then two fingers with the lube on my arsehole, and inserted the butt plug into my pussy to get that wet. I eventually had it inserted, and stood up and looked around. I thought I'd heard a noise again but could see no-one. I moved towards the pathway and walked out. The butt plug filling my arse was sending sensations of pleasure through my body. I'd thought about trying to wear my own realistic butt plug at work before, walking with this one in made me sure I was going to have to do so sooner rather than later.
I'd checked the map, and the next yellow marker was about halfway towards the next turning point. I walked on, a more confident swagger about me. I positioned the camera behind me now, to get a good view of my arse and also where I was headed rather than where I'd come from.
The warmth from the sun, and the pleasant quiet surroundings, had made me feel at ease, I was almost daydreaming. A sudden noise bought me back to my senses. A largeish dog was bounding towards me. I couldn't see anyone behind the dog, but it had a lead trailing and dragging behind it. As it got closer I saw it was a Chocolate Labrador.
The dog had seen me now and bundled into me, almost knocking me over. He kept jumping up to me playfully, and I started stroking under his chin and rubbing his back. I think subconsciously I was trying to calm him down. I heard voices and looked down the path. A middle-aged couple were running towards me, shouting out for the dog.
They both stopped dead in their tracks as they got up close. They must have been startled by the sight, not only had their dog found another human to play with, this one was half-naked. The man's eyes were on stalks, his wife eyeing me up and down whilst also trying to show her mild disproval at her husband staring at me.
"He's a very nice dog," I blurted out.
The woman looked at me and asked if I was okay as I was so undressed. She noticed the phone on the selfie stick behind me.
"Are you filming yourself? Is this some kind of dare?" she asked. She smiled as she said it, obviously intrigued.
"Yes I am, my boyfriend asked me to do it. He wanted me to see what people's reactions would be," I told her. A little white lie never hurt anyone I thought.
"Aren't you scared that someone may do something you don't want?" she replied.
"My boyfriend is watching out of sight, I'm safe enough," I told her. Another little white lie.
Her husband was still staring. He couldn't decide whether to try to peek at my half-hidden pussy, or just stare at my blatantly exposed breasts.
"To be fair, if I had a body like that I'd probably do something similar too," she giggled. She looked at her husband and playfully slapped the front of his trousers where his crotch was. He yelped a little and pulled a face at her.
"Twenty years ago we'd have done things like this," he said, "But I doubt we'd have got a good reception back then if anyone had bumped into us."
"Well you're obviously enjoying the view now, I could feel your semi-erect penis when I slapped you," she playfully scolded him.
The dog had settled at my feet while we were talking. Suddenly he jumped up against me again, this time I wasn't expecting it. I started to fall while twisting, dropping the selfie stick on the floor. I landed on my knees and put out my hands to stop my fall. Almost ironically, I landed in a perfect doggy position, my arse facing the couple. They gasped in unison. I remembered the butt plug.
"Now if you don't have an erection I'd wonder what the fuck was wrong with you!" I heard her say.
I looked over my shoulder just as I heard the swish of her summer dress being raised. Her hand had grabbed his, and she placed it on her pussy to show him how wet she was getting.
"You're enjoying the view more than me!" he exclaimed.
I got to my feet as he grabbed the dog's lead, and wrapped it around his hand to keep the dog close to him. I brushed down my nyloned legs, they weren't really dirty, the knees were damp from the dewy grass and there were a few loose leaves stuck to me.
"We've embarrassed her enough, let's leave her to carry on now," said the wife. "Pleasure to have met you," added her husband.
They waved and carried on down the path the way I had come. I picked up the selfie stick and carried on also.
I reached the next marker, checked the leaves pile, and pulled out an envelope marked 3. There had been a very large tree here, the tree stump was about three feet wide. It had been cut down so it was about two feet high, it almost made a perfect picnic table.
"Stay on all fours on the tree stump, for ten minutes. Arse facing the entrance. Film towards the entrance as well," the note said.
There was a blindfold with the envelope, and a stopwatch set to ten minutes. I recognised it as Paul's and knew it had an alarm sound when the timer finished. I got myself into position, made sure the phone was pointing the right way, pulled the blindfold over my eyes, and pressed the button to start the countdown.
It seemed like the longest ten minutes of my life. I hadn't heard a sound at all until the timer went off, so didn't think anyone had seen me. However, the position I'd been in and the light breeze across my pussy and clit had set me on fire. I pulled at the butt plug, withdrawing it a little then pushing it back in. It was a nice enough feeling, my stomach and insides were churning with pleasure, but it wasn't my realistic butt plug with the veins. If I been wearing that one I'm sure I'd have come just by walking the trail itself.
I packed the blindfold and stopwatch into the bag and checked the map. The next marker was just around the next turn, onto a final straight pathway which led towards the finishing point at the far car-park. I walked towards it without seeing anyone, but I had that slightly uneasy feeling you have when you're convinced someone is watching you. I kept looking over my shoulder but could see nobody around.
The next marker was a bit clearer to see, it was marked on the path itself. There was a slightly bigger gap between two trees here. I walked in and found the next envelope, number 4. The pile of leaves it was in was at the base of a large tree directly in front of the entrance to the clearing.
"Leaning against the tree, bring yourself close to orgasm without coming. Wait five minutes, and repeat," the note in this envelope said.
I turned and faced where I'd entered between the trees. I was no more than twenty feet away from the pathway. Any noise from me would more than likely be heard. This excited me more than I expected. I spread my legs a little and started to rub at my clit. I was biting my lip to suppress my whimpers of pleasure, but each one sounded like fireworks going off in the quiet peaceful surroundings. The tree was starting to hurt my back, so I stopped and turned around. I leaned my arm with the selfie stick against the side of the trunk, leaning forwards, and put my other hand back to my clit.
I was almost close to coming, my gasps getting louder and louder despite biting my lip, and I pulled my fingers away. I heard what sounded like twigs snapping. I quickly turned, expecting someone behind me. Nobody was there. I stood as still as possible, but the only noise I could hear was the wind rustling the leaves in the branches above me. I waited a few minutes, both for my body to relax and to listen out. I placed my fingers back to my clit, assumed the same position as just leaning against the tree, and stopped just as my orgasm was about to come over me. This time I cried out, I so desperately wanted to come.
My juices were dribbling down my inner thighs, the nylon on my thighs was showing patches where they were acting as a dam. I rubbed at the juices, sliding my fingers into my mouth to taste myself. I'd cleaned myself up as much as possible, as headed out onto the path to continue to the final marker. I thought I'd heard a noise again, but could still see nobody.
The final marker was showing on the map as very close to the end of the pathway. I got towards it and noticed a very big yellow arrow pointing to a gap in the trees. This seemed a little too obvious, so I wondered what was in store. I very slowly edged my way into the clearing, it seemed a lot bigger than the others. I could make out a shadow on the floor, and peering around the trees could see a foot. There was someone in the clearing already.
I kept as quiet as possible, while trying to edge forwards and peek in. Perhaps someone had seen the arrow on the floor and had come to investigate. Was this part of Paul's plan? The arrow had seemed a little too noticeable.
I finally managed to see a bit further into the clearing. I could see a naked leg, quite hairy so obviously, it was a male. My mind was telling me to be wary, this could be a stranger. If it was, did Paul know? And if so, what did he think I would do?
I turned the selfie stick to behind me, so I'd be filming whoever was inside. I took another step forward and now noticed the man wasn't wearing anything below the waist, his erection in hand while he stroked it slowly. It was a very decent size, about as big as Paul's, a good eight inches. I stood looking at it for a few seconds, feeling the excitement flowing through me. I moved forward a little more, enough to notice he wasn't wearing a top either. He was very lean and seemed quite tall.
I bit the bullet and walked into the clearing. He was sitting on an old park bench.
"Fuck me you took your time, I didn't think you were going to get here!" Paul exclaimed on seeing me.
"How long have you been here?" I asked, still watching his cock.
"I dropped you off, parked the car, and came straight over here," he answered.
I took a quick look around him. "Where are your clothes?" I asked.
"In the car with yours!" he replied. He pointed to the floor where he had placed his phone and car keys.
I didn't say anything else. I was still watching him stroke his cock, and that coupled with the feel of the butt plug and me recently bringing myself close to orgasm twice, I needed to be filled. I walked over, straddled him, and sank straight onto him. His hands went straight to my tits, kneading them and pulling my nipples while lifting and pulling me back down onto his length. I was whimpering like mad, and it didn't take me long to come.
My body started to relax when I heard a noise behind me. I looked over my shoulder and saw a chocolate labrador. It came right up behind me and started sniffing and licking my upper legs, getting really close to my arse. Paul reached around to rub the dog's head when the dog's owners walked in after him.
"Oh, erm, hi again," said the husband, recognising me. Paul looked at me puzzled.
"We've met already, further down the trail," his wife explained.
"Have you been following me all this time?" I asked.
"Not really, we could see you from a distance, and the dog kept running up towards you, but we weren't deliberately watching you. Not that hubby didn't want to keep seeing you," she said.
"Has anyone else seen you in here?" her husband added.
"We haven't seen anyone else at the entrance, no," said Paul.
"We watch from the car sometimes," said the wife. By way of explanation, she pointed towards the car park. It was about fifty feet away, but although there were a lot of trees about you could still see the cars parked up.
"Have you finished, did we get here too late?" the wife asked. Paul told her I'd come but he hadn't, so we had plenty in the tank yet. She moved closer to us, away from the entrance, and put down her handbag. It was open, and I noticed her bra sticking out of it. She very quickly in one movement pulled the summer dress over her head and stood there with just her knickers on. She turned to her hubby, who by now had fastened the dog's lead around a tree, undid his belt and trousers, and dropped them to the floor. His cock was already fully erect, not quite as big as Paul's but still a very nice size. She started to stroke him, slowly and gently.
I gave Paul the selfie stick so he could hold it behind him, and asked if they minded us filming them. They both nodded eagerly. The husband asked Paul if he could give him his email address later, so he could send him a copy of the recording. Paul agreed. I got off Paul so that I could turn to face the couple. The wife gasped when she saw Paul's cock, it glistened as the sunlight shone on it coated in my juices.
I sat back down onto Paul and leaned back against him. I sat still with him fully impaled in me, my legs spread as far as I could get them. The husband was staring intently between my legs and didn't notice his wife kneel in front of him and take his cock in her mouth. He groaned very loudly and threw his head back. It was the first time he'd lost sight of me since they walked into the clearing.
She started to suck him deeply, changing her angle so she could look between my legs too. I assumed she was trying to see Paul's cock rather than my pussy, so I raised myself until almost all of Paul's cock was withdrawn, just the very tip still in me. She gasped, and her hand shot between her legs. She tried rubbing at her clit, but realised it would be easier if she removed her knickers. She took her mouth off her husband, stood up, removed the knickers, and threw them into her handbag.
She knelt back down and resumed the same position. With them both now staring between my legs, I started to ride Paul, slowly at first and getting faster and faster. The wife's hand became a blur, and she came, crying out in pleasure. She slumped backward, her husband grabbed his cock and starting to wank while still watching me. She put a hand up to stop him, crawled in front of him on all fours, and beckoned him behind her. He entered her quickly and she cried out again.
She was no more than two feet from Paul and me, so had a very closeup view of Paul's cock sliding in and out of me. Her hubby was leaning to either side to keep looking too. I reached down and started to finger my clit, when I felt her hand come out and touch mine. I moved my hand, as she started to rub my clit for me. Her hubby went berserk at that, thrusting into her so hard she was being thrown forwards uncontrollably. He didn't last much longer before he withdrew, moved to the side of her, and started wanking towards her face and my pussy. She moved her mouth up but had barely started blowing him again before he started spurting. His come went everywhere, on her face and hair, some on my front, and the rest all over both mine and Paul's legs.
He pushed her forward a little more so she could lick my clit, looking at me to see if it was alright. I wasn't going to say no. She started to lick me while he bent behind her, one hand thrusting fingers into her very squelchy pussy and the other rubbing her clit. Her body starting shaking like mad, her breasts rubbing against Paul's balls. I could feel my orgasm starting too, and Paul tapped me on the hip.
The wife came soon after, coming to rest on my thighs. I quickly rubbed my clit and my orgasm ripped through me, and shortly after Paul started to flood me with his come.
Once we'd relaxed a little I raised myself off Paul. His cock was a gleaming mess. The wife's eyes perked up as she saw it, and I noticed.
"Do you want to lick him clean?" I offered to her. I looked at Paul and he nodded. He looked at the hubby looking a little forlorn, and said "Perhaps we should clean them both up?"
His eyes lit up. Paul stood up and sat the wife on the bench, and knelt in front of her. With careful slow licks, he cleaned her pussy, deliberately licking as close to her clit as possible without touching it. I sat next to her and called her husband over. He knelt also but instead licked at me as if his life depended on it, like a cat licking at milk. Not only was he not cleaning me up, but he was also making more mess with my pussy juices dribbling down my legs. His hands were rubbing up and down my nyloned legs, which was also turning me on more. I knew I was close to coming again. I looked over at Paul, and he had three fingers inserted into both the wife's pussy and arsehole.
If anyone was at the car park they must have been able to hear her, especially when she came again. She clamped onto Paul's fingers and screamed in pleasure very very loudly. This tipped me over the edge and I squirted over her husband's face. He pulled back and used his fingers to wipe his face clean of my juices, licking and slurping them all down.
We all stayed there for a few minutes until we'd relaxed and the guy's erections had gone. The couple got up and started to get dressed. The wife looked at us still sitting there, and asked why we weren't getting dressed. Paul told her about our clothes being in the car, and she laughed that we'd have to make our way to the car without being seen.
"It's a bit late for that," said her hubby, pointing towards the car park. Through the trees, we could make out four people, and four sets of eyes, watching us.
Paul picked up our stuff, grabbed my hand, and we started to walk towards the car park. He'd parked close to the trail again, we got onto the car park to a round of cheers and wolf whistles. We opened the car doors, and Paul threw my clothes into the passenger seat for me. We dressed, got into the car, and there was a tap on Paul's window. Paul wound the window down to the husband, a big broad smile on his face. He handed Paul a scrap of paper, thanked us, and walked back off to his own car.
Paul read the paper, it had an email address, the names Carl and Emily, and to let them know if we were ever in the area again.