Bachelor Behavior
by Simon Underfoot
Copyright 2022, All Rights Reserved
Author's Note:
I have been told that my stories tend toward wish fulfillment, which is certainly fair, so I decided to write one with this specifically in mind. Consequently, the premise of this story is decidedly, intentionally ludicrous; I hope you find it as enjoyable to read as I did to write.
Cheers,
Simon
Prologue
The press room under the stadium was buzzing as two men climbed onto the elevated platform. A wave of anticipation raced around the room, causing a momentary surge in noise, which just as quickly dissipated as reporters found their seats. The pair on-stage were grinning broadly, wearing their just donned championship t-shirts and ball caps, little pieces of confetti sticking here and there.
In the center seat of three was Jayce Dawkins, quarterback, team captain, and now Super Bowl Most Valuable Player. His large frame was practically radiating energy and he was smiling broadly, showing off straight white teeth in an olive toned face that tended more toward Greek heritage than the English surname implied. Always confident to the point of arrogance, Dawkins looked ready to burst as he waited to speak.
To his left sat Tigger Jeffery, nicknamed for his ability to make jump cuts at full speed, a moniker he had carried since peewee football. Where Dawkins was prototypical for a professional football player -- meaning both tall and broad -- Jeffery would look small on a high school team, barely reaching five-nine, and only then in the morning while wearing shoes. The smaller man appeared on the verge of being overwhelmed, his brown eyes glistening in the bright lights.
With a signal from the production manager, Dawkins started into his monologue, thanking the team's fans and supporters, the ownership, and even congratulating their opponents, talking about how exciting the game had been. He spoke for six and a half minutes without actually saying anything, then sat back with a satisfied grin, arms folded across his barrel chest.
Tigger -- Reggie, really -- was next at the mic. As if compensating for his stature, Reggie was known for being brazen in his interviews, quick of wit and sharp of tongue. This time, however, he took a few moments to thank his mother, Janine, for her love and support during his childhood. He spoke briefly of his difficult adolescence and absent father, topics he had avoided during the lead up to the Big Game. He ended by thanking God for the opportunity to pursue his dream. As he finished, Reggie wiped away a tear, smiled self-consciously, and sat back in his seat.
There was a pause as reporters finished jotting down notes, glad to see honest emotion for a change. It didn't last a minute, though, as the crowd looked to the open chair on Dawkins' right, stage whispering questions to one another about its intended occupant. After about five minutes, when the noise had once again risen to that of a middle school classroom during the last week of school, the production manager stepped forward and had a brief whispered conversation with the quarterback, then motioned with his hands for his press colleagues to settle back down.
"I guess we'll start with the Q&A," Dawkins said when the din had once again reached a reasonable level. "Who's first?"
The initial question was a softball about his pending contract negotiations, which was quickly non-answered in the typical, well-prepared fashion of politicians and professional athletes.
The second question, from a cute blonde who happened to know quite a lot of personal information about Jayce Dawkins, caught him off guard. "Why do you think Kai wasn't named MVP?" she asked sweetly. "One and a half sacks, two more tackles for loss, and the winning touchdown off a fumble recovery -- seems like that's a pretty strong case, wouldn't you say?"
Dawkins' eyes blinked once, then blinked again as he regained composure. "He had a great game, Ms. Perkins. I --"
Whatever he was about to say was cut off as the door next to the stage opened and the subject in question walked quickly onto the stage, still wearing his pads and jersey. "Sorry, guys," he said to his teammates, then waved a hand apologetically to the assembled throng.
Tigger smiled good naturedly while Dawkins almost-but-not-quite managed to hide his annoyance. The production manager rushed up and quickly had the newest arrival pull off his gear, then handed him the obligatory championship swag that had been supplied by an assistant. Rather than putting it on, Kai Haven set it on the table in front of the open chair and sat down, an entire head taller than Dawkins while seated. He wasn't even fully settled when questions started raining down, the eager reporters sensing something interesting had occurred.
The ring master quickly had the pool calmed once again and pointed to a senior reporter from one of the networks to restart the questioning. "Kai, would you mind telling us why you were late to the post-game press conference?"
"Well," said the enormous man hesitantly, "I was checking on Mike."
"Michael Hughes, the quarterback?" fired off a different reporter, not worrying about being acknowledged.
"Yeah," admitted Kai. "I don't like seeing people get hurt, and I like it even less when I'm the one that does it. I wanted to see if there was anything I could do for him or his family."
"Have you known Mike for a long time?" asked another questioner.
"No. I met him once at a fundraiser, and then we shook hands before the game at the coin toss, but that was it. His family's really nice, though, and his wife told me I could stop by the hospital tomorrow before they fly him home."
"Do you feel bad about the hit?" came from the back.
Kai shook his head. "I think it was clean, and I didn't drive him into the ground or anything like that. He's just a lot smaller," he finished self-consciously, which drew chuckles from the crowd and a scowl from Dawkins.
"Do you feel like you should have been named MVP?" asked the same blonde woman from before, sneaking a glance at Dawkins as she did so and receiving the expected glare.
"Oh, I hadn't heard," he said, expressing some disappointment, "but Tigger was great. I wouldn't be surprised if nobody ever had two fifty yard runs in a Super Bowl before." Kai looked to the team's starting running back and gave him a thumbs up, but Tigger shook his head slightly and gestured subtly at Dawkins. Kai cocked his head in a gesture that said, 'Oh really?,' then shrugged. "Shows what I know." Then to the man next to him, "Good for you, Jayce -- I thought you had a nice game."
Dawkins was smiling, but everyone could see he was unhappy.
"Hey, Kai, now that you guys are the champs, are you afraid the team is going to franchise you?" a new reporter asked, referring to the team's ability to force a player to work on a single year contract.
The question was abrupt in its timing, but not unexpected since Kai had also refused to talk about his contract situation until after the game. He had planned on addressing the situation the following week, once things had calmed down. 'No time like the present,' he thought to himself.
"Actually, not so much, because effective immediately, I'm retiring from football."
Prelude
Birdie was my best friend in the whole world. Strange, right? I mean, I'm an inch shy of seven-foot, which puts her an even twenty-inches shorter than me. But so what? I'm taller than almost everybody.
And besides, for whatever reason, I've always found it easier to talk with girls -- women, now, I guess. Part of it is that I get tired of guys trying to prove how tough or strong they are, trying to break my hand when we shake, or talking about all the great stuff they did in school. Or how much money they have. I don't care about any of it.
That's easy to say, of course, when I won't ever have to worry about money again and have a bookcase full of awards from every sport I've played, but it's still the truth.
The other thing about Birdie is that I've always been not-so-secretly in love with her. The issue is that she doesn't feel the same way. We've talked about it, but always come to the same conclusion: she is better off with us as friends (I never include myself in that assessment).
She turned me down in eighth grade, so I asked again in ninth, then tenth. I skipped the next year and waited to Senior Prom, but she stood firm and I didn't go. She did.
So how did we stay friends for so long? She's the only one that ever seemed to get me. In addition to being a genetic freak from a size perspective, I'm also pretty quirky, although not many people know. For instance, I can't sit still. Not don't, mind you, but can't. I almost always have the jimmy leg working: shaking tables, rocking the car, tapping out a rhythm and generally annoying the hell out of anyone around me. When it gets really bad, she'd sometimes ask me what song was in my head -- a lot of times I didn't even know I was bopping along. That would usually make it better, for a while.
If it's not my legs, then it's my hands, which want to be working on something. If you were to see me during a lecture back in college, I'd probably have my pen in pieces and the spiral wire out of my notebook.
I once took my watch apart during a class on classic literature. Turns out I couldn't get the little plastic gears realigned with my fat fingers, but at least I got something out of the discussion.
See, that's the thing: if I'm moving, my brain can process information. If not, then it's all over the place. We -- meaning my Pop -- got me on some stimulant meds when I was a kid, and they worked really well for focusing my mind, but when they'd wear off I crashed and got really cranky, as in downright mean. After six-months, he decided I was better off without.
So I move, and it helps. That's what got me into sports.
Basketball would have been the obvious choice, but Pop didn't know anything about it. He grew up playing baseball, so I did, too.
The issue with baseball is that there isn't always a lot to do, because you wait for your turn to hit or you wait for somebody to hit the ball to you. Lot's of waiting means it's not so good for Kai. So I was a pitcher, which kept me busy. When it was our turn to hit, if I wasn't swinging a bat or on base, I was the base coach. Worked pretty well and I got to be quite good. It helps when you tower above the coaches and players both, even in Junior High.
I read somewhere that for every inch closer to the plate the ball is released, it's equivalent to three miles per hours of speed because the batter has less time to react. I never worked it out, but it sounds good, and it seems to hold up to my experience, because in addition to being tall -- okay, really damn tall -- I have long arms: seven-foot-six from finger tip to finger tip. I was second runner-up for Mr. Baseball in Illinois my Senior year and had my choice of several scholarships. I didn't take them.
The issue was that I didn't want to play collegiate baseball, because I had my heart set on being a mechanical engineer. Working on things with my hands, remember? And it's damn tough to get through an engineering program while playing Division I ball, so I focused on academics. Pop wasn't happy I turned down a full ride, but it was my choice, so I lived at home and drove to the local university for class.
I graduatedcum laudewith a B.S., but never actually did much with the degree. About four months before I got the diploma, I received a call from a scout that had come across some of my high school game film and wanted me to come for a casual tryout when school let out for spring break. The truth is, I love baseball. Really, really love it, and I know I'm good at it. With school winding down and a solid GPA assured, why not?
So the team bought me a ticket to fly down to Florida where they do their spring training. I was a bit rusty that first day, but my fastball was still in the mid-nineties and the control wasn't too bad, courtesy of daily trips to the campus gym. By the end of the third day I was up to ninety-eight consistently and my curve was coming back around. We parted on good terms -- I enjoyed myself, after all -- and only found out they were interested in more when they drafted me in the second round during the June draft.
By that time, I'd found that being a working engineer was more of a drudgery than I expected and wasn't at all disappointed to give it up.
The club that picked me offered a signing bonus of four hundred thousand bucks, and even with minimal college debt (in-state tuition and a partial academic scholarship), that's a pretty good jumping off point for real life. So I went pro. I was in AA for a month, then AAA for two, before getting to the Big League. They began using me for short relief stints, meaning I pitched once or twice a week early on. By the end of that initial year, I was often out there for a full inning. Not bad for a rookie no one saw coming.
At the start of the second year, I was the closer, meaning I finished almost every game. The consistency was nice, and all I really needed to do was look mean and throw the ball really hard. I was pretty good at that and we were pretty good as a team. We lost in the ALDS, but that was more because of cold bats than anything else.
Year three was magic.
You can look up the details on your own, but I had a really good season, and we fell one run shy of making it to the World Series. It was that series that really brought me national attention for the first time, including endorsement contracts. I had already been making nice money on my first contract, but having ten million on top because I wear a certain brand of shoes and appear in their commercials was great.
They really liked my backstory -- big brain to go with the big arm -- and the pictures are always impressive when I'm half a foot taller than even other pros. The ride lasted another five months until I tore the UCL in my throwing arm. They did Tommy John surgery, but during the rehab I knew it wouldn't be the same. When they finally let me hold a ball again, it turned out I was right. With a fastball only hitting the low nineties, the curveball wasn't as effective, and I had never bothered to develop a third pitch. Out of the league at 23.
Not so bad, though, with a seven figure savings account to fall back on.
So what did I do after baseball? I worked out. I went from three-ten to three-oh-five over the course of the next year. Five pounds doesn't sound like a lot, but when you're talking about taking off fat and putting back on lean muscle, weight isn't so important.
The thing was, I was already plenty big. I didn't want to be massive, but I did want to be really damn strong. Think old guy strength, like a construction worker swinging a sledge hammer every day for twenty-five years.
I heard a story once from my Pop's youth about a farmer he knew who had worked the fields his entire life. One day, his son -- all six-foot-five of him -- was having trouble getting a tractor tire up into the bed of a pickup -- a rear one that they make sandboxes out of for little kids. He asked his Pop for help, thinking they could lift it together. Instead, the old man asks where it needs to go, then picks it up and tosses it in, easy as that, despite it weighing more than two-hundred pounds. That's the kind of strong I wanted to be.
So instead of high weight and low reps, I went for lots of reps, burning myself out over and over again, and I did it every single day. When I wasn't lifting, I was swimming or running. Ironically, I was in better shape than when I was being paid to be an athlete.
Being a former pro made affording an exclusive gym possible, and I thought the extra money was a good investment: the physicality satisfied my need to move and was helping to rebuild my self image after baseball was taken away. I met a guy there that played for the city's pro football team -- that's American football for my European friends. We got to chatting and swapping tales, and he invited me over to their practice facility. I thought it sounded like fun and Reggie was a good guy, so I accepted.
It turned out I was the tallest one there, and only a few of the guys outweighed me.
My buddy and I were goofing around after his practice when I noticed some fellas coming back onto the field. Reggie had been running go routes while I tossed the ball to him, seeing if I could out throw his considerable speed. Pretty soon the new guys joined in, and it wasn't long before one of the coaches, who I hadn't seen, asked where I'd played. I laughed and explained that I was a baseball player (retired). Seems the sixty yard throws had caught their attention.
The next few weeks were strange. My arm impressed them, but it was clear that playing quarterback was too complex to learn without years of study and practice; and besides, their guy was pretty good, even if I did toss a prettier ball.
The nice thing about playing Defensive End -- they call it Edge now -- is that the fundamentals are relatively straightforward, although not at all easy. When the ball is snapped, you try to hit the quarterback, or whoever he gives the ball to. They asked if I'd like to try. Why not?
Probably sounds familiar.
Turns out my version of old guy strength was pretty useful in football and they signed me as a practice squad player, meaning I didn't play in actual games. That first year I learned a lot, mostly by being knocked on my backside repeatedly, but they stuck with me. By the start of the second year I was competing for a place on the team and played in all of the preseason games, eventually catching one of the final two roster spots.
About a quarter of the way through the season, things clicked, and then I was doing the teaching. I finished with good numbers and my friends at the shoe company were thrilled, relaunching their ad campaign and coughing up an even larger sum for my contributions. Fine by me.
In my second full year playing football, I really made it hard on our opponents. We finished with a Super Bowl run that fell a little short and I earned a few more awards.
Like with my baseball career, year three was the pinnacle, with more of the same and a victory at the end. So why did I abruptly retire? It's not a simple answer.
Through all my ups and downs, Birdie and I stayed friends. We talked every week, even if it was just a quick chat or text conversation, and met up when I was nearby for a game. When it was clear my baseball career was over, I asked her out again, thinking that all those zeroes in the account balance would impress her -- not so much.
There at the end I took one last chance, this time with an offer of a suite at the Super Bowl. She hesitated and I thought I had finally broken down her resolve. Instead, she told me she had been seeing someone for months and it was looking serious.
Maybe I had been trying to impress her all that time. I don't know. Either way, I just didn't feel the need to do it anymore. I was excited about playing in the 'Big Game,' and felt like I owed the team and the organization for giving me a shot, so I did my best to pay them back for everything in a single game. It was my best and now we all have rings.
But it was clear to me that it was time for something new.
Sad, right? Poor little (really big, actually) millionaire with a broken heart.
I would have a hard time defining what it means to be a romantic, but I think I probably qualify. I had always thought that Birdie and I would get together, despite a staggering amount of evidence to the contrary, and I never wanted it to be my fault if that didn't happen. There are too many stories about ships passing in the night and I didn't want that to be us.
The net result? I never had a girlfriend. Not since that first time I asked her out in eighth grade. Never a hook-up or even a proper date.
You've probably heard stories about the wild parties and drugs and women that athletes have access to, but I wouldn't know. Other than Reggie, I didn't really have friends on the team, just a room full of friendly acquaintances. The truth is that I kept my head down and worked hard, just like I had in school. That's probably why I was successful; well, that and an overabundance of God-given physical talent.
Enough is enough, though: it was time to find myself a girl. The girl.
Easier said than done. The immediate issue was that people recognize me everywhere I go. Normally, I enjoy that, even crave it. Taking pictures with people, signing autographs, random high fives -- it's all cool and makes me smile, but how do I go about meeting someone who is interested in the unique individual that is Kai Haven? Oh, and don't discount that bank account (almost nine figures, now).
I would have talked with Birdie, but I couldn't bring myself to call her again.
Pop? Not likely. He would tell me to have fun and use protection, so yeah, not really helpful.
I tried the online thing for a short while -- I'm a bit ashamed to say I was paying for three different memberships at the same time. I was worried about it turning into a story, so I didn't use my real name and was sitting in all my pictures to not look so tall -- it didn't matter. I was only online for three days before the whole thing showed up on the back page of the Post; I had to cancel the memberships because there were too many respondents. My agent, who also manages most of my money, wasn't particularly pleased.
The bummer of the whole situation was that online dating really did appeal to me. I liked the idea of taking a huge pool of women and narrowing them down based on preferences. It seems a little cold, but it's also efficient, and I am an engineer, after all. That said, there's no substitute for personal interaction, so I also liked the idea of speed dating, even if it is a little cringy. Enter the creative problem solver.
What if we put together a group of pre-selected women and let them vie for the attention of a single, eligible bachelor, with the hope that he will eventually find 'The One.'
Okay, so it's really just a rip off of a reality dating show, but what if it was done on an international scale with a legit dual-sport star / millionaire as the prize?
With just this general concept in mind, about two months after the Super Bowl I was on the phone with the friend of a friend of a friendly acquaintance, who actually sounded intrigued by the idea. This led to another discussion, and then another.
Eventually, I was at the headquarters of JJC Media Services, inc. to put the plan in motion. These nice folks were the ones who would fund the idea, in return for creating an all-access web series.
Why would I agree to such a thing?
Two main reasons. The first is that I wanted the candidate pool to be as large as possible and JJC is an international company. Second, and probably more importantly, I'm a bit of an exhibitionist.
I don't mean that in the sense of stripping naked and running down the street -- although I would probably do that given the right motivation -- I mean that I like being in front of people and having their attention on me. It's not an extrovert thing; more like an attention-seeking thing. Chalk it up to another one of my quirks. Remember that I had played a prominent role in the Super Bowl two months prior and was now at least casually famous in more than a hundred countries. I missed it.
The folks I hired at Brooke, Brooke, and Ramirez, LLP, went over the contract in great detail, then did it again. There was a little back and forth over how many points I would get against revenue, but that wasn't my primary focus so the negotiations didn't get hung up too badly. In the end, I would have veto power on content, but JJC would retain creative control, which I thought was actually pretty generous on their part.
With the legal stuff in place, we took the idea to my sponsors. Most were on-board with the idea -- any publicity is good publicity, after all -- and the few holdouts were bought out with more help from my lawyer friends.*
*not really friends
To begin in earnest, we needed a way to narrow down the profiles of women to determine who might be a good fit with me. Enter Aristotle Analytics, Ltd., a group of bright young data scientists. They would be in charge of the survey and results, including creating the compatibility algorithm, upon which everything else depended. Nice group of people, but so incredibly smart that I always felt dumb around them.
For me, the survey was extremely time consuming. I was asked more than ten thousand questions over the course of several days, many of which were restatements of previous questions, to characterize my personality, needs, desires, and so forth, as closely as possible. The corresponding surveys for any interested women would be quite a bit different and would narrow them down in stages so that accuracy could be obtained without the hours of computer time required by my version.
Six months to the day after the Super Bowl, I went on a national late night show to discuss my retirement, but in actuality, the purpose was to let the world know about the web series. With a copy of the Post article tucked under my arm, I walked across the stage to greet the host with a smile on my face.

~ ~ ~

The entryway at JJC is beautiful and makes me smile every time I'm there. The front-facing wall is entirely glass, which allows lots of light into the the large, open space. On the right as you come in is an honest-to-goodness brook that runs the length of the room, complete with palm trees and palm bushes (I don't know if that's such a thing, but I'm sure you can imagine). If it weren't for the underwater lighting that changes color to suit the need, you could almost, maybe, kinda-sorta forget you were on West Randolph Street in Chicago.
On the opposite wall is a full service tea shop that specializes in pastries from around the world. I never cared fortiramisuorbaklava, but I love strawberrytortesandpain au chocolate, and both go well with my daily cup of Earl Grey or an afternoon chai between meetings. Yes, they have coffee; no I don't know what type, because it's all gross.
I waved to the security guard as I approached, and since it was half past nine, there was no line. I was thinking 'Michael,' but wasn't sure, so just said, "Morning."
"Good morning to you, too, Mr. Haven. Another long day of meetings?" he asked politely as I laid out my personal effects on the small conveyor belt so they could be x-rayed.
"Yeah, but it's interesting, so not bad at all." His name tag said M. Hastings -- not helpful.
"Glad to hear it, sir. You have a great day," he finished, handing me the bowl with my belongings.
"Thanks, and same to you, Micah," I replied, remembering at the last moment. His face brightened considerably and I felt good as I walked to the elevator.
I was still smiling, pleased with myself, as I stepped onto the twenty-second floor. I'm not so good with names, so getting one right for a change was nice. Besides, Micah and I had probably spent an hour shooting the breeze over the course of my previous three visits, mostly about sports, but I also knew he was married and had a seven year old daughter. Weird, right? I could tell you he has a seventy minute commute and drives a Prius, but can't keep his name straight. Or couldn't. Now that I'd almost messed it up, his name would be firmly fixed in my mind (for a while).
Mrs. Higgens, or Gloria, as she asked to be called, was easier for me to remember. I can still picture her waiting for me in the reception area that day, wearing a white dress shirt with a form fitting charcoal pencil skirt. Standard attire for the business world, I know, but I almost walked into a potted plant. I don't know if it was the way she always had her dark hair pulled up and back to show off her face and slender neck, or the rimless glasses that drew attention to her big brown eyes; maybe it was her smooth mocha skin. Or maybe it's that she's the kind of woman I hoped to meet through this whole adventure: smart, professional, classy, and astonishingly sexy.
Remember how I said I get along easily with women? Since Birdie removed herself from my life -- okay, that's not fair, but you know what I mean -- and dating seriously became a possibility, I found myself tongue tied much more often. Gloria did that to me, and it always took a few moments to re-acclimate to being around her.
She was nice enough to ignore my almost-stumble and shook my hand warmly, smiling up at me. "Good morning, Kai. Ready to get started?"
I just nodded and smiled back, not yet trusting my still recovering tongue as she led me down the gray tiled hall toward her office. As we entered she nodded to her assistant, a pretty blonde intern from a local community college, but I couldn't tell you her name. It wasn't five minutes before two men walked into the room, both also wearing smiles that appeared genuine.
Rick was to be the creative genius, and he had the eccentric, slightly scattered look that reinforced the idea. Sam, his partner, was the realist, and was always more buttoned down. Together they were going to help Gloria and I figure how to actually set up the show. Not that it mattered a great deal, but I suspected the guys were effective together because they were more than just work buddies. Regardless, their ideas that morning were great, even though I disagreed with all of them.
My biggest complaint was that I didn't want to follow a 'tried and true' format -- I wanted to do something with an actual chance for success. To me, this wasn't a publicity stunt, and I was eventually able to make them see that I was serious on this point. The other piece that was crucial to me was that I didn't want to lie, deceive, or mislead any of the women. If this was going to be a forever arrangement, it had to be built on trust.
So how do you do those things in a reality show? This was the question we tried to answer for the entire morning as the sun slowly traced a path upward along the wall of tinted windows lining Gloria's office. The process was fun for me, a bit like being back in senior design in college where we had to come up with a new solution to an old problem. It turned out our answer was quite simple: stream the entire thing live with a thirty-second delay in case something really bad happened that shouldn't or couldn't be shown, with the goal being to provide a reasonably realistic, unfiltered view of the entire process.
What about modesty, profanity, or just plain stupidity on my part? It's real life and that stuff happens, so we'd just have a really strong disclaimer.
For me, it was a near ideal solution, because it meant I wouldn't have to keep secrets between women. For example, if they wanted to know where I took a date, or how it went, they could just watch it for themselves. This is going to sound crazy given what I had set in motion, but I hate drama. I don't mind chaos or change or excitement, but artificial, unnecessary nonsense wears me out. I was hoping full disclosure would keep this to a minimum.
Sam gave me a 'you poor dumb bastard' smile and patted me on the back; Rick seemed to think this was the best idea in the world. Gloria was looking downright predatory, and to this day, I've never seen her look sexier (even if she did scare me just a tiny bit in the moment).
The following morning we started on the details.
The first survey phase -- they called it open enrollment -- would last two weeks. They were ambitious, hoping for twenty-five thousand applications, of which maybe a quarter would be serious. The audacity to think that many women might be interested still makes my mind boggle.
From there, it would be a series of increasingly specific questionnaires, eventually narrowing down to around a hundred women. Then I would look through self-written biographies and pick thirty or so that I wanted to meet.
It was at this point that we got into a heated debate. I really didn't want to see the pictures or names, because I didn't want the process to turn into a beauty pageant, nor did I want to let my American white guy biases form the basis for choosing. Gloria argued that I might not be attracted to any of the women I selected, which would screw up the entire effort. I laughed.
Then I laughed some more.
Gloria got pissed.
It took a while, but I eventually won her over with a simple, rational explanation. I didn't have a 'type.' I had only ever been infatuated with one woman, and I don't think many people would have called Birdie beautiful -- that wasn't why she appealed to me.
I would be able to tell a lot from the essays. Even if they weren't good writers themselves, they could get help from people that were, which would at least indicate determination and resourcefulness. There was also the possibility to see their educational background and career choice. I really like capable women. Pair the essays with the Aristotle Analytics Algorithm (that's a mouthful, but data scientists aren't known for their artistic sides -- lets call it 3A from now on), and I would have a great chance at finding one or more women with whom I clicked.
Or so I hoped.
We had agreement! And I only had to threaten to leave one time.
We took a break and I sipped chai while sharing war stories with Micah in the lobby. Now that I had a few of my own, I found I didn't mind so much as I once had.
The afternoon was a bit easier. Gloria had finally accepted my general vision, and her and the guys had become fully engaged, making everything I suggested better. No single house with a bunch of women interred within: remember the no drama goal? No group dates, because who thinks that's a good idea? No fantasy dates, at least until there were only one or two women left. Lots of focus on real conversation, real activities, and real relationships.
As we neared the end of the day, I was ecstatic.
There were still logistics to work out, like living arrangements, but Gloria had people to deal with those details. For me, the task was to rest up for a couple weeks and then get ready for a quick publicity blast to LA, New York, and London to announce the initial survey's launch.
It was a lot of travel in five days, but not nearly so hard as the following months, waiting for the enrollment period and subsequent survey rounds to end. I spent even more hours at the gym, trying to wear myself out so I could sleep at night. I actually lost almost ten pounds, but it was more from having no appetite than anything else.
The Big Day finally arrived and I was back at JJC twenty minutes early, dressed in gray slacks and a black turtleneck, my version of business attire. You might call that eccentric, but suit coats are flat out stupid, because you can barely move your arms, and I'm an engineer, so nine times out of ten I care more about function than form. I was wearing really comfortable, really expensive, really large custom black oxfords, which dressed up the look quite a bit, so at least that's something. My hair was freshly trimmed (but not too freshly), I had shaved carefully, and was even wearing a little cologne. Altogether it was a bit like putting lipstick on pig, but I was hoping to be at my best.
Micah could see I was nervous so he left me be, only motioning me forward when it was finally time. Following a handshake and a smile, he good naturedly pushed me toward the elevator.
The ride up took about an hour and a half and I might have blacked out at some point. Not really, but I was more nervous than I had been at any point during the Super Bowl.
I took a couple deep breaths as we approached floor twenty, forced my shoulders to relax, and was ready when the doors opened a few seconds later. I saw the camera immediately and thought about ignoring it, then decided that was stupid and waved with a grin. Gloria and her guys were also waiting for me, dressed like they were going to the White House, or maybe a funeral, all looking very severe in black suits; she still looked fantastic.
I started to walk toward them and realized the office layout was a little different and there was no sign of potted plants. Before I could help it, I was smiling broadly at the thought that they didn't want me falling on my face in front of an international audience. "I see you rearranged a little," I said to Gloria as I approached. "Didn't want me to make a scene the first day, huh?"
She smiled back, a bit embarrassed. "I thought you might be a bit nervous and trip on something, but you seem to be doing fine."
I chuckled. "I aged about ten years in the elevator, but I'm doing better now. I can't tell you how excited I am to begin."
Gloria laughed, as did Rick; even Sam smiled. "Like a kid in a candy store," she observed.
I shook my head with mock seriousness. "This is going to be so, so much better than that." My fake demeanor broke before I could finish and I was back to bouncing from foot to foot. "Seriously, can we get started? This was already the longest month of my life."
Gloria patted me on the elbow. "Sure, Kai. How about we do some introductions?"
I nodded gladly.
Our day cameraman's name was Bill, a fit guy in his forties that had worked on several reality shows. Our night guy would be Will (yes, really), and I would meet him later. The stand-in's name was Toby, and he would take over when one of the Williams couldn't make it. One of them would be with me Monday through Saturday; Sundays would be shot handy cam style or using cameras mounted in the apartment building that had been rented for our use. As we had discussed, the feeds were going out live, managed by a round-the-clock production crew to make sure the best streams were broadcast.
As me and Bill finished bumping knuckles -- shaking hands would have been difficult with the camera on his shoulder -- a petite blonde woman stepped forward and offered hers; I recognized her immediately. "You were at the Super Bowl presser, weren't you?"
She smiled happily. "Stephanie Perkins, Mr. Haven. I'll be acting as the hostess."
I gave Gloria a confused look, then turned back to the young woman. "Welcome aboard, but what does hostess entail? We're not doing anything so tacky as handing out roses and nobody's getting voted off."
"Stephanie is a late addition, but one I think you'll appreciate," said Gloria smoothly. "She'll talk with the women before or after dates and keep things calm in group settings. She'll also be interviewing you regularly so you don't need to do awkward monologues."
I raised my hand to object, but it made good sense, so I lowered it. Anyway, there was something else she said that caught my attention. "Group settings?"
"Another late addition," replied Gloria. This time, I could see the predator in her eyes.
"Well, at least it will be interesting," I said, realizing it was not the time for a debate. "Ms. Perkins, please call me Kai. I have a feeling we're going to be seeing a lot of each other, so we might as well be friendly."
"Sounds good, Kai -- my family calls me Steph."
"Not other people?" I inquired jokingly. Instead of smiling, Stephanie turned bright red, from the top of her forehead all the way down to the modest gap in her shirt. "Was that too direct?" I asked, feeling immediately guilty, but not really knowing what I did wrong. "Sometimes I overstep with the personal questions."
She stifled a little snort and shook her head, then smiled again, albeit shyly. "They call me Perky."
Rick laughed out loud and Sam punched him in the shoulder. Gloria was hiding her mouth behind a hand. I turned and glared at them, then at Bill, who quickly shook his head, saying quickly, "I call her Stephanie."
"It's mostly the other reporters I work with," she said, coming to our cameraman's rescue, still looking embarrassed.
I took a chance and looked her over quickly, starting low and working higher, knowing I was probably making her uncomfortable. Dark red pumps, nude hose, and a short-ish gray skirt with matching jacket over a modest white button up. She was slim, with great legs, including well developed calves, so she probably ran daily. Her jacket hid most of her upper half so that I couldn't see much, but her face was cute, with a button nose and soft brown eyes under what looked like naturally blonde bangs. She was wearing matching diamond studs in her ears and had four rings spaced equally running up the left.
I made a quick circle motion with my finger and she rolled her eyes, but complied, slowly spinning around. As she turned in profile, it became quite clear: her chest was disproportionately large on her small frame. When she finished, she was bright red again.
I folded my arms, which I know looks intimidating, and stared down at her. "Perky doesn't refer to your bubbly personality, does it?" She shook her head and looked off to the side. I waited until she looked back up at me. "Your co-workers are assholes and you deserve better. Anybody ever calls you that again, let me know and that will be the last time, okay?"
She chuckled and the tension in my shoulders dissipated. "Okay," she said, still obviously feeling self-conscious. "Can we get back to talking about you? This is your show, remember?"
I smiled and clapped my hands loudly, causing her to jump, then smile. "Exactly right. Lead the way, Steph."
Our entourage moved down the hallway and into the largest conference room on the floor, where three of the folks from Aristotle were waiting. I had briefly met them previously, but remember, I suck with names. John was the lead scientist and seemed as excited as I did about digging into the numbers. The two ladies, both brunettes, appeared more nervous.
The results that John presented were astonishing, to me at least. Almost fourteen million women had started the survey, and just under ten million took the time to finish it. This enormous response meant that it had actually taken two extra rounds of culling than were planned to get down to a reasonable number. In the end, they had compiled a dossier of one hundred and four biographies for me to read and then narrow to around thirty; we had allocated a week.
After laying out the next steps of the process for the camera, Stephanie signed off and the little red light winked out. In an instant, Gloria was next to the blonde, speaking rapidly and gesticulating; her face showed that she was both happy and excited. The younger woman was nodding along, and every so often would turn to Gloria, but for the most part she was looking at me.
Fuck.
I hate making people uncomfortable and I was sure I had done that to Stephanie. Time to face the music.
I walked around the table to the pair, then gently interrupted with a tap on Gloria's shoulder. She was surprised, but hid it well, and leaned back so that I could see them both. I decided to start with more straightforward issues first. "I'm not thrilled about the surprises, Gloria. Steph here did a great job wrapping things up, but you should have let me know."
Gloria made it a point to look right back into my eyes. "I wanted your genuine reaction to go out. It might not seem like much to you, but having viewers -- especially female viewers -- see you take her addition to the show in stride will win people over from the start."
"But what if I hadn't?"
Gloria shook her head. "You respect women too much to flip out about it. And anyway," she continued, grinning ferally, "I've seen your 3A scores, so I probably know how you'll react better than you do." She did an excellent impression of a maniacal villainess laugh, then stood and walked away, rubbing her hands together theatrically.
"I'm not really sure what just happened," I said to Stephanie. "I was going to give her a piece of my mind, but... I don't know."
She smiled and patted my elbow. "Wait until you have twenty or thirty women vying for your attention, then you won't know which way is up."
I acknowledged the point with a wave, then got serious again. "Stephanie, I am so sorry for making you uncomfortable. That wasn't what I wanted, and to do it on a live broadcast... I'm sorry I messed up."
She smiled kindly and shook off my comment. "Don't worry, Kai. You were genuine and a bit protective. I was uncomfortable because it highlighted the fact that I've been letting a bunch of misogynistic pricks call me a degrading name for years and haven't done anything about it. It was always about fitting in, trying to be one of the guys, so I could make it in a profession where women are a gross minority.
"I'm glad you reminded me that it doesn't have to be that way."
"Okay, I guess," I told her, not feeling entirely convinced. I took a deep breath to refocus. "So what now?"
"That part hasn't changed," she replied. "We'll stream for about an hour each day as you work through the process, and when you've made your decisions, you and I will sit down and talk about what you liked or didn't like about it and how you picked which ladies to meet. That kind of thing. Remember, it's all about building toward the big moment when we start streaming 24-7."
I nodded and let out a sigh. "Steph, can I ask you for your honest opinion?"
"Always," she replied with a cute smile and a tilt of her head.
"Is this a really stupid idea -- will people even care?"
Her mouth opened, but nothing came out for a moment, and it shut again. The second time was more productive. "I think we'll find out soon enough." She paused. "I will tell you that if I didn't think it would be a hit, I wouldn't have left my job at the network."
"Great," I laughed, "add more pressure, why don't you?"
She gave me a faux dirty look, then was quickly back to smiling.

~ ~ ~

To say I was unprepared for the biographies would be a massive understatement. Of the one hundred four, I was able to eliminate twenty-two in the first pass, and that was only because some of them were poorly written. After I got to thinking about it, I realized the women were probably not all American and that I shouldn't be too harsh in that respect, because English might not be their first language. I added eight back to my pile.
I thought it might be worthwhile to break down what I knew about the women, but because these weren't forms, the information on them wasn't directly comparable. I did catalogue professions and found that there was a doctor, a lawyer, two veterinarians, twenty-two in the service industry, and fourteen teachers. Not particularly useful, but interesting.
After two full days of reading and rereading the same information, hunched over the conference room table, I decided to just go with my instincts.
First question: is there actual substance in the biography or is it just a lot of fluff? From ninety to seventy-one. Not bad.
Second question: does she seem like fun? Tough to gauge from written words, but possible in most cases. If in doubt, I kept the essay, and got down to fifty-nine.
Third and final question: does the content feel honest or is she too good to be true? This took me the longest to answer, trying to parse words to find hidden meaning. Again, I trusted my gut.
And ended up with forty-five women still in consideration.
I really thought about calling Gloria to see if she would send me more information on the ladies, but then remembered that this was my party and I would do it my way.

~ ~ ~

I was pretty keyed up to see the setup they had selected for the show, given that neither Gloria nor the guys had given me many details before I stepped out of the hired car that was dropping me and my two suitcases off for the foreseeable future. Toby and Stephanie were waiting for me.
The building itself was pretty bland, boasting gray concrete and 1970s architecture, but it was situated in the Lincoln Park district, meaning we'd have plenty to do, including visiting some truly excellent restaurants, seeing the zoo, or just walking in the park of the same name.
Steph led me inside and to the elevator, which was a bit of a throwback, steel safety gate and all, then out at the fourth level.
"This whole floor has been rented for the next three months," she explained. "There are a total of twelve apartments, each of which has two bedrooms, so keep in mind that choosing more than twenty women to live here will cause logistics problems, since one of the apartments has been converted to a gym for you to use."
"Whose idea was that?" I asked with a smile, feeling quite touched at the thoughtfulness.
Stephanie laughed at my expression. "Gloria, of course. She thought seeing you all sweaty might appeal to the female viewers."
"Oh."
She laughed again and took my elbow, leading me into the first apartment on the left.
It was a pretty standard setup with a reasonably sized living room and adjoining kitchen -- basic, but functional, a little larger than your typical hotel suite. The furnishings, on the other hand, were much nicer. A very large television adorned one wall of the common area, faced by a chair upholstered in a soft blue fabric and an enormous sofa decked out in cream leather that looked like it might actually fit me. Testing in the name of science, I found that I could stretch out entirely. "When this is over, I'm taking this couch with me."
At the back of the space was a powder room, which held my attention for all of fifteen seconds, and two bedrooms, which were considerably more interesting. One had been turned into a studio, complete with two chairs, a boom mic, multiple light sources, a fancy looking camera, and a bunch of other equipment whose uses I could only have guessed at. The other bedroom -- my bedroom -- looked like it came out of an ultramodern design catalogue. The bed was brushed aluminum, very sleek and very masculine, with a black leather headboard and black silk sheets. "Really?"
Stephanie shrugged. "50 Shades maybe?"
I pointed to the matching dresser, which consisted of stacked glass shelves and nothing else. "The entire country is going to see how I fold my underwear."
"Why do you fold your underwear -- are you worried about it getting wrinkled?"
I rubbed at my eyes for a moment, not sure from Stephanie's expression if she was teasing me or not. "Actually, I have no idea. But seriously, isn't this taking the 'no privacy' thing a little far?"
The amused look on her face said I was being ridiculous, so I turned to Toby, who was the picture of professionalism behind his camera and no help at all. I sat on the oversized bed, feeling the slick material, then bounced up and down lightly to test it's firmness. "It is pretty nice," I admitted, which earned me an eye roll and a grin.
With a deep breath, I pushed myself up and into the bathroom. "No way." Stephanie's smirk was in full effect as I took in the shockingly large space. The granite counter wasn't really a surprise, nor were the modern fixtures, but the shower was easily big enough for four adults to share, even if one is as big as me. I spent five solid minutes trying out the four different shower heads, two wands, eight jets, and their multitude settings, which were all controlled by a digital interface. "If I didn't know better, I'd think Gloria had something in mind."

~ ~ ~

Stephanie gave me a couple hours to get settled before we started our interview. The conversation was easy and I had no trouble stringing her along, right up to the point where I told her I couldn't narrow the field to less than forty-five women.
"But weren't you only going to meet with twenty-five?"
"Thirty, and it's too hard," I replied. "The biographies are amazing. I can't believe these women are interested in meeting me, let alone considering something more." She gave me a disbelieving look, but I shook it off. "That wasn't exaggeration, Steph. I really cannot wait to meet them."
She smiled indulgently and we moved on.
As we wrapped for the day, Toby gave me a thumbs up and headed out; Stephanie lingered at the door. "Do you really not understand why those women want to meet you?"
I sighed deeply. "Objectively, yes. I'm big, strong, and have a lot of money. But Steph, I'm just me. I'm weird, contrary, and more than a little socially awkward."
She walked back and gave me an unexpected hug. "You're also smart and sweet and caring. Don't sell yourself short, Kai -- you're what every girl dreams about."
"Every girl?" I asked with a smirk, obviously, lewdly checking her out.
Rather than reply, she grinned and added extra wiggle as she walked back to the door. I laughed loudly and she waved without turning back, then was gone.
It seems Stephanie forgot about my apartment having cameras all over, and her saucy saunter was all over the internet the next day, courtesy of Gloria's team in production. I was thrilled, because in addition to being able to relive the moment, I got to see Steph's face as she walked toward the door, and her smirk was sexy as hell.
In total, the apartment was fitted with about twenty cameras -- even I didn't know where they all were, but I was pretty sure they left the little anteroom with the toilet camera-free. My favorite, because it was obviously the coolest, was the one mounted to a track system in the combination living room-kitchen; it could move freely back and forth as well as pivot and tilt, making it great for covering the entirety of the main living area.
Anyway, Stephanie was apparently not pleased with her new exposure; I wasn't there for the blowup between her and Gloria, but by the time we came back together as a group at the JJC offices, any friction was in the past. The bigger issue was that I had almost doubled the number of women being flown to Chicago for the meet and greet and Gloria was none-too-happy with me.
"You were supposed to pick twenty-five."
"Nuh-uh," I retorted with a finger wave, "thirty. We're still close to that, which is good enough for me."
"But you doubled the travel costs, and some of the women are from outside the US," she persisted.
"Really? That's so cool."
She gave me a cold, hard look.
I took a breath and decided to stop being intentionally dense. "How is the viewership?"
She fought it for a moment, but a smile broke loose. "Pretty great, actually. Our live feeds, when they're going, are consistently North of a million viewers, and the interview with Stephanie last week was at almost five. For an interview." She shook her head disbelievingly.
"Good," I said simply, and we didn't talk about the number of women again. Instead, I asked something that had been bothering me. "How do you want me handling nudity in the apartment?" I didn't mean it to be so abrupt, it just felt like time for a new topic. Unfortunately, it caught Stephanie off guard and she snorted water out her nose, then coughed more onto the table. Gloria was chuckling while we helped clean up.
"I was wondering when this would come up. We did say all access," she started, "but I think we should start slowly to let the audience build."
"So no walking around naked?"
"You walk around naked?" asked a wide-eyed Stephanie.
"Not usually, but for my fans..." I replied with a wink.
She folded her arms and looked away. "Impossible man."
Like me, Gloria was grinning. "Do what you like. The production team will have enough notice to switch to a different camera if it's not the right time. If they do get a brief glimpse of your... self," she said with a smirk, "it's only going to tease what's coming later.
"Are you saying what I think you're saying?" asked Stephanie, literally aghast.
"We'll see how it plays out," Gloria replied neutrally.
Stephanie turned to me. "You don't care if you're naked all over the internet?"
"Not really," I responded. "I'm not the best looking guy, but at least I'm in shape. I just wanted to make sure I understood everyone's expectations before the apartment feed is on all the time. Are we still going live 24-7 tomorrow night?"
Gloria nodded. "We'll let you get partially dressed and then start the cameras. Stephanie will be waiting in the living room and you'll ride to the Bellham together to meet your ladies."
"My ladies. I like the sound of that." Gloria reached over and patted my hand affectionately. Across the table, Steph still looked shaken.