Hal did not want to get up. The thought of the company GPS tracker on his truck buzzed around inside his mind like a wasp at a picnic. Sooner or later, someone in operations would notice he was still stationary outside Salt Lake City. On the other hand, since picking up Cody, nobody could go through his logs and accuse him of not getting his 10 hour breaks. But he needed to get on the road. And that would mean he could no longer lay in this comfy motel bed, feeling the warmth of a naked teenage girl's body curled up against him, her breath going into his ear as she snored softly.
Hal had spent another hour the night before, first penetrating drunk, eighteen-year old Cody, watching and listening to her cum as she arched her back. Then she jerked him off again, first with her hands, then her mouth, and then her bare, wrinkled soles. Cody was puzzled and amused by how her bare feet made Hal so hard, and watched in fascination as Hal made her keep her toes pointed while he rubbed his aching-hard penis against her wrinkled bare soles. She was fascinated by how his cum running into the furrows of her wrinkles made him hard again right away.
Finally they had fallen asleep together.
Now, Hal looked down at her and his penis grew hard again, sore as it was from last night. He could not believe this was real. She wasn't a "lot lizard," charging by the trick (not that Hal knew anything more about that). She was young and fresh with smooth, round cheeks, and so innocent and naïve.
He pulled back the covers and looked back and forth over Cody. Her hair was rumpled. Her breasts were so round. Her bare feet were soiled. Hal couldn't help himself. He began jerking off to Cody, letting his eyes roam over her and drinking in the sensation of her body against his. The bed springs creaked softly and the headboard jostled as he jerked himself, his strokes getting quicker and shorter. He gritted his teeth as he came quietly with a soft grunt, splashing semen softly onto Cody's lower back and along her flank. He shifted down and squeezed the last drops of cum onto her bare bum.
The shifting bed woke Cody and her eyes opened to see Hal over her, squeezing the last drops from his penis onto her bare ass. "Whuu..." she groaned. Her hand went to her head.
"Morning, Princess," whispered Hal. "We have to hit the road." He lay back down beside her, pressing his penis into her bare body.
Cody burrowed into a pillow. "My head hurts," she whimpered. Her hand brushed down her flank and found Hal's cum all over her skin. Her fingers froze. "Unnnnh! Fuck! Hal!" she groaned. "What did you just do?"
"Let me get you some Tylenol," said Hal. "We really have to get up. Are you really hung over?" Cody kept her head burrowed into the pillow, shielding her her eyes from the light. She groaned and nodded. Her fingers continued caressing her naked flank, and slowly explored Hal's cum.
"Ugh," she moaned. Her hand reached up to Hal and wiped Hal's cum off her fingers onto his face, smearing it around. Hal's nose wrinkled at his scent and he jerked his head back. "Clean yourself off me first," Cody mumbled.
He slipped away from her and out of the bed. Cody rolled her face full into the pillow and wrapped it around her head. She groaned again. Hal washed his cum off his face with a damp washcloth and then returned to wipe her flank and bum clean. He returned again with Tylenol and water. Cody sat up slowly, rubbing her temples, and took the Tylenol.
"I'm hung over, Hal," she whimpered. "I wanna sleep more first."
Hal pulled the flat sheet off the bed and wrapped it around Cody's naked body. "Brush your teeth, Princess. Then I'll put you in the sleeper cab and you can keep sleeping while I drive. I have to keep the company happy." Hal decided this was not a good time to make her dress back up in the mini skirt outfit.
Hal coaxed Cody into the washroom where she took a hot shower while Hal brushed his teeth and gathered up their belongings. He wrapped Cody, still naked and damp, in the bedsheet. Cody snatched a pillow off the bed as he lifted her away, and clung to it tightly as Hal carried her out to the rig, hoping nobody would take an interest in the strange sight.
He made sure she was comfortable in the sleeper cab, gave her another Tylenol, tossed their stuff inside, and started up the rig. He trundled it across to the Flying J for a breakfast sandwich and coffee to go.
"You want anything, Princess? " he called back into the sleeper cab.
"No thank you," answered a faint, weak voice. Cody had sandwiched her head between the motel pillow and the one in the sleeper cab.
"Okay then keep drinking your water."
Hal quickly bought coffee, bottles of juice and sandwiches. He jumped back in and pulled out onto westbound Interstate 80. He was relieved to be back on the route, and relieved to still have Cody with him.
With Cody out of commission in the back, Hal wondered if he could go flat out to Reno. It would be a long day, but he had to make up for lost time. He also had things on his mind. Like whether he wanted to give up trucking and look up his friend in L.A. about a local delivery truck gig. Maybe settle down on the west coast. Hal drove resolutely west.
* * *
About two and half hours later, around Wells, Nevada, Hal felt a rustling as Cody emerged from the sleeper cab, still wrapped in the motel bed sheet. She slid into the passenger seat, dazed and bleary-eyed, looking out the windows at the taupe and olive scrub with the distant, crouching, grey-blue, bone dry mountain ridges.
"Where are we?" she asked.
"We're in Nevada, Princess."
"Are we going to Vegas?"
"No, that's too far south of here. We'd have to turn at I-93 and go south for six hours."
"Oh," said Cody.
"But we're straight on course for Reno," he added impulsively. "It's like a smaller Vegas."
Hal suddenly had a flash in his mind of Cody in a casino, holding a drink, laughing as she wore her tiny mini skirt with her bare bum peeking out every time she leaned forward too far. He felt a jolt of need in his stomach, and his penis started growing.
"Reno has casinos, but not like Vegas. No Strip," he added.
Cody nodded her head, and adjusted her bed sheet around her.
Hal glanced her way. He could see her bare feet emerging from the sheets, her bare soles showing, with her smooth, bare shoulders emerging at the other end.
"You feeling better, Princess?" he asked.
Cody nodded. "A little better. But I really have to pee."
Uh oh, thought Hal. He thought about the jug and then quickly dropped the thought.
"How badly do you have to pee?"
"Bad. Is there a toilet?"
"Nope. We'll have to pull over at the next turnout Princess."
"Where?" They both looked at the twin ribbon stretching endlessly to the horizon.
"I dunno but it has to be safe."
"So I have to pee by the road?"
"I guess it depends how long you can hold it."
"I can't pee by the road, I'm only wearing a bedsheet. What do you normally do?"
Hal hesitated.
"A jug," he said.
"What? Seriously?"
"Yes, seriously."
"Where's the jug?"
Hal reached over behind his seat on the driver side and pulled out a strange looking jug with a hose emerging from the top. The top ended in a cup.
"Sometimes truckers just use empty water bottles and toss them but that's not right. So I use this for emergencies. Then I dump it out later."
Cody stared, her mouth agape.
"That thing better not have any pee in it already," she said.
"It's empty," said Hal curtly. "Take this or hold it in."
"I'm sorry," Cody said quickly, catching the tone in Hal's voice. She reached out and gingerly took the contraption. Keeping her bed sheet wrapped around her she slid out of her seat and squeezed past Hal into the sleeper cabin behind them. There was a lot of rustling and then silence. Hal kept his eyes on the road. Shortly, he heard a muffled, echoing liquid sound as Cody relieved herself into the contraption. Then he heard a whispered curse.
"Everything alright back there?" he called.
"Erm, yes. Where's tissue?"
"Top door on your left."
There was more rustling.
"What do I do with the jug?"
"Just tuck it behind my seat. Make sure the cap's tight."
"Okay." Cody tucked the jug in behind Hal's seat and slipped back down into the passenger seat, the bed sheet pulled tight around her. They rode on in silence for a few minutes.
"Do you want an orange juice? I bought some drinks and stuff and put them in the fridge."
Cody leaned around and opened the fridge door, and pulled out a juice. Hal watched her out of the corner of his eye as she sipped it.
"I'm sorry about last night..." she said hesitantly. "I was a completely drunk whore, and that's not who I am."
"Wait, what? Hang on a sec here," said Hal. "You weren't being a whore!"
"Well, I was seriously drunk. And we slept together, n' stuff."
"Um," said Hal. "You say it like it was a bad thing..."
"No I don't mean it that way. It was really great! I just mean like..."
"Like what?"
"I don't know."
"So you don't want me to be your daddy?"
Cody blushed and looked away. "Fuck, I can't believe I said that," she mumbled.
"I really liked last night..." said Hal.
"Me too," said Cody, "a lot. I just don't want stuff to come out of it."
"I have no idea what you mean."
"I don't want you to catch feelings or something."
"Catch feelings...?"
"Yeah."
"What an amazingly ridiculous teenage thing to say!"
Hal almost said that out loud.
But he bit his tongue and stayed quiet a moment.
"Don't worry Princess, I won't do that," he said instead. "We just have a little arrangement to get you to California."
Cody nodded quietly, looking down. Hal wondered if she was starting to regret her deal. Maybe it felt too much to her like she was being an escort. He felt a small pang as he thought back to last night, when she snuggled against him and asked if she could follow him to wherever he wound up after Oakland. But then, she had been very drunk of course, and she was hopelessly young. And he was hopelessly middle-aged, and supposed to know better. Hal resolved to make the best of their "arrangement" while he could. He thought about L.A. again and wondered if Cody would still visit with him there.
As they passed through Elko, Nevada, he glanced over at her dirty, bare wrinkled soles peeping out from underneath the bed sheet. Her tousled hair was a bird's nest of a mess. She hadn't yet showered that day. Hal decided she was hot as hell in this state; a young, ripe, 18-year old, feral vixen. In that moment he wanted her badly.