I stirred in the bed, hearing the shower start. As I roll over to fall back asleep, the sound of quick footsteps catches my attention, and I turn to look in the direction.
"BABY," Jamie yells happily, taking one more step and jumping, frog style, on to me. I bearhug her in the blankets separating our naked bodies.
Swishing her hair out of her face, she plants her juicy lips on mine. I hug her tight against my body. After, a long embrace she pushes herself away. I pretend to resist and hold her against me, releasing my grip after just a little resistance. Jamie sits up on my lap, hands on my chest, hair framing her face and breasts standing proud.
"Did you have fun?" She asks.
"I did," I respond stoically.
"Good because I sure did." She says enthusiastically. This comment brings a smile to both our faces.
"What time did you get to bed?" She asks.
"3:30-4:00."
"Did you have some more fun?" she implores.
"A little. I don't remember the last time that I've had so many orgasms. Jasmine says you are a professional carpet muncher." I state.
Jamie slaps my chest.
"Maybe we can see if you can have more today. Let's have a shower before hitting the slopes." Jamie says, stepping off me and pulling the blanks revealing my naked body and morning wood. Dropping the blanket, she runs to the shower.
I move my body, tired and sore, to the edge of the bed and stand up. As I pass the door to the house, I see Jasmine naked cooking in the kitchen and no sign of Craig. She must have felt my eyes and turned, giving me an excited wave. I wave back and head to the bathroom.
The steam had already built up obstructing the view of Jamie, but I could see bits of her wet body and wondered how lucky a guy could be. I continued to stare till Jamie noticed me and pushed open the door.
I almost jump to action hopping in with her as the waterfall faucet above engulfs us both. I grab her legs just under her ample butt cheeks and lift her to me. Her hands quickly wrapped around my neck and we embrace in a passionate kiss. Her breasts squished against my chest, and her legs pull me tight, now around my waist.
Our lips and tongues move quickly with unabashed passion, and even as our breath was heavy with the steam, we couldn't stop.
Jamie's legs finally broke their tight embrace around me and I lower her to the ground. Surprised at how tired my arms were. She rested her head on my chest and tenderly said, "I love you."
"I love you too beautiful, forever and always" I responded.
"Alright, enough of this romantic lovey stuff. I've got to wash my hair." She says with a quick switch of tone. Cueing me to leave but not before I slap her ass.
I dried off with the provided towels as Jamie washed her hair and sang along with her phone which I hadn't noticed till this moment.
I go to grab my robe but quickly changed my mind, I mean who was I covering up for? I strolled down the stairs in my full glory. Jasmine and Craig were sat at the island next to each other and looked up as I approached.
I smiled as they cat-called me. Jasmine and Craig had matching silk robes, and I noticed Jasmine feet in Craig's lap under his rob.
"How are you two doing this morning?" I inquire.
"Fantastic," Jasmine states," last night was a trip."
"Good way to put it," I respond.
"I enjoyed every minute," Craig responds, much to my surprise.
Through her giggles of excitement, Jasmine manages to fire off two questions to me; where Jamie is and are we headed up the mountain.
"She is washing her hair, and that is the plan although I am a bit sore," I answer.
"Some breakfast will help with that," says Craig handing me a plate of scrambled eggs, sausage and toast.
"Looks great. Thanks."
I sit down to eat as we reminisce about the previous night, leaving out Craig and my final encounter, and about the mountain today.
Jamie comes down the stairs in a full ski bunny outfit: white skin-tight leggings, tight winter sweater, poufy knitted hat, and leg warmers. She was a sight to behold, and my excitement was clear to everyone as my cock rose to attention.
"How am I supposed to be able to follow that down the mountain all day," I joke.
"I'd follow that anywhere," Jasmine and Craig state almost simultaneously.
Jamie blushes.
"I thought these boys might be able to feed me some breakfast. "Jamie asks coyly.
"Way to go, girl, it is perfect, I need to run and get dressed. Have fun!" Jasmine answers for all of us.
Jasmine bounds away and Jamie moves over to grab me by my cock and pulls me toward Craig, who she grabs by the balls. Jamie marches to the couch with us in tow. Sitting us on opposite ends of the couch, she plops down between us.
"Skiing without the mountain," she laughs.
Her hands waste no time stroking both our lengths and moving up and down our erect shafts at a frantic pace. Jamie kept this going for a couple of minutes then moved to the ground on her knees facing us. She indicates without speaking that we should move closer together. Craig and I comply. My arms outstretched on the back of the couch and coincidentally, around Craig. He followed my lead and did the same.
Jamie knelt forward bringing Craig's bulbous head to her lips. Kissing the tip and leaving a red lipstick print on it. Her hands don't slow on our cock, even as she sucks the entire head into her mouth. I know the technique she is using, and Craig's moans confirm. Her tongue is swirling around the head of his cock while she creates an airtight seal with those perfect lips. The slightest movement of her head provides amplified pleasure. This technique is how she gets a man to cum fast!
Jamie's hand slows to a crawl on my cock, but her other is flying up and down Craig's shaft while her mouth continues to try and sucks his head right off the shaft. Just as I start to admire how long he is lasting, I notice his body and balls tighten, and in an instant his hips thrust forward into Jamie's mouth, feeding her his cum.
Jamie doesn't slow at all, and even as Craig squirms in post-orgasm sensitivity, Jamie makes sure she gets every last drop. When she is satisfied, she releases Craig to slump in the chair.
Jamie looks up at me with her big beautiful eyes and shifts over to me. Though, she doesn't go to my cock but instead rises to kiss me. I openly accept her kiss with the smell and taste of Craig. Her tongue separates my lips and pushes Craig's load into my mouth. The amount she was holding is astonishing. The taste was quite pleasant this morning as I swallow the creamy goodness.
"There was enough there for two; I thought you'd enjoy," Jamie says lowering herself to the floor between my legs. Even before I can respond, she uses the same technique on me, and my balls begin to tighten. I am filling her mouth with everything my balls can muster. She gives Craig an offering look, but he quickly refuses.
"Aww, you didn't leave any for me," Jasmine complains, appearing at the corner of the couch as Craig and I stand up.
Jamie bounces up, her boobs not held down by a bra and kisses Jasmine. The surprise and delight in Jasmine's eyes as she feels my cum get passed to her near buckles my knees. As their mouths separate a tiny string of cum connects them; Jasmine uses her hand to pull to her mouth.
"Breakfast of champions," Jamie says, "Get dressed boys lets to go."
It was an easy slope from just outside the cabin to the gondola and chairlift. Jamie was a beginner skier, Craig was only slightly better on a snowboard, Jasmine was a wizard on her board, and I am a competent skier. By the time we arrived at the chairlift, it was clear we would be doing separate runs; Jasmine and I & Craig and Jamie.
Jamie is the first to bring up that she is heading to the green/blue chair and asks Craig who wants to tag along. She wiggles her ass toward everyone, and Craig quickly agrees.
"We could all do a couple of easier runs together and then go to the more difficult stuff," I suggest.
"I don't want to waste any of the days. If they get comfortable, they can come to find us," Jasmine interjects tugging my arm.
"Sounds good," Jamie agrees, as she glides away to the chairlift.
I slide along beside Jasmine to the gondola and quickly remove my ski's and follow her on. The lineups haven't started yet as it was still early. The doors shut and we begin to ascend with only a couple other people in the gondola.
Jasmine turns to face me as we stand in the corner. We make idle chat about the conditions of the mountain, runs we should take and our equipment. I am not sure I was a great conversationalist at this point as her proximity and smell were intoxicating. My snow pants luckily hid my growing member.
"So, it's a bet?" Jasmine asks. I quickly come back to reality and nod yes. What had we bet?
The gondola starts at the top, and as the door opens, Jasmine gives me a light push back and races out the door. Must be a bet on who is first down the mountain, I think. I make my way out and clip into my ski, watching Jasmine head down the face.
"Guess, you just want to wear my panties!" Jasmine yells back at me as I begin to follow. I laugh at the other people giving me sideways glances. I push off and head into the beautiful scene in front of me, the sun shining off the fresh mountain snow, the unblocked view of wilderness for miles and Jasmine in her element flying down the hill.
I bend my knees and tuck my poles under my arms. I quickly start to gain ground on Jasmine as she carves big turns knowing she has a sizeable lead. The wind in my face picks up as we begin to hit the steep part of the run.
My heart starts to race as I am about to catch her. Then out of nowhere, moguls! My knees start to pump as I try and slow to control my descent. I miss a turn and in an instant, my leg goes flying, and one ski breaks away beside me. Just as quickly as it started it was all over, nothing but my pride was hurt as I sat there on the mountain.
I stand up and move to my lost ski, snapping it back into place and heading down the rest of the moguls in a much more controlled state. I reach the bottom to Jasmine's million-dollar smile and spray her with a wave of snow as I stop.
"Poor loser!" she says, laughing as she blocks flying snow from her face.
"Not fair you are way better than me," I respond.
"Aww, poor baby," Jasmine responds with absolutely no sympathy.
We head back to the line up for the gondola.
"When we get to the top, we will find a wood area to change sweetie," Jasmine says with just a touch of evil in her voice.
As we loaded on, there were a few more people, so we made our way to a corner. Jasmine backed her ass right into my crotch. My cock hardened against her instantly.
"Nice, that's going to look so good in my lacy thong," Jasmine says aloud for anyone to hear. I feel my cheeks start to heat up before my masculine bravado kicks in.
"Whatever gets your motor going," I respond confidently.
"What a man! What's the bet this time?" Jasmine asks.
"I don't know if I want to bet you again," I respond.
"Come on; I'll make an offer you can't resist," Jasmine insists.
"I like the sound of that."
"If I win, you have to give me a private Yoni massage like the one last night, but if you win, I'll let you fuck my throat till you cum in my stomach," Jasmine states.
In shock, I nod in agreement even though Jasmine was unable to see my head while grinding her ass into my crotch.
"You are okay with that?" I inquire. Knowing this is something Jamie is not a fan of even in the gentlest of terms.
"Yes! It is so primal, so feral. Men react so much more. A little choking, little pain but all pleasure," Jasmine recalls while daydreaming about it.
"Okay, What run?"
"The West Coast express."
I realized at that point that she loves to be dominated. This must be why it was so hot to see me take control of Craig. I reach around and pull her into me with one arm while tilting her head with the other. The supple skin of her neck was exposed to my lips and even teeth as I kiss and bite her.
The doors to the gondola opened and we both raced out leaving the remaining people in a little bit of shock from our display. As we clear, I hip-check Jasmine just enough to throw her off balance. I clip into my skis and take off, trying to get enough of a lead to win.
As I head down the run, it is relatively clear of people. The sign for the run says it was only a blue run. Had Jasmine done this to lose purposely? Just as the thought crosses my mind, I hear a boarder flying behind me.
"Hey, stop, our first bet remember," Jasmine calls out.
I stop on a dime and this time she sprays me with snow. Without hesitation, she starts to take her board off, and I follow her lead. I start to walk to the tree line, looking over my shoulder, I stop in my tracks.
Jasmine peeled off her pants right there. I admire that shapely booty wiggle out of her pants and thong. Quickly removing my pants and boxers, exposed to anyone coming down the run. My penis and balls were shrinking by the second in the cold.
Jasmine had already pulled up her pants and had her hand out with the panties toward me.
"These panties are going to look better on you than those briefs. That thing between your legs might fit in them right now," Jasmine chides.
"You're such a comedian; we will see how that works while I plow your mouth with my cock," I respond.
I move to grab the panties from her, and she jokingly pulls them away before handing them to me. I pull them up, the lace shapes my ass beautifully, and Jasmine was right my shrunk cock fit in the front but just barely.
"Looks good, I am going to play with that ass again," Jasmine says as she finishes buckling up her snowboard boots.
Just as Jasmine takes off and I bend over to pick up my pants, another skier flies past me.
"Damn!" The skier exclaims as she continues down the mountain.
I quickly move to my skis and head down the run. I fly straight down the simple route, not expecting to catch up but then I see a glimpse of Jasmine and the other skier at one of the flats. Jasmine had one foot out of her board and was speed walking to the slope.
I fly past her and down the last little bit. My heart starts to race; I am going to win; Jasmine's throat and ass are mine! I come to a stop at the base and catch my breath.
Jasmine stops next to me a minute later.
"Unfair, that skier flagged me down to ask if I knew you. I thought she was in trouble," Jasmine complains.
"Poor loser, a bet is a bet, I own you now," I reply with a smirk.
"Well, at least I know I am in good hands," Jasmine responds with a big smile.
"Too bad," the skier says as she glides by us.
"What was that about?" I ask Jasmine.
"She wanted to know if you were available," Jasmine says.
"Interesting," I respond.
"I told her she would have to ask your wife."
We headed back for another run. We looked for our significant others, but they were nowhere to be found.
There wasn't a lineup for Jamie and Craig as they get on the chairlift. The chair scoops them both up and off they go.
"So, how do you walk with that thing between your legs?" Jamie inquires to Craig.
"It is a blessing and a curse," Craig responds with a laugh.
"I'd definitely say it's more of a blessing, it would look great between these big tits," Jamie says, as she pushes her tits together and toward Craig.
"I would love to do that!" Craig says, eyeing the big jacket covered tits.
"Why are we on the mountain then. We could be getting drunk, and you could be destroying my pussy." Jamie exclaims.
"Hell yeah. Let's head back, I have some fantastic weed too!" Craig responds.
"I haven't smoked in years."
Just like that, they arrived at the top of the chairlift. The moved out of the way to the top of the run and Craig began to do up his binding.
"Are you going to suck my husbands' cock?" Jamie asks, nonchalantly.
"Don't think so," Craig stammers, recalling the night before in his head. He immediately grew hard to his own embarrassment. As he stood, his impressive bulge was visible through his snow pants.
"Wow, it looks like you might be into it a little more than you are letting on. Let's go make good use of that," Jamie says, tapping Craig's tent just before starting her descent. Craig followed behind enjoying the view of Jamie's ass bobbing up and down as she carved the run.
The run flew by in a flash as they both had a single goal in mind. Arriving back at the warm cabin, winter gear started flying off as soon as the door closed behind them.
"Shots?" Craig suggests.
"I'll pour you go roll," Jamie orders, heading to the kitchen and grabbing the tequila. She pours three shots, and as Craig goes to grab the joints from his room, she peels off her clothes and hops up on the table in her matching black, lacy lingerie. She places one shot between her legs, one between her tits and one in her mouth. Craig returns to this glorious sight and gets the hint.
Craig moves over beside the table and slides his hands up the outside of her legs, then lowers his head to grab the first shot from between her thighs, making sure to rub his face right into the sweet, soft flesh. After tilting his head back to swallow the shot, Craig's hands moved quickly up to Jamie's bra-clad breasts. He cupped one in each hand before realizing it caused the shot to spill. Without, a word between Jamie and him, Craig lowered his head to lick the tequila from the top of her breasts to her neck.
Jamie moaned around the shot glass in her mouth. Her whole body felt electric, seducing Craig while solo had made her pussy so wet. Even if it was a fair game this weekend, it felt a little naughtier without Michael around.
Craig carefully kissed the shot glass away from her mouth while his hands explored her big tits. Craig tilts his head back and drains the shot glass while Jamie spins herself on the table, wrapping her legs around Craig's hips and pulling him into her.
"Oh, I can feel that big bulge already," Jamie growls as her hands crawl up Craig's back squishing her tits into his chest. Jamie looks up into Craig's eyes and just as his eyes shut moving for a kiss, she runs her hand to grab the joint behind his, evading the kiss playfully Jamie unwraps her legs from Craig.
"Let's get in the hot tub and light this thing," Jamie says. She rips off her remaining clothes and turns to run to the hot tub. Her tits and ass bounce as she goes; time seems to slow for Craig. Craig quickly strips then grabs a couple beers and a lighter and follows her outside and into the tub.
The cold air didn't seem to affect Craig's size. As he walked up the stairs, the semi-hard form of his cock slapped from thigh to thigh with a thud. It was Jamie's turn for time to slow. Jamie licked her lips absentmindedly, imagining that beast penetrating her.
Craig hands Jamie the lighter as they are now both submerged in the hot tub. She lights the joint and starts to take a pull, tasting that sticky air as it fills her lungs. Jamie begins to cough as she hasn't smoked in years.
"You sound like a rookie," Craig says laughing.
"I might as well be," Jamie responds. The smoke already gave her a lightheaded feel as she reaches across the tub to hand Craig the joint.
Craig begins to take a big pull on the joint.
"I am a professional at other things," Jamie says sliding next to Craig and gripping his. She uses a hand under his ass to help raise his hips. This causes several inches of his cock to rise above the water.
Jamie's mouth enclosed around the head in a flash as her body moved to stand in the middle of the tub. She ran both arms under Craig's legs lifting more of his cock to her inhaling mouth as he holds the side of the tub. Her hands grope his ass cheeks whiles she forces her mouth to accept more of Craig.
Spit managed to squeeze by her lips, sliding down Craig's shaft as her head bobbed up and down. Jamie never lost suction as her tongue tried to swirl around the invading cock. All Craig could do was moan.
Finally, releasing the cock to come up for air, Jamie sets Craig down into his seat moving one hand to stroke his shaft under the water while the other straddles his ass cheek with the middle finger rubbing his rosebud.
In Craig's, relaxed state he accepted her finger placement very naturally and enjoyed the continued hand job. He places the joint against Jamie's lips, and she takes a pull, this time without coughing.
Jamie is surprised at the lack of resistance to her anal exploration and decides to push the boundaries.
"Why don't you sit on the edge so I can access that whole cock," Jamie suggests.
Craig quickly moves up with his beer and leans against the deck rail around the tub. His cock pointing straight to the roof in its massive veiny glory. His sizeable balls tighten due to the cold.
Jamie moves up close and continues to run her hand up and down his cock, but as she does, she lowers her head to his balls and sucks each one into her mouth. Her tongue rolls them around, one by one. The spit she is producing runs down Craig's balls the falls into Jamie's hand which is rubbing against his asshole.
When Jamie figures he is lubed enough, she rises up to swallow the head of his cock again. She swallows the head and uses her tongue to massage the area on the underside of the cock head. At the same time, her middle finger slips into Craig's ass with no resistance from him or the hole.
Emboldened by Craig's reaction, Jamie slides another finger in and starts to massage Craig's prostate in a come-hither motion. The rhythm matches her mouths movement up and down on Craig's shaft, almost pulling him into her.
Craig's mind is swimming. The sensations Jamie is providing to his cock and ass have left him speechless, it was a lot like the night before when Michael fucked him, he just gave into the passion. His ass squeezed her fingers almost like it wanted more. Craig couldn't believe how well her mouth handled his size, it had taken Jasmine a lot longer. Craig's body began to tense.
Jamie felt the tension rise and redoubled her efforts against Craig's prostate.
Craig bucked his hips forward as his balls tightened, expelling his seed. He could feel his load leave with such force.
Jamie managed to keep her mouth secure on Craig's cock as his load filled her mouth. It just kept going shot after shot, and while she didn't plan to, she involuntarily swallowed some. Craig's ass spasmed on her fingers.
Craig settled back into his seat and twitched as removed her fingers and mouth from him. He was in such a daze that he barely noticed as Jamie stood up against him.
Jamie put her lips to Craigs and started pushing her tongue into his mouth, forcing his cum across.
The salty taste brought Craig to the realization of what had happened, but in his stoned post-orgasm bliss he didn't mind at all.
They both slid back into the tub.
"You should really let Michael fuck you," Jamie commented, nonchalantly.
"Uhh..." Craig stammers entirely off guard. Blood filled his cheeks; his poker face while stoned was non-existent.
"That son of a bitch fucked you last night! Didn't he?" Jamie demanded.
Craig looked down in embarrassment.
"That is so fucking hot! I wish I had seen it. Did he dominate you? Will you do it again? Did you cum?" Jamie fired questions at him.
"Uhh... Yes to all of it... Please don't tell Jasmine." Craig finally spoke.
"Oh, I won't, but you got to do two things for me: One, that tongue and cock better make me see stars today and two you have to tell me how it happened."
As Craig regaled her with the story of the night before, Jamie couldn't help but picture her husband so dominant a man over men, confident in himself as a human; if people only knew how he was such putty in her hands. Craig was light on specific details, but Jamie asked some probing questions.
"Did you cum from penetration?"
"Yes."
"Did you enjoy being his bottom?"
"Yes."
She was surprised at the last answer because even though Craig had fucked Michael first yesterday and in front of the girls no less, he had never seemed like the bottom while Craig just from a story seemed that way.
"Do you want him again?"
"Yes," Craig answers with a hint of neediness in his voice.
"Well, then you better please me! Let's head inside; you can give me a full body massage." Jamie states. The weed had given her a pleasant concentration, and she was going to make full use of it.
******
Jasmine and I just finished a black diamond run. She had done it with her usual grace on the slopes, and I had struggled, falling multiple times; much to Jasmine's delight! We put our skis and snowboards in the racks and stomp toward the restaurant.
"How do those panties feel?" Jasmine asks with a smile.
"Pretty sure a ball is hanging out."
"Well, just remember you owe me a face ride, a cream pie, and a strap-on fuck!" She recounts the bets she won the rest of the morning.
"At least I get to fuck that pretty little mouth!" I respond with a menacing grin.
As we push into the packed restaurant, we find ourselves a spot right at the bar.
"Jaeger bombs, and whatever beer you have on tap," I order for Jasmine and myself.
"Any food?" The bartender asks.
"We will have the appetizer platter," I answer.
"I like the take-charge attitude even in girly panties," Jasmine comments while her hand slips into the back of my snow pants and snaps the underwear up.
The bartender returns with our Jaeger bombs which we promptly cheers to and finish.
"You didn't get me one?" asks a female voice, I don't recognize.
"Oh, hey, you lost me a bet!" Jasmine chides. I slowly clue in that this was the lady that had seen me changing on our second run.
"Sorry. What bet?" She inquires, adding "those panties sure look good on you. "
It just hits me that Jasmine pulled them into view when I am bent over the bar causing me to stand up.
"If he beat me to the bottom, he gets to fuck my face! You should have to take my place," Jasmine states in a calm but firm tone.
"Are you serious? I've never done anything that ... kinky. Wait, I thought you said he was married?" The lady's cheeks reddened as she blurted out her response.
"We have a couple's agreement for this weekend," I respond.
"Well, you guys are far more adventurous than my husband is... I guess I mean my ex was. We separated a couple of months ago."
"Another shot then to new beginnings."
The conversation continued to flow just like the drinks, and the restaurant got more packed pushing us all closer together. We learned her name was Jane and that she was up here to get away from the stress of her divorce. Jasmine answered her questions and recalled the day before.
I admired the girls while sipping my beer. Jane slightly older than us but looked fantastic, her pouty lips suggested some work had been done, but you couldn't really tell. She was tiny and petite, I am guessing a yoga fanatic.
"What's the kinkiest thing you have done?" Jasmine asks Jane.
"uh... I picked up my husband from the airport in nothing but a trench coat." Jane admitted.
"You go girl; bet he fucked your brains out in the bathroom or the car?" I interject.
"That's the thing, he was more embarrassed than anything, and we drove home in silence."
"We can't let that stand as your kinkiest moment," Jasmine exclaims.
Jasmine pushes Jane's ass up against me, my semi-hard cock surges against her firm ass.
"He might not be able to play but I can," Jasmine says.
Jane gasps as Jasmine's mouth moves to hers. They kiss deeply. Jane melts into my body. I wink at the bartender and give him a nod with my head to come to have a look. He heads over with a beer in hand and looks at the sight. The bartender nods to me approvingly and mouths that the beer is on the house.
The show is lost on the rest of the patrons due to how busy the place is. Jasmine breaks the kiss and looks me straight in the eye as her smile grows.
"Oooooooooooooooo," is all Jane can manage. As Jasmine, talented hands move down her snow pants and into her panties.
Jane is on fire as she presses back against me, laying her head against my chest. Jasmine immediately moves to suck on her exposed neck. That did it. Jane started mewing, trying to stay quiet, as her whole body tensed against me and then melted away. She became limp in my arms.
Jasmine removed her hand and stood upright. She moved her fingers to my mouth, and I greedily tasted Jane's juices.
As Jane recovered, we paid the tab and prepared to grab the lift one last time to head back to our cabin. We exchanged numbers with Jane and told her if the other agree we might need another plaything. She readily acknowledged that she would be available.
It was the last call for the lift, so we grabbed our stuff and just made it in the gondola.
The gondola was empty.
"Fuck that was hot! I am calling in my face sitting bet; lay down!" Jasmine demands.
Instead of following Jasmine's command, I step up to her and tear her pants down, underwear and all. Quickly, I turn my body and hug around her waist, lifting her upside down into the air. Her pussy now directly in front of my mouth. Her feet in the air with snow boots on and pants held around her ankles would've been comical in any other situation.
My tongue plows into her sopping wet cunt. The folds of her pussy open to my tongues invasion and I can feel her swollen clit on my lower lip. I adjust my tongue from her hole to circling her clit.
I move my arms to grab under her shoulders and lift her parallel to the ground. My face never leaves her pussy even as I slowly kneel to the ground. I then transition to a sit and laying position.
Jasmine must have enjoyed the ride because as soon an I laid on the ground she started to grind my face with her cunt. I can't see anything but pussy and ass, I wouldn't have it any other way. Her juices coated my face.
Jasmine placed her hands on my chest and started to rock back and forth slower against my face, allowing me to get into a rhythm and use my tongue.
Gasping for breath when I could, I let my tongue explore her entire pussy and ass.
As Jasmine's body began to tense for an upcoming orgasm, her legs tightened around my head and her motions made sure my tongue stayed against her clit. I struggled to breathe but didn't stop the flickering of my tongue against her.
Her legs tightened again just as I felt like I might pass out, and then she released. Jasmine's hips bucked against my head giving me the opportunity to breathe. I used my tongue to toy her now overly sensitive clit causing more bucking.
The wild ride slowed, and Jasmine stood up off me. I stood while both of us caught our breath.
Jasmine was turned away from me when she bent to reach for her pants.
"I don't fucking think so." I bellow, pulling my cock out of my pants and stepping up to her exposed ass. I grab her hips with one hand pulling her against me. My hardness slide between her slick thigh and sopping cunt. I reach down and grab the base of my dick pointing it up toward her opening and bury the full length into her. My heavy balls slap against her clit causing spasms through her body. I grunt like an animal as I plow into her from behind, slamming against her ass in long hard strokes.
Jasmine braced herself on the pole in the middle of the gondola and was meeting every one of my powerful strokes.
The orgasm hit me like a truck, and my balls fired shot after shot into Jasmine's accepting pussy. I had to brace myself against her as my legs weakened.
Jasmine took a hop away from me causing my cock to exit her with a plop. Then pulled her pants up quickly.
"Better cover up quick stud." She comments with a smirk.
I hadn't realized that the gondola had arrived, and the doors were about to open. I stuffed my cock away just as I made eye contact with the employee working the lift. The employee gave me a knowing smile as I disembarked.
I clipped into my skis as Jasmine did up her boots.
"I don't know if my legs will hold up on this run," I say.
"Don't tell me you're done already, it is going to be a long night, and I need more of that!" Jasmine chides.
We head toward the cabin.
********
Craig's massive cock rested against the top of Jamie's ass crack and up onto her lower back as he straddled her. His hands rubbing her back. They run up and down her fair skin, lightly kneading the knots just below her shoulder blades then back up to her shoulders.
Jamie sighs as she relaxes under Craig's touch. She could feel the heft of Craig's cock and balls against her ass, and it made her pussy moisten.
Craig's hands move down Jamie's sides grazing her breasts that had pressed out from under her. He starts to rub her lower back just above his hard cock. He loved looking and playing with Jamie's curve, and it had a positive effect on his penis. He can't help but slide his hips forward and back just a little to watch his length slide along Jamie's ass cheeks. Craig starts to massage Jamie's ample cheeks around his shaft.
Jamie could feel the weight of Craig's cock on her ass and the thought of that monster filling her up again made her shiver involuntarily under Craig. She felt Craig shift his hips to try and line up his cock with her pussy.
"You don't get that till the front is done," Jamie informs Craig as she rolls around under him.
"Whatever you need!" Craig responds.
Jamie notices another pre-rolled joint behind Craig's ear.
"Light that up for me and get to work," Jamie demands with a smile.
Craig follows her instruction to a tee, and after handing her the joint, he begins to rub her thighs. His hands running up and down the smooth skin lightly as he takes in the glorious sight of Jamie's glistening pussy.
Jamie takes a big pull from the joint, holding the smoke in her lungs. She continues to hoard the joint while enjoying Craig's sensual rubbing. She noticed his balls resting on her foot. Moving both feet in unison, Jamie starts to rub Craig's balls between the balls of her feet.
Craig moaned, more audibly then expected as Jamie's feet moved from toying with his balls to gripping his cock and stroking the length with her toes. He forgot about his job for a second, leaning over Jamie's body and bracing himself on the bed. He looked up at Jamie, and the look on her face reminded him of the job he was supposed to complete. His hands started to maul her massive tits and his mouth lowered to her large, erect nipples. The feeling of her feet along his shaft was new, and he couldn't help but pump his hips. Craig slid his entire length up and down the soles of her feet.
After taking a couple immense pulls on the joint, Jamie placed the joint on the ashtray located on the night table. The effects hand started to hit her hard and time seemed to slow down, her concentration was intense but only on one sensation at a time. Craig's tongue flicking on her nipples was taking the excitement to new heights. She didn't even realize how loud she was moaning under him or that his cock had moved from her feet to the entrance to her pussy. Her concentration quickly went from her nipples to the head of Craig's cock slipping between her pussy lips. Her soaking cunt readily accepted his member, Jamie felt like her pussy was pulling the member into her. All the sudden she felt him begin to withdraw. The sensation of being so full and then so empty consumed her, and she felt an orgasm building and building. Her hand absentmindedly lowered to her clit.
Craig couldn't believe it, Jamie was taking most of his cock with ease and her fingers were moving like a flash on her clit. Craig picked up his pace, withdrawing almost entirely before plunging into the warm sheath of Jamie's pussy. The extreme wetness her pussy produced was nothing like he had felt before.
Jamie's hips bucked hard against Craig as an orgasm ripped through her body. She reached up to pinch her nipple. As she began to come down from her orgasm, her legs unwrapped from around Craig which she didn't remember doing, and Craig continued pounding her. With her mind concentrated on the beast stretching her pussy out touching places she didn't know existed, her hand continued to roll her still hard clit between her fingers. And out of nowhere another orgasm hits her.
Craig just had to hold on as Jamie bucked and rolled through orgasm after orgasm. She seemed consumed by them. Once Craig gained control back, he flipped Jamie onto her stomach, lift her hips up. He noticed how pliable she was, Jamie just continued to frig her clit while letting Craig manipulate her into the "face down, ass up" position. Craig looked down at her stretched out pussy as his head now slipped in, like it belonged. His hands grabbed Jamie by her hips, and he pulled her back on to his hardness as he pushed his hips forward burying as much of his cock as Jamie's body would allow.
Jamie was enjoying the position change as she felt another orgasm approaching. She could hear and feel the pounding of Craig's cock. Her body begins to accept the monstrous size that was relentless penetrating her. There it was another orgasm as her body tensed and her legs began to tremble, she bit the sheet in front of her while slamming her ass against Craig. The orgasm seemed to last forever as she felt every muscle in her body squeeze and release.
Craig couldn't keep track of how many orgasms Jamie had. He was exhausted but grateful for the orgasm early had given him his current staying power. Sweat was dripping off his body as his pace slowed. His orgasm had now been building for over an hour now, and he could feel it growing in his balls.
"Cum in me!" Jamie called out, it was all she could picture right now feeling that pulsing cock fill her with his warm seed.
Craig couldn't help but oblige and pushed deep into Jamie as his balls squeezed tight. He could feel her convulsing vaginal walls pulling out every ounce of cum, and he knew this was a large one. As his orgasm subsided, his cock shrank out of Jamie with a plop, and he rolled over beside her on the bed.
There they laid, passing out quickly with Craig's still sizeable soft cock dripping the last remnants of cum down his thigh and Jamie's cunt oozing an impossible amount of cum.
*****