The sky was a myriad of colours, light pinks and reds to deep oranges and even the hint of dark blue, the promise of night. Andrew watched from atop his castle, enjoying the quiet peace and the solitude of his castle. It was located deep in the country, a massive structure, almost an ode to the gods. The castle was a fortress, high walled and it overlooked the ocean. He usually spent his evenings staring at the setting sun. His dark hair was slightly messy, and his eyes were deep and brown. He was beautiful, like an angel, cold and desolate. His demeanour was fitting of that of aristocracy, a lord and a king within his lands. His lands were small, only forests and it was the way he liked it, no troubles of commoners.
He left the warmth of the fading sun and entered his room. It was massive, and well-furnished. The bed was massive, and soft. He made his way through the castle. He employed a skeleton staff; he treasured his privacy. He loved the solitude of the dark walls and silence they provided. The hallways were lit with torches at regular intervals, and everything screamed wealth. He had built this castle for himself, and as a gift to his wife, the Lady of the Fortress. He passed no one in the castle as he descended polished wooden stairs that gleamed in the torchlight.
He made his way to a blank wall and pulled a torch, it didn't come out, but it moved in its holding. There was a silent hiss as a section of the wall slid apart to reveal a dark doorway. He stepped through and moved like a shadow down the dark hallway until he reached an opening.
The secret tunnel had deposited him to a massive room. It was high and wide, its roof hidden in the shadows. Carved into the walls were dark cells, some held prisoners.
The room wasn't empty, there were racks of devices, such as black rope and heavy leather paddles and whips. There was a chair, but it didn't have a seat and there was a table that held several pillows.
Sitting on the table was the most beautiful woman the Lord had ever seen. She was tall, and she was beautiful with the figure that made his cock get hard in his pants at the sight of her. She had black hair, like ink that fell well past her breast and eyes that were dark and flinty. She wore nothing but a long skirt, her tits hanging free, her nipples hard and erect in the cold air of the room.
There were servants in the shadows, and they emerged silent. They wore blank white masks, and they undressed the Lord. They stripped away his suit, piece by piece, revealing his hard and strong body. It seemed as if he was carved from stone, hard and chiselled.
One of the servants got on their knees and undid his pants. He moaned as it slid off him, revealing a massive cock. It was thick, and veiny with a shiny pink head. It was at least 8 inches with massive veins curling along the sides. His balls were thick and heavy. He stroked himself as he went to his Lady. She welcomed him; and he sank into her. He kissed her, hard and long, his tongue down her throat and a hand across her neck. Her hand gripped his throbbing dick as it pulsed and throbbed in her grip. He moaned softly as she built up a rhythm.
He stopped abruptly and he tore the skirt from her body, it fell to his feet. She was curvy, a figure that screamed to him. He got on his knees and buried his face into her pussy. It was dripping, coating his face in her juices. She gripped his hair, pushing him deeper. His tongue flicked, light and quick across her clit. She moaned, and then clenched her thighs in a vice around his head.
She was going to cum, an explosion of bliss. He reached up, and flicked her nipples with his fingers as he tongue fucked her.
She quivered, as her orgasm hit, and it hit her like a train, gushing onto his face. She screamed as he didn't stop. She didn't notice as he placed his considerable cock at her entrance and plunged deep into her, she screamed as it reached deep into her.
He stopped as he looked at his servants. They were watching, with deep looks of lust and wanting.
"Release the prisoners," he said, "and fuck as you please."
This was met with howls of pleasure as the gates of cells were thrown open and the servants descended on them,
Soon the room was filled with sounds of fucking, moans and screams and often screams of terror as the prisoners were used as sex toys, whether they wanted to or not.
The Lord watched his servants as the screams of lust filled his ears with sounds that he relished.
He smiled at his lady, who watched the carnage around them. She loved it. Unbridled sexual energy.
The Lord plunged deep inside her and out, fast like a piston and she screamed, she raked her nails across his back, leaving bloody trails.
He sucked on her neck, leaving deep red marks. She moaned, as he fucked her without any abandon.
His pace increased, as he reached his climax and he suddenly slammed into her, with force that made her tits bounce. Her pussy gripped his cock as it emptied into her, the thick and white goo that dripped out of her onto the table. She screamed as her orgasm hit her, and she collapsed against him, her body drowning in the wave of bliss.
Her tits were covered in love bites, as well as her neck and her inner thighs.
Suddenly, there was a sound of a bell.
They had guests.
His mind screamed at the plans that ran through it.
Around him, the sounds of sex still filled the air and the scent of sex was a perfume that he craved.
He smiled wickedly at the prospects.