=====
Hello, this is my first story in this category, I hope you find it a bit different from the often-repeated themes found here. There aren't any foot-long black cocks, there are no submissive little white wives, and finally, there are no cuckold husbands.
I find interracial sex quite erotic but want more original content and themes, so I'm contributing this story. I hope you'll enjoy it.
If you have pointless, comments, I'll delete them. Why would you read stories in this category if you only leave negative comments?
1) This is a work of fiction.
2) All characters are at least 18 years of age.
Phone Sex
=====
> Part 1
My name is Sue, I'm a Half-Korean college student that lost my virginity during my senior year in high school. It was my idea, I wasn't ever pressured into sex, my boyfriend at the time must have known that sooner or later, I'd want to finally experience what intercourse was like. He was right. My boyfriend had been with two other women, and so thankfully the only nervous person on that fateful night was yours truly. He was patient, he knew what he was doing, he gave me multiple orgasms, and I knew I made the right choice to give up my virginity to him. The following day, my life seemed the same, but perhaps just a bit more vivid.
We made love as often as we could, and he talked to me about what felt good to him, he showed me where it felt good on his penis, and I was happy to learn, he made me feel so good without ever needing to have me explain, which would have been embarrassing. I swallowed his cum one night, and he called me his 'naughty little slut.' that turned me on so much that I made sure to swallow anytime he came in my mouth after that. We never had unprotected sex, I was just too paranoid, and if my Mother would have found any birth control pills, it would have been the worst disappointment for her. She's very traditional and comes from a very conservative family, the fact that she married my American Father was considered a fiasco by her parents. I had always wanted to feel my boyfriend's uncovered penis inside of me, but my fear of getting pregnant never allowed it.
I'd been accepted on a math scholarship to a college on the East Coast, and my boyfriend had a scholarship to USC, we both accepted the fact that our lives would go on without each other in them. It would have been silly for either of us to promise to 'stay faithful' or really, even to just carry on as a couple when we would spend the next four years separated by the full expanse of the country. So I threw myself into my studies and put guys out of my mind. During the times my body yearned for release, I used my fingers. Finally buying a small bullet vibrator online after overhearing a few other girls giggling about their battery-operated-boyfriends. The vibrator would make me orgasm quickly, but the noise always worried me that my roommate could hear what I was doing. Most of the time, I used my fingers and came quietly.
Karli was better than I had hoped for as far as roommates go, she was friendly and respectful, she focused on her studies as well, and wasn't what I expected of a young Black woman. I know that sounds terrible, but social media, and so much more has so regularly painted a picture of the exact opposite of Karli. We became friends quickly.
We continued on as roommates for sophomore year, and things picked up right where they'd left off with us. It was nice to be back at school, and rooming with someone easy to get along with. As the new school year settled in, Karli began dating a guy named Ezekial, or 'Z'. His family lived in Nigeria, and Z had the absolute darkest skin I've ever seen a person with in my entire life. I liked his accent, and Z was always very friendly and respectful toward me. I sometimes felt like he must have been brought up with old-fashioned American values that the old black-and-white movies often included. Kari and Z never put me in the uncomfortable situation of having to listen to any sexual relations that were having. Karli had hinted that they were intimate, but if they were having sex, it was somewhere else.
The thought of Karli and Z having sex had a direct connection to how often I masturbated. Sure, I was jealous, sex felt great and now it would be so much easier to have sex and not worry about my parents. I could even go on the pill and not worry about my Mother having a heart attack about it. But it had been a year since I'd been with my ex-boyfriend, and it just seemed like everyone on campus was so much more experienced than me. Ultimately, I decided that I needed to concentrate on my studies and that I'd have the rest of my life for guys after graduating.
One night, Karli came home late, and I heard her making some noise. I listened carefully, not expecting Z to be with her, but curious about the noise she was making. I decided to check and make sure things were okay, or at least what the noise was. When I opened my door, I found Karli on her knees collecting several schoolbooks that she'd dropped.
'Hey Karli, everything okay?' I asked, looking around.
'Sorry I woke you, I'm just clumsy tonight.' she said, looking up at me.
'I didn't know if you had company, I would have come out sooner to help.' I mentioned and noticed her door was shut.
'Nope, just little old me.' she giggled, and got to her feet, setting her books down.
'Okay, well, see you in the morning then.' I smiled and turned to close my door.
'Sue, can I ask you something? I don't want to put you on the spot or anything.' she said and looked confused.
'Of course, what's up?' I asked watching her.
'Would it freak you out if I brought Z back here sometimes?' she asked.
'You've brought him by before, no I don't, wait, do you mean like...' I stopped talking.
'Yeah, I mean like.' she grinned.
'Well, this is where you live too, so I can't tell you who you can bring around, or when you can bring them around.' I said and tried to keep the mood light. The truth is, I would have preferred that they have sex somewhere more private, but what I said was true, I couldn't tell her she couldn't have someone over.
'We'd be quiet, I promise. It's just tough to always find some other place if you know what I mean.' she screwed her face up saying that.
'It's not a problem, really.' I said.
We said our goodnights and closed our doors. Five minutes later I was masturbating, imagining my roommate getting ravished within easy earshot. I pictured Z's dark body thrusting on top of Karli and recalled how I'd felt when my ex-boyfriend had thrust into me. My legs spread without realizing and I sank a finger between my pussy lips and worked it in and out. My other hand worked against my clit, then I slipped a second finger into my pussy and I fucked myself like that until an orgasm swept through my body. It was the first time I fucked myself like that and over the following weeks, I'd find myself repeating this process many times.
True to her word, Karli and Z were quiet, but the noise of her bed could easily be heard when they'd have sex. I realized right away that Karli was having sex for considerably longer than what I had experienced during my time with m ex-boyfriend. I wondered about that, and the truth was that I couldn't recall any time when I didn't orgasm during intercourse with him. It seemed like once he knew that I'd gotten off, he'd continue on for a bit longer and orgasm into a condom. I certainly had no complaints, but masturbating while two people were having sex just 2 closed doors away became less and less fulfilling, and I decided I needed to bite the bullet and find a guy of my own.
It's crazy to suggest that a nice-looking Asian girl couldn't find a guy on a college campus but that seemed to be the reality. I wasn't going to just walk up to the first cute guy I saw and ask him to fuck me, but it just felt like none of the cute guys were interested. This led to me worrying that I was somehow failing to be an attractive young woman. I looked for excuses but the more I looked, the more frustrated I became.
Kari and Z seemed to be getting along quite well, and it was all much less cringey than I imagined it would be. The more time they spent together behind Kari's closed bedroom door, the more I imagined the two naked, having sex. It became the primary mental stimulation while I worked my two fingers inside of my pussy. The masturbation sessions started with imagining watching the two, and had progressed to joining in, but somehow, my joining in only ever extended to assisting them in their play. It might entail helping Kari undress, handing Z a condom package, or as far as sliding the condom onto his penis. Kari, or Z never touched me in those fantasies, and I never engaged in sex with either of them. I was enough to just imagine being in Kari's room, and watching as they had intercourse.
As time passed, it was no longer a big deal that they were having sex with me so near, and my masturbation almost always revolved around them, or us.
'Sue, we're good friends, aren't we?' Kari asked one night as we studied at the library.
'Sure, of course. Why?' I asked.
'It's just that, you've been really good about Z spending so much time at our place, you'd tell me if it made you uncomfortable, wouldn't you?' she smiled with her lips tight against her teeth.
'It was weird at first, but it's no big deal now.' I answered.
'I'm embarrassed to ask, and I wouldn't but we've tried on our own, but it never turns out what we're expecting, and so here I am, asking you about something else that you shouldn't feel obligated to agree to, I mean that. I wish you'd ask me for something so that I could feel like this was something both of us did to help each other out.' she said, and seemed uncomfortable.
This bothered me because her asking if it was okay to have her boyfriend over for sex seemed a lot less of a challenge for her.
'Okay well, I can't answer if you don't ask.' I said with some hesitation.
'We want to record us together, and we've tried, but it always looks terrible. We know that the only way it'd ever look right, is if someone recorded us.' she cringed, having said all of that.
'Recorded you... having sex?' I asked.
Kari nodded with a pained expression.
'Okay.' I said.
'What? Really?!' she cried out.
'Yeah, I guess, just record is all right?' I asked though I would have happily handed Z a condom, or even pulled a condom onto his penis.
'Yeah, just record, wow, I can't believe this!' she said louder than she wanted to.
'We've seen each other nearly nude plenty of times, I guess it's not much worse than that right?' I asked, and left out that little bit of information about having masturbated dozens of times imagining myself watching the two fuck. Now, I'd actually be able to see it.
'Well, I've been listening to your bed squeaking for months now, I guess I'm curious.' I grinned.
'You can't tell anyone Sue..' she cautioned.
'Who would I tell, you?' I laughed.
> Part 2
That Saturday night, the three of us talked about what would happen, what they wanted to have recorded, some angles they were interested in, and other details. Z asked if I was sure about recording and that if I had changed my mind there wouldn't be any hard feelings.
I let them both know that I was fine doing what they wanted, and we all took a few minutes to relax and maybe chase some of the nervousness away. Shortly after, Kari undressed and sat on her bed. Then both she and I watched as Z undressed. As I'd imagined, his body was impossibly dark, aside from the bottom of his feet and the palms of his hands he was very nearly actually black. I stole a glance between his legs and found he was shaved there (as was Kari) and that his penis wasn't the stuff of urban legend, and that it seemed quite similar in size to my ex-boyfriend's as well as I could recall.
They began to kiss, and I circled around the room, zooming in, and zooming out, recording as they touched each other. Soon Z was kneeling over Kari and sucking on her nipples. I could feel the heat between my legs rising and imagined my ex-boyfriend sucking on my own, smaller breasts. In a few minutes, Z had located his face between Kari's spread-opened legs and began licking her dark pussy lips. Kar is considerably lighter in complexion than Z, but both her nipples and pussy lips are much darker than the rest of her.
Kari made soft moaning noises, almost whispering, and I imagined that this was why I'd never heard the two of them ever making any noises themselves while having sex. Z's tongue worked feverishly against Kari's clitoris, and soon she'd pulled his shaved head against her and she bucked against him in orgasm.
I'd just watched another woman have an orgasm, not two feet away from me. So far, recording the couple had easily met my expectations.
The two spent a few moments resting and then Kari rolled Z onto his back and began slowly stroking his penis. She sealed her lips around the dark crown, and his penis quickly grew to its full hardness. This surprised me in that Z's penis was now bigger than I would have guessed it might grow to. Longer and thicker, but still not the impossibly huge dimensions that are often rumored. Kari moved her full lips up and down the shaft, eventually working Z's entire penis into her mouth. As had happened before with Kari, Z moaned very quietly. This went on for a short while longer, and then Kari threw a leg over Z's waist, positioned herself against Z's penis, and sank down. I caught it all on the phone as it recorded. They slowly had sex, with the urgency beginning to build, as they thrust against each other, Kari kissed Z and their muted noises could only just be heard until a few minutes later it became obvious that Z was quickly approaching orgasm, and they wildly thrashed against each other. I looked away from the image of the scene on the phone and noticed Z focused on me. They kissed once again, and Z looked up at me as he grunted, and thrust himself upward, obviously ejaculating into Kari.
She rose up off of his penis, and Z's semen dripped out of her vagina, and settled in a pool just below his navel. She knelt beside him, lowered her mouth to the semen, and slurped it up. Then turned to face me, opened her mouth, and swallowed what she'd collected on her tongue.
Z had been watching me the entire time.
They thanked me, and I excused myself. It was incredibly erotic to watch the lovers and record them, but also it had caught me very much off guard with Z having been looking at me while he had sex with Kari.
Lay in bed for an hour playing it all back in my mind, and found my hands working on my vagina as I'd grown accustomed to, it was the first time I imagined Z inside of me, it was the first time I imagined cleaning up his semen that way Kari had. When my orgasm came, I nearly screamed out in pleasure. Afterward, I lay there in the darkness and tried to make sense of it all. It was just a fantasy, and I'd never actually attempt to seduce Z.
The next day, Kari and I discussed what had happened, she told me they'd watched the recording, and it had excited them so much that they had sex again. She asked if I would be interested in filming once more as they had a few other things they'd like to try, and I agreed.
The next time I filmed, I was more aware and realized Z was watching me, for most of the time he was having sex with Kari. The recording captured everything they wanted, and when Kari thanked me, I asked her why they shaved their pubic areas, she said that Z told her it would look sexier and that she said it made her feel naughty, but then the recording showed much better detail when their bodies were clean of pubic hair. I'd explained that I'd never shaved down there, but would definitely give that some thought if I found a guy on campus that might possibly develop into the kind of physical relationship Kari had with Z.
'Have you seen him watching you when you've recorded us?' Kari asked.
'I suppose.' I shrugged.
'How does that make you feel?' she asked.
'Not great, he should be focused on you.' I said.
'He does Sue, but I think it's kind of hot, the way he's got the hots for you.' she said.
'WHAT??!!!' I cried out.
'Come on, don't tell me you haven't seen. He wants you girl!' she laughed.
'I haven't, I just noticed him watching me, when you guys were, you know..' I let the rest hang in the air.
'Fucking?' she asked.
I nodded.
'Do you think he's hot?' she watched me closely as she asked this question.
'It's not a good look if I think your guy is hot or not.' I said shaking my head.
'It's okay, it's just a question.' she reasoned.
'There's no good answer to that question Kari.' i said.
'Okay, well if it was okay with me, would you fuck him?' she asked.
I didn't say anything, it was a combination of being embarrassed by the question, and afraid to admit that there was a certain taboo to it all. My Mother would certainly be very upset if I began dating a Black man, she'd be mortified if she knew I had slept with a Black man, and yet somehow, after seeing him watch me as he gave Kari such pleasure.. I'd be lying if I didn't admit that I was curious about what it would be like. I hadn't had sex in more than a year and a half, my body yearned to be touched, to be held, to be made love to. Z was taboo, but it wouldn't have mattered if he were Black, White, Asian, or whatever, I know I would have felt the same way. I just wanted to feel someone inside of my body again.
'Okay, well tomorrow, we're getting you on the pill, just in case, because Z won't use condoms, and even if you decide not to fuck him, I'm getting you laid Sue.. It's the least I can do after how you've helped me out.' she said with a smile.
> Part 3
A week had gone by, and I'd recorded Kari and Z twice more. They were more at ease, as was I. They had gotten a bit more vocal, and Z had started talking a bit dirty to Kari nothing terrible, but things like 'You like how that dick feels inside you Baby?' and Kari had similarly kicked up the naughty talk 'Oh, keep eating my pussy like that Z, you make it feel so good!' The recordings were looking better each time, and I had struggled with the thought of asking Kari if I could have a copy so that I'd have some visual stimulation while masturbating, which was happening on a nightly basis now.
'Z told me he bets your pussy tasks like honey.' Kari giggled.
'If all vaginas taste like honey, then mine probably does too.' I commented.
'They don't, and if you're sitting there and telling me you never tasked your own juices, then I'm gonna call bullshit on that.' Kari laughed now.
'I've never tasked my juices.' I admitted honestly.
'Why not?' she asked.
'I don't know, I know penis tastes salty, and semen doesn't taste good.' I shrugged.
'Z's cum tastes like honey. Wanna find out?' She had a big grin on her face as she challenged me.
'You're so full of it.' I said shaking my head.
'It's true, I promise.' she said, raising her hands up animatedly.
'Why do you want me to mess around with your boyfriend so much?' I couldn't understand her persistence.
'Why can't you just admit that you want to?' she asked and her logic was fair.
'I masturbate thinking about the two of you messing around, especially since after recording.' I admitted.
'I'm telling Z to come over tonight, and I'm telling him that you want him to fuck you. See? You don't have to admit to it, just play along, and it'll happen. I don't mind sharing Sue, Z can be ours, okay?' her voice was friendly sounding, but it hotwired my vagina, I wanted to argue, I wanted the words to come out, but instead, I watched her as she dialed her phone and then just said 'Hey Baby, Sue wanted you to come over tonight and fuck her... okay.. see you then.' and she hung up.
My panties were a sopping mess, and she was right, it was easier like this. I didn't have to admit to anything, I didn't have to sound like a slut, I didn't have to agree to anything that would have gotten me disowned at home.
It felt like the wheels were in motion, and even if I wanted things to stop, I couldn't have.
'Well, I've got a bit of studying for class tomorrow, Z will be here around 9 tonight babygirl, oh and remember, it looks better recorded when you shave, so you should take care of that.' her words almost didn't make sense, none of that could have made sense. She couldn't just leave me to my own devices till 9 tonight, and I'd never agreed to be recorded, and and and..
It was just after 8:00 pm and I sat on my bed, letting my fingers dance across my hairless pussy, wondering why I'd never experimented with shaving down there before. I'd resigned myself to the very real eventuality that my roommate's boyfriend would arrive within the hour, and make love to me. We'd be 'sharing him' according to Kari.
None of it made sense, but I felt like I was on auto-pilot. It felt like I'd committed myself to whatever would happen tonight. I'd use this experience to jump-start my social life on campus and find my own guy. I smiled and decided I'd keep myself shaved moving forward, it felt nice, sexy, and naughty.
Voices in the other room nearly scared me out of my skin, how had the time passed so quickly? I felt the sour taste of my nervousness right up my throat and then Kari was at my door.
'Sue, your guy's here.' she said, with a lusty voice.
'My guy.' her words repeated in my head, Z was here to fuck me.
'Hi Mom, this is my Nigerian boyfriend, we're having a lot of sex, and my roommate films us, but don't worry, we don't share the video, or upload it anywhere. We're thinking of getting married after graduation, and starting a big family.' just the thought of any of that would have caused my Mother to faint dead away.
I hadn't even put any clothes on after getting out of the shower.
Then Z was in the door, and taking in the sight of me, with a wide grin. I wanted to run away, but I wanted to stay right where I was even more.
'Very sexy..' he said, and walked over, pulling me up to my feet, holding my hand in his, over my head, and spinning me around.
'I'm going to make you feel wonderful, I promise, just trust me.' he said, and then his thick lips were on my mouth, and his tongue separated my lips and explored against my tongue. His hands had somehow found themselves on my breasts, and he nudged my legs slightly apart with his knee.
I gasped into his mouth, and he broke the kiss long enough to look into my eyes and smile 'Tonight is for us Sue.' and he kissed me again.
I found myself lying in bed with his tongue inside of my vagina, his body lying alongside mine, in opposite directions. His hand found mine, and he guided it to his penis and slowly assisted in stroking along his growing length.
I wondered at the heat that I felt in my hand as he thickened, the silky feel, yet so hard mesmerized me
I couldn't concentrate to continue stroking him as my first orgasm approached, I simply lay still and felt his tongue dancing little patterns against my clitoris, my breathing quickened and then the warm wave rolled through my body. The idea to share Z suddenly seemed not so crazy after all.
'Sue, would you suck my cock?' his voice was quiet, but if it would have had a taste, it certainly would have been honey. Now I imagined his semen would taste sweet as well.
I didn't say anything, but sat up, and crawled between his legs. His coal-black penis had softened, and I began stroking it softly until his voice asked again 'Sue, suck my cock please.'
My lips closed just past the mushroom-shaped head, and I swirled my tongue the way my ex-boyfriend had enjoyed. Soon there was more penis than I could fit in my mouth, seemingly by a considerable amount. I licked along the shaft and left kisses where my tongue had been. Soon his penis glistened, and I imagined my vagina must have been just as wet.
I recalled Kari had been able to take all of Z's penis into her mouth, and now I attempted the same, but it had been so long since I'd performed this act, and in truth, I didn't know if I'd ever manage to get this much entirely in my mouth. I kept at it, and soon felt Z moving his hips to meet my mouth, it gave me a powerful feeling. Kari and Z had been having sex for months, and yet there I was, the inexperienced little Asian woman who hadn't had sex in so long, but still causing him to react.
If I could have smiled with his penis in my mouth I would have. But instead, movement caught my attention, and I watched wide-eyed as Kari held her phone and slowly moved around the bed, clearly recording Z's penis in my mouth.
A bolt of fear shot through me, a worry that the video would end up on some tube sites, and somehow the video would be seen by my Mother, but almost as quickly, I knew that Kari would never betray me like that, and so with renewed energy, I worked to fit more of Z 'cock' into my mouth. It was in vain, however, and I soon felt him reach down and pull me away.
'Your mouth is perfect Sue, you look so sexy sucking my cock, but I have to know what your pussy feels like now.' he motioned for me to climb on top of him. As I straddled him, I watched as Kari held the phone in front of her, recording the moment that her boyfriend's cock began working into my pussy.
'How does it feel Sue?' Kari asked.
'It's nice, it's really warm, hot.' I smiled dreamily as more of Z's cock invaded my pussy. This was a bigger cock, but it fit inside without incredible difficulty, and when I came to a rest with his balls pressed up against my pussy lips, I felt incredible, full, but not in pain. The taboo of having sex with a Black man began to play more of a role in things now. I had no fear of being ruined or abused, this simply felt wonderful. I looked down at the dark form of Z and raised myself up, before lowering myself once again, and then leaned forward, and supported myself with my hands against his shoulders. My hips began a rolling motion as I fucked myself on his cock, and smiled into the phone as Kari held it in front of me.
I needed more of this in my life. I hoped Kari would be okay with sharing our boyfriend as she'd said.
'Do you want to see what his cock looks like fucking you, Baby?' Kari asked softly.
I nodded at her, and she moved behind me, and I heard her say 'your so wet, you're creaming all over his cock Sue.'
I kept fucking myself above Z, and Kari walked in front of me again and held the phone screen for me to see, the video showed his coal black cock sinking easily and entirely inside of my pussy, and then my hips would roll and his cock would emerge and disappear back inside once again.
I looked from the phone screen to my roommate and nodded, biting my lip I picked up the pace, and thought of how wrong this probably was. Tonight I wouldn't use my fingers to orgasm, tonight I wouldnt rub my clit, tonight I was getting fucked, for the first time in far too long, and hopefully not the last time.
Kari kept the phone aimed at me, her voice was soft 'Do you want Z to cum in that slutty Asian pussy of your Sue?'
I nodded.
'Not good enough baby girl.. Tell him..' she said '
'Z, I want you to cum in me.' I gasped, I'd never talked like this with my ex-boyfriend, nothing this graphic.
'Sue, tell Z where you want him to cum..' Kari's voice urged.
'Z, I want you to cum in my slutty little Asian pussy.' I said it, owned it, and desperately wanted it.
'Beautiful Sue, that's so beautiful!' Z encouraged me from below. He rolled me off of his cock, put me on my back, then positioned himself between my legs. He held his cock for a moment at the entrance of my pussy and said 'I want you under me when I cum. Then leaned forward and my pussy swallowed his dark cock once again.
He reached under each of my thighs, and nearly folded me in half, turning my pussy up to allow him deeper penetration. In this position, he began fucking me with renewed purpose and I felt him entering more deeply now. I wanted to watch this video when we were done, it felt like this position must have looked the most pornographic.
As Z thrust down into me, I began to make louder noises, certainly louder than anything I'd heard Z and Kari make, but at that moment, I didn't care, in fact, I almost wanted everyone within a hundred miles to know I was getting the best sex of my life. This next orgasm rose up faster than the first and for a moment there was only white, a moment, or moments later I was back in my room with a glistening black man thrusting into me, I sucked in a breath and then he growled and buried his face next to mine and warmth spread deep inside of my body. He lurched there several times and then was still.
I looked up and watched as Kari smiled down at me, I returned her smile.
'You definitely want a copy of this Sue..' she said.
I nodded and strangely felt a bit embarrassed.
Z climbed from between my legs, and I felt a sudden regret that he'd came inside of me, while I was under him. I had the desire to scoop up a pool of his semen and eat it as Kari had. Being quick thinking, I slipped two fingers (easily) into my pussy, withdrew a glob of his milky-white semen, and brought it slowly to my mouth.
Kari, being ever diligent caught it all on her phone.
> Part 4
Z fucked me once more after that, the sex was better the second time around, naughtier, and more vocal. But having sex again was exactly what I needed, and with my newfound confidence soon found a guy of my own. No, I didn't share him with Kari, she had Z, but to be fair she never showed any interest in fucking my guy. Did I ever think about fucking Z again, of course, there was just something taboo about having sex with him, and while he wasn't hung like a horse, he had a great dick that brought out the 'little Asian slut' in me, and I'll always remember our brief time together.