Being pissed off and horny was a bad combination.
Daniel had tried logic. It wasn't like he was going to be a fucking chemist anyway, so what did a D on the chemistry test really mean? It hadn't mattered, his dad had still taken the car keys away, to be returned, "when he got his shit together."
As he walked home, Daniel reasoned that since he'd turned eighteen almost two months ago, technically he was an adult and could do any goddamn thing he pleased.
What good was it to be an adult when your parents still treated you like a kid, Daniel wondered as he walked home in the rain. It wasn't a BMW or anything gorgeous but hey, a ten year old Toyota Camry had gotten him laid twice now which was two times more than walking home from school had ever gotten him.
If only his fucking dad wasn't such a hard ass, he thought to himself and hitched up his backpack closer to his body. By the time he got home, his Chucks were soaked through and his socks were stuck to his feet. He peeled them both off and the hoodie as well. He dropped everything to the floor in the middle of the living room. At the moment, he didn't even care even if his mom threw a shit fit if she found it there. Part of him wanted to say fuck it.
He felt like testing the long-standing boundaries. Before a full mutiny could begin though, Daniel needed food. He hadn't taken the five dollars that his mother had given him for lunch this morning. Pizza rolls sounded good and they'd be done in twenty minutes. Daniel popped them in the oven and sat in the bar stool as he waited. He swiveled back and forth as he texted Charlotte, the girl that he had fucked in the back seat of the Camry.
Daniel had liked Charlotte ever since freshman year but she was a blonde cheerleader, with waist length braids and an ass made for yoga pants. She could barely remember his name, until the Camry anyway.
He'd like to call her his girlfriend but she hadn't made plans to see him since she knew that the car was on hiatus.
Fuck, he thought and pushed the phone across the kitchen counter. Now his dad was officially cock blocking him. Considering that his father always rumbled about not getting laid, he should understand how important it was to his son.
With pizza rolls in hand, he headed to his room and slammed the door. Sure he had homework but he wasn't going to actually start it right now. He needed to play some Minecraft and get school and his douchebag father off his mind for a while.
Charlotte finally texted him, "Want to come over? My parents are MIA until 10."
Did that mean they could fuck in her bed?
He closed his eyes and let the thought of her settle in. Charlotte, the blonde cheerleader of his dreams, she was a walking wet dream. If Daniel was honest with her, he would admit that he had actual wet dreams about her. Charlotte had made him wait for six months to see where this was going before she let him take her panties down. It had been six months of humping her leg and coming in his jeans.
It had all culminated in the backseat and Daniel still thought it was well worth it. Actually the car was amazing. They had steamed up all of the windows and Charlotte had said it reminded her of Titanic. It seemed like they were wrapped up in a cocoon far away, where just the occasional headlight glow reminded them that they were actually at the park. The car had been convenient and Charlotte had been wet and tight and she'd smelled so good.
But fucking in a bed, where he wasn't always worried about a cop shining a flashlight inside? In her bed, in teenage girl heaven, where they could really stretch out? He could take all of her clothes off and all of his too. He was completely hard just thinking of it.
"I could be there in about an hour," he texted back.
That meant Daniel would have to take two buses. He hadn't done that in forever and he'd have to check his phone for the schedule, and he didn't know where his bus pass was. It didn't matter because completely naked sex in Charlotte's bed with all of her dolls watching them was worth standing in the rain for.
"Too bad you don't have the car," she replied and added a sad face.
"Maybe I can get it back," Daniel texted back quickly. He let his finger hesitate over send as he tried out his new theory. He was an adult, what were they going to do?
Really, what was stopping him? His father wouldn't come home until at least 6:30 or 7. Daniel could take the car, go see Charlotte and probably have sex twice. He calculated it based on the fact that so far, Daniel didn't think that he lasted more than five minutes. They could make out a little bit and he would get home to park the Camry before his dad, the douchebag, ever noticed.
Fuck it, he thought to himself and pressed the green button. He was almost painfully hard and it had already been almost ten days. He couldn't really ride the bus with a boner anyway. All he had to do was find the keys.
Daniel went to the living room first. He thought if he knew his father at all, the man probably picked the easiest hiding spot in the world. It wasn't exactly like his old man dug a ditch once he got home. He had probably stuck the keys in the table next to his recliner. They were most likely tucked away with the remote and his extra bottle opener and the toenail clippers that used while he watched television.
After Daniel pulled the drawer completely out and found that there were no Camry keys, he made a face. Then he reached deep into the pocket of his recliner where his dad usually kept his emergency cigarettes and a lighter. He hid those since he'd promised Daniel's mother that he had quit smoking for good this time. Yeah, he bet the keys were down there, hidden away like all of the other things he lied about.
Nope, no keys.
Just for good measure, Daniel checked the coffee table and the desk that was in the far corner. He'd never been so thorough when he had searched for anything before. In spite of his efforts, Daniel had still come up empty handed. He picked up his wet shoes and socks, though, just in case. It didn't really do to have his mother pissed at him and his dad.
Usually he could get his mom to side with him. She'd touch his father on the arm and use that voice and problem solved. It was the voice that she used when she wanted to get her way but she didn't want to fight. It was a husky voice and Daniel hated to say it, it was actually a pretty fucking sexy voice. She would cock her head and purse her lips and wait until his father had given her his full attention. "Honey," she'd say in that voice that Daniel bet used to give his dad wood, "don't you think you could let it slide, Tom?"
Almost one hundred percent of the time, the voice worked in Daniel's favor. When his father wasn't around, he always made sure to thank her.
This last time though, mom's sexy voice hadn't done a damn thing. His father had hollered at her and she had shut down right away. His mom had shrugged her shoulders and had made a face at Daniel over the dinner table. That face meant, "you're on your own buddy."
He had started to feel desperate and his boner was almost gone as the anxiety set in. Daniel checked the junk drawer in the kitchen, the one where they kept all the batteries. No keys.
He checked the board in the garage where his dad hung all the spare keys with labels. No such luck. His phone vibrated and Charlotte wanted to know, "You on the way? Can you pick me up a Coke?"
No, he couldn't pick up anybody anything until he got the goddamn keys. He lied though when he texted back, "Sure."
The only place that was left was his parent's bedroom and Daniel felt uneasy as he opened the bedroom door. It was off limits, it always had been. Even his mom had been stern about that. She'd always said, "If you want me to respect your privacy, you need to respect ours." It was probably only because the two of them wanted to walk around naked and the thought of that made him curl his upper lip in disgust.
Naked parents, jeez, that and the guilty conscience he had for walking inside the bedroom. He had crossed a line and his dick softened as if it too, were frightened.
Once he was inside the inner sanctum, he looked at their bed. No big deal, he thought with a shrug. It wasn't like there was a blowup doll in here or anything, Daniel laughed to himself. He headed straight for his father's nightstand and opened the top drawer. There was some gum, a pair of reading glasses, expired condoms, cream for arthritis and a picture. Daniel pulled out the picture. At this point he might as well look because he was so fucking busted if he got caught right now.
It was his mom. The only reason he knew that it was her was because Daniel checked the back. Sure enough, it said "Kristen, 1997". Wow, she was a completely different person back then and he smiled at the Kristen he'd never known.
She had the same hair, kind of. His mom had always had long, almost black hair but now it was permanently tucked away in a sloppy ponytail. The Kristen in the photo had her hair long and free. She had tucked behind a bit behind one ear while the rest of it swung over her other shoulder. Kristen wore a light blue sundress. It was form fitting and had a halter top. The dress showed the top of her cleavage and the shadow caressed the underneath side of her large bosom. The sunlight played down her slender arm and her curvy calves. Kristen seemed to look right at the camera, which had to be his dad. Her dark blue eyes said, "Come and get me."
Mom had been way too hot for his dad, that was for sure.
There were still no fucking keys and Daniel was almost out of hiding spots. The only thing left that he could think of was the closet. Maybe his father had just put the Camry keys in his work pants pocket that night. They were probably still in there. Here Daniel had gone without sex for an excruciating ten days and the keys were likely forgotten about entirely by the douchebag.
He'd never been in the walk-in closet, not even back when they first moved to the house. Daniel tried to shake it off, the apprehension that crept up his neck. He told himself that it was no big deal but his palm was damp with nervous sweat as he opened the door. Daniel closed it most of the way and reached for the chain to turn on the overhead light.
That's when he heard it.
Fuck, his mother was home already. Shit, she was going to go mental when she found him in here. Then they would gang up on him and with both parents on the same team, Daniel bet he could kiss the Camry goodbye until at least warm weather.
What if he lied? What if he said he heard something in here? He could tell her that he saw a mouse, that would work.
Mom hated mice. That could bite him in the ass too though because she would take it altogether too seriously. She would scream and stand on the bed and Daniel would be stuck here the rest of the night as he looked for the bullshit mouse that he'd made up.
There just wasn't enough time to do anything but freeze and hope for the best.
She opened the bedroom door with a long, exhausted sigh. His mother made her way to the bed and sat on the edge of it and exhaled. Daniel hunkered down in the closet and hoped that she didn't come in to look for something because it just might give her a heart attack.
Daniel looked her up and down and thought there was hardly a trace of the sexy Kristen from the picture. His mother sighed again and slipped off her shoes one at a time. She wore the ugliest shoes to work. They were black loafers with thick soles and a chunky, old lady heel. She said that they were comfortable and she was on her feet most of the day. She finally took them off and Daniel could see the red line from the shoes, the mark of having had her toes squeezed all day. "Yes, god, that's good," she said with an easy stretch of her arms overhead. Her neck cracked and she moaned a little. It almost sounded like she was having sex and Daniel held back the laugh.
She probably would rather crack her neck than fuck his dad.
He watched as his mother reached behind her and tugged down the rubber bands that kept her long, black hair slicked back. Her fingers were quick about it and in less than a minute, that tumble of hair that Daniel had seen in the picture swung free. She ran her fingers through her hair and sighed contentedly. "That's so much better," she said and smiled to herself.
His mother rolled to her side and turned on the light on her nightstand. Now Daniel could see much better. He hoped that she'd leave it on so that once she went downstairs to the kitchen, he'd be able to check his dad's pants pockets and get the hell out of here.
Shit, how was he going to sneak out though, now that she was here? Cock blocked by mom now, life really wasn't fair.
The chances of getting laid tonight was getting less and less, Daniel thought. Although the likelihood didn't matter enough to make his cock lay back down. He was stiff and uncomfortable in the jeans and if he let himself think about Charlotte, he'd be at full mast. He'd like to watch her take off the white, lacy bra that he had caught a glimpse of in the back seat. Daniel had been too focused on conquering her pink panties to unhook the bra. That was it, that was all that was necessary. The thought of Charlotte with no bra was enough. Charlotte and her small, upturned breasts and cherry colored nipples.
Fuck, he had to find those keys.
His mother didn't seem to be in a hurry. With her shoes off and her hair down, she slowly unbuttoned the vest that was part of her work uniform. It was dark green and it matched the knee-length skirt she wore of the same color. It was such a dowdy uniform, absolutely nothing sexy about it. It was perfect for all of the other old ladies that his mom worked with. The vest came off and she folded it in half and placed it neatly on top of the dresser. If Daniel knew his mother at all, she was saving it so that she wouldn't need to iron it for tomorrow.
She stood up and reached behind her and suddenly Daniel held his breath. She was going to take the skirt off.
Oh no, no, he couldn't see this.
He couldn't remember the last time he'd seen his mother completely covered. They weren't really a naked family. This wasn't how he wanted to think of her but he didn't close his eyes either. His mother unzipped the skirt and it fell to the floor in a pile at her feet. She kicked it to the side with her foot. Jesus, she wore stockings and a garter belt under that skirt and Daniel's body had a definite reaction to that. He was powerless over his eyes, which studied her.
He was a pervert, he thought, as his eyes moved up and down her legs in the stockings. Then there was the little band at the top of her thigh, that little bit of pale, fleshiness that hung out of the stocking at the top. Then there was the beige, shiny band on the front of her legs. It was clipped to the stockings and the shiny fabric came up and hugged her hips and her bottom.
She still wore the short sleeved, white cotton blouse that was part of her dumpy uniform. They gave her three long sleeved blouses for the cooler weather and three short sleeved blouses for warmer weather. Daniel supposed that even though today had been rainy and gray, it was really considered spring. She unbuttoned from top to bottom and the shirt swung open. She scratched her head, as if she were lost in thought. His mother wore a colossal, white bra that gleamed in the light. He'd seen her big bras in the laundry here and there but he'd never seen her wearing one. It was so different from Charlotte's tiny, little triangles of fabric.
This was a womanly bra and his mother had womanly breasts. Daniel covered his mouth with both hands as she pulled the blouse off. His mother's breasts were round and ripe and full. They were much bigger than a handful, these breasts couldn't be cupped. In fact, Daniel thought that her pale flesh would overflow his hand if he ever touched her there.
What was he thinking, that was his mother? It was impossible not to though, all that bosom was staring at him. Her cleavage was a long line that started just below her collar bones and ended somewhere down in the bra. Her décolletage connected two hills that couldn't be entirely contained within the white, shiny fabric. Jesus, he was never going to be able to look at her the same after this. Daniel felt himself flush with shame as his cock shifted and dripped in the front of his jeans. He regretted coming in here.
He hadn't even found his goddamn keys.
His mother pressed her breasts together and made a noise of discomfort, like she ached. She rubbed the place on the top of her shoulders where the straps sunk in all day. She breathed deeply as she reached behind her. Daniel hoped that he hadn't exhaled too loudly. He was sure that he'd let out a little puff of air, almost a gasp, as she unhooked the brassiere. Even with the hooks open, her breasts set in the underwire, resting but now, loose and free. Her huge, milk white globes hung a little lower without the hooks fastened. She pulled the straps down and yes, Daniel could see why she needed to take the bra off. There were red marks on each shoulder, a sore spot where the bra had dug into her body.
Take it off, the pervert inside insisted, take it off.
It was almost as if his mother could hear the pervert voice and she accommodated so sweetly. He stared intently as she rolled the straps down both arms and dropped the bra on the floor. Daniel grabbed his erection through his jeans and tried to wrestle it down. He had to tame it somehow.
This is your mother, you fucking perv, he thought but yes, she was his mother and her breasts were like nothing else he'd ever seen before. He couldn't help it, he was just a man with animal instincts after all.
He'd seen plenty of tits in his lifetime. He'd learned how to bypass the parental controls on the internet when he was eleven and he'd been watching porn ever since. For the most part, the porn girl's breasts were tanned and snug to their chests. Their tits hardly even bounced, it was almost like they had baseballs inside. Everyone said it was the silicone, but whatever, Daniel thought they looked nice when they fucked. They squirmed like jello in a mold.
In the real world, he'd seen three pairs of tits and most recently, Charlotte's. Charlotte's were small and pale, like dollops of whip cream on a piece of pie. Her nipples were tiny but very sensitive. He liked them, at least what he'd seen. Nothing had prepared him for his mom though.
His mother's breasts were gigantic and they swung, now that they weren't strapped down. They swayed freely with every breath she took. His mother's tits were snowy and mapped with blue veins. Her nipples were a color between brown and purple. Her nipples weren't hard at the moment but they were very large and baggy. The centers were the darkest color, they seemed to hypnotize him, and Daniel couldn't help but wonder what it would be like to lick her right there.
Fuck, that was enough to make his and dick jolt in his pants again. Daniel had leaked enough precum to leave a stain in his jeans, it would be unmistakable what had happened if anyone saw. He had to stop watching somehow. He couldn't make his presence known. There was no way to just pop his head out and say, "Hi, Mom. Sorry about this." He had no choice but to sit and try not to masturbate while his mom got undressed.
"That feels so much better," his mother said in a singsong voice and opened her arms out wide, as if she were embracing the world. Her breasts bounced and drooped and then moved back into place once she brought her arms back in. "Now for these damn stockings," she muttered as if she'd hated them all day. His mother stood beside the bed and raised one foot. Daniel had a perfect view of both meaty thighs. He noticed how they jiggled and followed the curve of her leg down to her sturdy calves.
She didn't have skinny legs by any means and he could see the purple lines of veins even through the stockings. He imagined that they were soft as velvet though. Every time his mother had ever hugged him, he marveled at her silky, soft skin. He could almost feel his hands run along the backs of her thighs, all the way up to the elastic at the bottom of her satiny, white panties. He watched as his mother unclipped the garter belt, front and back. Then she carefully rolled the stocking down her leg. Once her flesh was bare, it matched the rest of her skin, which was pale like moonlight. His mother never got a tan and was always harping him and his dad to put on sunblock. They would just laugh at her.
He wasn't laughing now; Daniel couldn't tear his eyes off of her.
His mother repeated the action with the other leg. Bare and free, her thighs bounced as she brought both legs together and Daniel noticed the cellulite dimples right under her cheeks. They looked like little pecks on her creamy, velvet skin. She shook her head and her long hair floated around her body. She smiled and stretched and there was something girlish about her now, unencumbered, almost naked. She could have been Daniel's age now. "This fucking thing," she said as she gripped the back of the garter belt.
Daniel didn't know what was more shocking, to see her in just her panties, or to hear his mother use the "F" word. She peeled the garter belt back and her stomach released out of its bondage.
His mother didn't have abs. She wasn't like the porn girls, she didn't have a line that ran the length of her stomach to show how many sit ups she did. She had a waist that was doughy, and there was a roll of fat in the center of her panties. As he looked at her like this, Daniel had never realized how curvaceous she was. She never wore anything revealing around the house, it was always baggy sweatpants and the work uniform which revealed nothing. Like this, with just the underwear on, he could see that she had an hourglass figure and even though it was looser and bouncier than the naked girls he'd seen, it was the epitome of feminine beauty.
His mother was sexy.
So sexy that Daniel placed his hand flat up against his hardon in his jeans. Fuck, yes, she was sexy and her breasts rose and fell with every breath. Her hair caressed her back like a thousand black fingers. Her thighs flexed and bounced as she opened her legs a little wider. His mother let out a sound of utter relief as she tucked her thumbs in the top of the high waisted, granny panties.
This wasn't a skimpy thong. This was nothing like Charlotte's panties, which he'd just caught a glimpse of as she pushed down her jeans in the back of the Camry. Daniel would have liked to spend more time on her panties alone. He'd finally gotten to the cherished panties, the final frontier, the fabric that touched the place that they were all trying to get to.
No, his mother's underwear wasn't supposed to be sexy, it was for function. It went up to her waist and he imagined that if she had worn something like jeans that they would have spilled over the top. He'd seen her panties in the laundry basket once in a while but they were taboo. He had always told himself not to look too long and definitely not to touch. There was something about your own mother's underwear that should be sacred.
She tugged the fabric in the back and pulled it out of her crack and then wiggled her round hips. She turned and her wide, heart shaped bottom faced him. There was the dark line up the back of her underpants, the line that cleaved her in two. Fuck, Daniel bit his knuckles as his eyes studied it. Her bottom was well formed, her cheeks were like two, big bells. They were smaller up top and heavier and fuller at the crease between her ass and her thighs. She never wore tight pants, she always wore the stretched out gray sweatpants, she hid this massive thing of beauty. Daniel now suspected that was because she knew the effect her bottom would have on him and his friends. It was mesmerizing.
His mother's underwear dropped to the floor and she giggled a little when she kicked them away with her dainty, little toes. She was naked and Daniel couldn't help himself. If he weren't trying to hide, he'd make all kinds of grunts and breathe deeply as he took it all in. As it was, he was desperate not to get caught. What would his mother think of his throbbing dick in his jeans as he scrutinized her naked body?
He'd never seen a pussy like hers.
Unlike the porn actresses, Daniel's mother wasn't waxed and shiny clean between her legs. In fact, she was quite hairy. She had a full muff, a thick, furry, black triangle of hair on her mound and it trailed down her lips. It gleamed in the light. The hair looked damp and slick and Daniel had never been so turned on or felt so dirty before. His cock ached to get out but he wouldn't let it. He just held onto it tightly through his jeans and hoped that she'd go to the bathroom and take a shower or something so that he could get away.
He didn't know how much more he could take.
His mother let her fingers play along her hairy bush. She petted herself full on and hummed. He gulped hard as she opened her thick thighs just enough to shove her fingers in between them. She slid her palm up her dark hair and with the motion came a waft, a trail of scent. It was an erotic aroma that Daniel had never smelled before but he knew was her pussy.
His mother was horny and wet. There was something about her earthy, powerful aroma that was almost impossible to resist. Daniel's dick thrust in his pants and trembled there and thrust again as if it begged to fuck her. Jesus, what was wrong with him? It was his mother after all. She was the last woman on earth that he should be this hard for and yet, there seemed to be no way to talk his dick out of it.
She lay down on the bed lazily, spread eagle, with her legs parted and her arms at her sides. From this angle, her meaty lips were in view. Daniel grabbed his cock in the jeans and tried to wrestle it out in time. The heat was there; it was immediate, it was necessary. The charge of pleasure from his testicles, his overflowing balls were so drawn up and so full made it impossible to stop. He hadn't even grabbed his dick, Daniel just held on tight as he watched the shiny wetness on his mother's full, open almost red pussy lips.
He came in his pants.
He wanted to scream. He wanted to groan with equal parts goodness and shame. Daniel tried desperately to hold his breath and not make a sound. The orgasm tore through his body and his dick begged to be freed. In the confines of boxers and jeans, it was too much friction but nothing mattered except the sight of her. On the bed, with her legs open, like she begged for it. Like she wanted her son to get on his knees and worship. He was still hard as the orgasm continued and he immediately pictured himself doing just that. Daniel could picture himself as he knelt at her feet. His sweaty hands were on top of her beefy thighs as he placed the softest kiss right there, where her two lips met.
"Oh, god," she murmured softly to herself as she moved her hands to clasp both breasts. The melons were far too much for her own hands to cover and they quivered between her fingers. His mother made a little purr as she found her own nipples and pinched them both. Daniel's eyes were peeled as he watched her rosebuds harden between her finger and thumb. She rolled them back and forth, she pinched her nipples and shook her enormous tits. The sensation rolled down her body and her hips pushed up from the bed.
She needed to be touched everywhere. Daniel still wished that he could sneak out and forget what had happened here today but he also wished that he could be closer to her and watch it all. He'd love to feel her wetness on his face.
Would he? Oh god, Daniel realized that yes, he wanted it desperately. What would it be like to feel your own mother cum? What would she taste like? He imagined her flavor would be tangy and sweet all at the same time. He made a hot, breathy noise and shoved his knuckles in his mouth harder, to keep the sound in. He bit himself to shut up and he was sure he'd have teeth marks later. She didn't seem to notice. She was too lost in her own sensations to hear anything but the little sighs and hums that came from her as she caressed her own breasts, slowly, back and forth.
Her right hand moved down the center of her belly and she jiggled like jelly. She continued down to her furry patch of hair and when she petted and stroked it this time, she let out a little cry. What the fuck? Why was his mother so horny and did that mean that she was always this horny? Here his douchebag dad walked around all the time and mumbled about sex when his big, beautiful wife came home this hungry for a dick?
Daniel was always going to wonder if she was wet, every time he looked at her.
Jesus, he shouldn't be watching this, he thought again, who talks about their mother that way? His right hand didn't know and it didn't care, it just unzipped and unbuttoned his jeans. His underwear was all sticky and clammy with his first orgasm. The smell of spunk and teenage ripeness rose as he pulled his still hard dick out. She parted her swollen pussy lips and Daniel felt almost completely sure that he'd cum again once he caught a glimpse between them.
She was deeply red there. Her inner lips were juicy and bulged out. They invited someone, anyone, to come rub their nose along those delicate fringes and smell her mating musk. His mother had a fat, succulent clit to go along with her thick, moist lips. It was a huge clit really; nothing like the little beads or buttons that Daniel had ever caught a glimpse of on porn. Suffice it to say that he hadn't really even noticed Charlotte's clit yet. Not to say he wasn't interested in it, but so far, with the opportunities that he'd had, he hadn't found it. It wasn't like teenage girls pointed out anything. It was all just mysterious and he was supposed to follow the treasure map.
He stroked his dick from bottom to top and then just squeezed the head a little. He felt filthy for doing this, guilty and ashamed. His heart knocked in his chest and reminded him that at any point, his mother could stop touching herself and get up and come into the closet. He'd have to move out of the house before he got a car again, but how could he stop now? Daniel wanted to push his tongue out and imagine that he was following along with his mouth. He wanted to lick everything she wanted to be licked, everything she showed him.
He wouldn't let himself hold his tongue out while he jacked off. It was too perverse.
His mother made a lusty cry as she plucked her round nub of a clit with two fingers. It really was big enough that she could jack it off, like a tiny dick. She rocked her hips and the mattress squeaked under her weight as she shifted her legs and moved her thighs apart a little more. She needed access and he needed to see everything. Daniel could hear the sound of spit in her hand and he thought, good idea Mom. He silently drooled a puddle into his own palm. He was going to need a little lubrication or he'd have friction burns from this.
His mother's hand made a wet, smacking sound, like two lips, as she took hold of her own clitoris. The other hand was up, back at her nipples. She made a steady path back and forth, her tits jiggled as she touched them and her right hand was busy in her folds. Daniel kept his eyes right there, at her center. He stared intently as his mother held her clitoris between her index and middle finger. She moved up and down on her clit, just like he did with his cock.
Fuck, he could imagine showing her what he was doing, what she was inspiring in her own flesh and blood. What if he came out of the closet, dick, fully hard, fully in his hand, and just stroked and stared and watched her clitoris pulse in her hand. What would she do?
His mother's moans had a rhythm to them now as she continued her up and down tempo. The squeak of the bed followed her bottom that pushed up and down. His hand slowed down to match her speed as he contemplated, what would she do?
Would she slap his face for being a dirty, dirty boy? Would her hand smell like her cunt?
Would she just be so ashamed that she could never look him in the eye again? No hugs for Daniel for the rest of his life because she could never rid herself of the memory.
Or would she just finish touching herself and let him watch? That thought made the nerves jerk down both legs and he clenched the muscles as he held firmly to his cock. Fuck, it was too soon to cum already. He wanted to make it last, as long as he didn't get caught anyway. He stroked all the way down and back as he watched his mother's fingers in her cunt. Daniel listened to the sloppy, wet noises she made between her lower lips and he ached.
"Oh, god, yes," she whispered to herself as she picked up the tempo. The squeaks of the bed frame came faster now and Daniel couldn't help but wonder who she thought about like this. "Fuck, yes," she murmured it louder as the other hand came down to her splayed lips. She never hesitated, two fingers slid right inside her pussy. She quivered on the bed and used both hands in tandem. She stroked her clit and fucked herself and all the while, the wet noises got louder and louder. His mother's ass shook like jello as she whimpered.
Her thighs trembled so fast and her breath came even quicker. Daniel had no control now. His hand moved of its own volition, up, down, up, down and then all the way up again. He felt his balls drawn up tight and hot. He was even more full of cum now than he had been the first time. The only thing he wished at that moment was that he was allowed to kneel right between her legs. He wanted his face to be just inches from her dripping slit. He stroked himself furiously and thought about watching all of the cream pour out of her. It would drip down and cover her hand while she pounded the fingers in and out. He wanted to smell her rich, animal scent. He wanted to stare right at her clit as it bulged and twanged and she finally came right in front of him.
"Fuck," she cried out loudly. She released a series of little cries, little howls of surrender, little begging noises as her own hands were relentless with her throbbing, red pussy. His mother was in the middle of ecstasy and there was no way to stop his own climax.
They came together.
Fuck, he pushed his hips up and thrust silently into nothing. He felt a long, hot spurt and then another. Then another jet of his creamy cum tore from somewhere deep down inside as he imagined letting his load go down her shaking thigh.
The two of them, coming in unison made Daniel want to scream but he didn't dare even breathe. His climax continued, wave after wave as he listened to his mother's orgasm die down. Her hands were still now and she sighed as if that was a relief to get through. She must have been pent up with all this sexual frustration all day. She had been locked up in the big panties and the garter belt with that huge clit of hers, completely erect. Daniel imagined that it thumped for attention all day and tried desperately to get some friction from the underwear.
Thinking of his mother horny all day at work was oddly satisfying, Daniel thought as he looked for something to wipe his hand and his dick on. He was scared to just reach for anything. He knew with his luck, he'd wipe splooge all over his dad's one good pair of pants, or something like that.
That would be how he'd get caught.
Shit, Daniel grimaced and wiped his hand on the carpet. He'd have to take a shower before he went to Charlotte's house. It wouldn't do him any good to show up sweaty and crusty with two orgasms. Could he really fuck Charlotte after all this? He wondered as his dick finally began to soften. After a few more easy breaths, it tucked and rolled back to his ballsack.
His mother interrupted his train of thought as she let out the most hedonistic sigh. She whispered, "Wow," as if she were contemplating the lover that got her there instead of just making herself explode.
"Now where did I put it?" his mother asked out loud to no one. She sat up suddenly and Daniel wished he could be much closer to see everything. Her breasts rolled apart and then slipped down a bit on her chest as she moved. His mother's nipples were hard now from all of that attention. Daniel thought that they looked like purple flower buds, just about to burst open. Just a little more attention, just a little bit of his tongue and his teeth and she'd melt in his mouth.
Jesus, how had he turned into such a pervert? His dick rolled and he felt the sensation there once more. He couldn't really get hard again, could he? He wasn't hard yet but every nerve was alive as she rose from the bed. Her ass was front and center just for a split second and now it was bare. His mother's ass crack was revealed, no longer hidden in panties. It was right there and Daniel bet that she was all wet there. He thought that her climax had dripped down to her asshole and she was all slippery and creamy between her cheeks.
The head of his dick licked his inner thigh with precum.
Apparently he could fuck Charlotte after coming twice to his mother. His mom moved out of view and he heard her bare feet thud on the carpet as she went to the other side of the bed. He heard a drawer open and wanted to tell her, "There's definitely no Camry keys in there." He grinned but the expression was frozen on his face as he heard her feet pad, back across the room. His mother walked past the bed and stood right in front of the closet.
Fuck, he was going to have a heart attack.
Sweat dripped down his cheek and his stomach lurched. There was no time to even put his dick away if she opened the closet door. She yanked it open and reached for the chain to turn on the overhead light. Daniel tried to shrink back, he tried to make himself smaller. He looked at his feet and saw that his mother's bare toes were almost touching his. He dared not even breathe.
She stood on her tiptoes and reached up and overhead to the right. There on the shelf, she pulled out something purple and chuckled like she'd heard a dirty joke. "Now, why would I put you in there?" she sounded so jovial. She was so relaxed now that she had exploded all over herself. His mother took the item with her and left the light on and the door open almost a foot.
God, now he had a totally unobstructed view. Like this, with the light on, all of her delicious details were easy to make out. It was like watching porn but infinitely more sleazy and hot. Daniel watched and let his eyes move slowly over her fat lips that dripped with her leftover cream. Like this, her scent was much more noticeable. He wanted to take a full breath and really drink her in but he didn't dare.
As it was, the bedroom smelled of sex and the faint traces of the familiar perfume that his mother wore to work every day. Daniel wondered if he'd ever be able to smell her again without getting at least a little hard. When she hugged him, wouldn't the memory of her large, rolling breasts be burned there in the back of his mind?
What if she kissed his forehead and pressed those ripe, luscious tits to his face? Things were never going to be the same after looking at her like this. Daniel knew, and that was why he shouldn't have done this.
It couldn't be helped and he couldn't stop now if he wanted to. He was trapped in here and his mother held the purple object in her hands with reverence, like she loved it.
Daniel was shocked when he realized that it was a cock. His mother stroked the thick, enormous dick and from the slick, sticky noises, it sounded like she was oiling up the shaft.
She couldn't fit that inside her, could she?
Jesus Christ, Daniel felt a shudder roll down his spine. That cock was bigger than a porn guy's dick. It was definitely bigger than his dad. It had to be longer than a foot and at the base, she couldn't get her hand entirely around it. Further up, the shaft had less girth but it was a veiny, almost frightening looking dick. The head was meaty and oddly mushroom like. If it weren't purple, it could have been real.
Except that no one had a dick that big in real life, Daniel reminded himself as his pulse throbbed and his own cock beckoned. As hard as he was, his dick was miniature compared to that monstrosity that his mother cooed and fussed over.
There was a buzzing noise and Daniel squinted to ascertain the source. At the front of the shaft, there was a branch. It was an offshoot of the cock that trembled and vibrated. He nodded his head, now he got it. Her reward for taking fourteen inches of rock hard cock was the persistent tremor right there on her stiff clitoris.
She had begun and his mother had to take this slowly. She had both hands between her legs and her thighs were spread wide to get the monster cock between them. She grunted, as if it were even difficult just to carry this hefty penis in her hand. "Oh yes," she sounded as if she'd been carried away on a wave of sheer bliss as the dick entered her sloppy, soaked entry with a wet noise.
Fuck, it wasn't fair, he shouldn't see this, Daniel thought. It was too much, the dick was massive and as he gulped hard and told himself to look away. That purple beast steadily stretched her more and then a little bit more. Her plump lips were so wide now. She stuffed her slowly as his mother guided it in with moan after moan of pleasure.
His mom needed a huge cock.
Just the thought of it, just the words made his own dick flutter and rise to tap him on the tee shirt. His mother worked her hips and the mattress moaned. She whispered, "Oh yeah," just like the voice in Daniel's head did. It was that deep, perverted, voice. It was the voice that he used when he was close to spurting all over the computer screen and he had no idea that women even talked like that. Especially not his mother. "Fuck," she said in the same voice and Daniel's cock begged to be stroked.
She had at least half of it in and her body stiffened. Her legs went straight out in front of her and her toes pointed. Her calves wiggled to the thrusts of her pussy. Her hairy, drenched pussy made loud gushing noises the more purple dick she stuffed inside.
Jesus Christ, she was going to get every last inch up in her cunt, wasn't she? Daniel gnawed on his knuckles, anything to keep the sound buried inside as he stared. Her body giving itself over to the mighty cock, it was a sacrifice to a hungry god. Her legs shook hard as her determined hips kept at it. "Damn," she barked and she then came another shiver. The buzz of the smaller, vibrating limb seemed to get louder. It mesmerized her. His mother began to whisper like a prayer, "Oh yes, oh yes," again and again as the cock dug deep.
Daniel stroked his dick again. He wished he had some of her lube for this. The friction was almost painful but it was necessary. His balls weren't even full but that didn't matter either. The urgency was in his shaft. It danced and dripped and seemed to point at his mother, stuffed full of dick.
Daniel gritted his teeth and stroked again and thought the only place she had any more room was in her mouth. That sent a moan that almost came out but he wasn't sure if she'd even hear it as she rocked the squeaky old mattress like that. The bed cried out for mercy as her thighs moved. Her legs were bent at the knee now and open as wide as they could be. Daniel saw everything, all of her.
His mother's cunt hair shone in the light with her wetness. There was a slick trail of juices and lube that drizzled down from her crack to the bed. She had made a huge wet spot already, it was bigger than her ass and Daniel bet the sheet was soaked all the way through with her mating scent.
With a little whinny, she got all the way down to the base of the enormous dick. Her pussy had finally gobbled every last bit of it down. It seemed that she was on the precipice between pleasure and pain as she writhed and moaned. "Fuck," his mother muttered as the vibrating arm touched her pulsing clit. It was so beefy and erect. It stood at attention and pulsed. Daniel didn't know what he wanted to stare at more, her slit, stuffed and open much too wide or her little dick that she wanted to stroke.
He'd like to stroke it for her.
Daniel couldn't stop touching his cock as he stared. He wanted to be right there. He wanted to stand over her and show her what her voluptuousness and her scent and her wanton, sexy noises had made him do. She should see what her fingers in her luscious twat had done to him.
He'd stroke his dick like this right in her face. Daniel would stand right where he could feel her hot breath on his balls. He'd shake from head to toe as he jerked off frantically and showed her what she'd done to him.
To her own son.
Fuck, he felt his face flush with shame but that wasn't stopping the rest of his body. His dick spit precum all over his jeans while his tongue slipped out.
Yes, he wanted to lick, he wanted a taste. He wanted his mother to wipe her creamy cum from his forehead to his chin. He would beg her to drown him in the scent of her pussy.
He was thirsty.
His mother had lost all control on the big cock and had started to fuck herself faster now. Back and forth, these were quick pulses of her thighs. The persistent buzz of the vibration on her clitoris was the background for the crescendo of cries.
The bed groaned and as she picked up the pace. Daniel wondered if she wouldn't break the mattress. It squeaked and slapped along with her big, bouncing butt. Her pussy was just getting louder the faster she fucked the lube in and out.
Daniel matched her speed. He wouldn't last much longer and the fantasy egged him on. He could see it vividly. He stood right there and stroked his cock for his mother. He breathed in her sloppy dripping, animal cunt smell. He'd stroke and make her look at his red, aching cock and balls. Daniel wanted to make her watch like she had made him.
The pulse of nerves started in his anus. His abs fluttered as he kept the steady up and down and he imagined that in seconds, he'd coat his own mother's flesh with his third, steamy load of cum.
His third climax for his mom.
"Fuck " she cried out like a warning and arched her bottom up. She drug her clit across the vibration and pushed herself harder and faster. Her legs were stretched out all the way now and she begged. "Oh god, please, please. Oh yes, please."
As if anyone could say no to that.
She howled and drove the dick home with wet slaps and grunts. His mother fucked the dick all the way to the bottom. She kept it buried there in her slit and rode the waves of the vibration. She shuddered in a total surrender that Daniel had never seen.
Porn girls didn't cum like this.
Daniel felt his own orgasm rock through him once again. The tightness and heat inside burst into bliss and light. He could smell his cum, something deep and briny as if this orgasm came from somewhere else. Somewhere somewhere from the depths that the first two couldn't touch. If he hadn't chewed on his spit sticky hand, he'd have howled. He would have begged, he would have sworn. He would have called for his mother and that was the one reason that it was so good that he couldn't talk.
They came together and it was beautiful. The soapy, frothy liquid rolled down his mother's dripping crack to the bed below. He watched it run off and spill down the side of the bed to the floor. She pissed out juices and the slap of her hips hadn't stopped. His mother was still lost in the dick, her pussy milked it inside and didn't even need her hands anymore. Her body was on automatic and her legs and breasts jiggled with every jolt of nerves.
Daniel was spent, empty of cum, completely drained. If he couldn't get out of the closet, if his insatiable mother decided to fuck herself with anything else, if somehow she could go again, Daniel would just have to watch in agony. He'd be hard but he'd just have to keep his hands to himself.
"Jesus Christ," his mother moaned and threw her arms out to the sides. She gripped the purple beast with both hands and turned off the buzzing. She made a little whistle, as if to say that even she was surprised that she could take that much dick. His mother sighed deeply. She was helpless and she shook as she withdrew the purple dick, inch by inch.
Daniel wiped his load on the floor in the closet and drew his legs up close. Didn't it stand to reason that if she'd put the dick in the closet the last time that she'd put it back in the same place? Could she even walk from the cum soaked mattress? She took long, deep breaths; shaky, exhausted breaths. She heaved and sighed and slipped the monster dick from inside. His mother's arm shook from the effort as she placed it on the bed beside her.
"Wow," she sounded so happy. His mother was wrapped up in a warm blanket of spent passion and satisfied like a sleek cat. She sat up and Daniel watched as her black hair tumbled back to the bed. She glowed, that smile said everything she didn't say. She'd been taken care of, her itch completely scratched.
She tried to get up, stumbled and put her hand out to gain her balance. She lost it anyway and dropped right back down to the bed with a giggle. Her breasts rose and fell and the roll at her belly bounced back into place. Her scent wafted to the closet. Her new scent was warm and not just a sex smell, it was something deeper than that.
Whatever it was, Daniel wanted to bury his nose in it and feel it inside.
It was time to get serious and his mother cleared her throat. She held onto his father's nightstand and propped herself up. Once she was on her feet, she shuffled toward the master bath. His mother flicked on the light and Daniel heard the hum of the fluorescent bulb.
This was his chance.
If she just went all the way in the bathroom, he could tear out of the closet. It was a straight shot to his room, which, if he'd been there the whole time, he doubted that he would have heard any of this. But he also would have missed out on three orgasms that shook him, body and soul.
She hadn't gone in the bathroom though, she just stood in the doorway. He watched as she reached for the washcloth and wiped the dildo off carefully. She cleaned it thoroughly as she stood, propped up against the doorframe. Standing on her own was too much for her legs and ass now, after all of that exertion.
He pulled back and hoped that he could scoot into the darkness of the back half of the closet, the part where the light with the chain didn't illuminate. Otherwise when she opened the door, he was totally fucked.
She yanked it open quickly and stood on tiptoe once more to put her purple toy away. She sighed and chuckled to herself and clicked the light off with the chain. His mother stood in front of the door, still naked, all of her roundness on display. The light from the room caressed her bareness and warmed her curves. He'd never forget this afternoon.
"Daniel, you better not take those car keys. Your father will be home in thirty minutes." That was all she said before she closed the closet door behind her. His mother weaved on unsteady, drunken feet to the bathroom and Daniel heard the squeak of the shower handle before the water hit the tile.
He didn't breathe until he was back in his room with the door closed so that he could weigh all of the possibilities.