Continuation of chapter 5.
"I didn't expect you to want me to chase you." I said startled trough the phone.
"Haha, you really are clueless. I asked Ella before calling you, for permission." Emily said, I felt her trying to hold back her excitement.
"Permission for what?" I asked realising that now Emily also will be a part of my secret.
"To play with her toy...Oh and if you don't I'll make sure you'll regret it." She said with certainty.
"Come over to my place tomorrow after work. I'll text you the address. I have some things I want to try out." She hung up.
Shortly after I got a text message with her address, it wasn't very far from my workplace.
Surely enough the next day right after work I headed straight towards her place. I was scared but also extremely horny.
I arrived at her apartment and knocked on the door. The building was definitely upper class. She must be earning good to afford a place like this.
I heard a click and the door opened. Emily was wearing pink shorts and a white tank top. No bra, exposed shaved legs and she looked sexy as hell.
"Well...come in! I'm eager to see how this plays out." Emily had something mischievous up her sleeve.
I followed her into the apartment and after looking around I said "Are you..."
"An online model? Yes." She interrupted.
I was going to say cam girl but I guess she prefers her term better. I realised her profession after seeing all the outfits, lingerie, sex toys, cameras, tripods and a green screen around the place.
"So...what do you sell exactly?" I asked not trying to be rude.
"Oh the usual, caming, pictures, used underwear, sexting, requests and I have a live show." She gave me her menu.
"That's how I actually met Nathan and then Ella." Emily winked at me.
"I would have never guessed they-" I was trying to process this new revelation.
"You'll understand how it all happened very soon...take a seat on the couch." Me and Emily took a seat on the couch while she grabbed the remote for her Smart TV and started scrolling through some folders on the huge 4K screen.
"So uhm...you must be doing really good with this gig huh? All the stuff looks expensive." I said trying to break the ice.
"Oh yeah, I can't complain. There are many lonely losers who pay me just because I'm hot haha." Emily was being transparent how shallow and devoid of humanity sex streamer girls are.
"There are a few exceptions. Some guys get my content for free...under one condition." She said turning to me.
"What's that?" I asked not sure if I wanted the answer.
"This..." Emily nudged her head to the screen while I cast my sight on it as well.
There was a folder called "hung candy". She opened it and it was full of photos and short clips showcasing huge cocks.
"When a hung guy goes trough the effort to flex his massive cock for me I let him see my content for free. He shows me his I show him mine. I'm a size queen and I just LOVE these thick juicy cocks. I mean look at them...aren't they arousing?" Emily spoke softly at the end.
"They look big..." I closed my legs a little bit instinctively.
"What do you think about this one?" Emily played a short clip of a guy slowly pulling down his boxers with his impressive manhood popping out.
"He's...big." I said.
"Mmmm, bigger than yours?" Emily teased.
"Yes..." I didn't like where this was heading.
"Look at the way it bounces up and down. Look how erect he is. I bet you wish you were that big." Emily started to taunt me.
"How about this one?" Emily's next presentation was a picture of a huge penis next to a wine bottle. They looked identic in size.
My eyes opened wide as I glared at it. "No way it's real."
"But it is haha. He's so much thicker than you. You can never compare to a guy like that." She enjoyed herself with every sentence.
"This one I really like..." Emily showed me the next stud on her list. It was a very big dick facing the camera. After a few seconds it flexed and stood up straight revealing a huge set of round hairless balls. He repeated the motion of lifting his girthy cock up and down making his balls wobble slightly.
"Do you know who that is?" Emily poked my crotch area for a moment.
"Is that...Nathan?" I just came to the shocking realisation.
"Bingo. That's the cock you suck haha. This was the first video he sent me. When I found out he's in the same city I just had to get a taste of that beast." Emily reminisced.
"Now that your looking at his manhood, can you tell me what he's got that you don't?" She wanted an answer judging from her demeanour.
"I already confessed that he's bigger..." I didn't really know how to react.
"That's obvious. I want to hear you describe every aspect of his superiority. Take your dicklet out and look at it, then look back up at a real man's tool." Emily took her shorts off, she was bare and I could taste her wetness. She was so turned on.
I obliged her and took my dick out, I was kind of mad at myself that I was pretty hard trough this endeavour.
"Mmmm, looks like your enjoying yourself. I had a feeling you would enjoy looking at horse cocks with me. Now look at Nathan's shaft bounce and tell me the difference between you and him." Emily was touching herself next to me.
"His head is bigger and he's definantly longer." I had a hard time talking.
"Not really doing a good job are you? I'll do the talking then. Stroke yourself slowly and look only at the penises like a good little cuck fag, don't you dare look at my body perv." Emily ordered.
"Just look at how fat that cock is, I can tell you first hand his fucking power is immense. Just imagine how strong you have to be to lift that heavy equipment like he does with no hands. His balls are so heavy, I bet you still remember how they taste like huh? You cock sniffing loser." Emily was so mean all of a sudden.
"I know you're jealous of his girth...you secretly love having his cock an inch from your face don't you? You like watching him beat his man meat, you wish he would bust on your face, fucking faggot. Oh fuck yes hahaha, jerk that tiny dick for me loser." Emily laughed gleefully.
Her bratty voice was a big turn on. I could hear soft wet sounds coming from her pussy. I was too scared to look in that direction knowing what the consequences would be.
"Lean back and spread your legs, make yourself comfortable. Enjoy these hung men. Worship the alpha." Emily kept arousing me while she swiped to the next monster cock on the screen. It was a guy moaning and jerking off his very thick meat on the verge of cumming.
"Look at the distance he shoots those thick ropes of cum. Your beta dicklet can't even pump a single shot of his high quality seed." Emily talked while I watched shot after shot of an ejaculation resembling a fountain.
"Say that you love jerking to cock. And stroke faster" She demanded.
"I love jerking to cock." Deep down I wasn't even sure if I did as I was told or if I actually enjoyed this.
"I uploaded the clips from the last session. My fans loved seeing a stud fuck two hot girls while a caged cuck watches." The more she talked to more humiliated and turned on I was.
Emily skipped to the next scene, it was a clip of loop of a very thick guy pounding a girl and the camera was aimed at his huge balls.
"Tell me what differences do you see between him and yourself?" Emily nudged me with her toes.
"I wish my balls were that big." I confessed without thinking.
"Do you see how they swing back and forth? It's due to their size, weight and the power he fucks with. You're not strong enough to fuck like that." Emily moaned at the end of her statement.
She again changed the content on the screen. The next one was a guy with one leg up to the side exposing his 10 inch python, his balls were proportionate to his size and hung low, they looked very round and visible from many angles since his leg was lifted to the side.
"I know you want to cum. You want to cum stroking to much larger cock don't you? Admit it!" Emily threw her tank top over my head. I still didn't look her way even though I knew her plump breasts were a neck turn away from me.
"That's a good sissy boy. Keep looking at a real mans sex tool. Cum to it. Cum to the men I can have at any time I want fucking me like you can't." Emily knew how to bring me to the edge.
"Ugh..." I had an intense orgasm but I also felt really weird and filthy what I had just done. I had just shot my load all over Emily's floor while looking at huge cocks all the while she's naked sitting next to me and taunting me with my predicament.
"Is that it? I guess I'm used to big cumshots from bulls like the ones you just drooled over. Tell me, do you think your loads match up to theirs?" Emily talked into my ear after leaning close.
"No...these guys produce so much more cum..." I said accepting reality.
"Grab those paper towels over there and clean your mess." Emily ordered.
I quickly did as I was told and scrubbed the floor clean from my cum. Emily played with her pussy and laughed at me. She looked so hot. I started becoming erect again just seeing her pale tight body.
"Are you done cleaning? Good, get over here and smell how wet I am." I scurried between Emily's legs and started sniffing her vagina which she had spread open for me.
"Can I please taste you?" I said swallowing the saliva built up under my tongue.
Emily leaned forward and brought her face close to mine looking down on me with her magnificent tits hanging firmly and said with an innocent smile "No, now get dressed and get the fuck out, virgin."
It took all my strength to get dressed and leave such a naked sex goddess alone. I went home and felt like time stood still while I was reliving what had transpired.
Just when I was about to compose myself I got a message from Ella. It was a direct order to go to her place tomorrow right after work. I don't know why but I felt chills around my body. I felt like something bad was going to happen.