(Sorry For the delay, I just wanted to cover a little more plot than usual for a chapter. The fifth chapter is going to be the last one. I have an ending in mind and hopefully most of you will like it. Suggestions and ideas are always welcome. Enjoy the chapter.)
(I would like to thank Larry for editing this story and making it presentable.)
I could eat her pussy all day. That's all that was going through my head as I moved closer to Carrie. Putting my hands on her back, I pulled her towards me, opened my mouth and kissed her. What a kiss it was. Her wet mouth and soft lips felt so amazing. I swear she tasted like bubblegum. I moved my hand towards her shorts, unbuttoned them and put my hands inside. She was so wet. I fingered her slowly with my left hand as my right roamed all over her body. It stopped over her breast and I slowly fondled her. I broke the kiss for second to look into her eyes. They were full of passion, anticipation and lust. But then it changed.
She pushed my hands away and spoke, "I have been waiting for this for so long."
She pulled me towards her and pushed my skirt down. Moving her hands towards the strap of my top, she removed it frantically. I stood in front of her in my birthday suit. She picked me up with surprising strength and put me on the bed on my back. I could feel it. She was finally going to perform oral sex on me. Well no need to be that formal, Eva. She's going to eat me out. She moved over me on all fours till we were face to face. She looked into my eyes. I saw love. I finally saw it. I was right - she loves me. I was not stupid to think that. Suck on that, my pessimist brain. She kissed me briefly and then started to move down. She kissed, sucked and nibbled on my left nipple and then the right. I was in heaven. I was very aroused. I could feel myself dripping, the wetness moving down my inner thigh. Finally moving towards my pussy, she slowly extended her tongue towards the pussy juice flowing down my thigh. She slowly moved her tongue following the path that the juices travelled till she was very close to my pussy lips. That's when she made her first tongue contact with my snatch. It was amazing. I was already very close to an orgasm. She touched my clit with her tongue as she moved her fingers in and out of my pussy. She repeated this till I was just on the edge. That's when I first realized it. Her technique was very similar to that of Kirstin. I have been with enough girls to know every girl is different when it comes to sex. That's when I realized, I don't know how I got into this situation. What happened before Carrie made her move on me? How was it that all of a sudden she seemed so interested in having sex with me? All this was bothering me beyond belief. But I was so close to an orgasm that I couldn't stop this even if I wanted to. I was washed over by an orgasm that felt like an electric shock flowing through my entire body. It was amazing.
That's when I woke up. Fuck! That was a dream. But it felt so real. I slowly opened my eyes to realize that I was naked and covered with sweat. When I looked toward my pussy, I was greeted with the smiling face of my girlfriend! Kirstin. She was the one that made me cum.
"Isn't this the best way to wake up?" She said, smiling as she moved towards my mouth and kissed me.
"I missed you so much, babe," I said as I broke the kiss for a moment only to resume it more passionately. We made out like a pair of teenage girls. I could taste myself on her mouth.
I broke the kiss when I glanced at my bed clock. It was 5:30 AM. Shit I was way beyond late today. I pushed Kirstin away as I climbed out of our bed.
"Hey! What the hell! You're not going to return the favor?" she said sounding a little surprised. She has every right to be, because when it comes to sex I am more of a giver.
"Sorry babe. I can't. I'm already late for work. How about I make it up to you tonight? I'll take you out for dinner, then some dancing followed by lots of kissing," I said as I turned the shower on. I quickly shaved my pussy and while in there, thought about masturbating for Carrie. Why should I? Didn't I decide last night that I can't do this to Kirstin? I love her. I love Carrie too, but if being around her means hurting Kirstin or lying to her then I would rather not be around her. I decided not to do it.
"Ok. But there better be lots and lots of kissing involved. I am super horny, especially after your phone call last night," she said.
I shampooed my hair as I slipped into deep thought once again. How am I going to end it with Carrie? Should I give it to her straight? Or should I just avoid her till she gives up on her own? No. She deserves better than that. I will go into her office, tell her the truth and end it like a matured adult. Now to the second problem. Should I tell Kirstin about what happened? Or should I keep this from her? After all, it was just one weekend and we didn't technically have sex. Telling her would mean losing her. I can't lose her. I can't lose them both. Ok, then, I'll tell Carrie the truth but not Kirstin. I'll just have to live with this. Telling would hurt her beyond belief, and isn't the reason I'm ending this 'fling' is to avoid doing that.
I exited the bathroom naked and wet. I forgot the towel. Kirstin was sitting on the bed. Her eyes widened.
"This is just pure torture," she said.
I chuckled and stuck out my tongue at her. I opened by wardrobe and pulled out a small skirt and white top. The skirt was marginally acceptable for a teacher while the top was very thin. It was so thin that even after wearing it, my nipples would be visible. As I got dressed, Kirstin got up from the bed and looked into my wardrobe.
"Where are all your underwear and bras?" she asked. Shit I was caught. What was I going to tell her?
"I needed newer ones, sexier ones. So I threw the old ones out. I was going to get them on Sunday, but got held up helping Carrie shop for a date," I said. I am really good at lying. As I mentally patted myself on the back for such good lying abilities, I saw Kirstin rummage through my stuff some more.
"Your wardrobe seems a little thinner too. Where's the suit I got you from my last trip?" she asked. Oh my god! I can't believe I let Carrie throw that suit out. Kirstin must have seen the look of worry on my face.
"What's going on with your wardrobe Eva?" she asked.
"I...um." I was so busted. Oh, wait.
"It's a little embarrassing, babe. I was feeling so horny last weekend when I was cleaning out my wardrobe that I threw out everything I thought was not sexy enough. I just wanted to be dressed sexier for you. I am sorry for being inconsiderate and throwing that suit out," I said.
"It's ok, babe. It's actually more than ok. I mean, you were doing it for me. How about I get you something sexier the next time I am out for a trip?" she said. She's the best girlfriend ever. She's amazing in bed, amazing in her job and amazing in making me feel amazing.
"Best girlfriend ever," I said as I kissed and then hugged her.
"Shit! I am late for work. I got to go babe. See you after work," I said as I moved quickly towards the garage door. I picked up my black coat and put it on as I entered my car. I exited the garage and drove towards school. Kirstin is so amazing, why did I ever feel the need to be with Carrie. Carrie never made me feel the way Kirstin just did. Kirstin makes me feel loved and cared for. While Carrie made me feel... I don't know what she made me feel. But I have to end it with her. I drove uneventfully till I reached the school gate. I parked my car. Determined, I moved towards the elevator and pressed the button. I reached the fifth floor and looked at my watch. There was still five minutes before my first class. I moved towards Carrie's room and knocked.
"Come in," she said. I entered and looked at her looking pleased to see my outfit. I was not wearing this for her.
"On time for a change, slut," she said.
"We need to talk, Carrie." I interrupted her. She looked surprised, then angry and then calm, ready to listen to what I had to say.
"I can't do this anymore. I cannot submit to you," I said.
"What happened, Eva? Not two days ago you seemed too eager to please me, do anything for me and now you say you can't do this. Did I push you too far too quick?" she asked looking disappointed. The look on her face almost made me take all I said till now back. But I cannot. I have to do this for Kirstin.
"No, you didn't push me too far. It's me. I realized that I am not the type of person to cheat on my girlfriend. I can't be with you while I am still with Kirstin. I won't leave Kirstin because I love her. So I have to end this, Carrie. If ending this means ending our friendship than I guess I have one less friend now." I said. It felt pretty good.
She looked to be in deep thought. She looked at me with disappointment and then a frown appeared on her face. "If that's what you want Eva, than I guess our relationship is over. You are right, I can't be friends with you knowing that you still have feelings for me so it would be better for both of us if we part ways here," she said sounding very mechanical. Gone was the disappointed look on her face and gone was the frown.
"Then this is goodbye, Carrie," I said as I exited her office. Well that went rather efficiently. I thought she would at least fight a little for me to continue to be her submissive. But at least I was free from the burden of cheating on Kirstin. I felt good about what I had done.
Feeling happy and relieved, I walked into my classroom and prepared for my first class. The room filled soon and I started teaching. The entire day went uneventfully. I sat through lunch in my classroom, half expecting Carrie to send me new instructions. But it never came.
As the final bell rang and the work day ended, I quickly gathered my stuff and cleaned my desk. I locked my classroom and exited the school building. I drove home planning my evening with Kirstin. I'm planning on taking her to her favorite Italian restaurant. After that I'll take her to a lesbian bar downtown called Meow Mix. That bar will totally get both of us in the mood.
I reached home and parked the car in the garage. I was expecting Kirstin to attack me with kisses, but she was not home. That's weird. She's usually home resting after returning from a business trip. Maybe she had some work at the office. I decided to set up the test paper for Friday. It took me an hour to prepare the question paper and the key for it. As I locked the paper in my study drawer, I looked at the clock. It was four pm. Kirstin was still not home. I decided to call her to remind her of our plans for this evening. I called but she didn't pick up. Well if she is late, at least I'll be the one to be angry with her.
I decided to take a long bath and prepare myself for the date. As I lay in the bathtub, my hands started roaming around my pussy. I was very horny. I had not cum for days excluding this morning. I delicately touched my pussy and could feel the heat radiating from it. As I rubbed my clit relentlessly, I used the fingers of my other hand to stimulate my slit. I inserted a finger into my pussy, then two, then three and soon I had four fingers in my pussy. That was a first for me. Despite four fingers in my pussy and constant rubbing of my clit, I still couldn't cum. I was close, just not close enough. I thought about inserting my entire fist but I got scared. I stopped frustratingly and looked for something else to make me cum. I thought about taking out my trusty vibrator but decided against it. A vibrator was just too conventional. I decided to use the flowing water to stimulate my clit. I adjusted my legs in such a way that the water fell directly on my clit. I know this sounds conventional but I have never done it before so for me, it was not. As the water fell directly on my clit, I could feel my orgasm approaching. I was very close. I could almost feel the orgasm washing over me. This was going to be a big one.
"You started without me?" It was Kirstin. I opened my eyes and as I looked at her, it finally happened. I felt a mindboggling orgasm wash over me. It lasted a good ten seconds before it started to subside. I turned the tap off as my clit felt too sensitive. This was really amazing.
"I just couldn't wait." I said smiling in the afterglow of my orgasm.
"That was a big one, wasn't it? What were you thinking about E?"
"Nothing, actually. I was just focused on my orgasm. But I think you watching might have intensified things," I said as I stepped out of the bathtub, naked and wet, just like this morning. Kirstin moved closer to me about to kiss me when I put my finger in front of her mouth.
"Not before we have a romantic evening, babe. Not before I have teased you to the point that you just can't control it," I said. She licked the finger I put there to shush her and tasted my pussy juices still coating it.
"I can't control it, already" she said smiling charmingly.
"Well, you'll have to wait some more then," I said as I wrapped a towel around me and moved out of the bathroom into the bedroom. I opened my wardrobe to look for an appropriate dress for the evening. All I found was a little black dress. It was very hot, but without any underwear, it was going to be difficult not to flash my pussy. I decided to wear it anyway. I have to get some underwear and some more sensible clothes.
I dried myself with the towel and put on some makeup. Kirstin walked out of the bathroom staring at me.
"You look amazing," she said. I blushed. "I'm not even dressed yet."
"That's part of the reason you look so amazing," she said. I wore the black dress without any underwear and bra.
"You can borrow my underwear and bra, you slut. You can't hope to spend the evening in that dress without underwear, without flashing your snatch to anyone who is looking," she said.
"I'm not going to spend the night adjusting loose underwear under my dress. And maybe I want to flash my stuff to people tonight," I said, winking. "Now go get dressed. We have a reservation at 6:30 pm."
Reluctantly, Kirstin left the room to get dressed and I applied the finishing touches on my makeup. I wore black four-inch heels with the dress. They were the tallest heels I have. They are painful to walk in but make me feel very sexy which the point of tonight was. I put on a long coat over the dress before leaving. It gets very chilly in the evening. Better safe than sorry.
Kirstin was waiting for me outside already sitting in the passenger side of my car. It's amazing how great she can look with very little effort in time.
We drove to our favorite Italian restaurant talking about my day and her business trip. In no time, we arrived at the restaurant with about five minutes to spare. Luckily our reserved table was empty. It was a weekday after all. Most people have something 'better' to do than have a date with someone special on a weekday.
We sat at our table, Kirstin in front of me and we ordered our food. As we waited for our food to arrive, my phone buzzed. I had received an email. It was Carrie. What was she writing to me about? I'm sure it is about how much she misses me and wants me back as her submissive but I am going to say no. I can't do that to Kirstin. I love her too much.
"I love you babe," I said. She smiled and said, "I love you too, E."
I opened the email. There was an attachment and a message in the email. The message said to open the attachment first before reading ahead. I opened the attachment. It was a picture of me standing naked in the staff bathroom with rubber bands over my nipples. The picture clearly showed my face and the fact that I was in the staff toilet at the school. I quickly closed the attachment and read the rest of the message.
"Slut,
There are more pictures of you in the toilet as well as in my office. If you do not want them on the internet or sent to the principal, then do as I say. Treat everything that happened this morning as if it never happened. You are still my submissive slut, following my every command. I don't care what you think or want. I want you to go to the bathroom of the restaurant you are in, then into the last stall and then strip there and wait for further instructions. Comply or the first person I send this to will be Kirstin. I don't think she will be happy to see them after I tell her what happened between us.
Mistress"
I was shocked. How could she do this to me? I thought she loved me but all she was doing was using my naivety to fulfill her own desires. How could I be so stupid? Why didn't I notice the cameras in the bathroom and the office? I trusted her and she is now blackmailing me. What am I going to do? I can't let her send these photos to Kirstin. I can't lose her. I can't let her send them to the scumbag principal either. It will not only cost me my job and probably my career but also cause a lot of humiliation. I have to follow her instructions. I will follow them tonight and then talk to her tomorrow. I'll convince her somehow to end all this.
I excused myself to go to the toilet. As I entered the ladies room I noticed two more women standing outside touching up their makeup. Without saying anything, I entered the farthest stall from the door and bolted it. I removed my coat first and put it on the toilet neatly. I could feel myself getting aroused from the thought of getting naked in the toilet with those woman still standing outside. I peeled off my dress quickly and then removed my heels. I stood in the toilet stark naked aroused and scared at the same time. I waited for further instructions for about two minutes before my phone buzzed again.
It was mistress.
"Good job slut. I can see you followed my instructions fully. There is a marker hid behind the toilet inside the stall. I want you to use this marker to write "Lesbian Whore" on your stomach. After writing, put the marker back where you found it. Then take your little black dress and put it inside the toilet but don't flush. You will be leaving the stall dressed only in your long coat with nothing underneath. Spend the rest of you dinner waiting my next instruction."
She can't expect me to really put my dress inside the toilet. I looked for the marker and sure enough it was there. I uncapped it and wrote the disgusting words on my stomach. After that I put the marker behind the toilet where I found it. Reluctantly I threw my black dress into the toilet. I looked at my watch and realized I had been gone for over 5 minutes now. Kirstin will get suspicious if I don't return soon. I quickly put on the heels and the long coat. I buttoned the coat all the way from my chest to well below my crotch. I walked out of the stall and the two women were gone. I looked at myself in the mirror. I looked exactly like I did with the dress. With the coat buttoned, there was no telling if I was naked underneath. Pleased with my outfit, I walked out of the bathroom and towards my table.
"What took you so long?" Kirstin asked. The food had already arrived.
"I was redoing my makeup to make myself look sexier for you babe," I said. "Let's eat."
As we ate in silence, I started to think. How did Carrie know which restaurant I was going to be in? How did she know I was in the stall naked? There has to be someone here working with her. This means that someone other than me knows I am naked underneath this coat. This thought was making me wet.
As we were eating dessert, I decided to just take Kirstin home and not the bar. With my state of clothing, going to the bar could be very risky. As we finished desert, Kirstin looked at me expectedly.
"So, where are we going for dancing?" she asked.
"How about we skip dancing and go straight to lots of kissing babe?" I said.
"It's a very tempting offer, E but I am in the mood for dancing. Please let's go dancing at a club or a bar," she said.
"Babe, I am feeling really horny and I don't think I can handle the club. Please take me home and make love to me," I whispered sensually. That convinced her. She quickly paid the bill and, holding my hand, moved towards the car. As I handed her the keys to my car and sat at the passenger side, my phone buzzed.
It was mistress again. I opened the message and read it.
"Go to the Meow Mix bar with your 'girlfriend'. Enjoy yourself. Get drunk and dance. Wait for my next set of instructions." That's all she said.
"Hey, you know what? If my girlfriend feels like dancing we'll go dancing. Let's go to the Meow Mix," I said just as we were about to leave the restaurant parking.
"You are the best, E," she said.
We drove for about a half hour before we arrived at the Meow Mix. Let me tell you a little about the Meow Mix. It's a lesbian bar famous for its rowdy crowd, cheap drinks and great music. The sexual energy in this place is always off the charts. It's a wonder how most couples avoid having sex on the dance floor itself in this kind of atmosphere. So naturally both Kirstin and I love this place. Even on an otherwise mundane weekday, this place was full of people, drinking and dancing uninhibitedly. Getting in was easy as we were regulars.
Once inside, Kirstin went straight for the bar which was unlike her because she generally hates getting drunk. Once there, she ordered shots. "Why are you still wearing that coat?" she said as she looked at me seductively. "Take it off."
"No, I'm fine. I'm; just a little cold. I think I'll keep the coat on a little longer."
As the shots arrived, she quickly drank hers and asked me to do the same. I drank one reluctantly. I need to have my wits about me if I plan on not flashing my body throughout the club. I have to be careful. As I drank the first shot, Kirstin had already ordered me another set. Soon we both were drunk as a skunk. Now it was time to dance.
Feeling my inhibitions wash away I pulled Kirstin by her hand to the dance floor. Once there, we started dancing. I could feel the air flowing inside my coat, wrapping around my body. It made me feel more than naked. I was getting aroused, and in my aroused and uninhibited state, I told Kirstin, "I'm not wearing anything under this coat." I whispered this into her ear, wrapping my hands around her neck. Her eyes widened.
"Prove it," She said giggling. I looked around. I was surrounded by a lot of sexy women. They were all busy dancing. Some were making out on the dance floor itself. I think I can get away with flashing Kirstin my tits on the dance floor. Looking coyly at her I slowly unbuttoned the coat from top to just below my breasts. I pulled the coat aside and flashed Kirstin one of my boobs. Suddenly her expressions changed.
"You really are naked under that coat, aren't you, you slut?" she said. "I can't wait to have you." Just then I remembered I was to wait for further instructions from mistress. I have to slow this down. I have to get Kirstin to spend some more time here.
"How about some more dancing? I don't think I am done teasing you just yet," I said. We kept on dancing as the sexual tension between us escalated to new heights. I kept on trying to check my phone but Kirstin kept interrupting. I made an excuse and went to the ladies room. Surely there was a message from mistress.
"I hope you are enjoying yourself slut. Your next and final task for the evening is going to be a tough one. I want to you to go the ladies room. Remove your coat once inside. Remove the 'lesbian whore' written on your stomach with some wet wipes. Then with the coat in your hand, leave the ladies room, walk to your girlfriend and leave the club with her still naked. Once outside, you can get put the coat back on. You have the rest of the night to yourself. Enjoy, slut and do not disappoint me."
I was horny beyond belief and in my current drunk state, this task didn't seem that difficult. Before I got cold feet, I quickly removed the coat and using the wet wipes, removed the markings on my stomach. It didn't fully disappear but was lightened to the point that only someone looking very closely would notice it. Just then, the door to the ladies room opened. Two women, a blonde and a brunette entered the room kissing and groping each other. They didn't notice me at first. But when they did, their eyes widened and they stopped what they were doing. Feeling brave and horny, I walked up to them. I touched my wet cunt with the index finger covering it with my juices and then put the finger near blonde one's mouth. She froze for a minute before extending her tongue and licking my finger. I repeated the same with the brunette. Then without saying anything and with the coat over my hand, I left the ladies room still naked.
Once I got outside, my confidence crashed. Suddenly everyone in the club was staring at my nude body. As I walked through the crowd on the dance floor, I noticed the surprised faces. I received looks of shock, lust and disgust from the women surrounding me. There were some cat calls and some rude comments but I didn't care. I was focused on my task - find Kirstin and leave the club with her, naked. I saw her through the crowd standing by herself at the bar. She didn't notice me at first, but when she did a smile appeared on her face. Thank god she thought this was sexy. Once I got close to her, I felt safe and secure. I got some of my confidence back. I leaned towards her and kissed her; not a peck, a proper kiss. It was the moment our kiss ended that I suddenly noticed that everyone was still looking at me, hooting and hollering. I was scared. Kirstin noticed the look of fright on my face. She grabbed my hand and pulled me out of the crowd towards the exit.
Once we were out of the club and as we walked towards our car, Kirstin pulled me in for a deep wet kiss.
"What's gotten into you?" she said. "Well whatever it is, it's amazing. I can't wait any longer, Eva." She kissed me again as her hands roamed freely over my body. She grabbed my boobs, squeezed them and pinched my nipples. I dropped my coat on the floor and used my now free hands to hold her. She attacked my nipples with her mouth, nibbling and kissing the right one before doing the same with the left. She pushed me against the hood of our car. I sat on the hood and spread my legs. I felt her hand on my pussy, rubbing my clit as she continued the attack on my nipples. I moved my hands to the hem of her skirt, pulling it up and rubbing her pussy through her panties. We continued in this position for about ten minutes till we were both close to cumming. Her breathing was faster and I could feel her pussy juices flowing through her panties. Pushing aside her panties, I inserted two fingers inside of her in an attempt to get her off. We both came together, quickly and violently. I screamed through what can only be described as the best orgasm of my life. I guess being naked under the coat the entire night, then walking naked through a club full of women and fucking my girlfriend still naked in a parking lot was all too arousing. After our sexual arousal cooled down, we finally got into the car and drove back home.
"Wow! I can't believe we just did that," I said, still naked on the passenger side.
"That was amazing, E. This was the best date ever," she said, giggling. "Seriously though E, you are amazing."
I smiled. She has this way of always making me feel loved no matter what. I was very tired from our fucking session in the parking lot. I dozed off in the car. Once we reached home, Kirstin woke me up. We made love twice before finally calling it a night.
The next morning, I woke to the sound of my phone vibrating. It was 4:30 AM. I looked at the phone. It was a message from mistress.
"Meet me at school in an hour. Don't be late." That's all she said.
Still tired from my escapades last night, I reluctantly left the bed and made my way to take a quick shower. If I have any hope of getting to school in an hour I will have to be quick. I have to get to school, talk to Carrie and convince her not to do this. I can't continue this. She'll have to listen to reason. She can't.. no, she won't blackmail me. She cares for me.
As I was getting dressed, Kirstin opened her eyes and looked at me, still lying in our bed.
"What time is it?" she asked. "It's a quarter to five. I have to go early today and prepare the exam paper for Friday. I didn't get much work done yesterday, did I?" I lied.
"Oh. Okay. Drive safe," she said as she went back to sleep.
I left the house just in time to reach the school at the correct time. Five minutes before five thirty, I finally arrived at the school. I was about to park my car in the staff parking, when I received another message.
"Park your car in the parking lot a block down from here and walk back to school. Meet me at the back gate."
That's weird. Why would she want me to park my car so far away? I decided to comply before I could talk with her and clear everything up. Walking back from the parking lot took me five minutes. At precisely five thirty, I was standing at the back gate of the school, but there was no sign of mistress.
I waited for another ten minutes, but I was getting restless. Just as I was about to leave, I heard her coming.
"Strip." That's all she said as she walked towards me.
"No, first we need to talk," I said firmly. I am going to put an end to this today.
"We'll talk when I say we will. For now, STRIP," she said. I was surprised by the authority in her voice. I felt like a little girl being scolded by her mom. I looked around. It was still isolated. No one will be at school for another half hour. I stripped, removing what little clothing I had. She held her hand in front, I handed her my shirt, skirt and coat, standing naked in front of the school back gate. I was getting aroused. I could feel my nipples hardening as my pussy moistened.
"Get on all fours and follow me. Be quick. We don't have much time. I'm sure you don't want to be caught like this," she said as she entered the school through the back gate. I got on all fours as I followed her into the school. She led me straight to the principal's office. She opened the door with her key, and led me inside. Why did she have the key to the principal's office? More importantly, why was I here?
"I want you to get up, climb on the desk, spread your legs and pretend you are masturbating," she said.
"You can't be serious. I am not doing that, Carrie," I said as I got up confidently.
"If you want your clothes back, do as I say. And if you question my authority on more time slut, I swear to god I will leave you like this in the school and send all the photos I have to Kirstin and all your friends and family," she said coldly. How did I not see this side to Carrie? She's such a bitch. But she was right, I have no choice, I can't afford to defy her.
Reluctantly, I climbed on the principal's desk. I spread my legs and moved my hands between my legs, pretending to masturbate.
"Spread them all the way. And pretend like you are enjoying this because I'm sure you are." I spread my legs as far as I could and started to move my hands as if I was masturbating. Carrie pulled out a video camera from her purse and started filming. I wanted to stop, I really did. I know all I was doing was giving her more material to blackmail me with, but I couldn't risk her walking out and leaving me like this. The keys to my car were also in my jacket. Accidently, I touched my pussy while pretending. God, it felt so good. Soon I was actually touching myself. I was getting wet as my hand moved vigorously over my pussy. An orgasm was approaching and it was a big one. Just as I was about to cum, I felt Carrie pull my hand away.
"Did I allow you to cum?" she said, looking at me furiously. "I should have known better after last night, a slut like you just can't control yourself." She put the video camera away but took out her phone and snapped a few pictures of me in this vulnerable position.
We left the principal's office which smelled like my vagina. Surely as big a pervert as our principal is, he will notice this. I followed Carrie on all fours around back to the auditorium. Once we were there, Carrie asked me to go to the stage and pose. I knew better than to question her again, so I complied. I posed several times, with each pose more provocative than the other as she clicked more pictures of me on the stage.
I glanced at the clock and realized that it was time for the staff to arrive. I was getting scared. I can't afford to lose my job, especially not like this. Carrie must have noticed my concern as she looked at her wrist watch.
"Follow me to my office and stay behind me. I'll make sure you don't get caught by the cleaning staff," she said as she left the auditorium. I followed her, on all fours, as fast as I could. She took the stairs to the fifth floor. Just as we opened the door on reaching our destination floor, she stopped.
"Hey, How are you Jo?" she said. I hid behind the door. Shit! Jo is a physics teacher. I hate her; she's always been a bitch to me about me being a lesbian. She's always teasing me about checking her out and not being able to keep it in my pants. Yes, she is very hot, but her arrogance is off putting and, frankly speaking, a little bit of a turn off for me. She is tall and lean, with a very beautiful face. But her biggest assets are her well-proportioned boobs and ass. At five foot and eight inches, she easily towers over me, but her 34D breast and round bubble butt make me feel like a little boy. Yes, I know I have checked her out more times than I care to admit, but can you really blame me?
"What's up?" Jo asked. "Where's your best friend, Eva?"
"She's late as usual," Carrie said.
"I've got to tell you, Carrie to be careful of her. You're new. You don't know her. She's a vixen when it comes to women. She made a move on me first, but I stopped her. You have to be careful because I think she has her sights on you." That bitch! I never made a move on her. I felt like punching her, but controlled myself when I remembered that I was still naked.
"I will, don't worry," Carrie said. "See you later." I heard Jo leave. "She's gone, you can come out. The coast is clear," Carrie said. I quietly followed her to her office. Once inside, she bolted the door.
"Now say what you want to say," Carrie said.
"I can't do this Carrie, please; I can't do this to Kirstin. Please don't force me to do this."
"You don't have a choice, Eva. I hold all the cards here. I have the photographs and the videos and I will distribute them if you defy me one more time."
"I thought you were my friend, you cared for me. Why are you doing this?" I asked, hurt. I really thought she would back down. I can't believe I made such a horrible judgment of her character. This is what happens when you think with your cunt.
"Because I like doing this. I like having control over your life and most importantly, I am doing this because I CAN."
I stayed quiet, too shocked with the recent turn of events to say anything.
"Now, as for your next set of instructions. I want you to call Principal Red and tell him you are sick and can't make it to work today. You'll be spending the day with me in my office naked serving me," she said. I don't think my mind could register any more shock as I felt this was not that bad.
I called and told Mr. Red that I was not feeling too well and that I'll be on leave for today. He made a few sexual remarks over the phone - that pervert - but he did grant me my sick leave.
"I am now going to open this door. You can stay in front of my desk on all fours if you want but I think you'll prefer staying under my desk to guard yourself from being seen by anyone coming. I get a lot of visitors, being the supply manager. So it's your choice." She said this as if the first option was really worth considering. I crawled my way under her desk, feeling scared.
She came around the desk to sit on her chair. She adjusted her legs so that there was one on either side of me. She then opened her drawer and took out a bowl. Handing the bowl to me she said, "You can pee in it if you like or pee yourself, I really don't care. But remember if you get the floor dirty you are going to be the one to clean it with your tongue. You are not leaving this office today no matter what."
I took the bowl and kept it on the floor. I had a feeling this was going to be a long day.
To be continued...