"I really hate the sun" Ethan said, stretching his arms above his head. He wore heavy shades on his eyes, and not much else as he lay sprawled on out a beach towel. Beside him, Bryce sat scrolling on his phone. Four days into the vacation, he had finally run out of basketball shorts, and his bright blue trunks suited his pale skin tone. Scattered freckles spanned his broad shoulders, which were steadily turning red.
A few days ago, he may have opted to be in the water with Kat. She swam and splashed, a human shaped speck on the horizon. She hadn't come back in over an hour. Though he couldn't see their faces, Kat knew that the two other specks with Kat were a pair of girls around their age, also having a beach vacation. Despite being drunk, Kat had managed to get Chloe's number at the club somewhere between doing shots together and falling drunkenly off tables. The next day, she and Chloe met up with Chloe's friend Brittany, and it was a match made in heaven. The three girls had become fast friends, probably because the other two shared Kat's love of partying.
"Ah yes, so logically you strip naked and lay out" Bryce replied. He dropped his phone into his lap and leaned back on his palms. The slight curve of his belly was accentuated by a patch of untamed hair, dark against his skin.
"I don't know how to tell you this, but letting the sun touch your skin? That is the only way to get tan" It was a sharp contrast, this version of Bryce and the Bryce that had sat wordlessly in the car during their drive south.
"I just burn whenever I get into the sun" Bryce muttered, glancing at his shoulders. The skin was a deep pink, a sure sign of future peeling and brand new moles.
"That is why you use bronzing lotion. Or do you think I am naturally this hot?" He said, gesturing down with his hand. Every inch of his skin shimmered, rich and golden. The muscles he had painstakingly developed were on full display, and plenty of people had noticed. Perhaps they thought he could not see them, his own gaze hidden behind his sunglasses. Perhaps they did not care if he saw them looking.
"So, the lotion and the speedo" Bryce mused, his eyes flicking across Ethan's body "you need those things to get guys?"
Ethan snorted. "Fuck no, I do this for me" He rolled onto his stomach, hoping to keep his tan even.
"Bullshit. No way it is comfortable to shove your dick into that thing" Bryce said, plucking at the string of his trunks, phone forgotten.
"Depends on what you think of as comfort, I guess" Ethan mumbled, nuzzling his head into the crook of his arm. He breathed deeply, inhaling the scent of his warm skin, the lotion, and the salty ocean air.
"Okay smartass. Comfort as in I think it would be uncomfortable to deal with your dick stuffed into such a something so small" Ethan didn't need to look at Bryce to see his smile. It so happened that Bryce really enjoyed when someone mouthed off to him.
Maybe that is what he initially liked about Kat
Too bad he wasn't nearly as practiced as Ethan.
"I knew it, you've been looking at my dick!" Ethan exclaimed. Bryce's head whipped toward him, mouth falling open in protest. Before he could say anything, Ethan continued "Or, wait. Is this your way of telling me you have a big dick?"
"I-neither" Bryce stammered
"Oh, so your dick is small?" Ethan continued mercilessly, his voice carrying down the beach.
Bryce was glancing around nervously. Thankfully, it seemed that nobody had heard. He turned his attention back to Ethan, a wrinkle forming between his brows.
"No, my fucking dick is not fucking small" he half-whispered.
Ethan raised his hands as if to fend him off "Mercy, mercy. I'm sure your dick is huge" He chuckled at the furious blush that was making its way across Bryce's face. Soon enough, his face would match his shoulders.
Before Bryce had decided how to respond, Ethan's phone dinged. An all too familiar trill sounded, letting him know that someone had messaged him. Swiping his thumb up on the screen, he unlocked the phone.
You horny?
There was an image attached -- a long, well-muscled torso. Smooth brown skin decorated in various places with tattoos. Thousands of dollars of ink.
Ethan hadn't been horny, but he could certainly be persuaded. Next to him, Bryce still had his attention and interest, but that was no reason to deny himself a good fuck.
Dependshe typed in responsewhat do you have for me?
It took less than a minute to get a response. A single attachment. Ethan tapped it and the photo opened, revealing a thick, pretty dick hanging hard and heavy between a pair of toned, muscled legs.
Heat spread down Ethan's spine. Quickly, he typed outFuck, I'd like to get me some of that
Then let me give you some baby. I can come to you. You good with a blow and go? I gotta get back to work
Ethan didn't hesitateFuck yeahHe typed out the relevant details for his hotel suite in a second message and sent it.
Fifteen minutes baby, get that throat ready and I'll come thru
Ethan jumped up, scattering sand everywhere. Bryce looked at him, startled.
"Jesus, you okay?" He grunted. His face was still pink.
"Not feeling that great...stomach ache" Ethan mumbled. He bundled his towel in his arms and hurried toward the hotel.
He shivered when he entered the lobby, whether from the air conditioning or his excitement, he didn't know. His stomach fluttered a bit as he made his way off the elevator and back into the suite. Silent and empty, it sat unchanged from this morning. Crossing to the sliding door, he pulled the blinds closed, dimming the living room considerably.
He considered showering and then decided against it. He didn't have enough time. Besides, he looked fucking good right now.
It was a bit of a challenge, deciding where to place himself in relation to the door. It sat unlocked as he waited. Nervous anticipation spread through his body as he got onto his knees, staring at the bright line of light beneath the door. Eventually, after what seemed like an eternity, shadows appeared in that bar of light as someone arrived at the door.
There was no knock, no warning. The door simply swung open softly. A tall, broad chested man stood silhouetted by the light of the hallway. He didn't say anything, simply stepped inside and closed the door behind him. As he approached, Ethan could see that he wore a button down with a blue tie, and a set of slacks. Both were tailored, expertly hugging his body. A Rolex gleamed on his wrist. Maybe a lawyer? Ethan could not possibly care less.
The man came to a stop in front of him, crossing his arms expectantly as if to say "Get to work"
Not the kind of thing you needed to tell Ethan twice. Reaching forward eagerly, he slid the man's zipper down. He yanked excitedly on his slacks, pulling them to his knees. Leaning forward, he rubbed his face on the silky material of the man's boxers. He heard a sigh above him, and felt the man's cock becoming harder beneath him. Looking up, he made eye contact as he dragged his tongue along the man's length through his boxers.
"Fuck yeah baby" he whispered, his voice deep and gravelly. "Come get this dick"
Ethan slowly pulled on the waistband of his boxers, freeing the man's cock fully. It bounced out, half-hard with a delicious looking curve. His tongue flicked out, rubbing at the head. His first dick in weeks. He could barely contain his moan as he wrapped his mouth wetly around the heavy mushroom head.
His fingers ghosted upward, feeling along the man's furry balls. They were heavy and firm in his hand. He rolled them in his fingers, feeling the cock in his mouth become fully hard. Without breaking contact, Ethan sunk further down. He sank down until he swallowed it whole.
The man growled as Ethan's lips made contact with the base of his cock. He dug strong fingers into Ethan's hair and yanked him back, pulling his cock out of Ethan's throat, before he thrust back in. He set at a a furious pace, stabbing into Ethan's throat like a machine.
Ethan's cock was trapped painfully between his legs as he was face fucked. The man gripped both hands on his head, throwing the full weight of his pelvis into every thrust. His balls clapped heavily on Ethan's chin, filling his head with their musky, masculine scent.
Man this is the fucking lifeEthan thought to himself as drool began to drip down his chin and onto his bare chest.
The quiet suite was filled with the man's grunts and Ethan's whimpering moans as they went. He heard quiet sounds from the hallway as other people passed by, unaware of what was going on less than 20 feet away.
The man fucked in deep, quick thrusts. Occasionally, he shoved in as far as he could go, almost to the point where he could shove not just his dick but also his balls into Ethan's mouth.
If you're looking for a gag reflex, you're not gonna find it here buddyEthan thought triumphantly as his oxygen diminished. The already dark room became fuzzy on the edges of his vision.
The man pulled out all at once, suddenly, and Ethan was able to take a deep breath. Not wasting a second, he sucked the man's balls into his mouth. He lolled them across his tongue, savoring the taste. The cock in his hand was large and wet, and it twitched as he jerked it in time with his tonguing.
"You want this nut boy?" The man whispered above him, knowing the answer. Pre-cum dribbled down Ethan's hand toward his wrist. He licked it off slowly, moaning at the taste, before he sunk back down.
The man's balls pulled up toward his body as he skull fucked Ethan like a savage, grunting. His cock flexed inside of Ethan's throat, desperate to cum.
Maybe it was the sounds the man was making, or maybe it was the sounds Ethan was making. Either way, neither heard the door open. Neither reacted to the brief moment of light that flooded in from the hallway. The two men in the living room were far too focused as Ethan crashed up and down on the heavy cock in front of him.
"Fuck, fuck fuck" the man cried out, falling over the edge.
Ethan locked eyes with Bryce just as the first blast of cum sprayed into his throat. He couldn't do anything but stare wide-eyed as the man's body pulsed. Cum flowed from the edges of his mouth as his mouth became too full.
With a moan, the man pulled his cock out of Ethan. Not breaking eye contact, Ethan swallowed the hot load and licked his lips, seeking out extra cum and devouring it hungrily. His own cock still pulsed, hot and heavy, inside his speedo.
Only when his pants were back on did the man finally seem to notice Bryce, nearly jumping out of his skin when he saw him just standing there.
"Shit, dude. Uh-sorry. Didn't realize you had a friend. I gotta go, my break is over." He buttoned his slacks quickly, smoothing the wrinkles in his shirt with his hands. He walked past Bryce, stopping at the door to look back once, his mouth forming a smirk. "Hit me up if you wanna link again before you leave". A dark look crossed Bryce's face, but the man was already walking out the door and down the hall.
Left alone with Bryce, Ethan wasn't sure what to say. He stood, cock rock hard and tenting his speedo, and ran a hand through his hair.
"Uh-sorry Bryce. I didn't hear you come in"
He was silent for a while, staring at him from his place near the door. Then, quietly, he said "You said your stomach was hurting"
Ethan sighed. "Yeah, look I really am sorry. This is kind of embarrassing. He messaged me and said he only had this time to meet. So you know, I did what I had to do"
"Yeah. Um, yeah" Bryce said, averting his gaze. "I should have, um. Probably knocked, I guess."
Ethan walked over to him, clapping a hand on his shoulder. Bryce jumped at the contact, but did not lean away.
"No need to apologize. I'm cool if you are" Ethan said, feeling strangely guilty
Bryce shook himself. "Yeah, yeah I'm cool." He stared intently at Ethan for a moment. "It's just-"
"What?" Ethan asked, tilting his head to the side.
Bryce didn't respond, just reaching out with his hand. His thumb was rough as it swiped along his chin, gathering the cum that lingered on his face.
Bryce held his thumb up, looking curiously at the spunk he'd gathered. Without thinking, Ethan leaned forward and took it into his mouth. His tongue swirled around Bryce's finger, sucking it clean.
Bryce's pupils dilated slightly, his thumb twitching inside Ethan's mouth indecisively. With a start, he pulled it out with a pop.
Ethan's hearing must have still not recovered, because a moment later the door opened.
"God, why is it so dark in here?" Kat's voice called. Chloe and Brittany stood further back, dripping onto the carpet.
Before either of them could respond, she came inside. The wet sound of her suit was irritating, Ethan decided. Her shoes slapped as she went into the master bedroom. The girls followed her into the suite, heads together while they applied filters to their newly acquired bikini photos. They cast appreciative glances at Ethan, who's cock had not quite managed to become fully soft, his speedo tight around his bulge. Bryce might have not been there at all.
"Fuck you guys for leaving me behind, by the way" Kat called from the bedroom. She passed the door, naked except for a pair of panties, as she went to work drying her hair. She walked back into the living room as she pulled a purple dress that could be best described as "loud" over her head. "Ethan, I'm not mad at you, do whatever you want. Bryce, you're a piece of shit"
Sufficiently distracted, Bryce rounded on her. Ethan took the opportunity to duck into his room. He closed the door as the sound of raised voices filled the living area.
He was in a shitty mood, Ethan realized. He'd finally gotten some dick, and of course it had to be ruined. His cockached. He thought about going to work, resurrecting his cock and getting himself off, but that wasn't what he wanted. He wanted a good old fashioned, authentic, gut-wrenching orgasm. The need squirmed beneath his skin, a persistent itch he could not scratch.
Chloe and Brittany joined them for dinner. Ethan sat shirtless and cross legged on the couch, his hair still wet from his shower, as he went to work devouring the pizza in front of him. The funny thing about vacation, he noticed, was that you were so busy doing nothing that you often forget that you have needs like eating until you are fucking starving.
Bryce sat next to him as they ate and watched a trashy show featuring policy body camera footage. Belligerent drunks in beachwear fought officers from the back of their squad cars, arms pinned back by handcuffs, as they sucked on beers and laughed at the spectacle. Just over the edge of the couch, the three girls sat together at the table, each scrolling on her phone.
"So this place is well known for letting girls in for free, my friend who came here last year for spring break told me all about it." Brittany was saying excitedly. "I want to do some body shots"
"I've ALWAYS wanted to do those" Kat practically shouted. "Do you think we can walk there or should we get an Uber?"
Bryce groaned from his spot next to Ethan, but did not say anything. Apparently, Kat had successfully won the argument this afternoon after announcing her intention to go out again tonight.
Maybe that is why she likes having those two around so much
"You coming with Ethan? I'm sure there will be some hot guys there" Kat asked. Brittany and Chloe rolled their eyes. They had been extremely disappointed, to say the least, to find out that Ethan exclusively played for the other team.
"Nah, I'm good I think. All the sun and drinking is making me dehydrated. I'm super thirsty these days" Ethan said, catching Bryce's eye. Feeling bold, he quirked his mouth into a half smirk and winked. He could almost see the memory replay in Bryce's mind of him, on his knees, Adam's apple bobbing as he swallowed all that cum. Bryce cracked a half smile before remembering himself. He glanced away quickly, drawing deeply from his beer. He misplaced the distance, almost fumbling as he placed it on the tabletop. Four other bottles, all empty, sat in front of him.
Once plans were finalized, the girls departed in a rush. The club, it turned out, was in fact close enough to walk to. Ethan disappeared onto the balcony less than ten minutes after they'd left. He sat out there, glued to his phone. Every few minutes, he tapped out a message. His fingers moved clumsily as he conveyed his anger to Kat via text.
It is going to be a long ass night if he just sits there fighting with her
Ethan slid the door to the balcony open and stepped outside. Bryce glanced at him for a moment, but said nothing as he turned back to his phone. He seemed to be focusing even more intently on it now.
Ethan said nothing, just sat in another one of the chairs at the table. He took a swig of his beer and leaned back, letting the cool breeze roll over him.
"She always fucking does this"
Ethan opened his eyes. Bryce had not looked up from his phone. The words felt like a peace offering, a white flag waved over the events of the afternoon.
"Elaborate, if you feel like it" Ethan rolled his shoulders, leaning back once more. If Bryce wouldn't look at him, he would return that energy.
"She always goes out even when I ask her not to"
"She does like to party. I don't think that is going to change any time soon"
Bryce finally looked at him. "It wouldn't be so bad if she could control herself. But you know how she gets"
Ethan said nothing. All of this had been said before, and if he was being honest, he was tired of hearing it.
When is he going to just man up and leave?
"She's also shit with money. Did you know she blew our grocery money last month on weed and coke? Always complaining at me about how much money I make, and then she does that"
Bryce tossed his phone down on the table. It seemed that Kat had decided to stop responding. "Then she goes and begs her mom for money, and you know they hate me. Constantly dragging me to shit with them that I don't want to do and we can't afford. The only thing we even have in common is we like to fu-"
Bryce's mouth snapped shut suddenly. He looked away from Ethan and pretended to watch the ocean, ears red.
A wave of sympathy ran through Ethan. He felt bad for Bryce, he had to admit. Going through all of this for Kat.
She's such an asshole. He deserves better
"I know" he said quietly. Bryce looked at him, eyes wide.
"Y-you know? You know what?"
"I know that she isn't putting out. She told me the first day we got here. She...well, she seemed to find it funny" Ethan finished, knowing what he was doing before the words left his mouth. But he didn't care. "Being in a relationship seems hard. I personally don't want to be worried about another person's feelings, or being told what to do all the time. Sometimes, I just want good company. That and good dick" He laughed, hoping to lighten the mood.
It seemed to make Bryce thoughtful, instead. "Is that why you invited that guy over today?"
"Yes. I've been practically busting out of my skin on this vacation. I worked my ass off all semester and have not had fun in so long, I'm pretty desperate." Ethan sighed for dramatic effect. "Unfortunately, the guy from today didn't quite hit the spot"
"Why not?" It was hesitant, quiet. Ethan found himself speaking quickly, eager to get the thoughts out of his own head.
"Don't get me wrong, he had a nice dick. I mean, you saw it. But I didn't get to cum. I need to get fuckedhard. One time, this guy facefucked me so hard he made me cum."
"Holy shit, no fucking way" Bryce said. Ethan noticed with satisfaction that, despite his screen lighting up with a notification, he completed ignored the phone in front of him.
"Yeah, Kat loves that story" Ethan grinned at the lie.
Cool annoyance crept back into Bryce's features. After a moment, he said "Ethan, if I ask you a question, will you be straight with me?"
Ethan resisted the urge to make a joke, it felt like low-hanging fruit. Maybe he had drank more than he thought. He did his best to put on a straight face and nod solemnly.
"Did...when Kat came to visit you a few weeks ago, did she cheat on me?"
Ethan dropped his eyes to the beer bottle in his hand, rolling it slowly between his palms as he chose his words carefully. He had the sense that a lot rested on this moment.
"I have never seen Kat cheat on you" he said. Bryce visibly relaxed, the tension melting from his shoulders. "But...she didn't stay at my house a few weeks ago."
It took a moment. Then it was like a light switch had been flipped inside Bryce's brain.
"Son of a bitch!"The empty bottle smashed against the wall, scattering glass everywhere. Ethan was too shocked to move for a moment, but Bryce was already furiously typing on his phone. Ethan leaned over, and could see that he was writing in all caps.
CALL ME RIGHT NOW
"Bryce" he whispered, grabbing his wrist. Bryce looked up at him, fury in his eyes. "Don't tell her I told you. Please."
The storm receded a few inches. He gave a curt nod. At that moment, his phone began to buzz insistently. Bryce answered curtly, and Ethan could hear the club music filtering through the call.
"I'm going to wait inside" Ethan says quietly. Bryce gave a quick jerking nod, craning to listen as Kat speaks over the music.
Instead of going into the living room, Ethan passed through the open door to the master bedroom. The place is a bit messy, despite the daily visits from the room service staff. He could see towels on the floor of the en suite bathroom, looking ragged and waterlogged. The sound of Bryce and Kat's argument floated into the room on the evening breeze, the gauzy curtains fluttering lightly.
Ethan laid on the unmade bed, taking in the sound from outside.
He deserves better...
Putting him through all of this...
She's not even fucking him...
I wonder...
Ethan slid his hand over his crotch, feeling the blood flow to his cock. Images and thoughts came to him, fluttering through his mind like a reel of film. The soft linens below him, the sensual night breeze, even the argument outside became erotic. Ethan moaned quietly, slipping his hand into his shorts and gripping his cock.
He hung his head back, looking at the world upside down as he removed his shorts entirely. It felt so wrong to lay in someone else's bed completely naked, but that made it so much hotter. Bryce was just feet away, pacing on the balcony. When he passed, a shudder ran through Ethan.
All he has to do is look up...
It may have been the seventh, or thirteenth, or thirty fifth pass, but it finally happened. Bryce looked up and his angry expression melted off his face. He stood, shocked, as he watched Ethan jerk off on his bed.
Being discovered felt too good. Ethan let out a moan, knowing that Bryce could hear, that he was listening. Reaching up, he pinched a nipple in between his fingers. His other hand dragged harshly along the length of his cock. His tongue crept out of his mouth, licking his lips in a vain attempt to recall the cum that had coated them earlier. Ethan hoped beyond hope that Bryce could see the wetness his tongue has, what he is offering.
Bryce stood on the other side of the door frame, no longer speaking into the phone. The only thing that stands between them are those fucking gauzy curtains. So thin, so easy to push aside.
Oh my fucking god, he's hard. He's fucking hard, fuck yes
Bryce's cock stood away from his body, undeniably erect. Ethan whimpered.
It looks so fucking heavy, fuck
Ethan can't take it. He has to do it. Has to reach out and try to grab this opportunity.
Carpe diem, Kat. Fuck youEthan thinks, opening his mouth wide. He opens until his jaw aches, holding it there to silently tell Bryce what he wants.
Will he do it?
A mischievous smile forms on Bryce's lips as he speaks.
"You know what babe? Don't worry about it" The sound of his phone being slapped onto the glass tabletop is loud. Ethan was half sure that Bryce cracked the screen, but neither of them paid any mind.
Bryce ripped the curtains out of the way, moving faster than Ethan thought possible. From his upended view, everything is a blur. He saw Bryce rushing toward him, saw Bryce drop his hand to his waistband as hepulled, ripped his shorts downward-
Then Bryce shoved his cock into Ethan's mouth.
Bryce let out a gut wrenching moan as he slid home. His cock was so big that Ethan felt sure he would suffocate, but he didn't care one bit. He finally felt full.
Bryce wasted no time, immediately fucking into Ethan's throat even further. His cock is so swollen from weeks of neglect that it felt like a hammer in Ethan's throat. He battered Ethan's esophagus with complete abandon, like a man dying of thirst who has stumbled into an oasis. His balls are hairy and huge, clapping on Ethan's face as he fucks him. They smother his eyes and nose, and Ethan is stretching, trying in vain to get them into his mouth too.
They must be so fucking full
Bryce's body curls around him, angling the best he possibly can as he drives in deep again and again and again. Bryce alternates between gripping the sheets and gripping Ethan's hair in his fists. In no time, drool is pouring out of Ethan's mouth, running in small rivers past his eyes. Ethan's throat makes sounds involuntarily.
gak gak gak gak gak
He somehow managed to regain the presence of mind to get his hand on his own cock again. Untouched, it twitched against his stomach, pre-cum steadily leaking out and dripping onto him like a faucet.
I can't believe how fucking big it isEthan felt stretched to the limit, he could not handle any more even though he desperately wanted all of it and more. Something about the denial that they had both been experiencing for such a long time made this so much better, like a dam that had finally failed under the weight of an ocean.
In what felt like no time, the coil in Ethan's belly was dangerously tight and at risk of snapping. He tried to hold on, to deny himself just a little longer and prolong this overwhelming feeling, but it's no use. He reached his limit and his body caved. With a choking moan around Bryce's cock, Ethan's cock erupted. Cum splattered all over his chest and abdomen like a hose. Ethan struggleed to keep his eyes open as his orgasm hits everywhere all at once, but he manages to see Bryce hovering over him, watching closely as Ethan continues to shoot cum forcefully.
"Fuck" he hears Bryce whisper. The next thing he knows, a naïve, greedy tongue is swiping over the head of his cock. Ethan whines around Bryce's cock as he sucks and licks the cum from Ethan. He takes Ethan's cock in his hands after it is clean and squeezes, pulling a few final drops to the tip that he licks off hungrily. Ethan might just pass out, even with Bryce still railing his throat.
Bryce's cock pulses wildly inside of Ethan. He is sure he can almost feel the blood pulsing in time with Bryce's heartbeat. His cock is rock solid, a steel rod that is rapidly losing its rhythm as his thrusts became more erratic.
He's gonna fucking drown me in cumEthan thought greedily. He tried his best to make his throat feel as good as possible. Whatever he could do to make his throat feel more warm, velvety, and inviting.
I want that load. That load that Kat was trying to make him save. No, no way. I deserve that fucking load. She can't have it
Blind with want, Ethan grasped Bryce's asscheeks in his hands. He marveled at the dusting of hair on them, wanted to explore every inch with his hands and mouth. He gripped Bryce's ass hard and rough, pulling him in time with his thrusts.
Bryce moaned, a man who's lost all his senses, his voice becoming higher and tighter. His ass flexed wildly in Ethan's hands as he chased the amazing sensation. He sounded almost inhuman.
Fuck yes, fucking cumEthan's mind chanted, screamed at him.
Somewhere far away, a door slams. Ethan could not care less, would not stop for anything. And for a moment, as he crashes inside, Bryce clearly feels the same.
"Bryce, where are you?" Kat's voice calls, slurring.
"No, no no no no no" Bryce whispers. With a muffled cry, he pulled his cock out of Ethan's mouth. It looks even more massive than it felt, with a pretty pink head and thick heavy shaft that are both glistening in Ethan's spit.
So close, so fucking close
Tears escaped Bryce's eyes as he shoved his wet cock back into his shorts, unsatisfied. He's moving quickly, panicked. He tossed Ethan's shorts at him, rolling him off the bed.
Ethan stumbles drunkenly out onto the balcony, still naked. Bryce slides the door closed behind him. Still trembling all over from his orgasm, Ethan puts his shorts on before collapsing into one of the chairs they had vacated a lifetime ago.
"Jesus, didn't you hear me calling you- WHAT THE FUCK" Kat's voice exploded from behind the door. Ethan's heart pounded in his ears as he nervously glanced around the corner.
The light to the bedroom has been flipped on. Bryce stands fully clothed, his hard cock still obvious in his shorts. He is arguing with Kat, who is wildly gesturing toward the bed.
It hits him like a freight train.
I came in their bed. Oh fuck, I shot my load all over those sheets.
Well, not all of it. Some of it had made it into Bryce's mouth.
God I want to breed his fucking throat
Did she know? Would she come out here and scream at him, confront him?
Would she-
"YOU WERE SUPPOSED TO BE SAVING IT. YOU'VE RUINED EVERYTHING"
Oh.
Oh shit, she thinks it's Bryce's cum
"I HOPE YOU ENJOYED YOURSELF, BECAUSE YOU CAN SAY GOODBYE TO SEX. YOU HEAR ME? YOU'RE. CUT. OFF" Kat's face was bright red as she yelled, the weight of the nights drinking pressing in on her.
Ethan's gazed followed Bryce though. His face was passive, almost peaceful, as he received this news. His cock was still hard between his legs. As he was verbally lashed, his eyes flicked to where Ethan hid.
Though his expression did not change, his cock gave a visible twitch.