Author's note: This is my first attempt at writing/publishing, but it is a work I have edited nearly 20 times, changing and altering, adding details as my wife has encouraged me to do. I started writing this in 2008, as we started to blossom in our sexuality, just imagining what it would be like. Some of this will sound like other stories, so if it looks like one of yours, take it as a compliment that I was inspired by what you had written. I've been trying to get the courage to publish and trying to finish the story in my mind. I have only written 3 parts so far, but I know where the story is heading, so I hope you enjoy. Things will get much more intense in parts 2 and 3, and this has lots of potential places to go with it. Hope you enjoy.
Once all of the other patrons had made their way out of the hotel bar, it was just Pete and his wife, Michelle, and the four men they had just met. Pete was somewhat in disbelief. For example, one of the men was Tommy, who reminded Pete of Chris Farley, the ill-fated movie star. Not quite as big, but every bit as clumsy. As Pete imagined her sucking on his cock, which was probably as unkempt as the rest of him was, he couldn't figure out Michelle's end game. Just looking at him, you could tell he was not the cleanest man around. There was perspiration quite visibly penetrating his dress shirt through his undershirt, and the frumpy way in which he walked, he was the kind of guy you just knew that he had an old pair of whitey-tighties on, quite possibly turned inside out so they would feel clean. And yet, here they were, and she was flirting with them.
What was she thinking picking up these guys? In Pete's mind, she was too pretty for them. These guys were either old or slobs or both, and while she was not of model quality, she was very pretty. At 5 ft, 3 inches, Michelle had a skinny, athletic, yet well-proportioned body, with smallish, pert breasts that sported beautiful, large, dark nipples. She had a beautiful smile, kind, brown eyes, long brunette hair, and reminded many folks of Anne Hathaway. She could have picked anyone out from the hotel bar, but these were the ones she wanted for whatever she had in mind. He couldn't figure it out.
You see, Pete and Michelle had agreed that in an effort to spice up their marriage, they would begin to act out their fantasies. This was their first opportunity to act on it, and they had agreed that she would be the first one to act out her fantasy. The only thing was that she had insisted on keeping it secret from him what she wanted. She only told him that nothing would happen that she wasn't ready for. He was expecting something like Michelle asking to be tied up, or maybe dancing and flirting with another guy just to get herself in the mood for some awesome sex. But he would soon find that he had underestimated her, and her fantasies, and even these guys.
She had obviously planned out the first details of the night, but not much further. "I want to you choose a bar for us that's out of town, so no one we know will see us while we play," she had said. He had asked her what she meant by "play," but she would not divulge. Based on her actions so far and her guardedness, Pete guessed that she was aiming to play with someone that looked like they could use a little fun, and this hotel bar was going to be the place, and these guys were the ones she had picked. Pete could feel the butterflies really start fluttering in his stomach at what might be ahead for them. For him. For her. This was just so out of character for Michelle, Pete could not fathom what he had unlocked inside her brain that she agreed to act these fantasies out.
She was dressed in a conservatively sexy manner. Enough to get guys to give her a second look, but not enough to openly advertise. She evidently wanted guys who would work for it. So she had dressed in a tight-fitting, short black dress with buttons down the front. When viewed from behind, it was about 3 inches from the bottom of her ass, tantalizingly close to exposing herself, especially when she bent over a little bit, but not ridiculous. She had worn a waist chain around it also, just to give her waist some shape. But it didn't flare out, nor did it hug her too closely. Anyone looking at her would have taken a second look, but probably would not have had any idea that she was wearing no underwear (as she had shown him was the case in the car), or that she had gone the entire evening with ben-wa balls stuck up her pussy. That little tidbit she had revealed to him just before zeroing in on this bunch of rather ordinary guys.
When they had arrived, the place was surprisingly busy. It was a nice bar as hotel bars go. It had a little waiting area with bench seats that opened out to the large hotel lobby. The main bar was a darkened room with high ceilings and square, dark wood tables surrounding a matching bar. The trim was silver, and there were a few paintings on the wall, giving a little bit of color to the room. The lights were dim, but not overly so, so that you could see who you were talking to, but not every detail about them. Perfect for meeting strangers. Off to one side of the bar was a small but functional parquet dance floor. Casual dance music played over the speaker system. They had chosen one of several high top tables that were available, and took a seat.
Over a couple of watered-down drinks, they listened to the sounds of the bar. The music was good 70's and 80's dance music, just what you would expect. "Kung Fu Fighting," "September," and "Dancing Queen" were the types of songs being played. They also overheard several conversations at different tables talking about a new kind of piping material. They both surmised that these must be men from a sales convention at the large hotel that housed the bar, and they were right. What surprised him was that aside from two women who Pete and Michelle could tell, by their casual conversation with the bartender, were local regulars looking for quick hook-ups, Michelle was the only other woman in the bar.
After a few dances with Pete, the two of them nervously engaged in small talk. Privately, Pete had been wondering what she had up her sleeve. For her part, Michele was nervously contemplating how to live out her fantasy, which was far more extreme than Pete had a clue about. What he didn't know was that she wanted to act out real fantasies she had carried with her for most of her life. These were not halfway, role-playing fantasies that would be fun for a while, but would grow boring. She wanted to start with a bang. What she didn't know was that she, too was in for more than she bargained for. After about an hour or so, Michelle got her first invitation to dance from another guy.
As they were talking and thinking, they both looked up, and saw a tall, dark-haired man with penetrating blue eyes approach. He had a small salesman's pouch for a belly and by Pete's estimate, looked like he was in his late forties. He was dressed in a dark polo shirt and gray slacks. He was clean-cut with cheap aftershave, and had his hair slicked back, but neat. In other words, he was a prototypical salesman, but looked like he meant well.
"I noticed that you guys have been talking for a while, but as you can see, you are the only woman here worth dancing with," he said. Tthen looking at Pete, he added "Do you mind?"
As Pete was getting ready to nod his head that it was fine, Michelle surprised everyone: "Oh, he's fine with it. Let's go!" As she was lead to the dance floor, she looked back at him with a smile that said that the game was on.
Well, isn't that wonderful,Pete thought.I guess I am supposed to be a voyeur in this fantasy," Pete thought to himself, along with "What in the world is she up to?" Deep down, he had an inkling, but this was a sudden surprise, and he wasn't sure he was on board with it. He quickly tried to wrap his brain around embracing the voyeur role, because despite his butterflies, he really wanted her to live out her fantasy. He had been working on her for the entire ten years of their marriage, asking her to tell him what she really wanted sexually, but he had been unable to get a straight answer. She was evasive about answering the questions.
Occasionally when he put the pressure on too hard for her to open up, she turned the tables, and asked him what his fantasies were. He could never admit how wild and extreme his fantasies were. Admittedly he had picked them up from watching more porn than she was aware of, and he didn't want to get into a fight about that. They were both devout Christians, but her background was based on shame, and porn was a forbidden thing. Staying married was more important to him than admitting his fantasies. So he would just try to nudge her into some things that were different from their usual routine, which was always a blowjob teaser for him to get him hard, followed by cowgirl to get her going, and then missionary for him to cum, followed by a vibrator for her to get to orgasm.
"We could try anal," he would offer up. "Anything that takes us out of the ordinary. We could have sex in a different room, maybe outside in the back yard? Anything. Come on, just give me a clue what turns you on, so I know what to do."
But she would quickly finish the conversation by giving him a blowjob and letting him finish in her mouth. She was clearly uncomfortable talking about this stuff. Despite how well he knew her, he couldn't tell if he was pushing her too far, or if he wasn't pushing far enough. He didn't know if it was her upbringing that made her this shy talking sex, or just a lack of confidence, or if she really was that cold.
After years of going back and forth and having no luck at getting her to admit her fantasies to him, he finally had had enough.
"This isn't working," he said to her one day. "I love you. I love our children. I love our family. I love everything we have together. You are my best friend, and I am still attracted to you. But we can't live like this sexually any longer. We have sex once or twice a month, and it is always the same routine. We are little more than kissing roomates. Is this what you imagined when we got married? It certainly isn't what I imagined."
After a few pensive moments, she quietly offered up, "No."
"Before we got married, you were a tomcat. We waited for sex until we were married, but we did everything else, and you were always wet and looking for action. Now I have to beg you to make time for sex, and you are never in the mood. I can tell that most of the time you do it just out of a feeling of obligation. What happened to that girl I dated back then? Where is she?" He immediately felt better after saying it. He had wanted to get it off his shoulders for a while. But he was also nervous about her reaction. He knew that if he went too far, and she would just go into a shell.
"I don't know," she said. "This isn't fun for me either, you know." Then after another moment, she added, "I was more turned on about things sexually back then, I guess. Sex was a mystery for me. It just isn't anymore."
"Then let's get that mystery, that edge back. What do you think we need to do?"
Pete was getting ready for the blowjob diversion, but instead she remained pensive, looking at some far off place. He stayed silent, hoping an actual answer was coming.
"Maybe you're right," she said finally. "Maybe we should try living out our fantasies, just force ourselves into it, and see what happens. I agree this isn't fun, and with all the mundane stuff we do with our jobs and the kids, we both deserve something adventurous." What she didn't reveal was that she had not really given herself permission to think about these kinds of things, and when she did, she felt so guilty about her imagination, she would shut that part of herself off.
Pete was happily flabbergasted at her response, but didn't want to let on to it too eagerly. "Michelle, are you sure? I've been trying for years to get you to open up and tell me just one of your fantasies, and you haven't bitten." Then after a second he continued, pleased with the progress, but still apprehensive. "Tell you what: rather than acting them out, why don't we just share some and see where we match, and go for those first."
"No. I know you probably don't believe me, but I have been thinking in the back of my head about this for a while. If we talk about them, we're going to get off for a while talking about them, but we'll never act them out, and eventually we'll go back to how we are now, and it will be even worse because we'll know we didn't have the courage to act them out. And I don't want that. I am just scared that we will offend one another if we really open up and cause irreparable damage to our marriage and family. We have worked hard for that."
"Are you sure you don't want to talk them out first?" Pete said. "You might not like my fantasies. And carrying them out has a certain amount of risk, too."
"Well, you might not like mine!" She quickly chimed in, with a teasing smile. "I don't know if this won't put us further in a hole than we already are. But I'm just like you. I'm happy with everything else that we've got going. I love you and our family and our life, but our sex life sucks. So let's just go for it, and trust that the other parts of our life together are strong enough to withstand the storm if this is not for us." She paused for a second, and then added, "But let me go first, so I can back out if I get too nervous."
"OK, what are we doing?"
She thought for a moment. "Just set us up with a couple of nights at a hotel somewhere where we won't be seen by anyone we know, and I'll form my plan."
She paused, then got a sheepish smile on her face. "I can't believe we're talking about doing this for real. I'm going to go big on the first one, so you will know that I'm serious."
So she has some fantasies after all, Pete thought to himself.
And that's what brought them up to this night. Pete had done what she had asked, had made a hotel reservation, and was now along for the ride, but this is not where he had expected the ride to go. He had expected a costume, maybe some showing off on the elevator, or for one of them to be tied up. But not this.
Once their new friend Jim had taken her for that first song on the dance floor, she had danced with everyone in his group. At their invitatio, Michelle and Pete had moved their drinks over to the guy's table. They were four guys from the same small company, all there for a plumbing supply convention. They sold plumbing parts to mom-and-pop hardware stores.
There was Jim who was quite obviously the outgoing one in their group, and the cleanest of the guys. There was Tommy, a slob in Pete's estimation, who was kind of a no-confidence, but hard to hate, guy. His button-down shirt had the company logo on it, but Pete wasn't sure the company would be proud of it. There was the perspiration marks coming through his undershirt; the shirt wouldn't stay tucked; and it looked like it had a few stains on it, maybe from lunch.
After Tommy there was Bob, who they found out had the longest tenure at the company, selling plumbing parts for the last forty-five years. He looked to be in his mid-sixties at least, and had begun to let himself go. His face was unevenly shaved, his hair was gray and a little bit greasy, and he had an aura about him -- "I don't give a shit what you think about me." He had on the same Polo shirt as Jim, but he was well overweight, and had dark, boring eyes. Pete noticed that of all the guys, Bob was looking at Michelle as if he didn't really believe what was going on, like this was a charade.
Then finally there was Mike. Mike was black. He had short, cropped hair, a round face, and wore glasses that made him look like the smartest of the bunch, like he won over customers by his knowledge of the products they sold. He seemed to get along with everyone, but he looked the most like he never imagined this would be what his life would come to, sitting in a hotel bar with these guys. He dressed like his buddies, and seemed to carry their same mannerisms. He joked with them, and clearly had a shared history with his co-workers. He was very skinny, and not too tall with cropped hair.
Looking at all of them, Pete noticed that none of them had on wedding rings, but knew that that didn't mean anything as far as relationships and such.
Michelle had obviously latched on to these guys, and had zeroed in on them at the expense of the six or so other groups that were at the bar. What had Pete befuddled was that this was clearly the "loser" group of the ones present. There were some guys at other tables that Michelle should have found attractive, with sharper attire, and more thought-out styles that they pulled off. Sure, some of them looked cocky and arrogant, but they were at least better looking. But this was the group she had chosen to do whatever was going to be done.
And the way that she was flirting with these guys and carrying on, Pete wondered if her fantasies involved going all the way with them. It seemed rather extreme based on the reticence she had about sharing her fantasies. Then Pete thought,Maybe that's why she didn't want to talk to him about her fantasies these years. They were taboo fantasies, at least for a marriage like theirs, and she didn't want to jeopardize her marriage to mention them, much less act them out.
He wasn't sure how he felt about all of this. He would be OK with a striptease for the guys, and maybe them touching her, but he wasn't sure about how he felt about her actually touching another guy's cock. Sure, like many guys, the idea of his wife putting her gifts and talents on display had its appeal; she was very sexy when she was in the mood, and she was an excellent cocksucker. He could imagine guys complimenting him about what a good looking wife he had, and really good in bed. But moving from fantasy to reality was a different animal altogether.
Things were moving along at a pretty quick pace this evening, and Pete was struggling to come to grips with what was obvious: she was putting his constant probing over the years to the test, and their marriage vows to the test as well. Pete was a mix of emotions about this. On one hand, he was so proud to see his wife letting go and could sense the sexual energy in her. On the other hand he was being asked to accept that her sexual energy was not directed solely in his direction, but to this entire group.
After one of her dances, they were all sitting around the table, and he saw her lean into Jim and begin whispering into his ear. The way his face lit up, she was clearly telling him that he was going to be a part of the rest of her night. She then pulled away, and Pete heard her say to him, "Just be patient."
Jim then leaned over to Mike, and began whispering into his ear. As he did, Michelle leaned over to Pete, and whispered to him, "Are you sure you want me to act out my fantasy?"
Pete thought for a moment, then realized that his cock was trying to pop out right through the jeans he had on. "My mind is nervous, but my dick says, 'Hell, yes!'" he said, pulling her hand to his crotch. "I am nervous, and I'm not sure what you have in mind, though."
"Pete, this will probably get intense, and will change our marriage, but I'm feeling courageous, and you've been begging me to live out my fantasies, which I am about to do. 'I think so' doesn't cut it. You're either on board now to the end of this fantasy, or we abort now and go back to our old life."
"What are we talking about happening?" he asked, trying to get a sense of what was to come. She had never looked so certain or intense in her life, even though he knew she must be nervous, or at least he hoped she was nervous. It might help to give her some pause if things got overwhelming.
"I can't say because things have yet to unfold, but I think you can tell that it will involve things that we have never done before, things with these guys. But I'm not making any other promises. Like I told you earlier, nothing will happen about which I am not prepared to deal with the consequences. Are you on board or no?"
Pete was torn. He so wanted to just go up to the room he had reserved and fuck his wife and apologize for starting this whole thing. But he also had never been more excited in his life. His heart leapt into his throat as he slowly nodded that he was willing to go through with it. "Yes," he heard coming from his mouth.
"OK, then. You're going to be the camera man, so go get it now. I'll hold the fort until you get back. And Pete, when you do get back, just follow my lead."
Pete complied. He quickly went up to their room and pulled out the video camera, and thinking that he was reading things appropriately, he straightened up their stuff to welcome guests.
When he got back, he had the camera in a bag, and Michelle was in the middle of a dance with Tommy. A few of the groups had left, and the others were picking up their stuff, getting ready to leave. The other girls were gone, so it was Michelle, the four guys, and now Pete had rejoined them.
"Let's go sit on the couches in the waiting room and talk about this evening," Michelle said to them when the bartender announced that the bar would close shortly. She pointed to the couches that were in the front parlor of the bar, and faced out to the hotel lobby, where other groups from the convention were coming in from a night of partying at the strip clubs or other bars.
When they sat down, Michelle sat in the middle of a couch, with Jim and Mike on either side of her, leaning in, hands on her knees, threatening to move up to her thighs. Bob and Tommy sat on the two flanking chairs, and Pete had moved a chair so that he sat across from Michelle, who had opened her legs up slightly, so he (and the rest of the lobby if they were looking) could have an unobstructed view of her bare pussy. Was that moisture he saw already on her outer lips?
Things were awkward for a minute until Michelle spoke up, dropping the bomb on all of them, including Pete, at the same time. She had been thinking of just what she wanted to say while Pete was up looking for the video camera. She went for it all.
"OK, guys, as I told you earlier, you're in for a treat tonight. Here's your treat: my husband Pete and I have been thinking of ways to jack up our sex life, which is pretty boring right now. I love him immensely, but we have to do something. So we've decided to start living out our fantasies. Tonight is our first night at this, and I'm going first. The only problem is most of my fantasies are contained within one scenario, and it goes like this." She slowed down to let it sink in, and measure her words. Pete and the guys shifted to the edge of their seats. "It is right now midnight, Thursday night. Pete and I don't have to be back in our hometown until Monday morning for work. I am giving you my body to do with as you please until 7:00 Monday morning."
While Michelle had a face of proud determination, the five men stared at her with open mouths, unable to comprehend what she had just said to them. There was a moment of complete silence while what she had said sank in for the lucky guys, and her shocked husband.
"What!" Pete said, incredulous. "Wait a minute here guys," Pete finally said. "Michelle, can I talk to you a second?" He stood up and pulled her aside, and began whispering nervously to her.
"Are you crazy! You're giving yourself to these men, and you don't hardly know them! Don't you have a smaller, less crazy fantasy than this?"
"Look at them," she said, her eyes fixed intently on his. "They're perfect for this. You can tell they're not criminals. They're just average guys. Guys that would normally never get anything like this. You asked me what my fantasy was, this is it. To be desired and used by a group of guys that wouldn't ever get to have a chance at something like this. To have many hands on my body, doing as they wish. To be a sex slave that finds pleasure in giving others pleasure. You don't know this, but just about every time you have asked me to give you a blowjob, I so wished that you didn't ask., but you just took my hair and forced me. I love the idea of being used."
"But what if they hurt you? What if they impregnate you? What if they have STD's? Shouldn't you set at least some sort of boundaries?"
Still whispering, Michelle responded. "I know this is weird, but I want to do this without boundaries. The risk of those things doubles the excitement for me. I am ashamed of this fantasy, and it has always been just that, but you're right. We need something new, or we're going to be that boring milktoast couple that everyone leaves out from the fun. I don't want that, and neither do you. I am scared and nervous and turned on beyond belief all at the same time, but you got me to go this far. Don't pull the rug out from me now, or I'm worried I'll never open up again."
"But what about our life? This could have real consequences."
"Didn't you tell me that you had had enough with how things were going? You wanted to know my fantasies. This is it. I love you, and I want us to be happy, excited, engaging once again."
Pete thought about it, and once again, his cock reminded him that he was thoroughly turned on by the possibilities. She was really taking it to the limit right away, though, far beyond the limits he imagined would be there. "Okay, Okay. But I want to witness everything that happens. And I get to share in being your master. I have a dirty mind, too." He forced a smile.
"Of course, honey. I love you, and you will always be a part of what happens to me. Come on." They turned around and faced the men.
"That was quite an invitation there, Michelle. I hope you haven't changed your mind," Jim said questioningly.
"No," Michelle said, "but Pete and I have worked out a safe word, so that if things are getting too extreme, he'll know that I'm uncomfortable and put a stop to things. And he stays and watches and films everything. Is that OK with you guys?"
Pete's jaw dropped. He could not believe she had just said that. She was actually daring them to test the limits, and what he and Michelle knew was that there were no limits, at least that they had talked about.We have no safe word.We've never needed one!He guessed then that she really wanted them to use her body, in the most demeaning sense of the word. He lifted the camera and started rolling. His dick felt so hard, he thought he could hammer a nail with it. Hopefully, his presence would keep things from getting out of hand, but maybe that's what she wanted.
"While you guys were talking to each other, we talked about our schedule, and this sounds like a deal we would be crazy to pass up," Mike said. "We've moved our schedules around, so we are good to go." All the guys nodded in agreement. "When do we start?"
"Right now," Pete said, trying to get himself into it. "You want to go back up to our room?"
The other three nodded enthusiastically and started to follow Pete, but Bob was a little bit skeptical that this husband and wife, who were clearly amateurs and had no idea what they were getting into, meant it, or knew what they were getting themselves into. He wanted to be sure they were prepared. "Wait," he said, loudly and with such intensity the others stopped and turned to look at him. He looked at Michelle with his dark eyes. "If this is real, then come here," he said to her, pointing to a spot right in front of his feet.
Michelle walked and stood before him a curious smile on her face. Michelle noticed that Bob turned his head briefly at the noise of twelve guys who had just gotten off the hotel shuttle and had loudly entered the lobby. She saw a wicked smile form on his face, then looking down she watched as he reached up purposefully with his large, meathook hands, took the top of her dress in his hands, and pulled down and out with such force that everyone in the lobby stopped what they were doing as they heard the garment tearing. They raised a collective gasp as all eyes were staring right at Michelle in her predicament.
He had completely torn off the buttons of her dress and she was trying desperately to cover up, the sleeves of the dress hanging on her elbows. Yet she did not scream or yell for help. He let her squirm for a few moments and then calmy, firmly, and evenly said, "Take it all the way off, slut."
Hearing that word did something strange to Michelle's mind. She had imagined being a slave for men, but she had always imagined being the one in control. She was the center of attraction, but in her mind it was in a private room, maybe a private home. This was public. He was asking her to get naked in a public hotel, and he was calling her a slut. He was taking control.
She remembered one time catching Pete one time as they walked on a city sidewalk. He was looking at a woman walking with the shortest of skirts and a crop top. She was angry, jealous, and envious all at the same time, but at that point of their lives and marriage, her anger at Pete and the woman easily won the battle. "Stop looking at that slut!" She had said to Pete, who sheepishly looked away. That memory came right back to the front of her mind. Nowshewas being that slut, only even worse. There was no skirt. There was no crop top. There was nothing. Her dress was ruined. It was then, with all eyes on her, that Michelle realized the appeal of being this way for that woman on the sidewalk, and she wished she could find her and apologize. This was unbridled sexuality, and it was powerful!
For his part, Pete's face twisted in anger. He started at Bob, ready to take him down. Bob was older and in far worse shape, and Pete knew he could take him.How dare he do that to his wife? But as he went, Michele held him off. "Pete, stop!" He looked at her, and she looked at him, staring right into Pete's soul. She then looked at Bob. "Right here? The whole hotel is looking at us! What if we get in trouble?"
"Did you, or did you not, tell us that you were giving us your body until Monday morning?" Bob asked, quietly but confidently, knowing that all eyes in the lobby were on this interaction between him and the most beautiful woman he had ever played with. "If you are serious, then do what I said."
Michelle paused for a second, knowing this was the moment of truth. Then she nodded her head and slowly and dramatically, pulled her dress off, letting it fall to the ground. Her nudity was now revealed to the entire lobby. The body that only Pete had seen since they were married was now on display, not only to the four new men she had met, but to the twelve men from the shuttle, who could not believe their luck in timing.
She then presented herself to Bob, faking her confidence. Yet in the back of her mind, she was starting to revel in her embarrassment. She wasn't sure what to do with that feeling, but decided to pay attention to it. Not once did she cover up, but instead she put her hands behind her head. She glanced over at Pete nervously, who had reluctantly returned to the camera and was recording her. Here she was, standing naked before this stranger, before all of these strangers, and her husband! She could not believe that she had put herself in this situation, but the chill of the air in the lobby and her excitement had made her nipples so hard they hurt, and she could feel her pussy creaming. What would they do when they realized the ben-wa balls were in her pussy?
Beginning to be convinced that this might just be for real, Bob stood up, and gently but firmly gripped her sides and turned her so that she was facing the lobby, which consisted of about twenty people, all of them men. There was her group, the men who had just entered from the bus, and the hotel worker behind the welcome desk. Michelle noticed that all of them were staring at her like they had won the lottery. She blushed. And then she felt a stinging slap on her rear end. It was from Bob. It was shockingly powerful, and she could feel the immediate redness on her right cheek. But it was like electricity to her. Despite the pain, her nipples and clit were sending signals to her brain that this is what they had longed for all her life long. Her clit hardened instantly, just like her nipples had been for a few minutes. She was barely able to stifle a moan.
"If you are giving yourself to us, then you don't question what we ask of you. When one of us tells you to do something, do it! Do you understand,?" Bob was revealing a side of himself to Michelle that she had not picked up on at all.
She was both scared and excited beyond belief. "Yes, sir I understand," she nodded lowering her head.
"Good. Now bend over and show me your ass and pussy." He sat back down and pulled her back to the spot where he had ripped her dress.
Michelle could hardly breathe. She was hyperventilating and at the point of cumming right in that moment, on the spot. What in the world was she thinking? She was letting a complete stranger, four complete strangers, fulfill her deepest, darkest fantasy, one that she had never shared with anyone, hardly even herself.
And she was doing it in front of her husband! And in public! She took the briefest of moments and looked around. You could have heard a pin drop, and a nuclear bomb could have gone off in the distance, and no one would have moved or said a thing. Everything within sight was focused on her.
She was heaving to catch her breath, so that her pert breasts were moving up and down. She also realized that she was gushing pussy juice. She slowly bent over, and as she did, a thought entered her mind: to do this right, she had to live this to the fullest. So she wiggled her ass and she even spread her legs for Bob to have better access. This was absolutely delicious. She was in ecstasy, showing her ass -- not just her ass, but her asshole! -- and her open wet pussy to someone she didn't know 2 hours ago.
Bob added: "Good! Now stay in that position, but grab your nipples and pull on them. Arch your back so these men can see that you are now our property."
Michelle complied, taking both her nipples between her thumb and index fingers, pulling them away from her body obscenely. If the slap on her ass was like electricity, the feeling that she was giving to her nipples, which had never before been sensitive like this, was just as strong.
She then felt Bob take two fingers and shove them up her pussy, and she gasped. They slid in like she was coated in butter. She was so wet that Bob was making a squishing sound with his fingers, as he curled them and straightened them, grazing her g-spot each time. She immediately started bucking and moaning. Then he straightened out his fingers and pushed deeper.
That was when Bob found the ben-wa balls. He thought for a minute as he plunged his fingers in and out of her now sopping wet love canal. This woman might really be serious about her commitment, he began to think. He looked around the lobby, searching his mind and his environment for one last test to see if she was for real. He pulled out his fingers, but her hips which had begun rocking with his fingers, kept grinding.
"Now slut, go around this lobby, and I want you to tell each person that you are a submissive slut, and that you want them to use their hands to guess what is inside your pussy with their hands." As he did so, he let his arm swing up and slap her pussy, just as hard as he had spanked her ass.
Just hearing him say those words and feeling her pussy be spanked caused Michelle to let out a less-stifled moan, as she came for the first time. Feeling bold, she even stated she was cumming for everyone to hear. She was more turned on than ever in her life. She had barely crested the wave of her climax, but remembered her instructions. Still holding her nipples out, and beginning to twist them back and forth, she walked over to the rest of her four masters, including Pete, and presented her sex to them, bent over and legs apart, making it easy for them to finger her.
Pete caught each man's eyes on tape as they widened upon finding the ben-wa balls, which Michelle later admitted were getting harder and harder to keep in because of the juices flowing from her pussy. There was a definite squishing sound as they plunged their fingers in and out.Certainly she will start drying up like she does at home, Pete thought. But she didn't. She just kept gushing and moaning, drawing even more attention to her. As Pete took in the sight of all of this, he felt his dick get wet with pre-cum.
When she was done with Tommy, Mike and Jim, and after she had presented herself to Pete and his camera, she then looked out at the rest of the lobby. This made her especially nervous. "Go and do the same thing to everyone else here," said Jim. Walking out into the open meant that security, or even police, could be called (if it hadn't been already), and that a security camera might pick up her wanton acts so the whole world could see. Again, she was nervous, but excited. Then she noticed the man behind the hotel desk, and saw his hungry eyes.Out with the old life, and in with the new one, she thought.
She sauntered over to the hotel employee first, still pulling on her nipples, but now pulling them apart. They were by now on fire, both from pain and how they were turning her on. Then looking him in the eye, she said, "what do you think I have in my pussy?"
He shrugged.
"Do you want to find out?" she offered, giving him a chance to back out if he was uncomfortable.
After he nodded, she quickly added, a little bit of teasing in her voice, "You won't get me in trouble with your bosses, will you?"
He shook his head, and said, "Lady, this is the sexiest thing I've ever seen. I won't do anything to jeopardize that.
"Good!" she said, relaxing a little bit more. She was far from relaxing sexually, though. She was just on the brink of cumming again. She had never come twice in a night, and she had never even remotely experienced a feeling of complete sexual abandon like this. Truth be told, she was wondering why she had waited so long to live this out.
As the hotel employee prepared to finger her, she noticed that he didn't have two fingers ready to penetrate, as had her new masters. He had three.
"Let's see how you take this," she heard him say. And then she felt him brutally jam the three fingers into her cunt. He immediately hit the ben-wa balls, causing her to gasp once again, as the balls were forced to the back of her pussy, causing some pain.
"Bend over further," he said, and she quickly complied. After jamming them in and out, in and out, he said, "I think I have a guess, but I'm going to have to investigate further."
She wondered what that meant, but didn't have to wait long. She felt him add yet another finger, stretching her beyond what she had ever been stretched before. It was painful, but she was so turned on that pain only registered as pleasure. So when he started pushing in and out, she had had enough and she went over the edge, orgasming again right in front of all of these strangers, at least one camera, and her husband. She then noticed that this orgasm was stronger than before. She quickly decided that she wasn't going to hold back either, so as she crested the wave, she let herself scream. "I'm cumming! Oh my God! I'm cumming!" She grunted and moaned with abandon over and over again. It took her about a half-minute to feel like her orgasm was dying down, but then she felt the biggest surprise of all. He had closed his fist, and was now trying to jam it up into her pussy, all at once!
He kept pushing and pushing, and as she came down, her extacy quickly turned to pain. She forced herself to stay still, though, and to counter the pain coming from her stretched cunt, she took her right hand and started to rub her clit, "Oh my God, it's so big, his whole hand is inside me," she kept repeating, loud enough so those around her could hear. She was starting to scream from the pain, when at last, she felt him get his fist completely in, and she quickly returned to cries of ecstacy. She looked around, and saw that many of those watching had pulled out their cell phones, and were recording her. This caused her to blush, but she was so far gone, she didn't say anything or try to cover her face.
She was so full, so stretched, she had never experienced anything like what was going on with her body and mind. Pete, who was filming at close quarters, announced to everyone with giddiness what the worker had done, which brought applause and a mob trying to get a good view. For his part, Pete was a ball of nerves, feeling a mixture of jealousy, pride, lust and love at what he was seeing.
The worker was now opening his fingers to get a grip on the ben-wa balls and kept opening and closing his hand around them. She came again quickly and screamed to the lobby to let them know of her orgasm. "I'm cumming again!!!" When she finally came down, he sensed it, and in one quick movement, he pulled his hand out gripping the ben-wa balls. This took the breath from Michelle, and she gasped, feeling like her pussy was gaping and empty. She was right.
The worker showed everyone what he had found. "I figured out what was in her pussy!" he exclaimed with dry wit and a smile as he held up his soaked hand with the ben-wa balls for everyone to see. Everyone laughed and applauded around them.
Michelle was bent over, one hand still pulling and twisting her own nipple. She was naked, perspiring, and felt spent. Her pussy was throbbing with pain, along with her nipples. She knew that she was being objectified, and the equal rights part of her that was a part of her life, part of her work, part of how she had raised her children, was mortified. And the whole thing was caught on camera, by not only her husband but all the other guests. But she had the biggest smile she had ever had. She felt freer in her objectification than she had ever felt, and her entire body felt like it was sensitive.
How will I ever top this?She thought.