Many thanks go to RF-Fast and FyreHeart for their editing and suggestions that enhanced the story. Any bad grammar left is wholly on me and my artistic style.
LEGALESE: Don't read this if you are underage, if it is illegal in your area, if it is offensive to you, or if you cannot distinguish fiction from reality. This is a work of fiction. All characters active are of the age of consent.
I don't consider myself a writer or author, I'm a storyteller. So please take that into consideration when you read it, it should be read like someone is telling you the story. I am not now, or never have been, an English major. So synonyms may be wrong, and the grammar may not be correct, but it is like people really talk. I've never talked to someone that had perfect grammar.
I write for my enjoyment and for thepatriotic peoplethat like it. If you don't like how and what I write, oh well. Don't read it. My feelings won't be hurt.
To all the true Americans in one uniform or another, THANK YOU FOR YOUR SERVICE! And remember, the greatest enemy of the United States Constitution andyourindividual freedoms and rights is not Red China, is not Russia, is not ISIS... no, the greatest threat to America is the American mainstream media hacks, their corruption, their dishonesty, and their rabid political bias toward the American Socialist Democrats.
For those of you that do like what I've posted so far, thank you and I hope you enjoy reading it as much as I did writing it.
- - -
One additional note for this story. The kernel of it was suggested by a reader named Darren. As usual, I took select bits and ran with it. Many thanks for prompting me to go in a direction I hadn't considered. There my even be a spin-off in the works.
Copyright (c) 2022 by Acup
- - -
In for a Penny
Happy fucking holidays!
- - -
You can only go a few days without water, and I was going fucking nuts after twenty-four hours.
Not that I didn't really have water. I had two cases of bottles sitting beside the door where the building management had dropped them off with profuse apologies. I could look out over the ocean but couldn't take a shower.
Bottles didn't include a hot shower. Bottles didn't include the ice maker. I can't tell you the number of times I went to the sink or toilet out of habit since yesterday. I had to find a bucket to flush the toilet. It had one of those pressurized bladders, not even a fucking tank to fill. Took longer to dump some bottles in the bucket than it did to take a piss.
I didn't really want to do this, but I dialed anyway.
"Hello?"
"Hey Mom." I could barely hear her over the shouting in the background.
"Titus, how nice to hear from you." Gee Mom, you think you could add just a little more sarcasm to your voice?
"You too Mom. I was wondering if it would be okay to drop by in a little while. The water is out to the building and I need to clean up a little."
"Of course honey, you can come over anytime. Your brothers and sister are in watching the game with your Dad."
No shit Mom! What else would you guys be doing today, somehow I didn't think you guys would be playing scrabble or having crossword contests. "I have to get a few things together, so probably half an hour or so."
There was a big cheer in the background. "Okay honey, we'll see you in a little bit." Then hung up, she had to get back to the game.
I shook my head as I put my phone in its clip, my family. I'm not sure who was the bigger disappointment, me to them or them to me.
To them, I was as close to the scourge of the earth and still be family as I could since I didn't live, eat, and breathe football.
Dad was a guard in college and Mom was a cheerleader. They melded together and had mostly little football fanatics. There are two large old pictures on the wall in the den, Mom in her old cheerleader outfit and Dad kneeling with a football on his knee in one of those old leather helmets.
He got knocked around a lot back then and never finished college. Grandpa said he'd had his brains scrambled one too many times. Grandma would scold him for saying it, but she didn't disagree with him. Many times I didn't either.
Dad had a fancy sounding union title he liked to rattle off, but those that knew, knew what he did. He was the 'field coordinator' for a company that took the food trucks out to the airport. He checked trucks in and out at the service gate because the FAA said somebody had to.
Mom had a job in an office for a while until Bill came along.
Brother Bill, community college Associate's degree in management. Parts house store manager.
Brother Fred, community college Bachelor's degree in management. Area supervisor for a small local convenience store chain.
Sister Gail, no degree, just seven years of college with many and varied majors. Secretarial pool at City Hall.
But on game day they were all FOOTBALL. Just below Mom and Dad's pictures were theirs.
Bill in an on field celebration after a bowl win. He spent the game on the bench for coming in high. The only reason he wasn't kicked off the team was they won and it was the last game.
Fred in a scrimmage picture. He got off the bench once in a while but usually was right back there after a few penalties... and maybe some broken bones on the other team.
Gail standing on the top of a stack of kneeling cheerleaders. That was the biggest joke of them all. They had to put a ladder behind them and cover it for her to stand on. None of the other girls wanted her fat ass up on top of them. She was ALWAYS on the bottom of the pyramid. She'd get pissed when I told her it was the uniform and cleavage that got her the husband.
Where was my big picture? Not up with the football hero's. My little picture was on the end of the mantle. Me in my cap and gown, my valedictorian sash prominently displayed. Graduated with a Master's in computer science and a minor in criminal justice. They came in just as I was stepping down from the podium, the game went long.
But my grandparents were there right up front, Grandma standing up pumping one fist, with thumb and finger of her other hand in her lips letting out a whistle the whole city heard. The crowd chuckled when Grandpa pulled her back down to her seat.
My grandparents, damn, it's hard to believe they are gone. It's been almost five years and I still expect them to show up and yell 'SURPRISE!'. They went out on the Atlantic in a fishing boat with friends, something they had done many, many times over the years. No bad weather, just a nice sunny day. They should have been back that evening, but it wasn't unheard of for them to stay out fishing all night.
When they weren't back the next morning the marina manager alerted the Coast Guard and a search was launched. The university even got out their new side scan sonar and helped out.
Nothing, absolutely nothing. The Triangle had swallowed them up. I took a semester off from school. I would, and could, have taken more, but Grandpa would have been scowling at me for doing it. I put more time in at the stores to make sure they were on track before I went back to school.
Grandpa started out young at one of the big chain grocery stores. Didn't like the way they treated some of the locals and stomped off and went to a little mom and pop store. He helped it grow, took it over, and had expanded it a bit before they disappeared.
The reading of the will was just what Grandpa had said it was going to be.
Mom and Dad got their old house, and promptly sold it.
Bill got the boats, well now just the little boat, and sold it.
Fred got Grandpa's truck and drove it into the ground.
Gail got Grandma's car. She didn't wreck it, but her daughter did with a blood alcohol of 2.8.
I got a promotion at the store. I was 'put in charge.'
The little bit of money in the bank was used to cover some small debts and all their funeral expenses.
My siblings razzed me. They got stuff, I got a raise.
But Grandpa wasn't into all the fancy titles and names. 'If a man does what he does with pride, then ain't no damn fancy name going to make a difference. Be it the president or the garbage man.' He'd grin after saying it, 'and there have been a few of them lib presidents that weren't much more than a garbage man, huh?'
Yeah, I got a raise, to Chairman of the Board, with a controlling interest. Everybody else was so intent on what they got they signed off on the disbursement without reading it. Grandpa said my brothers and sister would, but it was fifty-fifty on Dad. Sad to say you were right Grandpa. The stores were no big deal to the rest of the family. My grandparents lived in a modest house and drove middle of the line vehicles. Nothing special. More like they didn't flaunt their money, they reinvested it back into the stores. And the worst part was, they could take or leave the football.
Dad was their only child, but he was as much a disappointment to them as I was to him. Didn't matter to Grandpa if it was the part time night stocker or the store manager, EVERYBODY was respected until they screwed up. To Dad, the only thing that mattered was football.
You never saw such a 'calm' bunch of worried men as when I walked into the board room. I was half the age of most of them and I held their jobs in my hand.
Three of the management guys were on the verge of being let go, one of them actually in this room. I carried a thick file in my hands and slapped it down on the table scanning their faces. I stood leaning on the table instead of sitting down.
"You all know why we're here?" I asked as I scanned their faces again. Each of them nodded.
"Are profits up?"
There were some affirmatives of various sorts from them.
"And you all know your jobs?"
More nodding.
I picked up the file and held it up making them look at it.
"This is Grandpa's shit list."
There was a collective gasp.
"There are a number of names in here. Some were going to get a talking to, some had already been talked to and were on the way out, a select few were just plain going to be out"
There were some worried looks.
"But in light of his passing, you guys are going to get a bit of a break." There was a collective sigh.
"Two things are going to happen." I held up the file, "First, this list is going to go on the shelf for ninety days. I'll review everything in it against the ninety days. Second, this and next quarter's profi sharing is not going to be much."
There were some grumblings and a few pissed off old guys.
"You've seen the consultants going through the stores, we start implementing in two weeks."
"But..."
I held up the file, he was one of the ones on the soon to be out list. The room got silent.
"Everything will be computerized and upgraded. Ordering will become semi-automated with our suppliers. Orders generated by computer against sales, but just checked and approved by the appropriate personnel. Any changes made to the computer order will be noted." The nervous guy was one who was skimming, and Grandpa had finally figured out how. The only reason he was not out on his ear was the reason. His little girl had cancer.
"When it fully comes on line, there will be a few positions eliminated." I held the file up, "Most will be promoted to empty positions, the dead weight will be out the door." I paused and looked at them. Most were relieved they weren't collectively fired. Grandpa had done that to three quarters of the board when he took over. "Any questions?"
There were none, so they got up and shuffled to the door as I sat down and opened the file.
"A moment of your time Sid," I called out just as they got close to the door.
One man slumped and slowly turned back to the table, the rest disappeared like smoke on a windy day. He sat at the end, the look of a broken man. Grampa was right, he was a proud man. I held the file up, he slumped a bit, then sat straight.
"You know," he said softly.
I nodded, his head dropped. "Tomorrow you will be promoted retroactively to second manager."
His head snapped up, his mouth hanging open.
"With full medical."
He dropped his head to his arms on the table and openly cried.
I got up and stopped beside him putting my hand on his shoulder. "We'll call it an advance against a paperwork screw up, but it stops today."
His crying stopped and he looked up at me red-faced.
"Go, be with your family. Give them the good news."
He stood quickly and gave me one hell of a bear hug, then dashed out the door wiping his eyes.
Grandma's words came back to me, and I could see Grandpa shaking his head but smiling. "Good men will do bad things to protect their children.'
There was a lot of grumbling over the next few months as the new software was implemented. Some of the older folks just couldn't get their head wrapped around the computer vs the paper forms that could be filled out and then changed as needed order by order. A lot of the standing orders went by the wayside as well. Those two changes alone eliminated about forty percent of our waste.
One of the suppliers bitched up one side and down the other about us canceling a standing order and placing an order for half that amount. They bitched the next month when that was reduced another ten percent.
The following month a new supplier was pleased as punch to pick up a small chain he had been trying to get his foot in the door with for two years. First we heard about it. That ordering department manager was one of the first to be let go. The software made his position redundant.
By the end of the next quarter, three more were fired, seven retired with full benefits, and fifteen were promoted, and we even had a little bit of a profit sharing.
Once some of the management realized how much the automatic ordering was saving in time and waste, they started asking about tweaking it for different store markets. Profits went up, and we were opening a new store every year. One year we took over two after an easy buy out just before I sold the stores to a conglomerate that wanted to take them national.
So here I was sitting in my bigwaterlessapartment wishing I had my grandparents to go see instead of my family.
Happy fucking holidays is right.
I grabbed my go bag and took the elevator down to the parking garage and decided to take the truck. I wasn't in the mood to deal with the family if I drove one of the nice vehicles. Yeah, it was a bit much for Miami, more like something some redneck in the swamps would drive, but a jacked-up, wide mud tired F-250 also got the puny little sports cars out of the way. Probably thought I'd go up and over them if they did something stupid. I had grinned for six months after I bought it hoping some idiot would do that, just so I could test my theory. No luck.
The drive over to my parents felt like a man on his final walk to the gallows.
I pulled up on the street amongst all the other vehicles, looks like the whole gang is here... great. A few deep breaths and the slow walk to the door. I knocked, but I think I could hear them outside better than they could hear me inside. It was unlocked, so I just went on in. I tried to sneak past the den, but Mom was coming out of the kitchen with a big platter.
She turned quickly to set the tray down, grabbed my cheeks, and laid a big mom kiss on them. "TITUS!"
"Hey tits up, you come crawling home finally?" I heard Bill call out.
Mom turned her head to the door, "William, watch your language, there are kids in the house."
I was between a rock and a hard place. Not wanting to upset Mom, and really wanting to go kick my brother in the nuts. I probably would never get the guts, but the thought of him rolling on the floor screaming really made me feel good.
Mom let me go to get the platter, then stopped, "You know Titus, you really should move out of that little apartment and get a nice place."
"Okay Mom."
She went to the den, I went to the front bathroom, and locked the door. Even with their kids in the house, my brothers were not against trying something.
I shook my head at Mom. I had moved four times since that apartment. They had been invited over to each place several times but something always came up.
I reveled in a nice hot shower, dreading getting out and spending time with the family.
I walked out slowly trying not to be noticed. Mom got up and came to sit with me at the bar. Half 'Mom talk', half watching the game in the mirror. You know the 'Mom talk'.
'Sondra just got divorced and moved back in with her parents.' Sondra, first kiss, head cheerleader. Told all the other girls I needed a lot more practice. Now pushing two fifty with three brats. Rumor is the kids weren't his, hence the divorce.
'I saw Tessa's mother at the store the other day.' First 'girlfriend'. Got a good squeeze of the tits while necking. Got an encouraging moan and thrust of tit, started putting my hand down her pants and she started screaming and running back to her girlfriends. They weren't supposed to be at that party, or I would probably be in jail for attempted rape the way she was telling it.
There was a big play and Mom jumped up to go in and cheer with everybody else.
Text from a restricted number '154'
Really Lynch? You've been watching too many movies. He got like this every once in a while. '58 + 87 MIA' I texted back.
He must have been waiting 'OPF, and don't look so thrilled.'
I raised my hand to the window and gave him the bird.
'Now, now, such naughty language from such a nice young man. What would your mother think of you for that?'
I flipped him off again, he was out there somewhere.
':-) twenty minutes.'
Mom was just coming back in. I raised my phone. "Gotta go, work."
Mom scowled, "You really need to slow down Titus. Find a nice girl, enjoy life."
Translation, 'I want more grandkids to spoil rotten and turn into the next generation of football nuts.'
I gave her a peck on the cheek, grabbed my bag, and got the hell out of there.
Mom hit the sore spot for me, women.
Computers, cops, judges, courtrooms, or board rooms, and I would kick ass. Put a beautiful woman in front of me and I was a babbling eleven year old caught looking at my first girlie magazine.
I drove to Opa Locka Airport almost on auto pilot. I had been here a few times, but not recently. I got a text about halfway there, 'executive gate.'
Not even a chance to gouge a beer out of him in the lounge.
He was leaning against the gate in his usual fed uniform. Dark suit and sunglasses even as the sun was going down behind him.
He walked toward the little parking lot, so I went that way and pulled in. He just leaned against the fender not even looking at me.
I got out and leaned beside him and said nothing, it was a waiting game to see who would break first.
He surprised me. "I need a favor."
I turned partially to look at him, he was still looking straight ahead.
"Me, not the service. Well not right away anyway." He stopped talking.
"And?"
"Outside the system. We may have a mole."
Now I was looking at him, "Fuck..." If someone got a mole in the US Marshals Service, that was a serious problem.
He pulled his sunglasses off and pinched the bridge of his nose. "Yeah, and she just might have the info to track the leak."
"She?"
"Wrong place, right time. They thought she was passed out, but she heard everything. I have to tuck her away someplace safe, but not in the system."
"What do you need from me?"
"I need to put her with you for a while."
I about lost it, "What do you mean 'put her with me'?"
"Just for a while, until we can figure something out."
"Like?"
He turned and grinned. It was NEVER a good sign when he grinned. "Any idea where you want to go for your honeymoon?"
"WHAT! You've got to be kidding!" ME?! With a woman living with me!!!!!!!!
"It's the only thing I could set up on short notice. Bart did up the papers so she's good that way."
That said a lot. Bart was 'on the edge.' He had been one of the top twenty world class forgers until he was caught. He became a consultant and was well paid for his knowledge. In exchange for not digging too far into some of his past customers, he had a permanent favor owed to Lynch. And he had called one in for this girl. This was some deep shit, and I wasn't too sure I wanted to get any further into it.
He looked at me, "You're my last hope."
He knew all the buttons to push. I sighed.
He chuckled and slapped my back, "Besides, you get your own personal porno queen."
I about fell on my face.
He laughed at me, he had seen me tongue tied around even Hattie too many times.
"She was kinda famous, then branched off into high dollar escort. That's where she overheard the conversation so I had to move quick."
This was all being said as he walked me through the gate to the generic Lear parked on the ramp. As we neared it this hot babe stepped to the door and looked like a lost kid. He knew there was no way I was going to say no once I saw that face.
I turned to him and made one more try to get out of it, "Where am I going to keep her? I can't go back to my place, the water is off."
He grinned with his hand still on my shoulder. "You'll have partial pressure by the time you get home. The crews will work on it all weekend, and they'll go through the building installing temporary filters until the pressure is back up to full Monday morning."
I stopped and started to boil. "YOU FUCKING ASSHOLE! You had this all planned, even made me go to Moms!" The 'going through installing temporary filters' would also let them do a surveillance run and plant a few bugs. I hope they bought them wholesale.
"How long has it been since you've seen them?"
"Asshole."
"Awwww. You do love me."
I turned to look at the girl. A bit overdone in an outfit that wasn't all there didn't leave much to the imagination. Even in the fading light, I could tell there was some serious nipple jewelry under that thin top.
"You WILL pay for this."
He grinned and raised his arm toward the girl. She stepped down and he took her hand and put it in mine. "Mister Dollar, may I introduce you to your new wife Penny." He handed me a thick envelope and went behind her to get back on the plane. I began to lead her to my truck. How the hell was I going to explain this???
She had a little duffle bag and that was it. I got her into the truck with as little gawking as I could manage and headed back to my place. The asshole had the nerve to send me another smiley face as I pulled out.
It was a silent trip back and up the elevator. She froze when she stepped into the apartment. "The penthouse?"
"Not quite, that's three floors up." She was looking around like her head would spin off. "Have you eaten?"
"Not really, we had some sandwiches on the plane."
"I'll order some delivery, you have any preferences?"
"No anchovies."
"Bathroom is the first door on your right. Go ahead and clean up. Food should be here about the time you finish."
I'm a guy, I watched that ass in skin tight jeans wiggle away before I ordered.
I opened my drawer beside the stove and pulled out my stack of restaurant menus. The Chinese place has EXCELLENT bar-b-que. Hey! don't knock it until you've tried it.
My regular delivery man Carlos had just left, "FOOD'S HERE!"
I started unpacking. I heard footsteps and turned and froze. Penny was walking to the table stark naked. She was halfway to the table when my mind finally engaged mouth. "There's a robe on the back of the door."
"Okay," like it was no big deal, then turned and walked just as slowly back to get it.
I was ready to cum in my pants.
Most of the makeup was gone, but the trip down her body was a fantasy trip.
Sparkly jeweled nose ring -- check.
Diamond stud in upper lip -- check.
Diamond studs in the upper slope of both tits -- check.
Nice big gold rings in each nipple -- Fucking YES check.
Pierced belly button -- check.
Another pair of diamond studs in the upper part of her mound -- big double check.
Pierced clit -- OH FUCK YES!
Pierced pussy lips -- double check, no make that quad check, a pair in each.
Add to that little matching tattoos on the upper slope of her left tit and beside her slit and a fancy tramp stamp and she was sex on legs. I didn't care too much for the fake tits, but they weren't all that bad. The keyhole to mid-thigh was almost mind blowing.
She came back wrapped in my robe, barely tying it closed.
Even then she was hot as hell.
There wasn't much chit chat through supper, I think we were both just kinda taking it in.
After cleaning up, we kicked back on the couch to watch some mindless movie. Both of us just going through the motions. Well kinda.
After a bathroom break, Penny curled up under my arm and tucked her feet under her butt. That was hot as hell, but in the process. the robe came open and she didn't seem inclined to close it.
That bare tit was just inches from my hand, her shaved mound and studs drawing your eye and wishing that her legs were spread a bit so you could see her slit.
Now at my age I wasn't a virgin by any means, but I had very little experience with women. And anything above average looking had me thoroughly tongue-tied. Having a porn queen in my arms had me vapor locked. I was still looking at her as the credits rolled.
Penny looked up and me and just looked into my eyes, I turned to butter, a melted puddle of butter. "I guess I should ask. Are you tired? Wide awake? I have no idea what you've been through..."
She sighed, "It's been 'hurry up and wait' with Morty for the last two weeks."
I smiled, Morty. She got to him big time, almost nobody called him anything but Lynch, if I was pissed I called him Mortimer, and here she was calling him Morty.
"I'm wide awake and exhausted at the same time. Does that make sense?"
"Been there many a time, I've had a rather stressful day. I was thinking of taking a hot shower and crawling into bed."
"Okay," she said cheerfully.
I managed to untangle myself and not ogle her tits too much. The shower was good and bad. A long hot shower was wonderful, but thinking about the nearly naked woman in my apartment had the predicted result. I was rock hard and aching.
I closed my eyes and my mind made that trip down her naked body again. My pace picked up as I remembered. Going to my toes, I blasted the wall remembering her shaved mound and clit and pussy piercings.
I collapsed against the wall panting. Just standing in the water to recover. I had known one girl with one nipple pierced and was fascinated with it. My imagination was running wild with all of Penny's piercings.
I was still toweling off as I stepped to the bedroom and froze. Penny was in bed with the comforter only pulled halfway up. Head kicked back and short blond hair spread on the blue pillow case. Eyes closed and a smile on her face.
I was hard and aching again at the picture perfect woman in my bed. I usually slept naked, but I could see I would be in shorts for some time to come. I slipped them on with my back to the bed and softly slipped in. I had just gotten comfortable on my back when I nearly came in my shorts.
Penny rolled and plastered herself against my side under my arm.
I closed my eyes and took in the mental picture of what I felt. Such soft silky skin. I could feel her firm tits and prominent nipple jewelry in my side and chest. Her belly moving as she breathed, her leg across my iron hard cock.
I lowered my hand to her back and then down a bit like I was getting comfortable. I sighed, she was naked and against me, no sign of panty or thong. She was asleep in a matter of a few breaths. I saw the clock go past one before I finally dropped off.
- - -
I managed to crawl out from under her in the morning to take a piss. I still had to stop and stare at the wonder in my bed. Even curled up with my pillow her smooth back was sexy. The slight hint of titty bulge. The tramp stamp was just out of sight, but I knew it was there. I slipped my robe on and headed out to the main room before I acted on what I was thinking.
I grabbed a bottle of pop and kicked back at the little table on the balcony taking the morning in. I was well above most of the buildings around me. My apartment was the north facing unit on this floor. The top ten floors below the penthouse were two apartment layouts on a north south split. Two large rooms east and west with the kitchen, closet, and bath in between with floor to ceiling glass outer walls.
I put my bedroom in the west room facing the city and kept the drapes on the west and part of the north wall closed to make it a room. In the big living area, I kept them wide open for the view of the coast. I had sectioned off a corner for my office, but that was it. I wasn't close enough to hear the ocean, but I could watch the waves come in, see the boats and sail boards going all over.
Penny came out in one of my dress shirts... with only one button buttoned at her hips. I saw legs and a bit of shaved mound with every step. She leaned over to kiss my cheek and I got a wonderful view of hanging tits as she did.
"There's juice in the fridge and coffee pods on the counter if you want them."
"Okay." She turned to walk away, and even covered in my shirt that was one sexy wiggling ass. I had to rearrange myself while she wasn't around.
She came back and settled into the chair just around the table from me pulling her knees up and resting her coffee cup on them. If I had been across from her I could have looked right up between her legs to her bare pussy.
My phone rang and I got up to answer it. Even with my filters I still get a few junk calls. But I did need some information. I grabbed the envelope from last night from the counter and headed back out to the balcony.
The first few papers were the marriage paperwork, then some polaroids. The first was of the 'wedding'. Me in an Elvis costume, Penny in one HOT Elvira dress, the minister as a green alien. A few reception pictures, and a pile of receipts.
According to the dates I 'got married' tomorrow and we're spending the next week blowing money in Vegas. And it was all charged on MY credit card. Asshole. Then I grinned and sent a text.
'Morty, Penny says hi. How long is she going to be with me?'
It took a few minutes, but I had to chuckle at the bad news. 'NO ARRESTS YET. FEDERAL TRIAL.'
He was pissed at 'Morty', and I was going to have her for quite a while if she stayed with me. Some of these things can go years before going to trial.
I was taking her in without trying to be obvious. I guess I wasn't all that good at being subtle around hot babes.
"Ask," she said without even looking away from her cup.
"Sorry, I'm just curious. All that on a good looking woman. A little maybe, but all that? The piercings, the tattoos, the implants. You didn't need any of that to look hot."
I saw a little blush come up her neck before she answered. "Money and camera shots."
She turned to me and unbuttoned the shirt to cup and lift her tits. "Bigger tits equals bigger money." She released one tit and brought it to the nipple of the tit she was still holding. "My nipples are pierced at a slight angle."
I looked and realized they were, slightly in towards her cleavage.
She lifted and spread her legs then reached down to spread her pussy... WIDE. "I have one ring larger and it's silver instead of gold." She released her pussy but didn't drop her leg, merely hooked it on the arm of the chair.
"Combine them with the tattoos and it's pretty hard to argue about who's on camera. I get paid for my stuff and they can't get a body double for what I won't do."
I just sat there looking at her body on display. "Wow, makes sense. I hadn't thought of all that." Kinda stupid on my part. I spent most of my time on the computer trying to do or undo just that but in a different way.
"Morty says it's going to be a while before you can get back out there, so we're going to have to change your appearance a bit. Any idea what you want to do? Temporary or permanent.?"
She looked down at her body, then back at me, "I have no idea, what do you think we should do?"
I had to look at her body. My cock said jump her, my mind said respect her and reminded me that Mortimer carried several weapons. My mind barely won.
"Well, hair color can be easily changed. What about your tattoos? You can cover them with makeup or we can have them removed."
Penny kicked her leg out to put the one beside her slit on display... along with the rest of her beautiful mound. "Do you like them?"
I tried not to look, but I couldn't help it. My eyes didn't stay on her tattoo they went right to her glistening lips. "Not particularly to be honest. They get your attention but they seem a bit gaudy on you."
She smiled.
"The piercings will be a little more difficult or easy depending on what you want to do with them." I looked down at the studs on her mound wanting to get down and take a much closer look at them, as in tongue length look at them. "Do those get in the way of shaving?"
She snickered, "I had laser treatments a long time ago, so no shaving. And uh," she reached for one of the studs on her mound, gave it a twist and a tug and it came out in her fingers. "They pop right out." She did the same with the other one.
I have to say, for as hot as the diamond studs in her mound were, the baby smooth mound was making me salivate. "And those?" pointing to the ones in her tit.
She grinned and did the same to those and the one in her upper lip.
"So then some simpler jewelry in your piercings, remove the tattoos and change your hair color. That alone is going to make a big difference." I looked at her tits. If you looked you could make out where the implant sat on top of her tit.
They were nice, probably real nice before the implants. It looked like the implant had stretched out her nipple a bit making it more of a light brown circle with the piercing the only thing keeping her nipple standing out.
"What about your implants, you want to keep them or..."
She cupped them and jiggled them a bit. "They are a little bigger than I really wanted, but my agent talked me into them." She looked up at me, "What do you think, an honest guy's opinion."
"Well um..."
"Come on, if you could put anything you wanted here," giving them another jiggle, "what would it be?"
"What size were you before?"
"Thirty two B."
"I could see that," I said softly. Watching her cup and move her tits.
"So?"
"In a perfect world?" I asked. She nodded. "Well, I think the B would be a good fit for your size, just right to go braless most of the time. A darker areola to show through thinner tops and a nice nipple bump would be hot but still let you cover if you had to."
"You don't think a B would be too small?"
"Not if they jiggle nicely as you walk. Hell, I'd be walking into light poles watching your tits move."
One hand dropped, the other had a finger circling her areola. "How expensive is all that going to be?"
"We'll put it on Morty's bill."
She laughed and kicked her foot out, but left her knee up on the arm putting her body on display to me.
I picked up my phone before I raped her, and because he saddled me with her, 'Morty, Penny needs an expense card."
'I'll send a courier asshole.'
"So then, I just need to get you some stuff to get by to actually go shopping. Um, what hair color, and um make up, and um..." I was having trouble forming sentences again the way she was casually laid back but on display.
"I'll make you a list." She got up and leaned over to kiss my cheek just outside my lips. It was all I could do to not wrap my arms around her and haul her off to the bedroom. The shirt gaping open in front of me didn't help one damn bit.
I recognized some things on the list, but most of it was a foreign language. I went to the mall. The hair color came from a salon. I just walked up to the makeup counter at Macy's and handed the smirking girl the list. "Well she has good taste in makeup at least," I heard before she turned and started pulling things from the shelf.
Fuck you bitch. I netted a little over a million dollars last year, but get tongue tied around pretty women. Life sucks and then you deal with it.
I spent over a hundred dollars on a small bag, the bitch had the nerve to smile at me when I handed her my black card. I wrote a big fat Ø in the tip spot, and wrote'BAD ATTITUDE'beside it.
I had a bad attitude right up until I walked back into my apartment. There stood Penny gazing up at my posters. Fuck, hadn't thought of that.
I had four big posters of women in my apartment. They weren't nasty, even if the one in the bedroom was a bit more risqué. They were some of the old pinup style, but not the big prominent chest. They were smaller chested but with NICE NOTICABLE nipple bumps. The one in the bedroom was wearing some lingerie so her areola were showing through. "Do I need to take them down?"
Penny jumped. "No, of course not. You put them up to be enjoyed. Why would I ask you to take them down.?"
"Well, you are going to be here for a while. I didn't want you to be uncomfortable and all."
That last part came out a bit slow. Penny turned to face me. She still had my shirt on, but had not bothered to button it and it was hanging outside of her tits framing them NICELY!
"No, they're fine. Believe me, I've seen a whole lot worse, probably been in a few of those as well."
That made me think, some like mine, or some like the wild ones.
Penny smiled as she walked to me, took the two small bags, kissed me on the cheek, and sauntered to the bathroom. She backed out the door and grinned catching me watching her walk away. I probably turned a million shades of red.
I hid in my office.
I was plucking away at our latest project when I heard a throat clear behind me.
When I saw her, at first I thought Hattie had snuck in. The first impression was Goth. Black hair and eyeliner. But the cat's eye eyeliner was a bit different, and the bright red lipstick was mesmerizing. Penny had put my shirt back on right and slipped a pair of my shorts on.
I reached for my phone. "Gotta call Morty, somebody has kidnapped Penny."
Penny shook her finger at me grinning. "So this will do?"
"I had to look twice and I knew it was coming." She kept coming, scanning my monitors. I had four screens going. Two with 'normal' websites, and two with code.
"What are you working on?"
"Just hacking into the bank."
She pulled back, "What?"
I grinned and pulled her beside me, momentarily enjoying her ass in my hand. "It's what we do. We hunt for security breaches, holes, and back doors."
She sighed in relief. "Is that how Morty found you, hacking people?"
"No. I actually went to college for it. I have one that used to be way out on the dark side. Probably still does a little truth be told. But if she gets caught she's headed for a dark deep hole for the rest of her life."
"Ouch."
"Yeah, the CIA doesn't take kindly to putting a picture of Goofy in place of the director's portrait."
She snickered, "I bet not. Surprised she's even on the outside."
"They tried, but even from the inside she swapped his secretary's picture for Linda Lovelace."
Penny laughed. "And they still let her out?"
"They tried to bully her, but she threatened to swap Goofy's picture out for a John Homes animated gif. She has an ankle monitor and works for me."
I chuckled at Hattie. She was the quintessential Goth hacker, and she looked every bit the part. The tips and tricks she brings us are priceless. I doubt we'll ever get all her hacks, but what she does give us cuts like a hot knife.
I went back to work to document what I had found. You gotta love cheap ass employees. They'll take their personal phone to work, log in to save their data caps, and give us one hell of a back door. Even those that plug in just to charge their phone crack the firewall. And it was the VP loan officer to boot.
A couple of hours later I got a plain brown envelope from a man in a plain brown work uniform and sunglasses. It had one plain black credit card. You gotta love these spooks. You can laugh at them, but ya gotta love them a little too.
Penny squealed, I moaned... more shopping. We took the Miata to minimize the room for shopping. Uh huh.
What really surprised me was she didn't go overboard on it. She got a lot of the basic tops and dresses and pants, but nothing extravagant. And only one bra. She winked at me and cupped her tit, "No sense in getting any more than I need until I get my boob job now is there honey?"
I thought the sales girl was going to piss her pants she was laughing so hard.
I got a bit of a fashion show when we got home. The clothes were in the bedroom, but changing happened en route in and out. The top change in front of me had me vapor locked. It took me a minute to realize she had covered the tattoo on her tit and put in simple little rings in her nipples.
We cuddled a bit more that evening, just watching what we could find. Penny had been lightly holding and stroking my hand just above her tit. "So hacking paid for all this?" she asked.
"Pretty much. I started with something smaller before my grandparents passed away, and when I sold off their chain of grocery stores a few years later that got me another decent chunk. But I invested that back in the business. Things have started to take off the last two years."
"And it's just the two of you?"
I kicked my head back chuckling. "No, I have four working for me. You know about Hattie, she's in Orlando. I have one in Dallas, another in Vegas, and the last one is out in the hills in southeast Montana." I chuckled.
"What?"
"Hattie and Winchester are my two reformed black hats. But the Marshals still don't quite trust them. Hattie hides out in plain sight surrounded by thousands of people in Orlando. Winchester sits on five hundred acres in southeast Montana completely off the grid. Well, only if you don't include the dual fiber optic data lines."
"So what's the Marshal's problem?"
"Hattie is in the middle of a large high rise with no outside windows. Winchester's driveway is five miles of twisting and turning hillside. And both of them have shielded rooms for work. The ankle monitors don't transmit from inside. They've tried surprise visits, but it takes long enough to get in to either one of them that the surprise is long gone."
"And since you know Morty, I'm assuming some of that work is for the government."
"Yeah. We dabble a bit here and there. Hattie and I are the ones that dig into that. She wasn't originally on that part, but she sent me some pointers while I was in the middle of a job that even I didn't know she knew about. The NSA wasn't happy, but they couldn't do too much about it. I can't prove it, but there have been a number of anonymous tips on bad things the CIA and NSA have done that I would swear came from Hattie and Winchester."
"Not a lot of trust there I'm guessing."
"No, and I'm afraid of what Winchester might dosince the FBI started going after citizens standing up for their constitutional rights.I'd swear that man can recite the whole thing from memory as well as all the supporting documents for the Bill of Rights and anything else that points out the limits on the federal government."
"You want them to get away with it?" she asked softly.
"No, of course not. The liberals in control need to be put in their place, but Winchester has a nasty habit of going a bit overboard. He doesn't leak it to the press, he hacks their print and web feeds and puts it out there directly. He once put a video of the FBI director confessing to wiretapping without a warrant on every page of the white house website. Not just the main page or two, every damn page. They had to shut it down and purge it to clean out what he did." I sighed, "Well what we think he did. It never traced back to him, but it was one hundred percent his style."
We cuddled a bit more, but it was getting late. "You want to hop in the shower first while I shut things down out here?"
Penny looked at me a moment, then "Okay," and hopped up shedding her shirt and then shorts on the way to the bathroom. She was naked by the time she made the corner.
I piddled in the office until I heard the shower shut off. A little more and I was going in as she was coming out drying her hair. Squeaky clean... and naked.
I took a long shower jacking off to the memory of her coming out drying her hair making those tits jiggle and move. Fuuuuuuccckkkkk...
Penny was on her side of the bed facing the wall when I came in. I slipped in and laid there forever staring at the ceiling. All my fantasies of what I would do with this woman going through my head and not being able to act on them. I nodded off somewhere around midnight. I woke around three having to take a piss with a soft woman draped across me.
I managed to get out from under her and relieve myself. By the time I got back to the bedroom, she was completely on my side. Oh well, I crawled in on hers and did my best to get back to sleep. I was almost droping off when I felt her get out of bed. It took me a bit to realize she hadn't come back to bed.
I got up cautiously and creeped out of the bedroom. I didn't see her, but as I got closer to the kitchen I could hear her... crying. I crept slowly, and found her curled up in a ball on the couch. I slid in beside her and pulled her into my arms. Penny literally crawled into my lap.
She started to slow down and tried to pull away. "Shhhh, what's wrong?"
She tried to push away, then wrapped her arms around my neck and started crying again. I just held her until she slowed down again.
I stroked her hair, "Tell me. If I can do something about it I will."
I heard her mumble something.
"Hmmm?"
"You don't want me here," she said softly.
"Why would you say that? We went out and got you things to get you going."
"You don't wantmehere." taking my hand and holding it to her tit.
Oh. I got a little bit of a grip on her tit, just enough she could feel it. "Of course I want you, any man in his right mind would want you."
"Then why didn't you..." pressing her tit into my hand.
I sighed and kissed her forehead. "I didn't want to push. I have no idea what you've been through. What would hurt or help."
She tipped her head up. Even in the moonlight, tear streaked face and all, her eyes sparkled. I leaned down and softly kissed her lips. Pulled back and kissed them a little harder. I tried to pull back, but Penny wrapped her arms around my neck and her tongue came out to play. I moaned into our kiss, I think she did too.
I was going to wrap mine around her and grab her ass and Penny jumped back. I thought I screwed up right until my shorts were literally ripped down. I watched her in total shock as she grinned, then opened her mouth and took me to the root in one delicious stroke.
I only lasted as long as I did because I was in total shock. I went from holding a crying woman to having her deep throat me in a matter of seconds. As soon as it sunk in I lost it. I grabbed her head and ROARED as I unloaded. I arched and spasmed as I gave her everything I had. My balls ached as I collapsed back to the couch as she finally released my cock from her throat.
I was panting, my head kicked back staring at the ceiling and not having the energy to move. I felt Penny crawl up on the couch, her hand on my thigh cradling my limp cock. I jumped with what little energy I had as she took the tip of my cock between her lips and sighed. I managed to get my hand on her back before I passed out.
I woke some time later, and I'm not sure we had moved. I was still laid back, Penny still had her head in my lap with my cock between her lips. The only difference was I was firming up. I slid my hand slowly down her back towards her ass. I could reach about as far as her tattoo.
Penny rolled to her hands and knees never letting my cock from her lips and moved forward a bit. I got my hand on her ass about the time she took me in again.
I was HARD.
My hand came off her ass as her lips left my cock, because she was sitting up and throwing a leg over me. She held me up hovering her pussy just above me. I started to nod and she squealed and dropped on me. Engulfing my now aching cock fast enough to make her tits bounce.
It was an amazing thing to watch. Seeing Penny with her eyes closed moving and undulating on me. Reaching up to cup and play with her own tits as she moved on me. Using my cock to pleasure herself was a thing of beauty.
When I reached up to help her cup her tits her eyes flashed open, her mouth opened in one hell of a scream, and she came all over me. One after another, after another. My body decided to join her as the last one tried to rip my cock off.
We were both panting, I could feel little trembles in her pussy and her nipples in my chest as my cock softened and dropped from her pussy. Penny squeaked and shoved her hand between us to stem the tide as she rolled off us.
There was nothing handy to put between her legs as she rolled to the floor. What really surprised me was her taking my cock between her lips again to clean me before getting to her feet and staggering to the bathroom. I managed to get standing and meet her as she came out. We crawled into bed and died.
---
I woke to way too much light in the room, but there was a warm soft body against me. I ran my hand up and down her back, bringing it up to the back of her neck and finding her hair damp. She had already been up and crawled back in. I put my fingers in her hair as she tipped her head up to smile. "Morning," she said just before kissing me softly.
"Morning," I responded after looking her in the eye and finding even them smiling.
But now that I could, I rolled her to her back and began exploring. She wassoftall over. Even the firmness of her implants was still soft.
I enjoyed suckling her nipples and playing with her rings with my tongue. Kissing down her belly, licking her belly button making her giggle. Working my way down to heaven.
The barest nudge and Penny lifted and spread. In a word, it was perfect. Her pussy opening slightly as she spread. All five rings were perfectly placed. The ring under her clit was just begging for attention and I couldn't resist.
I rolled forward enough to take it between my lips. Suckling and rolling as my fingers played with her lips. Her juices already flowing as I played. Running my fingers up and down her lips until I couldn't take any more. I pulled back and pulled lightly on her rings to open her pussy as I planted my face in her.
OH FUCK YES!!!!!!!!
I suckled and licked and slurped until I was getting a crick in my neck. But I wanted the mother load. I slipped two fingers in beneath my chin and went hunting. The screech announced that her little rough patch was nice and sensitive. Penny was holding my head to her pussy as her legs flailed and she screamed. I kept going until I couldn't.
We flopped, I grinned.
I was laying with my head on her thigh looking at a glimmering draining pussy. I rolled enough to lick some more. Penny jumped and screeched. Payback is hell.
We managed to stagger to the shower, each helping the other stand. Seeing her in the water revived me. Taking the shampoo and doing her hair, feeling her relax against me as I lathered her body. She gound back on my cock then turned to lather me.
We didn't even try for the towels, we barely made it to the bed. I pushed her to the bed as Penny spread. I was between her legs and then balls deep in her. Planting my hands above her shoulders and just fucked the living hell out of her as she begged for and encouraged every last stroke.
Penny was screaming in orgasm as I kept on pounding her until I collapsed and still tried to drive into her.
"Going... to... soak... the...bed," I heard under me.
"Don't... fucking... care."
Shortly I was being rolled off of her. Penny followed and rolled up against my side. "Race you to the shower."
We both laughed. We both groaned when we made it out of the bed and slowly to the shower.
We survived the shower and slowly walked to the kitchen. I was amazed to look at the clock, had to check my watch to make sure. It was two in the afternoon. We had toast because that was all I had. I was informed we were going grocery shopping. Somehow that made me smile. She looked a hundred times better in my shirt than I do. She teased me by only buttoning the bottom three. Every man in the store was taking peeks at her trying to get a glimpse of her body.
Penny was smiling and floating as she cooked supper. Just a simple meal, but it was delicious. Cleaning up after was filled with lots of touching and caressing. Any time I put my hand out or my body against her she responded turning and pressing to give me access to what I was reaching for.
Tonight cuddling on the couch my hand wasn't hanging over her tit, she had her hand on mine holding it to her tit.
We coupled again somewhere in the night, and again as the sun came up. We'd sleep a bit, then go again. And again. And again.
---
My cell phone was ringing, but I had a soft body against me. It was ringing again and as much as I hated to, I rolled away from Penny and staggered to my desk. "Hello," I managed to get out.
"Where the hell are you?"
I looked at the display a moment. "Well good morning to you to Hattie."
"Morning hell, it's quarter after two. You were supposed to be logged into the video conference call fifteen minutes ago."
I looked at my phone again. Fuck, it's Tuesday. "Um, I just got in. Make some excuses and I'll log in in a few minutes." I hung up and staggered back to the bedroom.
"Come back to bed," Penny called with one knee up.
"Can't." I grabbed a shirt and managed to put it on. Ran a brush through my hair to tame it a little and settled in front of the computer with my cock hanging out under the desk.
Hattie looked like her eyes were going to pop out of their sockets. The customer was a bit surprised. Time to bull doze in and not give them time to react. I didn't pull any punches. I laid it out that it was their VP that was compromising the system with his personal cell phone. He sputtered, I sent a picture to the big screen in their conference room of his naked wife tied to their bed. I was lucky I had blurred the good parts before I saved it. "Take care of things Hattie, I have to go."
Penny was standing just off camera. I threw my shirt off and bent over to pick her up over my shoulder and carried her back to bed. We had just started in again when my phone was ringing. Fuck it, I was balls deep in my new wife, and she was grinning up at me.
It rang again, but I wasn't finished with Penny.
I was just unloading in Penny when I heard it ring once, then went silent.
"GOD DAMN IT BOSS. PICK UP YOUR FUCKING PHONE!!! THE CUSTOMER IS PISSED AS HELL ABOUT THE PICTURE."
It really sucks when your employees know how to hack phones.
I was starting to crawl off Penny.
"I'M FUCKING WAITING HERE."
I staggered to the desk, Penny was giggling at me bouncing off the walls. "Jesus Christ Hattie, can't a guy even have a honeymoon."
"I don't give a fuck what you're doing. They are so fucking pissed about that..." there was a bit of silence. "What the fuck did you say?"
I just laughed.
"You're bull shitting, YOU?"
"What can I say."
"And to a woman, two legged this time?"
"Fuck you."
There was a whoop on the other end. "Did your mother survive the heart attack?"
That killed my laugh. "She doesn't know yet. We just met. It was love at first sight."
"No shit? Man, that will be quite the introduction. When do we get to meet her?"
I looked at Penny standing off to one side. "We'll we have to get dressed first. Give us a couple of weeks and we'll talk about it."
"I do not need that picture in my head. You in your speedo was bad enough." I could hear the shudder in her voice.
She hung up and I put my arm out. Penny came to me and sat sideways in my lap as I pulled her to me to kiss and grope.
"We have to be careful. Hattie's curiosity will get the better of her and she'll hack my web cam. I have to keep them all covered because of her."
My computer made a robot fart noise.
Penny snorted, "Goodbye Hattie."
The computer made a startled R2D2 noise, then the screech it made when it got zapped. We laughed, then we kissed, then we groped, then I picked her up and carried Penny to the shower.
I have to order more sheets and mattress pads. We went through every one I had in two days. We pulled the extra comforter on the bed and cuddled on top of it.
"So, your mom huh?"
I groaned, "Yeah."
"What are we going to tell your folks? I mean there's a good chance I'll be around for a few months at least."
I snorted. "Probably more like a few years. Mortimer said they haven't made any arrests yet, and it will be a federal case. Fast track for that is two years."
Penny had her head tucked under my chin. "Oh, am I going to be... that is..."
I kissed the top of her head. "You mean am I going to give you that long to try and kill me with wild sex?"
She giggled.
"I guess I'll just have to tough it out."
"Mmmmm, so back to Mom."
"UGH."
Penny chuckled. "So what are we going to tell them."
"According to your paperwork, you are an orphan. So that part is a blank slate. We got married the other day. According to the receipts we shouldn't actually be home until tonight, but that we can let slip."
"When do you want to tell them."
"Want?"
That got another chuckle. "You know what works, just tell me and we'll do it."
I kissed the inside of her wrist. "You know, I just realized there is something we forgot to get when we went shopping."
"What?"
"A ring," and kissed her palm. I had a teary eyed woman. "What about your family? I'm not sure we can really do anything if you're supposed to be hiding, but..."
Penny turned to give me a soft kiss. "It's just mom and I haven't heard from or seen her in almost four years, and even before then it was just the occasional call if she wanted something."
"You're making me jealous."
Penny swatted me, "You're a bad boy."
We managed to get dressed and head down to the mall. I made sure to pick the most expensive jeweler I could find. Penny started off at the cheap end at around five hundred dollars. I drug her up to the middle and whispered in her ear, "Morty is buying."
She picked out a lovely ring for a little over two thousand dollars.
Before we shucked clothes, I took a selfie of me and Penny against a blank wall with her hand and ring against my chest. Photo shopped in the MGM Grand behind us, and sent it off to mom.
It was two hours later I got a text. 'Really, you couldn't have just gone down to Wal-Mart?'
I laughed at that. 'You're just mad you weren't the best man.' While I was laughing, Mom called. "Hello?"
"Titus, is that really you? You really got married? Do we know her?"
It was all I could do not to chuckle. "Yeah Mom, it's really us. It happened so fast I still don't quite believe my luck."
Penny had to cover her laugh.
"When do we get to meet her?"
"We have a lot to get sorted out. How about Saturday after lunch?" I knew there was an afternoon bowl game.
"Okay, we'll see you then."
"What should I wear?" Penny asked.
"You mean besides your birthday suit?" Penny sighed as I suckled her nipple a bit. "Just nice jeans or slacks and a top. They'll have the game on so it will be pretty informal."
We went shopping again. Mortimer is just going to hate this even though it's not his money. I did send him a preemptive text this time. 'Do you want the lingerie pics as proof of purchase?'
'Asshole.'
I glanced up from my phone in time for the next modeling run. She asked me if I wanted to see what she was picking out. I made the terrible, world's worst mistake, of telling her yes. She came out and modeled every bra and panty she bought. And most of them I had to look close to see if she was actually wearing something.
About halfway through she sauntered to me and leaned over putting her hand on my aching cock as she almost spilled out of her bra. "Should I model the half cups here or at home?"
I reached up and cupped her tit as I responded expecting her to react. Well, she did, just not the way I was expecting. She pressed into my hand instead of pulling back and moaned when I told her if she did she was going to be bent over screaming in orgasm in the middle of the store soon after.
She got several nice tops and slacks, then she peeked around the corner of the changing room door and slithered out and onto my lap. "Acceptable?" she whispered as her lips caressed my ear.
I tipped my head and lightly kissed the upper slope of her tit. I could do that because she had a strapless corset top on that made me want to just eat her up. "Fucking hot."
"Not too much?
"Absolutely perfect."
"For Saturday?"
I brought my hand up to cup her barely encased tits, "Only thing better is if your nipples stood out a little. My brothers would have a heart attack right after their tongues hit the floor."
"I can do that if you want me to." She was grinding on my cock making it hard to think.
"Only if it won't bother you."
Penny pulled back to look into my eyes. "Do you like seeing my nipples stand out?"
I couldn't answer, but I could stop smiling.
"Barely there, noticeable, or blatant?" she said in a husky whisper.
"Noticeable." I managed to get out.
Penny wrapped her arms around my neck and went tonsil hunting.
"You don't mind?" I asked her when we came up for air. "Being looked at?"
"If you want to look, then so be it."
I chuckled. "So I shouldn't have postponed having a dinner party with you as my naked hostess then?"
Penny hissed and jumped back up and dashed to the changing room.
She came out a few minutes later. Still in her snug slacks, but the corset top had been replaced with a loose thin gauzy top. Her nipples standing out and more than just a shadow of her areola. I looked, Penny pulled her shoulders back to put her tits even more on display.
"I'm really torn between walking around to show you off and hauling your ass home and bending you over the couch to fuck you silly."
Penny's eyes fluttered, "Why choose?" came out in that husky whisper again.
I groaned softly, she grinned at me and put her arm through mine. We strolled the mall for over an hour. Every male beyond puberty looked at her bouncing tits and nipples. Almost every woman gave her a dirty look for getting their man's attention. Almost. There were three dressed just as hot that grinned and shook their tits. Penny giggled and did the same, then looked quickly at me. "Was that okay?" she asked in a timid voice.
"Would have been better if you were topless."
Penny reached for the hem of her top and started lifting. I managed to stop her before her tits were exposed, "But that would get us arrested." She stopped and looked at me. "And then I couldn't bend you over the couch when we get home."
She let go of her top and took my hand. "We need to go home."
Penny leaned toward me as soon as we got in the car. She pressed her tit to my hand as I reached to cup it. When I needed both hands to steer, she lifted her top to bare her tit when I reached back. Eyes closed grinning.
The kid in the next lane honked and gave me a thumbs up. Penny didn't open her eyes, but she did keep grinning.
She had to pull her top back down when we pulled into the parking garage, and we had company in the elevator for the first few floors. When the older lady giving her the stink eye for letting her tits out to be appreciated got off she growled, "You need a place with a private elevator."
"Why, so when I want you topless you don't have to worry?"
The top came up and off and she backed into me pulling my hands to her tits, "Exactly."
I groped and massaged. I thought we had a problem when the elevator stopped on the way up, but there was no one there. But that just revved Penny back up when I tugged on her nipples.
We made it to my apartment. "Couch, now!" I said and pointed to it.
Penny squealed and practically ran to the couch, dropping her slacks as far as her thighs before bending over and reaching back to open herself.
I roared as I stepped to her. My slacks didn't make it much further than hers and I drove into her like a mad man. I had a hot babe in my hands, rubbing on me, and showing her body off for the last several hours.
Penny just plain got FUCKED!!!!! I came almost right away as she was screaming. But the last few hours had given me a charge. I just kept right on fucking her only going firm before coming right back to cave man hard. I fucked her hard, I grabbed her ass, I reached for and played with tits and nipples, I gave her a few flat handed swats on her ass that just sent her into orbit getting her another round of ass slapping fucking.
Exhaustion was overtaking me, and I rolled us over the back and onto the cushion, landing with me still on her back, cock just barely in her pussy. I reached for a tit and Penny lifted enough for me to get my hand in before she collapsed on it and I passed out.
I was still on Penny, my cock had slipped from her pussy but was hanging in her keyhole... and she was whimpering.
"Penny, I didn't mean to, um what did..."
She took a deep breath, "I'm okay, just a bit overwhelmed."
I was relieved, "Okay."
But when we disentangled everything was not fine. Her eyes were puffy and bloodshot, she had obviously been crying. All I could do was look at her eyes and caress her cheek.
Penny put her hand on mine and smiled, "It's not what you think, but we do need to talk about it."
We took a shower, and I washed her softly and slowly.
We got something to drink, and she pushed me to the corner of the couch and then curled up in front of me pulling my arms around her. "This could take a while, please be patient with me."
I lightly kissed the side of her neck, the top of her shoulder, and held her a little tighter. It was all I could do not to reach down and cup those tits, but I did resist.
"I'm sure Morty gave you a bit of history on me."
"He hit the highlights in his usual crude manor."
That did make her chuckle. "Well, I started out like a lot of starstruck women. Left high school and headed to California to make my fame and fortune."
I chuckled lightly.
"Yeah. So after a lot of waitress jobs and such while I was waiting to be discovered, I answered a casting call for an R-rated movie with my roommate. We didn't get any parts, but I got a call from the casting office a few days later. They had another movie they wanted me to consider." She took a deep breath, "It was an X-rated movie."
"The offer couldn't have come at a worse time. I was a week from having my car repossessed and being kicked out of my apartment. I hid my car at a friend's house, talked my roommate into giving me another extension, and went with head hung low to make my money."
"The first one was hard, I had to fake everything and even then we had to redo some scenes. But I made it through it, paid off my debts, and even paid ahead a little. And then the next call came, and the next and the next."
"I got some advice from one of the former actresses, getting the piercings and tattoos so they couldn't use body doubles and making sure I was paid for stuff I was in." She sighed, "Sad to say I was getting into it. A lot of it was fake, but some scenes were pretty real, us really getting into it. They were my rose colored glasses."
"I was rolling in the dough I thought, but getting into more and more hard core stuff. I could say no in the office, but on set it was like I was compelled to do things. It took several years before I had the nerve to talk to someone about it."
She tipped her head back against my shoulder and stared at the ceiling for a bit before continuing. I took advantage of the situation to lightly kiss her shoulder. I got a nice soft sigh from her.
"Basically, I'm a throwback, a cave woman. Tell me to do something and I'll pretty much do it. The shrink called it being submissive. I'm not into bondage and pain and all that stuff. And if you tell me ahead of time, there is a good chance I'll come to my senses. But on the spot, if you tell me to strip, drop, and deep throat your cock in front of your mother and I'll do it without thinking about it and get off on it at the same time."
"EWWWWWW."
Penny snickered, "Okay, bad example. Downtown Christmas day at high noon."
"Better, kinda."
"So earlier, when you bent me over and had your way with me. I wasn't hurting, I was out of my mind with pleasure." She paused, "Weird huh?"
"Everybody has their quirks." I let my hands come up until it was just my fingertips playing with her nipples like little joysticks. I smiled, an apt analogy.
Penny wiggled back against my firming cock, "That's a common one with men."
I chuckled, "Yeah, I'm guilty." I rolled them between thumb and finger making Penny sigh. "I guess it's part arousal, part instinct. I know the arousal part is not always real. There are women like you that have nice firm nipples all the time even when they are not aroused, and I dated a woman whose nipples never, ever, stood up. Barely a little bump even when she was screaming to the hills in orgasm."
Penny snickered and pushed out into my hands. I used her tits to pull her back into me making her sigh. "That's why I got out of porn and into escorting. Basically, high price short term private porn. I knew what was coming, and I knew it was going to be over pretty shortly."
She gave a BIG sigh, "That conversation I overheard, when Hunter was going to have a couple of guys knocked off." Another BIG sigh, "I was spread eagle on the bed, a ball gag in my mouth, a big vibrating dildo in my cunt, and two pillows under my hips to put my ass in the air."
I was picturing that in my mind, and between a rock and a hard place reacting to it. The scene was fucking hot to imagine, but imagining Penny tied up like that killed the hot.
"And I wasn't tied down, I prepped like that for him," came out softly and slowly. "Because he told me to," barely above a whisper.
I was staring at the wall, and Penny was quivering in my arms. I had no fucking clue what to say.
"Hillary showed up a little later, and we spent the rest of the day getting our asses fucked. Sometimes in a sixty-nine, other times in line with a face in the others cunt." She snorted, "But we had to keep the dildos in our cunts to make it feel like Hunter had more than a little hot dog between his legs. I'm not positive I would have actually felt him in my ass otherwise."
It took a second, then I had to laugh. That was the worst comment a woman could make about a guy. Small enough she wouldn't know for sure if he put his cock in her ass.
When we finally quit laughing I took a long slow series of kisses on the top of her shoulder headed for her neck. "I hate to say it, but you may be disappointed in me. I'd venture to guess I've had more sex in the last few days than since I first got laid."
"You heard Hattie's opinion of my sex life," I continued. "I've had the few odd girlfriends, but not a lot of sex. The usual missionary, doggie, eating pussy, and I thought I'd had a decent blowjob until you swallowed me down."
That made her giggle.
"Then you tell me that if I told you to, you'd not only bend over and spread your ass, but enjoy a good hard fucking as well." I had to stop and think, "And you're into women on top of that. I mean it is the ultimate man's fantasy, but I'm not sure I can get my head around it."
"I can't say I'm into women, more like into being with a woman for you."
"Okay," I said slowly.
"It's not the being with her that I enjoy, it's the looks I get from him as he watches us. Trying to do things that will get him off."
Ah, that made a little more sense. "I can try and not be so suggestive."
Penny took a deep breath, "Or my husband can use and display his willing wife."
That took me by surprise. "Really?"
"I'll try and not pop my tits and nipples out around your family, and you try and not put me over your knee and spank my bare ass." Penny giggled, "Well not my bare ass, maybe a thong at least."
We cuddled and kissed a bit as we talked the little things out, then Penny stood and went toward the bedroom. "I'll meet you in bed."
I heard the shower start, and crawled into bed with a raging hard on. The shower stopped and started a few times, then Penny came out looking squeaky clean and radiant. Then she surprised the holly hell out of me.
Penny stopped just barely on the bed and lifted my cock. It took me a moment to realize she was lubing my cock. She wiped her hand and crawled up beside me, face in the bed, knees tucked under to her tits, and ass in the air. "Take me husband," she said softly as she spread her cheeks.
It was an eternity and a flash. I was looking at her and jumping up behind her. Her ass was lubed and slightly spread. Penny groaned softly as I put the tip of my cock against her. I was nudging a bit when she got impatient. I was nudging forward and Penny slammed back taking me to my balls in one stroke. "Yessssssss," she hissed.
Well fuck this. I grabbed her hips and just slammed into her ass over and over. Both of us screaming and cumming until I collapsed on her with my cock still twitching as I held her tight. It was different having my cock still trapped in her ass even if I was going soft. She giggled when she rolled away making me pop out. She got me standing and us to the shower. I was cleaned and entertained. It is so fucking hot watching a woman shower for you.
We cuddled and we groped, and I tried to get used to it. It would take me a long time to get used to a womanwantingto be told what to do. To put her body on display, or to be used for my sexual satisfaction.
Penny was spooned in front of me, my firm cock in the crease of her ass. "So was that good for you?" she asked wiggling that ass back against me.
I was glad she was in front of me so she couldn't see my face. "That's the first time I ever... well... um."
That ass was picking up speed moving up and down my cock. "So we'll have to try it a few more times to see huh?"
I gave her tits a soft squeeze, "But you enjoy it."
"Mmm, yeah. It's not like I hate it, but I'm not some ass slut either." She put her hand to her mouth giggling.
"What?"
"Remember I said Hillary and I spent our day getting our asses fucked?"
"Yeah."
"Well that old broad was a certified ass slut. She'd whine if she had to take a cock in her cunt, but got off on the guys fucking her ass. She was depraved enough to suck that cock clean after it had been in her ass or anyone else's."
"EWWWWW, that's just plain sick."
"Yeah, she and her husband were quite the pair. She wanted cock in her ass and throat, he wanted young flat chested girls that looked under age. They'd gang up on some eighteen year old and he'd fuck the kid's ass then she'd slurp him clean so they could start all over again. She'd pass out when he fucked her ass and pushed her face into the kid's cunt while he did it."
"Wow," was all I could say.
"Yeah, there are some really sick puppies out there, and most of them are the ones you'd never expect. All prim and proper out and about saying shit about others to deflect from themselves and their nasty flip side in the bedroom."
"Did you ever..."
"I only met him once and didn't know it at the time. Having him in my ass was no big deal, as in really nobigdeal. It was okay, but he'd get lost in even a decent cunt. Barely long enough to hit my throat."
I didn't know if I should groan or chuckle at that.
Penny pulled away, rolled me to my back, then turned to take a much closer inspection of my cock while her glistening pussy was just above me. Her soft moan as she slowly took me to my balls was almost a religious experience.
She licked a little at the head of my cock as she slowly but firmly stroked me. "So what kind of things have you thought about doing with a girl?"
"I... Um..."
She took a sloooooow lick up the underside of my cock. "So let's eliminate all the usual's. Deep throat, anal, and three ways." I twitched. "We can do those anytime." I tried not to twitch again.
"Titty fucks?" that came with a not so slow lick.
"Tried it once, no twice. Didn't work with little tits, she had to hold my cock in her cleavage. The big tits were okay, but they were starting to sag and came with big everything else so no."
"Where'd you cum with them?"
"Tissue and cleavage."
"What, no painting tits and faces?"
The stroking was picking up speed and I was hard.
"Isn't that one of the all-time male fantasies? Standing above a woman stroking that hard cock as she watches his hand while she plays with her body for him. Feeling his eyes following her fingers as she goes from tits to cunt and back. And when you're ready, what would be hotter? Shooting all over her tits, or seeing her with her mouth open wanting you to cover her face?"
I pulled that engorged pussy down to my face as I erupted between her lips. Stroking my cock when her lips were wrapped around the head sucking the very life out of me while I did my best to drink her dry.
I woke being lightly kissed. "Might have to try that a few times to see what you like better." She pulled up right beside my ear, "I'll try not to squirt too much when you cover my face."
- - -
The next two days were torture, pure unadulterated torture. Penny was in and out of the bedroom trying different outfits on to see what I liked. Then it was down to what bras and panties / thongs / g-strings I preferred. Of course, bra trials were bottomless, and vice versa for the bottoms.
I tackled her and hauled her off to bed at least twice daily, and that was before the evening shower.
Saturday morning we slept in, well, we stayed in bed. It was difficult to crawl out and take a shower after two hours of passion.
I slipped on some jeans and my old college sweatshirt. Penny came out and all I could do was stare. It wasn't fancy, but it was HOT.
Simple jeans that clung to her ass just enough but not too tight. A dress shirt without pockets just thin enough to show the lace bra. That in turn thin was enough to let her nipples stand out a bit and a good shadow of her dark areola.
She came up, gave me a soft kiss, then put her head on my chest. "I take it you approve. I wasn't sure if I darkened my nipples enough or if I should have done them darker."
I groaned, "My brothers are going to want to eat you alive and their wives are going to want to kill you."
Penny tipped her head up grinning, "There's only one brother's appetite I'm worried about, and so far he's eating just fine." That was said as she ground her mound against my hard cock.
"If we don't get going I'm hauling your ass back to bed."
Penny grinned, "As good as it sounds to have you balls deep in my ass, all the sheets are in the laundry." I groaned again. "But I ordered another dozen on Morty's card."
I held her close and squeezed her ass.
"You keep that up and this tiny g-string won't stop me from leaving a big wet spot."
I gave her ass a good swat.
"Tease."
I got a good grip on that ass and steered her out the door and to the elevator.
"Now you're just making my nipples ache."
They got pinched and played with on the ride down, and Penny was a bit flushed. She undid one more button on the way over. One more than what was 'appropriate', but it gave me a nice look into her shirt at a lace covered tit.
We pulled up in the driveway and amazingly there was an open space right where it could be seen out the front window. I was going to get out but Penny pulled me to her and laid one hell of a kiss on me. While I was still in a daze I watched her reapply her bright red lipstick, then she took her thumb and wiped what she had left behind on my lips. All I could do was smile. All right, it was an ear to ear fucking grin!
The curtains fell back into place as we got out of the car.
We walked hand in hand to the door, but I didn't get a chance to knock. Mom pulled it open and gave me a big bear hug. She turned to Penny and hesitated. Penny finished it and stepped to mom for a hug.
"Well come in, come in." mom herded us to the den. There was a big roar as somebody did something on the field. "He's here!" mom had to shout.
Bill turned his head and was probably going to show his ass when he stopped. I barely held back a snicker. I felt the slightest elbow from Penny's arm wrapped through mine.
I was right, in less than a minute the TV was the only noise in the room. My brothers and my sister's husband only had eyes for Penny.
"Guys this is Penny, my new wife." She glowed and gave me a peck on the corner of my mouth. "Penny, this is..." I made the rounds of family and kids. Penny treated them all like royalty. My brother's wives had dressed up a bit for today, but none of them held a candle to my Penny. There was nice, there was pretty, and there was class. Then there was Penny, simply elegant.
We sat back and off to the side a bit on an old love seat. But Penny turned her back just a bit and leaned back into me. I put my arm over her shoulder and hand down on the side of her tit. We cuddled, my brothers were having a hard time concentrating on the game.
Mom at least tried to carry on a conversation, and we passed on 'our story'.
"When I got the text last week, I had to fly out to Vegas. That evening I was sitting down in the lounge killing the evening when this vision walked through the door."
"Stop!" Penny groaned and swatted at me.
"I'd had a really bad day with a really bad boss." Penny continued, then reached down and flexed her fingers like she was grabbing ass. Mom got a bit of fire in her eyes. "We got a notice our apartment building was being sold and demolished so we had ninety days to find something. All in all just not good."
Mom shook her head but wanted Penny to continue, otherwise, she would have interrupted with questions.
"Titus was sitting at the bar nursing a drink."
"He always was a lightweight," Bill called out. His wife smacked him. "What?" then turned his attention back to the game.
"We struck up a conversation, I don't even remember about what. Next thing we know it's three in the morning. We said our goodbyes and promised to meet in the morning for breakfast. I don't think I slept a wink."
My sister-in-law snickered.
"So I rush back to the restaurant and there he is,My Prince Charming."
It was my turn to groan. Mom grinned.
"We haven't been apart since. Two days after we met, he asked, and I said yes."
"You mean you screamed yes."
Penny blushed and I got a nice kiss. We just looked at each other. This was not part of the script, but it was... I started to lean back toward her, getting lost in her eyes.
"Ahem!"
I glanced at Mom, then grinned and gave Penny a not so quick peck. Fred made gagging sounds until someone slapped him on the back of the head.
I'm curious, if I kiss Penny again, will he get slapped again?
I was being given the 'mom eye' now, complete with a raised eyebrow. "I do hope you are going to find a better place to live now."
Penny looked at mom, "What's wrong with his place?"
Mom looked at Penny with pity in her eyes, "Oh honey. I know love can blind you, but that dinky little apartment. It's just so..."
I chuckled, Mom and Penny looked at me. I turned to a confused Penny. "Mom still thinks I live up by the college."
"But..." she turned to Mom.
"When did you move honey?"
"Which time?"
Mom went a bit wide eyed, she wanted to ask, but not in front of Penny.
And then Penny did it, oh fuck... You know those time delay circuits they use for live TV to cut something in case someone says something they shouldn't. I really, REALLY, wished I had one right now. "Honey, why don't we have everybody over after I get settled in? What do you say?" She had that twinkle in her eye that should have set off warning bells.
"Sure dear. It will take a few weeks to get everything settled, but sure."
Mom won a battle, so it was time to gloat a little and go for winning the war. Before I knew it, mom was inviting Penny down to see my old room. I had left as much as possible behind when I went off to college.
Downstairs and through the family room, otherwise known as Mom's sewing room, through the partition wall and back around to my old corner. We never got that far, and it still makes me grin.
There was a support pole for the main house beam, and Penny spotted it. She took a few steps towards it, then leaped and spun around on it leaning back as she went around a few times.
"Oh I haven't been on a pole in months. Can we get one honey?"
I was stunned, and mom was coughing.
"It would be so much nicer to have one at home instead of going down to the fitness center to work out."
"Huh?" I asked.
"What, don't they have them out here? All the good facilities in Vegas have pole classes. It's the best workout and it makes you use muscles you don't normally exercise."
I heard choking from behind me and turned to see Gail all red faced. "Well, I guess if it will save you trips to the fitness center we can look at some." I said still facing Gail. She decided to go back upstairs.
Penny jumped up and wrapped her arms around me, she turned to mom, "Isn't he just the best?" then gave me one hell of a kiss. We were alone when we resurfaced. I just wrapped my arm around her and grabbed her ass as we resumed our kiss and grind. She had to wipe my lips and reapply her lipstick again.
We stuck around for another two hours, but there were enough mom interruptions of our kissing and groping that we needed to get home. We didn't make it, well not quite.
We were two blocks away from the house when Penny leaned over and began undoing my pants while trying to caress and squeeze my cock through my slacks. They were pulled open and down a bit along with my shorts. Penny dove in.
She got two not so good strokes, then popped off, flipped the console lid up and out of the way then leaned down and took me to my balls. I was barely keeping it between the lines.
Penny gave me a bit of a break, she just enjoyed sucking and swallowing for a little bit. I had just gotten used to a hot babe sucking me down while driving when she went into overdrive. Throat fucking while driving can make you lose concentration, but I will HIGHLY recommend it.
Penny kicked back pleased with herself and glancing at my cock hanging out. I looked down and grinned at the bright red lipstick ring at the base of my cock. I don't know what Bill would be more jealous of, the fact that she could do it easily, or that she sat there grinning with cum on her chin afterward.
My hands were brought to tits in the elevator, and Penny strutted to the back of the couch and bent over pulling her slacks down as she leaned over. Her thighs were wet.
I dropped my slacks and slid into a wet and willing pussy, a very willing pussy.
"FUCK MY GOD DAMN CUNT!"
I grabbed her hips and just began enjoying her. I also discovered that since she had gotten me off on the trip home, I was in no hurry to blast off in her. Oh yeah, I enjoyed pounding her hard and making her scream in orgasm. Then I'd slow down a little then pick my pace up and listen to her keen before she went off again. I barely held off for her fourth orgasm, but the fifth did me in. Penny was spasming and flailing and speaking in tongues as she came around me. The screech she let out when I filled her pussy should have broken windows for miles around.
I stood there buried in her still quivering pussy, hands braced on her ass as I slowly softened. I stood back as I began to slip from her, and looked down. "That has got to be the fucking hottest thing I have ever seen."
Then the former porn star surprised me. "Take a picture, I want to see."
I pulled my phone out and stepped back one more step to get it all in. Her ass and pussy in the air, her gaping pussy filled with cum and overflowing. I got one pic, then two more as a large dribble ran down her thigh.
I stepped around the other side of the couch and held it down so she could see. Penny moaned and pulled my cum covered cock to her mouth and cleaned me when she looked at pics of her overflowing pussy.
She was still bent over the couch, bare ass in the air. She slowly stroked me as she flipped back and forth between the pics, "Makes me wish we had the place wired for video. I want to see if it looks as hot as it feels."
Then she gasped and looked up at me beet red realizing she had said that out loud.
I smiled, "It looked damn hot from my point of view." And I took a chance, "What would be hotter, watching yourself live, or watching yourself do something from the previous round while I ravage your body?"
Penny was trying not to grin and biting her lip. I reached under to play with her tit and she lifted to give me better access. "So what would it be for you? Watching up between our legs as I plowed your pussy or ass?" that got a hiss before Penny pulled me forward to suck my cock down.
"Or would it be for me? Watching up between my legs as you gorged yourself on my cock? Seeing the expression on your face as you played with your food." Penny groaned. "Mmmmm, and seeing the look on your face when you felt the pulses in my cock as I unload down your throat."
Penny squealed and collapsed down to the couch trying to rip her nipples off as her whole body quivered in orgasm. Her breathing returned close to normal, and she was getting her arms under her.
Well, let's give it a shot. "Stay there, I want to look at you again." She moaned and dropped her face back to the couch. I'll take that as a good sign.
I stepped back behind her and started to firm back up at what I saw. Penny had spread her legs as far as her jeans around her thighs would let her. Her pussy lips were engorged deep red, her juices flowing in a little trickle from her pussy, a healthy mix of hers and my cum. But it had now run down to her jeans and was beginning to soak in.
I lightly ran my fingertip along the edge of one lip. "Oh isn't that fucking hot. Dribbling horny pussy. So wet and horny I could slip right in there, or even put a jumbo dildo in there."
Penny let out a loud moan and quivered a little increasing the flow from her pussy.
"If we had prepared, we could have another hot babe slip her fist in that sloppy pussy while I drove my cock in your ass. Double fucked by fist and cock..."
Penny started spasming and her hips quaking in orgasm. I couldn't take it and let my slacks drop and drove into her pussy almost missing and driving into her ass. Her head came up in a massive scream and she grabbed fistfuls of cushion as I fucked and fucked and fucked.
It was pure cave man fucking of a screaming willing woman. I just grabbed her hips and gave it all I could. Penny was in one long orgasm, and took it up a notch I didn't think possible when I hooked my thumb in her ass for a better grip.
And then she collapsed. I pulled from her still quivering body and ran around the couch to check her. She was still breathing and her pulse was fast but she was okay. Even as I pulled her jeans up and was carrying her to the shower I had to grin. Never made a woman pass out from cumming before!
Undressing a limp woman is not as easy as it sounds. Might not have been too bad if we were on the bed, but in the bathroom, it was a daunting challenge. Even her disheveled look laid back on the toilet was hot. I got a few murmurs as I picked her up and got us into the shower. She came alive long enough to put her arms around my neck, and was barely able to support herself as I dried her off.
I laid her back on the bed, and if I'd had the ability, I would have ravaged her all over again. Laid back, knee kicked out and arms spread. Practically unconscious, and still on display to me.
I pulled the comforter up as I kissed up her body. Baby smooth mound, nipples standing proud, soft neck, and soft lips. Little sounds acknowledging my touch but that was it.
I gathered our clothes, smiling at the crotch of her jeans being TOTALLY soaked. Walking back out to the great room and grinning again. This huge room with twelve foot ceilings and her aroma filled every cubic inch of it.
I made a sandwich and took it out to the balcony and kicked back on the lounger watching the boats on the ocean. Seeing a few of the larger yachts and remembering wishing I had some hot babe out there with them. Smiling knowing I had the hottest babe I could imagine in my bed.
I was just about to the point of having to go in or turn over when Penny came out slowly. She sat in the lounger beside me, but didn't say anything or look at me. FUCK. "Penny, I'm sorry if I took it too far, if I hurt you it wasn't..." that's as far as I got.
Penny launched off her recliner, straddled mine, and laid my barely firm cock up my belly. Then she situated her wet lips on either side and laid on me with her lips on mine going tonsil hunting.
I wrapped my arms around her as she began grinding her lips and clit against me. I let my hands drop a bit and her hips picked up speed. Against my better 'normal' judgment I let my hands drop to her ass and gave it a soft squeeze.
Penny's head came up as she screamed in orgasm then collapsed on me, her hips still trying to work her clit against my now hard cock.
"I'm not sure about earlier inside, but there's a good chance the neighbors heard that one." She just giggled.
We managed to untangle long enough to shift back inside with Penny right back on my lap. I gave her a light kiss, then held her chin so she couldn't look away. "I'm trying to get used to this, I'm just worried that I'll go too far, that somehow you might..."
I got a soft kiss and a grin. "You haven't even come close."
"Even when you passed out?"
Penny was turning red and grinning.
"Okay, but we need a way to know if we've gone too far, either of us."
"How about a safe word?"
I thought a bit, then grinned at the memory of the first time I brought her home. "Anchovies?"
She giggled and nodded her head grinning.
"One down, a hundred million questions to go."
Penny swatted at me then laid her head on my chest. "I'm not that bad."
I kissed her forehead, "No you're sex on legs and every man's dream come true. I'm just afraid of being "a guy" and screwing things up by taking it too far."
"Like?"
"Like the other day in the mall. Walking around with a hot braless babe on my arm is a fantasy I can cross off my list."
"You showing me off was one of mine too," she said softly.
"Glad I could help."
Penny tipped her head up and looked at me, "Does that mean we can't do it again?"
Time to take another chance, "Maybe in a loose knit top that your nipples can poke through?"
I got the lip biting nod I was coming to accept as a definite yes.
"But how far is too far? Sheer tops, sheer dresses, jacking off on your face and strutting you around with cum dripping from your nose and chin?"
Penny reached down between us and began slowly stroking my firming cock, "Would you do that? Would you mark me and show me off like that?"
I looked at her with my mouth hanging open, "Would you really?..."
"I'd drop to my knees in center court and jack you onto my face myself if you told me to. And even knowing it ahead of time I'd still do it."
"I... I..."
"For the right man..." she paused and took a deep breath, "For you," Penny gave me a soft kiss, "I would gladly wear your mark. Put a wide leather collar on me that marks me as yours and I would grin as you buckled it up."
I gulped and got hard, she grinned and wiggled on my hard cock. "For as fucking hot as that sounds, I don't think we could get away with it for very long."
Penny turned and started grinding her wet pussy on my hard cock, "So if you could, how would you mark me as yours? Something that would stand out and still be acceptable." This was said as she brought my hands to her tits and encouraged me to grope and play.
I saw my picture on the wall behind her and grinned. "Bright red lipstick, braless with nipples standing out."
Penny lifted enough to stand my cock up and sink down with a groan, "Too easy. How about a thick chrome ring around my neck?"
Penny was alternating between grinding and fucking herself on my cock. "That would be a bit much. How about you wear a choker all the time?"
One hand came up to her neck before dropping back and picking her pace up. "With a lock on it?"
"Sometimes, or a big thick heart shaped ring. If it was appropriate, a long chain down into your cleavage to draw your eye to those beauties."
Penny was giving herself a good fucking, "A chain... between... my nipples?" she got out between strokes.
I gave the bars in her nipples a slight twist, "I could see that."
Penny collapsed on me, cumming on my cock. I let her slow a little, then grabbed her ass and continued fucking her from underneath. We soaked the couch. I was glad it was washable.
We rolled to the floor still coupled, and I lifted up a bit to see her eyes closed and grinning.
"The next one goes on my tits and face and I want pictures of it. Every time until I get my chokers."
I kissed the tip of her nose. "So should we run right out and get one, or wait a few days?"
Penny covered her face with her hands but was grinning, then rolled us over and sucked my cock clean before dashing to the shower.
I came in as she was finishing, but I wasn't allowed to shower. Well, not myself. I was forced to stand there while Penny lathered me up and made sure every little bit was squeaky clean. She pouted when I insisted on drying us, but after we were dry I pulled her back to me, lifted and squeezed her tits, then rolled a nipple while my finger made a short trip to her pussy. She was just wet enough to slip a finger in and around her clit before bringing it back to my lips to lick it clean. She was also not happy that that was all I was going to do right then.
We cuddled on the bed and discussed her implant and tattoo removal. She was having a love hate decision on the implant removal. She didn't mind getting back down to what she had, but she was worried about being saggy. I kissed her while doing my best to grope and play with her tits to assure her we'd find someone well qualified to do it up right.
Penny was running her finger on the back of my hand that was enjoying her nipple. "Could we um, like make them um, stand out a bit more?" Then she looked at me, "Since you like them that way that is?" the last part coming out in one quick sentence.
"What about what you want?"
There was that lip biting thing again. "Well, I like guys looking, but especially you looking. They stand out okay in thinner tops, but kinda get lost in thicker ones."
I was lightly playing with them, rolling and moving, feeling them stiffen a little. "You know, there will be another problem if you have them sticking out even further."
Her brows came together, "Like what?"
"Well with them sticking out like that, it's going to start with just looking. But then I'm going to have to reach over and play with them, and playing with them, that damn top is going to get in the way so you'll have to go topless."
Penny sighed and pressed her tit into my fingers.
"And that starts a whole new problem. With you topless like that, then I have to get two hands involved, then leaning over to suck and nibble and maybe even a light nip or two. And when I can smell your pussy even through your jeans, well that's all she wrote. I'll have to stand up and make you suck my cock until I blast all over those tits and nipples, probably be distracted enough I may miss and put a few shots across your face even."
There was a wild growl, then Penny was scooting down and inhaling my cock. This was a throat fuck like she had never done. Slamming her face into my groin I was afraid she'd break her nose. And it was going to be short lived. With me imagining all I was telling her, I put my hand on the back of her head, "COMING!!!"
I got a few shots down her throat, then Penny pulled back and rolled us to her back. One arm held me up off of her as the other jacked every last drop I had left on her face and tits. I'm not sure who quivered more, her running the tip of my cock across her cum covered nipples, or me for having her do it.
I fell beside her watching those cum covered tits rise and fall, seeing the nice rope across her nose and chin.
"Camera," she panted.
"No... energy..." I managed to get out.
Penny groaned, then managed to stagger to my pants to get my phone. Even in my drained state, I smiled. She went to the big mirror and took pictures of her cum covered tits and face. I half expected her to put the camera directly in front of her face to hide it. But she proudly held the camera beside her face and grinned into each and every picture.
Straight on, and several rotating until it was almost in profile but still enough to see both tits. Then she stepped real close to the mirror and took them all over again, plus adding a couple of her wiping my cum from her nipple and licking it off.
She handed me my phone and began wiping up my cum to lick it from her fingers. "That was so fucking hot, if I wasn't so exhausted I'd be rolling you to your back and pounding your pussy until you screamed."
"Promise?"
I groaned and fell back to the bed.
Penny took the phone from me and flipped back and forth, then stopped and handed me the phone. "If I had red lipstick, that would be a good one to put on the wall."
It was a pic of her at roughly a forty-five with a shit eating grin on her face and a drop of cum about to fall from the far nipple. "We'd have to put it up in here. Out there and you'd piss everybody off. The guys wanting it from their women, and the women not wanting to give it up."
Her eyes went wide, "Uh Uuuuh."
"The guys quit bragging on their wives several years ago. And I don't think Gail has left the house without her girdle and padded bra in at least two years."
We were laughing and I had a very sticky woman laying on me. She tipped her head up, "So we'll just have to put something a little less risky up out there then?"
I gave up, "Fine, we can put something else up out there."
We managed to separate before we were permanently attached and made it to the shower, again. Penny wasn't happy I was taking the time to lather and clean her. I put my finger across her lips.
"Penny my love, I know I don't have to. While I thoroughly love watching you in the shower, there are those occasional times when I want to run my soapy hands up and down and around your delicious body. Running my finger over your clit and rosebud or trying to get a grip on those soapy nipples."
"Oh," and got a soft kiss and a grin as I did my best to get a hold of those soapy mounds. If we hadn't both been so exhausted, we would have gone for another round there and then.
- - -
She's trying to kill me, that's all there is to it. For the next three days, she did her best to drain me.
When we got up, she had me down her throat until I was jacked off on tits and face. Somewhere between eleven and one as I was taking a break between projects, she would come in, swivel my chair around, and inhale me until I gave her a fresh coat. I tried to work late just to recuperate.
I was drained again before supper, and one last time just outside the shower.
Thursday morning I was at least able to make it out of bed, my feet hit the floor just before she inhaled my cock. I had to put a hand on her head to keep standing, and it only spurred her on more.
I fell back to the bed and watched her push the cum around on her tits. I didn't stagger to my desk that morning, I was on a mission. I went through three of my miscellaneous drawers until I found it. "AH HAH!" I held up about a foot and a half of a small red ribbon.
Penny had tears in her eyes as I approached her. She leaned forward and tipped her head back a bit as I put it around her neck and tied it in a nice bow.
She squealed and dashed to the mirror. "Oh honey, I love it." She sauntered back to me, "I can't wait for the rest of it."
"Huh?"
She gave me a soft kiss, "There's nothing hanging on it."
I moaned, she grinned and gave me a quick kiss.
I was on the hunt again. I had gone through all the miscellaneous drawers again, then started in on my dresser. I knew it was there somewhere. I was running out of places to look when it hit me.
I grabbed my go bag and tore into the little kit inside. "YESSSSS!" there was one of those little cheapy locks that come with cheap luggage. Just about anything would open it, but it was a lock. I gave it a tweak of the body and it popped right open. I was holding it in front of me as I came around the corner.
Penny's hands went to her mouth, then almost crumpling, she went to her knees spreading them to put her pussy on display, tipped her head back, and crossed her arms behind her back thrusting her tits out. I had to slow and take her in.
I slipped the little shackle behind the ribbon, and Penny gasped when it clicked closed. She leaned forward and kissed beside my firming cock, then pulled back and slowly took me to the root twice. Holding me deep and licking my balls with a throat full before releasing me.
Penny stood and led me to my desk, kissed me softly on my cheek, and walked slowly out of the room.
I was a bit concerned until I heard "YIPPIE!" from the living room.
I actually was catching up. I got a sandwich and a soft kiss for lunch, and Penny had ordered in for supper.
We were cuddling watching a movie, and when she came back from a bathroom break I pulled her back against me and kissed her neck just above the ribbon. I felt the shiver go through her. I took it as a good sign.
I reached around to cup her tits and she moved her arms out of the way to give me full access. "So I guess we should go shopping for a few more chokers?"
She sighed, "Please..." her mouth opened, but she didn't say anything.
"And?" lifting her tits just a little by her nipples.
"And maybe a chain between my nipples?" she said softly.
I chuckled, "You know with a chain between your nipples and a low neckline men will never look you in the face again."
"And if they do, they'll see that I belong to you."
I held her tight. "Wow" was all I could say.
Penny put her hands on mine, "Is that too... am I being too..."
I nipped her neck short circuiting her thought train. "No, I'm just still getting used to having a fantasy girl."
"Oh," was said with a little giggle.
I rolled her nipples a bit making her sigh. "When do you want to go shopping?"
Penny giggled, "You make shopping sound like torture."
I slid one hand down towards her pussy, she spread her legs to let me play. "Well up until I met you, torture was putting it mildly."
Penny was beginning to pant as I played with her clit. Then she hooked her legs outside mine and rolled her hips to give me full access to her.
"How about after lunch. The crowd will have died down a bit, then we won't have to worry about overloading the ambulance service to haul off all the guys that walk into walls or have heart attacks when they get a glimpse of your hot bod."
Penny's legs snapped shut on my fingers as she orgasmed in my arms.
I carried her to the shower for a bottom half rinse, and then to bed. This was the first time I had taken a shower by myself since she came. I found I missed the company of a hot soapy woman.
Penny cuddled against me and was right back asleep before I took two breaths.
- - -
If I laugh, she's going to kill me.
Penny woke up, then went into a fit. She had her ribbon around her neck, but the lock was 'gone'.
I let her frantically search the bed until I stopped her and pulled it from behind her neck. I smiled, she stormed out of the bedroom. I snickered, but I don't think she heard me. I headed for my office with a fresh cup of coffee and dug in.
When she brought me a second cup around ten, she leaned over my shoulder and stroked my chest hair, "When are we going shopping?"
I sat back and sighed, "Shopping huh, and what do you think I should do for you making me go shopping?"
"I... Um..."
I turned to her still stammering. "Here's what we're going to do. When I stop for lunch, we're going to have a nice sandwich. As soon as you finish your last bite, I'm going to drive hard and fast into your ass until I fill it." Penney grinned and squeaked.
"Then I'm going to flip you over and have juicy pussy for desert, at least two orgasms worth. Then we will go shopping."
I guess I got that one right, Penny went tonsil hunting then literally skipped out the door.
About eleven thirty I heard the shower start and stop several times, I was grinning and hard. I had softened a bit by the time she called lunch. She was eyeing my half-mast cock like a lioness in heat. I gave her ass a good swat.
I looked at her ass and the stools while we ate. This was the first time I was glad I got just the plain stools, no backs. And if it worked the way I hoped, this wouldn't be the last time they were used this way.
Penny finished several bites before me, and was just watching for me to take the last bite. I set the last one down instead of eating it and before she knew it I was behind her. I put my knee on the little cross bar just under the seat and grabbed her hips to pull her all the way back, her knees against the front.
I bent my knees and drove up into the lubed ass waiting for me. Perfect height! With my hands on her waist, I just started hammering her ass.
Penny screeched and launched forward grabbing the edges of the counter for stability and started screaming in orgasm as dishes went flying. Highs, lows, warbles, keening, and all. Just one nice long spasming orgasm until I couldn't hold back and erupted in her ass.
We stopped just long enough for me to catch my breath, then I lifted her up and laid her on her back as her legs flopped out. I grinned at the puddle on the stool running off the edge, but there was more where that came from.
I cupped her ass to help it close as I began licking and slurping at her inflamed pussy.
The head came up screeching.
I put two fingers in and the head slammed back and the hips arched up. I was finger fucking her g-spot and slurping away at a flowing pussy. Penny arched several times before I let her down. And just because, I grabbed my phone and got several good pictures of her legs flopped out and her inflamed pussy still draining.
I walked slowly to the bedroom, partially because I was enjoying the sight of Penny sprawled on the counter, and partially because that's all the energy I had.
Penny came in staggering as bad as I did and was going to head for the shower.
"Don't rinse it off."
Her head snapped around, and I looked down at her wet thighs and licked my lips. She had a burst of energy and scooted to me for a deep kiss while I groped her wet mound... and dipped a finger in rubbing her clit and making her moan.
She headed for her side of the dresser, then stopped and turned grinning. "Panties and bra?"
"They'd just get in the way of feeling you up."
Another moan with a side of grin and rolling eyes. Penny dashed to the closet and came out with a short skirt and the shirt she wore to Mom's. The shirt went on but not buttoned. The skirt was pulled up and the shirt tucked in with the extra gathered behind her leaving a four inch strip of bare skin right down the front.
She leaned over to put her bright red lipstick on letting the shirt below open. Even with the bigger tits, it was hot seeing them hanging there. I reached under the back of her skirt to slip a finger in her pussy, "See, I told you they would have gotten in the way."
She squeaked when I drug my wet finger over her still lubed ass. I pressed my finger tip in and out real quick, "May have to top you up again somewhere along the way."
That got me a long drawn out soft moan.
"Grab a few towels to sit on."
Grinning, Penny dashed to get them. I smiled. It is going to take some getting used to being with a woman that wants to fulfill a man's wild fantasies of playing with her and showing her off. I would have thought I had crossed the line several times already, but she just grinned and did it all without question.
Penny made quite the production of holding her skirt way up to spread the towels and sit on them.
I had just turned out on the main street, and took another chance. "Show me your pussy," I said without taking my eyes from the road.
I saw movement out of the corner of my eye and then about ran off the road.
Penny had turned and put her knee up on the console to spread her legs in my direction asi half expected. But she had also lifted her skirt well above her waist and used her fingers to spread her inflamed lips.
"Desert in the center food court?"
Penny closed her eyes grinning and shuddering.
I didn't park too close to the doors, but I had an ulterior motive. "Stay beside the truck," I told her as we opened the doors.
I walked around to see her with hands clasped in front of her.
"Lift the front of your skirt."
It was all the way up in a flash. I ran my finger between her wet lips and brought it to mine to lick her juices from it. I was going to kneel down and eat her in the middle of the lot, but then I had an even better thought.
I got my finger nice and wet... and brought it to her shirt on her nipple. Her juices started to make the material transparent. Three trips per nipple had them totally sheer.
I turned her sideways, "Stay like that," and stepped back to take a picture of her holding her skirt up baring her wet pussy and her top see through over her nipples.
She had an ear to ear grin and I was aching to bend her over and fuck her silly again.
I managed to control my urges and took her arm to lead her to the mall. She grumbled about having to let her skirt drop back in place. There was enough of a breeze that her top did dry to translucence. She grinned and snickered at the guy getting swatted by his girlfriend for looking at Penny's nipples.
At first, Penny wanted me to pick them out. I kissed her lips and softly stroked her neck. "No, you pick them out. You know your outfits better than I do. Just get a nice assortment. Some simple and barely there, some that will catch your eye, and one or two that really stand out."
I let the back of my fingers strum the tip of her nipple as I lowered it. I got a smile and a slight hiss for that.
She picked out several of each. Some fancy, some really simple stretchy ones from the teeny bopper store. She grinned when she picked out three wide bright red ones to match her lipstick.
I looked at her nipples still mostly visible through the top. "Next thing you know you'll want bright red pasties."
Penny clamped her legs together, closed her eyes, and shuddered through a nice little orgasm. We were near the back of the store, so, "Face me and lift the front of your skirt."
She almost dropped her bags, then had to shift them to one hand and use just the other to lift her skirt. I bent down and breathed hard on her nipple through the shirt as I ran my finger up the inside of her thigh to collect some juices. Her eyes were locked on mine as I licked my finger clean.
"Drop your skirt, turn around, spread your legs a bit, and lean forward slightly."
Penny moaned as I lifted the back of her skirt and ran my finger up the inside of her thigh. Her hand shot out for stability when I pressed the pad of my thumb to her rosebud and wiggled my finger between her lips.
"Turn around." Penny twirled fast enough to make her short skirt flare out, the stopped open mouthed looked at me, then locking her eyes on my finger. I was sucking her juices from my middle finger... slowly.
"So what would be naughtier? Fucking you silly and making you walk around with cum running down your thighs, or putting another load deep in your prepped and lubed ass?"
Her mouth was moving, but she wasn't speaking.
"Don't answer now, just..." I glanced down at her crotch, "stew on it for a while."
She stood there a moment with her lip biting grin. "Could we... I mean could I..."
I reached forward and strummed the tips of her nipples a few times, "Yes?"
"Could I get something to go between my nipples?" she said softly.
"You're going to ruin it for every prude on the planet you know?"
Penny giggled like a little school girl.
"I don't really need another excuse to look at your hot bod, but I guess."
I was being climbed on and suffocated all at once. I grabbed her ass, then lifted her skirt enough to grab some skin. Even though there was no one behind her, I whispered in her ear. "The guy behind you is going to cum in his shorts looking at your ass."
"Fuuuuccckkkk," she whispered as she slid to her feet. I kept her skirt up for just a moment, but she knew I had flashed her bare ass in the store. Then again maybe the security guys might enjoy the tape.
We strolled through the first jewelry store, several of the guys colliding trying to be the first one to help the hot babe with her nipples standing out. Her top had dried, but the shirt had formed and clung to her nipples. We browsed, but went to the next store.
It was almost a repeat at the next store, but Penny wanted to browse a bit more. When the woman off to one side was done with her customer, Penny walked right up to her.
She glanced at Penny's nipples and I'd swear she licked her lips. "Can I be of service?"
I about choked when Penny responded.
"Master says I can get some chains between my nipples."
"Oh aren't you a lucky girl!" she turned to me, and I noticed what Penny had evidentially already seen. She had a thick solid silver ring around her neck. Not hidden, but not out in the open either. "What did you have in mind Sir." And she said it just like that, Sir with a capital S.
"What are our options?" Hell, I had no clue.
"Pierced or un?"
"Pierced."
She grinned, "Well that gives us so many more options. You can do thin chains that are barely noticeable, some nice medium ones. If she's been misbehaving, there are some exquisite heavy chains that will pull with every step or movement." The last was said with a bit of 'reverence' to it.
"I take it you've had some experience with the heavy chains."
She got the innocent devil grin, "Most certainly Sir. Sir has also made me wear short chains to pull and twist if I've been really bad." The grin got bigger.
"Pull and twist?"
"Mmmm, the joys of pierced nipples. The chain can be short enough to pull together, or wrapped around a few times to twist then sodeliciously!"
They both moaned softly, then snickered at the other having the same reaction.
I turned to Penny, "I think a few of each to start, but remember they have to work after the changes."
The sales girl turned to Penny, "You're pregnant!"
Penny blushed. "I wish. I had implants put in for work, but Sir is having them removed so I can go braless all the time."
She glanced down at her not insignificant chest. "There are times I wish for smaller boobs. But then Sir ties my nipples together and fucks them until he blasts all over my face." She sighed then grinned and in a soft voice continued, "Nothing says they care more than a fresh load of warm creamy sticky cum all over your face."
Both girls sighed, then giggled at each other. I was remembering Penny that way and hoping it was all right., and here she and another girl were sighing over the experience. I was slowly starting to get my head around this, but it was happening. Imagining fucking the sales girls' tits and painting her face didn't hurt.
One of the salesmen had wandered a bit close. She pulled a flat tray from under the counter, "Why don't we go get you a custom fitting."
She went through a curtain, and we followed. She pulled out a small metal sheet about four by eight with diferent sized holes and held it up towards Penny's chest. Penny just pulled her top open to bare her nipples.
"Nice," she said softly. "But you'll need to remove your jewelry to get a proper fitting."
Her eyes were glued to Penny's nipples as she removed her bars. She held the plate up and began trying different sized holes. She got to one that wouldn't quite slip over, licked her fingers like she was going to wet Penny's nipple, then stopped and looked up. "Do you play with girls?"
Penny smiled, "Not by myself, but always for Sir."
The sales girl dropped her hand and slowly ran her tongue around Penny's nipple. I came very close to cumming in my shorts again. She played with as much as worked on getting Penny's nipple size. She began to switch to the other nipple when Penny leaned forward and whispered to her. The sales girl grinned and nodded.
Penny turned to me, "Would Sir object to my returning the favor?' she asked as she cupped the sales girls' tit.
From the smile and giggle, I wasn't able to suppress the moan.
Penny slipped the shirt from the sales girls' shoulders revealing a sturdy corset. But the next part absolutely floored me. From all appearances, she had a healthy chest in the D to DD category with a nice bit of nipple bump.
But the corset was a drop cup like a nursing bra. When Penny dropped the cup all I could do was stare. The cup was a hard shell covering a decent C cup and lovely pierced nipples... in stands holding them out an extra half an inch or so.
Penny leaned down and ran her tongue around the sales girls' nipple, then took the tip of one in her teeth and gave it a little playful shake.
My eyes were locked.
When the sales girl did the same nip and shake to Penny's other nipple I gulped making them both giggle.
Long before I wanted it to end, the measuring and test fitting was completed and cups were snapped back up and tops pulled back in place. I was in danger of leaving a wet spot on the front of my slacks, and that problem was getting resolved SOON!
We thanked the sales girl and headed out the door. I spotted one of the directory kiosks, and then spotted exactly what I was looking for. I took Penny's elbow and we took the escalator down to the lower level with a number of empty spaces. I was walking kinda fast, and around the corner in the back hall was the family restroom.
I pushed Penny in, closed and locked the door, then pushed her over the sink as I dropped my slacks. I let out a growl as I drove my cock in her ass. Coming and fucking with all the pent up energy from the two of them. Penny was doing her best not to scream and not succeeding very well. Our screams and roars just echoed off the tile walls.
I managed to drop to the stool instead of the floor watching Penny's ass in front of me. Her ass closing just in time to keep my cum in her. "We do this too many more times and you're going to need some plugs."
"I'll order a case when we get home."
We chuckled, and we both moaned to get standing. We left the bathroom and one of the female security guards was standing there almost blocking the hall. "Are you okay Miss?" asking Penny, but looking at me.
Penny giggled making the guard's head snap to her. "For a couple of hours at least, then he'll be ready for another round."
The guard's mouth dropped and we went right on by. The expression on her face and a butch haircut said sex was not high on her priority list.
We walked to the escalator, and I turned her to look at her bare strip of skin in the almost open shirt. I took a special interest in her tits. She had tucked the shirt in a bit wider at the bottom, and the inner edge of her areola and the ends of the chains on her nipples were visible. "You know I'm going to use your ass again as soon as we get home."
Penny smiled and lightly caressed my cock through my slacks, "You take such good care of me Sir."
I didn't even say anything, and Penny not only turned and put her pussy on display but pulled her top outside her nipples for the drive home. Hot nearly naked babe in the afternoon sunshine is a beauty to behold.
Penny lifted the back of her skirt and ground against me in the elevator. When we made it to our apartment, I pointed, "Couch, NOW!"
In the dozen steps it took for her to get there the skirt was dropped and the shirt came off. She bent over and reached back to spread her cheeks. She screamed and I roared as I drove in hard and fast. This was like the other day, but we both knew she wanted it so there was no holding back. Even that little bit of doubt was gone the way she was hollering for me to fuck her ass harder and deeper. I was jackhammering away until I grabbed her hips and planted my cock as deep as I could and unloaded sending Penny into a spasming orgasm.
We didn't roll onto the couch but we did both moan as I slipped from her ass. She put her hand back to stop the flow of cum that started to dribble and we went to the shower to clean up.
Penny slowly cleaned me, soaping and rinsing my cock several times 'just in case' she grinned. I took just as much time with her body, spending a bit more time with her ass, and tugging lightly on the cable between her nipples.
She leaned down and was about to swallow me down, then cocked her head grinning at me. "You know, if you tell me a few days ahead of time, I can go on a liquid diet and you can have my ass all day with no problems." Then leaned forward and took me to my balls.
If I hadn't filled her ass not that long ago, I would have been filling her throat. From her giggle as she pulled back and licked the head of my cock she knew it.
I managed to stagger back to my office and answer a few emails. Penny brought me coffee and a snack, then leaned over my shoulder. "Was that too much earlier with Tanya? I mean..."
I silenced her with a finger on her lips and a smile. I was too intent on them to even read the name tag. "I want to say that's the hottest thing I have ever seen, but with you, I think that is going to wind up being a very long and enjoyable list."
"So I can go ahead and order some nice butt plugs?"
I couldn't help it, I groaned.
Penny lightly kissed my cheek. "So are you going to bend me over and ram them into my delicate ass, or do I have to bend over and show you how deep I can get them?"
I tried to grab her as she giggled and scooted beyond my reach. I got her later and corralled her nipple when she came in for my credit card. 'Somehow I think Morty would have a heart attack if I charged a few dozen sex toys on the company card.'
I smiled as I squeezed her ass, then sent him my own heart attack text. 'Worried about somebody recognizing her. Going to have her implants and tattoos removed.'
I got the double finger emoji as a response.
She showed me some of the things she ordered. I laughed and squeezed her ass at the inscription on one of the plugs.

PULL
FUCK
FILL
REPLUG

Just below that in much smaller print

Repeat as often
as fucking possible

The one that brought me to tears for a different reason was the saying on one of the collars. It was a heart shaped lock.
On the front, 'It's not the collar that makes the sub.'
On the back, 'It's that she doesn't want the key.'
The next one had me laughing again.
Front -- 'I wear my collar with pride.'
Back -- 'And a wet pussy.'
We cuddled for the evening, both of us winding down after a wild afternoon. "I sent Morty a text telling him you're going to have your implants and tattoos removed."
Penny cupped her tits, the cable gone, just simple bars in her nipples.
"Or have you changed your mind?"
"No, not really. It just kinda hit me, like a reset, a do over. Taking them out will be stepping back a bit."
I lightly kissed her nipple, "Or a big step forward."
Penny made a noise, "What step forward? I have no skills beyond laying on my back and spreading my legs."
I guess I shouldn't have gone for the nipple. I pulled her to me to cuddle and caress. "It's not something you have to decide right away, the feds can take their sweet time in these kinds of things."
"And there we go. I'm interrupting your life, your work." She sighed.
I cradled her and laid her back in my arms a bit. "I work from home. We have things going on all the time, but it can be assholes and elbows one minute, then sit back and twiddle thumbs the next. That doesn't leave me much time for socializing with someone that doesn't understand." I brushed back a lock of hair, "What is it that you want?"
"I don't know. Way back when, it was to make my fame and fortune, find a hunk, settle down and have my two point five kids, and live happily ever after."
I caressed her smooth belly. "Hate to tell you, but it's down to one point nine now."
Penny kicked her head back, "So my daughter is going to be flat chested as well." Then she started crying.
I had no fucking clue, so I just held her.
She moped a bit the next day, and that evening I found out the cause of the mopey girl... I had to make an emergency run to the store for pads and tampons. I tried not to smile as she scowled at me.
I had several days of deep throat mornings and anal evenings, followed by several days of walking bowlegged after being ridden or having to get up behind a hormonally charged woman. That was only energized when several of her toy purchases arrived the Wednesday before the family weekend.
The nipple jewelry and butt plug fashion show was interrupted several times by me flipping her over or bending her over the couch to fill her pussy. She squealed with glee every time.
Saturday morning I woke to kitchen sounds. I staggered to the kitchen and froze. There was an almost naked tanned back. Almost, because in addition to the tiny apron strings, there was a large white crystal plug in her ass. I'm not sure if you'd call the front better or worse. When Penny turned around, the top string didn't go around her neck, it went to just below each nipple with a loop behind a much longer bar.
Penny came to me and gave me a soft kiss. "Honey, would you mind giving my ass a good hard pounding this morning instead of a deep throat and facial? With your folks coming over today I don't want to waste a warm creamy load I'll have to rinse off."
I moaned and dropped my head to her shoulder.
"Oh, we got an update on the hammock, it will be here Tuesday."
How do I get myself into these things? I wasn't real hip on Penny laying with her head off the edge of the bed so she could get me to fuck her throat, I was worried about taking it too far and not knowing it. I thought that took care of that.
Nope, now she was going to lay sideways on the hammock legs spread wide and heels hooked on the other side as her head hung off this side. I was to give her throat a good fucking, and if it was too much she could push away. 'And just think about how much more my tits are going to bounce that way!'
I ate my breakfast to the accompaniment of the shower starting and stopping and the moaning of a hot babe. She came out glowing and sat on the stool beside me, then shifted back on her 'fuck stool'. They were the perfect height to get her ass pounded hard and deep.
What can I say, I'm a guy. I have a naked hot babe on the stool beside me hanging her lubed ass off the edge waiting to get it fucked hard and deep.
I stood kicking my stool back as I did, stepped behind her, and rammed my cock right where she wanted it. She's learned not to have dishes in front of her at least. She got fucked through two orgasms before I let loose in her ass. I fucked that ass until I started to soften.
I collapsed against her back as I dropped from it, then I felt it pressed to my hand. Her white crystal plug.
There was a soft moan as it slid in, then she softly said, "Thank you Sir."
If I had the strength, I would have flipped her over and fucked her pussy. And yes, the corners of her mouth trying not to smile told me she knew exactly what she did to me. Even to this day I'm not really sure just who's in control of these things.
I went to the shower, again. When I reappeared, Penny was in a light top and bra over long shorts. I eyed her nipples. They were standing out more than usual, but not as dark as the visit to Mom's.
She grinned and pulled her top and bra aside. I smiled and shook my head as her wiggling ass walked to the kitchen. She hadn't darkened them, but she had slipped a ring behind the piercing to make them stand out more. The bright red lipstick again just added to the hot babe strolling through my home.
I flipped the projector on and tuned in the pre-game to make sure everything was working, we usually just watched the big screen, but with the whole gang and Penny wanting to show me off to my own family I relented.
She was back and forth at the counter. She hadn't cooked, we ordered in several items and had a game day buffet instead. Her one concession to me was no alcohol. Get a few too many in Fred and he became a destructive asshole. Even if it was a no kids event, still no booze for him.
Bill and his wife showed up first. "Damn! You could have quite the party in this place!" He took a look at my posters and gave me a thumbs up.
The rest of the crew either rode together or timed it right, they all got off the elevator at the same time. While the apartment was fairly large, with only three rooms beyond the bathroom and kitchen nook it didn't take long for the tour. Mom did her best not to let her jaw drop.
I did chuckle at Penny a little later. The ladies had corralled her near my big posters.
"You really need to get him to takethose thingsdown," Gail said nodding to the posters with her arms crossed over her big chest.
"Oh he will. I don't like posters of strange women in my house. As soon as mine are ready they go up in their place." Of course, Penny was standing with shoulders back because I got caught admiring her nipples again.
Mom was coughing on whatever she was trying to drink, and Gail looked like her eyes were going to pop out of her head. She was WAY past even being considered for a poster.
Penny winked at me before continuing, "Well at least the PG ones will go out here."
Don't get me wrong, my family is still my family. But they are REALLY some stick in the mud types. My brother's wives were at least reasonable, but Mom and Gail practically refused to go to the beaches because of 'all those hussies running around flaunting their bodies.'
My dad, brothers, and Gail's husband had noticed Penny's nipples standing out and double checked several times already. Mom and Gail had made a few little digs about her nose ring, but Penny ignored it or acted like she didn't hear it.
The game had just broken for half time and everybody was crowded around the kitchen island digging in when my phone went off. Penny was near it and answered it grinning. "Hi Hattie." "Okay, I'll tell him."
Penny came around behind me wrapping her arms around me working her nipples in my back. "Hattie says some investment group is all worried about something and you need to be on a video conference in about twenty minutes."
I sighed, I didn't remember anything in the works with an investment group, but I have been a bit distracted these last few weeks. I went to the bedroom to pull off the old t-shirt and put on something a bit nicer. Penny enjoyed assisting me in buttoning it up... by grinding her hot mound against me while her fingers worked. Yeah, distracted is putting it mildly.
I went in and logged into our video conference server, and got the shit shocked out of me. I had a quad screen configuration, and on one monitor was Hattie, but not Hattie. The Hattie I knew was a severe Goth chick. This was a blond lady in a traditional style top with a string of pearls around her neck. And a nice shade of mild red lipstick instead of gloss black.
That was followed by Winchester popping up. Cowboy hat and western shirt instead of long hair and tie died t-shirt. Claus popped up in a three piece suit instead of his western shirt, and then Hector in a sheik's head dress instead of a bad Hawaiian shirt.
Hattie started in in a British accent. "What have you been doing young man? We'll have these scoundrels putting our business out to the world before we can launch the product?"
The other three soon chimed in on a major leak in their proposed venture. It took me a bit, but I soon realized this was a 'replay' of a problem we had several years ago.
"What have you been doin' these last few weeks boy?" Winchester asked.
I could see Hattie grinning, this was all her doing, going so far as to put on her 'normal costume' to get a look. Fine fine, I'll give in. "I'm sorry people. I've been a bit out of circulation. I got married a few weeks ago so my mind has been elsewhere."
Hector almost came out of character, "Well bring her in young man, let us at least meet the cause of all our troubles."
Claus chuckled, "Now Ishmael, be nice to the young man. Tell you what Titus, you get this straightened out before it hits the fan, say the next thirty days, and I'll toss an extra two-point-five your way."
"Excellent idea," Hattie chimed in. "We'll all chip in. That will be an extra ten in your pocket for a nice long honeymoon once this is done."
Penny had come in and sat on the arm of my chair. The guys were staring like they didn't believe it. Hattie was in heaven having gotten me to reveal my new wife. "Oh my dear, when all this is over and done with, you simply must hop across the pond and come visit. We can pop up to the palace and pester Elizabeth when you do."
I typed on the keyboard, 'That's going a bit overboard Hattie.' I got back a tongue sticking out emoji.
"Well, I'll get right on it first thing Monday. You all enjoy the rest of your weekend."
They all logged off, and penny leaned down and whispered, "So that's your crew?"
I gave her a soft kiss, "Yeah, but none of them look like that in real life. Hattie couldn't stand it anymore and concocted all this just to make sure you were real."
"We should probably go back and rejoin the party."
I grinned and glanced at the door, "You mean the crowd outside the door trying to eavesdrop?"
I got a quick kiss, then sent Hattie a quick message, 'Do not run any facial rec, she came here through Mortimer.'
'Party pooper.'
We turned to head for the main room, and we chuckled at the sound of shuffling feet, and then the football talk suddenly resumed.
"Everything alright dear?" Mom asked fishing without trying to look like she was fishing.
"Yeah, just somebody snooping where they don't belong and trying to cause trouble. We'll dig into it and have it taken care of in a few weeks. No big deal."
I grinned remembering the actual case. It took us a little over five weeks to hunt down some kid in a field office that had hijacked an old unused executive email account. World spanning companies can be a real pain in the ass, but they do bring in the big bucks. That one brought on Claus and Hector and we still have a few years to go before their salaries eat up the balance.
There were a few looks back and forth, and I was grinning inside wondering who was going to break down and ask first. Fred won the lottery. I was getting some more chips and he came up to the island to grab a fresh drink.
He leaned close and talked soft, "Hey bro' I overheard part of that as I was going to the bathroom. They really going to bump you ten G's for that?"
I grinned, "No."
He grinned.
"They don't think that small, gotta add three more zeros to that. I'll drop it off shore with the rest of our funds and not worry about it."
I went around the island and sat with Penny. I could hear Fred hacking like a cat with a bad hairball.
Penny put her head on my shoulder and whispered, "You are sooo bad."
I chuckled, "Sucks to find out your little brother isn't the poor schmuck you think he is."
Fred spent the better part of the third quarter looking at me like he'd seen a ghost. Somewhere around the middle of the fourth Bill and Gail looked at me as well.
I just cuddled and snuggled with Penny and feigned some interest in the game.
"If they weren't here I'd have bent you over the back of the couch for a refill by now, maybe even more than one," I whispered and gave the side of her tit a light squeeze.
"Tease," she whispered back.
The best part of the day was our team losing. Yeah I know I'm an ass, but the looks on my brothers' faces as the other team ran it back in the last seconds for a touchdown was hilarious. I barely kept a straight face as they all filed out and headed home.
As soon as they were gone I drug Penny to the couch and began unbuttoning her top. She grinned at me doing it, chuckled when I popped the catch between cups, and shrieked when I tried to inhale one tit, then groaned when I switched tits.
I managed to carry her to bed, watching her shed the last of her clothes as I did mine. Landing beside her and making a furious attempt to make up for all the wasted time my relatives were here today.
I ate and fingered her to two orgasms before I couldn't take it and crawled up and sunk into that sweet, sweet pussy. I got a few strokes in and unloaded all I had pent up. Penny tried to wrap her legs around me but her concentration was completely gone by this point.
We managed the strength to stagger to the shower, then back to bed to cuddle.
Penny was snuggled in, and we were recapping today. "I loved the ribbing you gave Mom and Gail on the posters. Gail would have a stroke if a picture of her like that was on a wall anywhere."
She chuckled, "And I can't believe the story you spun for your brother, he's going to be wondering about that for a long time." I just chuckled and kissed her bare shoulder.
She pulled back to look at me, "Titus..." she said slowly.
"What?" and I tried to go for her neck, she pulled back further.
She looked at me with concern, "You weren't... you mean you... oh fuck."
I pulled her to me and softly kissed her neck, then just below her ear. "We have six accounts in the Caymans. Five personal and the company account. We've done enough tracking and tracing over the years to know, if you don't want to be the target of theSocialist Democratsredistribution of wealth plan, the media hacks, or the liberal weaponized IRS, you don't bring anymore into the country than you have to."
"So you're..."
I shrugged, "I live off the interest mostly. I've dipped into the principal occasionally, but not for a while."
We just cuddled and crashed.
- - -
Sunday morning we were at it like rabbits, but when we finished, Penny rolled away and curled up.
I got the energy to roll up behind her, but she just curled up tighter. "Penny, what's wrong?"
"Nothing," she mumbled.
I tried to pull her tight against me, and she fought me. "What? What did I do wrong?"
No reaction.
"Penny?"
"You don't really want me here, you just want me for a piece of ass."
"No."
Her head popped up giving me the eye, looked at my wet limp cock against her thigh, and then looked at me again.
I sighed. "Okay, yes I want your body, but that's not the main reason I want you here."
"Then why? Give me one good reason why you want me here?" she asked with fire in her eyes.
I tried to pull her back against me but she wasn't having any of it. "You know, actually I didn't want you here. I had been getting along just fine with the occasional girlfriend. Usually short term, but it satisfied my needs."
"Then why?"
I ducked my head a moment before looking at her again. "I owed Mortimer big time. Way back when I was getting started, they came down hard on a company I was working for. The prosecutor was a radical liberal that got caught withholding evidence, and he was trying to make this bust into a big deal to keep the headlines away from a recall petition to kick him out of office. He wanted to paint everybody down to the janitor as part of the conspiracy. Mortimer made sure the liberal zelot didn't get guys like me swept up with the bad apples."
I looked in those beautiful eyes, "And then he tells me this hot babe in front of me was going to be my wife for a while, I was ready to pull his weapon and use it on him." I got a little smile. "I did my best to keep it under control those first few days."
Penny snickered.
"But then I realized I had a Unicorn living with me."
"A what?"
"A Unicorn. A hot woman that likes to be looked at and shown off, that loves wild sex. Actually talks about sex and says tits and cunt instead of boobs and pussy. You're not supposed to exist. So that makes you a Unicorn."
Penny snorted.
I dropped my head and stared at the sheets between us. I had admitted what she was to me, but that also meant the reality of things that could be... I looked at her again, "And when this is all over, when it's safe for you to leave..."
"You want me to leave?"
"No," I whispered.
"Why?"
I hung my head and mumbled what I didn't want to say.
Penny tipped my head up and forced me to look at her.
"Because I think I'm falling in love with you."
Penny's mouth dropped open, just staring at me for a bit, then slid close and held herself against me. I reveled in holding her close, then a long slow soft shower. Lounging around, catching up on a few emails. Scolding Hattie for the video conference stunt and grinning at her doing it while reminding her no facial rec. I got back a meek 'yes boss.'
Coming back in the kitchen as Penny was making up a snack. Stepping behind her and running my hand across her cheeks and giving them a soft squeeze, running that hand up and cupping her tit, then stepping close enough to put my firm cock in the crease of her ass as I reached up and cupped and played with both of them.
I thoroughly enjoyed playing with her tits, but felt the overwhelming need to drop a finger to the source of that delicious aroma. The soft groan as my finger slipped between her wet lips was music to my ears. Her spreading her knees slightly to give me full access to her pussy was enough to make my cock harden against her ass, and in moments Penny was spasming in my arms screaming in orgasm.
But as much as I wanted to bend her over and fuck the hell out of her, I was simply enjoying an orgasming woman in my arms. I fingered clit and rolled and pinched nipples while cupping her tit and just kept her going until she collapsed. I held her trembling body for a bit, then helped her to the couch. The vision of her sweaty body sprawled back with little aftershocks going through her just reinforced her beauty.
I got up and got our sandwiches, and we ate slowly. Penny scowled and then grinned when I ran a finger through her lips for a quality control taste test.
I put our plates in the sink and gave them a quick rinse. Since Penny arrived, I stopped loading the dishwasher I had used for several years because I was told I 'wasn't doing it right.'
I kicked back beside Penny, an arm around her neck letting my fingers caress the top of her tit. She decided to caress and then stroke my hardening cock. It wasn't taking much since I had just recently gotten her off in my arms.
Evidentially I reached some critical point, Penny simply leaned over and engulfed my cock. I could feel her throat around my cock and was enjoying it immensely. She pulled back to take a breath, then right back down staying there with me embedded in her.
She did that several more times, keeping me buried there as her throat did wondrous things to me. All of a sudden it was like somebody had tripped a switch. My legs locked and I arched up and just released. Penny took the first few down her throat, then pulled back and jacked every last bit onto her face. The last thing I remember is her taking a lick at the tip of my cock making me spasm one last time.
I was laying there, and my entire fucking body ached. I managed to tip my head down to see Penny laying on her back with her head in my lap. Her eyes closed and a smile on her face with her face covered in cum. She barely opened her mouth, "Can you reach your phone?"
I looked around, "I think so."
"Pictures."
I had to stretch, but I managed to get it without knocking it off the end table. She grinned when she heard the shutter noise. "Two more." She slid a bit towards my knees and took the tip of my cock in her lips. As soon as the shutter sounded she sucked me balls deep.
She managed to stand with her eyes still closed, and giggled as she made her way along the wall to the bathroom to rinse her face off. I just sat there hoping I'd have the use of my legs sometime this century while grinning at the thought of a woman that wanted pictures of her face covered in cum. And she was in my home!
Penny came back out, and there was that feline catwalk walk that would make any male drool. Stark naked, no hairdo, no makeup besides her bright red lipstick. And if I could muster the energy I would have jumped her again right then and there she was just that fucking gorgeous.
I flipped one of the generic channels on for background, wound up with an aquarium.
Penny laid on her back again looking up at me with a smile all over her face. I cupped and caressed her tit, played with her nipple a bit, brushed her hair aside and stroked her cheek.
I was brushing my thumb across her lips. She kissed my thumb, "I want you to buy me some more jewelry."
I let my hand slide toward her nipples, but she intercepted it and brought my finger to her nose. "For here."
I had to admit, I had looked at the ring in her nose and had a few very X-rated thoughts, but. "What did you have in mind?"
Penny shook her head slightly, "I want you to pick them out. To put your mark on me where everyone can see it."
Fuuuuccckkkk, "You do know you are talking to the jewelry illiterate here?" she smiled, and I brushed her upper lip and bumped the ring just slightly. "How about we compromise?"
"I want you to..." I put my finger across her lips, she playfully bit the tip of my finger.
"To start with, you pick out some that will look good on you, and then I will pick from them." That got me a smile. "From then on, with every new outfit, we do the same. You pick a few that will go along with it, and I'll pick one or two from them. Will that work?"
She nodded quickly, "Um, what's your favorite color?"
I grinned, "Well that depends."
"No, you can only have one favorite color."
"I have a favorite color, and I have a favorite color of lipstick onmywoman." My being said with a slight tug on her nose ring. Penny grinned and moaned.
"I very much like a bright shimmering Royal Blue. But in the case of lipstick on my woman, a nice blatantly bright red."
Penny sighed, then thrust her tits up, "And nipples?"
I slid my hand back down to cup her tit then slide my fingers up to roll them a little. "Short of going down to Fantasy Fest, I think bright red nipples is out. They are nicely noticeable in thinner tops now as is."
"Should I get them darkened or tattooed?"
"Mmmm, I'd say no, not permanently anyway. Let's see how much they do or don't show through after your surgery and go from there."
"I could just go topless."
I smiled, "As much as that would please me to look at you, then I'd want you naked. And if the first didn't get you arrested, the second surely would."
Penny just giggled.
All this time, I'm thinking if I'm dreaming don't ever wake me up.
- - -
These college girls are going to be the end of me.
Penny saw a few of the ads for spring break specials, and decided we needed to go shopping for bikinis... so we could go to the beach.
Don't get me wrong, that's part of the reason I live here. With all the staggered spring breaks, I have weeks of nearly naked to fully naked drunk coeds. A virtual smorgasbord of hot babes. If I don't have anything going, I take off late afternoon and go strolling.
The beer and video companies have particular areas they set up in. As the sun is going down the tops are coming off. I was a bit leery of taking Penny out there, but covering her tattoos and adding big sunglasses and a big floppy hat should take care of things.
Surprisingly we didn't go 'shopping' for bikinis woman style, we did it man style. Know what you want, go in, get it, and leave. It's hard to believe something that wouldn't add up to half a handkerchief would cost that much, but when she modeled them at home I would have paid ten times what we did.
Then we went shopping for the 'important stuff.' Matching nose jewelry. She made me pick out a few to start, then groaned and capitulated that I was truly jewelry illiterate, winding up doing as I suggested. She picked an assortment, then I picked one from them.
We got two to start, a green and a blue to match her bikinis. She wanted to go for more, but I told her I needed to get a better idea of how they looked on her, how she wore them to really know what to pick.
Now by itself, the nose ring with five green crystals on it didn't look all that hot on her skin tone. But add in the tiny green bikini with a shimmering material and same matching green crystals at the seam intersections and it was fucking HOT! We did forgo the lipstick, it just plain clashed. Well, the bright red, a more subdued shade was still nicely noticeable.
We walked, and Penny enjoyed her fair share of whistles and calls to flash her tits, but she was supposed to be hiding out so getting her picture on the internet was not going to happen.
I chuckled at one of the wet t-shirt contests that devolved into a wet, alcohol induced, strip and grind. "I should go up there and show them how it's supposed to be done."
I took her hand and kissed the inside of her wrist. "When the time comes that you can, I will personally lead you up there and welcome you back naked into my arms when you win."
Penny softly kissed my lips, "I welcome that day Sir." She grinned and glowed the rest of the day and tried to fuck me to death when we got home.
As if they couldn't get any hotter, she took the lining out of the blue one, and the bright blue crystals in her nose ring and her big smile was awesome. She had to stop and get an even smaller yellow one on the way home.
It was really, really hard to decide where to look with the yellow one. With the liner snipped out it was translucent to start with, but miss ornery went and put one of her short gold bracelet chains between her nose ring and her earring. She caught me staring at her face several times and smiled. "Does Sir like this look on me?"
All I could do was trace the light gold chain from nose to ear and grin.
We looked at a few other bikini's, and she picked out some mini versions of what she had seen attracted my attention on the beach until I told her it wasn't the bikini that got my attention.
"For a guy, it's the motion to start, then the attitude of the woman behind it. And yes before you go off, a lot of that attention is from the big tits."
She pouted, "And yet you want me to get my implants taken out."
"Penny my love," she grinned. "Notice I said to start. It's human nature to notice motion. The real question is do they keep looking?"
She was pouting again, "Some do."
"Sure, some do. And some look at a nice pussy," I ran my finger over her bare mound. "And some will watch her legs as she walks, or her butt as she walks away," giving hers a soft squeeze. "And there are even a few out there that will see your lovely delicious firm nipples," I stroked them with the back of my fingers, "and dream of nibbling on sucking on these beauties for several hours."
I leaned down and suckled her nipple for a bit, then switched to the other one before taking her to the bedroom and fucking her senseless.
I managed to get standing and had to stop and stare. Penny laid back with a sexy sweaty sheen, her chest rising and falling, knees flopped out, pussy dribbling and draining forming a large wet spot. "Fuck, almost makes me want to mount a movie camera and get all that in."
Penny snickered and lifted one knee even further.
I brought us some juice, then we supported each other to the shower. Stripping and making the bed was a real pain in the ass.
Penny just kept adding to her bikini collection, the one that looked more like a g-string up over her shoulders with tiny eyelets over her nipples had me vapor locked. She giggled telling me she was going to order several more of those.
We were working on a project, tracking down some information leaks, when Penny came in and sat on the arm of my chair. I smiled. It had been several months, and they all still stopped and stared at Penny like they were expecting the illusion to have vanished since the last time they saw her.
This time she just waved and then leaned down by my ear. "Sir, I need to order a surprise that I can't put on Morty's card."
I looked at the leading but secretive grin, "Is it going to get us arrested?"
She had to stop and think, "I don't think so..." then leaned down to give me a soft kiss, and just happened to put her hand in my crotch and gave me a squeeze. Thank God the cameras don't go that low.
She waved bye to everybody and walked out. I watched that wiggling ass in those satin shorts in the reflection of the monitor. I heard Claus moan, he was between girlfriends. Hattie snorted, Hector and Winchester laughed giving him a bad time. It took twenty minutes to get back with it.
It didn't help that Penny had put a picture of herself under my monitors. Laid back on the couch naked, up on one elbow, and with one knee up. Her tits were wonderfully on display, but while I could make out her bare mound, her hips were turned just enough to not see her pussy. She grinned when she said the girl at the store wouldn't print the one with her rolled forward and her legs spread.
The next week was interesting, Penny started on her tattoo removal. We started with her fancy tramp stamp, mainly because I was the one that had to put the coverup on it... and enjoyed teasing her ass in the process. The ointment used after the treatment also made an excellent lubricant. So once I spread some on the tattoo area, I just slipped a finger down and finger fucked her ass until she screamed.
Two days later I used two fingers. She was grinning, panting, and shaking her finger at me as little aftershocks went through her delicious body.
She got me back, BOY did she get me back. Two little packages arrived that I was told were my surprise.
The first hint was the hair. Since Penny was spending a fair amount of time oiling up and naked on the balcony to tease me, her black had grown out to her original mousy brown but the sun had lightened it up nicely.
She was back to the brilliant blond she had when she first came.
The next clue was she just put one of my shirts over a pair of shorts to go to the beach. She was going to change in one of the beachside restaurant bathrooms.
We got to the beach about two on a Friday, I was groped and told she'd be back in a few minutes. I watched a few big chests go bouncing by and wishing them luck and lots of money to keep them up like that in a few years.
I saw some guy about fall on his face looking at the restaurant, I turned and about fell on mine.
Penny came walking up slowly taking my dress shirt off. "Is Sir pleased with my outfit?" She slowly turned and all I wanted to do was lay her down and fuck the hell out of the goddess in front of me.
She put her sunglasses and floppy hat on before anybody took a picture of her, but I did hear a few shutter sounds over my shoulder making me grin. I took her hands and spread them wide to look at her. She knew this was a good sign and grinned and thrust her chest out a little.
DAMN!
She had a red nose ring in, with a red chain to one of her red dangly earrings. She had over colored her bright red lips a bit. But her bikini couldn't even really be called a bikini.
There were two bright red points over her nipples and a small sparkly red triangle over her pussy... but no strings anywhere. I had no idea how she was keeping the points on her nipples, but the top corners of that miniscule bikini bottom were hooked to loops over the bright red studs she had put back in her mound. When she had turned around, there was a decent red strip coming back over her pussy, but it just stopped barely past her ass. The gloss red fingernails with a white line across the tips just added to the sight.
"Jesus fucking Christ you look delicious," I said softly.
Penny beamed.
"I'm just glad I talked you out of making me wear my little trunks today, I'd be popping out of them all over with you in that. Hell, I'll be having trouble just staying in these."
"I'm glad you approve Sir, but there is one more thing I added but wasn't sure of." She looked to make sure no one was close enough to hear. "I added short chains on my pussy lips, so that if Sir desires to push my bikini in they will hang out and dangle."
I looked at her barely covered pussy, and could make out something under the outer edges. I looked straight at her pussy as I said, "As soon as the sun starts to set, I'm not going to push it in, I'm going to finger you to orgasm, then see how far it comes back out."
"Oh Sir!" she smiled.
We walked a bit, and I kept looking at her bottom stopping just over her ass.
"Does Sir approve?"
"Most definitely, I'm just trying to figure out how you did it."
Penny giggled and shook her ass, "It's hooked over a little butt plug."
"Just when I think you can't get any hotter..."
"Sir doesn't wish for me to put the sheer covers on my nipples then?"
"Your what?"
Penny stopped and pulled two tiny circles from her little clutch. She grabbed the tip of the cones over her nipples and pulled. They popped right off revealing red plastic circles behind her nipple jewelry. She stretched the base of the ones she had just pulled out and put them around the circles. They were still red, but in any decent light you could see her dark nipple behind them.
I grinned, then we both heard a bunch of college guys coming up the beach calling out for the girls to show some skin. They were just behind her when I reached down and around and spread her ass.
Penny screeched and wrapped her arms around me and hooked one leg around mine letting me spread her ass even further.
"Cum while they ogle your ass," I whispered.
She squeaked into our kiss then quivered in my arms. The guys were hooting and hollering as she did. She was still trembling as they moved on down the beach.
"Sir is so good to me," she panted.
I wasn't quite dark yet, but I turned her to face the water anyway. As I reached around her, one arm under her tits as my fingers made their way to her bottom she moaned and kicked out her knee.
"I figured I'd take advantage of the natural lubrication."
Penny snickered right up until I pressed her bottoms into her slit. Not that it took much for as small as the bottom was and as soaked as her pussy was. She was still on the edge from cumming in front of those guys, so in a matter of a few strokes, she was screaming again.
This time she got a round of applause. She covered her eyes but grinned, then took my hand and pulled me further down the beach.
Just before the sunset, I turned her to me to take it in. The sun shining on her nipples made the cover irrelevant. Her little strip of red disappeared between her lips as the chain on either side dangled between rings.
"I don't know how you could get any sexier."
Penny blushed, "If we lived on the beach, Sir could take me home, cum on my face, and bring me back out here for the evening."
I grinned, "Only your face? We'd have to make a few trips back to get your tits covered as well."
Penny fell against me, "Oh Sir."
As the light faded, I groped her as much as I could, and probably more than I should have but she enjoyed every moment. She seemed to really enjoy me walking with my hand on her ass bumping and nudging the plug in her ass.
When we did leave, we couldn't leave the parking lot right away. I had barely crawled in the seat when Penny came over the console and shoved my shorts down enough to get her lips around my cock. It was a frantic throat fuck followed by a toe curling eruption.
When I could see straight again, she was leaned back against the passenger door. She had popped the covers off her nipples leaving that brown point surrounded by a bright red circle. I checked many times on the way home. She only held the shirt in front of her for the elevator ride up, and the young guy on 23 seemed to appreciate the illusion she was naked.
But I wasn't about to let her get away with that. As soon as we came in the door I pointed, "COUCH!"
Penny squealed and ran to the couch to assume the position. I had recovered nicely from the mind blowing blow job, so I just popped that bikini off the butt plug and had my way with her sloppy pussy.
Penny was screaming and hollering and moaning. Then she was screaming again as I gave her a mild spanking. After a good twenty minutes of screaming, flailing, and orgasming, I gave her the little bit I had left.
She had the nerve to screech when I gave her ass one last swat before settling on the couch beside her.
I looked over, and even bent over the back panting, she was still a sight to behold. When she turned to me though, her eyes were wet. "Oh Penny, I didn't mean to..."
That's as far as I got. Penny pulled herself the foot or so to me and planted her face on mine and went tonsil hunting. She pulled back with a dreamy look
"Good tears?" I said softly.
She smiled and nodded.
"So that means you need another spanking?" and started to reach back. She gasped then smiled when I just gave her ass a nice squeeze instead of a swat.
She groaned when I got her standing.
"What?"
She ducked her head, "I don't really want to wash it off."
I looked at her thighs and grinned. In the light, I could see the on and off again sheen almost to her knees. The grin was because I knew that most of that was hers. She had been dribbling down her thighs most of the evening.
Tonight I took her to the shower and bathed her. Slowly cleaning every inch of her body, enjoying the soft moan as I washed her hair. I dried her and put her to bed before returning for my shower.
I curled up behind her.
"We need glass walls for the shower."
I chuckled, "Turning into a voyeur as well as an exhibitionist are we?"
She made a noise and buried her head in the pillow.
"What would be worse? Watching me take a shower in the morning before I had to go to meetings, or you in there cleansing while I sat here stroking my hard cock? Knowing that your ass was going to be thoroughly fucked and filled shortly after your knees hit the bed."
She just hissed and pulled my hand to her tit. We cuddled and crashed as usual.
I made her wear her bikini bottom just hanging from the studs on the front the next day. She squeaked and groaned every time I put my fingers between her legs from behind to wet them in dribbling pussy. Seeing that little triangle dangling there was just plain hot. She got fucked just after lunch when I couldn't take it anymore.
She retaliated by wearing an even smaller triangle that barely covered her slit hanging from strings to those studs. She got fucked in the morning, but fucked and tits painted for lunch.
She hung it from just her plug the next day. She got her pussy fucked on my morning break, but I heard the shower so she got it hard and deep in her ass for lunch. She had the nerve to just bend over the couch for my afternoon break like getting her ass fucked was just assumed. I really hate it when she's right.
- - -
Fantasy fest was kind of comical. Penny had just had her last laser treatment for her tit and pussy tattoos and couldn't do any body paint. I had to settle for nipples poking through a fishnet dress with a wide opening. She at least started with a thong, but switched to just a big crystal butt plug after a good fucking and filling. The last couple of beach trips had taught her that teasing me with her body for more than a few hours got her one hell of a fucking and usually a bit of a spanking.
On the flip side, she was extremely pleased with her posters. She found a booth that was doing all sorts of X-rated posters for the festival and he was tickled that somebody actually wanted pics with clothes on. We came in the next day with Penny all dolled up in the old fashioned hair do, cat's eye mascara, and that delicious red lipstick. She didn't do the pointed bra and little nipple bumps like my posters though, she was braless and had three rings behind her nipple piercings to make them really stand out.
Well, all but one of them. For the last set, she put on a thinner top and put big shinny gold rings in her nipples with a big ball at the joint. The nice points, dark nipples, and obvious large rings were just plain fucking hot. She had him take a few more without the top for the bedroom. He promised that if she needed prints of anything else he has his own studio. She had that interesting gleam in her eye.
- - -
Summer was a real fucking bear. Everything was coasting along until the middle of April.
I had sent Mortimer a text asking for an update on Penny's situation. I got back his usual cryptic response, 'Nobody is looking for loose change.' With that wealth of information, we scheduled Penny's implant removal.
He was a well known surgeon with excellent credentials. We knew there was always something that could pop up, but it was a pretty routine operation and we were in the middle of a major metropolitan hospital... using a fake ID for a patient that didn't exist. Only the doctor knew the whole story. He was going to take out the implant, and give her a bit of a lift to compensate for the reduction. No big deal.
I was on my tablet in the waiting room. Depending on how it went, Penny would either go home with me or stay overnight and go home in the morning. I had been keeping an eye on the clock, and at thirty minutes past the time she should have out, I began pacing and worrying.
The doc came out almost an hour after he should have finished, and he wasn't smiling.
"Is she okay?"
He attempted a little grin. "Yes she's okay, but there was a complication. Whoever the quack was that put them in managed to screw some things up. There was a fair amount of scar tissue that I had to remove to let her keep a proper shape."
I sat down relieved that it wasn't serious, but, "What does that mean to her?"
"She said she was a healthy B before the implants. With taking out the scar tissue, she will be a small B to a large A. I did the little bit of a lift so that was no problem, but the scar tissue took a bit of mass from her breasts."
Everything was racing through my mind, "Did her piercing cause part of it?"
He chuckled, "No, they didn't have anything to do with it. The implant hack was just a get in get out kind of guy. No damn pride in his work. If he'd have taken an extra ten minutes with each side she wouldn't have had this problem."
"But she's going to be okay?"
"Physically yes, mentally I want her to talk to someone."
Well, she'd had a shrink before, and maybe being a bit of a submissive I might be able to push a bit more than normal.
Penny was a bit out of it, but I got her home. She was wearing what looked like a sports bra for support and taking a fair amount of pain meds. Even a bit loopy she was hot running around bottomless. She was just about off the meds when the shit hit the fan.
We had two small 'normal' hacking projects going on when we got a call from a new customer, referred by a long term customer, that had been hit by ransomware. They had scrammed the server connections, but Frankfurt and Paris were out of commission.
I put in calls to Hattie and Winchester, they were heading overseas. I texted Mortimer that Winchester was coming here, then he and Hattie were on a private plane out of the country.
Winchester wasn't that big of a deal, his monitoring probation was due to end in six months and he made occasional trips here. Nothing that far out of the ordinary. But the shit might hit the fan when Hattie bugged out.
It was part of her agreement that she was supposed to notify thirty days in advance for pre-planned trips. There was an emergency clause built in because of what we did and they would scream bloody murder at the lack of notice, but there wasn't much they could do about it.
Officially, the ankle monitors were secure. Unofficially, Hattie had bypassed hers on several occasions. Either shutting it down or putting it on the neighbor's dog.
I would drive them to OPF where their monitors would go off line, then drive them to MIA and they would board the private plane and get the hell out of dodge. It was up to Mortimer how much advance notice he gave the monitors. A couple of times he didn't bother until the shit hit the fan claiming ignorance. Hence the text instead of the call to notify him. If it hit the fan it was on him.
Of course, they had tried many times to put trackers on my vehicles to see where Hattie and Winchester went once they got here. Sometimes I'd leave them on for a while, other times I'd transfer them to other vehicles the next day. The first time I put them on postal trucks, the next time it was taxis. the last time I put them all on the director's limo. That went over like a lead balloon, but they got the message. Kind of. They put a passive tracker on my truck and car. They hadn't gotten to the SUV because I rarely drove it.
We took the truck, and about a mile from OPF, I tossed the magnetic tracker towards a city bus and made an illegal U-turn. I got a screaming call from an asshole about the time the jet was taking off. I chuckled and hung up. I picked up a tail about six blocks from my place. They didn't think it was funny when I stopped just inside the gate to let it close behind me.
I sent them a text, 'Back up so the gate can close or I'll turn that car into a compact.'
They didn't move, so I slammed the truck into reverse and put my foot to the floor. I hit their car hard, and the receiver caught the edge of their hood and pealed it and the top of the radiator off while pushing their car back about three feet.
I pulled up and let the gate close behind me while they were still stunned and trying to figure things out. I went up, and since my neighbor across the hall was on vacation, I put our floor on restricted access while I was at it, then called the cops to report two trespassers.
The cops showed up about the time the guys were going to try and storm the building. Seems nobody wanted to admit two feds waiving badges.
First, it was assaulting a federal officer and damaging federal property. They denied receiving the text until I pinged the phone it went to... in asshole number two's pocket. And since the property was gated and secured and they didn't have a warrant, they switched to attempted apprehension of a fleeing suspect.
"And how would you connect me with this alleged fleeing suspect?"
They hemmed and hawed and threw out all sorts of veiled threats.
"What was she alleged to have done?"
"That's above your clearance."
I chuckled, "Mine is a lot higher than yours, try again."
They started flapping their lips again, so I just pulled out my cell phone and dialed a number I wasn't supposed to have.
"Mr. Director, Titus Dollar here. I have two of your flunkies here threatening me and trying to intimidate me in front of local law enforcement and the whole thing has been recorded on the building's security system and his body cam. They followed me via an illegal tracking device. If I so much as think I see any of your idiots again, these two will be up on charges in front of a very friendly judge with every reporter I can find in the courtroom. Do I make myself clear?"
He didn't even respond, just hung up. I knew every call into that building was recorded and logged so he couldn't deny having received it, plus everything on this particular phone was recorded as well.
The two idiots looked like they had seen a ghost. I had just told the director off. "If you can't drive that piece of shit out of the way, call a tow truck and a Lyft, you have twenty minutes." I turned to the chuckling deputy. "If they are still here by the time I get up to my apartment and look down from my balcony," pointing way up the building, "then they will be considered trespassers and I will be calling you back to haul them in."
"He can't do that, he has no authority over us."
I shook my head, "You two really are stupid. He's not a local cop, he's a Sherriff's Deputy."
Beau chuckled at the idiot's expression, then turned to me. "What's this I hear some confirmed bachelor I know went and got himself hitched?"
I grinned.
"Oh boy."
"She's an absolute angel."
"She'd have to be to put up with your sorry ass."
The idiots were trying to listen in. I looked at my watch, "You now have seventeen minutes."
"Screw you."
"Hey Beau, what kind of ticket am I looking at if I hook a chain on that piece of trash and pull it out in the middle of the street?"
"What car? All I see is an abandoned piece of shit."
Idiot number two hopped in the car and managed to get it started enough to back it out on the street. But with no shoulder he was in an active lane. Another badly unmarked fed car pulled up to get them the hell off the scene. The damn thing looked like a porcupine with all the antennas.
Beau chuckled and talked into his radio. We shook and went our separate ways. I enjoyed the scene from my balcony, Beau had called the city about an abandoned car on the street blocking a lane. It was a posted no parking / tow away zone. The squad car behind and the tow truck in front. As soon as the clock struck fifteen minutes it was going up on the roll back.
I got a text as I was walking back to check on Penny. 'Really, the fucking director's private line?'
'Just because it's unlisted doesn't mean it can't be found. He shouldn't have pissed Hattie off the last time.' They tried to come after her when she took her nieces to Disney.
He didn't respond. It would be hilarious. The director would probably throw a fit and get a new number, and in less than three days Hattie would have it and distribute it to all of us 'for use in an emergency.' The number might change, but the circuit didn't.
Mortimer would both scowl and grin. The idiots were 'feds', but they weren't his agency so he was allowed to laugh at it.
But after all that fun, I was back to checking on Penny. She was still moping around, wearing that sports bra, and just generally feeling miserable. We had cuddled, and on the second day she tried to initiate sex, but she was still hurting. I tried to get her in the shower, but she pushed me back out.
I did my best to help Hattie and Winchester as much as I could, but I was only half there and they understood it.
Winchester was a royal pain in the ass. He had cleaned the Frankfurt system up and it was back on line. Hattie was in the final stages of clearing Paris. In his mind, he had beaten her even though the Paris system was three times the size. They argued long after she had her system back up.
They each took over a week before coming back. I got emails from the feds wanting to know their status. They did not appreciate the response. 'Not back in your jurisdiction yet.'
They probably pissed the feds off even more when they got back. They kept their monitors in foil bags until they were literally walking in the front door. The feds would have no idea what route they took or exactly when they got back in the country. It may have been petty, but there was nothing they could do about it.
The following Friday, I went into the shower shortly after Penny. She tried to cover and shoo me out, but I wouldn't let her.
She finally relented and I started with her hair. She wasn't able to really reach up and do it properly with her stitches. She was moaning and leaning into me. I worked my way down her back, making her giggle a little as I did her butt. The problem started when I turned her around to do her front.
Penny pulled her arms up tight against her chest. I kissed her and pulled one arm partially away and began lathering at her wrist. Then the other arm. When I was finally to her chest, she dropped her head. Yeah, there was a lot of bruising. Even with the swelling, she was much smaller than what she was. I wanted to strum her nipples, but I was too worried it might hurt something.
I worked down her body, she giggled when I took a quick lick at her pussy. I worked my way back up her body and managed to slip my arms around her body before she could stop me. "Am I going to have to spank you?" I asked as I squeezed her ass.
She cried in my arms. We stood there under the warm water just holding each other.
When she stopped crying I dried her as best I could, just lightly patting her chest. I purposely didn't get dressed and led her to the kitchen counter. She gasped and grinned when I ran a finger over her rosebud. We sipped our coffee on the balcony. I looked at her, she would catch me looking and start to cover. I'd pout, she'd roll her eyes and uncover.
I worked on our projects, the crew understanding that I wasn't all there even when they would catch my slip ups.
As the bruising and swelling went down, so did her mood again. She was 'perky' before her implants. Now she was 'saggy'.
"No, you are in no way saggy. You may have settled a little, but that in no way makes you any less hot. Hell in some ways it's better."
"Yeah right."
I grinned, "Try walking without jiggling."
She rolled her eyes and walked toward me soft footed.
"Nope, they still move."
She gave me the look and walked back to the other side of the room.
"And that ass still looks delicious."
She turned quick enough to give a slight wince, then walked to me at half the speed.
"You keep this up and I will not be held responsible for popping your stitches loose."
She tried to scowl but grinned, and she backed up instead of turning to let me see her ass move. Even the backward jiggle was nice.
She managed to slow to an almost crawl.
"Eh, I still think there's still some jiggle to them. Do it again and let me double check."
She started to back up, then her jaw dropped, "You just want to watch me walk around naked!"
I grinned, "DUH!"
She grinned and walked to me letting them jiggle a little, then settled on my lap facing me.
"I love my Unicorn," then leaned forward and lightly kissed the tip of each nipple.
Penny chuckled then turned sideways on my lap. We cuddled in the sunshine until my computer dinged. I sighed and she chuckled again. She had the nerve to goose me as I went to the office.
I grinned later. Penny brought me in a sandwich, or rather my Unicorn did. She had her red lipstick, her little red choker, and short red bars through her nipples. She hadn't worn any of that since the surgery. The red kinda clashed with some of her purple bruises, but I knew what it meant.
The next week I was abused. I was only allowed blow jobs and pussy eating. Oh, the harsh treatment ( sigh ).
Then I was delighted when after the start of a nice deep morning throat fuck Penny pulled back and swung a leg over and sunk down on my cock. We both hissed, and I nearly went off in her.
"You need to warn a guy before doing that. Something that hot could get you raped if you're not careful."
Penny grinned, "Tease."
She closed her eyes and ground and swiveled on me.
"Penny..." I grabbed her hips and tried to slow her down.
She just ground and clamped harder.
"PENNY!" I held her hips tight and just started shooting up in her. Penny squealed and started to fall over on me. I barely averted my hands from her tits to her shoulders to catch her, then rolled us to her back to give her the last few spurts and thrusts before collapsing beside her.
Penny giggled and rolled enough to inhale and clean my cock, then stood beside the bed with our cum running down her thighs. "Good morning Sir," then slowly walked to the bathroom. She's right, the bathroom needs glass walls.
Over the next two weeks, we slowly got back to... well I was going to say normal, but for most people, it would be abnormal. A few days of throat fucks draining my balls so I could fuck her ass and pussy without going caveman on her was interesting. Before, I had only fucked her ass with her bent over the couch or on the kitchen stool.
The look on her face with her laid back and legs pulled up high and wide as I slid into her ass that first time was enough that if she hadn't drained my balls earlier I would have been blasting off in her.
Sliding in and out of a tight ass looking at an inflamed dribbling pussy is an experience all on to its own. The little squirt one day caught me totally by surprise. Penny turned beet red, I just smiled. It took me another week to get her to go to the beach. She wasn't too sure and wore one of the original 'huge' bikini's, but a few whistles and she was grinning again.
All my words were nothing compared to a few wolf whistles in restoring her self-confidence. She wore her tan barely a shade off from her skin tone butt plug and nipple cover bikini the next day. She grinned when a cop tried to give her a ticket for going naked. He sputtered when she popped the cover off her nipple.
The guys nearby were fascinated at her difficulty in getting it back on. It went flying, and they all helped search for it while keeping an eye on that bare nipple. She grinned and put it on real slow. Rolling her nipple just to make sure it was on securely.
The one that put her recovery over the top was the Mayor's re-election fundraiser. I knew nothing about it, but surprise, surprise there was an invitation in the mail along with a thank you note for the donation. Neither Hattie nor Mortimer would fess up. I suspected Hattie, but I wouldn't put it past Morty for my call to the director.
It was really, really, hard to go shopping with Penny. She only had to try on dresses. Nothing to go underneath them, just the dresses. Every one of them was thin enough for her nipples to stand out nicely. She took all her nose rings with us for the shopping. We wouldn't have time to get one made.
The emerald green backless / sideless gown with the long leg slits just made me want to jump her right there. Totally backless, the little string went from the shoulder right back under her arm to the little bulge of side tit. Another inch or so lower in the back and I would have had a nice view of the crack of her ass. I could just make out the faint color change where her tramp stamp used to be. That just made her ass even more inviting.
And true to her word, she went on a liquid diet two days ahead of time.
She cleansed that morning, and I fucker her as soon as she was done. I was presented with a lubed ass for my break, for lunch, and again for an afternoon break.
Damn, I wish I could take her just like that. The emerald jewels in her nose and ears. Green bars with LARGE end balls in her nipples. That just made her bright red lipstick stand out that much more. Her soft brown hair coiled on her head with a few strands at her temples. Even without her dress she waselegant.
The dress with her nipples and jewelry standing out made her so fucking sexy. The two lower chains across the deep neckline were part of the dress. If the dress laid just right you could make out the line of the chain, the top one went between nipples.
She lifted the back of her dress for a last filling before we left. Fully dressed in a tux and formal dress getting her ass fucked. What can be more erotic than that... oh shit. I looked at the plug she handed me and froze reading what it said.
'His love has marked me inside and out.'
I looked at it, and Penny giggled. I pressed it to her ass... and pushed it in slowly. It was just amazing to see those words between her cheeks. Only her standing and letting her dress drop brought me out of my stupor.
Penny turned and wrapped her arms around me giving me a soft kiss, "Happy early birthday Sir."
I had to pull my phone out and look at it. "Well fuck me, it's Tuesday."
Penny chuckled, "Well I hope it's actually fuck me, but I can get a strap on if you really want me to."
That got her a light swat on her firm ass. I got a soft kiss. "Thank you Sir."
We took a limo to the event. Penny wanted to chat a bit, but I put my finger on her mouth, than tapped my ear and waved my hand around the limo.
She went wide eyed, 'Who?' she mouthed.
I shrugged, 'Probably Morty. That or Hattie.'
She giggled, 'Should I fake an orgasm?'
I wiggled my fingers, 'Why fake one?'
I was reaching for the hem of her dress when we arrived. I pouted, she snickered and groped my firm cock. "Looks like I'll be getting a top off soon."
We were announced, 'Titus and Penny Dollar.' Penny rolled her eyes as she realized just what her married name was.
We circulated a bit, it was an art exhibition. Several pieces of junk were on display with a silent auction for a few other pieces of trash. Okay, an art critic I'm not.
I did like a few of the pieces off to one end. There were a few nice statues that couldn't be moved easily for the trash exhibit. Penny swatted me so I guess I said that out loud.
"But they are interesting."
She rolled her eyes. "Leave it to a man to want to gawk at naked women, even if they are made of stone."
I looked at her, then the statue. "You know, add a few pieces of interesting jewelry, and that statue could be a good likeness of this hot Unicorn I know."
She swatted my shoulder.
"But then anybody that saw that would never look at anything else again."
"Oh Sir..."
My phone pinged. 'If she wasn't standing next to some schmuck, I would never have recognized her.'
I scratched the corner of my eye with my middle finger.
'We need to talk in the next few days.'
'Me or us?'
'Just the two of us."
'MIA, executive lounge, you're buying. I'll text you.'
"Problem Sir?"
I looked at my angel, "No, just an old pest that pops up every once in a while. Nothing to get excited about."
My phone dinged but I didn't even take it out. I knew he was listening.
Penny grinned when I asked her if there was a family restroom near here.
"But of course Sir, would you like for me to show you where it is?"
"But of course."
She giggled. I put my hand in the small of her back, but cupped that wiggling ass as we made the corner.
There was no pretense, we walked in. Penny flipped the back of her dress up and dabbed a bit more lube on her ass after popping her plug out, then bent over and grinned at me over her shoulder.
I tried to take it slow, but that lubed and clenching ass was just too much for me. In short order I was doing my best not to roar as Penny squealed.
I was laid over her back for a bit until I softened and pulled away from her. Her handing me that plug had me staring at her plugged ass all over again.
I filled her ass twice more that evening at the fundraiser, the last time we almost got caught. But when we got home, she simply dropped her dress and bent over the back of the couch, plugged ass in the air.
"Would Sir like to top me up for the night?"
I stood beside that upturned ass and slowly took my clothes off. Stopping quite often to caress that smooth ass.
By the time I was ready, she was dripping and aromatic.
She groaned as I slowly pulled her plug, we both groaned as I slid into her just as slowly. No rush, no mad frenzy. After fucking her ass all day and evening I was in this for the long haul. Caressing her ass as I slid in and out. Reaching up to cup her tit and her arching up to give me access.
We did pick up speed, and after a bit I grabbed her hips and detonated the last of what I had in her ass as she screamed under me. Each of us in sync, cumming together without uttering a word. Pulling Penny up to my chest, holding her body with one hand and lightly caressing her tit with the other.
I slid from her ass, and led her to the shower. She was cleansed and toweled and put to bed before I took my shower and crawled in beside her. I thought she was asleep.
Penny rolled to lay on top of me. "I can honestly say I have had more cum in my ass on many occasions. But I have never felt as fulfilled as I do tonight, as loved as I do tonight."
I kissed her forehead, "My Unicorn."
She tucked her head under my chin and went to sleep on top of me.
- - -
I sent Morty a text Thursday. 'MIA one hour.'
I was there in forty-five minutes, and he was there with half his drink gone. Mine was arriving just as I sat down.
"Tell the kid riding shotgun he's due for a haircut."
"Huh?"
"Granny needs a new wig, and Elvis needs a new job."
He chuckled and shook his head.
"And if I find anything on my car I'm supergluing it to the director's girlfriend's ass."
He grabbed his phone and sent a quick text. "Asshole."
"Now what's so damn important?"
"You want a divorce?"
"WHAT!"
"We snagged the two killers, assassins is too nice a word for those idiots. They gave us enough to get to Hunter and his senile old man from a different direction. He's been enjoying a bit of overseas underage ass and sending naked selfies of it. Say the word and I can..."
"NO."
He grinned, "She got to you huh?"
I looked at him and didn't say a word.
"Okay, okay." He looked at his drink. "Anybody in the market for some high end cars?"
"Is this your idea of kiss and make up?"
He shrugged, "We have a sting coming together in Cali, and a few of the idiots are trying to liquidate and get out of town."
Yeah, he was kissing ass. Every once in a while an operation would come together in such a way that some of the perps were running scared thinking it was the competition coming after them, liquidating for a shot at fighting or running as the case may be. If they sold something before the sting, it was gone, couldn't be seized, and it was easier for cash to be 'absorbed'. If it was seized, then it went through the process, and quite often the choice pieces were 'confiscated for future undercover work.' As in they sat in secure storage for six months until it was time to clearance them out to make room for the next coveted treasure. Usually at ten cents on the dollar.
"I'll ask, but I don't think so. Hattie is always looking for a tank if you come across one." He about swallowed his drink whole. She had threatened to pull up in the director's driveway with one and launch a round through his bedroom window. Preferably with him still in bed. She'd even pay extra if she could catch him in the act with his girlfriend and send pics to his wife.
There was a real hate -- hate relationship between those two.
I was greeted at the door by an energetic naked woman. "So did you and Morty have a good talk?"
"Yes, we talked about several things."
"Like?"
"Like his agents need to do a lot better job at trying to tail someone."
She giggled.
"And that if they tried to put something on my car I told him I'd glue it to the director's girlfriend's ass."
"You wouldn't!"
"No, but Hattie would."
She laughed, I pulled her close and kissed her long and hard. "Got another piece of good news."
"Oh."
I kissed the side of her neck. "They found another angle to snag Hunter, and they have no clue that you are involved."
"Oh, does that mean..."
"That means you still need to be careful. But we don't need to be looking over our shoulders all the time."
"But Sir likes it when I look over my shoulder as he uses my ass," she whispered.
I leaned down and put her over my shoulder. She 'kicked and screamed' all the way while I squeezed her cheeks. I tossed her on the bed and her legs spread. The look on her face as I took my time getting undressed was lovely.
We made it out of bed for supper, then right back in.
- - -
We were just in the groove. Working a few of our regular contracts hunting for holes and back doors, when Hattie sent me a message. 'Penny has a kind of stepsister she doesn't know about.'
'Kind of?'
'Her mom remarried, and her husband has a daughter.'
'Hattie, if you went digging and it leads back here!'
There was a quick response, 'No, no facial rec, just plain old looking at pics.'
I was stewing.
'I just did Facebook searches, then old fashioned tracking. A royal PITA.'
I wanted to be mad at Hattie, I really did. But I knew how much she hated manual tracking. She'd run search after search through the computer, but scrolling through records and pictures manually was 'mundane work'.
'So what do you want me to do about it?'
'I don't know, I just thought you should know in case she needs to know.'
'Great, one more thing to worry about.'
'That's why you get paid the big bucks :)'
'The next job we get in Alaska you're at the top of the list.'
':b'
I plodded away for a few days, then I couldn't take it. Penny had made a lovely supper, and I was going to have to start working out with her on the pole or I was going to get FAT. Watching her swing and flex and spread was just getting me dehydrated at this point. She was trying to get upside-down throat fucking perfected.
We were cuddled on the balcony, and I was lightly stroking her back. "Have a question for you."
"Okay."
"What would you do if you had a sister?"
She turned to look at me, "Huh?"
I didn't respond.
"You need to explain that mister."
I sighed, damned if I do, damned if I don't. "Hattie did some digging. Your mom remarried and her new husband has a daughter."
She slouched back, "Oh, so not a 'sister' sister."
"I guess."
"You guess?"
"It's Hattie."
Penny snorted.
"She's been scolded... but."
"So what about her?"
"I have no idea, that's as far as I got."
Penny sighed, "So we have no idea if she's a rug rat or an old maid."
I chuckled, "Something like that. I didn't want to encourage her any more than she already was."
It was Penny's turn to chuckle. "She is... tenacious."
We both laughed. After her and Winchester's last trip, the feds had threatened to make something up to extend Winchester's probation. Hattie asked what news service she should send the director's daughter's rehab records to. They got pissy so she said she could add the assistant director's secretaries' abortion records as well, all three of them.
I didn't think any more about it. But two weeks later Penny came into my office. "Call Hattie."
She was online, so I sent her a message. 'Penny wants to know.'
I had barely hit enter and Hattie popped up on my screen. "Hi."
"Hattie..." I said slowly.
"Yes boss?" she said with entirely too much cheer.
"What do you know?" Penny asked.
"The basics. Your mom married a little over two years ago to a real estate guy. He had a daughter from a previous marriage."
"And the daughter?"
"She's twenty, no college plans that I can tell. Not the best GPA, but not bad. Bit of a wild child from her Facebook pics."
"So I'm not really related to her?"
"No. I didn't know if you wanted to check her out. I just kinda came across her information."
"Uh huh," I interjected into this conversation.
Hattie ducked her head, then the screen winked out. We received a Facebook link.
Hattie was right, the girl was a bit of a wild child. Her grades were only as good as they were because of the wimpy classes she took. Most of her friends on Facebook were not the best, and they had links to some even further down the social ladder.
We discussed it, or more like Penny talked to herself while I was sitting across from her watching her tits jiggle as her hands moved, and talked herself out of making contact until she knew she was clear of the whole Hunter and dipshit dad thing. She did check on her mom through the daughter's Facebook. There wasn't a lot, but it was enough to trace other things in a round about way to see mom was reasonably happy and financially secure.
I didn't say it, but I was glad not to have another pack of relatives to deal with. I had a few texts from Bill asking if I knew anybody getting rid of a nice boat cheap. He'd blown the motor in the little one he had and was too much of a tight ass to have a good shop rebuild it.
- - -
It was the following Christmas. Penny and I were going to spend it down in the keys at a nudist beach. Were being the operative word.
I got a text with an address and a phone number. 'If you want it, you have twenty-four hours to close, maybe forty-eight, and then it's gone. Make sure you get it as is with all contents.'
I did a quick Google Map search and it came up with a high rise in Palm Coast four blocks off the water. I made a few phone calls, and Penny and I were on the road to meet with the building manager.
"How were you able to find out it was available? We only received notice this morning."
I chuckled, "Good friends in low places. What can you tell me about it?"
"The owner is currently overseas on business. We received instructions to look into selling it. He seems to be motivated."
"What floor is the unit on?"
He grinned, "Um, it's the top four floors."
I hesitated half a step. "Ah, my information only had one unit number."
"Understandable, they were never broken up when the building was completed."
We looked through the unit, and Penny was wide eyed and almost drooling. I could see where it could be divided like the lower units into four per floor, or two per floor like our current place. Even then it was a larger footprint so the two per floor would be about fifteen percent larger than what we had.
It was nicely decorated. Not to my taste, but not bad. A much wider balcony on the ocean side and a nice spa.
"The rooftop pool and helipad are part of the unit."
I thought Penny was going to faint.
I had looked the appraisal up, and Mortimer's text would indicate somebody in a hurry.
I made an offer for fifty-five cents on the dollar, paid in full on signing the contract, offer valid until the end of business today to include everything above the thirty-fourth floor.
I don't know what, but if Mortimer was involved, I want everything I could lay claim to.
He made the call to make the offer. We had just gotten home when I received a call with a counter offer. Seventy-five. I smiled, just as I expected. I countered with sixty-five and funds to be wired to any account of his choosing outside the US upon receipt of a signed contract.
We went back down the elevator. We were either going to be checking out our new home, or going out for dinner. We were halfway there when we got the call with the acceptance and the account information. The agent had the digital contract.
We made a few minor changes to make sure it was as is and 100% mine upon signatures per my original offer. He wasn't happy, but he did sign. I wired the money and called a locksmith I knew. The building manager wasn't happy I wasn't using the in-house guy, but he was a bit wide eyed at the quality and type of locks I had installed. I didn't tell him these were just temporary. I just didn't know how temporary.
I also called Beau to have him give his fellow officers in this area a heads up, and he made a few phone calls. I had a funny feeling I was going to have some trouble in the next day or so, so I also made a call to the attorney and sent him a copy of the contract. Everything was good as far as he was concerned. Then he chuckled when I told him that a little birdie had told me to jump on this one.
He knew that meant it was a tip from Mortimer, and he'd make sure to keep his cell phone handy.
Sure enough, just as the sun was coming up, the shit hit the fan. Or more accurately the feds hit the top of the elevator run. The problem was the doors wouldn't open.
I hit the intercom button, "Can I help you?"
"Open the doors we have a warrant to search the premises!"
"Please hold the warrant up towards the camera above your head."
"Federal agents. Open the fucking door now!"
They stood there like that would make a difference.
One of them got out a knife and was trying to put it between the doors. I hit the button and the elevator went down ten feet and stopped. I had figured that much out with the security system. It had a security stop below the actual apartment doors.
"All right asshole!" and held the warrant up.
"I'm sorry, but Mr. Franklin doesn't live here."
"I don't give a fuck if he's in or not, we have a warrant to search the place."
"I think you misunderstood me. This is no longer his legal residence."
"OPEN THE FUCKING DOOR!"
"Please hold," and kicked on some really bad elevator music. Kind of ironic don't you think.
I called the attorney, he called the judge and explained the problem with the warrant the feds had.
I got to listen to the agents crammed into the elevator making all sorts of threats. I received a thumbs up text from the attorney.
I started the elevator back down to the lobby, "I'm sorry gentlemen, your warrant has been rescinded. Please contact your office for further instructions."
I locked out the controls so the only thing it could do was go to the lobby and sit with the doors open. Penny was right, having a private elevator is nice.
Funny, the pizza guy had no problem with the elevator.
We babysat the new place in shifts. Penny worked on her tan while I went back to retrieve a basic computer setup. Hattie squealed when I told her I had a new place in Palm Coast.
I took my case and headed back. I had the basics set up when the elevator chimed. I looked at the monitor and grinned. Hattie. I hit the authorization button and she scrambled in. I looked at her bare ankle tan line, she grinned. "Poodle."
I just shook my head.
I swear I didn't really need to be here. Penny and Hattie were going all over all four floors.
Things had just settled down when I got a text, one word. 'Elevator.'
What the fuck?
I went to the elevator and called it back up. I was looking around the inside of the cab, feeling the panels and supports and stuff. I'll be damned if I could find anything. The girls came back to see what I was doing. I showed Hattie the text, she rolled her eyes and joined in on the search.
We spent most of the day looking, nothing.
Hattie started going through the security feeds and sensors, nothing.
We ordered pizza again and stared at the open doors. Hattie stomped off to the kitchen and came back with a stool.
"What are you doing?" I asked.
"Going to look up top."
I shrugged, "I guess." I held the stool since she 'declined' to hold it for me. 'Fuck no, I thought of it, so I'm going.'
She popped the emergency trap door and shined the light up in there.
"What the fuck?"
"What is it?"
"There's another door."
"Huh?"
"On the backside of the shaft a good twenty feet up, there's another door."
"Let me see." She shifted back, and sure enough. Way up on a blank wall was another set of doors. There was no ladder I could see, and they were on the opposite wall from the elevator doors.
We all looked as best we could, and nobody could see how to access them. I looked and prodded at the back of the cab, but nothing budged. The shaft went all the way up, but no way to get there short of a rope down from the control room up top, and I didn't see an access panel.
By unanimous decision, our first purchase of the morning was going to be a step ladder.
The ladder didn't do much more than let us get on top of the cab.
Penny found the first clue. There was some kind of mechanism on the back of the elevator cab.
We went up to the control room, but that was a dead end. The relay sockets were all there for the unused floors, but they were empty.
Hattie was determined, and we were locked into the apartment for three hours. She tore the control panel apart. I was just hoping we were going to be able to get back down.
There was a whoop from the elevator, "Well I'll be fucking damned!"
We were looking at a spaghetti mess of wires on the backside of the control panel, and it didn't look like it would all fit back in the box. "What did you find?"
She waived to the mess, "A hidden switch."
"Where?"
"Right in front of our noses. The fire key switch is a three position, not two."
"So how the hell do we access it?"
"I can jump it for now until you get the key."
We all climbed in and let the doors shut. Hattie jumped the switch, and the cab moved up at a slow speed. I could see the doors coming up through the hatch. We were almost on them, and then we all stared. The back wall of the cab started dropping and the doors started appearing.
I gave them a push and they separated.
All we could do was stare. This was a bunker or hideout of some sort. It was basic, but well set up. I could see monitors showing several rooms of the apartment.
We looked around, then took the elevator back down to the apartment. Hattie put the panel back together. We hadn't said a word.
I sent a message to the building manager asking if he could get a message to Mr. Franklin. Please give him my number and tell him we were looking for the spare elevator key.
Two days later I got a text just as cryptic as Mortimer's. 'Broiler.' There were four kitchens in this place. One on the main floor, one on the third floor, one on the roof, and one on the third floor balcony.
The third floor main kitchen seemed to be the logical choice. After sticking my head in there and all but taking it apart, I found it. On top of the burner was a stainless steel key.
It turned the lock perfectly, and this time it turned the lights on when the doors opened automatically. This was something out of a spy movie. Sometimes I wondered just what agency Mortimer actually worked for, but was damn glad he was on our side.
There were accommodations for six in the bunk room. There was a small kitchen stocked primarily with freeze-dried and concentrates. Looked like enough for several days if you didn't pig out. Better than a three-quarters of the main room was computer monitors and video feeds. I switched around and it looked like there were cameras in every room. Penny snickered when I pulled up the feeds for the showers and underwater in the spa and pool. I couldn't help but smile at the thought of watching her swim naked from underwater. I wonder how she would look with a shark fin butt plug?
Hattie went back to her place and I called a moving company for our stuff. Penny went back to our old place to supervise and I sat and contemplated this one.
I had originally thought I would occupy the top floor, and subdivide the lower three. Basically, break even and have a bigger place. But I wasn't sure that was even possible now.
Hattie did some digging and came up with several sets of prints for the building. It had changed hands four times before it was completed. The first three sets of plans showed a thirty-nine floor building, the last had thirty-eight. With the top two having high ceilings and semi-exposed ductwork and such.
With the top 'four' being connected internally with staircases at different locations, nobody thought anything of it. Add in a bit of an alternating floor access and slightly different levels, and that extra quarter of a floor disappeared.
It was only once Hattie put all four of the floor plans into the computer and did a 3D rendering could we see it. It was an L-shaped area tucked behind some high ceilings, a bathroom, and a mechanical room. There was nothing in the normal rooms that would connect up in any way to give the notion something was missing between thirty-seven and thirty-eight in that part of the unit.
We were still trying to get our head around it the next morning when the bell chimed. I looked at the monitor to see an elderly gentleman in a coat and hat with a large case. "Whatever you're selling, I'm not buying."
The gentleman smiled. "I'm not selling anything sir, Mr. Franklin suggested I stop by and introduce myself to the new owner."
I had no idea, but I let him up and yelled out to Penny we had guests on the way up. She grumbled and slipped her bikini on.
He stepped out of the elevator with his hand out, "Good morning sir, my name is Jonathan Peters. If you will indulge me a few moments of your time, I will make everything clear."
I waved him to the table. He noticed Penny laying out in her excuse for a bikini, but didn't say anything.
"Mr. Franklin informed me of the rather sudden exchange of the unit and his inability to convey all of its features."
"Yes, we found a big surprise. You're telling me there's more?"
He chuckled, "Yes, that would be a bit of a surprise now wouldn't it?"
I snorted.
"I was part of the original design team. These five floors were to be part of an operation center."
"For?"
He just shrugged.
I groaned.
He chuckled. "I'm assuming you have made a bit of an inspection of the other room?"
"Just a quick look."
"Good, there are things there that can be very useful, but can be a bit touchy as well."
"Touchy?"
"Wouldn't you say this building is in a rather odd position?" changing the subject.
"Not particularly."
"Not many buildings this size in the area. Right on the edge between the business district and the hotel strip, conviently tall enough for the helipad."
"I hadn't looked, I found out about the unit for sale in an unusual manner."
He chuckled, "Yes, communicating with Mr. Lynch can be amusing."
Oh fuck, this was NOT going to be good. What had I just gotten myself into?
He chuckled at my expression.
"In addition to all the usual things you would expect to find, there are a few things you wouldn't, or more importantly couldn't, find on any prints or diagrams. This building sits on top of a major communications conduit that runs down the east coast. In that conduit are lines that don't exist. Lines that can be used by some of the equipment in that room."
"Jesus fucking Christ."
He chuckled, "No, he doesn't have clearance for that room."
I stared at him a moment, then we both broke down laughing.
"Not to be indelicate, but is Miss Mayes aware of that room?"
"She found it."
"Oh deeeeeear."
"Is that going to be a problem?"
He sighed, "It would have been preferable if she had not become aware of it. She has been rather... creative... in her actions at times."
This was starting to piss me off. "You mean when she didn't put up with someone else's
shit?"
He appeared to be a bit startled at my bluntness. "That's one way of putting it."
"So if I gave her the key and told her to start digging for all the little dirty secrets she could find, it might not be appreciated?"
"Now let's not get hasty here. I don't wish for anything bad to happen to anybody."
That just wound me up further, "Did it ever occur to any of those assholes that the only time people push is to push back?When some ass from a lettered agency oversteps or gets a god complex and thinks he can do what he wants?"This was not going the way he had anticipated. "I'm sure we can come to some kind of understanding.""Uh huh. Here's an easy one. Leave us the fuck alone. We stay in this country because we choose to. Data is data, it can be accessed from anywhere in the world in one way or another. You don't want a problem, don't cause one."He smiled a weak smile, "That doesn't sound all that unreasonable.""More than, and you drop all monitoring and tracking of Hattie and Winchester. If any of my people are bothered in any way, your dirty laundry comes out. We know about this site. And now that we have an inkling of what to look for, how many others around the country do you think Hattie can find?""Um, I'll relay your thoughts to my associates," he said with a nervous smile."That would be good. And while you're at it, kick in some detailed information on this place unless you want to let Hattie go digging and see what she can do?"He looked pale. "If you'll excuse me, I believe I need to get this back to my office."He left, and I looked around wondering just what was and was not operational. It just plain pissed me off! I sent Hattie a text asking when she was taking her dog to the park, then went out to fuck the hell out of my wife.Penny grinned, groaned, screamed, and flailed for half an hour. I collapsed beside her, apologized, and relayed what Peters had said. She looked as worried as I felt. I could try and hide it from Hattie, but that would only be a band-aid. I got a text from her that she would meet me at the park tomorrow for supper.Great, lunch today with the fishes.We had a corner we sat in watching the kids and the fish at the seaquarium. Hattie was fascinated and pissed at the same time. I could see her thinking of all sorts of things she could do with that kind of access. She mellowed out a bit when I told her of my demands.She still put me on her deadman site list. It was a background app on my phone. If I didn't use my phone in some way for two days, it would check the other four and alert them. If two of us were out of contact, her dirty laundry info would be sent all over the place.We were just leaving when I got a text, 'You really need a fucking tutor?''You want Hattie's shit list info broadcast worldwide?''Keep your panties on. I'll see you tomorrow evening, and tell Hattie to quit torturing the dog and bring it with her.''You bring the lobster.'We went home, Hattie went home, got the ankle monitor off the dog, and came to spend the night. She didn't get much sleep. She spent most of the night in the room. By morning she was strung out on caffeine and giddy from what she had discovered so far. I forced her to go lay down for a while.Hattie snores! Like a lumberjack snore, like a rattle the windows snore.Penny and I sat in the spa and snuggled, and groped, and...Soaping a hot babe in the shower is heaven. Watching her shower outside in the sunshine to entertain you is a blessing.We ordered BBQ for lunch, and I was blinded.Penny loaned Hattie one of my shirts. Hattie is a foot shorter than me, and blindingly white, as in the first winter snow white. I tried to shield my eyes, she flipped me off. I did have to grin. Even though she works for me, I somehow noticed there were some huge tits with big fat nipples attached to that short woman wobbling around braless inside my shirt.
This was not going the way he had anticipated. "I'm sure we can come to some kind of understanding."
"Uh huh. Here's an easy one. Leave us the fuck alone. We stay in this country because we choose to. Data is data, it can be accessed from anywhere in the world in one way or another. You don't want a problem, don't cause one."
He smiled a weak smile, "That doesn't sound all that unreasonable."
"More than, and you drop all monitoring and tracking of Hattie and Winchester. If any of my people are bothered in any way, your dirty laundry comes out. We know about this site. And now that we have an inkling of what to look for, how many others around the country do you think Hattie can find?"
"Um, I'll relay your thoughts to my associates," he said with a nervous smile.
"That would be good. And while you're at it, kick in some detailed information on this place unless you want to let Hattie go digging and see what she can do?"
He looked pale. "If you'll excuse me, I believe I need to get this back to my office."
He left, and I looked around wondering just what was and was not operational. It just plain pissed me off! I sent Hattie a text asking when she was taking her dog to the park, then went out to fuck the hell out of my wife.
Penny grinned, groaned, screamed, and flailed for half an hour. I collapsed beside her, apologized, and relayed what Peters had said. She looked as worried as I felt. I could try and hide it from Hattie, but that would only be a band-aid. I got a text from her that she would meet me at the park tomorrow for supper.
Great, lunch today with the fishes.
We had a corner we sat in watching the kids and the fish at the seaquarium. Hattie was fascinated and pissed at the same time. I could see her thinking of all sorts of things she could do with that kind of access. She mellowed out a bit when I told her of my demands.
She still put me on her deadman site list. It was a background app on my phone. If I didn't use my phone in some way for two days, it would check the other four and alert them. If two of us were out of contact, her dirty laundry info would be sent all over the place.
We were just leaving when I got a text, 'You really need a fucking tutor?'
'You want Hattie's shit list info broadcast worldwide?'
'Keep your panties on. I'll see you tomorrow evening, and tell Hattie to quit torturing the dog and bring it with her.'
'You bring the lobster.'
We went home, Hattie went home, got the ankle monitor off the dog, and came to spend the night. She didn't get much sleep. She spent most of the night in the room. By morning she was strung out on caffeine and giddy from what she had discovered so far. I forced her to go lay down for a while.
Hattie snores! Like a lumberjack snore, like a rattle the windows snore.
Penny and I sat in the spa and snuggled, and groped, and...
Soaping a hot babe in the shower is heaven. Watching her shower outside in the sunshine to entertain you is a blessing.
We ordered BBQ for lunch, and I was blinded.
Penny loaned Hattie one of my shirts. Hattie is a foot shorter than me, and blindingly white, as in the first winter snow white. I tried to shield my eyes, she flipped me off. I did have to grin. Even though she works for me, I somehow noticed there were some huge tits with big fat nipples attached to that short woman wobbling around braless inside my shirt.
She managed to get back in 'uniform' after lunch. All black and no more nipple wobble. She started to give us a basic rundown of the 'tech cave.' With ultra high-end equipment and a direct tie-in to the internet backbone, she was almost high with the thought of what she could do.
"Could or did?"
"Relax boss, I only ran stuff I would from my rig at home."
I sighed, "And?"
And it runs at least ten times faster and hits more backdoors than ever before. It didn't even slow down at some of the firewalls."
"Hattie..."
"No, I haven't hit the fed sites... yet."
Mortimer showed up curtailing the conversation.
"Hi Morty!" Penny sang out.
Hattie spewed her drink hearing that.
"Don't even think it," he glared at Hattie.
She stuck her tongue out at him, then grinned and handed him a Crown Royal bag.
He stuck his hand in and came out with a handful of dime sized chips. "Really?"
Hattie had made a stop on the way to make a point. She had fed her ankle bracelet though a wood chipper.
The first big surprise was Mortimer walking to one of the wall control panels and putting his thumb on the logo on the screen. It didn't happen right away, but then every door and window glass went dark.
"Full RF shielding."
Hattie squealed. "Like a four-story Faraday cage?"
He pointed to the open patio door. "As long as you don't leave the door open."
He showed us a number of hidden compartments around the place, all with mysteriously empty weapon holders.
The next stop was the control room. He was going over things with Hattie, and she soon ran him into the ground with questions he didn't have the technical knowledge to answer. It was amusing to see this twenty-seven year old little girl pepper a forty-five year old man into the ground with tech questions.
He gave up and asked me to accompany him to the garage.
Hattie grinned in triumph.
I got one last lesson. As we approached the lobby, Mortimer pressed and held the already lit garage button. The display dinged for the garage, but we kept moving. And he was grinning.
We stopped and the doors opened to a good sized room. There were two vehicles sitting there in a space that could easily hold eight or ten, a limo and a large SUV, both shiny black. "Old presidential vehicles. They've had a lot of the goodies removed, but still high power and heavy armor."
"Who do they belong to?"
"Howard Hughes and Santa Claus. The keys are in the control room lockbox."
"Any more surprises? Backdoors into the system and such?"
He shrugged, "Not that I'm aware of."
That meant we were probably infested.
I dug out a burner and went to Wendy's and made a phone call to Beau. He evidentially made a few more calls. Three days later there was a crew-cut looking guy in the lobby.
"Can I help you?"
"Triphammer."
He came up and stuck his hand out. "I'm Sandy Beach, and Beau sends his regards." All he would ever say was that he and Beau met in the Navy.
We walked the place, pointed out what we knew about, and discussed a lot of what we suspected. Shortly he and Hattie were speaking Greek and headed to the control room. His eyes twinkled when I showed him the two vehicles.
We came up with a game plan. We were going to have another elevator door installed on thirty-seven, and a door put in between thirty-six and thirty-seven to separate them. We were already in the upstairs. Hattie would shift down.
We sent a text to Morty, who made contact with Peters. Four days later a Chinook dropped two crates on the rooftop helipad. The crew to install the elevator doors arrived the next day. A week later and you would never have known that set of elevator doors were new. They blended in perfectly.
On the Fourth of July weekend, Sandy came bearing gifts. He showed up with six large cases.
He flipped his briefcase open to reveal a control panel and a bunch of switches. He plugged it in and flipped switches. When everything was green he smiled. It was his 'electric blanket.' It was a white noise generator and video scrambler all in one. Even our cell phone cameras didn't work.
He and Hattie spent a day and a half walking the units with a recording sonar unit. They started out with a sheet of yellow sticker dots. They had to get a second page. They found all the compartments Morty had shown us. Plus a dozen more. Mostly small ones, but one on each floor in a strategic point that was a little more than man-sized with a view out into the room.
All the extra spots with yellow dots got scanned twice more at different angles. They would put the scans together in the computer to see if they needed further investigation or not.
Sandy did wind up paying for himself, literally. Seems one of the heat pump units in the mechanical room was a fake. It had a decent-sized safe behind the front panel, and it was half full of old one-hundred-dollar bills. By the time we were done, it would pay for him and delousing the unit.
Our first task was the simplest and yet the biggest pain. Changing all the locks. Not getting them re-keyed or coded, but physically changed. Every lock in the house except the bathroom doors was electronic. Touchpad, RFID, fingerprint, or some combination of all three. Hattie and Winchester were almost giddy, and Winchester wasn't even here... yet.
We knew things were being monitored, so we were careful about what we said inside, but lots of foil-lined shopping bags went straight to the control room. Hattie spent most of her free time in one of the bedrooms in there.
Thanksgiving weekend the shit hit the fan from our end. That evening Winchester arrived by helicopter after he set a twenty-foot shipping container right by the stairs to the roof. Hattie was in the control room, and I had lowered the elevator cab to just below our doors. Then the lights went out.
Hattie shown a flashlight up from below her face grinning. She and Winchester were enjoying this far too much. He started a little generator to give us some light, then he took the helicopter and made a quick run down to the parking lot to get Sandy. Sandy had disabled our backup generator and the feeds from both power grids. Yeah, Peters somehow forgot to mention that the building also sat on the line between two power grids with this unit having connections to both. We were now dark to the outside world while the rest of the building was still lit up bright and shiny.
We laid a couple of planks across the top of the elevator cab and put the step ladder up to the control room doors and started in. Penny and I got the 'easy' part. Changing out every lock in the place. The techies got started on the other stuff.
We had several boxes of door lock assemblies. They all had an RFID reader and a small button pad. Purchased from a prepper friend of Winchester's. The control boards were handmade and totally secure. Winchester and Sandy were going around swapping out all the control panels around the house. Every damn one of them had a camera in it for facial rec., and whatever else somebody that accessed them could think of. Hattie was holed up in the control room cackling like the wicked witch of the west.
The amazing thing was that all of the cameras in the place were hard wired.
With the basics all complete, I went to the mechanical room and re-energized the grid connections and Sandy went down to re-enable the backup generator.
About half an hour later I got one of those mysterious texts, 'What are you up to?'
I chuckled as I typed out the response, "Shhh, you'll wake up the critters. I had to get an exterminator, the place was infested.'
He didn't bother to respond.
With most of everything working, I went up to the control room to check on things, I almost wished I hadn't. The room looked like it had been tumbled down a hill. Parts and pieces and wires everywhere. Winchester chuckled and had me help him with the data cabinets. They were a pain to get down the stairs, but rolled on their own casters from there.
By Sunday afternoon we were 'divorced' as Hattie put it. Everything but the main computer was put in the shipping container and flown off for somebody to play with. Everything that could be swapped out was, just minus those few mysterious extra chips. The main computer was still here, but it was in its own cabinet with an isolation box and disconnect switch. It also wasn't even plugged in unless Hattie needed it for something she couldn't hack on her own. It very rarely got used. Her computer with the direct backbone connection made her happy, REAL happy.
Sandy enjoyed the cash payday, and we gave him quite a bonus. He rode out with Winchester on the helicopter, sitting in the open door grinning.
Now that Penny knew the feds couldn't watch her, her hormones were let loose. Hattie decided to go back and clean out her old place, even the two floors between us weren't enough when Penny was screaming to get her ass fucked on the balcony.
I had just unloaded on Penny's tits when my phone dinged with a message from Hattie, 'Got a tail.'
I sent one to him. 'Morty, do you really want to piss Hattie off now that she has access to all those nice toys?'
'Asshole.'
I got a smiley face from Hattie about twenty minutes later.
Hattie decided it was safe to come back on Wednesday.

* * *

That was three years ago. Seems Penny's hormones were on a roll that week. Nine months later little Randy was born, named after my grandfather Randolph.
The hot pics of Penny on the living room wall were replaced with a pic of her in a bikini, a pic of her naked at eight months grinning, and another of her nursing Randy, also naked. She wasn't showing her pussy, but those delicious tits were on display.
Hattie preferred meeting in the conference room on thirty-five instead of our living room.
My family had the mixed feelings you'd expect. The guys love the pictures. Mom, my sister, and Fred's wife didn't appreciate them. Bill's wife asked where we got them printed.
Penny showed her the one in the bedroom and they came back out giggling. Penny on her hands and knees facing the camera. Tits and huge nipples hanging in front of her big belly grinning at me. I really loved that pic, I had just finished fucking her ass and put that first plug back in. I get a tear every time I read it. The one hidden behind it of her laid back, tits and pregnant belly behind spread legs and pussy dribbling on that plug get me going every damn time!
His love has marked me inside and out.nicely visible.
I heard the monitor and got up. I don't think I had more than four hours of sleep a night in longer than I care to remember, and I didn't care one damn bit. I let Penny sleep.
I warmed up some formula and went to feed my daughter. Holding her and walking with her, seeing the portraits of her and her brother and their mother on the wall. It made me smile knowing they weren't quite the 'normal' pictures you'd see of mom and kids.
I grin in the moonlight as I give little Alice a bounce. The two last additions to the wall were of her mother carrying her at eight months, and nursing her and holding Randy at the same time. Well, that and the cheap little plastic trophy she won the evening Alice was conceived.
She was conceived shortly after a few days of nursing Randy topless on the beach during spring break. I enjoyed her milk-filled tits hanging out as much as the college boys did. I have several pics of her grinning up on stage and leaning back to put them on display with milk drops on her nipples. I even got her to fill the little trophy cup so I could drink her milk from it.
I put Alice back in her crib and walked back to the bedroom. I had to smile at Penny laid there with the comforter pushed down, her milk-filled tits standing proud even in her sleep.
So maybe Unicorns are real, I have one sleeping with me every night...

# # # #

There area some unsavory government charters in this story, mainly because it helped the storyline. They are in no way indicative of the majority of the men and women that serve this nation and take pride in their oath to the constitution. But within any organization, there are both those that will abuse their power and those idiots that somehow make it to the top and don't get filtered out along the way. Our current administration is a shining example of that.
To those that honestly serve this country and the constitution honoring the founding fathers, I can only say thanks as we all do our best to get this great nation back on track to its founding principles.
* * *
Twitter unfortunate truth -- Roughly 21% ofAmerican'sare on it -- 10% of those make 95% of the negative tweets. That means when the 'media' claims that Twitter 'blows up', it is roughly 2.1% of theAmericanpopulation that's getting their panties in a twist. ( 2019 -- 2020 numbers )