I discover the real me - and I like it.
***
Part 01
When I was growing up clothes weren't something that I rushed to put on each day, except in winter. I just never saw the point, I mean it was warm enough to go without and it meant more washing for mum. Both mum and dad were always telling me,
"Dani, go and put some clothes on." right up to when I reached puberty.
I started to feel a bit self-conscious about my body, probably because both mum and dad kept telling me that because my body was changing my brain had to change and I had to wear clothes all the time. I guess that I believed them and my running around without clothes just about stopped - for a few years.
When I got to about 16 my parents started to give me some independence and one of the things they did was to increase my weekly allowance to include money to buy my own clothes, but I also has to do my own laundry.
With my new found freedom I went clothes shopping. I still had to wear the school uniform so I didn't have to buy that many dresses or skirts and tops, but I certainly had the freedom to wear whatever underwear that I wanted.
Oh, I guess that I should have told you earlier, my name is Dani, but it's short for Daniella. Before I was born my parents didn't know what I was going to be and they decided on Daniella if it was a girl and Daniel if it was a boy. When they were talking about their pending arrival they called the unborn baby Dani and that sort of stuck after I was born.
I guess that it was the newfound freedom and me choosing my own clothes that started to re-kindle my desire to shed my clothes. I was practical and sensible enough to realises that I could not start running around without clothes on even though I started to want to again. So I chose underwear that definitely wasn't for the prudish girls at school, little thongs, usually see-through, and bras that were definitely NOT of the industrial strength or thickness that the prudish girls wore. I chose bras that are more like tiny string bikini tops but made of very thin, see-through mesh. This was possible because my breasts never grew bigger than a 'A' cup so I never need any support. Fortunately, my mother never said any thing about the 2 little bumps in my tops.
I didn't have the courage to wander around naked or in just my underwear when my parents were at home, but when they were away it was a different story. I started to enjoy the freedom of being without clothes again. The only drawback was that I had to do a deal with my younger brother after he caught me once. The deal was that whenever I stripped off and he was home I had to go and find him and let him look at my naked body for a full minute.
That deal probably pleased him as much as it did me, but looking was all that it was. The deal lasted until I left home to go to university.
However, my brother didn't get to see me every time that I got naked. I got thinking one night in bed and then got up in the middle of the night and went for a walk around the house naked - I'd stopped wear nighties when I started to get the urges again and I've never worn knickers to bed.
Anyway, after wandering around the house naked in the middle of the night for a while the excitement started to fade so I wanted more. From wandering around the house it progressed into around the garden, then out onto the street.
The street wasn't such a big deal because we live in a big house with no one else living within about 100 metres, and we live in a leafy village outside a big city. It's off the main roads and down a dead-end road so there is very little traffic even in the daytime.
It got to the point where I'd be out in and around the village for 2 or 3 hours, 3 or 4 times a week in the middle of the night totally naked and staring at the different houses wondering what the people inside the houses would think if they saw me. The village is so small that everyone knows everyone else so I knew the people whose house I was stood outside.
The school summer holidays were the best, I'd often go for walks on the sunny days, stripping naked and hiding my clothes as soon as I got out of the village. I'd usually end up in the nearby woods or by the river, stopping to sunbathe sometimes.
Eventually, I finished at school and was due to start at a university miles from home. It was my last summer at home and I took the opportunity to strip naked as soon as my parents left for work and to stay naked until I saw one of their cars coming down the drive on an afternoon.
Of course the deal with my brother still held and he saw me naked quite a lot that school holiday.
I had mixed feelings about going to university. Yes I had all the feeling that I expect all young people have when leaving home to go to university, but at the same time I didn't want my amateur naturist days to end because I loved being naked.
The university that I go to houses the students in 4 storey blocks. They were mixed but it was boys on floor 1 and 3 and girls on floors 2 and 4 with a big bathrooms at one end of each floor for the sex of the kids on that floor.
The first few weeks were hectic and I didn't get the chance to dwell on my secret desires. Most of the girls started to settle in and things got more settled and relaxed. It became a common sight for girls to leave their room to go for a shower wearing just a towel, and I was one of them.
After doing that for about a week I decided to take the towel to, and from the bathroom over my shoulder or arm. After a few neutral comments about my nudity from the other girls I just kept doing it, as did a few other girls.
Then some of the girls got friendly with boys from the floor above or below and the first time that a naked girl walking to the bathroom was caught by a boy visiting a girl, she screamed so loud that the whole floor came out to see who had been murdered.
From that day on the towels went to the bathroom firmly wrapped around the owner; except for mine.
I couldn't explain it but taking the risk of being seen naked by a man turned me on. It took about a week before a boy came out of a room right in front of me as I went for a shower and I just froze. The boy froze too, but only for a couple of seconds then he started grinning as he stared at the naked me.
The strange thing was that I never made any attempt to cover any part of myself. In fact I felt my nipples go rock hard and my pussy tingle and get wet.
It seemed like hours that we stared at each other, but in reality it was probably no more than 10 seconds before he turned and walked out, going the same way as me but in front of me. I started walking again, following him and still not making any attempt to cover my tits or puss.
When he got to the door to go down the stairs he turned and looked at me again, smiled and said,
"See you around naked girl."
I wanted to say,
"I hope so," but I smiled and said nothing.
In the shower I masturbated to the best orgasm that I had ever had. Back in my room I stayed naked until I had to go to classes, then got dressed, putting on one of my shortest dresses, and no underwear.
My desire to be naked was back. I didn't have the courage to be the university's naked girl but I did decide that underwear was history and that as soon as I had a free day I was going to town to buy some more very short skirts and dresses.
As few days later, the same boy caught me again. I'd been watching the door of the girl's room that he'd come out of before but this time he came out of a different girl's room.
Again we both stopped and stared at each other for a few seconds, the boy grinning from ear to ear.
"Well hi there naked girl, it's good to see all of you again."
"Hi," I replied, still standing there not making any attempt to cover myself and starting to feel wet between my legs.
"So do you often walk around naked?"
"Only when I'm going for a shower or in my room."
"And what time do you usually go for a shower?"
"Around this time."
"Maybe I should come and watch you."
"I go to the girl's bathroom, boys aren't allowed in there."
"They aren't allowed to spend the night in girl's rooms be here I am."
"You aren't going to watch me shower today."
"Maybe some other time then."
I smiled, said nothing, and started walking again.
He started walking next to me and when we got to the bathroom door he said,
"Until the next time naked girl."
Again I had an amazing orgasm in the shower but that time I was imagining that boy watching me shower and masturbating. I was horny all day.
Two days later as I was walking to the bathroom for a shower when from behind me I heard,
"Cute butt naked girl."
I stopped and turned to see the same boy coming out of yet another girl's room, again me making no attempt to cover my pussy or tits.
The boy caught up with me when I turned and continued to walk to the bathroom.
"So you like being naked in public naked girl?"
I said nothing.
"Meet me in the cafe at 7 pm." He said as he opened the door to the stairwell.
"Cheeky bastard." I thought as I went into the bathroom.
Again I had a very intense orgasm in the shower.
Throughout the day I thought about what the boy had said, did he really think that my butt was cute and should I go to the cafe to meet him?
My pussy was wet and tingling all that day and it was my pussy that told me that I would meet him.
When I got back to my room I had to decide what I was going to wear. I still hadn't decided when I was taking my second shower of the day. As I washed my pussy and inner thighs that were covered in my dried juices, I found myself wondering if I should shave off all my pubic hair. I'd always shaved it down to a small triangle just above my slit but I considered removing the lot. I had no intention of letting the boy see my pussy but I still considered shaving it all off. Instead I settled for a close trim and shaving everywhere other than the small triangle.
Back in my room I did my usual lotioning session, did my hair and put on a small amount of make-up.
I had no idea why I was putting the make-up on because I certainly wasn't trying to impress the boy.
Then I had to decide what to wear. I tied on 4 outfits before deciding on a very short, almost micro mini, summer dress. No underwear of course.
As I left my room one of the other girls was walking my way,
"Hot date Dani? You look good girl."
I smiled and thanked her, telling her that I was only going to the cafe to meet someone.
I got to the cafe at 6:55, got a coffee and sat at a table near the window. As I sat down the plastic chair was cold on my bare pussy.
Twenty minutes later I was still on my own and thinking about leaving. Another 5 minutes later in he walked and came and sat opposite me. His first words were,
"Uncross your legs and spread your knees."
My eyes opened wide and my jaw dropped a little as I glared at him.
"Uncross your legs and spread your knees naked girl."
Still glaring at him I did as ordered. He slid down on his chair and I felt his knees inside mine.
"That's better naked girl. Never cross your legs when you are with me."
"Well hello to you too, what's your name?" I said.
"Ethan, what's yours, or shall I just call you 'naked girl'?"
"Dani, short for Daniella."
"Well Dani, just why are you here?"
"Because you invited me."
"No I didn't, I told you to be here, so why are you here? Do you always do what you are told naked girl?"
"It's Dani, and, and I guess that I'm here because you told me to be here."
"And if I told you to take your knickers off right here and now and give then to me would you do it?"
"No."
"Maybe I should go." Ethan said, "It looks like you aren't the girl that I thought you were."
"No, I can't take off my knickers because I'm not wearing any."
"Maybe there's hope for you yet."
I felt Ethan's knees spreading which meant that mine were spreading even further apart. I also felt the air on my open labia and vaginal entrance.
"Hope for what?" I asked.
"You are a submissive as well as an exhibitionist."
"No I'm not."
"Oh yes you are naked girl. If you weren't you wouldn't be here without underwear and doing what I'm telling you to do."
I didn't know what to say so I stayed silent as I thought about what Ethan had just said.
I didn't get much of a chance to think about what he'd said because he told me to pull the elasticated top of my dress down and to show him my tits. I looked around to check that no one was looking at us then I did it.
"Good naked girl, you are learning, but next time do it without thinking or looking around. If you do you will be punished. I see that your nipples are rock hard, are they tingling or throbbing?"
"Both."
"Good. That confirms that you are enjoying being exposed and taking orders from me."
Again I was shocked, I couldn't possibly be enjoying my situation.
"No I am not."
"Put 2 fingers in your hole."
My eyes opened wide again, and my jaw dropped again, but I did as I was told.
"Hold them up so that I can see."
To my sheer embarrassment my 2 fingers were almost dripping with my juices.
"Suck them."
I did, it wasn't the first time that I had tasted my own juices but I'd never done it whilst out in public, or in front of anyone, and my face got even redder as the 2 fingers entered my mouth.
"Well done slut. Now pull your dress up so that just your areolas are showing then go and get us both a coffee, and don't touch your dress."
I got up, hoping that the skirt part of my dress would fall to cover me, and that my nipples wouldn't escape.
I was very self-conscious as I walked over to the counter. I looked at everyone to see if they were looking at me. I saw only 1 boy looking at me and he was smiling. I prayed that my private parts were not exposed.
I got the coffees then walked back to the table with a hot mug of coffee in each hand. As I approached the table Ethan got to his feet and I thought that maybe he was a gentleman after all but I was in for a shock. Just as I got to the table he put his hands on the hem of my dress and pulled it down.
I screamed but could do no more until I put the coffee down.
"I told you that that dress was too big for you Dani; it's fallen off all on its own." Ethan said loud enough for the people who had turned to look at me could hear.
I quickly put the mugs on the table, pulled my dress back up and sat down. I immediately felt Ethan's knees going between mine and spreading them wide. This time so wide that even the A-line skirt of the dress rode up nearly to my waist.
"You bastard." I said.
"Come on naked girl, tell me that you didn't enjoy that, I bet that your pussy is gushing right now."
Even though my face was bright red and I was annoyed at him, I quickly realised that he was right. I said nothing.
As we sat drinking our coffee Ethan quietly said,
"From now on naked girl, I am your Master and you are my submissive. You will do everything that I tell you without delay or question. When we are alone you will address me as 'Master' or 'Master Ethan', when other people are around it will be just Ethan. Do you understand?"
I stayed silent, not really believing what I was hearing but at the same time my pussy was tingling.
"Do you understand naked girl?"
"Yes." I quietly replied.
"Yes what?" naked girl.
"Yes Master Ethan."
"That's better. If you get it wrong again or disobey me in any way, you will be punished."
"Yes Master Ethan. May I ask what form the punishment will take?"
"You may naked girl. It will usually be in the form of a spanking but I will not rule out any other forms of punishment. It depends upon the circumstances at the time."
As he was saying that I felt my pussy muscles tense up and I imagined myself laying naked over Ethan's lap and his hand coming down, over and over, onto my bare butt.
"Thank you Master Ethan."
"Another thing naked girl, I will use all of your body as and when I like, and how I like."
"Yes Master Ethan."
"Starting from tomorrow you will take your shower at 8 am every morning and you will continue going to the shower dressed as you were this morning. The only things that will change are that you will shower every day in the men's bathroom on the floor below, in the cubicle nearest the entrance door, the one with no curtain, and that each morning you will shave your whole body below your neck."
"Yes Master Ethan, does that include shaving all my pubic hair off?"
"What part of the words 'whole body' don't you understand?"
"Sorry Master, Yes Master." I quietly said.
As we were talking I felt something moving between my thighs and looked down to see Ethan's right foot, minus his shoe, moving towards my uncovered pussy. I gasped as his big toe touched my exposed clit. He waggled it about and within a minute I orgasmed, right there, in front of him and in a public cafe.
As my waves of pleasure subsided I looked around and was pleased to see that no one was taking any notice of me; but I was still so embarrassed and humiliated. The only places that I'd orgasmed before were private places and definitely with no one else around to watch me.
"Was that your first public orgasm naked girl?" Ethan asked.
"Yes Master." I quietly replied.
"Well get used to it, it will happen quite a lot from now on."
My face got redder, but at the same time I was sort of looking forward to it. I suddenly thought that it was a good job that the back of my dress wasn't under my butt. If it had been I would be very embarrassed going back to my room with a big wet patch on the back of it.
"Right naked girl, I'm leaving now. This is your one time chance to ignore this meeting. If you are in the men's shower at 8 am tomorrow I will assume that you agree to everything that I have told you. We will meet again here tomorrow at the same time and you will bring your course schedule with you. I need to know when you will be unavailable.
If you are not there at 8 am tomorrow I'll assume that you don't have the courage to meet your bodily requirements and we will never speak again."
With that Ethan pulled his big toe from in my pussy, slipped his shoe back on, got up and left, not looking back even once. I just sat there for ages trying to absorb everything that had just been said and happened. As I sat there I realised that my knees were still wide open and that my pussy was still leaking like a tap. I grabbed a few of the paper napkins and pushed them to my pussy before closing my knees. I didn't want to leave a little puddle when I stood up.
My thoughts ranged from, I'm crazy, what the hell am I doing here? To why did he go, why didn't he take me to a place where lots of people would be and fuck me with everyone watching. I thought that that was what I wanted, but did I have the courage to become a total slut, okay nor in the true meaning of the word, or was it? Would Ethan tell me to fuck any man that asked me, or that he old me to?"
I was confused.
When I eventually got to my feet I checked the chair and picked up the wet napkins. I stuffed them into one of the mugs then walked to the door. My brain was still so confused that I never even checked to see that my dress was covering what it was designed to cover.
I took the long way back to my dorm room hoping that the walk would clear my head and all that I could manage when one of my course mates passed me was a quiet,
"Oh hi."
When I got back to my room I googled 'exhibitionist' and 'submissive'. I re-read definitions over and over and after my initial shock and disbelief, I came to the conclusion that I was both of those things and that it turned me on. I took my dress and shoes off, grabbed my shower things and went to the girl's bathroom. I hoped that a shower would help me decide what I was going to do.
I guess that maybe it did because my right hand got busy and I had another orgasm.
Back in my room I got on my bed and the doubts returned. I questioned my sanity numerous times before finally falling asleep.
I woke up at 7:30 to the sound of my alarm, not even remembering that I had set it and still feeling half asleep.
Picking up my towel and shower bag I started walking towards the bathroom. When I saw the door with the words 'Ladies Only' on it I stopped. I had a decision to make and I'm sure that it was my pussy and nipples that made the decision for me. My nipples were rock hard and throbbing, my clit was also throbbing and my vagina had turned into a tap again.
I turned and headed to the door to the stairwell.
On top of my nipples and pussy issues, my heart was pounding as I opened the door to the boys floor. I stepped out and immediately heard one boy shouting,
"Naked girl in the corridor."
Trying to ignore the male faces that started appearing, I walked to the men's bathroom door and stepped in.
For some strange reason I expected there to be no one there, but there was. I was confronted by 3 boys in various states of undress. All 3 of them turned and looked at the naked girl who had just walked in. One of then dropped his towel revealing a rapidly growing cock.
"Hi guys," I managed to say, "just come for a shower." Then I saw the cubicle that Ethan had told me to use, I hung my towel up on the opposite wall and stepped in and put my shower bag on the little shelf. I got out my soap and shampoo and put them ready to use. Then I turned to look out of the cubicle and saw 2 guys standing there watching me, one was just wearing his boxers, the other one was naked, complete with hard-on.
That was the first erect cock that I had ever seen. Of course I had seen my little brother's cock but that was when he was little. And, I had never had a boyfriend, even if there had been anyone at school my mother wouldn't have let me go out with him.
Once I knew that I was going to university I knew that I was free to date boys and, of course, I'd thought about having sex and seeing my boyfriend naked, but seeing an erect penis in the men's bathroom with me naked in a shower was something that I just never imagined, and I was both shocked and fascinated.
I tried not to stare but my fascination was getting the better of me, and taking my mind off me being naked with 2 guys staring at me. I turned the water on and started soaping myself, all the time glancing over to the now 3 guys, one of whom was offering to soap my back.
Apart from my glances over to them I managed to get on with my shower. Soaping and shampooing done, I got my razor out. Starting with my armpits, I saw the now 4 guys watching me.
Armpits done, it was time to shave my legs. There was nothing in the cubicle to put a foot on so I had to bend over to reach my shins. I'd had my back to my little audience and I bent over. I could hear my audience talking but I was unable to work out what they were saying because of the noise of the shower and I got on with the job shaving first my right leg then my left leg.
Then came my pussy. I again decided to shave it with my back to the guys. Shaving off my little triangle and the rest of that area wasn't so bad but when I had to open my legs to shave round my labia it was obvious what I was doing and I heard more talking from the guys.
Finally I was done and rinsed off. When I turned the water off I could hear what the guys were talking about. I was surprised to hear that they were talking about my pussy. I heard one of them say,
"You should have seen her pussy when she bent over."
It was then that I realised what I must have been showing when I bent over. I felt my face heat up.
I zipped everything into my shower bag then I had to get to my towel. By then it was behind about 6 young men, one still naked with a hard-on. I turned to face them and immediately got comments about my bald pubes. It was the first that that my pubes had been completely bald since I was a little girl and I felt more naked than ever before.
I stood there looking at them looking at me for ages before I decided that I had to do something. Somehow I managed to say,
"Excuse me please guys, I need to get my towel."
The group parted and I managed to walk between the 2 smaller groups and get my towel. I should have just wrapped it round me and run back to my room but something was stopping me and I started to dry myself.
As I got to my pussy I realised that it was my pussy that was stopping me from running, it was wetter than it had been when the shower water was pounding down on me. Somehow, I found some courage and pandered to what I now knew was my exhibitionist side and sat on the bench to dry my feet.
Lifting one foot at a time, I put my foot on my other knee and dried the foot. As I lifted the foot I felt my vulva lips spread and come into the view of some of the guys. I heard a few cheers as I rubbed the foot.
Then I did the other foot and got cheers from those who hadn't got a good view earlier.
Now dry, except for my pussy, I stood up, collected my things and left to more cheers from the guys. There was 2 more guys out in the corridor and they stopped and stared at me as I headed for the stairwell to go back up to my room.
As I walked along the girl's corridor I thought about Ethan.
"I've just wasted my time, Ethan wasn't even there. No, it wasn't a waste, that was good. That was the most intense experience of my life, it was awesome, way better than walking around a quiet village in the middle of the night. I've got to do that again."
I continued my walk deciding that I had something to take care of before I got dressed.
Opening my room door I got another shock / surprise. There was Ethan, as naked as the day he was born but with a cock that was way, way bigger and harder than it was when he was born.
"Bend over that table." He said.
Without even thinking I did so, automatically spreading my feet and I soon felt Ethan's cock trying to enter my vagina.
"No, no, please don't, I'm a aaaarrrggghh." Then I screamed.
"What's wrong naked girl, you never been fucked before?"
"No, I'm a virgin."
"Not any more naked girl. Get used to it because you are going to get a lot more cock in there."
As Ethan started going in and out of me the pain decreased then disappeared and I started to enjoy it. Then I orgasmed closely followed by Ethan shooting his load inside me. The whole experience was something that I'd thought about so much. It lived up to all my expectations and some. The only thing that I had expected that didn't happen was that it would be with a really nice guy who I loved.
"You not on the pill then naked girl?"
"No."
"You get to see a doctor today and start taking them. And get some morning after pills to take until the others kick in."
I was still bent over the table as I felt Ethan's cock soften and he pulled out of me.
"That was good naked girl so were so tight. I like fucking virgins."
I stood up and turned to face him.
"Thank you err Master."
"You did good earlier and I'm pleased to see that you followed my instructions."
"How do you know Master?"
"You didn't see the webcam high on the wall opposite the cubicle then?"
"No, err Master."
Ethan put his hand down and cupped my bald pubes.
"Good, nice and smooth."
His middle finger slipped inside me and I gasped.
"Get used to it naked girl, I'll be doing that to you a lot. See you tonight, cafe 7 pm remember?"
"Yes Master."
Ethan got dressed and left leaving me standing there wondering what the hell had happened to me. I'd showered and shaved my pubes bald in front of maybe 8 or 9 young men and lost my virginity and it wasn't even 9 am.
I managed to snap myself out of the haze that was in my brain and made my plans for the day. I dug out the information pack and found the medical page. I worked out that I could go there straight away, before my first lecture, then go to the lecture then go and find a pharmacy at lunchtime. I figured that I had time to do that before my afternoon lecture.
I quickly put a dress and shoes on, grabbed what I needed for the lectures then hurriedly set off to the medical centre.
I was a little embarrassed as I told the receptionist that I wanted to get the contraceptive pill but she took it all in her stride. Telling me that I was lucky and that the doctor was free for another half hour.
One minute later I was in the doctor's room with him asking me all sorts of personal questions. Then I got another surprise, he told me that he had to take a few measurements then give me a physical examination. My jaw dropped as I realised that I'd have to get undressed and that yet another man would see me naked that day.
But at the same time as the embarrassment I was also feeling excited at the thought.
"Take you clothes off Daniella and go and stand by the scales, I'll be with you in a minute."
Taking my clothes off took seconds and I stood by the scales waiting for him. For some reason I kept my hands by my sides even though my face was red with embarrassment. As I stood there shifting my weight from foot to foot I realised that my pussy and the insides of my thighs were wet.
I was just thinking how I could get a tissue out of my bag to dry myself when the doctor looked up, smiled and came over to me. My face got hotter.
Height and weight recorded, the doctor told me to get onto his examination couch. He came and stood beside me then he started groping my tits and asking me if I knew how to check them for lumps.
I managed to say that I did and his hands slid down to my stomach when he started prodding me and asking me if it hurt. Then he started what I feared, he got out some metal leg rests, attached them to something at the bottom corners of the couch and told me to lift my legs onto them.
It was embarrassing enough for him to see my most intimate parts because they were were covered in not only my juices, but Ethan's as well. I was terrified that he would realise that and say something but he didn't. He poked and probed me then told me that he was going to check my insides.
I saw, then felt what looked like a metal pointed object go inside my vagina, then I gasped as I felt my vagina getting stretched. Then the doctor shone a torch inside me and had a good look. I wondered what I looked like.
I smiled to myself as I had the stupid thought of asking him to get my phone and take some pictures of my insides so that I could look at myself; but I didn't.
Thankfully, the internal examination didn't take long and the doctor told me that I could get off the couch and get dressed, which I did quickly, but the doctor did see that I didn't put any underwear on under my dress.
I sat in front of him as he worked on his keyboard then I heard his printer burst into life. Thirty seconds later I was walking out of the door, pleased that it was all over.
As I sat waiting for the lecturer to appear, I again thought about what was happening to me, and again, my pussy started to tell my brain that my life was changing for the better, but my brain wasn't convinced. I still hadn't come to any conclusion when the lecturer arrived.
At lunchtime I hurried to the pharmacy and got the contraceptive pills and a supply of morning after pills, the pharmacist telling me that I should seriously consider using condoms. I bought a sandwich as well and headed back to the university.
I survived the afternoon lecture then hurried back to my room to write-up my notes knowing that I would be meeting Ethan at 7 pm. My pussy got wet as I imagined all sorts of things that he might do to me but I managed to put them to one side and got on with my work.
Just after 6 pm I was done and I started to think about my 'date', if you could call it that. My pussy again got wet and all tingly as I looked through my clothes trying to decide what to wear.
Then I thought that I should shower before going out. My inner thighs still had dried juices on them and I thought that all the dashing about must be making me smell. I quickly stripped naked, grabbed my shower things and walked to the girl's bathroom.
It was only as the water was pounding down on me that I thought that maybe Ethan would have expected me to use the boy's bathroom. It was too late then so I quickly finished and walked back to my room. On the way I bumped into Jane, a girl in the room next but one to mine.
"Hey Dani, how's it going? Did you hear that a girl showered in the boy's bathroom this morning?"
"Err no, do you know who it was?"
"No, but she must be one hell of a slut."
"Maybe she didn't have any choice."
"You mean that she was forced to go there?"
"Maybe, poor girl, it must be horrible having to shower with lots of men watching."
"Oh I don't know, think about the potential to get fucked, maybe even gang-banged. I just might try it one day."
"I wouldn't like that." I replied, but wondered what it would be like and then changed my mind. I would like to try it."
Back in my room I finished getting ready, having decided on another very short A-line summer dress. I think that I was subconsciously dressing to give Ethan easy access to my pussy.
At 6:50 pm I was sat in the cafe drinking a coffee and eating a slice of apple pie. I'd deliberately selected a table well away from the counter and hopefully where I would be ignored. I started thinking back to what had happened to me the previous evening and my nipples and pussy started tingling.
At 7:15 Ethan arrived and came and sat opposite me.
"Glad to see that you didn't cross your legs naked girl."
"I wish that you'd stop calling me that, my name's Dani, or Daniella." I replied.
"What?"
"Oh, sorry I forgot, I wish that you'd stop calling me that, my name's Dani, or Daniella Master."
"That's better, spread those knees naked girl."
I did, and again felt his knees inside mine pushing mine further apart. I again felt the air on my open vulva and vagina.
"Why do you that to me Master?"
"What?"
"Force me my legs wide open Master."
"Because I can, and you enjoy it."
"No I don't, we're in public and anyone could see my, my pussy. ... Master."
"That is what you want isn't it naked girl?"
I was about to answer in the negative but I suddenly realised that I did like him doing that, and that I did like it.
"You got showered in the wrong bathroom this evening didn't you naked girl?"
"I, err yes Master. I thought. ... "
"You don't think girl, just do as I say. That infringement has earned you a punishment, one that I know you will like."
"I have never liked punishments Master."
"Until now. You will both like it and hate it."
"What is it Master?"
"A surprise. Stand up naked girl and give me your dress."
"But Master, it's all that I am wearing."
"That's a double punishment for questioning my command."
I stood up, looked around and was happy to see that no one was looking at us, and pushed the spaghetti straps off my shoulders. The dress dropped to the floor and I stepped out of it then picked it up.
"Sit."
I did, and Ethan's knees again forced mine wide apart.
"I like you nipples naked girl, so big and hard. They go well with your small, pointed tits. I think that I'll get them pierced."
I let out a little gasp as my eyes opened wide.
"Relax naked girl, not tonight, I've got plans for this evening. Did you go and see a doctor this morning?"
"Yes Master."
"Did you enjoy your little examination?"
I blushed then said.
"Yes Master." and wondered if he knew what the examination involved.
"And did you get the pill and some morning after pills?"
"Yes Master."
"And have you started taking the pill and taken a morning after pill?"
"Yes Master."
"Good girl."
"Please may I have my dress back Master? It's very embarrassing sitting here with nothing on."
"It may be embarrassing but you are enjoying it aren't you?"
"No Master."
"Two finger in your pussy now naked girl."
I did then pulled then out and held them up for Ethan to see.
"Now what was it you were saying about enjoying yourself. Suck them dry."
"Sorry Master, it's just that it's so embarrassing and someone might come in and come over here." I replied as I put my fingers inside my mouth.
I swear that my pussy juices are getting sweeter. Maybe it's because I'm a complete woman now that I've lost my virginity.
"And that terrifying thought is getting you more excited isn't it?"
I thought for a couple of seconds then knew that he was right.
"Yes Master."
"Well I'm going to spoil it for you. Stand up and put your dress on, I'm taking you to a pub."
I stood up and looked around again. One nerdy boy had looked up from his laptop and was staring at me. I quickly put the dress on.
Outside, Ethan told me to follow him and we walked to a very nice sports car.
"Stay there."
Ethan said as he went to the back of the car, opened it and got a towel out. He threw it to me then said,
"Put that on the seat then get in."
I did, getting embarrassed at having to put a towel on the seat to absorb my pussy juices.
"Get your tits out naked girl." Ethan said as we drove off down the street.
"Whose car is this Ethan err Master Ethan?" I said as I pulled the front of the dress down so that my tits were exposed.
"Mine, why?"
"It's nice Master."
Ethan drove us to a little village not far away and then to the pub that was in the middle of the village.
"Put your tits back in your dress." Ethan said as he parked the car.
As we walked in 3 different people said hello to him, one asking who the cute slut that he brought in was.
"Just a slut from university." Ethan replied.
Ethan bought me a drink, a vodka and lime. When I told him that I didn't drink alcohol he laughed and said,
"You do now naked girl."
Ethan then led me to a room at the back of the pub. Inside I saw a pool table with 3 men obviously playing. When they saw Ethan they came over to him and shook his hand. It was obvious that they were friends. After the big hellos one of them asked who I was. Ethan gave the same reply as before.
"Is she your ...?"
"Sub? Yes, she does everything that I tell her don't you naked girl?"
"Yes Master."
"I like her name, or is that what she usually is?"
"It's what I call her and no, she isn't naked all the time, do you want her naked here?"
"Hey mate, we've been friends since we were little kids, you know the answer to that one."
"Strip naked girl." Ethan said.
I glared at him then pushed the spaghetti straps off my shoulders. Then I stepped out of my dress and squat and picked it up. As I put my dress on a chair I looked around and was pleased to see that the room was probably an appendage to the pub with only the one door. Ethan, his friends and me were the only people there and I hoped that it would stay that way.
"Impressed bro, much better looking than the others that you've brought here."
In an embarrassed sort of way I felt proud. My nipples were throbbing along with my clit. I actually felt pleased with myself and I took a sip of my drink then coughed.
"A bit strong for you naked girl?"
"Yes Master."
"Get it down you, it will do you good."
I wasn't sure about that but I downed the drink in one, then coughed again and shook my head.
"Jeez, that was ... ... different, I've never drunk alcohol before Master."
"Well you're probably in for a fun evening girl," one of the men said.
I looked at him and wondered what he meant.
"Have you played pool before naked girl?" Ethan asked.
"No Master."
"Well let's play, me versus you but these guys can help you by telling you what to do and which ball to go for."
"Okay Master."
One of the men setup the balls and Ethan took the first shot then handed me the cue.
One of the men took my hand and led me to where he wanted me to shoot from. He then spent a couple of minutes telling me how to stand and how to hold the cue. The other 2 men stood behind me telling me what to do as well.
I never even thought about the view of my butt that they were getting, even when I saw Ethan giving them the thumbs-up sign.
It was after my third attempt to actually hit a ball that the vodka started to kick in and I started feeling dizzy. Before long I was struggling to stay on my feet and with all 4 guys laughing at me they lifted me up and put me on the pool table, flat on my back with my arms and legs spread wide.
I vaguely remember hearing comments about my body and feeling hands all over me. Then the next thing that I knew I was waking up on my bed in my room at the university. My alarm was ringing and I was confused. I had lots of questions, the first one I was able to answer, I was feeling okay apart from my pussy which felt sore.
I remembered being in the pub and being told to take my dress off then the 3 men trying to teach me how to play pool, then nothing.