"This is going to happen!" Val exclaimed to me as she greeted me at her dorm room door, throwing her arms around me and giving me a big kiss.
"What are you talking about?" I asked.
"You know what I am talking about. The thing with my mom."
Val was giddy, like a child on Christmas morning. It had been about a month since the talk in the cafeteria and much to my surprise, Val had not brought up the idea of her mom seeing me naked again. I, of course, did not bring it up either. But when she reminded me about it, I immediately got butterflies in my stomach.
Val explained that she spoke to her mom earlier and her mom was going to be alone at the house, next weekend. Her dad was taking her brother to a lacrosse tournament and was going to be leaving Friday night and not returning until late Sunday afternoon. And her sister, had a girl scout camping trip and was also going to be gone from Friday evening to Sunday afternoon. Val's mom was going to be alone at the house but Val suggested that her and I come out and keep her company. She said her mom loved the idea.
"Can you believe our luck?!" Val exclaimed. "Aren't you excited?!"
I tried to calm her down and bring her back to reality. I know she was having fun with this but she needed to be realistic. This whole idea was crazy and even if we were to do it, which we weren't I added, how would we even pull it off? "I can't just walk around your house naked," I told her.
Val, without skipping a beat countered with we ARE going to do this and she has been thinking about it for the last month and had it all worked out.
I swallowed hard when she said that. It turned me on to no end when she was demanding like that, essentially ordering me to do something. Also, if she has been planning this for a month, I knew it was going to happen.
I sat and listened to my evil genius girlfriend layout her plan. It was incredible, she thought of everything. She knew that for it to work it had to be done a certain way. She started off with the obvious problems and concerns. I couldn't just get naked and walk around her house. The ideal scenario would of course for her mom to see me naked "accidentally." To walk in on me in the shower or to walk in on me getting change. That of course relies too heavily on her mom taking an action that would be hard to anticipate. The odds of her walking in on me in the shower are slim to none and every time I had ever stayed over Val's house, her mom never once walked into the spare room where I was staying.
Val decided that "accidental" left too much to chance and we were going to have to take the initiative. Val's plan was perfect in that it covered all areas of concern. First, it made me kind of the "victim," so if her mom got mad at anyone, it would be at Val and not me. And second, it wasn't a sudden "here I am am, I am naked" scenario. It built up a little, which, if Val's mom really didn't like it, she would have time to shut down before it went too far.
Val explained step by step how it was going to work. She was convinced it was fool proof and her mom would allow it to play out.
I was less convinced and actually scared that I was considering going through with this. Val on the other hand was supremely confident and knew just how to...well...inspire me.
As I sat there thinking about what Val had told me, she began rubbing my cock through my sweatpants.
"Take these off," she told me. I quickly removed my sweatpants and boxer shorts and my cock sprang out. She smiled and said "see, he's excited also."
I told Val we really needed to discuss this and she agreed. She started stroking my cock and told me to take my shirt off also. Next she had me kick off my sneakers as well and before I knew it I was completely naked as Val continued to slowly stroke my cock.
"I think the discussion is going very well, don't you?" She said with a giggle. I had not said a word but my actions were speaking loud and clear.
"Does that feel good?" Val asked as I started to drift off into subspace... I tried fighting it, using some rational thought...but it felt too good. Val began to "discuss" her plan with me but I am not even sure what she was saying. All I know is I just kept agreeing to what she was telling me. At some point she stopped talking and increased the firmness of her grip. She kept stroking very slowly, just keeping me on the edge and backing off when I would get close.
Finally she asked me if I wanted to cum? I begged yes...yes...please! She kept me on the verge and asked me if I was going to be a good boy and do as I was told. I promised I would, anything, just let me cum. I told her I couldn't hold back anymore and she put her mouth on my cock and swallowed every last drop.
When we finished I just laid back on the bed, breathing heavy and trying to come back to reality. Val crawled up my body and laid on top of me. She looked at me with those blue eyes, smiled and said "I am glad we had this discussion, next weekend is going to be great!"
"Yeah," I thought to myself, "what the hell did I just agree to?"