This is the same story asThe Boss' Wife, but as seen through the eyes of Alexa.
***
The annual company party my husband and I hosted was such a bore. I've never been into parties, but it's so much worse when you don't even know most of the guests. I see these people once a year, and I'm expected to figure out how to make small talk with all of them?
What was especially annoying about this year's party is that one of the interns took the bus here, and now that it was late, he had no way to get home. Who goes to a party without planning for return transportation? The kid seemed nice enough, though I did feel like he was always staring at my chest.
It's not a big deal, though. We have a guest room he can stay in. As long as he doesn't get in the way of our baby-making, I had no problem with it. According to the predictor kit my doctor prescribed, tonight was the ideal time for my husband and I to try and conceive.
We had been trying for three years, without any success. According to the doctors, my husband's sperm were not the best swimmers. The situation stressed me out to no end. I wasn't getting any younger, while every other housewife in my friends circle was either pregnant or already had kids.
Finally, the last of the guests had departed, so I headed upstairs to prepare for bed. I wanted nothing more than to slide under the covers, but it sounded like my husband was on the phone downstairs, so I thought I better check to make sure our guest was okay.
I knocked on his door frame as I entered to ask if he needed anything. He said he was having some problems with the A/C unit, which was no surprise. That darned thing was a nightmare.
I climbed a chair to adjust the setting. The kid was really sweet; he came over to steady the chair so that I wouldn't fall. As I stretched to reach the dial, my robe tie got caught on a picture frame. It came loose, causing my robe to swing open right in front of the kid's face!
I was horrified! I jumped off the chair as I pulled it closed. I was wearing only a pair of white panties under my robe, in anticipation of having baby-making relations with my husband tonight. I couldn't believe I had exposed my bare breasts to our guest!
Just then, my husband walked into the room as his call ended. He sensed the awkwardness in the room and asked me if everything was okay.
I told him what had just ensued; he came over to console me. He told the kid that I would have a hard time living this down, which was true, and that in order to help me, he should have to expose himself to me.
I was horrified for the second time. I had no interest in seeing this kid's wiener. I just wanted to climb under the covers of my bed and cry!
My husband insisted, however. The kid was clearly sorry, and was willing to do whatever it took to make us feel better, which was nice of him. He pulled down his shorts, exposing his manhood to us.
I gasped. He had the biggest and most beautiful cock I had ever seen. It swayed gently between his legs, alternatively exposing in turn each of the testicles that flanked it.
I have never been a fan of penises. I had always found them ugly and gross. I tried giving oral sex once, but found it so off-putting that I generally avoided it.
But this penis had sparked something inside me that I had never felt before. I yearned to touch it, to have it touch me, to feel it all over my body, both outside and in. I felt some moisture begin to accumulate between my legs.
"Great," my husband said, turning to me. "Now it's all good, right?"
I recovered just in time.
"Oh yes, of course," I replied, trying to sound indifferent. My mouth was dry. I tried to clear my throat but it wasn't happening.
"Great," my husband replied. "Then it's settled!"
He then went on to explain why he had come into the room in the first place. Joe had called, and about 10 minutes into his drive away from the party, his car battery had died. My husband now had to drive out there to give him a boost.
After my husband had left, our guest bent over to pull up his shorts. Something came over me, though, causing me to take a couple of steps forward.
"Um, before you do that, could I ask you something?" I inquired.
"Sure," he said. "What is it?"
"Well, you've more than evened things out, so I probably have no right to ask, and it's a little embarrassing but...would you be willing to show me what your penis looks like...fully erect?"
It was a very forward question, especially for someone as conservative as I. But up until that point in my life, my fantasies involved only imaginary people.
After sex, my husband would invariably roll over and fall asleep, leaving me to get across the finish line by myself. I would flick my clit to the idea of an imaginary man taking me to my peak.
But I had a feeling that if I saw this beautiful cock in its erect form, my fantasies would never again involve anyone imaginary.
He looked me in the eye. I saw that his eyes were kind, and gentle.
"I don't mind," he replied. "As long as you help me achieve that full erection."
I wasn't sure what he meant by that. But from the way I had caught him looking at my boobs earlier in the night, I suspected that I couldn't go wrong if I started there.
I undid my robe for the second time (this time, on purpose), took his hand and put it on one of my breasts.
His hands were strong but soft. My nipple immediately hardened to his touch.
I looked back down between his legs, just in time to see his beautiful cock start to stiffen and rise. It wasn't long before it pointed right at my panties! I was now pretty wet at exactly the spot at which his rod was pointing. I wondered if he could tell.
He took one of my hands and placed it on his throbbing member. I wasn't sure what to do. I didn't have a lot of experience handling penises, and none at all with such a big one.
I first felt its texture with my fingers. It felt warm. His skin was tender and yet also springy.
I tried to wrap my fingers around it, but I couldn't get them all the way around. I began to stroke him as I became more comfortable handling his boner.
It wasn't long before it pointed straight up. I watched his aperture open and emit a huge drop of precum.
I suddenly realized that my husband would soon be home. I let go off his pulsating member as I wanted to take one final unobstructed look at the godly figure in front of me.
His fully erect unit rose well above his navel. It's thick base narrowed towards the middle of its shaft, only to thicken out again towards the tip where it culminated in a massive, bulbous head.
If there was a God, and he had a dick, there was no question in my mind that this is what it would look like.
I tried to leave, but he told me he wasn't fully erect yet. He explained that it would still grow a little more, but only if it were to come in contact with lips, saliva and tongue.
It sounded like bullshit, but I was happy for the excuse. I never wanted anything in my life more than to kiss, lick and play with that cock.
I stepped out of my robe, dropped to my knees, and licked the drop of precum that was dangling from his staff. The salty appetizer made me yearn to feast on whatever substances he would offer me.
I worked his giant rod back and forth with my mouth, causing him to groan. I should have been feeling guilty for betraying my husband, but I wasn't.
I knew for a fact that my husband had already previously cheated on me. As such, I could have easily justified cheating on him prior to this point; I just hadn't had any urges to. The urge was now hitting me like a freight train.
As my mouth delivered stroke after stroke, my nose was pressed up against the top side of his cock. The manly musk that wafted up my nostrils was intoxicating. This penis smelled as good as it looked.
By now my pussy was burning, as it yearned to be filled. I didn't want to stop sucking, but my jaw muscles were beginning to hurt, and my love tunnel was screaming for attention.
"I'm sorry," I gasped, out of breath. "I can't do this any longer."
He stood there, stunned.
"I'm sorry...it's just that...I need you in my pussy RIGHT NOW!"
I stepped up and out of my panties, and jumped onto the bed on all fours. I slowly wiggled my ass at him, inviting him to join me in my garden.
I felt him grab my hips and feel his way between my pussy lips. My untested twat had never been so stretched. I yelped as he forced his way in.
"Sorry," he apologized. "Do you want me to stop?"
"Fuck no!" I yelled. "Push it HARDER!!"
He began to thrust, gently at first, but eventually with a lot of force, as I begged him to bang me ever harder.
The pain I felt from being fucked by such a huge cock was surpassed only by the pleasure of feeling his organ penetrate areas that had never before been infiltrated. His massive member was hitting buttons inside me that I never knew I had. I began to cum, yelling obscenities my conscious mind didn't even know.
To my great surprise, for the first time in my life the cumming never stopped, as I experienced orgasm after orgasm around his heavy tool.
At that moment, I decided that I no longer wanted to have my husband's baby. His cheating cock could find its own vessel, for I wanted to ferry the offspring of only one man: he who excited me, who made me want him, and who made me scream in delight. My husband would never know that he was raising someone else's baby.
I implored our guest to empty his balls inside me. I felt him tense up as he slammed his groin against my ass with such force that I thought I was going to feint.
His gun was at its deepest point when he fired round after round of his special batter. I felt his seed spill into areas of me that were as yet unsullied.
I squeezed my pussy muscles together as hard as I could. I wanted to milk every last drop from that cock, and bestow a chance to every last sperm to permeate my womb.
We both collapsed in a heap. Just then, we heard the garage door begin to open; my husband was back!
I panicked! I jumped up, picked up my robe and panties, and scampered towards the door. But on my way out, I realized I wasn't ready to be done with that incredible cock!
I turned around and ran back to him. I gave him a long, passionate kiss, and then whispered in his ear that he should peek into the master bedroom later on.
I heard my husband enter the house, so I sprinted back to my bedroom as he began to climb the stairs. I tossed my panties and robe aside, pulled off the bed covers, and climbed into bed.
My husband opened the bedroom door to find me spread-eagle on the bed, fingering myself.
"I've been waiting for you," I purred. "My poor little kitty is just all wet now."
"Awww, come to papa, little kitty," he smirked as he walked towards the bed while undressing.
"Little kitty wants to pet your tongue...can little kitty pet your tongue?" I asked in my sweetest voice.
"Hell yes," my husband replied, jumping onto the bed.
"Great," I said, as I slid off the bed. "I just want to make sure you locked the door first; we do have a guest, you know!"
I walked over to the door to ostensibly check that it was locked, but my real intention was to unlock it, which I did.
I slithered back to the bed, jumped on my husband, and slid up his body to line up my worn pussy with his hungry mouth. He wasted no time in slurping down my juices.
"Mmmmm," I moaned, as his tongue slithered in and around my slit. I felt our guest's seed pouring out of me, but my husband appeared none the wiser.
"Oh yeah," I moaned. "That's it! Lick me! Suck my juices!"
"You taste amazing tonight, honey," I heard him say, in a muffled tone. I turned my head to see if our guest was watching and if he had caught that comment. He was indeed there, so I wiggled my ass for him and gave him a wink and a smile.
I turned my body around so I could face our guest. My husband began to lick my clit as I put on a show for my new friend and his hardening cock.
I slowly shook my chest from side to side so that my boobs would bounce for him. I pinched my nipples, hard. Then I pressed my tits together and licked my cleavage. I lifted up one of my boobs as high as it would go and began to suck and lick my nipple.
Finally, I slipped two of my fingers into my box, scooped up as much goop as I could, brought them to my mouth, and licked them clean to simulate oral sex. I was giving our guest a preview of what was to come.
My guest's dick was now fully hard again, and the thought of getting to play with it again was bringing me close to another orgasm.
"Make me cum!" I ordered my husband, as I pressed my asshole against his nose.
"I can't breathe," came the muffled reply. His cheating ass doesn't deserve to breathe. I sat down even lower, forcing my husband's nose deep into my anus. Breathe that, asshole.
He began to tongue me with reckless abandon. I erupted. I heard myself scream as if I was outside my own body. I felt my vagina clench hard, causing a huge wad of man juice to pour out of me and into my husband's open mouth. I think I peed a little too, but I can't be sure.
I fell off of him. My husband proceeded to mount me.
I grunted and moaned like he was arousing me, so that he would come faster. He emptied himself, rolled over, and promptly fell asleep.
I looked over at the door and was excited to see my guest was still there. I waved him in and sat on the edge of the bed to welcome him and his upstanding appendage.
I welcomed him into my mouth for the second time tonight, and apologized for not finishing things properly last time. This time there was no rush, so I could take my time.
I kissed his penis from base to tip, and then tongued it up and down, covering it in layers of my lubricating saliva. His big, slick dick shone by the light of my bedroom lamp.
I smiled at him as I took the head of his cock into my mouth. I took long, slow strokes, trying to take in as much of him as I could. I was looking forward to getting more practice at this in the future.
I massaged his balls with one hand while I fingered his asshole with the other. He began to quiver. I quickened my pace.
He grabbed my head and began to fuck my face. I wanted to be his toy, to please him however he wanted me to.
He roared as he fired rope after rope of his delicious cream down my throat.
I continued to kiss and lick his cock as it lowered itself to standard position. I then kissed each of his balls and thanked them for providing me so much pleasure. My life had begun.
THE END