Author's Note: This is my first submission to Literotica, after enjoying others' stories here for years. It is also my entry into Literotica's Nude Day Contest. I would appreciate your constructive feedback, your votes and positive ratings if warranted, and any useful tips or advice. Thanks in advance, and I hope you enjoy it!
***********************
While at a nude beach in Germany with some friends, my girlfriend Amber and I received a dare--to walk fully nude across the regular (non-nude) beach area to the far end, buy ice cream from a kiosk and return.
Amber and I had been to a nude beach several times, as had our friends, but never all together. It was just hours earlier we and our four friends had all stripped completely in front of each other for the first time--males and females in all our glory. We had adapted surprisingly quickly to the situation, overcoming our nervousness at baring ourselves in front of people we knew. We realized it was not embarrassing or awkward when most others in the area were also nude. "When in Rome," and all.
The Dare came about somehow in the course of friendly bantering. Our friends awaited our response.
"You don't think we will?" I challenged, a wry smile playing on my lips. I looked over and saw a mischievous twinkle in Amber's eyes--she bit the corner of her lip and merely nodded with encouragement. We were both aware that it was one thing to be nude on a nude beach, another to be nude where we weren't supposed to be and others weren't.
Our friend Tom scanned down the beach towards the non-nude section, his hand shading his eyes. "Nah, I don't think you've got the guts to go through with it. There's hundreds of people between here and there who will see you."
Tom's girlfriend Kristie chuckled, and said to me, "Hundreds, of which precisely zero want to see your junk flapping around in the breeze!" Smiling, she added, "No offense to you, Amber."
Amber stood and struck a pin-up-type pose. "They won't even be looking at him in light of my captivating beauty," she joked with an exaggerated fluttering of her eyelids.
"Can't argue with that," I said, a rather stupid grin on my face.
My other buddy paced around Amber with mock seriousness as he pretended to examine and assess her body. With a faux English accent, he said, "Yes, I think perhaps she has a good point, yes." Nodding, he proffered his conclusion. "Yes, yes, indubitably. A fine specimen of human female beauty."
Amber rolled her eyes and playfully slapped his arm with the back of her hand. "Gee, thanks, Jack. Such a heartfelt compliment just might go to a girl's head."
The object of our attention, Amber, was a beautiful and friendly 23-year-old woman with thick raven hair and startlingly blue eyes. Her long dark hair was pulled back in a ponytail, which accentuated her strong cheekbones and cute dimple on her left cheek. The sun highlighted her firm abs and compact breasts, long well-toned legs, and well, her entire athletic--and very feminine--figure.
Jack snapped his attention back up to our eyes and grinned. "So now, you guys gonna just talk the talk, or are you gonna walk the walk?"
Not one to shy away from a proper dare, I stood up next to Amber. We locked eyes a moment and simultaneously grinned. The two of us faced our friends, fully nude, and slipped on our sandals.
"Ok, let's do this!" I said. "We'll bring something back for you, if you behave," I added with a wink at our friends. I turned to Amber. "Ready?"
Amber nodded firmly and struck a power pose, hands on her hips, chin exaggeratedly high, chest forward. She pointed forward with a straight arm towards our destination. "Onward and westward!"
My gaze darted between her pointed finger, her tantalizing nude body, and the direction she was pointing.
"Except you're heading south," Tom countered, laughing. "But that's the spirit!"
So, joining hands, Amber and I set out on our quest. We walked near the water's edge, along the more compact sand. The sun felt warm on our faces and the salty smell of the sea wafted on a light breeze. I took a deep satisfying breath and smiled over at Amber. I paused to appreciate her soft rounded breasts--her pink areolae just dark enough to visibly contrast with her sun-kissed skin, and her nipples slightly erect in the ocean breeze. I had to divert my thoughts to avoid getting aroused.
I loved her figure, her shape, her confidence--I was proud to be seen with her. And I felt proud to have others see her sexy nude body. I wondered if others also found her attractive, maybe even arousing. That thought stirred some dormant emotion in me, and I realized I liked the idea of Amber turning on others on the beach as she strode by.
We continued walking along the shore. To one side was the sea, waves crashing beneath a deep blue sky spotted with a few puffy white clouds. To the other side were groups of nude bodies scattered about the light fine sand--lying and sunning, reading, walking, a couple of guys tossing a Frisbee, a family having a picnic.
People of every body type and age were out enjoying the day--all but a very few were fully nude. Fit, dumpy, well endowed, and not so well endowed. Middle-aged men with fat stomachs and skinny legs. Mothers with small children, one with a baby at her exposed breast. Young, old, tall, short. Nubile teens with flat bellies and perky boobs, a male bodybuilder with a disproportionately small dick. Trimmed pussies, bare pussies, natural bushes, pierced nipples, tattoos, big tits, small tits, large areolae, tiny nipples. A visual smorgasbord of bare flesh.
I pondered the saying, "beauty is in the eye of the beholder," as we passed a group of young women playing cards, their firm full breasts glistening with suntan oil and sweat, nipples proudly looking forward. Several were casually sitting cross-legged, with attractively exposed genitalia. Maybe it was just me, but what my eyes beheld was beauty.
It felt so natural and free, just walking along, taking in all the sights. Feeling the warm breeze on our bare skin, no clothes binding or restricting. I was surprised in light of the nudity how generally non-sexual the setting was--just like other beaches, but with much more skin. Yes, of course we both looked--we were young, curious, and usually horny. But once we got used to the near-universal nudity, the situation mostly seemed normal.
Until we reached the boundary of the nude area. We stopped by a sign that delineated the nude/clothing-optional ("FKK") section from the normal beach. We looked at each other. Amber said, "Well, last chance to chicken out. We doing this?" She waited, a tiny smile playing at the corner of her full, kissable lips.
I looked at her, at the very clear boundary sign, then squinted down the rest of the beach where the ice cream kiosk was. "Looks like we're a little over halfway there. Once we go, we need to keep going. And, what if they won't sell us anything at the kiosk or someone calls the police or something?"
Amber simply shrugged. "Well, we'll just have to see what happens. For now--in for a penny..."
She stepped over the boundary and out of the nude section, looked back over her shoulder with a 'coming?' glance, and smiled. I admired her sculpted bare ass for a delightful moment--in my opinion, the nicest ass on the beach--then joined her. We walked briskly onward along the regular beach, externally exuding confidence but internally pretty nervous.
I should add some situational clarification here, especially for most Americans. Our behavior wasn't quite as outrageous as it sounds, because many females on the regular beach were also topless. Being topless on a German beach, at least at the time, simply didn't constitute "nudity," for males or females. Thus Amber's nudity wasn't as blatantly obvious unless one looked directly. The all-too-major difference for both of us, of course, was being bottomless as well. Hence the "daring" part of our Dare.
So, we continued to walk along, our genitals exposed to the warm air, sun, and other people--we were the only ones fully nude on that part of the beach other than toddlers or babies. My balls slapped gently on my thighs as I walked, my dick swayed back and forth in rhythm with my steps as if nodding and greeting other beachgoers. Amber's toned abs and legs rippled with unseen strength. Her pussy was topped by a small patch of neatly trimmed pubic hair that seemed to float just above her vulva, pointing down like an arrow at her exposed labia.
I was acutely aware of our nudity in that section of the beach, our total exposure, and the potential risk of getting in trouble--we didn't know how seriously the rules-conscious Germans might take our infraction. Yet, that awareness only seemed to heighten the excitement and "naughtiness" of what we were doing.
I noticed several men nodding with appreciation at Amber as we passed, and others grinning and nudging their friends. I again felt a mix of pleasure and pride that my sexy nude girlfriend was the one prompting their reactions.
A couple of people called out as we crossed the regular beach area, telling us that we were not in the "FKK" section, but most on the beach either didn't see us or ignored us. We tried not to make eye contact with others on the beach as we passed by.
We arrived at the kiosk in the non-nude section without incident and joined the queue to buy ice cream. Fully nude, in broad daylight--with several other people wearing at least swimsuits standing closely together with us. I thought that it would get weird at that point, but the others in line didn't seem fazed by two nude people in their midst.
We instinctively were careful not to crowd the people in front of us to avoid awkwardness as much as possible (we had no control over the distance behind us). But, perhaps because we were fit, young, and non-threatening, or for some other reason, we got no objections from the others in the kiosk's queue. As it turned out, Amber's gorgeous body caused the opposite response.
Standing behind us in line was a single man from England. With a huge grin, he greeted us and introduced himself as Simon. His gaze never left Amber's bare breasts and semi-hard nipples for more than a second--he never did look me in the eye. He was older than we were, probably in his early 30s, but not so old as to be creepy. He was personable and kept himself fit.
Simon was instantly enamored with Amber. I think his brain was overwhelmed from trying to reconcile our public location with our--well Amber's--lack of clothes. He peppered her with questions: where we were from, what we were doing there, why she was naked. His eyes roved openly up and down her body, hungrily taking in the nubile beauty before him. My guess is he felt like a man that just won the lottery--the "dream come true" fantasy jackpot.
For her part, Amber casually stood and talked to Simon as if nothing were out of the ordinary. She did not take offense at being ogled, but also did not offer any hint of flirtation. Just carried on a cordial conversation during which she happened to be nude and everyone else (except me) wasn't. I never did find out how she was feeling at that time--if she was nervous or turned on, or comfortable with the situation.
I was fascinated watching the two of them, and their unusual dynamics. When Amber moved or gestured, her breasts would sway slightly and her nipples responded to the breeze in varying degrees. To the extent Simon managed to make eye contact with her at all as they chatted, his eyes would dart down to her nipples with each movement as if he were afraid he might miss something. The fact I was standing right beside Amber the whole time did not seem to diminish Simon's obvious interest in her or his open appreciation of her nude body.
Our ice cream purchase itself was vaguely anticlimactic--the vendor took our money and handed us our cones without comment or batting an eye at our lack of clothes. Not even a smirk or snide remark, or an innuendo-laced wish that we have a good day. Equally surprisingly, none of the customers near us other than Simon said anything or reacted in any discernible way. I guess I had expected some sort of reaction--maybe even hoped for some tangible reaction--in light of what we thought was quite bold and risky behavior.
Ice cream in hand, Amber and I started back towards our friends. Simon came with us, chatting and continuing to devour Amber with his eyes as we walked. Simon and I both occasionally paused, as if in sync somehow, and watched Amber as she ran her tongue across her ice cream, licking, circling it, pressing her lips together as she swallowed. I'm pretty sure she was just eating her ice cream, but she unwittingly made the process sensual as hell. At one point Simon and I were both captivated by a drop of ice cream that fell and landed on her breast, just above her nipple. I was about to offer assistance when Amber glanced down and chuckled, "Oops." She wiped the drop off with her finger and licked it off. Then she simply smiled at us, ostensibly unaware of the effect she had on us. I shook my head and gave renewed attention to finishing my cone.
We paused at the boundary to the FKK section, assuming Simon would head back to wherever he came from on the regular beach. But he simply paused as well, giving no indication we were ending our little social interaction. Amber and I exchanged a mental shrug and the three of us continued back to where we were sitting in the nude section. We didn't expressly invite Simon, but he took our polite ongoing conversation as permission to join us. He seemed nice and friendly enough, so we didn't see any harm.
We rejoined our friends where we had left them. They were on the far side of the main beach, away from the water, backed by a large hill. The location was partially screened--but not hidden--by a few bushes.
I said to the group, "Well, I told you if you behaved, I'd bring you back something. So, everyone, this is Simon!" Our friends all chuckled; Simon looked confused. To Simon, I said, "Don't worry, just a dumb Inside joke."
Simon shrugged and nodded. "No problem." To the group, he said, "I assume I'm not what you expected as your "good behavior" reward." Prompting laughter, he added, "I just hope you weren't expecting ice cream!"
We introduced Simon individually to our four nude friends. Thankfully Simon did not ogle the women as he had been doing to Amber, but instead politely said hello. He then hung back as the rest of us shared the details and celebrated the successful completion of our dare.
We chatted for a few more minutes with our friends, who then said that they needed to leave. Amber and I chose to stay longer and spread out our towels while our friends put on their clothes and headed out.
Amber and I sat down on our towels, still fully nude, facing the water. Simon spread out his towel near ours and sat down, facing us, still in his swimsuit. We all chatted for a while, making small talk, but Amber's and my interest in doing so soon waned. Following the successful completion of our public dare, we just wanted to lounge and doze in the warm sun.
After dropping several unsuccessful hints, Amber shut down the conversation by stretching and lying back with a yawn. She sighed and closed her eyes, shuffling her shoulders to shift the sand under her towel into a comfortable position. I stretched out next to Amber, picked up a book, and tried to read. The warm sun felt wonderful on our bare skin, with just a hint of a breeze playing over us to prevent getting too warm.
Rather than lie down, or do something, or leave, Simon just sat there and admired Amber. Her feet were towards him, the sun glinting off and highlighting the exposed side of her nude body. Simon was lined up so his view was straight up Amber's legs toward her uncovered pussy. Her breasts were visible just beyond--from that angle he would have seen her darker pink nipples cresting her swollen mounds like little hats.
Simon sat and looked, not talking or even pretending to do anything otherwise--he was starting to lean towards the "creepy" side of things. I tried to ignore him, assuming he would take the hint and do something else.
After a few minutes, I glanced up again and considered Simon sitting there, ogling Amber--as if he were trying to memorize every detail of her exquisite body. I felt an initial flush of irritation at his breach of nude beach etiquette, but my irritation somehow morphed into mischievousness as a different idea crept into my mind.
I'm not sure what triggered my change of mood, but my earlier feelings regarding others seeing Amber returned. I felt the strong urge to push the envelope, taunt him a bit. Tease him with what he could not have. Or perhaps give him a treat, and satisfy my newly discovered pleasure in showing off Amber at the same time. Pretty clearly I was still in the "risky in public" mindset from our earlier dare.
I took a bottle of suntan oil, and without speaking slowly drizzled a stream of oil along Amber's belly up to her neck, with a slight swirl across her boobs on the way. Amber gave a slight start when the first drops hit her skin, but she remained still with eyes closed and a look of contentment on her face. The comforting smell of coconut oil wafted up as I ran my hands through the oil, spreading it over her flat stomach, feeling her smooth slippery skin, and her toned muscles just underneath. I slid my hands up to and over her shapely breasts, where I took longer than necessary to knead, caress and work the oil over her swells. I smiled as I felt her nipples harden against my palms.
As I caressed Amber's flawless skin with oil, out of the corner of my eye I checked to see our personal voyeur's reaction. I took pleasure in watching Simon squirm to adjust the hardening bulge in his trunks without being obvious--and took pleasure knowing he was reacting to my girlfriend's sexy body.
Refocusing on Amber, I drizzled oil up one of her legs from her ankle to upper thigh and rubbed the oil up her shins and onto her thighs. As I rubbed high on her inner thigh, occasionally my fingers lightly brushed the lower edge of her labia, causing her to twitch and catch her breath. I pulled her thigh muscle up to the side a little with my caresses then let it drop back, which would offer Simon a flash of her pussy. I moved to her other leg and again worked from the feet up, but this time pulled her legs a little further open, intentionally revealing more of her moistening sex to Simon.
Knowing that a stranger was watching--and getting aroused at seeing my girlfriend's nude body--turned me on almost as much as physical stimulation. It made me want to show her, expose her, and delight in that exposure. I wanted others to appreciate and get off seeing her in such an intimate personal way. Relish seeing her as normally only I could. I knew Simon would be seeing her pink inner pussy lips and hooded clit each time I "inadvertently" pulled her outer labia open with my caresses. The thought that he was seeing her exposed sex triggered a stirring of pleasure deep in my groin.
My cock, free and exposed in the sunlight and open-air, seemed to move around independently as it started partially swelling, then softening, and generally drifted randomly in a semi-aroused state. For some reason, I felt that I shouldn't--and tried not to--get an erection there in public, despite my sensual actions. I suppose on some level I was still guided by some conventional societal norms. I paused at one point and ran baseball statistics through my head, pictured unattractive things. It was difficult but I mostly succeeded in remaining only semi aroused--well at least not fully hard--for the moment.
Simon was not so concerned. He stared at my hands caressing Amber's nude body, mesmerized, and was by then fully tenting his trunks. He no longer attempted to hide his aroused condition.
Up to that point, everything could be passed off as just sensually applying suntan oil. But my pent-up excitement and arousal from publicly displaying Amber caused me to need more--I needed to be touched.
I glanced around the area to see how visible we were to others on the beach. Because we were so far back from the water, coupled with being partially obscured by bushes from certain angles, there were limited points on the beach where we would be visible to the casual observer. And no one seemed to be in those locations at that moment.
So, I moved up closer to Amber's side, took her hand, and placed it on my hardening cock. Amber paused a split-second, then instinctively gripped and started slowly stroking it, never opening her eyes or saying a word. Maybe she thought we were alone. Maybe she didn't care. Or maybe she was turned on--as I was--by being sexual in public with someone seeing us. I never did ask her.
Seeing this, Simon's eyes widened, and he looked up at me. As my cock swelled to fullness in Amber's hand I smiled and gave Simon a slight encouraging nod toward his lap. He slowly reached into his swimsuit, unsure, and hesitatingly took out his rigid cock, as if waiting for me to say something or stop him at any moment.
I didn't stop him, and he became emboldened by my apparent approval. He pushed up onto his knees and slid his trunks down. He gripped his hard cock, and started openly wanking. His eyes were riveted on Amber's toned and oiled nude body glimmering in the sunlight, pearls of moisture visibly clinging to her trimmed pussy hair and lips. I could only imagine that her stroking my cock exponentially enhanced the eroticism of the scene.
Amber caressed and rubbed my hardness, still lying on her back, eyes closed. Simon became more confident and shuffled closer on his knees, almost to her feet, his throbbing cock jutting out like a flagpole on a building. He leaned in for a closer look at her slightly open pussy, glistening with oil mixed with a trace of her feminine juices. I reached down and traced my finger between her labia lips, sliding easily with her lubrication and gently spread open her pussy. Amber shuddered. Simon first froze, then pumped his rod faster.
Out of the corner of my eye, I caught movement nearby. Turning, I saw a German man, nude, standing about ten feet away. He was hovering close enough to see everything, both watching us and looking about cautiously. I felt a stab of panic, thinking we were caught and in trouble. But I soon calmed as I realized he was there to enjoy himself, not report us. He was watching with great interest and his growing arousal was obvious.
My "fight or flight" adrenaline rush turned to a rush of arousal. Someone else--someone additional--was watching, getting turned on seeing my sexy nude girlfriend, her body, her pussy, her tits, seeing her stroking me. I loved it. I don't know why: pride that she was "mine," the pure sexuality of the situation, the public risk--whatever it was, my cock throbbed with the knowledge she was turning on yet another stranger, in public, in broad daylight.
I caught the German's eye and nodded slightly, my eyes and chin gesturing toward Amber's nude body. He cautiously moved in closer, assessing the situation. His eyes darted to the nude goddess lying before him, to Simon pumping his dick at her feet, and then back to me to make sure his approach was ok. Concluding he was welcome based on our reactions, he knelt on the opposite side of Amber from me, about five feet back, and started stroking his erect dick. His eyes locked on Amber's tits, seeing them moving like rippling waves as her hand pumped my cock just beyond.
Breathing deeply, I imagined the tableau we presented: I was getting a hand job in front of two strangers, who were in turn openly stroking their cocks over my girlfriend. All in public. Visible to any who may happen to pass by. Exposed to any who might enjoy. Risky. Sexy. Mind-boggling.
Arousal took control of my actions, my mind void of any further worry about being seen, caught, or other risks. I reached forward and ran my hand down Amber's belly and spread her pussy lips open as I caressed her clit and vulva, giving Simon a birds-eye view of her exposed sex. Still on his knees, he leaned forward with one hand on the sand near her knee. His head was only a couple of feet from her inviting treasure box, his eyes glued on that vision as if she would disappear if he blinked. His pulsing cock hovered over her shins, bouncing with each uneven stroke. It occurred to me that a well-aimed long shot of cum would easily hit her thighs, potentially even reach her pussy.
The German (I never did know his name) was evidently feeling encouraged by Simon's encroachment. He shuffled forward close to Amber, his knees nearly touching her side. His cock strained forward over her arm as if it were trying to peek at her tits. Still stroking his manhood, he tentatively reached his other hand in the air above Amber and slowly waved his arm side to side, like a reed in the wind, as if imagining he was caressing her. He noticed I was watching and nervously gave me an inquisitive look--seemingly asking for permission.
I leaned down and whispered to Amber, speaking for the first time since shutting down our earlier chat with Simon. "You know you have an audience here, right?" Eyes still closed, she smiled a tiny bit and nodded, squeezing my cock harder and stroking more deliberately. I asked further, "They want to touch you, do you want to let that happen?" She paused a millisecond, biting her lower lip. Then without a word she gave a big Cheshire cat grin and moved her hand down to her pussy, replacing my hand.
Amber was as turned on as the rest of us. Without missing a stroke of my cock she gave a soft hum as she opened her legs and began circling her clit with her fingers, unabashedly pleasuring herself. She slid her fingers down and pulled open her pussy, dipped deep into her vagina to capture her wetness, then smeared it over and around her labia lips and clit. She was wantonly displaying her most intimate treasures out in the open, for me and strangers. I couldn't believe what was happening, but I was loving it.
I ran my hand up from her pussy across her belly, to one breast then the other, circling her nipples, her areolae contracting under my touch. Looking over at the German, I impulsively took things to the next level--my desire to glean pleasure from knowing she was turning on others controlling my actions. I made a small circle in the air over her tits, turning my palm up and tipping my fingers down towards her nipple in a "be my guest" gesture. He nodded with a smile and reached out, ran his fingers up Amber's arm, then across her chest and down to her boobs, cupping them, running his fingers around her nipples, one then the other in turn.
I looked over to see that Simon had taken the initiative and had moved up even closer to Amber, taking advantage of her further opening her legs. He had let go of his cock and was caressing her inner thighs, up, just brushing the lower edge of her pussy lips, and down the other side. He drank in the view of her sex as she masturbated, examined her like a child discovering a new toy.
Amber was rubbing herself with some fervor at this point. She contracted and released her pelvis, which pressed her pussy up and apart, glistening, wet, and open. Simon didn't even glance my way as he moved his hand right up to her pussy, tracing his fingers along her slit, below Amber's fingers, around her moist lips.
"Outside only," I warned with a stern look, startling him by breaking the silence. He nodded and continued stroking around and outside Amber's vulva, occasionally testing my restriction by sliding a partial fingertip just slightly between her lips. He began pumping his rock-hard cock again, his eyes never leaving Amber's juicy womanhood and her personal ministrations just centimeters from his fingers.
Pulling my cock from Amber's grip to slow my build-up, I sat back with amazement. I slowly stroked myself and watched Amber and two highly aroused nude strangers pleasure themselves, openly, publicly, and without shame or worry. Two yearning cocks pointed at my lithe girlfriend, her sexual juices oozing out of her pussy and down her legs. My cock twitched in empathy as Amber's body shivered with what looked like a small orgasm.
Both men's cocks were shiny with oil and pre-cum. Their hands slid up and down their rods, balls swaying, muscles taut and flexing. Amber continued rubbing herself, sliding her fingers into her vagina, pulling open her lips, circling her clit, then reaching down and tickling her perineum between her vagina and anus.
The German leaned over more, and before I could say anything he started rubbing the tip of his cock over Amber's closest nipple, causing it to harden more and the areola to contract. I stared, uncertain if this was ok, with her or with me. But the vision was so erotic, so sexy--to see Amber writhing under the caresses of a nude stranger's dick--I simply watched, my cock pulsing to some subconscious primal rhythm.
Pre-cum oozed out of the German's dick, coating its head. As he traced his rigid cock over Amber's erect nipples, strings of pre-cum would cling, stretch out, then break as he pulled away.
My lust overwhelmed and guided my thoughts, and I figured if the German rubbing his cock on her was ok with Amber, I was good with it as well. More than good, I realized--I savored the idea, loved that she was so sexy to these strangers.
I sat, mesmerized, and continued slowly stroking my cock. The German's cock brushed Amber's nipple, causing it to bend and spring back, her tit rippling with the pressure of his dick. Her body undulated sensually with pleasure. My turgid cock strained with pleasure and was almost painfully hard.
Glancing back below, Amber had spread her legs even further as she worked her clit, wide enough for Simon to shuffle right up and kneel between her thighs with his rigid cock right above her pussy. His cock tip was inches from her open womanhood, and he looked ready to either spurt onto her or even enter her--but he was obeying my command to stay outside.
Watching through the veil of my arousal, I wasn't sure if I wanted Simon to actually cum on her--I felt torn between wanting to see that and wanting to protect her from that more intimate physical contact.
For a moment I even envisioned Simon's hard member sliding into her open wet vagina, or spurting cum all over her pussy and belly--but knew on some level I didn't want him to enter her or do that. Or I didn't think I did. Or maybe I did--my thoughts were jumbled and chaotic. Without resolving the issue in my mind I instead just watched, frozen with indecision and fascination. My horniness clouded any rational thought.
Meanwhile, the German decided that if touching her tits with his cock was ok, then it must also be ok with his mouth. I was startled to see him sucking Amber's nipples, caressing her chest, all the while still madly pumping his cock. Before I could register my feelings about this sexual intimacy or intervene, my dick jumped and my breath caught. I watched as the German abruptly sat up, arched his pelvis forward with his throbbing pole pointing directly at Amber, and came.
The German's cock pulsed as he shot glops of semen onto Amber's tits, her nipples, her neck, and arms. With each spurt, viscous liquid splashed, pooled, and dripped onto and off her body. One or two ropes overshot her body and hit the sand, clumping in strings and beads like a child's glue project.
Amber did not flinch or show surprise when the German's cum splattered on her--she just lay still until the deluge had dwindled to drops. She then opened her eyes, smiled, and pulled herself up onto her elbows, and gazed down at her cum speckled body. Looking over at me she purred, "Mmm, warm." A deep longing burned in my loins as she casually dragged a finger through a blob of semen between her boobs and traced across first one nipple then the other, her eyes locked on mine. She lay back down, slid her hand down across her belly, and resumed rubbing and circling her clit.
This all triggered some primal reaction in me, and I knew I had to have my cock inside her right then. I needed to ravage her and own her with strength and control. My base instincts of power, proprietorship, and lust superseded any caution or concern about where and what we were doing, or how public. Without a word I moved aggressively toward where Simon was kneeling between Amber's wide open legs--he awkwardly jumped back out of my way in reaction to my approach.
I knelt facing Amber, my erection straining to reach her waiting cleft, relishing the sight of her inner petals--open, pink, wet, and tender. Amber slid her hands out to her thighs, offering her aroused pussy to me, glistening in the sunlight. I shuffled forward to accept her treasured gift. I rubbed my cock up and down between her labia lips, lubricating with her copious fluids and feeling her softness--my arousal flared as I caught a brief waft of her ambrosial scent. I thrust smoothly and forcefully into her, feeling the muscles of her vagina tighten and pull at my cock as I slid in and nearly out, then pushed in further, all the way until our pelvises met.
We fucked with raw lust, without tenderness--my balls slapped her ass cheeks and my dick touched her cervix with the deeper thrusts. I could feel perspiration run down my forehead, aware of random drops falling onto her naked flesh below. She continued to furiously rub her clit as I pounded in and out of her, both of us roiling with sexual pleasure and building toward our approaching release.
Her body writhed wildly--she almost rocked my cock out of her pussy. Then she froze, muscles clenched, her pelvis contracted, lifted, and holding me inside her. I felt her vaginal walls spasm uncontrollably around my cock as her body shuddered. She arched back, lifting her hips against me as if to take me deeper, and gave a guttural moan. "Aaah, oh god, mmmm...mmhm, hrmmrrmm," as her whole body trembled. Her pussy released a flood of juice, escaping around my swollen shaft and coating my balls.
As Amber's orgasm subsided I resumed thrusting with increasing speed, my climax fast building down deep inside, its arrival imminent.
But my climactic journey was interrupted when I happened to look up at Simon. He had moved up by Amber's chest and was rubbing his rigid cock all over her cum splattered tits and nipples, smearing them and himself with the German's cum. I paused my movement, holding deep inside Amber's pussy as I processed this. My eyes then widened as Amber reached out and wrapped her hand around Simon's cum smeared cock and started stroking it, her hand gliding smoothly up and down its well-lubricated shaft.
I took in the sight, but was so worked up and needing to cum that I shook my head as if dismissing some distraction and resumed thrusting forcefully in and out of Amber's drenched pussy. Feeling my shaft sliding inside her velvety wetness, I savored the build-up to my pending release--the release of hours of pent-up sexual energy. At the same time, a corner of my mind also wondered how things had evolved so far beyond simple exhibitionism. Which turned out to be an understatement, as Amber again took things a step further.
I watched with disbelief as Amber pulled Simon's hard pole towards her and guided it towards her mouth. I slowed somewhat but continued fucking Amber, the erotic scene before me unfolding as in a dream. My cock jerked as Amber parted her lips to greet her new visitor. She ran her tongue around the head, with a mixture of Simon's pre-cum and the German's cum forming strings from her mouth to his cock that stretched and shrunk or broke as she dipped closer and away. She then slid her lips fully over the head and down his shaft.
The sight of Simon's cock disappearing into Amber's mouth sent me over the edge, and I felt an electric jolt deep in my groin like a detonator triggering an explosive. With a grunt, I rammed my cock into Amber's pussy and rapidly pounded hard and fast as I felt semen rush up from my balls, along the length of my cock, and explode with volume and force deep inside her. Amber's vaginal walls pulsated in response to my eruption, as I continued to pump cum into her. She paused her blowjob and devoted her attention to me as I frenetically fucked through my ejaculatory spasms.
As my climax subsided I slowed and continued to press more gently into her until I began to soften. I pulled out, still partially erect despite my massive orgasm. Both Amber's labia and my dick were covered with a cocktail of cum and her pussy juice. The thick fluid hung, stretched, then dripped off my cock as if in slow motion, and fell back onto her clit and open lips. My body was still taut, aroused, and my skin felt like it was on fire, while at the same time I felt sated.
Sitting back, I took a moment and contemplated Amber lying nude in the sunshine, catching her breath--legs spread, with one hand still gripping Simon's erect dick. Her vagina was gaping from just being filled with my cock, and I watched with fascination as a pearl of white semen appeared at her opening, then swelled in size as more began to collect and press out. A small glob of cum overflowed and oozed out of her vagina and slid down along her perineum, across her anus, then dropped onto her towel. Dried cum was still visible on her tits, nipples, and neck, along with a few stray droplets splattered on her belly. I registered the entire erotic image in my mental "fantasy wanking material" file for future use. It has had plenty of use.
Amber twisted up on one elbow and resumed sucking Simon, generously continuing the blowjob she had started. She audibly slurped his cock, one hand at the base and pulling it far in, lips spread and pulling with each thrust. It was so damn hot my cock twitched and started to harden again. And I wasn't the only one experiencing an encore erection.
Hearing a noise to my side, I looked over and saw that the German had moved closer to me for a better view of Amber's open cum soaked pussy--he was once again hard and stroking his cock. We made eye contact, and he smiled. He whispered with awe as he regarded Amber, "Sehr geil." He continued to wank as he watched my Amber suck Simon's dick. I silently nodded my agreement, getting the gist of his remark if not sure of the exact translation--he, she, and the situation were hot, or he was horny, maybe both. I gave it but a fleeting thought.
By then my emotions whirled and most rational thought had long since dissipated. I left the German and crawled closer to Amber's upper body for a better view of her magic mouth working Simon's cock. I was unexpectedly aroused and fascinated seeing her sliding a stranger's cock into her mouth. I wrapped my hand around my cock again, imagining how it felt to be the cock Amber was swallowing.
I was tangentially aware that down below, the German had slid over and was kneeling between Amber's still open legs, facing her. He methodically stroked his rod in the air directly above Amber's drenched pussy.
Catching movement further out, I looked past Amber and Simon to see that we had been joined by two voyeurs, watching us. By that point I seemed no longer capable of being startled or worried about the public risks of our conduct--I didn't experience the flash of fear or nervousness at being "caught" that I had just a short time earlier. I simply noted that they were there, watching, and turned on.
The two men stood about twelve feet away, facing us with their backs to the sea. One was an old man, thin and saggy, with grey sparse hair, and the other was a young guy probably in his late teens, fit and vibrant. They were vigorously pumping their cocks--the old man didn't seem fully hard, the younger was both hard and large. They both seemed content to watch and wank from a distance and didn't make any move to approach. The fact that they were there, however, added to my swirling melee of arousal and emotions, fueling the dreamlike fantasy of events that seemed to be unfolding, unbidden and unpredictable.
I turned my attention back to Amber, and to Simon's cock appearing and disappearing into her mouth. I absent-mindedly continued to stroke my almost fully recovered erection as I watched, engrossed and turned on by the sight, neither jealous nor concerned at that moment. It was so sexy and hot, I just loved seeing her loving a cock like that. I was on some level astounded that she would be there, in public, exposed, engaging in sex with strangers, but that thought only served to heighten my arousal.
Glancing back at the German, his cock was poised just inches above Amber's gaping pussy, rock hard and pulsing. His cock's head was pointed slightly down towards her belly as he stroked its length and looked between her pussy and the blowjob a few feet away. He was basically in the same position Simon was in earlier when I had told Simon to stay outside of her.
He looked up at me and asked, "Darf Ich?" ("May I?")
I hesitated but a moment, thinking he was asking permission to cum on Amber's pussy and belly. I looked at Amber gulping down Simon's cock, her body already smeared with suntan oil, perspiration, and cum, and back to the German, then to Amber's dripping pussy. A mental image of him shooting cum out over Amber's tidy pubes and belly caused my dick to twitch with pleasure. I shook my head in surrender at the situation and shrugged, "What the fuck, at this point why not?" With a curt nod, I added, "Go ahead, I think she'll like it."
The German smiled, nodded, and leaned forward. But he didn't cum as I expected. Rather, he pressed the long underside of his shaft between Amber's pussy lips and started sliding forward and back between them like a saw. His cock head popped up and out towards her belly then almost back down to her clit as he rubbed back and forth along her cleft, which was well lubricated with a mix of Amber's pussy juice and my cum. Amber's matching gyrations confirmed that the soft underside of the German's cock was rubbing along her clit.
I found myself once again torn between thinking I should put a brake on things and being turned on and fascinated. Everything seemed to be careening over ever-changing edges, happening too fast for me to register or think things through. Before I could react Amber tensed and began to thrust her pelvis strongly in counter motion to the German's stimulation. She clearly liked what he was doing. Then I heard Simon groan and I snapped my head up towards the sound.
Amber's physical reaction to her clit's pleasuring was timed perfectly with the climax of Simon's blowjob, as he cried out, "Oooh, yes, shit...yah...aaaah." With wide eyes, I saw his balls contract and could actually see his cock pulse repeatedly along its length as he pumped cum into Amber's mouth. She swallowed much but couldn't take it all--cum spilled out past her lips and ran down over her chin and hand. She pulled away and kept wanking Simon's cock as several smaller spurts landed on her shoulder and neck.
Before Amber had licked even a drop of Simon's cum off her lips she threw her head back and arched her back with a groan, tits thrusting to the sky. Like a tennis spectator looking back and forth to follow the action, I flipped my head back down to her crotch to see what had happened. I was shocked to see the German had shifted from his external rubbing and had thrust his cock fully inside Amber's drenched pussy. Stunned, I felt as if I were in some crazy erotic dream. One action running into and overlapping another, bodies entwined, cumming, writhing, my attention flipping from one scene to another--and completely out of my control.
At that point, I was so overwhelmed I could only sit and watch, enthralled. My iron rod throbbed to the rhythm of the couple's thrusts. Amber arched her back then dropped back down and contracted her pelvis, rocking in sync with the German's thrusts. She looped her arms behind her bent knees and pulled her legs open and up to her shoulders, splitting her pussy wide open.
She demanded, breathlessly, "Oh, fuck yes, fuck...mmm." I absorbed the pure sexuality of the scene before me, and any nascent thoughts of intervening fled my mind.
As the German pounded her pussy, Amber had a manic look on her face, lost to her surroundings, focused only on being fucked. Her breathing became faster, shallower, and ragged. She hummed and moaned with pleasure, her sounds joining the distant noise of the waves in a symphony of intensity and power. Her entire body was wet with oil, sweat, and semen--it seemed almost to glow in the sun's reflection.
She suddenly tensed, froze, then shook as her orgasm coursed through her, muscles visibly quivering. "Oh, fuck, oh my god, fuu-mmmmms...holy shit mmmm." She continued to breathe hard and fast as German kept vigorously driving into her, panting with the ongoing exertion.
It was amazing. Hedonistic. Sexy. My brain struggled with sensory and emotional overload--I was both confused and incredibly aroused, swimming in the sea of erotic visual and physical sensations. My dick was hard, straining, and throbbing, fully recovered and feeling ready to explode.
The German howled and came just after Amber did. I thought his first spurt might have launched inside her vagina, but he quickly pulled out and shot several ropes onto her belly and pussy, painting her trimmed dark patch of pubic hair and pussy lips like drizzled frosting on a cinnamon roll. An errant shot landed far up onto one of her already cum-crusted boobs. Final drops oozed out and dripped onto her swollen clit and labia as he milked himself dry.
I just sat there, stunned, and horny. Amber ran her open hand across her pussy and up her abs, circling and smearing the cum up and onto and all over her tits, her body gyrating seductively, rubbing the cum in as if it were suntan lotion. Her expression was one of pure satisfaction--maybe a bit proud of herself, certainly pleased. She looked to me, to my hard cock, and smiled.
Hearing a grunting sound, I looked over at our other watchers and saw the younger of our two standing voyeurs give tribute to our spectacle. He arched his back with cock jutting forward, one hand on his waist and the other pumping his cock with abandon. He shot a jet of cum in a great arc, hitting the sand a good four or five feet away, followed by three or four more spurts landing out at diminishing distances. I watched, oddly fascinated at seeing the grains of sand splay, semen clumping in dark patterns as his cum splatted on the sand. Our eyes met--he simply nodded with a slight smirk, turned, and walked away.
I looked up at Amber to see her watching him with a smile. Floating in a haze of orgasmic pleasure, she muttered half to herself, "That for me? Well, thank ye kindly sir." She gave a big sigh and stretched.
The older voyeur was just standing and watching, no longer wanking, looking back and forth between the young guy and us. I don't know what he did or when he left--my attention was drawn back to movement by my erotic dream of a girlfriend.
Amber rolled out from under the German and onto her hands and knees. Like a predatory cat, she crawled towards me, her dark hair framing part of her face and her blazing blue eyes zeroed in on mine like lasers. Her cum coated tits and nipples gently swayed as she moved--a single drop of cum stretched down from her nipple, clung a few moments then fell to the sand.
Transfixed by the sight, I briefly imagined the view she would be presenting to the other two men: the muscles of her taut ass flexing as she crawled, her little pucker of anus hovering above her cum soaked pussy.
Reaching me, Amber pressed my chest to guide me onto my back, my cock standing tall and proud at attention for her. With a gleam in her eye, she stroked my rigid length, then kissed the tip of my cock. I felt electricity ignite my balls and dick as she ran her tongue around the head, then along the shaft. I felt smooth warm wetness envelop me as she wrapped her lips around my cock head, then took my length well into her mouth. All thoughts of others watching, or the fact we were out in the open in broad daylight on a public beach simply vanished with the intensity of the moment. My arousal and my focus were then only on her, on us.
Amber slowly sucked and licked me, her warm wet mouth engulfing my cock, her hand squeezing the base and adding little strokes. Waves of pleasure rippled through me as I felt the pressure along my shaft as she sucked when pulling out, and the play of her tongue under and around the head. I felt the familiar pressure building deep in my balls and knew I wouldn't last long.
Then abruptly she stopped. I looked down to see what was wrong but saw that she was simply moving up to straddle my pole and was poised just above my cock's head. Locking eyes with me with a hint of a smile, she reached down and sensuously rubbed my cock head slowly between her sopping wet pussy lips, sliding and coating me with the mix of cum and juices. My dick was on fire with anticipation, straining with the desire to enter her wet vagina. She then started easing herself down.
As if in slow motion, I watched the tip of my cock press between her swollen pussy lips, separating and opening them, the head disappearing as I popped just inside her vagina. She held still a moment, as we both savored the exquisite feeling of penetration. I drank in the sight of her sex-drenched patch of dark pubic hair above her labia lips and my cock pressed just inside her, most of the shaft visible.
She then dropped fully down on me, my cock penetrating her deeply in one smooth motion, our pelvises meeting. Her vagina was so lubricated, warm, and juicy--I felt her tightly engulf my erection with tiny spasms along my entire length. She sat up and I grasped and caressed her aroused nipples and tits, enjoying the sight and feel of their compact softness.
Amber rode me both hard and gently, sometimes lifting and sliding down, sometimes grinding her pelvis forward and back to stimulate her clit. She would sit up and pull my hands to hold and squeeze her tits, play with her nipples, then drop forward and kiss me. I was lost in the moment, the feelings, the sun, her warm tight pussy on my cock, her lips on mine. I felt our mutual climax building, gentler this time, fuller and more intense. When she suddenly contracted and shivered, her vagina pulsing and gripping--her orgasm triggered my own and we came together, our bodies shuddering in unison, joined and beautiful.
Amber collapsed forward onto me, gently connecting our lips in a tender kiss, then relaxed her head down next to mine. We simply lay together for a while with my cock still inside her, nearly dozing in the warm sun, the sound and smell of the sea accompanied by the occasional call of a gull. Her weight was comforting, and both of us focused only on enjoying the moment. The closeness, the relaxation--the warmth, exhaustion, and aftermath of incredible sex. I eventually felt my cock slip out of her pussy as I softened, while still holding each other.
Finally Amber rolled off and we sat up, stretching languorously and smiled with pleasant satisfaction. We each wondered to ourselves what to say to our random sex partners now that the bizarre events of the day had wound down.
But as we looked around, anticipating some awkwardness, it took a moment for us to register that everyone was gone--they had all left during our most intimate joining. We were alone together in the late afternoon sun, nude, satiated, and content.
End
***********************
If you enjoyed this story, please leave feedback, rating, and your vote for the Nude Day Contest. Any constructive feedback is welcome, either in the comments or by private message if preferred. Note, the premise and parts of the story are based on actual events, then liberally embellished. And of course, the names have been changed to protect the naughty. Happy Nude Day!