After my "hot" encounter with "the stranger" at my secluded outdoor sunbathing spot I was wondering if I would see or hear from him again. But then I realized he left it up to me by leaving his card. I let a day to two go by, still basking in the glow of that reciprocal cock sucking session in the glorious outdoors with both of our naked, sweating, hot bodies.
I sent him an email. I let him know I was pleasantly surprised by our encounter. He replied, saying the same and adding that he was interested in meeting again; either at my outdoor location or he said we could also meet at his place if I was interested. I agreed to the latter and we made a date.
The next day I spent a few hours naked in the sun. Sweating, sunning, taking in some beer enemas, snoozing, stroking my cock and playing with my ass; you know, a normal day. That evening I drove to "the strangers" house. He did have a name now, but I preferred the anonymity surrounding the way we met. That was a turn-on in itself.
He lived in a nice townhome not far from the park/hiking trails. I parked in the driveway, knocked on his door. He answered barefoot, wearing only some skimpy shorts and nothing else. I got a better view of his chiseled body. He was more muscular compared to my more slender/swimmers build. He had some really nice abs -- that is a hot turn-on for me. He had a decent tan but nowhere near my complete body tan. He invited me in and offered a drink. I smiled with a raised eyebrow look knowing that I would like a beer and also that I preferred taking it in a way that most people don't consider.
I was wearing short black shorts with a tight-fitting black T shirt and sandals. He said why don't I get more comfortable. Ha, ha. I obliged and removed my clothes. Yes, that was more comfortable. He walked up to me. Leaned in and kissed me on the lips. I reciprocated. I put my hands in the waistband of his shorts and gently pulled them down. He kicked them off and we both stood there for a moment or two admiring our naked bodies.
He had a decent sized cock as I noted from our outdoor encounter, and he acknowledged the larger size cock I had with an appreciative expression while he stroked my cock as it was stiffing nicely. I leaned in again and licked his lips with my tongue. I then traced my way down his body with my lips, starting at his neck, spending some time on his well-developed pecs, moving to his hard abs (oh, such a nice body) and ending up on the tip of his very stiff cock.
I played with the tip of his cock with my tongue before engulfing him into my mouth. I savored the texture, the taste the aroma of his cock as I let it glide in and out of my mouth. I eventually took him deep into my throat, pausing for short periods of time massaging his cock with my throat muscles. He responded with some soft cooing and gently ran his fingers through my hair giving me an unconscious scalp massage while I gave him a very focused and conscious cock massage with my mouth and throat.
He lasted quite a long time. I was on my knees; we were both naked in the middle of his living room. Oblivious to anything else. I felt him getting a little stiffer and noticed his breathing change ever so slightly as I prepared for the burst of cum that was building up and ready to shoot into my mouth and throat. He came. Again, and again. I swallowed as I continued to suck him until he started to go soft in my mouth. I let his softening cock linger a while before I let it slip out. He gently guided my body up off my knees, sliding it up along his body until our mouths met. He gave me a more passionate kiss this time. I let him taste his own cum in my mouth as we used our tongues and lips, savoring the moment.
I'm a versatile guy and my cock was rock hard by this point. He noticed this, smiled, took me by the hand and led me to the couch. I turned him around and had him kneel on the couch cushions with his upper body leaning over the back of the couch. He was at the right height in relation to where my cock was. He handed me a bottle of lube that was on the nearby table. I squirted some on his ass, just above his hole and watched it trickle down his crack before I used my fingers to rub it into his hole, opening him up with my fingers. He was pretty tight, so I took my time slowing loosening him up. More lube, fingers gently rubbing and being inserted.
I rubbed some more lube on my cock and placed the tip at the entrance to his puckered asshole. I leaned in and whispered into his ear to take a deep breath, relax and slowly let it out. As he slowly exhaled I gently pushed my way inside him. It was really hot, really erotic, the way the whole process unfolded as I entered him. I withdrew a little pushed in again, allowing even more of my monster cock to enter him. He started to breath in rhythm to my thrusts and withdrawals. In and out, smooth and slow at first. Deeper and deeper. Steady, long strokes. In and out. Deeper and deeper. In and out. In and out. I was pretty horned up but also found the stamina to give him a long, long, long fucking...
We were both totally absorbed in this thorough fucking. Time seemed to stand still. When I finally found myself getting ready to cum, I sped up the pace, just a little, letting him know I was near. He responded in kind matching my thrusts with his hips moving back against my pelvis. We were both breathing heavier now, our bodies were starting to sweat, we were both making small animalistic-like moaning sounds. It was very hot, very erotic.
I started to cum. Filing him deep inside. Thrust after thrust. Load after load of cum. Finally spent I collapsed against his backside, staying there for several minutes while our breathing and bodies simmered down. I left my cock inside him until it grew soft and slowly eased its way out on its own. Followed by some of my cum dripping down his balls and legs.
We still hadn't said more than a few words to each other. We still seemed to be on the same wavelength. Simpatico.
I relaxed onto the couch. He followed, sitting naked next to me. Then something unexpected happened. My right hand was resting between our bodies, barely touching his left thigh. He reached over and took my right hand into his left, gently caressing the skin. He brought my band up to his mouth and give it a gentle kiss then placed in on his stomach with his hand resting on top of mine. A seemingly simple gesture with some very powerful feelings connected to it. This was probably the most erotic thing we had done with each other up to this point. And that is saying a lot.
The evening was a long way from being over but right now we just sat there in silence, basking in the afterglow of our intense coupling.
End part 3