*All characters involved in sex scenes are 18 or above. Comments and feedback are welcomed. This story contains scenes of rough, reluctant, dubiously consensual, or non-consensual sex. Edited to improve story flow and cleaned up some paragraphs.*
*
Dany's heart pounded as she waited anxiously for her order, her stomach fluttering with nerves and excitement. She still couldn't believe she was really going through with this. What would her friends say if they could see her now? Rent was due, and she was facing eviction. Her landlord had doubled the rent, and despite selling her guitar and pawning some jewellery, it was hopeless since her boyfriend broken up with her and moved back home.
When the buzzer finally rang, signaling her order was ready, she jumped in surprise, heat flooding her cheeks. Taking a deep breath to steady her nerves, she walked up to the counter on shaky legs.
As always, the boys working the kitchen whistled appreciatively at her approach, their eyes roving shamelessly over her curvy figure in the tight pink shorts and cropped tank top she wore. Ordinarily she would have flushed under their scrutiny and looked away, embarrassed by their blatant ogling, but today she lifted her chin and smiled at them coyly, reveling in the surge of feminine power their lustful gazes gave her.
One of the kitchen staff, an attractive dark-haired student dubbed Mark, propped himself against the counter and sent her a mischievous smile. "Aren't you a vision today," he purred, his gaze lingering on her cleavage.
Dany blushed at his boldness but met his eyes fearlessly, a playful smile dancing on her lips. "Do I?" she asked guilelessly, leaning forward to give him a better view down her top.
Mark's eyes widened, a blush creeping up his neck. For a moment he seemed at a loss for words, his mouth opening and closing soundlessly, and she felt a thrill of victory at rendering him speechless. She knew she was playing with fire, but the forbidden excitement of openly flirting with a colleague was too tempting to resist.
Finally Mark seemed to regain his composure, though his eyes still strayed to her chest as he spoke. "You look delectable enough to devour," he said, his voice husky with longing.
Dany's pulse raced at the heat in his gaze, desire and alarm warring within her. She knew she should put an end to this before things went too far, but the lust in his eyes fueled her own craving, making her bold.
Wetting her lips, she leaned in closer and lowered her voice to a sultry purr. "Is that a promise?"
For a moment Mark just stared at her, stunned by her daring, and she held her breath, wondering if she had finally gone too far. But then a slow, wicked grin spread across his face and he nodded, his eyes gleaming. "It's a guarantee."
Dany's heart skipped a beat, heat flooding her at the implication in his words, and for a moment she was tempted to drag him into the back room and take him up on that promise. But she caught herself just in time, alarm breaking through the haze of desire. What was she thinking? She couldn't do something like that at work! She grumbled under her breath, wondering what exactly was in the tea that Susan had given her just now when she was having a panic attack over becoming homeless.
Pulling back, she took a steadying breath and summoned a coy smile, hoping to play off her slip as flirtation. "Careful, I might just hold you to that," she teased, hoping he would follow her lead.
For a moment Mark's eyes narrowed, as if suspecting she was changing the game, but then he grinned and shook his head, accepting her retreat with good humor. "A guy can dream," he said, his eyes twinkling with mirth and longing.
Dany laughed, the tension easing from her shoulders. She had skated on dangerously thin ice, but she seemed to have regained her footing without plunging in. "And I'll be sure to make it a good one," she quipped, winking at him as she collected her tray.
Mark barked out a laugh, shaking his head at her daring. "You're trouble today," he accused, but the grin on his face told her he didn't really mind.
"You have no idea," she said with a coy smile, already making her way back to her customers. As she walked away, she sensed Mark's gaze on her retreating form and put an extra swing in her hips, her heart still pounding from their encounter. She knew she was playing with fire, but she couldn't deny that she enjoyed the thrill.
When she reached her table, she took a deep breath and summoned her most dazzling smile, ready to continue the charade she had begun. But her mind kept drifting back to Mark's heated promise, arousal warring with alarm, and she wondered how far she was willing to take this dangerous game.
She had replayed everything Susan had said in her mind as she walked to the table, her heart pounding wildly with a mixture of nerves, excitement, and arousal as she contemplated what she was about to do. The thrill of the forbidden, of pushing the limits and driving men to distraction, was intoxicating, and though she knew she was playing with fire, she couldn't resist.
Finally she arrived at the table and took one last steadying breath before bending at the waist with feline grace, her impossibly tight pink shorts stretching taut across the lush curves of her rear. The shorts were so tight they seemed in danger of popping at the seams, clinging to her like a second skin and leaving little to the imagination.
Usually the snug pink material stretched so tight across her bottom it seemed in danger of popping at the seams, clinging to her like a second skin and leaving little to the imagination. This wasn't actually hers, it belonged to Susan, and had actually been retired from active duty and now was a senior comfort shorts for home wear. Now, small holes had opened up in the well-worn material from frequent washing and use, many of them forming bigger holes that offered tantalizing glimpses of the silky skin beneath. But today, instead of pink material covering her most intimate area, you could see flesh-colored skin peeking through, as if the shorts had been painted on with a lousy brush.
The guys seated at the table just behind Dany's delectable derriere had the best view the restaurant had ever offered, their eyes riveted to the peekaboo display before them. They could just about see Dany's lower lips peeking out from between her legs, glistening with arousal in the soft light. They could also tell at a glance that she kept herself completely bare, a tiny sliver of her soft pink flesh exposed and vulnerable. They became very quiet, staring as hard as they dared while attempting to appear casual, barely able to contain their lust.
Meanwhile, Dany had removed all the plates for each boy, taking extra time to lean over each one and brush her chest against their shoulders as she placed their orders before them, drawing soft groans of pleasure from their lips. She stayed bent at the waist for what seemed an eternity, reveling in the feeling of their heated gazes caressing her exposed body, desire pooling low in her belly. Finally she straightened with a husky laugh, exaggerating the roll of her hips as she did so. She knew she was playing with fire, but she couldn't deny the thrill of such wanton exhibitionism. The power she held over them in that moment was intoxicating.
Finally she picked up her tray and walked back to the kitchen, well aware of the eyes hungrily devouring her retreating form, her hips swaying provocatively. She could feel the heat of their gazes like a caress, and she had to bite back a soft moan. Her entire body felt sensitized, flooded with heat and tingling arousal.
Susan had the largest smile she'd ever had, her eyes gleaming with pride at the changes she had wrought in her young protege. She was training this sweet young girl to drive men wild with desire, and it was at Dany's request! Dany had been so shy and demure when she first started, but Susan had seen the simmering passion beneath the surface, the unawakened sensuality waiting to be unleashed if given the right encouragement. A desperate need for tips to pay her rent turned out to be the fuel needed and she had nurtured that spark into a flame, coaxing Dany out of her shell until she became the wanton seductress she was born to be.
Susan pulled Dany aside, her smile widening. "I have an idea for how you can get more tips, if you're game..."
Dany flushed under the praise, a thrill coursing through her at her mentors approval and the thought of taking things even further. The forbidden thrill of driving men to distraction was intoxicating. She knew she was in too deep now to turn back, caught up in newfound passion and confidence she had discovered with Susan's encouragement and guidance. "I'm game," she said breathlessly, practically trembling with anticipation.
Susan's eyes glinted. "Perfect. Now listen closely, this is what I want you to do..."
Dany didn't fully understand why that would look better but she listened to everything Susan told her. After all, she was only here because of Susan.
It took about seven more minutes for her next food to come out. She delivered the food and now all guys were waiting in anticipation for her to bend over. This time she was pointing her rear in the other direction. All the tables that hadn't seen what happened last time now got an eyeful as her tight pink shorts gaped open again, the tiny holes forming into bigger holes, and guys were staring directly at her smooth satin pussy. Sure, they couldn't see everything, but it was by far the most tantalizing view.
Dany felt a mixture of embarrassment, arousal, and shock coursing through her body as she thought about how exposed she was. Her heart raced and her cheeks flushed a deep crimson, but at the same time she felt a growing warmth and wetness between her legs. She had never felt so naughty before, and the lustful stares of all the men were intoxicating. She noticed several of the men shifting in their seats, their arousal barely concealed. Their hungry gazes traveled up and down her body, devouring every inch of exposed flesh and imagining what was hidden from view. She could almost feel their eyes caressing her most intimate places, and she clenched her buttcheeks together as she felt another gush of wetness.
It took Dany nearly a minute to pass the plates to each guy, leaning over to brush her chest against their shoulders once more. When the tray was empty, she took a deep breath and then arched her back, her elbows came down, and she spread her legs about 18 inches wide with her tennis shoes planted firmly on the ground. Even Susan who had made the suggestion was shocked. She had forgotten to warn Dany to practice this stance at home first.
At home, Susan had only tested her shorts with her legs together; and when she did, she had never imagined Dany would spread her legs so wantonly. At this angle, it was like one big hole formed where her lower lips met, the material disappearing to reveal bare skin. It wasn't like there was any material left covering her most intimate area, all you saw was skin. Completely bare and with her slit fully visible.
Susan was more embarrassed for Dany than she had expected. All conversation behind Dany came to a stop. The other half of the restaurant was still talking, but not one guy behind Dany could speak. They were all transfixed by the sight of Dany's glistening pussy peeking out from between her thighs, her soft pink folds parted slightly to reveal the treasures within. Several men licked their lips unconsciously, clearly imagining what she would taste like.
Dany was in this lewd position for nearly three minutes. An eternity with your pussy exposed to the view of 30 or 40 guys. Whenever Dany said something or made a point, she would gesture dramatically with her hands, causing her braless breasts to jiggle and sway, and her bum to swing tantalisingly from side to side. The boys would reply, and managed to get Dany to laugh, and this too had an incredible effect, because it was like her pussy was flexing, the lips gaping open and close, and very tellingly, a drop of clear fluid leaked out of her most intimate of openings. Finally, Dany again laughed huskily and straightened up, feeling triumphant at the obvious effect she had on all the men. Their hungry gazes followed her retreating form, clearly imagining bending her over one of the tables for a taste of her sweet nectar. She had no idea what she really just did.
Dany felt her cheeks burning as she walked away from the men, knowing she had given them quite a show. Her tiny pink shorts were soaked through with arousal. She couldn't wait to get home and relieve the throbbing ache between her legs.
She wondered if the men would be thinking of her, picturing her spread open before them. The thought sent heat through her body. She squeezed her thighs together, enjoying the pressure against her swollen clit.
She couldn't believe how naughty she had been, exposing herself to strangers. But she found she enjoyed the thrill. Perhaps she would test the limits of her daring again.
She walked slowly back to the kitchen, exaggerating her hips' sway. Their gazes caressed her, imagining taking her. She could feel their lust and shivered in delight. Such brazenness was dangerous, but she couldn't deny the thrill of reducing men to mindless desire. She wanted nothing more than to feed their passion's flames, push her daring's limits. She wondered how far she'd go to drive men wild with lust.
Dany entered the kitchen with a coy smile, cheeks still flushed. Her whole body tingled with arousal and excitement, heart pounding wildly. She couldn't believe how naughty she had been, exposing herself to strangers. But she found she enjoyed the thrill. Perhaps she would test the limits of her daring again before her shift ended.
Taking deep breaths to calm her racing heart. The memory of hungry eyes devouring her exposed flesh sent another wave of arousal coursing through her body. She wondered how many men would be picturing her naked body, imagining penetrating her soft pink folds. The thought made her squirm with need. She longed to slip into the bathroom for relief, but she knew she couldn't leave the kitchen until the end of her shift. She would have to endure the delicious ache a little longer.
* * * *
One hour later...
Mark and Dany walked into the freezer together to grab some supplies when the freezer door shut behind them with a thud, sealing them in the icy room alone.
Mark turned to face Dany, his eyes dark with desire. "Now, where were we?" he purred, stalking toward her with slow, measured steps. Dany's heart raced, arousal warring with alarm. She knew she should put a stop to this, but the heat in Mark's gaze fueled her own desire, emboldening her.
Wetting her lips, she purred, "I believe you made me a promise."
Mark grinned, his eyes gleaming. "And I always deliver on my promises," he said, closing the distance between them.
Dany gasped as Mark pulled her into his arms, melting into his searing kiss. She knew this was dangerous, that they could get caught at any moment, but in that instant she didn't care. All that mattered was the feel of his hands roving over her body, igniting her passion until she burned for his touch. She was in too deep now to turn back, caught up in desire and longing for Mark to make good on his promise.
Mark's hands slid under Dany's crop top, caressing the soft skin of her back. His lips trailed hot kisses along her neck, igniting her passion. She pressed herself against him, a soft moan escaping her lips. Her hands roved over his body in turn, feeling the hard muscle beneath. She fumbled with the buttons of his shirt, eager to feel his bare skin against hers.
Lifting Dany onto a stack of crates, he settled between her parted thighs. His lips claimed hers again in a searing kiss as his hands cupped her breasts, teasing her nipples into hardened peaks. She ground her hips against his, desperate for the friction to relieve the ache building inside her.
Mark pulled back, his eyes gleaming with mischief. "Is this what you wanted?" he asked, his voice husky with desire. His hands slid under her tiny shorts, caressing the soft skin of her inner thighs.
Dany whimpered, nodding eagerly. She was powerless to resist him, intoxicated by the passion he had awakened in her. She would give anything for him to satisfy the cravings he had created. "Please," she begged, beyond caring how wanton she sounded. She needed him, needed this, and she was willing to do whatever it took to have him.
Mark grinned, his eyes darkening with lust. "If that is what you want," he purred, claiming her mouth in another searing kiss.
Mark grinned against her neck, relishing her excitement. He brushed her hands away and gradually unfastened his shirt, sliding it off his shoulders before tugging Dany's top over her head. He paused for a moment, drinking in the sight of her bare breasts. "Magnificent," he breathed, tracing the edge of her breasts with his fingertips before capturing one hardened peak in his mouth and suckling until she cried out in pleasure, her hands tangling in his hair to hold him in place. His hands slid down to caress her thighs, inching under her shorts and tracing slow, teasing circles around her clitoris. She ground herself against his hand, desperate for more, but he refused to hasten the pace, intent on prolonging her pleasure.
Dany whimpered in frustration, trembling with need and longing for Mark to satisfy the cravings he had created. She was powerless to resist him, intoxicated by the passion he had awakened in her. She would give anything for him to take her, hard and fast, sating the raging fire inside her.
"Please, please," she begged, her voice husky with desire. She arched into his touch, offering herself up to him without reserve. She needed this, needed him, and she was willing to do whatever it took to have him.
Mark's eyes darkened with lust at her surrender. His fingers slipped under the edge of her tiny pink shorts, caressing her slick folds and drawing a strangled cry from her lips. "Is this what you desire?" he asked, his voice rough with passion. He traced slow, teasing circles around her clit, pushing her to the very edge of ecstasy before drawing back again.
Dany whimpered, beyond coherent speech. She ground herself against his hand, silently pleading for the release she so desperately craved.
Mark grinned, enjoying having her at his mercy. "Tell me what you want," he demanded, his fingers stilling their teasing caresses. He wouldn't give her what she needed until she voiced her desire.
Dany swallowed hard, summoning the last shreds of her willpower. She knew this was dangerous ground they were treading, but she couldn't bring herself to stop. She needed this, needed him, and she was willing to risk everything for a taste of forbidden passion.
"I want you," she whispered, her cheeks flushing at her own daring. "Fuck me, damnit!"
A dark smile curved Mark's lips, his eyes gleaming with triumph. "So demanding," he growled, claiming her mouth in a searing kiss that left no doubt as to his intentions. His fingers plunged inside her, stretching and preparing her for his possession, stoking the fires of her passion until she was writhing against him, mindless with desire. He found he did not even have to take off her shorts, a little rip was all he needed as it teared open as easily as he would an envelope.
Mark yanked his trousers and undergarments down in a single movement, allowing them to slide down to his ankles. He watched Dany with an extremely large grin as her eyes widened in astonishment at his masculinity. She had sex before, but never with something so massive.
"What on earth, Mark!" Dany cried out, gulping as she poked the end of it with her finger, causing it oscillate back and forth a few times. It was big, girthy, and probably weighed a few pounds. She wrapped her fingers around it to jerk it a few times and her long fingers couldn't touch her thumb.
Mark continued to grin at Dany's expression, before grasping his cock at the base and beginning to rub her pussy lips with his cock-head, while his other hand traced circles around her clitoris. Dany's cunt, already dripping from her previous actions, became even more aroused.
When he finally entered her, the feeling of being filled so completely after teasing and being teased for so long nearly shattered her. She cried out, her eyes bulging and her back arching as he slowly pressed into her.
Mark loved how her snatch was squeezing him, a warm, taut, velvety sheath that encapsulated him. Dany clung to him for dear life he began to move within her, sawing back and forth with aching slowness to get her used to his size. He managed to get most of his rock hard dick into the teen this way.
Dany slapped the wall behind her for balance as her eyes blinked rapidly. As Mark began to increase his pace to something hard and fast, her hands wondered for purchase, accidentally grabbing onto a bell pepper from the vegetable crate next door and crushing it in her hands.
Without missing a beat, he lowered his center of gravity a bit by bending his knees, and without slowing down, began to withdraw his dick nearly all the way out, and thrusting all the way in. Dany winced at each aching upstroke, her firm, high breasts bounching boobily on her ribcage.
"Mark, oh my god." Dany snarled, her eyes squeezed shut "You're going to kill me with that thing!"
Mark chuckled, and did not let up. his hands held her at her hips, but also slid upwards to grasp her at her waist, his thumbs and fingers tracing the contours of her firm, taut, that had just a hint of abs.
Sweat beaded on his brow despite the chill of the freezer, dripping down to add to the lubrication. Dany's velvet sheath had been very wet from the start, and he had been able to get nearly all the way in despite the fact that she was tight, so tight he had to suck his breath in and try not to cum immediately. Despite that tightness, Dany could feel his scaldingly hot erection dig deeper and deeper into her, until finally his hips were slapping into her. He was all the way in.
"Mark! Mark! Oh my god, Mark!" Dany breathlessly wailed, her pitch going higher and higher as she clung to the crates for dear life. Somehow, the stack of crates was not topping over. In fact, it had enough give and sway, that it was actually assisting in the act, almost functioning as a crude sex swing, swaying back and forth like a skyscraper in a hurricane. That feeling of almost falling, that the ground was not stable, caused Dany to switch to grasping on tightly to Mark's waist for support. And before long, she was pulling him into her, a willing participant to her absolute pounding.
It took all of Mark's willpower to hold back and keep going. There had always been something intensely sexy about Dany, but today, she was simply off the scale. With Dany supporting herself, Mark reached down to grasp at her ankles, pulling them apart and into a v-shape.
"You. Have. The most. Amazing. Pussy." Mark intoned, licking his lips and punctuating each word by pummeling her hard. Their rhythm was primal, animalistic, driven by raw passion and longing. Her pleasure built and built, spiraling out of control until she came apart in his arms, trembling and crying out his name.
Mark thrust into her a few more times before finally reaching his own climax, moaning her name breathlessly against her neck. For several blissful moments they remained locked in a tight embrace, panting and sated, before gradually returning to themselves.
A playful smile curled Dany's lips as she traced lazy patterns over Mark's back. "It seems you made good on your promise," she purred, arching into him as desire began building within her once more.
Mark chuckled, nuzzling her neck tenderly. "I can keep going," he murmured, his hands roving over her body again. "We've only just begun."
Dany giggled in delight at his words, her hands sliding down to cup his backside. "Then by all means, continue," she whispered invitingly.
Mark grinned and captured her lips in a searing kiss, rolling his hips against hers. His hands traced feather-light touches over her skin, igniting sparks of pleasure wherever they went. Dany responded eagerly, her nails raking down his back as she wrapped her legs around his waist to pull him closer still. Her nipples were rock hard from arousal, but also from the chill of the freezer. Neither had any thought about calling for help, not just yet.
They moved together unhurriedly, savoring each caress and kiss. The heady rush of passion had faded into a slow, smoldering heat that seemed as though it could go on forever. The rest of the world fell away until there was nothing left but the two of them, blissfully lost in the depths of their embrace.
Susan watched with flushed cheeks and bated breath after easing the freezer door open. She couldn't bring herself to look away. Her heart raced as Mark claimed Dany's lips in a searing kiss, his hands roving over her body. She knew she should stop them, even if it was just for sanitary reasons, but she was powerless to resist the desire awakening within her.
Mark's hands slid under Dany's shirt, caressing her bare breasts as his lips trailed kisses along her neck. Dany whimpered softly, arching into his touch. Susan bit her lip to stifle a moan of her own, trembling as Mark's hands slid lower, tracing teasing touches up and down Dany's inner thighs. She wanted those hands on her, igniting her passion as he had ignited Dany's. She wanted to be the one writhing in ecstasy as Mark thrust into her, hard and fast. She wanted everything Dany had, and she was willing to risk it all for a taste of forbidden pleasure.
Mark's eyes flickered to Susan for the briefest of moments, dark with lust and triumph. A slow smile curved his lips as his thumb twiddled Dany's button, pushing her to the brink of ecstasy as he slowly, very slowly, moved his body like a wave and piercing deep into Dany with his cock. Susan's cheeks flushed at the unspoken promise in his gaze. She knew then that she would be his next.
"So incredibly wet," he purred, his voice husky with desire. He traced slow, teasing circles around her clit, pushing her higher and higher until she was writhing against him, trembling on the edge of release.
Dany whimpered, her hands tangling in Mark's hair. "Please," she begged, as he kept teasing her, beyond caring how wanton she sounded. She needed him, needed this, and she would do whatever it took to push herself over the edge into sweet oblivion. "Mark stop messing around!"
Mark's eyes gleamed with lust and triumph. "As you wish," he growled, plunging deep inside her and then pounding her rapidly until the shelf behind her was rattling with the force of his movements.
Dany came apart with a shattered cry, clinging to Mark as her inner walls clenched rhythmically around his cock. He stroked her through the aftershocks, drawing out her pleasure until she was panting and sated in his arms. For several blissful moments they remained locked in a tight embrace, panting and sated. Mark nuzzled her neck tenderly, a possessive gentleness in his touch that made her heart skip a beat.
Mark withdrew his fingers and lifted them to his lips, sucking them clean with a wicked grin. The heat in his gaze shifted to Susan, filled with dark promise. Dany had cum again. Mark had not. Her breath caught in her throat, arousal and alarm warring within her. She knew she should flee, put a stop to this madness before she was drawn into the depths of depravity they were treading, and yet she couldn't bring herself to move. She was caught, as helpless to resist him as Dany had been. She was silently pleading for him to claim her.
Mark prowled toward Susan, desire etched into every line of his body. He grasped her chin, tilting her head up to meet his searing gaze. "Your turn," he purred, his eyes gleaming.
Susan swallowed hard, trembling in mingled fear and anticipation. She couldn't bring herself to refuse him. She wanted this, wanted him, and she was willing to risk everything for a taste of forbidden pleasure.
"Yes," she whispered, surrendering herself to him without reserve.
Triumph flashed in Mark's eyes. "Good girl," he growled, claiming her mouth in a bruising kiss that left no doubt as to his intentions. Susan melted into his embrace, intoxicated by the passion he had awakened in her. She was his, to do with as he wished, and she would give anything to satisfy the cravings he had created.
Mark deepened the kiss, his hands roaming over Susan's body and leaving trails of fire in their wake. She whimpered softly, arching into his touch as desire blossomed within her. She wanted him with an intensity that bordered on madness, craving the feel of his skin against hers and the delicious torment of his hands and mouth on her flesh.
Mark slid his hands under Susan's managerial shirt, caressing the soft skin of her stomach before moving higher to cup her breasts below her bra. She moaned as he teased her nipples to hardened peaks, desire coiling hot and heavy in the pit of her stomach.
"So responsive," Mark purred, his voice husky with lust. He slipped one hand into the waistband of her pants, tracing slow, teasing circles over her slick folds. "And so wet for me already."
Susan flushed, beyond caring how wanton she seemed. She needed him, needed the release only he could give her, and she would beg if that was what it took.
"I need this," she whimpered, clinging to him as tremors of pleasure coursed through her.
Mark's eyes flashed at this, his expression unreadable. "As you wish," he growled, plunging two fingers deep inside her.
Susan cried out, inner walls clenching around his fingers as he stroked her. He drove her higher and higher, his touch both torment and ecstasy, until she was writhing against him, trembling on the edge of oblivion.
"Let go," Mark commanded, his voice rough with desire. "Come for me."
His words shattered the last of Susan's restraint. She came apart with a broken sob, clinging to Mark as pleasure crashed over her in waves. He stroked her through the aftershocks until she lay panting in his arms, sated but craving more.
Mark withdrew his fingers and lifted them to his lips, sucking them clean with a wicked grin. "Delicious," he purred, eyes gleaming, comparing Susans spiciness to Dany's sweet necter. "But I want more."
Heat flooded Susan's cheeks, but she made no move to resist him. She was his, to do with as he pleased, and she would give him whatever he desired.
Mark grasped her chin, tilting her head up to meet his searing gaze. "On your knees," he commanded, the rough edge of desire in his voice brooking no refusal.
Susan slid to her knees without protest, gazing up at him with unveiled longing. She wanted only to please him. She would give anything for the pleasure of his touch, and follow wherever he chose to lead her.
Mark stroked her cheek with possessive gentleness. "Good girl," he purred. His hands moved fist his cock, and it slowly grew, mere minutes after having finishing in Dany. Susan's eyes widened as Mark slid a hand into her hair, fisting it tightly as he plunged into her welcoming mouth. She moaned around him, clinging to his thighs, tasting Mark, tasting Dany, and feeling to incredibly naughty. He began to move, hard and fast, and Susan moved with him, pluging her mouth down his cock and taking him all the way.
"Yes," he moaned, writhing as Susan pressed her nose into her belly. "Oh God, yes!"
Mark thrust slowly a few more times before reaching his climax, moaning her name breathlessly before sagging against the door. He opened his eyes to look at the kitchen staff, who were all staring at the two of them with slack jaws and wide eyes.
* * * *
Dany emerged from the kitchens with flushed cheeks, hastily smoothing her hair and clothes. Her hands trembled slightly as she picked up an empty tray, steadying herself with a deep breath before turning to the bar. She couldn't afford to falter now, not when there were still customers waiting to be served. She had duties to attend to, no matter the madness that had come over her. She left broomstick over the freezer door, preventing it from fully closing, but shutting it enough that the sound of Susan's blowjob wasn't travelling through the kitchen.
Approaching the bar with as confident a stride as she could muster, she offering the waiting patrons an apologetic smile. Her lips still tingled from the bruising kiss Mark had given her, and she pressed them together to quell their trembling. "My apologies for the delay. How may I help you?"
A few of the men eyed her speculatively, gazes lingering on her kiss-swollen lips and the love bites above the collar of her crop top. She pulled her crop top more securely around her shoulders, as if she could hide the evidence of her indiscretion. None voiced their suspicions aloud, but she could see them lurking behind lustful stares and knowing smirks. She took their orders with a calm she was far from feeling, hoping the tremors in her hands weren't too obvious as she took their orders and accepted payments.
"Everything all right, Dany?" Tom asked quietly from his place by the bar, a mixture of concern and curiosity in his gaze. His eyes flicked briefly to her neck before returning to meet her own, and she flushed under his scrutinizing gaze. There was no hiding what she had been up to from one as perceptive as Tom. "You were gone awhile."
Dany avoided his eyes as Tom placed the last drink on her tray, shame heating her cheeks. "I'm fine," she said, a touch too quickly. Her voice trembled, belying her words. "Just a bit warm, is all. I'll be right as rain once I've had a drink of water."
She didn't wait for Tom's response, instead turning on her heel and heading to the table that had called her over. She had no wish to discuss what had transpired, not when the memories were still fresh in her mind, awakening a dangerous yearning within her and intensifying her shame. She couldn't afford to dwell on such madness, not now. She had work yet to do, and she would lose herself in the familiar rhythm of her duties until the cravings and humiliation faded into memory once more.
Eventually, Dany approached a group of rowdy bikers, who had come in while she had been occupied in the freezer with Mark. Notepad in hand and a bright smile on her face, she bounced up to them. "Evening, gentlemen. What can I get for you tonight?"
"Did you see that?" one biker had rasped as Dany approached, his eyes riveted to Dany's chest.
"She's not wearing a bra," another biker said in a hushed tone. "I can see her nipples right through that top."
A third biker licked his lips as his gaze traveled down to the impossibly tight pink shorts that clung to Dany's curvy hips. "I bet she's not wearing any panties either. Probably shaved bare too, the little minx."
The bikers groaned in unison, shifting in their seats as arousal stirred. They were in for a treat with this one. She was clearly eager to please, and they intended to take full advantage of her willingness to earn a hefty tip.
Dany felt the heat of their lustful gazes like a physical caress, and she bit back a soft moan as desire pooled low in her belly. The men eyed her appreciatively, gazes lingering on her figure. She flushed under their scrutiny but held her head high, used to such treatment in her line of work.
"Aren't you a pretty little thing," one biker purred, reaching out to caress her cheek. She leaned into the touch despite herself, heat pooling low in her belly at the roughness of his calloused hands. "Why don't you join us for a drink, sweetheart? We'll make sure you're well compensated for your time."
Dany's blush deepened, but she shook her head with an apologetic smile. "Sorry boys, I'm on the clock. What can I get you to drink?"
Dany's heart pounded as she endured the bikers' caresses, her hands trembling slightly as she confirmed their orders. She knew she should protest their bold touches, but she also knew it was expected if she wanted to earn a decent tip, and so she remained silent.
She could feel their lustful gazes devouring her body as she moved between the tables, taking other orders from customers eager to wave her over. Her tight shorts and cropped tank top clinging to her curves and leaving little to the imagination. Ordinarily she would have flushed under such blatant ogling and looked away, embarrassed by their shameless perusal, but today she lifted her chin and met their gazes unflinchingly, a coy smile playing on her lips. She knew she was playing with fire, tempting these rough men to take what they clearly desired, but she couldn't deny the thrill their obvious wanton lust gave her.
When she finally made her way back to their table, she was carrying twelve pints of beer in her hands, clutching their handles tightly and pressing the mugs to her chest for added balance. As she laid it down on the table, her tits were completely visable through the wet and transparent crop top. They pulled her onto their laps without invitation, calloused hands roving greedily over her body as they nuzzled at her neck. She gasped at their boldness, heat flooding her cheeks, but she didn't protest, remaining pliant in their arms. She could feel their arousals pressing insistently against her bottom, rigid lengths straining against the confines of their jeans, and she squirmed in response, eliciting throaty groans from her captors.
They were handling her more roughly now, groping and squeezing her breasts as their mouths descended on her neck, sucking and nipping at the tender flesh. She moaned softly at the pleasurable pain, desire pooling low in her belly. She knew she should put a stop to this before things went too far, but she couldn't seem to summon the will to pull away from their embrace, reveling in the forbidden thrill of their lust.
When one of the men turned her head to claim her mouth in a searing kiss, she responded eagerly, parting her lips to grant him access. His tongue plunged deep, tangling with her own as his hands continued to roam her body, finally dipping beneath the hem of her shorts to cup her bottom, squeezing the soft flesh. She gasped into his mouth at the intimate touch, her body trembling, but she didn't pull away, lost in the haze of desire.
A loud whistle and catcall from across the room finally broke through the fog of lust clouding her mind, alarm piercing the haze of desire. She pulled back from the kiss with a gasp, heat flooding her cheeks as she took in the scene around her, realizing they had an audience. The bikers were still pawing at her body, her shorts and top now askew to reveal generous glimpses of flushed skin. Other customers were staring openly, some recording the scene on their phones, a mixture of lust, shock and anticipation on their faces.
Horror flooded her as the implications sank in, and with a choked cry she pushed away from her captors, stumbling from their embrace on shaky legs. Her shorts had ridden up in the struggle, leaving her bare bottom exposed, and she tugged them down hastily as she backed away from the table, her cheeks burning with humiliation. The bikers laughed at her retreat, clearly amused by her distress, and she felt tears prick her eyes as their mocking gazes followed her.
She rushed to the kitchen, chest heaving with sobs as the reality of what had just happened sank in. How could she have been so foolish, so reckless and stupid? She had allowed herself to be groped and fondled like a common whore in front of a room full of strangers, and now there was video evidence of her shame circulating online for all to see. She would be a laughingstock, her reputation in tatters. How could she have been so weak, so willing to throw away her dignity and self-respect for a fleeting thrill or for some rent money?
She vowed then and there never to allow lust and desire to rule her reason again. She had played with fire and been badly burned, but she had learned her lesson. From now on she would be on guard against temptation, refusing to be ruled by wanton passion. Her dignity and self-worth were more important than any momentary pleasure or thrill. She only hoped it wasn't already too late. By the time she returned to the bar her cheeks were flushed and her body thrumming with unwanted desire. She took a steadying breath, willing her traitorous body to calm. She couldn't afford such madness, not when there were still hours left on her shift.
Dany sauntered over to the table of rowdy college kids next to the bikers, putting an extra sway in her hips. As she set out the large order of hot wings to the table, she was careful not to get too close to the bikers behind her. These college kids had been the ones who had recorded her earlier indescretions, and she was determined to get them to delete the video.
Dany smiled coyly and fluttered her long, lush eyelashes at them, her bright blue eyes gleaming with mischief. "Did you boys enjoy the show?" she purred softly, leaning down to give them an ample view of her generous cleavage. Her crop top, still damp from recent escapades, clung to her full breasts but could not hide her tightly puckered nipples.
The boys hooted and hollered raucously in response, their lustful gazes devouring every inch of her curvaceous figure. "Baby, that was the hottest thing I've ever seen," one slurred huskily, his hand snaking out to squeeze her plump bottom.
She smacked his hand away, waggling a slender finger at him in reproach. "Ah, ah. No touching unless you do me a favor," she scolded, a sly smile curving her pouty pink lips.
The boys perked up at that, interest gleaming in their lust-clouded eyes. She had them wrapped firmly around her little finger, and they were eager to do whatever she asked if it meant another glimpse of her lush, womanly charms. "Anything for you, gorgeous," another piped up eagerly.
Dany's smile widened, a thrill of power and feminine pride coursing through her. She knew she had them exactly where she wanted them. "Delete that video, and maybe I'll give you a private show in the back room," she offered, well aware they could ruin her forever if they posted it onlkine. But she would also enjoy watching them squirm and scramble to please her.
The boys grinned at each other, exchanging conspiratorial glances, clearly plotting to see how far they could push her. But Dany was not so easily fooled. She knew they still had the upper hand with that footage, so she would have to play her cards carefully. But for now, she would let them believe they had won this round.
Without thinking, Dany arched her back and bent over the table again, this time spreading her legs wider than before, just like Susan had suggested. She had neglected to do any of that since coming out of the freezer, as there was no time for any of that, as she was well behind in service. The thin, tight material of her shorts strained against her thighs but could not contain the plump flesh spilling out around the edges. One of the bikers choked on his beer, while the others stared at her with the dazed, lustful expressions of men who could no longer form a coherent thought. Her shorts may have provided the pretense of coverage before, but after Mark had ripped through the perforations of the shorts, the material had torn badly at the crotch, leaving her smooth, bare pussy exposed and glistening.
The boys seemed struck dumb by the sight of her, their mouths gaping open as they gazed at her with something akin to reverence. Behind her, the effect of her blatant display caused one of the bikers to wheeze loudly, clutching at his chest as his heart raced. She was so invested in getting the boys to delete the video that she had completely forgotten about the state of her shorts. Somewhere deep down, she knew that Mark had torn her shorts, and had fucked her through the hole he had made. But she was flustered, and trying not to show it, and also so many things were firing in her brain, from the exposure she thought she was doing, to the sex in the freezer, to whatever the hell was in the tea that Susan gave her to calm her down. Right now, she had discovered a newfound confidence in her seductive charms, and she meant to use it to her full advantage.
Dany turned her dazzling smile on the college boys, who were still staring at her with something akin to reverence. "Well? Will you delete those videos or not?" she asked sweetly, arching a brow.
The boys stammered and stuttered, clearly caught between desire and self-interest. Finally, their ringleader shook his head with a rueful smile. "Sorry sweetheart, can't do that. But maybe we can work out another arrangement?" He reached for her again, but she smacked his hands away.
Dany sighed, shaking her head. She had rather hoped they might prove honorable for once, but she should have known better. She would simply have to take matters into her own hands to protect her reputation.
"Very well then," she said briskly. "You've left me no choice." Without straightening back up, she turned her head to look over her shoulders at the bikers, who were watching the exchange with interest. "Boys, it seems these young men have a video of me that could prove...problematic. What do you say we relieve them of it?"
The bikers grinned, cracking their knuckles in unison as they turned predatory gazes on the college boys. The boys paled, suddenly realizing the precariousness of their position.
"Come now, let's not be hasty," their ringleader said placatingly, though his voice shook with poorly concealed fear. "There's no need for violence. We can work something out, can't we?"
Dany merely smiled, relishing the turn of the tables. Now who had the upper hand? "Oh I think we've already tried to work something out, to no avail," she said sweetly. "My reputation is at stake here, and since you won't do the honorable thing, these gentlemen have kindly offered to bargain on my behalf."
The bikers stood up as one, and walked over to corral the college boys, surrounding them and trapping them in their booth. Dany sweetly put her hands out as the college boys sleepishly unlocked their phones and gave them to her, allowing her to delete any incriminating videos herself. She flicked through their galleries quickly, one after another, and made sure to delete anything featuring her being too lewd, playing some of the videos to make sure.
Her heart raced as she scrolled through the videos, heat flooding her cheeks. What would her friends say if they saw these videos of her wantonly displaying her body for strange men and reveling in their lustful gazes? The thrill of such forbidden exhibitionism was too tempting to resist, but she didn't want the whole world to know.
She deleted the last video, having become distracted watching herself in the videos and idly reaching down with one hand to stroke her clitoris. She realized what she was doing and flushed, and was about to say something to the crowd watching her intently when her eyes bulged out and she let out a low husky moan, trembling in rapture as one of the bikers entered her, his rock hard cock just gliding into her still freshly fucked pussy. Bent over and with her legs spread, she had been too tempting a target for the biker, who vigourously slammed into her again and again with a grunt, her body rocking to each thrust.
Surprised, Dany nearly screamed, but caught herself before more than a squeak got out. She should have said something. She could have called out for help. But unable to control herself, Dany began backing her hips up, meeting each thrust and matching the assault as the biker became more deliberate and forceful. The phones slipped from her grasp as she grasped the edge of the table, using it as leverage to thrust her ass back at the biker.
Whoever he was, he was long, and hard, and he knew how to use it. Not as girthy as Mark was, but he was no slouch in that department either. Dany could feel several rings on his fingers, and could her the jangle of chains as he drilled her pussy with violence, violence that she was meeting, pound for pound.
"Ugh! Ugh! Ugh!" Dany exclaimed, as softly as she could as the air was forced out of her.
Her hair flew widely cross her face and her breasts slipped one by one out of her crop top as she was slammed back and forth over the table. The absolutely worst thing about this is she could see her own expression reflected on the glasses of the college kids in front of her, each shapeful reaction of lip-biting bliss and fluttering eyelashes, and then she came, and she could see every twitch and shudder, tremble and open mouth as she grasped the edge of the table until her knuckles turned white.
Eventually, that got to her, and as her orgasm waned, she rested her forehead in her arms, her legs still far apart with knees locked. With the bikers standing all around her, no one else in the restaurant had a view of what was going on.
The biker did not stop. He fucked her relentlessly, pulling her hips back into him and slamming into her with force, all the way to the base. There was something about this fuck that was different that the one in the freezer. There, it was an enclosed space, safe. Free from prying eyes, until Susan opened the door. Here, she was in the middle of the restaurant's dining room, and all she had was the obscuring bodies of the bikers gathered around her.
Heat flooded her body, her pulse racing as ecstasy began to build up again within her. She moaned loudly, no longer caring who might hear or see her indulgence. One of the college kids quickly put a hand over her mouth to stifle her, but she got the wrong idea and began to suck on his digits instead, which had the same effect of silencing her. Having to pause to gasp for breath, she developed a bit of a facial tick as the biker's cock stretched and filled her, hitting places inside her that made her vision go white with bliss.
The bikers leaned in close, tightening the circle around her, with no one else in the restaurant having a clear view of what was going on, though they might guess, from the sounds. She raised her head from her arms and looked bleary-eyed at the audience of college kids watching her getting fucked. Their eyes were riveted to where the biker's hips met her own, clearly able to tell from the rhythmic rocking and her moans of pleasure exactly what was happening. Her cheeks flushed at the thought of them witnessing such an intimate act, but the thrill of exhibitionism only added to her arousal. She rocked her hips faster, urging the biker on as her climax built, fueled by the lust in their gazes.
Finally her release crashed over her in a wave of blinding ecstasy, her cunt despairingly full, her inner walls clenched tightly around the biker's cock, milking it in cascading waves of agonizing pleasure. With that, he found his own release with a grunt, filling her with his hot seed. They remained locked together for a long moment, panting for breath as the last tremors of pleasure coursed through them. Finally the biker pulled out, tucking himself back into his jeans as Dany straightened her clothing with trembling hands, her cheeks burning, her breathing ragged, her pussy sore.
She knew she only had herself to blame. She had tarried too long erasing those videos, and scrolling through and playing a few of them had caused her to become intensely aroused. Bending over with her legs spread before a biker with her pussy in full view for several minutes like that, she was amazed at how long it had taken him to throw caution to the winds. Not that she was actually inviting him to fuck her, it was just that she was too consumed with the videos, the videos of her, in public, being exposed and carassed in the middle of the restaurant.
Straightening up, she mopped sweat from her brow and brushed her hair out of her eyes as she blinked several times at the college students, who were just staring at her in awe, not knowing what to say. Realizing they were still starting at her exposed boobs, she slowly pulled her crop top down, to their mild dissappointent.
The ringleader gave her a toothy grin, "We would have been totally satisfied if you just flashed us your boobs you know. But you know what. Slay."
She sort of glared at the college kid, but she couldn't quite blame him. She knew she should not have played so recklessly with fire. She had been so aroused by the videos of her indiscretions, reliving each caress and grope until she was nearly mad with desire, that she had been helpless to stop the biker from taking what he wanted, not that she protested or made any attempt to stop him. No, she had almost immediately started to thrust back at him once she was no longer surprised.
But what was she to do now? She couldn't very well continue her shift in such a state, her thighs still trembling and slick with multiple combined releases. She needed the tips from this shift to make rent, and she couldn't afford to be sent home early. She took a steadying breath, willing her traitorous body to calm. With her cheeks still burning, she turned to clear the empty dishes from the college boys' table, studiously avoiding their eyes.
"Can we get the check please?" one asked, his voice rough with desire. She nodded briskly, refusing to meet his gaze as she printed their bill with her handheld billing machine. Her hands shook slightly as she handed it over, and she balled them into fists to hide the tremors.
"Keep the change," the boys said, as they began diving into their wallets and throwing money onto the table. "The service was impeccable." She bit back a scathing retort, snatching up the bills, the college kids were being generous with their tips. The bikers weren't about to let some punk ass college kids be more generous than them, and starting pulling out twenties, fifties and even a few hundreds, which Dany was more than happy to snatch up. She studiously avoided looking at any of the Bikers, staring at the paunches or their boots and trying to not even notice if any of them had a beard.
Dany vowed to be more careful in the days ahead, refusing to let her reckless actions and uninhibited urges put her job at risk again. She owed it to herself and her future to stay on the straight and narrow, and she intended to fulfill it. She promised herself this as she turned around and gathered her tips, the bikers taking advantage of her from all directions, stuffing cash into her top and into her tight pink shorts. Seeing this, a few of the college kids pulled out more bills so they could do the same, and she bent over and let them.
As the college kids scrambled out of the restaurant, no doubt heading back to their dooms and the privacy of a bathroom, her cheeks were burning with humiliation at what she had done to get the videos deleted, but she had accomplished what she set out to do. It did not matter that the original deal offered by the college kids had simply been a bit of a show, and she had given them the superbowl. The videos was gone, and with it the threat to her reputation. She could hold her head high once more, her dignity intact. She had learned her lesson well.
Dany busied herself wiping down the bar, avoiding Tom's concerned gaze. Her hands trembled slightly as she worked, and she pressed her lips together in a vain attempt to still their trembling. She couldn't let him see how affected she was. The bikers would move on soon enough, and she could return to the relative peace of tending to regulars who viewed her as more than a plaything.
She took a steadying breath and steeled herself, turning to check on the rowdy table with a bright smile. They were no longer causing any trouble, but they were intent on congratulating one of their number. "How are we doing here, boys? Need another round?"
The bikers eyed her hungrily, hands sliding over her hips as slid up to their table. "We're doing just fine now, sweetheart. Why don't you lose the uniform and join us?"
Dany flushed but kept her smile firmly in place. "Sorry boys, I'm still on the clock. Let me know if there's anything else I can get for you."
She endured another round of groping hands and lewd suggestions, her smile growing strained. Looking at the bikers, she wondered which of them was the one who had screwed her so thoroughly. To her relief, the bikers soon left with a roar of their engines and a cloud of exhaust. She sagged against the bar, drawing a shaky breath. The memories of today would linger to haunt her restless dreams. Such was the life she had chosen yesterday evening, when she had spoken to Susan about her predictament. She had nowhere else to go, and no choice but to see this through until the end.
Tom walked over and gently cleaned the remnants of her sexual encounters, wiping her inner thighs and pussy with a warm, wet cloth. She trembled at his careful, tender ministrations, tears pricking her eyes. How was it that this man could cause her heart to ache a little, with a single caring gesture?
"There now, all clean," he murmured softly. His hands lingered on her hips, his gaze searching hers. "Are you alright?"
The concern in his voice nearly undid her, a sob catching in her throat. She flung herself into his arms, clinging to him as she wept against his chest. He wrapped her in his embrace, holding her close and stroking her hair as she cried out her anguish and frustration.
"Hush now, it's alright," he soothed, his deep voice rumbling through her as she pressed closer. "I'm here, and I'm not going anywhere."
"Thank you for always being there for me. I don't know what I'd do without your help and support."
Tom smiled gently at her. "I'm not entirely sure what you are doing today Dany, but you have my full support. You know I'll always be here for you, Dany. I care about you deeply."
Dany bit her lip, a blush rising to her cheeks. Did he truly care for her as more than a friend? She found herself hoping that was the case. She hadn't told him about her problems, about her boyfriend leaving her and moving out. About the rent doubling. About her scandalous plan that she hatched with Susan to get more tips with just a little bit of extra exposure.
She was about to reveal everything to Tom and ask for his advice when just then Susan burst through the entrance to the bar, looking frazzled. "We have a problem! There's trash all over the alley behind the bar, and the bar itself is a total mess. One of the customers just tipped us off that we have a health inspector coming tomorrow! Tom, Dany, we need all hands on deck to get this cleaned up right away!"
Dany straightened, smoothing her hands over her shorts. "Of course, I'll get right on it." She turned to Tom with a rueful smile. "Duty calls. Thank you again for everything. I'll talk to you soon?"
"Anytime," Tom said warmly. "Now go help Susan. I'll start cleaning up here. Its closing time anyway. We can talk after work, ok?"
Dany nodded and hurried off after Susan, hoping the trash in the alley was the extent of her troubles. She couldn't afford to lose this job, not when things were finally looking up. Sure enough, trash was strewn all over, empty bottles and food containers scattered amidst debris. This would take ages to clean up, and her shift was nearly over. She needed to get home and rest, the events of the day catching up to her, but she couldn't leave Susan to handle this mess alone.
"I'm so sorry about this," Susan said, looking around at the chaos anxiously. "We've been so busy lately, we let the alley slip through the cracks."
"Don't worry about it," Dany said, forcing a smile. "Let's just get to work and get this place spotless, the health inspector will never know the difference."
Together they set about tidying the alley, gathering trash and dumping it into the overflowing dumpsters. Dany's body protested the activity after her earlier exertions, sore in places she didn't care to dwell on, but she pushed through. There was too much at stake for her to give anything less than her all.
After what seemed an eternity of back-breaking work, the alley was finally pristine once more. Dany leaned against the wall, wiping sweat from her brow as she caught her breath. Her whole body ached, screaming for rest, but a sense of satisfaction filled her at a job well done. Susan went back inside, yelling at Tom and Mark and the others to keep at it. And then...
* * * *
Dany awoke with a start, her head pounding. Her vision swam as she blinked her eyes open, slowly taking in her surroundings. She was no longer in the restaurant, but seemed to be moving at high speed down an empty stretch of highway. With growing horror, she realized she was tied up and sitting facing backwards on the back of a motorcycle, her hands and legs bound to the frame with corded rope.
She craned her neck to look down at herself and gasped, her face flushing bright red. She was completely naked, her most intimate areas fully exposed and pressed down into the hard platform mounted behind the seat of the motorcycle as it roared down the road. Her thighs were spread wide, ankles tied high to either side of the motorcycle's frame, causing her knees to rise up to shoulder height as if she were squatting. A luggage rack, that was what it was. Her hands were tied behind her to the backrest of the luggage rack she was sitting on.
Dany struggled against her bonds in vain, her heart pounding in her chest. She was utterly helpless, trussed up and on display in such a lewd and humiliating manner. Her tits bounced and wobbled with every movement of the motorcycle. But worse of all was the dildo that was deeply embedded inside of her, the base of it secured to the luggage rack and acting almost as a nail upon which she was hammered onto the bike. The dildo was turned on and vibrating, and that was already bad, but to her horror, that wasn't all, as the powerful vibrations of the motorcycle were adding on to the vibrator in her pussy, every hum and guttural violence of the machine transmitted straight to her most sensitive flesh, and she could feel herself growing more and wet and more swollen. She found her body responding in spite of itself as she bit her lower lip to hold back a moan, but it escaped her nonetheless.
The unknown biker revved the engine, sending a new surge of sensation through her that made her buck and scream. Her voice vanished into the night air, unheard by anyone on the empty highway. Still, she couldn't stop the soft cries of pleasure escaping her with each roll of the throttle. The motorcycle was driving her wild, and they both knew it.
As the miles passed, Dany lost herself in the relentless assault of sensations, writhing and moaning wantonly. She no longer cared who might see or hear her indulgence, consumed by the rapture flooding her senses. Her body was on fire, trembling on the edge of release, and with each twist of the throttle she was pushed closer to the brink. The biker was in complete control of her pleasure, guiding her towards ecstasy with every movement. She was a plaything to torment, and she reveled in her helplessness. Finally her climax overtook her, crashing through her in waves of blinding bliss as she screamed out her release. The biker let out a triumphant shout, gunning the engine to prolong her pleasure until she was spent and sagging bonelessly against her bonds, panting for breath. The road stretched endlessly before them.
When she awoke again, panic rose in her chest as she struggled against her bonds, but they held fast. She was helpless, at the mercy of whoever was driving this motorcycle. How had she ended up in such a compromising position? Her memory was hazy, but she seemed to recall being in the restaurant before everything went black.
The motorcycle suddenly swerved, picking up speed as it exited the highway onto a winding mountain road. Dany screamed, her long hair flowing past her face as the bike tilted dangerously around each turn. She was sure she would fall off at any moment, tumbling naked down the rocky slopes. Tears streamed from her eyes as she begged for mercy, but her captor remained silent, and the vibrations shaking her to her core took on a different tone as the motorcycle climbed uphill.
The motorcycle raced up the mountain, finally skidding to a stop at an old wooden log cabin as Dany sagged with utter exhaustion. The engine cut off, leaving Dany trembling in the relative silence, except for the low buzzing sound of the vibrator still trapped inside of her. Footsteps approached and a woman came into view, dressed all in black leather. She was tall and muscular, her face hardened and weathered. Placing one foot up onto the motorcycle, she gazed down at Dany hungrily, one hand trailing up Dany's inner thigh.
"Well now, what have we here?" the woman growled, her voice dripping with danger. She gripped Dany's chin cruelly, forcing her to meet her predatory stare.
"You had the balls to fuck my man," the woman accused, her leather gloved hand trailing down from the chin to grasp at Dany's neck.
Dany whimpered in fear and denial, her heart pounding wildly. "I have no idea who your man is! I don't even know what he looks like, I swear!" She protested, trembling under the woman's threatening gaze.
The woman scoffed, her eyes narrowing. "Don't play coy with me, bitch. You've been trying to steal him away from me for weeks. Did you really think I wouldn't notice?" She squeezed Dany's throat harder, eliciting a small whimper. "You have to pay for what you've done. No one takes what's mine."
Dany shook her head frantically, so very confused, with tears filling her eyes. "Please, I don't know anything about your man! You have the wrong girl, I swear!" But her pleas fell on deaf ears. The woman merely sneered, clearly not believing a word she said.
"Lies will only make your punishment worse," she growled, her eyes glinting with menace. "You're going to pay for this, slut. No one crosses me and gets away with it."
Dany cried, shaking her head and pleading, "Please believe me, I didn't fuck your man! I don't even know who he is. You have to let me go, this is all just a terrible mistake!"
The biker woman only sneered, clearly not believing Dany's protests. "Save your lies, whore. You've already sealed your fate." She took her foot off the motorcycle to kneel between Dany's thighs, her free hand trailing down over Dany's breasts to grasp at the base of the dildo embedded inside her. Dany gasped as the woman twisted it cruelly, and it came free of its mount with a click.
"Since you seem so eager to play with what's mine," the woman growled, "I'll make sure you get your fill." She began to slowly work the dildo in and out of Dany's slick channel, causing Dany to moan involuntarily. The woman chuckled darkly. "That's it, bitch. Scream for me."
Dany bit her lip, struggling in vain against the ropes holding her in place. She didn't want this, didn't want to give this madwoman the satisfaction. But as the dildo plunged into her again and again, she couldn't hold back a whimper of pleasure. Her body was betraying her, responding eagerly to the woman's ministrations despite her terror.
Crying out, Dany tried to make eye contact with her tormentor, trying to explain what she thought might be the cause for the biker female's anger. "It was just an accident, I had bent over while deleting some videos of myself and he thought it was an invitation. I didn't even see his face."
The biker woman picked up her pace, pounding the dildo into Dany's weeping pussy without mercy. With a twist of a dial, the intensity and frequency of the vibrations increased, and Dany cried out, torn between rapture and anguish as she was ravaged. She didn't understand how this was happening, why she was so helpless to resist. She wanted nothing more than to escape this madness, but she couldn't seem to muster the will to fight back. Her body had a mind of its own, craving the pleasure that was being wrung from it.
The woman grasped Dany's neck roughly once again. "Do you think I'm stupid? Did you really think you could get away with stealing my man like that?"
Dany whimpered, choking out the words, "I didn't steal anyone, I don't know anything about you or your man! It just happened that he was standing behind me at the time!"
Dany was sobbing in earnest now, though she couldn't say whether they were tears of pain or ecstasy. She was drowning in sensation, losing herself to the relentless assault on her senses. The world fell away around her until there was nothing left but the plunging dildo and the hands grasping her neck in a bruising grip. She screamed as she came undone, her climax crashing over her in waves that seemed to stretch endlessly. She was still trembling through aftershocks when she realized the dildo had been removed, and she was left aching and empty.
Dany twitched, her body jerking from the afthershock of the orgasm, still tied to the back of the motorcycle. Dany whisper, "Please, have mercy! I'm innocent, I swear it!"
But her pleas fell on deaf ears. The biker woman stroked Dany's cheek almost tenderly, smirked down at her in cruel triumph. "That's just the beginning, little slut. By the time I'm through with you, you'll have something to really beg for mercy." Dany shuddered, tears continuing to stream down her face. She had no doubt the woman meant every word. Her torment was only just beginning.