Chapter 02 – The Ride Home
Dear Reader: This story presents adult situations in graphic detail. It is not suitable for anyone under 18 years of age. The characters and situations in this story are entirely fictitious and any resemblance to actual people, places or events is coincidental.
"Bea! Did you just fondle the driver?" the pretty young woman asked her companion as they slipped into the back of the hire electro-limo.
The smaller of the two women laughed, "Yes, I did, Red. You should try it – Ivan is my favorite driver. I always ask for him when I call." Then she lowered her voice and confided, "He's hung like an elephant! You would not believe! If you want your vagina stretched at least three sizes larger than it is now, just take him on a detour into the park on your way to the train station."
"What?" Red gasped, a look of amazement on her pretty round face, "how do you know all about him?"
Bea explained, "He was taking me home from shopping one afternoon. We were making small talk over the intercom and he mentioned that his boss was making him work the entire day on his birthday. Feeling sorry for him, I had him stop at the curb and hopped into the front seat. I asked him if he wanted me to make his labours worthwhile and, when he didn't say no, I directed him to slowly circle around Hype Park a couple times. Then I unzipped his fly and reached in. Boy, was I surprised! By the time I fished all of him out of his trousers, I had a full two-fister in my hands and he wasn't even completely hard.
By the time he was fully erect, I had a real mouthful to work on and that was just the crown of his cock. I really struggled to get a quarter of him down my throat and even that much was painful. Finally, I just slobbered all over him and worked my mouth and hands over his huge member as best as I could. He wasn't complaining at all and when he finally did come, it was buckets full. I damn near drowned! You really should give him a try, if you're up for a challenge." Her laughter filled the cabin.
"I really don't think that I'm quite that adventurous," Red stammered, "that sounds like it would hurt too much to be fun."
"Well, I'll designate you as my next of kin when I next give it a try, just in case. But, I'm actually looking forward to it," the lithe, dark haired girl said wistfully as she stretched her long legs out in front of her.
"Are you planning to take him for a ride in the park?" the strawberry blonde joked.
"No," Bea replied and, lowering her voice to a whisper, she continued, "His wife and I have something planned for their anniversary in September. Remind me to tell you all about it when we get back to the flat."
"His wife?" Red asked incredulously. "How in the world did that come about? Or don't I want to know?"
Bea giggled, "Well, Ivan's huge member has a drawback in that he requires a long reflexive period. The afternoon that I gave him the blowjob in the park, he got home and his wife jumped his bones the minute he walked in the door. She had been waiting for him all afternoon and his birthday present was hot and very wet. When he couldn't get it up right away, he had to explain why and Irina was highly pissed, to say the least."
"I'll bet," her friend commented.
"When I found out about all the trouble that I had caused my favorite driver, I offered to try to make it up to him. Conveniently, Irina's birthday was coming up a few weeks after his, so I called her and offered a private showing of some of my favorite toys. After a little convincing, she agreed and we spent the afternoon of her birthday trying out a variety of things. We even tried out each other a few times. She is a big woman and I mean big in every way; I almost got lost in her pussy. By the time that Ivan got home, Irina couldn't even drag herself off of the bed. She must have cum fifteen or twenty times in a little over three hours! So, now we're all good friends."
"You are so hard to believe. I knew that you had an adventurous streak in you when we were together at Coll, but you now amaze me," the larger woman sighed. "Where did this wild side of you come from?"
Bea looked out the tinted window to see that they were jammed in midday traffic. Even after private vehicles were banned from central London in '22, the traffic congestion eased for only a couple years. Bea asked into the intercom, "How long do you think it will take to get home, Ivan?"
"Another ten to fifteen minutes, Ma'am," the intercom replied.
"OK, that should be fine."
"Well, old friend," she continued, addressing her ex-schoolmate, "I guess that you've got time for the whole story. You already know that I was raised by my Granny on a Western Australian sheep station until I was old enough to attend primary school. She is a full blooded Noongar who married a white sheep rancher. I learned most of my outdoor skills from her and my aunts and uncles. Then I was sent to live with Mums in Melbourne to go to primary school. On a typical day, after school I'd be minded by one of Mum's girls who wasn't working that night. Of course, just because they weren't on the clock didn't mean that they weren't entertaining customers on the side, so I got quite an education from ages six to thirteen.
I found out later that when I was eleven, his wife went mad and stabbed Daddy's older brother to death. She also poisoned their two sons and, since his oldest brother had died in a mountaineering accident many years before, Daddy unexpectedly became heir to the Baronetcy. Daddy's wife had always been sickly and never produced an heir, so I was his only offspring. Two years later, Daddy's first wife passed and he contacted Mums to propose marriage so he could make me his legitimate heir. Otherwise, the title to the ancestral estate might have fallen into the hands of an alcoholic third cousin."
"How could you be a Baron?" Red asked incredulously. "You're a woman!"
"The title predates the Act of Union and hence is subject to the conditions of peerage in effect when it was first granted. The Scots of the time allowed female inheritance," Bea continued patiently, "but, I really don't want it. Daddy's hoping that I'll produce an heir who can inherit directly from him."
"I guess that makes sense, Bea, but how did we wind up in Cheltenham together? How could your parents afford the expense?"
"Daddy didn't expect to inherit the title, so he joined the Civil Service after university and had quite a successful career in MI-5. He's supposedly been retired for four years now, but he is seldom at home. He is constantly flying off to some remote part of the planet to consult on some matter that he's never at liberty to discuss. He also married money.
Mum has been quite successful in her own right. One of her earliest regular customers is an investment banker who helped her invest her earnings. Hard work and natural talent allowed her to work her way up to where she now manages two licensed establishments in Melbourne that regularly employ over sixty-five girls and a dozen guys. She has also earned quite a bit in shrewd real estate speculation. I don't have any idea exactly what she's worth, but it's not small change. She also managed to invest most of the child support cheques that Daddy sent her for me. She says it's my university trust fund, but I suppose you could call it my dowry."
They both laughed heartily and Red commented, "Someone as beautiful as you certainly doesn't need any dowry! But, aren't you planning to attend university? You're certainly intelligent enough."
"I don't see any point in continuing my education until I've some idea of what I want to do with my life. I mean, I could easily take a degree in Math, but then what? And, if I took a degree in, say, Accounting, and then discovered that I really was meant to write romance novels, my university time would be wasted. Besides, I'm having too much fun right now."
Red looked sideways at her petite chum, "You still amaze me. But, you still haven't explained your wild side. I never saw it while we were in school."
"I can behave myself if I try hard. I wanted to do well in school and, besides, none of the obvious lesbians there interested me. They were all so shallow and superficial."
"I never realized that you were into women."
Red's companion responded with a twinkle in her deep brown eyes, "I am sexually omnivorous. Usually I prefer a nice hard cock, but occasionally I like a taste of something softer."
That was as far as they got, as the limo gently rolled to a stop at the curb in front of a stately old building on Archer Street where Bea had a flat on the top floor. The girls gathered their shopping bags and things as Ivan opened the door, holding the umbrella overhead. Bea grabbed Red's wrist and tugged her free hand toward the zipper of his trousers, starting a brief tug-o-war as soon as her friend figured out what was afoot. Nothing was said, but the look that Bea saw in the other girl's eyes convinced her to abandon her prank. Instead she turned to Ivan and said, "Please wait here until Mildred is packed and then you may drive her to St. Pancras to catch her train."
"Certainly, Ma'am."
With that, she tugged the larger woman by the hand toward the building before them. Ivan heard Mildred exclaim to Bea, "You are so naughty!" as they reached the unimpressive narrow doorway and he smiled knowingly.
To be continued.