This is a story for my wife. This is why I spent so much time in the bedroom at the cabin this summer. I hope you enjoy it.
The time had come to take my wife away for an exotic holiday for two, just her and I. Grandma and Granddad had volunteered to look after the kids while we went away, so once we got to the lake the three kids were taken care of.
We got married after a long courtship. We had many friends meet and get married while we were still dating, but we were not established yet. We had met in high school and started dating in grade 12 and continued all throughout university. We got married once we had both finished graduating as teachers and life has been kind to both of us.
My wife has always liked to travel and the perfect opportunity came up so I jumped on it. My wife knew we were leaving the kids with her parents, but she did not know where we were going.
Let me describe my wife – she is 42 years old, 5'6" and beautiful. She was never a woman who would win a bikini contest, as those women are too skinny for anyone, but she still turned heads when she walked by. She had 38 C/D breasts and matched the 70% hip to waist ratio.
She was the typical mom who helped at the school on her days off. I think if people found out about our sex life, they might be shocked, but then again since we never discussed sex with our friends, they might be into the same thing. Regardless of what others thought about our sex life, we both enjoyed it.
One time in Vegas I watched her from afar while she played the slots. Many men would walk by her and they would make a u turn to look at her again. It happens when we go walking at home or wherever we are. I do not care that men look; in fact it makes me proud to know it is I she is coming home to.
It takes three days to drive to the lake and when we got there, we had three days at the lake before we left on our trip. As we have gotten older, my wife's cycle has not been as regular as it once was, but for this month, she got her period just before we left to drive to the lake. Her period lasts six days, which meant that she finished her period just before we left on our exotic trip for two.
Our sex life I'd like to think is really good. On average we manage to have sex about eight to ten times a month. Not all those encounters are "get out the sex toys, tie me up, fuck me all night long", but we both feel satisfied afterwards and to cuddle with her afterwards makes my love for her stronger.
When we don't have sex we both miss it and usually the first time we have sex after her period is great. So even though she traveled while on her period meant that we did not have sex for that time frame, we knew that we were able to make up for it once we got to the resort.
While at the lake it was evident that we were both missing the physical connection that sex brings to us. We would pass each other in the kitchen and touch each other. We would comment on how good the lake water makes each other's skin look and feel good. Our kisses goodnight would last close to a minute instead of the usual two seconds. Hands while kissing would become more restless, but we knew that it only caused frustration.
On the day of the flight, my wife got up first and showered while I stayed in bed. I could hear the shower last longer than normal and that allowed me a chance to wake up longer. When she was finished in the bathroom she came into the bedroom and sat down on the bed and kissed me.
She leaned in close and told me that her period was over and if we had time for a quickie. I looked at the time and nodded. We both were horny, but just as she went to close the door, we heard her mom knock on the door making sure we were up.
They were having a conversation through the partially open door. I got out of bed and went behind her, still hidden from the door. She was still wrapped in her towel and my hands went to caress her legs and bottom. She was slapping them away and when the conversation stopped instead of shutting the door, she turned around and told me that we should wait and that she had a surprise for me. She pushed me out the door to shower while she got changed. it's a good thing her mother did not see me with my erection tenting my underwear.
The drive to the airport took two hours from the lake. I drove, my father in law in the passenger seat, my mother in law and my wife in the second row seats and the kids in the far back. We stopped at one of the local restaurants recommended on one of the Food Network shows; we like to eat at those places.
Finally we got to the airport, checked in our luggage, said good-bye to the kids and grandparents and headed towards the gate. At this point my wife realized that we were off to the Yucatan peninsula.
We were staying at an all-inclusive resort where she could sit by the pool, order any drink she wanted and then not worry about anything. If the weather was too hot, then she could go back to the room where the air conditioning could cool her down.
Once at the gate we had about an hour to wait for the plane. We pulled our Apple products out, connected to the wifi and browsed until just before they were ready to begin boarding the plane.
I have always had this sexual fantasy of joining the "mile high club" and for those who are members I must give you credit. Of the flights we've taken, there has never been the opportunity. Even to sneak back to the small cubicle of a toilet seems impossible to enjoy the sex act, but I was still hoping it would happen.
About five minutes before we started to line up and board, my wife used the washroom. As I was waiting for her she sent me a text. All it said was to make sure no one could read my screen.
I positioned myself with my back to a wall and the next text that came on my screen was an incredible selfie of my wife's pussy. She had shaved her pussy that morning in the shower. My wife had never gone full Brazilian before and there it was looking at me with no hair. The next text that came, all it said was "surprise". I thought maybe the mile high club could happen.
Well I was so surprised that my cock started to get hard thinking about her hairless pussy and when she arrive back to stand with me she noticed that my jacket was positioned to hang in front of me.
She walked with a bounce in her step and her smile was radiant. Men watched her come up to me and give me a quick kiss. She never alluded to the text she sent me. She did ask me if I had to use the restroom, with a glance to my crotch and a grin on her face, before the flight and I just shook my head.
She positioned herself in front of me as we moved through the line to get ready to board. As we proceeded to our seats there was one time that the line had not moved and as we stood there, her bum came into contact with my erection and all she said was "careful".
We had finally got to our seats. We were just in front of the wing and had the window seat and middle seat. She insisted that I take the window seat and she sat down in the middle seat. We thought we had lucked out when no one appeared to sit in the aisle seat, but the last two passengers to board came and sat down beside us in the aisle seat in our row and the aisle seat across from us
The couple was on their tri-annual trip and was about fifteen years older than us. They were kind and we chatted for most of the flight. Like us they were both teachers and had kids, but the kids were old enough to be on their own.
Just after the meal was served, the four of us concentrated on our partners and my wife leaned over to me to whisper that she knew that joining the mile club was my fantasy, but she couldn't do it. She then told me that she'd make it up to me when we got to the resort and into bed.
With those words, my cock reacted and she did not help when her hand accidentally on purpose strayed over to my lap to give my member a stroke or two. I know that the lady sitting next to her saw my wife jerk me as she gave me a wink, but that was about all we did that was frisky during the flight.
Throughout the conversation we found out that they were staying in a private house owned by a friend of theirs. They had used the place every three years for the past nine years, so they were familiar with the area. They were so easy to talk to and although they were older in age, their spirit and actions seemed to be our age. We got along so well that just before we landed we exchanged our contact information.
When we landed we said our goodbyes and waited for our luggage. We got in line for the shuttle to take us to the resort but before we could board, the couple came up to us and offered to drive us to our resort. They had rented a car so that allowed us to continue to chat on the ride to the resort.
We were dropped off and us men shook hands with each other while the ladies hugged and kissed. When it came to exchange goodbyes with the wives, she came and hugged me and gave me a peck on the lips and the husband hugged my wife and kissed her as well. We did not think it was sexual; we felt it was their way of saying goodbye to close friends. It was different to have become close friends in the short amount of time we had with each other.
We checked in and were led to our room; it was beautiful but it was not the one we had expected. We had booked a simple king size bed with a view and instead we got a suite. This room as soon as you walked in had a balcony, kitchen, a living room, and then two king size bedrooms. Each bedroom had its own bathroom and the bathroom attached to the main bedroom exhibited luxury.
The showers in each room were spa like. With jets that sprayed from everywhere including a small waterfall feature from the ceiling. The tubs were built for two people and had a picture window that provided a view of the ocean.
The porter had told us that they were very busy that weekend and that was why we were the lucky ones to receive the upgrade to this room. I tipped him well and off he went. He made a promise to take real good care of us while we were there.
My wife went on to the balcony and just stood there watching the ocean with her hands on the railing. It was perfect; we could have never afforded anything like this. The sun was shinning, the warm wind blew her hair and her dress gently ballooned. She looked beaming standing there.
I came up behind her and wrapped my arms around her. I kissed her neck and she fell into my embrace. My hands caressed her sides and stomach and ventured north to her breasts. I could feel her nipples become hard under my fingers. My hips grinded into her bottom and she returned the feeling.
My short kisses followed her neckline up to her ear; I could feel the goosebumps on her arm. She turned to me and kissed me. We stood there on that balcony kissing like lovers. Our hands touching each other but keeping it clean for all those who could see us.
I grabbed her hand and pulled her to the bedroom. I undressed her and when she was naked I laid her on the bed and positioned my face between her legs. I just wanted to look at her hairless pussy. It looked so sexy. Her labia were open and ready for my tongue. She just lied back and allowed herself to enjoy the pleasure my tongue gave her. It did not take her long to cum all over my face.
I love it when she cums. Her breathing becomes rapid and I can taste the fluid she expels from her pussy. Her entire body becomes stiff and she sort of sits up and reaches out. She admits this quiet, high pitched moan and grabs my head, then when she is done riding the wave of pleasure, she collapses on the bed.
She did not move after she came. She lied there and allowed me to kiss and lick her pussy region. I can tell she wants the next stage when she touches my head with her hand and tells me "that was wonderful".
She moved her leg so I could move up and she grabbed my cock. There are sometimes after I lick her that my penis has gone flaccid, but that afternoon, in that bedroom, my cock was rock hard.
She took my cock in her mouth and swirled her tongue around my cockhead. She flicks the part of my cock where the shaft meets the head. She knows how I enjoy that. She also knows how I like to watch her suck me. She lied on her side and made sure that her face was facing me. Every now and then she looked up at me as my cock was in her mouth. I just smiled back at her.
When her neck got tired she sat up and mounted me. The noise she makes as I first entered her could make me cum. She got use to having me inside of her and then we started to move as one. We looked into each other's eyes as our hips grinded into each other. We enjoyed that physical connection that sex brings to us.
When she wanted me to move faster, she spread her legs and just moved her ass up and down on my shaft. When she wants a hard faster fuck, I held her ass, she moved her legs into a frog position and then I thrust up fast. The noises she makes and the feeling of her pussy wrapped around my cock brought me to that edge.
I flipped her over so she was on her back and I entered her with one quick motion. She encouraged me with her sweet voice to cum and with her consent, I went as fast and as long as I could until I came.
We just lied there in post coital bliss. Me exhausted lying on top of her, my cock slowly losing its erection. Her hands were caressing my back as we realized that we were alone for the next week. She tapped my back and that signaled that she needed to get to the washroom to wipe my cum out of her. I lifted off of her and as she was using the washroom I got dressed so we could see what the resort had to offer.
She joined me and we headed off to see the resort. It really was a great resort. They had pools and hot tubs, an exercise room and beach chairs, hammocks and snack bars, restaurants and a golf course. They also offered tours to see the ruins in the area or to go snorkeling.
We knew that we would be able to keep ourselves busy for the next week. We truly were on a trip that we could remember for years to come.
By the afternoon of the fourth day we felt spoiled. A typical day for us was to get up and go exercise. Some mornings that meant going for a brisk four mile an hour walk or eighteen holes of golf or laps in the pool. Then we'd head back to the room for sex if we didn't do it elsewhere. One morning while I was in the shower she joined me. Another morning we waited until we both had showered and had sex in the bed.
The morning we swam laps, my wife pulled me into a change room, pulled her suit down and bent over, her hands resting on the bench. It did not take long for me to get hard and to finish in her. If there was anyone in the next change room they could hear her soft moans and the slap slap slap of my hips smacking into her bum.
During golf the next day, on the sixth hole, I purposefully hit a ball into a wooded area and convinced her to help me look for the ball. Behind a big tree I pulled her tight, got on my knees and licked her pussy. She had to grab my head for support when she came as she almost fell over.
When she went to her knees to relieve me of my sexual tension, I stopped her and pointed out my ball. She rearranged her clothing and I played my ball. You could tell she wanted my cock. When we drove in the cart, many times she reached over and grabbed my cock.
By the time we hit the sixteenth hole, there were no players in front of us and no parties waiting to play the hole behind us, that meant we had some privacy. She leaned over in the golf cart seat and blew me right there in the fairway. It did not take long before she had a mouthful of cum to swallow.
By the time our morning exercise was over we would go and eat at the various restaurants and then head to the pool or ocean for a couple of hours of sun time. My wife would read her e-reader and I would either fall asleep or watch my wife (and sometimes the other ladies).
After lunch we'd go for walks, or swim in the ocean or pool. The day we swam in the morning, we ended up going for a tour to the ruins. They really are amazing especially after you think of how primitive the cultures were and what they had to build such structures.
Wherever we went, we held hands. It was if this vacation was allowing us to strengthen our love for each other. While exploring the ruins we contemplated sneaking off to enjoy a private sexual moment, but we did not see an opportunity.
In the evening, we would head back to the room, get showered and dressed and head out for dinner. We were having a great time just relaxing and finding time to be a couple again. Some nights we danced some nights we went for a walk on the beach. By the time we were back into our room to sleep our sexual energy was peaked again so we would make love to each other then fall asleep.
On the fourth night, when was I getting changed for supper, my wife was checking her messages and the couple we met on the plane contacted us. They wanted to know if they could take us out for lunch the next day. We contacted them back in agreement and made plans for them to come pick us up and show us around.
That morning we slept in and had a light breakfast. By the time we made it back to our room, we had a short amount of time to have sex, but it would have been rushed like the changing room at the pool so we did not bother. We got ready and headed to the designated spot to wait for our friends.
We spotted them waiting for us and we were greeted with open arms and kisses. The husband opened the front passenger side for my wife then opened the rear driver side for his wife. We got in our respected seats and drove on to our destination.
Throughout the drive we had different conversations going on. Sometimes the wife spoke and pointed out things to me, while the husband did the same to my wife. Other times, the wife pointed out things to the entire car, as did the husband. They were witty and fun to be with. I did not think twice when the wife would tap my thigh to get me to look at things, or when she literary leaned into me to take a closer look at things on my side of the car.
When we arrived at our destination, it took about an hour and it looked horrible from the outside. It was this derelict building and our guests could tell by our faces that we were hesitant to enter. They laughed at us and told us that we liked to eat at food network type of locations and this place has the best authentic Mexican food they had ever had.
When we entered, this little old Mexican lady showed us to our seats. She was very gracious we were there. She sat the husband and my wife on one side and me and the wife on the other side. I could not believe how well we all got along. When I watched the interaction of the husband to his wife it seemed as genuine as my marriage. They were also very much in love as we were. They ordered lunch for everyone after discussing what we enjoyed eating.
When lunch was brought, we marveled at how tasty it was. Everything was from scratch and made fresh to order. My wife and I both agreed that we don't think we had tasted anything like it before and maybe the Food Network should take a tour down here for some good locations to try.
At one point during the conversation a sexual reference was brought up by the wife and the husband was the one to tell her that the guests (us) did not want to discuss that part of life.
My wife was the one to tell him that it was okay; after all, we were all married adults here who had kids so everyone knows what happens in the bedroom. I then added that sex was a part of life and if it was not fun, then you are doing it wrong. That brought a smile to everyone's face and we all relaxed even more.
Lunch took just over an hour so when we got back to the car we had more time to explore. We got back into our seats and drove off. They pointed out historical churches and museums. They drove along fields of crops and we sampled some local roadside stands. As we drove along we noticed lots of cars parked along side the road. When we asked where the people were the couple replied that they were at the best beach. So we stopped the car and walked to the beach; they were right, it was pristine shoreline.
Small white grains of sand with crystal clear blue water allowed people to experience beach life. We walked along the waters edge, holding hands with our partners. Love was in the air for all four of us. After a short walk we sat down and I noticed that people were coming from over a ridge on the other side of the beach. When I asked what was over there, they replied that was the clothing optional beach.
My wife did not hear the answer and the wife told her that was where all the people went to look at others people's privates. My wife blushed at that comment and we all laughed at my wife's embarrassment. Now I had been to a nude beach back home, but my wife had not.
I was surprised when my wife asked the couple if they had been over there and they had. The husband admitted that the first time they went, he had to spend some time on his stomach, as he got excited at seeing his wife naked in public. He explained that it was hard (pun intended) to see the love of his life naked for anyone who wanted to look at her and that it was erotic. The wife chimed in that he was only a little excited and we all got a good laugh when she held up her pinky finger.
When I threw out the suggestion that we go over and check it out, no one disagreed. So off we went and walked over the ridge. Sure enough as soon as we went over the ridge no one was wearing clothes. All kinds of people were there. Short, tall, skinny, fat, big boobs, no boobs, big thin dicks and short fat dicks were all out in the open for anyone to see. Just like the beach at home, no one cared what others look liked.
I am not sure who started to remove clothing first, but within a couple of minutes of walking over the ridge, all four of us were naked and it was not uncomfortable. The husband was right; it was not easy to keep from getting an erection. It was not from looking at our friends or any other person on that beach. It was from watching my wife lying naked. All the men who walked by her could see her hairless pussy and her breasts.
Sure I did look at our friends. She had smaller breasts but they hung higher on her chest. Her pussy was full grown. She trimmed some hair to tidy herself up, but she or her husband liked lots of hair down there. He was athletic in his build, not much fat on him, but his size down there was small and I don't think he was a "grower" judging from his wife's pinky comment.
Yes they did look at us. My wife carried some extra weight on her body but that allowed her to have big breasts. They saw her shaved pussy and the dimpling on her ass. When they looked at me they saw a man who had been an athlete, but the mid life spread was there. A small, fat belly hung around my waistline but my chest and arms had the odd work out.
Down below, they saw my shaved cock. It was as average as it could be. According to all the info on the Internet, my cock when flaccid or erect was literary the definition of the average penis size. Okay technically it is a quarter inch larger when erect, but that does not matter.
This is how close of a friendship we had created within a short time frame. We were able to chat and have fun and joke at or with each other all while we had no clothing on. There was nothing-sexual going on between any of us. The husband did not lust after my wife, or I his. His wife did not try to get me someplace private so we could fuck and my wife did not fantasize about having his cock inside of her.
We realized we should be going when we all started to look a little pink and we realized that certain body parts should not get sunburnt. We put our clothes back on and headed back to the car. On our way back to our resort we asked them to stay for supper, but they declined. They were not prepared, but we insisted that the next day they come to the resort and stay with us. As we had the second bedroom, they could stay and enjoy the alcohol without the worry about driving back.
They agreed and before we all realized we were back at the resort. Again hugs and kisses all around were given as we said our goodbyes. It was about suppertime so my wife and I headed to the restaurant. Over supper and drinks we discussed our day with our friends and what the plans for tomorrow should be.
After supper we walked on the beach and found a hammock to lie in. It was a great feeling to have my wife in my arms while lying there. We were caressing each other while we watched the sunset.
While lying there I asked her about the nude beach. She agreed it was weird to sit in front of them naked. When I asked my wife if she "checked them out" she just smiled and told me she did it as much as I did it. I asked her if she was attracted to them. Again she replied what I had thought. The attraction was there, but not in a sexual manner.
With that I kissed her and she kissed me back. Our hands started to get busier and our kisses more lustful. We tried to keep our passion from getting carried away, but when my hand found her bottom her left leg made its way onto my hip. We tried to get our genitals as close as possible without being indecent. She could feel my hardness trying to be released from the constraints of my shorts. My hand found her breast and hardened nipple.
She moaned into my mouth. Her hand grabbed at my chest, scratching it as it went south. When she found my zipper she unzipped me and reached in. She found my hard cock, precum already moistening the cockhead. I reached for her skirt and bunched it at her hip, there were no panties worn after the beach. She looked at me and I at her as she took my member in her hand and found the entrance of her pussy.
Could you tell if we were having sex if you looked at us? You could definitely tell that we were grinding our hips at each other and the hammock was swinging, but unless you were within five feet of us and saw my cock go in and out of her pussy, you could not be sure.
The desire we had for each other, there on the beach that night was amazing. We made love on that hammock until my cock reached its boiling point. As I came inside my wife that night our love reached a crescendo.
We just lied there and looked into each other's eyes as my softening cock withdrew from her pussy. I could tell she was somewhat uncomfortable with my cum leaking out of her pussy, but we did not want to move. When we finally did move from that hammock, she discreetly took her underwear out of her purse so she could tidy up the mess I made inside of her.
Back in the room, I made sure that my tongue gave her the loving she deserved. I could have licked her all night long if she allowed me. She told me that she was fully satisfied before we fell asleep.
The next morning, our sixth, we went snorkeling on a tour. The vibrant colours of the fish and the variety of sealife made the trip worth it. Our friends were coming to the resort in the afternoon, so after a quick lunch at the snack bar, we readied ourselves for our guests.
When the couple met up with us, we were on the lounge chairs by the pool. Drinks were flowing, as was the wonderful banter between the four of us. When we needed more sunscreen the person closest to that person put it on. It was not uncommon for me or my wife to apply sunscreen to the wife or her husband and vice versa.
Before suppertime, we all went back to the room. Our friends had never been inside the rooms and admired how exquisite it was. We told them to make the second bedroom their home for the night. We went to shower and change in our room and they did the same in their bedroom.
I showered first and was preparing drinks when the wife came out of the bedroom. She was wearing a lovely oriental dress, but she was having a hard time zipping up the back. She asked if I could help her, so without a second thought, I went over to where she was. She had flipped her hair up and was holding it and then she turned around. The zipper went from just above her buttocks to her neck.
As I zipped it up I could not help but notice that she was wearing no bra or panties. When she turned around to thank me she kissed me softly on the lips. She looked stunning in the dress. It was tight fitting and she had the figure to pull it off. When she saw me check out the dress she told me that her husband purchased it for her.
At that point the husband and my wife joined us for drinks. The conversation flowed, as did the drinks. I started out making martinis and we switched to wine or beer. By the time our supper reservation was near, we each had three or four drinks in us.
We were all in a giggling happy mood when we reached the restaurant. Food was ordered and so were drinks. When the dancing started we danced with our respected spouses then switched partners; this continued all night. Every other dance was with our spouse; it did not matter if it was a fast song or a slow song. If we needed to take a break a fresh drink awaited us back at our table.
When last call was announced that was our cue to head back to the room. On the way back to the room, hands were held with our partners. My wife and I's tradition in an elevator was to kiss each other; it was something we started in high school. So once in the elevator we kissed and so did our friends.
Back in the room the husband and I sat on the couch while the wives made everyone once last drink. When the drinks were ready the wives came and sat on our laps. We all just sat there on the couch drinking our drinks and for the first time since we met each other it became awkward.
I know everyone was thinking about sex and if it might happen, but it was me that asked the other couple if they'd like to join us in the bedroom. I explained that as much as I would love to see us all make love to each other, it would be more erotic to watch each other with our married spouse.
My wife stood and pulled me up then we each extended a hand to the other couple. The four of us walked into the bedroom, stood at the base of the bed, where I embraced my wife. At first we just hugged and caressed each other then we kissed. When we came up for air, our friends were kissing and the husband was tugging the zipper down his wife's back.
I moved behind my wife and got her to raise her arms. I lifted off her shirt and undid her bra. Then I went and undid her skirt and let it pool to the ground around her feet. Both women stood in the room facing each other completely naked.
My wife loves it when I use my fingertips to touch her lightly all over her body. As I stood behind her I touched her chest and surrounded her breasts. I noticed that whatever I did to my wife, the husband did the same to his wife. When I came to my wife's nipples, they were hard. I tweaked them and she moaned softly. When my hands touched her sides and abdomen she gave a shudder.
I could see the wife watch my hands and looked at my wife for her reaction. My wife's own hands wrapped around the back of my head. I kissed her neck, her jawline and up to her ear. I even licked her spine which gave her a huge shutter.
My fingers moved south to my wife's pussy region. The husband's fingers were already in his wife's pussy. He was tracing the outline of her lips and they were glistening with moisture. The wife had large labia and her clitoris was more pronounced. When the husband flicked her clit, she buckled.
I am sure my wife was watching them as I pleasured her with my fingers. I did not want my wife to cum yet so I stopped fingering her pussy and played with her breasts. My wife took her hands from around the back of my neck and moved them to try and undo the buttons on my top. When the angle did not work for her, she turned around to face me.
I dropped my hands and allowed her to take off my clothes. When I was naked she sat me down on the bed and she got on her knees. There were the two men sitting naked on the bed and their wives were servicing their cocks with their mouths. Yes I watched the wife suck off her husband and he watched my wife use her tongue on me.
Both women knew how to suck cock and please their husband. We were all in sync. When my wife stopped sucking me, the wife did the same. When the wife used her hand on her husband's cock my wife did the same to me. When my wife's jaw got tired the wife stopped as well.
I pulled my wife up from the floor and laid her on the bed. The husband did the same to his wife. We then positioned our heads in front of our wives pussy and licked them until they came. The wife came first moaning and calling her husbands name as she peaked over his face. They both just lied there embracing, watching us, while I licked, sucked, and flicked my tongue over my wife's clit.
My wife came and then we all moved to the final act. It was as if this was planned and coordinated on what each couple would do. The husband got his wife on all fours while mine spread her legs to welcome me from on top. Both the husband and myself were in rhythm as we moved inside our wives.
As much as we were aware that another couple was making love beside us, we really only concentrated on our partners. If we caught the eye of the other couple it was not awkward or embarrassing, we smiled and looked back to our partner. We did not judged each other on their technique of lovemaking or the noises we made.
We each moved from position to position to position. I have found the best way to cum is when my wife is on her back and I am on top of her between her legs. That night I sat back on my heels, grabbed her legs and position them in a V shape and thrust as quickly as I could. I could sense the moment arriving and so did my wife. With her giving me encouragement to cum, I went as hard and as fast as I could and exploded inside of her.
Four contractions of cum left my cock and entered my wife. I collapsed on top of her as she stroked my head, shoulders and back. When I got too heavy for her, I withdrew and spooned with her to watch our friends finish their lovemaking.
She was on top on him riding his cock. His hands were on her breasts, pulling and tweaking her nipples. Her hands were on her clit, touching and rubbing it trying to set off an orgasm again. When they were close, she got off of him laid down on her right side and lifted her left leg. He got in behind her and we watched as his cock slid into her open pussy from behind. We got a front view of the husband thrusting into his wife's pussy.
The wife's hands had worked her clit enough to be ready to cum and as if on cue, she told him she was ready and if he was. He grunted in agreement and with that, her hands made her cum as his thrusting made him cum. We were so close to our friends that we could see the husband's testicles tense and release three times into his wife.
We all just lied there on the bed. It was an unbelievable feeling to be in the bed after making love to my wife and had another couple do the exact same thing. We were all at peace. When the wives removed themselves to go wash up, there was no apprehensive moments. The husband and I did not high five or concoct some plan to have sex with each other's wife. He simply got up, picked up his and his wife's clothes, said good night and left for his bedroom. His wife hollered goodnight and so did mine when she returned from the washroom.
My wife and fell asleep right away and I heard snoring from the other room before I was asleep. I was the first one up and I started the coffee. By the time it was brewed, the other couple was up and my wife had joined us all on the balcony. This was our last day here and we had to be checked out and ready to go on the shuttle in the afternoon.
Our friends asked us if they could drive us to the airport, but we knew that wouldn't work for them. We politely declined and told them that the shuttle was already booked and it would be an inconvenience for them. As they tried to deny it, they did eventually agree.
Over breakfast they wanted us to know that they had never done anything like what happened last night and they hope our friendship would not be spoiled. We agreed that last night was one in a million and we hoped that our friendship could continue when we got back to real life.
Kisses, hugs, and tears were received and delivered when we parted ways for the last time. They went back to their private house and we went back to the room to pack. On the plane ride home my wife and I reminisced about the trip of a lifetime.
The in-laws and kids picked us up from the airport. We were all happy to see each other. It took a while to hear from our friends, but we have stayed in touched. Schedules and distances have made it difficult to see each other again, but no matter how far apart we are or however long it will be until we see each other again, we all know that our friendship will stand the strength of time.
The End.