Author's Notes: -
Before you read this part I strongly suggest that you read the earlier parts before reading this.. It will give you the background that will make this part a lot more enjoyable.
V
*****
I got up on the Sunday morning feeling quite excited. After breakfast I showered and shaved everywhere below my neck. I'd already decided what I was going to wear, a skater type, very short skirt and no knickers; and a silk type cami top with no bra. My permanently hard nipples would tell the world that I was horny.
Having said that, I looked at myself in the mirror and chickened out. Not with what I was wearing, but with having my nipples so prominently tenting the cami top. I got out a little denim jacket and put that on top, reasoning that I'd take it off just as soon as I arrived at the rugby clubhouse.
The getting ready part was exciting but as I walked to the underground station I got a bit nervous. My little skirt was bouncing about and I felt good, but nervous. I was going to a rugby club full of hunky men, well hopefully, and I was wearing next to nothing. As I sat on the train the vibrations made the nervousness get replaced with memories of being groped and made to cum, possibly on that very same carriage.
As I walked towards the rugby club there were 2 girls walking towards me. I overheard one say,
"The fucking bastard, I've a good mind to report them to someone; we'd both make great cheerleaders."
I smiled and thought,
"You've got to be joking; you'd be better applying for the job as the Michelin Man." (The symbol of the tyre manufacturer).
I was still smiling as I turned into the rugby ground and saw about 20 young men playing rugby. I nearly tripped over something as I walked to the clubhouse still watching the men in their short shorts and hunky bodies.
"Hi, I'm Duke, you must be Millie, right?"
"Hi Duke, yes, that's me." I replied looking the 30 something cute guy up and down.
"So pleased that you made it; you look perfect for the job."
"Well err, thank you, but don't you want to interview me?"
"Yes, of course, can I get you a drink or anything Millie?"
"No thank you."
"Right, come and have a seat and let's talk."
I sat on the wooden chair, feeling the cold on my bare butt.
Duke then started talking about the team, how many players they'd got, about the trophies that they'd won, the clubhouse; all the sort of things that I'd expected. Then Duke told me that they were going through a bad spell; that they'd got the talent but just couldn't put it all together. The committee, that he was chairman of, as well as the Coach, had come up with the idea of getting some cheerleaders to boost morale and give the boys some incentive to sort themselves out.
"So you want a few girls to dance and do some cartwheels or something at the side of the pitch?"
"Something like that, but it wouldn't be restricted to game day, there would be practice days, like this morning, and in the clubhouse as well. We'd provide the uniforms for you to wear. We've already got one set laid-out over there. There's three uniforms, one for matches, one for practices and one for wearing in the clubhouse. Would you like to have a look at them?"
Duke got up and I followed him over to a table at the other side of the room. I could see cards with names on them, 'match', 'practice' and 'clubhouse'.
I looked at the 'match' uniform. It was in their team colours and wasn't that dis-similar to what I was wearing except that the top was a halter top. The skirt was just as short as the one I had on.
"No underwear then?" I asked.
"Yes, in that tin."
"What?"
"Body paint. We thought that you could paint a pair of knickers on. We don't want any spectators getting upset do we?"
"So you'd expect us to dance around, do cartwheels and handstands and goodness knows what else, wearing just that top and that skirt?"
"And the body paint."
"And what part of my body am I supposed to paint?"
"Oh don't worry about that, one of the lads will put that on for you."
"All this is a bit sexist and degrading isn't it?"
"As I explained to the other 2 girls Millie, we don't do politically correct here. We're all proper men and we don't give a damn about all these women's lib things or all this racism crap. No one here is a racist. You've probably noticed that 3 of the guys are black. What you probably haven't heard yet is the white guys calling them coons or black bastards or niggers. You also won't have heard the black guys calling the white guys white honkeys or white trash either. Well you will; name calling goes on all the time. Just remember, it's not WHAT you say, it's the way that you say it, and here it's all done in a friendly way between friends so no one even thinks about racism. Everyone in this team, this club is a friend of everyone else in the club and they will do anything for ANY of the other members regardless of age, background, job, colour of their skin or sex. Well the sex part became part of it when we decided that we wanted some cheerleaders"
"Wow Duke, that was some little speech and it was good to hear it. It's all good with me, now, I see that there are no shoes with the uniforms."
"I was hoping that you'd all be able to provide your own white pumps for outside and some high heels for inside."
"Probably a good idea." I replied
I moved to the 'practice' uniform and lifted the microskirt up. There was nothing underneath it.
I smiled and said,
"Running around outside in just this belt eh Duke?"
"Yep, don't worry, the grounds aren't overlooked it will just be the team that will see your tits bouncing about. And we wouldn't expect you to be out there when it's really cold."
"Well that's good to know but my tits aren't really big enough to 'bounce' about."
"They're just the right size for me Millie."
I smiled and the tingling spread from my pussy to my nipples.
Next I looked at the 'clubhouse' card.
"So haven't you bought the clubhouse uniform yet?" I asked.
"Nothing to buy; that's it."
"But there's nothing there."
"Exactly, you'll be stark naked; except for your shoes, you'll need to wear high heels, we've got to please the lads. A happy team is a winning team."
"Hmm, right, I see. So how much will you be paying your cheerleaders?"
"Money! We were rather hoping that you'd do it for the team. After all we're just a local team. The lads will want to buy lots of drinks for you and you'll be welcome to help yourself to any food that's laid on but money; doubtful. We've been working on the principal that if you saw the advert on Craig's List then you're just out for a good time; and you'll certainly get that here."
"Hmm, was that shewed idea yours Duke?"
"Yes it was actually."
"I thought so. So have you got any other girls yet Duke?"
"Yes we have. We've had 9 applicants so far. Most of them were ugly or fat so the interview only lasted a couple of minutes but 3 of them were nearly as cute as you. One said that she wouldn't do it unless she got paid."
I smiled and remembered the Michelin girls.
"So you've already got 2 girls that are prepared to get naked for the team."
"Yep."
"Are you expecting them to let your team fuck them Duke?"
"That's up to them Millie. We may all be sexist pigs but none of us would force ourselves on a girl. That's just not right."
"Good answer Duke. Well, I guess that you've now got 3 cheerleaders. Oh, I nearly forgot; what about kids and parents?"
"Phew, you had me worried for a bit there Millie, the lads would never forgive me if I let someone as good looking as you slip through my fingers. And no, the lads wouldn't dream of bringing any family members. Occasionally a girlfriend will appear but not very often."
"You haven't got your fingers on me yet Duke. When do I start?"
"Awesome Mille, the lads will be real happy."
"So when are the practice sessions Duke?"
"Wednesday evenings and Sunday mornings, that's what's going on out there right now. Then the game is in the afternoon. Just about all games are here because we've got a pitch but the odd one is somewhere else. We usually borrow a minibus to get there. Will that be a problem Millie?"
"Unlikely but if it ever is I'll let you know. So do you want me back here on Wednesday or would you like me to start now?"
"Wow, you're keen to get your kit off Millie. The lads will be in very soon for some lunch then the opposition will be arriving just before the game. You'd be on your own today; the other 2 girls aren't going to be here till Wednesday. I'll understand if you want to give today a pass."
"No, no, I may as well meet the guys today. I'd forgotten about the other teams, do you ever get and girlfriends of kids coming with them?"
"The odd girlfriend driving some of them here but apart from that no."
"Good, I'd hate to be accused of corrupting kids or upsetting old prudes."
"No, you're okay there Millie, we wouldn't have advertised for cheerleaders if there were going to be any problems like that. We've assumed that you wouldn't mind getting changed in one of the changing rooms; we've got one for the home team, and one for the away team. Take your pick, make yourself at home, have a wander around and get to know the place, I've just got to finish getting the lunches ready. Oh, the bar will stay closed until after the game but you are welcome to indulge if you want, just help yourself. Oh shit, I don't suppose you've got a pair of pumps in that bag of yours have you?"
"Don't worry Duke, I'll go barefoot today."
"Thanks Millie, you're a life saver." Duke replied as he came over to me, hugged me, and slipped his hands up the back of my skirt and squeezed my bare bum.
"Nice butt Millie." Duke said as he turned and walked off leaving me just standing there.
A couple of seconds later it hit me. I'd just volunteered to get naked in front of 15 or 20 young men; no, 30 or 40 when the other team arrived; and then go outside to cheer on the team wearing just a skirt that was short enough to be mistaken for a belt. Wow, I surprise myself at times.
I felt my pussy tingle and my nipples ache.
And what were all those horny young studs going to do to me? I nearly orgasmed just thinking about it.
I turned and looked around. The doors were all labelled so I went through the one labelled 'Changing Rooms' and saw 2 more doors, 'Home' and 'Away'.
Going into the 'Home' room I saw lockers, benches, a toilet cubicle, urinals, and a big open shower. I imagined me in there with a 15 naked young men.
The orgasm got a little closer.
I opened some locker doors until I found an empty one and started getting naked. That only took seconds then I just stood there looking round again.
"Here goes Millie." I said to myself, and started walking out of there in just my shoes.
As I opened the door to the main room and walked through I got one hell of a shock. Fifteen or twenty rugby players started clapping and cheering. The quick attack of shock quickly turned to embarrassment and my hands moved to cover my tits and pussy.
Two seconds later I said to myself,
"Don't be so stupid Millie. This is what you want; move those bloody hands."
I did, felt my nipples ache a little and my pussy get even wetter then smiled at the guys and said,
"Hi guys, I'm Millie and I'm one of your cheerleaders."
"A nude cheerleader." I just about heard over the cheering.
"Okay guys, leave her alone," I heard Duke say after a few seconds; "there'll be plenty of time for you to get to know her and drool over her cute little tits and dripping pussy later. You need to get fed and then changed ready for the game. The other team is due in 15 minutes."
With a few groans the majority of the guys turned and headed to the food tables.
"Are you going to be okay Millie?" I heard Duke say, as a couple of the guys stepped over to me.
"Yeah, sure," I replied, "I'm sure that all these guys will be perfect gentlemen."
"You look good Mille, really nice nipples." Duke said before turning and walking away.
The 2 guys nearest me started talking to me and looking at my tits. They asked me all sorts of questions, most of the time with their eyes on my chest. I kind of liked that.
The guys sort of rotated around getting some food and getting changed and talking to me. I got asked a few questions over and over.
After a few minutes Duke called for silence then said,
"Right guys, 2 things, firstly there will be 2 more new cheerleaders here on Wednesday evening dressed like Millie when inside here; and secondly, I know that you guys will treat them all with respect but I'm not so sure about all the guys in the other teams that come here so please look after our new cheerleaders. If anyone does anything to upset any of the girls take it out on them on the pitch not on in here or the carpark. Okay?"
Just them, another guy came up to me and introduced himself as Jake, the captain.
"Duke's right Millie, you shouldn't have any problems with my team but if you do just let me know and I'll sort it out. As for other teams, I'll make sure that one of my guys is with each of you all the time."
"Oh thanks Jake, that's really nice of you."
"You're so welcome Millie, and are your nipples always that big and hard?"
"How do you know that they're hard Jake? You haven't felt them yet."
Jake smiled at me and his right hand reached over and held my left nipple between his index finger and thumb and I moaned.
"They're hard." He said as his hand opened and cupped my whole tit.
"Keep them warm for us Millie. Gotta go, I can hear a load of voices outside. The opposition is here."
Just then the door opened and a whole load more young men walked in, some of them colliding with their team mates in front as they stopped when they saw me.
My pussy got the same feeling as it did when I'd walked into that room without anything on.
When they were all inside, Jake spoke,
"Hi guys, welcome. I'm Jake, the Captain of this team. As you've already seen, we now have some cheerleaders. Unfortunately, only one of them is here today and she'll be outside running along the side line cheering our guys on. I do hope that she'll distract you enough so that we have an easy win. Just one word of warning, don't upset any of our cheerleaders. If you do, your team will not be welcome back here. Right, you know where the changing rooms are and kick-off is in 30 minutes."
There wasn't a rush for the guys from the other team to go and get changed. For some strange reason they all wanted stay and look at me and most of our team were back and ready to play before the other team's coach finally told them to get a move on.
All the time there was a steady stream of guys coming over to me to talk to me and get a closer look as I stood there in the middle of the room.
It was REALLY exciting standing there, totally naked, and being the only girl in a room full of young men. If I'd wanted to I'm sure that I could have asked any one, or maybe all of them, to fuck me; but at that moment, I just wanted them to look at me. I could feel my juices running down my inner thighs and I wondered how many of them noticed.
How I didn't orgasm just standing there I shall never know.
A man in a black shirt, black shorts and rugby boots walked in and did a double take when he saw me. Duke approached him and they talked for a few minutes before Duke started telling both teams to go out to the pitch.
When they'd all gone he came over to me and asked me if I was okay. I said that I was, not telling him that I was soo close to cumming.
"Right Millie, you're handling all this quite well so far, you need to put the match uniform on. We've got to let everyone know which team you belong to."
"I wouldn't have thought that that was a problem but hey, I'll need something to keep me warm."
I went over to the table where the 3(?!) uniforms were and started putting the halter top on. I deliberately fastened the body strings very loosely, wanting the risk of my tits escaping.
The skirt went on in seconds then I picked up the tin of paint.
"Would you do this for me please?" I asked Duke.
"Sure, hop up on the table."
I did; then spread my legs.
Duke looked at my pussy then said,
"I think that I'd better get a towel."
I think that I blushed but Duke wasn't there to see my face, he was already on his way for a towel.
He returned with a roll of paper towels and offered a couple of sheets to me.
"Can you do it please Duke?"
Duke looked at me and smiled.
"Sure."
Duke started by wiping the insides of my thighs and moving up. Before he wiped my pussy with the towel he touched my clit with a finger. An orgasm exploded out of me and I sat there shaking, and I think I was saying,
"Thank you, thank you."
When I calmed down I looked at Duke's face.
"I thought that you needed that Millie."
"Yes, yes I did." I replied the repeated what I think that I said when I was 'up there'.
My body shuddered again as Duke wiped my pussy dry then opened the body paint tin.
"So Millie, I thought that a little triangle on your pubic bone would do the job. Is that okay with you?"
"Yeah, sure, don't make it too big. I suppose that it will look like a thong until I spread my legs. So Duke, there's only one of me and I haven't even met the other 2 cheerleaders so we haven't sorted out any routines. What would you like me to do today?"
"I was thinking that you could just do a few cartwheels and handstands when the team need a bit of a push and when they score. Oh, I never asked you, what do you know about rugby?"
"Don't worry Duke, my dad's big rugby fan and he used to make me watch it with him when I was little. I think that I know most of the rules."
"Good, that solves a problem; I must ask the other 2 what they know about the game."
By that time Duke had opened the tin and had some black paint on the end of the brush. I lay back on my elbows and watched Duke as an outline of a thong appeared on the front of my pussy.
"That feels nice Duke."
"Don't go cumming on me again Millie. We don't want to miss half the game."
I shut my mouth and smiled. That was the first time that a man had told me NOT to cum.
Then I had a thought and asked Duke what sort of paint it was.
"Don't worry love, its water based, it should come off when you have a shower."
"Good, I'd hate to look like I was wearing something after the game. You do open the bar and have a few drinks before everyone goes home don't you?"
"Don't work Millie; you'll get plenty of attention after the game; and as many drinks as you want."
Five minutes later Duke and I marched out of the clubhouse and to the pitch.
"What's the score?" I asked the 2 reserves that were stood watching.
"5 - 3 to them" one guy said, not sure if he should look at me or the game.
I started going up and down the side line, following the game, and cheering our team on. Then I remembered that I was supposed to do something to encourage them. The next time that the ball came into touch at my side I stood near the man who was going to throw the ball down the Lineouts. Just as he was about to throw I did a handstand. As the ball went flying along the 2 lines all the guys were presented with a view of me standing on my hands with my tiny skirt inverted and covering my belly and lower chest. The halter top had slid up around my neck revealing my nice little tits.
My display un-settled the opposition and our team managed to get the ball.
That seemed to be the turning point of the game and by half-time we were leading 15 - 10.
I went and joined the half time get together and one of the first things that Jake said was to tell me to spend some time behind the opposition's posts. Our team will keep telling the opposition guys that I've stripped off and are playing with my pussy. With a bit of luck they'll keep turning to look and we'll be able to catch them off-guard.
I smiled and knew what I had to do. Then I had a brainwave.
"Tell you what guys." I said, "If we win I'll give a blowjob to each one of you that scored some points. How does that sound?"
Enthusiasm and effort was increased in the second half and we won 23-13. The guys were ecstatic and as I ran up to them to congratulate them four of them lifted me up and carried me back to the clubhouse. They carried me high up with hands supporting my shoulders and butt; and 2 hands were keeping my legs spread wide.
The guys carried me right in to the changing room where I was put down and stripped of my clothes and shoes. Then I was pushed into the showers where there were already 3 of them; naked and showering.
OMG, within a minute 1 naked girl was showering with 10 naked guys and another 5 stood watching me with their hard cocks in their hands. I was in heaven as I was passed along the row of showers and hands grabbed my interesting bits. When I got to the end shower one guy said,
"Can I have my blowjob now?"
"A promise is a promise," I said as I got down onto my knees in front of him and looked up to see a massive hard-on right in front of my face. I opened my mouth and leant forward.
There were loud cheers as I started to swallow his cock.
The guy's hands grabbed my hair and pulled my head backwards and forwards until I felt his cock swell. I was all ready to swallow his cum but instead he pulled my head back and off his cock.
Realising that he wanted to cum on my face I looked up and opened my mouth. Seconds later his cum sprayed on my face. When it stopped cumming I turned to the others, put my tongue out and showed them what had landed in my mouth then I swallowed it.
"Right, who else scored some points?" I asked, and 3 other guys all said,
"I did."
After 4 more blowjobs I got to my feet and stood in the nearest shower to wash off the cum. I looked down to my pussy and saw that most of the painted thong had gone.
"Can I borrow some soap please?" I asked.
"Here, let me do that for you." One guy said as he stepped forwards with a bar of soap in his hand, his cock bouncing as he walked.
I smiled, spread my legs and lifted my hands up in the air.
It didn't take long for the rest of the paint to disappear, and for me to cum. I shuddered and shook as I rode the waves of pleasure.
"What about us Millie? Have you got anything for us?" Was the first thing that I heard when I was able.
"I thought that seeing me naked, watching me give 5 of you blowjobs and watching me cum would be enough for you." I replied, looking around at all the hard cocks.
"Please Millie." A couple of the guys replied.
"Tell you what boys, no more blowjobs and you're not going to fuck me, but you can wank all over me if you like."
There were quite a few cheers then hands lifted me up and carried me over to one of the benches. I saw clothes flying off the bench then I was laid on my back and when I looked up, 4 cocks were being wanked above me.
My right hand went to my pussy to relieve the pressure that had built when the hands carried me to the bench.
Ten minutes and 2 orgasms from me, and quite a few loads of male cum covering my face and torso, I looked up and saw that I was alone.
Duke walked in, saw me, smiled and said,
"You okay?"
I nodded.
"Have a shower then come and join us. I'll stand you a drink or 3."
"Okay Coach." I said as I got to my feet and walked to the shower. Luckily, I had a choice of shampoo from the different bottles that the guys had left there and I had a long, hot shower.
"Here she is; our cum loving cheerleader." I heard as I walked into the main room and over to the bar.
Duke put a glass of whiskey in front of me and I downed it in one.
"You sure that you're okay Millie?" Duke again asked. "Were any of the guys too rough with you? Because if they were ..."
"No, no; I mean everything is good. I guess that I'll only get a third of that when the other 2 cheerleaders start on Wednesday."
"That's my girl; taking it for the team. I guess it didn't take you long to become a team player."
"Always wanted to be part of a team Coach."
An arm came round me and grabbed a tit causing my nipples to harden even more, and Jake said,
"You've done us proud Coach. I hope that the other 2 are half as good as Millie is."
I felt proud, I'd satisfied lots of my fantasies and got into something that I could repeat twice a week and there wouldn't be any man hanging onto my arm tying me down. What more could a girl ask for?
"Millie; earth to Millie."
"Oh sorry."
"Come with me, I'll introduce you to the team. That's those of them who are still here. Half of them had to rush off to their girlfriends or wives. I guess that every ones entitled to make one mistake in that area."
I spent the next hour or so sitting on about a dozen different laps. Most of them taking advantage of the tits that were in their faces and the spread, bare pussy on their lap.
I didn't cum again but I got mighty close.
When we got to one of the younger looking guys Jake introduced him,
"This is Zac and he's still a virgin."
"Hi Zac, maybe you'll reach that milestone on Wednesday evening. You will be here won't you?"
"Cool. Err you bet, thank you."
I laughed and lifted one of his hands to my tits.
The guys all drifted off home, or wherever, leaving just Duke and me.
"Would you like a lift anywhere Millie?
"You could take me to the nearest underground station if you don't mind Duke."
"Yeah sure, no problem."
"You could take me in another way before I get dressed if you like. I've been saving it for you."
"Bend over that table girl."
I did, and Duke fucked me until we'd both cum.
"Wanted to do that ever since you walked through that door Millie."
"Any time Duke, any time."
"You will be back on Wednesday won't you Millie?" Duke asked.
"Try and stop me."
The train journey back to Loughton only took a few minutes but it was long enough for me to reflect on my day. It had been a good one and I could hardly wait for Wednesday.
The commute to work in the morning was good, the hand making me cum twice, but I was thinking about the guys in the team as each orgasm built.