Katherine looked down at the cell phone and saw it was Jade calling.
"Hi ya Fuck Slut how's tricks?"
"Big Tits your such a meanie his butt was red raw."
"Little cunt deserves it Fuck Slut."
"Gee I'd hate to see what you'd do if he did something really wrong."
"Hang on a sec I've gotta switch off my lap top."
Katherine didn't want her conversation with Jade going out over Linda's web site she leant over scrolled the mouse then with a double click of the mouse button shut down the web cams, microphones and camcorder.
"I'm back Fuck Slut, miss me?"
"Fuck Kate, you know I miss you."
"I miss you to baby."
"Sure sure I saw that horny little minx you got it on with. She'd make anyone's mind wonder not to mention hands."
"She's a poor substitute for you Fuck Slut."
"Have you thought about my proposition Big Tits?"
"Yeah but what about the questions I asked you?"
"Well as for how big they grow it depends on how long you take it for. One chick in the test group started with tiny A cups then after being on XM-12 for six months had aureole the size of fried eggs the nipples stood out like a pair of miniature two and a half inch cocks. Her boobs hung down that far the fat teats were almost down to her waist you know like those Aborigines in National Geographic documentaries."
"I bet she was pissed off Jade."
"At first but her brand new pair of double D melons soon shut her and her very happy husband up."
"So it's permanent then?"
"Shit yeah, they almost released it onto the market but thought that women wouldn't go through the growth stage and the unwanted nipple enhancement turned them off."
"Is the treatment dangerous at all?"
"The only danger is when they have surgery to pump up their flat bags well how about it Big Tits it's a fair trade don't ya think?"
"Deal Fuck Slut send me enough for two slaves for six months each. Have you chosen your prospective Mistress yet Jade?"
"Yes I've been fantasizing over someone for weeks now she works where I do downstairs in the warehouse."
"What's her name Fuck Slut?"
Katherine reached for a pen and paper she wasn't going to make any of her earlier mistakes.
"Felicity, her name is Felicity. She's gorgeous Kate she's got long blonde hair half way to her butt and a killer set of tits, their not as big as yours though."
"You've always liked big boobs Fuck Slut. Tell me what you know about her sexual preferences their paramount to the uptake of the virus."
"We've been having lunch together for a while now and she's always remarking about the guys who's got a nice butt who looks buff that sort of thing. Last week she did say something about the head pathologist what was it... Oh yeah she said that old Gwen needed a strap-on dildo she was that bitchy or a good strap-on fucking."
"She sounds like she's Bisexual Jade."
"Oh fuck I hope so Kate."
"Don't worry Fuck Slut she sounds like she's a perfect candidate for the program so it will not matter if she's into girls or not you'll control her destiny. What's Mistress Felicity's full name?"
Katherine heard the excitement in Jade's voice when she answered.
"It's Felicity Hales."
"How strict do you want her to be?"
"Like you Kate not right into the pain unless I'm disobedient but she should be quire kinky and extremely discrete."
Katherine continued talking to Jade for another ten minutes asking her questions then scribbling down her answers. Finally she had all the information she needed to program Jade's new play thing except the phrase that would activate the transformed Mistress Felicity.
"The most important thing Jade is her switch on or as I call it the fog curtain it has to be an easily remembered phrase that wouldn't come up in general conversation. Do you have any ideas?"
"I don't know Kate do you have any suggestions?"
"Well how about Felicity flicks hard Hales?"
"Can't it be more sexual Kate?"
"Yes, but there's a risk that when they come out of the fog they'll remember the first few words there is a way around it. All you have to do is direct them not to remember anything for ten seconds before they go under, but it has to be done the first time or it's no good."
"Cool how about Felicity finds Fuck Slut first."
"Perfect you kinky little Fuck Slut."
"You know me all too well Big Tits
"Sure do I'll get into the program tonight and send it FedEx on Monday."
"Thanks Big Tits, you're a darling I'll box up the pills and instructions first thing Monday and put them through the priority delivery section you should get them that afternoon or Tuesday at the latest."
"Your a sweetie Jade when you get Felicity trained I might bring Linda Cock slut for a visit."
"Oh that'd be fantastic Kate."
"I'll catch you later Fuck Slut you horny bitch."
"Yeah okay bye Big Tits."
"Bye Fuck slut."
Katherine shut off the cell phone dropped it on the desk reached for the laptop and switched it on she'd already finished most of Jade's version of the virus program except for the finer points. All she need was the subjects name a suitable control phrase. The attached videos were chosen especially for Jade's benefit making sure that they contained most of Jade's favorite kinky sexual perversions. On the end she'd tacked on a short clip of Linda Cockslut taking his Mistress' fist making sure to show his genitals and pretty made up face. Followed by the lines of code that would make Felicity adore cross dressers transvestites and transsexuals nearly as much as guys and girls but for Jade's benefit kinky lesbians would be Felicity's preference. Katherine was just finishing the disc for Jade's new Mistress when her Mother popped her head around the corner of Kathy's door. Deborah was still dressed in her Lycra Gym gear.
"Hi Sweetie do you have any plans for tonight?"
"Um no why Mum?"
"Since Linda has been such a good house guest and your always deserving Kate I'm taking you both out for dinner."
"Thanks Mum Linda deserves a break doesn't she?"
"She sure does Kate Sweetie, it's about time she had a meal prepared for her."
"Do you know where she is?"
"Last time I saw her she was in her bedroom Mum."
"Thanks Sweetie."
Deborah went to Lukey baby's room the door was slightly ajar and she peeked around the edge of it. Linda was sitting in front of her dresser mirror applying mascara she hadn't noticed Deborah standing at the door.
"Linda Sweetie you should pluck your eyebrows it'd make you even hotter."
"Ugh oh hi there Debbie I didn't hear you come in. I'm not sure how to shape them that's why I've never plucked them."
Deborah stepped into his room her blue Lycra leggings clung to her legs as did the white Lycra bodysuit to hide the outline of her shaved pussy she was wearing an orange lace G-string and around her waist was an elastic belt three inches wide. She smelt of perspiration and her hair was dull and limp after being soaked in her sweat as she came closer Lukey baby drank in her musky aroma.
"Here Sweetie let Aunty Deborah show you how it's done."
Linda looked up at his Mother and handed her a pair of tweezers she held his chin in her left hand then began expertly plucking his eyebrows. Lukey baby winced each time his Mother pulled out a hair. Less than five minutes later Deborah stepped back to admire her handiwork.
"There you go Sweetie that's more like it."
Lukey baby looked up at the mirror his Mother had shaped them into a neat pair of matching reddish blonde eyebrows.
"Thank you Debbie they look fantastic."
"Don't mention it Linda you don't have to make dinner tonight Sweetie, I'm taking you and Kate out."
"Thanks again Debbie. Where are we going?"
"It's a surprise Linda Sweetie, be ready by seven o'clock I've got to have a shower I stink."
Deborah left her son sitting there and pealing off the Lycra bodysuit as she crossed the hallway went to her bedroom. She opened the shower screen door turned the taps on and quickly finished removing her Gym clothes. Stepping into the hot stream of water Deborah directed the drumming water at one of her large aureole whilst she pinched her opposite nipple. She'd left the Gym early when for some unknown reason her pussy had started to moisten and her already very noticeable teats started getting stiffer. Deborah had been thankful that she'd gotten out of the Gym before her state of excitement became evident to one and all. The woman on the treadmill beside her had given her a knowing look as she rushed past her heading for the door. Using her thumbs and forefingers Deborah took both nipples pulling them together under the flowing shower.
"Aghhhhhh fuck Deb stop it you haven't got enough time to enjoy a good hard dildo fuck."
She shook her head trying to shake out the images of huge dildos fucking pussies and ass's flooding her brain she grabbed the shampoo squeezed out a large spot into her hand. Deborah washed then conditioned her long reddish brown hair she soaped her body all over paying particular attention to her big melons her pussy and for a reason she couldn't quite remember an extraordinarily long time soaping her anus. An inaudible groan escaped Deborah's lips when her long red fingernails scraped across her puckered sphincter she ran her index finger around the rim of her shitter delighting in the wicked sensations it induced. Regaining her composure Deborah took her razor and quickly shaved her pussy and then her under arms legs washing off the soap residue she was thrilled with the smooth feeling of her skin. Sighing Deborah reached for the taps shut off the water opened the glass door and took her towel from the warming rack, standing inside the stall while she dried herself Deborah whistled her favorite Dolly Parton song. She finished drying herself wrapped the towel around under her massive boobs then went into her bedroom, sitting down at her dresser Deborah glanced at the clock.
"Bugger it's only five thirty I could've taken my big black dildo in the shower and fucked myself silly, oh well he'll just have to wait a few hours."
Deborah plugged her hairdryer in and spent the next ten minutes brushing, styling and blow drying her long hair then took out a skimpy quarter cup bra. Putting it on she found that the cream lace covered nylon cups were only just able to support her ample bust and her whole aureole stood clear of the cream nylon. Deborah threw her weight forward forcing her tits up both meaty boobs spilt over the flimsy bra and tumbled out.
"Hahaha hahaha I'd better be careful in this or I'll knock someone's eye out."
She scooped each hefty melon up and adjusted the skimpy nylon underneath then rummaged around in the drawer until she found the equally scanty thong panties and matching suspender. Finding a pair of white lace top stockings Deborah sat back and opened them, then slid them up her freshly shaved legs one at a time clipped them onto the suspenders. Next she leant down lifting one leg she hooked the thong panties over her foot quickly followed by the other. Deborah stood up and pulled the thin strip of cream material up between her buttocks adjusted the gusset over her smooth shaved mound and finally straightened the suspenders. Deborah lifted her massive hooters pointing them at her reflection she smiled with satisfaction at the image in the dresser mirror.
"Not a bad body for a 40 year old, any chick half my age would kill to have titties like these."
Deborah sat down and began applying her make up she went a little heavier on her eye shadow than she normally would've she applied a light green reflective base over her eyelid followed by two successively darker shades further up. Then Deborah used a dark eyeliner and eyebrow pencil to accentuate her eyes even more when she finally applied her black lash lengthening mascara she batted her eyelids. Deborah applied a hint of blush then admiring her reflection said.
"Deb, you're definitely one hot Mother."
She winked at her reflection.
"Why thank you, you're to kind Sweetie."
Opening her jewelry box Deborah picked a pair of large gold hoop earrings a half inch wide gold choker and matching bracelet putting them on the dresser, she went to her walk in wardrobe. Deborah stood in the doorway for several minutes trying to decide on what to wear eventually she deciding on a green pleated skirt that had splits on either side that went well past her stocking tops. The top caused her more concern because she wanted to look good but she didn't want her titties to fall out she finally took a white long sleeve blouse with a ruffled collar and cuffs. When Deborah dressed she wasn't quite happy with the arrow headed belt she'd chosen and decided to wear one of her new waist clinchers she threw the elastic belt onto her bed then dug around in her lingerie drawer for the waist clincher. She clipped the dozen small pearl headed buttons through their loops then spun around to look at herself in the full length mirror.
"You're so sexy Deborah you'd pass for 28."
She opened the walk in wardrobe door and grabbed her black leather knee boots
sinking to her bed Deborah unzipped the shiny boots and slid her feet into them she grasped the tab at the back and pushed her foot into the toe of each boot before zipping them up. Deborah reached out and took the jewelry she'd chosen and quickly put it on.
Katherine was in a kinky mood that afternoon so she dressed accordingly the only underwear she had on was a pretty little black lacy suspender belt with a pair black seamed stay up stockings. The light yellow dress she chose buttoned up the front and finished about six inches above her knee hanging loosely around Katherine's waist was a chain link belt. She looked at her reflection and was satisfied when she was able to make out the dark outline of her stiff nipples straining against the thin yellow cotton. From experience she knew that when she sat down and opened her knees slightly her naked pussy would be on display and that thought thrilled her. Katherine's make up was perfectly matched to her clothing a light gold eye shadow and bronze highlights dangling from her earlobes was a pair of cute ear rings they had a feather hanging from a small gold chain. Katherine found her white lace fingerless gloves and slipped into her yellow four inch pumps she sat on her bed as she laced the long straps around her calves. Katherine was running a brush through her long wavy red locks when her Mother stuck her head around the door.
"Hi Sweetie you ready."
"Just gotta brush my hair Mum."
Deborah stood in the doorway watching her daughter standing before the mirror as Katherine reached up her short cotton dress raised up and nearly showed her butt cheeks.
"Katherine you'd better watch out or you'll be showing everyone your buns."
"Who cares Mum, if their looking they'll get a good show."
Kate dropped her hands to her sides and lifted the dress showing her Mother that she didn't have any underwear on.
"You're naughty girl Miss Kate."
"So what. It wouldn't hurt you to show off your self a little more Mum."
"Yeah maybe but I couldn't wear something that short Katherine Sweetie."
"Why not short enough for you eh?"
"Oh you."
Deborah reached out and swatted her daughter's arm playfully she was right the yellow dress Katherine had on would have to be a few inches shorter for her to wear it, but she didn't know why. Katherine finished and put her hair brush on the dresser and turned to her Mother.
"All ready Mum."
"Okay Sweetie lets get Linda."
They crossed to Lukey baby's bedroom Katherine didn't bother knocking she walked in closely followed by Deborah. Lukey baby was sitting at the dresser mirror in a sexy white six inch wide lace suspender with white lace top stockings busily applying his foundation. Deborah didn't notice that Linda didn't have any boobs her attention was distracted by the twin Titanium rings swinging from Lukey baby's nipples.
"So you had your nipples pierced to Linda Sweetie? You're running late too."
"Sorry Debbie I had such a tough time choosing an outfit."
"Bullshit Cockslut you were probably to busy having a wank."
"I didn't Mistress Katherine I promise."
"Oh leave her alone Katherine you meanie."
Deborah took a step towards her son put a hand on either shoulder and looked over his head at his reflection.
"I'll take you shopping tomorrow Linda we'll get you some really sexy things Sweetie."
"You should take Jenny with you Mum she's got a really great dress sense."
Deborah left hand slowly slipped down off Linda's shoulder her long fingernails absentmindedly flicked the cool steel ring. Lukey baby took a beep breath and tried to control the excitement in his voice."
"Can we Debbie can we?"
"If she wants to come and help she's welcome to tag along you can ring her when we get home Linda."
Katherine hadn't been prepared for this so she quietly stepped out of Lukey baby's bedroom and crossed to her Mother's room. Closing the door she fished her cell phone out of her handbag and dialed Jenny's cell number.
"Hello."
"Hi Jenny its Katherine from over the road, are you alone?"
"Um yeah what can I do for you?"
"Juicy Juggy Jenny this is your Mistress."
"Good afternoon Mistress Katherine thank you for calling."
"Listen carefully Juggy Jenny."
"Yes Mistress Katherine."
"Linda will ring you later tonight to ask you to accompany her and my Mother on a shopping spree at the mall tomorrow. You'll accept the invitation and at the mall you'll pick out clothing that you would gladly wear for Linda to try on. Make sure she only purchases sexy clothing your Mistress doesn't like jeans, slacks or those stupid skorts I believe that a skirt shouldn't be confused with a pair of shorts do you understand?"
"Yes Mistress Katherine when can I see you again?"
"If your good and I'm pleased with your choice of clothes for my Cockslut then I might let you come over and play with both Linda and I. Would Juicy Juggy Jenny like that?"
"Oh yes please Mistress Katherine I saw her in your garage earlier today when she stripped off her T-shirt and sweat pants then threw them in the bags I nearly came Mistress Katherine. I had to run home and finger my puss till I did come."
"Did you lick your finger?"
"Yes Mistress Katherine I imagined it was your pussy."
"That's my good little whore, I'll talk to you later now forget that I called but remember your instructions."
This was the first time Katherine had tried programming over the telephone she wasn't expecting any thing out of the ordinary since Jenny was so deeply programmed.
"Thank you Mistress Katherine good bye."
Katherine dropped her cell phone back into her handbag and went to Lukey baby's bedroom. She found her Mother standing between Lukey's knees his face was tilted up looking at his Mother as she applied his eye shadow. Deborah had already applied Linda's eyeliner and was just putting the finishing touches to the dark pink eyelids she then used a shade of purple to outline the pink. Deborah took the blusher spreading it across her sons' cheek bones then she applied lip liner pencil and finally filled in his lips with a slutty shade of red lipstick.
"What do you think Miss Kate?"
"Not bad for a Cockslut what is she going to wear Mum?"
"Hang on I'll have a look."
Deborah disappeared around the door Katherine ordered Lukey baby to glue his boobies in place a minutes later their Mother returned carrying a red dress on a clothes hanger it looked as if it was made for a midget.
"You took your nipple rings out Linda?"
"Yeah they show through my clothes Debbie. Are you sure it'll fit me it looks far too small."
"Don't doubt your Aunt it's made from Lycra and stretches far enough to go over my big titties so it'll fit you no problems Sweetie."
Deborah took the tiny dress from the hanger and gathered the crisscrossing straps she held it out for Linda to step into. Lukey baby steadied himself with a hand on his Mother's shoulder as he lifted each stockinged foot and placed them into the dress he gazed at her ample cleavage. Lukey straightened up as Deborah slid the clinging material up his thighs and over his butt gathering it around his waist. His Mother continued to move the dress up his body until she was able to pull the straps over her sons' shoulders. Deborah then held the hem of the dress and as Linda cupped his fake boobs his Mother pulled the hem down over his ripe ass. The thin almost nonexistent material clung to every curve of the fake boobies the stiff nipples poked out proudly and the lines his suspender belt made stood out nearly as far. Overall it made it obvious to anyone who cared to glance in Linda's direction that she was one red hot fuck slut. Seeing her niece dressed like this had a strange effect on Deborah she wasn't quite certain why but she was attracted to her young niece she shook her head to clear the naughty thoughts.
"You look good enough to eat Linda Sweetie."
"Yeah not bad Linda Cockslut."
Lukey baby curtsied then looked up at his Mother.
"Why thank you. You're to kind."
Deborah picked up Lukey baby's hairbrush and flicked it through his collar length red hair.
"There you go Linda Sweetie that's better. We might get you a hair cut and a perm tomorrow, would you like nails like Aunty Deborah's?"
"Oh yes please Debbie I've been trying to grow mine but their so slow."
Linda offered up her fingernails for Deborah's inspection.
"Yes their like mine use to be, these are so much stronger Sweetie."
Deborah drummed her long red nails on the dresser to emphasize her point Katherine was getting impatient.
"Come on hurry up you two or we'll be late."
"Keep your pants on Katherine. Are you wearing your boots Linda?"
"Yes Debbie their my favorite."
"No worries Sweetie I'll just grab you a belt I have the perfect one."
Deborah went to her bedroom and retrieved her arrow headed belt from where she'd left it on her bed. Then as a second thought she crossed to her jewelry box and took a pair of three inch long gold chain earrings that have small diamonds at the ends of the chains a matching necklace and two rings she thought might fit her niece.
"Here Linda Sweetie try these."
Lukey baby took the necklace clipping it behind his neck then he removed his studs and replaced them with the long chains. He marveled at the tingling feelings they caused each time they touched his skin whenever he moved his head.
"Come on Linda put your fucking boots on bitch the taxi will be here any minute."
"Yes Mistress Katherine."
Linda quickly sank to the bed and slipped into his favorite five inch stiletto heeled boots he'd become quite good at wearing high heels and was keen to try even higher ones if possible because he wanted to be able to kiss Johnny whilst looking him in the eye. They all walked down to the sitting room and waited for the taxi as Katherine had said the cab arrived within minutes and they all piled into the rear seat. The driver adjusted his rearview mirror to get a better look at the three foxy ladies in his taxi Kathy had made sure that she was sitting in the middle. When she saw the driver move his mirror she parted her knees several inches displaying her stocking tops Deborah's skirt had slid to one side and her lace stockings were on show as well. The poor driver could hardly keep his eyes on the road and at every traffic light Katherine would open her legs a little further showing him her smooth vulva. She delighted in exposing herself to strangers and at being the center of attention he had three sexy women to perv on but he chose her showing her pussy had nothing to do with it. When the cab pulled into the kerb Katherine leant forwards to pay the driver her Mother and Linda got out she handed him a twenty.
"Hope you liked perving on my cunt you dirty old fucker."
He didn't miss a beat he handed her the change and smiled.
"Thanks for showing me Darlin."
As they walked into the restaurant all the eyes in the place were following them the waiter showed them to a table near one wall. After eating a delicious meal Deborah paid the bill with cash slid a twenty dollar bill into the top pocket of the young waiter that had been ogling them all night.
"Be a dear and ring us a taxi will you Sweetie?"
"No problems Madam."
"Hey I'm no Madam. I'm a Ms, hahaha hahaha."
"Sorry Ms."
He disappeared for a few minutes and as he passed their table carrying another order he paused for a second.
"Your Cab will be out the front in a few minutes Ms and thank you for dinning with us please come again."
"Oh we'll be back Sweetie the food was delicious wasn't it girls?"
"Sure was Debbie."
"Delectable my compliments to the chef."
"Thanks I'll pass it on."
They stood up and walked out the front to wait for the taxi as they waited Deborah noticed a man in his late twenties sitting in a parked car about fifteen feet away he was blatantly staring at the three of them.
"Look at that perv in his car over there would you. He's probably having a wank the dirty bastard."
"Can you blame him Mum look at what your wearing it's the effect you want after all. Isn't it Mum?"
"Huh what did you say Kate I was miles away."
Deborah had been fantasizing about the young guy wanking his big cock while she paraded in front of his head lights dressed in her sexiest lingerie.
"I said why don't you do something about it then."
"Your right Kate Sweetie how dare that randy little fucker wank off over my body I'll show him."
Linda and Katherine watched as their mother stormed towards the car they both thought that she was going to go off at the poor driver but as she got closer she stepped in front of the car and pulled the ruffled blouse open. Deborah's huge melons burst free of the flimsy top they bounced and the thin cream colored quarter cup nylon bra only just managed to stay under their incredible weight. She placed a hand under each one then lifted them up slightly as if to say here you go suck on these babies. Letting her boobs drop Deborah slid her finger tips under her cream bra straps and in a single movement flipped her huge titties out she lent forward then shook her shoulders causing her massive boobies to sway. Smiling as sweetly as she could Deborah straightened and lifted her tits back into their nylon prison one at a time she spun around and cheeks slightly flushed walked back to her children. Lukey baby had been shocked to see his Mother expose herself in public like that Katherine on the other hand had enjoyed the sight of her Mother showing a complete stranger her massive boobs. This was just how she wanted their mother to act like a complete and utter whore.
"Debbie how could you do that?"
"Don't be such a prude Linda Sweetie from what Katherine's told me about when she caught you and Johnny the other day you've done worse."
Linda blushed a deep shade of crimson.
"That felt good didn't it Mum?"
"Sure did Miss Kate it felt fucking fantastic."
The cab pulled up beside them Deborah was the last to step into the car but before she did she turned towards the young guy and blew him a kiss. The cab ride home was uneventful Katherine had sat between her Brother and Mother so she could show off her pussy to her disappointment though the woman driver wasn't interested. Kathy's yellow dress had hiked its way up her thighs so far that Lukey baby could see his sister's smooth vulva, he didn't notice that Deborah was having a good look as well. The cab pulled into their driveway Katherine and Linda left their Mother to pay the driver as they walked up the stairs. Kathy took out her keys tossing them at Linda.
"Open the door for your Mistress."
Lukey baby caught the bunch of keys and quickly inserted the right one into the tumbler he turned the key and pushed the door open then stepped aside to allow his sister to enter. Katherine walked past him just as Deborah started up the steps, Lukey baby followed his Mother inside.
"Did you enjoy dinner Linda Sweetie?"
"Yes Debbie it was great thank you for taking me."
"I tell you what Sweetie if you get me a big glass of your special cocktail we will call it even."
"No worries I'll bring it to you Debbie."
"Thanks Sweetie where did Miss Kate go?"
"Upstairs I think."
Lukey baby wasn't sure why his Mother had occasionally referred to his sister as Miss Kate he put it down to his training. He thought that since he was nothing but a useless slave toy his mind grabbed at those types of phrases. As Deborah disappeared into the sitting room Lukey baby made a bee line for the kitchen he hoped that he'd have his Mother's dose of fake jism ready before she'd changed out of her sexy outfit. He quickly poured a pint glass full of special cocktail and put it into the microwave as he waited he took a large swig from the bottle before returning it to the refrigerator. As the microwave beeped Linda took a tray opened the door and placed the steaming glass of fake cum on it, steadying the tall glass he headed for the stairs calling out to his Mother as he went.
"Debbie here's your cocktail."
Topping the stairs Lukey baby looked towards his Mother's bedroom but it was in darkness, then from Katherine's room he heard his Mother's voice.
"I'm in here Linda Sweetie."
He walked in and found Kathy sitting at her desk while Debbie was sitting on her daughter's bed he crossed to his Mother and offered her the glass.
"Thanks Sweetie I've been dying for this for hours."
Deborah took the glass lifted it to her lips and downed the entire contents in a single gulp.
"Agh yeah that hit the spot get me another one Sweetie, when it's ready bring it to my bedroom."
"It'll be my pleasure Debbie, I won't be long."
"After you've done that go to bed because you have a big day tomorrow."
"Yes Mistress Katherine."
As he left he glanced at his Mother she was smiling at him.
"You really get off on that stuff don't you Mum?"
"It's fucking wonderful Miss Kate I just wish I knew where I've tasted it before it's so familiar but whenever I try to think about it my mind goes foggy."
"Dildo dipping Debbie digs dicks."
Deborah's eyes glazed over and the now familiar fog descended.
"Hello Mistress Kate you look nice."
"What have you told my Mother you fucking whore? She's been calling me Miss Kate and I want to know just where she got it from."
"I'm sorry Mistress I told her to call you that especially when she's turned on."
This was a development Kathy wasn't prepared for she thought about it for a second and decided that it could have its advantages but could be quite dangerous so an activation phrase was needed.
"Okay then Debbie the only time my Mother is to become aware of your presence is on my express instructions and you won't tell her until you hear me say the following phrase. Debbie's Double dildos Deborah's dirty desires. Understand?"
"Yes Mistress Kate I understand."
"Good now as soon as Linda Cockslut comes back Deborah will go into a semi trance everything that happens from then on will seem like a dream. It'll be the best dream you've ever had and you'll do anything that comes up without hesitation. In this dream you'll have control where it goes and every single inhibition that previously held you in check is gone. It's a dream so it doesn't matter how kinky you or your partner gets. Do you understand me Debbie?"
A broad smile broke across Debbie's face as she nodded.
"Yes Mistress Kate I understand perfectly."
"Good here comes Linda. It's time for Deborah to return."
Deborah shook her head from side to side then continued their conversation as if nothing had happened.
"Yeah I wish I could place that taste."
"Linda Cockslut loves it just as much if not more the horny little slut is always thinking about it."
"I don't blame her one bit Miss Kate."
"Tell Miss Kate how excited you became when you exposed your titties to that stranger."
"Oh where do I start Kate, it took every ounce of self control to stop myself from opening his door dragging him out and fucking his brains out right there in the roadway."
"So you're a horny closet exhibitionist are you?"
"Buy the way my nipples hardened and if the damp state of my pussy was anything to go on well the answer is a definite yes Kate you're looking at one horribly horny exhibitionist. I adore the free feeling of a slight breeze as it caresses my bare nipples and talking about it makes me excited to Kate."
Having her Mother call her Miss Kate was good but she couldn't wait for Lukey baby to go to bed so she'd be able to make her Mother refer to her as Mistress.
"What about showing off your smooth pussy for anyone to see?"
As she spoke Katherine noticed her Mother parted her thighs a little further the split in the green skirt slid open showing off her stocking tops the excitement was evident on Deborah's face. In a shaky voice her Mother replied.
"I... I don't think I'd be able to stop myself from touching it if I was to show anyone Miss Kate."
"That shouldn't stop you. If it was me I'd love to watch you finger you hairless pussy then lick your cum from your fingers."
Deborah's thighs parted several more inches as she listened to her daughter Katherine could clearly see the creamy white gusset of her Mother's panties the ample moisture was evident. Just then Linda returned with another steaming glass of fake cum Deborah didn't seem to acknowledge him so he placed it on the bedside table.
"Off to bed now Linda Cockslut."
"Good night Mistress Katherine, goodnight Debbie."
"Oh thanks for the drink goodnight Sweetie."
Lukey baby was disappointed at not seeing his Mother undress but he didn't dare say anything he definitely didn't want to undergo another punishment session so he quietly left and crossed the hallway to his own bedroom. He stripped carefully folding each item as he removed it once naked Lukey baby removed the foam boobies and flicked the twin nipple rings. After slipping into a sexy sheer nylon baby doll nightie he sat at his dresser mirror and went about removing his makeup less than five minutes later Lukey baby was in bed fast asleep. As her son walked out of the room Deborah's mind went hazy for a second she felt like she was floating she put it down to a dream because she'd remembered coming home from the restaurant then going to bed after having a nightcap of Linda's cocktail. Someone was talking to her she shook the fog away and found that she was in her daughter's bedroom and it was Kathy that was speaking to her. She though about her daughter for a second look at her sitting there that dress does nothing to hide her ample curves, she's got nice big tits like mine. Deborah listened as she sipped at the delicious sticky cocktail in her hand while watching her daughter over the rim of the glass as she reclined on the bed she felt herself getting excited. You shouldn't think about those sorts of things she told herself, and a second later thought to herself fuck it's a dream so it couldn't be that wrong. Besides it'd be great to have someone fuck me other than my trusty dildo.
"You know you want to expose yourself don't you Deb?"
The question took Deborah off guard and before she knew it she'd already answered as the words came out she couldn't believe she'd spoken them, suddenly she heard herself repeating them.
"Oh fuck yes Kate I want to show everyone my smooth shaved pussy lips and my hard nipples."
Deborah bit down on her lower lip to stop herself from saying any more. She felt a new wave of excitement flooding her and uncontrollably parted her knees her breath became ragged the cool air hitting her wet panties made her clitty throb. Katherine watched as her Mother squirmed slowly Deborah's knees parted until Kathy could see both of her Mother's stocking tops and the rapidly growing wet spot.
"Do you want to show your Daughter you sweet pussy Deb?"
Deborah didn't answer instead she hiked her skirt up around her waist then slid forward several inches she lifted one leg and placed her foot on the mattress. The other foot remained firmly planted on the floor Kathy was looking directly at her Mother's near invisible panties stretched tight over her prominent vulva. Deborah looked up at her daughter and in an incredibly sexy voice said.
"Can I show you my wet pussy Miss Kate? Can dirty Deb show you her sweet cunt Kate?"
"Show me your tits first dirty Deb show me those big boobs first"
Deborah didn't miss a beat she smiled as she reached for the buttons of her blouse. She undid three then pulled the flimsy material aside and tucked it behind either boob. The thin cream quarter cup bra held her massive tits together and Deborah flicked and pinched her semi erect nipples then using both hands lifted them free of the restricting nylon prison.
"Does Miss Kate like dirty Deb's big titties?"
"Not bad not bad at all show me how you suck your nipples you kinky bitch."
Immediately Deborah lifted her right boob guiding the fat nipple to her licking tongue she circled the dark teat then took it into her mouth. As she sucked hard loud groans escaped Deborah's lips. Katherine wasn't surprised when Deb's right hand went down to her wet panties she used three fingers to rub her clit then opening her eyes she smiled at her daughter. Deborah pulled the thin nylon up into her naked gash her puffy labia closed around her underwear and another loud groan escaped her mouthful of tit flesh.
"Your pussy is nice and wet isn't it Deb?"
Deborah opened her mouth to answer and her big boob flopped back against her chest.
"Oh fuck yes Kate my cunt is so so wet. Look I'll show you how wet I am."
She reached down pulled her soaking panties out of her pussy and slid them across so her twat was now on display. Deborah pushed three fingers inside her pouting lips then using a scooping motion drove them in and out of her willing gash. After a dozen or so strokes Deborah lifted them to her mouth and greedily sucked her slippery fingers all the time her left hand was busy pinching her long stiff nipples. As she licked the last finger she was busy in thought "masturbating in front of another woman would be quite sexy but doing it in front of my cute daughter is highly erotic indeed. The only thing that'd make it better would be if she was like that kinky redhead in my magazine." Again Kathy's voice roused her.
"Do you like the taste of pussy Dirty Deb?"
"Oh fuck yes Kate it's almost as good as Linda's fantastic special cocktail."
Watching her Mother fingering herself was bad enough but hearing her talk like this was more than Kathy could handle. She still had enough control of herself to tease her Mother. She was interested in the reactions, her hands traveled to the lowest of the buttons on her short yellow dress. By the time she'd undone the first two Deborah's eyes were glued to her daughter's thighs and Kathy could tell that her Mother was eager to see more. Deborah's hand had gone back to her swollen twat and she ran two fingers inside as she used her palm to put pressure on her clitoris.
"Now then does Dirty Deb want to see her daughter's pussy?"
Deborah didn't trust her voice so she nodded her head vigorously instead.
"Well ask me nicely and I might just let you see and if you're a good girl I'll tell you how a true exhibitionist dresses"
"Please Miss Kate show me your sweet gash please please please show me Mistress."
Kathy quickly undid the remaining half dozen buttons and let the thin yellow material drape open. If Deborah was shocked to see her daughter wearing nothing but a lacy black suspender belt it didn't show on her face the only thing that did was a mixture of lust and sheer excitement. Kathy wondered just how many taboo barriers her Mother had crossed, it'd be interesting to see if she's keen for some lesbian loving I'm sure Jenny would like to help out she'll loose her self in those huge tits. Kathy put her hands on her hips and pushed out her ample bosom.
"Dirty Deb a true exhibitionist dresses for free access at all times. Her tits and cunt will be ready for exposure at a seconds notice therefore a true exhibitionist never wears underwear except on the rare occasions when a sexy pair of crotch less panties are called for. Of course any bra that still shows off more than half of your nipples are fine. Do you think you could become a true exhibitionist Dirty Deb?"
As Kathy waited for her Mother's reply she slowly rolled her rapidly hardening nipples between her thumbs and forefingers. Again Deborah chose not to answer instead she stood up and slid the blouse off her shoulders then taking a breath she quickly unclipped the waist clincher tossing it aside Deborah started to unzip her skirt she lowered it slowly. Kathy noticed the seductive grin on her Mother's face as she stepped out of the green skirt. Without straightening Deborah reached for the thin strings holding her soaking panties as she slid them over her jutting buns she looked up at Katherine who stood no more than three feet from her.
"Does Miss Kate want to see Dirty Deb's shaved pussy?"
"You fucking know I do whore. Get those fucking panties off and show you're me that smooth cunt."
Hearing her Daughter talk to her like this gave Deborah an instant orgasm and with difficulty she managed to slide the panties down her long legs then off. Standing up Deborah adjusted her massive boobs then decided that she didn't need a bra seconds later it hit the pile of clothes beside Kathy's bed. Standing so close to her Daughter dressed in nothing but a suspender belt and stocking had Deborah's dark nipples at full attention they were standing out nearly an inch and Kathy could hardly wait to suck on them. Sitting back on the bed Deborah lifted her knees pulling them apart as rocked back.
"There you go Mistress Kate look at my wet cunt wet cunt wet cunt aghhhhhh fuck that sounds good. Want to watch Dirty Deb finger her wet cunt Mistress Kate?"
"Hold your lips open so you're Mistress can watch while you finger fuck yourself."
Deborah did as she was told she pulled her outer pussy lips up and apart as she slowly pushed two fingers into her dripping snatch.
"Agh yeah fuck yessssss that's so good Mistress Kate."
"Well put another one inside Dirty Deb you know you want it you horny fucking slut."
"Ah huh that's me Kate I'm just a horny fucking slut, aghhhhhh yessssss."
Kathy sat back watching her Mother sliding three fingers in and out of her greedy twat by this time her Kate's own pussy was in desperate need of attention.
"Tell your Mistress how much you like the taste of pussy Dirty Deb."
"I adore the taste of wet cunt Mistress Kate this horny fucking slut absolutely loves the taste of her own wet cunt. In fact after using her dildos she licks them clean"
"Would you like to taste your Mistress's wet pussy?"
When Deborah didn't answer but started to get off the bed Kathy knew the answer was positive. Deborah approached her daughter then slowly sank to her knees she reached out and placed her palms on Katherine's thighs. As her Mother pushed them apart Kathy slid forward in the chair to allow her better access, Deborah shuffled towards her Daughter's open pussy then sank down onto her haunches. The aroma that assaulted Deborah was almost overpowering it only made her all the more eager to try her Daughter's pussy. Little did Kathy know but her Mother wasn't a stranger when it came to eating fur pie she teasingly licked every inch of Kathy's outer lips.
"I thought that you wanted to taste my wet cunt? You fucking slut east your Mistress's wet cunt."
The last two words caused a change in Deborah she looked up at her Daughter smiling.
"Mistress Kate get ready for some of the best tongue loving your ever going to get."
"I'll believe it when it happens."
As Kathy talked her Mother pulled her pussy open as her prominent clitoris popped out Deborah flicked her tongue across its hard slippery surface several times. Kathy threw her head from side to side in time to her Mother's lashing tongue.
"Aghhhhhh yeah that's the spot Dirty Deb, slide that wet tongue down my slit then tongue fuck me my little Cuntwhore. Suck your Mistress's fuck hole if you like your knew pet name Dirty Deb the Cuntwhore."
The dirtier her Daughter talked the more excited Deborah became she would've done anything her Mistress asked so long as she continued to talk dirty. She didn't trust her voice and besides she didn't want to miss a second of pussy time so she did as her daughter had ordered. Reluctantly Deborah released her Daughter's clitoris and quickly slid down until her mouth formed a slight suction at the entrance to Kathy's fuck tube.
"That's a good little Cuntwhore now fuck your Mistress with that talented tongue."
Pulling Kathy's pussy further open Deborah poked her tongue out as far as she could then began stabbing it at her Daughter's dripping twat.
"Aghhhh fuckkkkkk yessssss that's it Cuntwhore tongue fuck your Mistress's wet cunt."
Feeling the first waves of her orgasm approaching Kathy reached for her stiff teats as her come flooded her Mother's face Kathy pulled her prominent nipples as if she was milking them.
"Aghhhhhh fuckkkkkk yessssss fuckkkkkk yessssss suck my wet cunt you fucking Cuntwhore, suck your Mistress's wet cunt make your Mistress come again Cuntwhore."
Deborah did her best to get all of her Daughter's juices but most of it was spread all over her chin some had run down and her Mistress's anus was covered. It was then that she remembered the picture in the magazine that excited her the most and she decided that since it was a dream then she'd try it herself. She slid one hand from Deb's puffy lips and slowly pushed two fingers into her Daughter's willing snatch. The moans she heard encouraged her and she began pumping them after half a dozen strokes she pointed her ring finger at Katherine's slippery anus. It was Deborah that got the surprise because Kathy's ass hole opened and her finger had slid inside without any resistance.
"Aghhhhhh yummy since you like my shitter so much you better lick it while you finger me Cuntwhore."
"It'll be a pleasure to do that for you Kate Honey."
Ordinarily this would have repulsed Deborah, but since she believed that it was all a dream she happily continued to slide her fingers into her Daughter's steaming box while she rimmed her shitter. Occasionally Deborah would slide her tongue in between her index and ring fingers allowing her to lick her Mistress's pussy and anus at the same time.
"Put another finger in my butt Cuntwhore one is never enough that's one lesson I'll teach you."
Deb's tongue didn't stop and when Kathy looked down at her Mother she saw the excitement in Deborah's eyes.
"Does Dirty Deb the little Cuntwhore like licking her Mistress's ass hole?"
Deborah stopped long enough to swallow and quickly reply before diving back at her Daughter's sex.
"Nearly as much as your sweet pussy Mistress Kate but not quite."
"If that's the case I'd say you're in need of practice. Take your fingers out and show your Mistress how well you can clean them."
Deborah slid her fingers out of Kathy's pussy and anus lifted them to her mouth Kathy smiled when she saw her Mother went for her little finger first quickly followed by her ring finger. Deb sucked at them noisily as she sniffed her other two fingers after a few minutes Deborah swapped them around and greedily sucked at her Daughter's abundant juices. Katherine reached down and began rubbing her clitty as she watched her sexy Mother.
"Okay Cuntwhore your Mistress's asshole is waiting for that hot tongue of yours. Rim my shitter Cuntwhore lick your Mistress's anus."
"Yes Mistress Kate."
Kathy watched her Mother's tongue come out "this is going to be the best sex I've ever had it's definitely the kinkiest by far" she thought to herself. Deborah's hot wet tongue brought her back to the reality and she concentrated on relaxing her sphincter muscle as her Mother rimmed it. Seconds later Katherine grunted in satisfaction as her ass hole relaxed and Deb's tongue nearly slid inside.
"Mmmmmm yeah lick my shitter Cuntwhore. Push that hot tongue of yours up Mistress Kate's shitter. Aghhhhhh yeahhhhhh faster Cuntwhore faster."
With her daughter sitting at the desk Deborah wasn't able to get at Kathy's anus no matter how hard she tried.
"It's no use Mistress Kate my tongue isn't quite long enough can we go to your bed?"
It was Katherine's turn not to answer she simply pushed Deborah aside and stood up the yellow dress hung from her shoulders she pushed it off letting it drop to the floor and walked to her queen sized bed. Standing Deborah automatically picked up her Daughter's discarded dress folded it and placed it over the back of the office chair. She turned to Katherine expecting her to be on the bed but instead her Daughter was facing the wall she'd bent over from the waist one hand was on the bed to steady herself. Kathy's ankles were at least a yard apart her free hand was cupping her hairless slit, one finger was no where to be seen just the knuckle showed from between her hairless lips. Deborah stepped a little closer placed her palms on Kathy's hips while she lent over and showered Katherine's butt with kisses Kathy looked over her shoulder at her mother.
"Get on your fucking knees Cuntwhore, there's no excuse now your Mistress expects an expert rim job from her little Cuntwhore. If I'm satisfied then I might just strap on a huge cock and give you the fucking of your life. You'd like your Mistress to fuck you with her big fake cock wouldn't you Cuntwhore?"
"Yes oh fuck yes Mistress Kate, I've got a huge black one in my room that I fuck myself with everyday we can go in there if you like Mistress."
"Get that fucking tongue up my ass Cuntwhore or I'll fucking whip you instead. Your Mistress knows all about the dildo collection in your dresser drawer."
The thought of being whipped startled Deb without letting go of her Daughter's hips she dropped to her knees behind Katherine. Then gripping Kathy's butt cheeks Deb pulled them further apart she moved in out came her tongue and the first swipe started at the base of Kathy's pussy then finished at her tailbone. Again Katherine concentrated on her sphincter as it relaxed this time her Mother's tongue slid right in, Deb couldn't help it she simply went wild running her tongue around the inside of Kathy's anus then stabbing herself at her Daughter's wide open ass hole.
"Aghhhhhh fuckkkkkk yessssss wow Cuntwhore you're going the right way for a super strap-on fuck. Agh agh agh agh agh fuckkkkkk yessssss do my fucking shitter you little Cuntwhore."
Deborah stabbed at Kathy's anus as she took a few ragged breaths.
"Yes yes yes yes gulp yes yes yes."
"Shut the fuck up and rim your Mistress Cuntwhore."
Deborah closed her eyes and concentrated all her efforts on her daughter's anus suddenly a loud slapping sound startled her she didn't dare take her tongue from Kathy's shitter. Looking up she couldn't see anything but her Daughters creamy white buttocks Kathy had pulled her pussy lips up so that her erect clitoris popped out of its hood she then slapped her own clitty as she bit down on her lower lip to stifle the groans of pleasure.
"That's it Cuntwhore rim Mistress Kate's shitter fuck your Mistress's ass with that hot tongue of yours and make me cum you little Cuntwhore make your Mistress cum."
Deborah pushed herself against Kathy's butt straining her tongue she pushed the tip all the way inside and wiggled it from side to side.
"Aghhhhhh fuckkkkkk yessssss I'm cummmmming Cuntwhore tongue fuck my shitter."
Deborah had no intention of stopping she found it highly erotic to be tongue fucking her Daughter's ass hole even if it was a dream.
"Fuckkkkkk yessssss I'm cummmmming I'm cummmmming."
Kathy's fingers slid over her clit then inside her sodden gash she could hear the squelching sounds they made. As her orgasm passed Katherine reluctantly dragged her fingers from her pussy she looked over her shoulder at her Mother still sucking away at her ass hole, "I'll freak her out" Kathy thought to herself. Her fingers were covered with her pussy juice and she reached behind herself sliding one slick finger down the crack in her buttocks.
"Spit on Mistress's anus Cuntwhore."
Without thinking Deborah rocked back and spat on Kathy's sphincter, as soon as Kathy heard it she reached further back and slid three fingers into her willing ass hole.
"Agh yeah that's more like it three fingers in your Mistress's shitter. Do you like watching me finger my arse Cuntwhore?"
"Um ER yes Mistress Kate very much so I just wish it was me fingering that sweet anus."
"Is that so well you'd best get those fingers of your in my cunt then."
Kathy pushed her hips back a touch so she could work her fingers further inside her anus. Deborah cupped her palm under Kathy's pussy she marveled at the heat coming from her Daughter's twat. Standing behind Kathy gave her more access than normal she was slightly surprised when three then all four of her fingers slid into Katherine's waiting gash.
"Ummm nice Deb rub Mistress Kate's asshole with your thumb."
Deborah did as she was told her other hand was busy playing with her own clitty.
"Ummm now work your fingers inside my wet cunt give them to me Cuntwhore."
Deb wasn't quite sure what her Mistress wanted but she didn't want to disappoint so she started to piston her whole forearm this caused her fingers to bury themselves up to the knuckles.
"Yeah Cuntwhore do your Mistress with your fingers."
Kathy suddenly slumped forwards she kept her legs straight so her butt poked up Kathy tossed her head to one side so she could watch her Mother's reaction to what she was about to say.
"Cuntwhore push your thumb up Mistress Kate's arse while you finger fuck my wet cunt."
A broad smile crossed Deborah's face this was another thing she'd seen in the bondage magazine. She slid her fingers back until only the tips were still parting Katherine's puffy lips then she placed her thumb against her Mistress's winking anus. Kathy pushed back against her Mother's hand and wasn't surprised when she felt Deborah's fingers slip into her pussy.
"Push harder Cuntwhore, your Mistress wants your fat fucking thumb up her arse hole, now push Cuntwhore fucking push."
Kathy grunted then groaned as her Mother pushed her thumb inside her willing sphincter.
"Yeah Cuntwhore fuck Mistress Kate's ass with your thumb agh fuck it Cuntwhore fuck it. Give me that fat thumb in my shitter Cuntwhore."
Katherine stretched out and retrieved her ten inch strap-on dildo from its usual hiding spot under her pillow. When her Mother saw it an involuntary lustful groan escaped her lips Kathy turned her head and looked back at her Mother.
"Here fuck your Mistress's wet cunt with her big fake prick while you tongue my ass with that hot little tongue of yours Cuntwhore."
"Yes Mistress."
Deborah's hand shook slightly as she reached for the dildo her Daughter offered she couldn't wait for her Mistress to strap it around her waist and give her the promised fuck of her life. Holding the thick base of the large plastic dick Deborah used her cum covered hand to lubricate the fake cock before positioning the huge knob against her Daughter's swollen lips.
"Long slow strokes to start with Cuntwhore and make sure that wet tongue stays in contact with your Mistress's shitter."
Deb couldn't answer because her tongue was deep inside Katherine's anus then she began to slowly push the dildo up into her Daughter's sodden gash. Kathy's moans and whimpers encouraged her so she flicked her tongue at the inside rim of her Mistress's anus.
"That's more like it Cuntwhore you may speed up the dildo until it's in time with your talented tongue."
Kathy was close to coming but didn't want to give her Mother the satisfaction of knowing that she'd cum so soon. Deborah was so intent on her rimming that when Kathy bit down on her lip she either didn't notice or didn't care.
"Aghhhhhh yessssss Cuntwhore fuck Mistress Kate faster dildo my wet cunt fuck meeeeeeee Cuntwhore."
Deb repositioned herself so she could drive the fake prick deep into her Daughter's pussy without loosing touch with Katherine's bouncing ass. Kathy's body shook as she exploded and from around the sliding dildo she squirted cum that splattered over Deborah's wrist.
"Agh agh agh agh put it up my shitter Cuntwhore. Hurry up before I finish cummmmming."
Deborah didn't have to be told twice she pulled the fake cock from her Daughter's grasping pussy and slid it up an inch. From all the licking she been doing and the cum still clinging to the dildo it slipped past Kathy's spasming sphincter when she pushed.
"Finally my poor tongue gets a fucking rest your so wicked Mistress Kate, so deliciously wicked. Shall I fuck your sweet ass hole fast or slow?"
"Imagine it's your ass hole and show Mistress Kate how you want your shitter fucked Cuntwhore."
"No worries Mistress."
Deborah flipped the straps over her wrist and moved her hand so her palm was against the base pushing then used her fingers to grip top of the base. She began with long slow strokes drawing back until just the bulbous head was still inside her Daughter's bowel then at a steady pace she drove it deep up Katherine's shitter.
"Fuck my ass Cuntwhore fuck Mistress Kate's ass hole you little Cuntwhore."
There wasn't anything that would have stopped Deborah she wouldn't have cared if the house was on fire at that moment. The only thing that mattered was showing her Mistress how she wanted to have her butt fucked with the huge fake cock in her hand. Deborah upped the tempo of her strokes she was sliding at least eight inches of the dildo into her Daughter at an ever increasing pace and from the sounds she was hearing it was evident that Kathy was close to another orgasm. The dildo flashed to and fro as Deborah drove it at Katherine's willing anus she wanted to let her Mistress know that she would prefer a long hard fast butt fucking.
"You're a horny little fucker Cuntwhore your getting Mistress Kate excited feel my wet cunt."
Deborah reached under her Mistress and slid three fingers along the length of her Daughter's slit.
"Oh Mistress Kate, you're so wet."
Every time Kathy said the words "wet cunt" or called Deborah, Cuntwhore she could see the pleasure on her Mother's face and she decided to find out just how fixated on the words Deb was.
"Put them inside my wet cunt wet cunt wet cunt wet cunt wet cunt wet cunt wet cunt wet cunt wet cunt wet cunt wet cunt."
Hearing those words made Deborah's pussy throb she couldn't help herself her right hand went even faster her body shook as she came uncontrollably.
"Oh fuck Mistress Aghhhhhh fuckkkkkk Mistress Kate I'm cummmmming and you haven't even touched me."
"Don't stop that fucking dildo Cuntwhore cause I'm soooo fuckkkkkking close."
Again Kathy squirted as she came this time though there wasn't a fat plastic dick to stem the flow and it covered Deborah's hand. Deb quickly slid her hand back and greedily lapped at her Daughter's abundant nectar.
"Get those fucking fingers back up my wet cunt you little fucking Cuntwhore!"
"Sorry Mistress Kate but you pussy juice is so delicious I couldn't resist."
Agh agh agh agh agh agh agh fuckkkkkk fuckkkkkk yessssss that's a good Cuntwhore agh agh agh agh fuckkkkkk yessssss."
Kathy fell forwards onto her bed exhausted from a truly marvelous fucking. Deborah's fingers slid from Kathy's gripping snatch as her Daughter moved but she made sure that the dildo stayed firmly planted deep inside Katherine's ass hole.
"Was that to you liking Mistress Kate?"
Her Mother asked as she continued to slowly fuck Kathy's shitter.
"Not bad for a beginner Cuntwhore."
"Thank you Mistress Kate I tried my best."
Katherine didn't feel like fucking her Mother, she was satisfied for the moment and Kathy didn't want to risk having her Mother wake up in the morning beside her Daughter and decided that Deborah should go to her own bed.
"Dildo dipping Debbie digs dicks."
Deborah's mind glazed over and she stopped dildoing her Daughter's anus she smiled down at Kathy.
"Wow Mistress that was hot."
"Shut the fuck up and listen dirty Deb, your Mistress is going to sleep now so it's time for Mother to go to bed as well. Walk to her room get into bed close your eyes then start counting when you reach one hundred Deborah will wake up from her dream state she'll remember every detail as she drifts off to sleep. Is that clear Dirty Deb?"
"Crystal clear Mistress Kate goodnight."
Katherine reached back and withdrew the dildo she stood up and followed Deb out the door she watched her Mother walk to her room then crossed to the bathroom. Kathy didn't switch the lights on as she washed the strap-on dildo she crossed the hallway a minute or two later she saw her Mother tossing from side to side. Chuckling to herself Kathy pushed her door closed picked up the thin yellow dress she'd worn earlier she bunched it up into a ball. Squatting Katherine wiped herself against the flimsy yellow cotton, tossing aside she said to no one in particular.
"Ha ha ha Cockslut can worry about any cum stains when he washes it if the little fucker doesn't get them out I'll whip his worthless butt."
Katherine pulled the duvet up to cover her big melons and within seconds she was in a deep sleep. Her Mother on the other hand woke from her dream state opened her eyes and stretched her nipples were throbbing and she could feel the wetness between her legs. As she moved she felt the stockings and wondered why she hadn't taken them off. Deborah's pussy was on fire she hadn't been so turned on for donkey's years replaying the dream in her mind only made her twat leak more.