The door to the café opened and he looked up from his paper. He was transfixed. She was walking next to a man in a trench coat, her arm hooked thru his. Her legs went on forever, lifted by the four inch red heels and disappearing a mile later under the miniskirt. When Legs smiled at him his mouth snapped shut and he returned her smile, then glanced at Trench, who was flirting with the waitress. As they passed his table he caught a whiff of her perfume, Obsession. He chuckled at the irony.
The couple was seated at a table not far from his booth. Trench pulled out the chair for Legs on the opposite side of the table and she gracefully sat down. He could see under the table and was captivated by the dark little area at the juncture of her legs, her treasure lurking in the cave created by her skirt. He glanced up to see Legs smiling at him again, her eyes letting him know she was aware of what he had been thinking. Trench hung his coat up and took the chair next to her. The waitress brought him his pie and then moved to the table where the couple sat. She stood between him and Trench, but he had a clear view of the woman. She cleared her throat, he looked at her, she smiled and looked down. He followed her eyes, over luscious breasts, nipples flashing nicely. Then his eyes continued down below the table again where he found her legs spread slightly, the light from the windows clearly showing her naked pussy. He gulped and lowered his eyes.
He could feel the light blush on his cheeks. The front of his pants tenting tight over his bulging cock. His eyes lifted of their own accord just high enough to peek at her thru his lashes. The waitress was gone, Trench held his menu in one hand, pouring over it. However, the other hand rested on the woman's thigh, his middle finger idly moving back and forth over her tight lips. When he looked up at the woman he could see the heat in her stare as she looked under his table and saw the bulge in his pants. A flood of fire filled him, his blood boiled, he slid his hand down over his cock and massaged it for her. She widened her legs a bit and her full lips, now engorged, fell open revealing a sweet peach. The light catching a glimmer of wetness. His cock jerked and he choked. He lifted the ice water to his lips and noticed she was mimicking his movements. The cold liquid slid down his throat and he sat the glass down. It was a waste of good ice because what he saw made him boil all over again.
She was pulling an ice cube from the glass, slipped her hand under the table and slid the frozen bit over her clit. Trench smiled at her and slid two fingers deep inside. She closed her eyes and began to tremble, not so that anyone else would notice, but he noticed and so did her man. Trench pulled his fingers from her and put them in his mouth. Then he pulled her close and kissed her hard. His eyes dropped below the table again and found her beautiful pussy gaping open, begging for him to cum in. When he lifted his eyes again they were both staring at him, smiling. His face exploded in heat. The couple stood and walked toward him. He shifted in his seat, not sure what he expected. As they passed his table Trench dropped a business card on the booth table and Legs slid her hand up his chest. Then they were gone.
He sat, breathless. What the hell was that about. At least the shock had brought his cock under control. He looked at the check and put a twenty on the table, then picked up the business card. Seems the man was a lawyer, figures. He turned the card over and read, "She enjoys being shared, my office thirty minutes." He laughed out loud. The card turned in his fingers. The message, the address, the message. Then he shook his head. Not a chance. The guy might share but he didn't. He laid the card on the table and walked away. His hand was on the door knob when he turned, picked up the card and slipped it in his pocket. What the hell.
He put the truck in park and looked up at the swanky office building. It was only two stories but very classy and only one light on in the whole place. When he pulled on the ornate door handle, the door didn't budge. A buzzer went off and he heard Trench say, "You're early, you'll have to help get her warmed up." This guy was pushing his buttons and his cock was getting the message. His pants were so tight he could barely breath and his cock was threatening to push out of his waistband.
When he entered the office it had the feel of a gentleman's den in an old English estate. Lots of dark woods, books and muted lighting. However, the curves of her naked body laid out across the wooden desk were visible enough. "Get comfortable, I'll let you have the top and I'll take the bottom." Trench had her legs up around his shoulders and was feasting on her. She wasn't complaining. So he stripped out of everything but his slacks and stepped behind the desk. He leaned over her body and took an erect nipple in his teeth, biting gently. She bit back, sinking her teeth into his abdomen. He continued working the nipple, fingering the other as she licked and nibble at his stomach. When his slacks fell around his ankles he grinned, she was a firecracker. The moment her mouth closed around his hard cock his world stood still. Holy shit that felt good.
She sucked his swollen head into her hot mouth, tonguing it and scrapping her teeth over it just hard enough. He groaned, opening his eyes as Trench chuckled, "She's good ain't she?" Words were beyond him. Trench lowered her ass and slid into her in one long stroke. She moaned against his cock and sucking him deeper until he hit the back of her throat. Her hand closed over his balls and her middle finger rimmed his asshole. He nearly shot his load right then and there. When Trench began to thrust into her long and hard, he countered, thrusting deep into her throat.
Since her legs were draped over Trench's arms, he slid his hand down over her body and captured her sopping wet clit between his fingers. As he tugged and rubbed her he felt her body tense and begin to shake. Her sex sounds vibrating against his throbbing cock and he knew he was on the edge. As she exploded in orgasm, he slid deep into her throat and lost it. The last thing he saw was a little fountain of her cum squirting a few inches into the air as Trench also filled her.
When his brain cleared he noticed Trench carrying her toward a door at the back of the office. He wasn't sure if his invite had expired so he collapsed in the leather chair. The cool upholstery cooling his overheated body. "Come on, we'll clean up before round two." Round two? He took a deep sigh and stood up on shaky legs. When he stepped thru the door they were standing under the shower's spray. She was soaping his back. He joined them and began lathering her shoulders.
His hands caressed and massaged her body as she did the same for Trench. With Trench facing the wall he felt free to take liberties. As he soaped her ass, he rimmed her and began fucking her with his middle finger. He wrapped his arm around her and pulled her back hard against his body. Then he was slipping over her nipples and soon plunging his fingers deep inside her toasty pussy. As he fingered her front and back he noticed she was having a hard time tending to Trench so he stepped forward. When his hand became sandwiched between her pussy and Trench's ass he didn't think for a moment about it being odd. He figured she was stroking Trench's cock because of the growling. He pulled his fingers from her and pressed his cock against her ass.
She gasped and pressed her beautiful ass back at him as he slipped inside. My god she was tight. He worked in an inch then back, she whimpered. When he finally buried himself fully in her he thought he had found heaven. Suddenly her body lifted an inch as she wrapped her legs around Trench who was sliding into her pussy. When the others cock slammed against his deep inside her he looked up. Trench was staring at him, and when he thrust hard so did Trench. They continued to batter each other within her body. She came hard, her body clamping his cock so tight in her ass he wasn't able to move for a moment.
When she relaxed a bit they continued, soon he was seeing stars, and when Trench shot his load inside her, he could actually feel the assault which triggered his release. His body locked and he just kept cumming. One last thrust from Trench and she came again. As one they slid down to the shower floor. Bodies separating, their combined cream swirling and disappearing down the drain. The water beat at their sated and satisfied bodies. None able to comprehend the inevitable round three.