Disclaimer: all characters in this story are strictly over 18 years old. This story is part fiction, part self-reflection. I hope you enjoy it!
I would like to thank HeyAll for helping me. Please check out his work. His writing is great.
I'd love to hear feedback. It drives me to write more. Please email me at my profile.
Chapter 10: His personal pornstar
The camera flash sounded extremely loud in the men's locker room. I looked around nervously.
"Relax babe. It's 7pm. No one is in school. Literally no one."
I nodded at him and smoothed my skirt. I was in full cheering uniform as instructed. I'd even done my makeup gameday style and put my blonde hair in a ponytail. I looked ready for a game, except for the fact that I had no bra on and my pussy was bare under the skirt.
Josh looked comically like a real photographer with his baseball hat, sling bag and polaroid camera hanging from his neck. He looked so darn cute as always.
I smiled wide at the camera in an A pose with my hands behind me.
"Fuck that's beautiful babe," came his reply, followed by a flash.
Josh pleaded and cajoled me for a full day before I caved and agreed to this 'activity'. I just couldn't resist his charms.
And so here I was, in the men's locker room, posing for his pleasure. I went through the typical poses. Some automatically became pornographic because of the lack of underwear. It's amazing how much of a difference panties make.
I lifted one leg up and held it out straight, my outstretched hand completed the V. My pussy lips separated slightly and I felt the cool air caress my hole.
"Fuck look at that perfect pussy, can you believe my cock's been pounding it?"
Oh yes, I believed it. The barrage of compliments, though crude, was honestly really sweet. He made me feel so attractive.
"Bend over."
"Fuck, look at that hole. Look back at me."
Flash!
"Spread your cheeks wide, both hands. Let's see those holes."
Flash!
"Babe, reach between your legs. Put some fingers in that pretty pussy. Two fingers, no three!"
Flash!
"Smile baby. Don't be so serious. Show me how much you like your pussy played with."
My mind was wheeling from all the instructions. I plastered on a smile as I continued defiling my pussy.
"Ok, now take your top off. Just leave the skirt on."
Flash!
"Look at those gorgeous tits. Pull on those nipples, get them hard baby please."
I did as he said. His sexually charged poses had gotten me horny as well. My slit started glistening. Josh must've noticed it because the poses became more depraved.
I found myself lying down on the bench near the lockers. I opened my legs wide and used two fingers from each hand to spread my pussy open, all at Josh's direction.
"Look at that fucking cunt. It's perfection. Smile baby, stretch that hole open and smile for me."
Flash!
He pulled out the dildo from his bag and greased it up. I gulped with trepidation. He used it's suction base to stick it to his designated locker, a foot from the ground.
"Babe please, I need you to fuck yourself against my locker. Everytime I change I want to remember you stuffing your pussy against my locker. Do it for me."
I gingerly walked towards the locker and got on my hands and knees. He'd been sweet enough to put a towel down.
I lined up the rubbery tip with my pussy. I watched Josh squat down in front of me, aiming the camera straight at my face.
"I don't have much film left baby. I need to stop wasting shots. I want this one to be perfect ok?"
I nodded and slowly backed up, my pussy slowly got filled up. I finally felt my ass touch the cool metal. I looked at the camera and smiled. Josh didn't take the picture. I took the hint and started fucking myself.
Still no flash.
I started going faster. Moans escaped my lips involuntarily. I smashed my ass against his locker with every thrust, the metallic banging sound and my pussy squelching formed a lewd cacophony echoing through the tiled room.
And yet, no flash.
Eventually I had abused my pussy to the point of no return. I slammed my pussy back all the way, feeling the dildo's base pressed against my stretched hole. It was too much. I bucked wildly with pleasure as my orgasm took over.
Flash!
He finally got the shot he wanted. I slowly opened my eyes to see a large grin on his face. He put the camera down and pulled his pants to his ankles. He knelt in front of me, his hard cock grazed my nose.
I instinctively took it into my mouth, relaxing my jaw and trying to stuff as much of my lover's cock into me. He groaned loudly, causing echoes throughout the tiled room.
The dildo still lodged in my pussy started feeling good again.
I started fucking myself on it once more. This also allowed Josh to basically use my mouth as another wet hole to fuck. He gathered up the skirt around my waist and pulled it taut, using it as leverage to hump my face.
It still blows my mind that just two months prior, my pussy had been untouched. Now? I was on my hands and knees in the public locker room, getting plowed in both ends. And it felt so good.
Every time Josh's cock went deeper and past my tonsils, he moaned like he was in heaven. I was glad that our practice was paying off. I resolved myself to taking it deeper and deeper, suppressing my gag reflex, just so I could give Josh the pleasure I knew he deserved.
After several more minutes of spitroasting, Josh abruptly pulled his cock out of my mouth
"I don't want to cum yet," he said breathily.
He reached down and kissed me. He slowly pulled me forward, the dildo is my pussy slid out with a plop. I felt my pussy struggle to close. I looked back and saw that there was a trail of pussy juice dripping down the bottom half of his locker. For some reason, that scene embarrassed me the most that night.
He pulled the dildo off, helped me up and walked me toward the shower room. It was a large rectangular room with open showers all along the sides.
I felt him unzip my skirt. It fell to the floor. As I stepped out of them, I was finally how Josh liked me, totally naked.
We walked into the shower room where he motioned for me to lie down on the cold tile. I would've normally been grossed out but my pussy was now thinking for me.
He handed me the dildo.
"Suck it."
His voice was stern. I started pleasuring the dildo like it was Josh's cock. I could taste my pussy on it.
"Deeper."
I took it deeper into my mouth, feeling it approach the back of my throat.
"Finger your pussy. Three fingers."
I did as instructed, feeling incredibly aroused.
"Take the dildo deeper."
I mentally prepared myself and pushed the dildo balls deep. My splayed pussy was simultaneously filled to the brim by three of my fingers.
Flash!
There was now a photograph of me deepthroating a dildo and fingering my hole, on the floor of the locker room shower. And I didn't care. All I cared about was the pleasure in my pussy and making Josh think I was the sexiest girl in the world.
"Just imagine all the boners in this room if the guys knew what you did here. Fuck, I wish they could see how sexy you are."
The mental image of hundreds of cocks pointed towards me as I writhed on the floor was really getting to me.
I watched Josh undress and point all the shower heads towards me. He turned each one on. I was being drenched by eight shower heads at once. I tossed the dildo aside as he got between my legs.
It was like we were in a rainstorm. He slid up until his face was right on top of mine, his cock nudging desperately at my clit. He took a hold of my hands and held them down on the tiled floor above me. He kissed me deeply as the water continued to fall. I was gasping for breath when he finally broke the kiss.
"You are fucking wild. You are just fucking....perfect."
He kissed me again while simultaneously ramming his cock into my spread pussy. I moaned around his probing tongue. He immediately started thrusting, sending jolts of pleasure all throughout my body.
That was another round of multiple orgasms for me as he attacked my pussy from every angle right there in the shower. It was a truly unforgettable experience.
Chapter 11 : Sexy School Slut
I vividly remember the days when Josh's heavy petting of me in school escalated rapidly.
It was not enough for him that I let him sneak his fingers down the front of my pants as we made out. It progressed to my pants being pulled down to my ankles. Eventually my pants were pulled off entirely and tossed aside. My top and bra soon followed.
For some reason, seeing me naked while Josh remained fully dressed seemed to push a certain button for him. It drove him wild.
Before long, I was finding myself being pushed to my knees and being fed his cock. My heart would race as I would be butt naked, slobbering on his cock in an empty classroom during lunch.
I remember looking up at his face, twisted in ecstasy, as I desperately impaled my face into his cock to make him cum quickly. Every creak would put me in a panic.
But even that was not enough. I can still recall the feeling of sheer panic and exhilarating lust as I would lay on my back on top of a tiny desk.
Josh would just pound the absolute daylights out of my pussy. He did not have one ounce of concern for the noise as his groin slapped against mine obscenely. His hands gripping and kneading my nude, sweaty body would drive me crazy.
He would occasionally bend down and nibble on my hard nipples, eliciting further suppressed mewling from me. I was sure that the sounds of our sex travelled well into the hallway outside.
As much as it scared me, I cannot even begin to count the number of mind numbing orgasms my pussy enjoyed in that classroom.
One experience in school particularly stands out in my memory due to its stupidly risky nature.
I had gone to my aunt's with my parents the weekend before and for the first time in ages, I hadn't been able to give Josh his daily fuck.
So when I met him at school on Monday, I knew he'd be very horny. My suspicions were validated during lunch as he pulled me into the third floor science room and all but ripped the clothes off me.
I gasped as he pulled me into him and mauled me with his mouth in an almost primal way. I saw that familiar look in his eye as I gingerly touched his bulge. It was harder than I had ever felt. I got on my knees and pulled his fly down. I reached inside and pulled his large cock out. It was leaking angrily.
I had barely licked the tip of his penis when he began thrusting into my mouth, trying to make it go deeper in an ever urgent fashion. It was like my mouth was just another wet hole for him to plunder.
I could feel his desire for me radiating out of his pores. It made my pussy gush like nothing else. I diligently set about fellating him. I took his cock to the back of my throat as often as I could, causing him to moan loudly. I wanted to give him all the pleasure I could muster.
Suddenly, he pulled his cock out of my mouth. He grabbed one of the high stools from the lab desks with one hand and my arm with the other.
He pulled me up and towards the classroom door. I thought he'd gone insane. I, of course, resisted. But he was too strong.
And before I could even realize, I was standing smack dab in the middle of the school hallway. Granted, it was the third floor and during lunch period, meaning it was deserted. But that didn't mean no one couldn't have walked up.
I tried running back into the classroom but I couldn't escape Josh's grip. I saw the look of uncontrollable lust in his eyes and stopped fighting him. I knew it was useless to do so.
He plopped the stool in the hallway and motioned for me to sit on it.
Once I was on it, I felt his large hands grab my waist and pull it backwards while simultaneously pushing my neck forward.
I immediately knew what he was doing.
In this position, my pussy was hanging over the edge of the stool. It was also at the perfect height for his cock to enter me.
I heard the familiar sound of him spitting on his cock. Before I could brace myself, my hole had been stuffed to the hilt. I had to cover my own mouth to stop myself from screaming down the hallway.
I can only describe the next 15 minutes as a vaginal assault. His cock, slick with pussy juices, pistoned in and out of me nonstop.
I convulsed from the pleasure and discomfort several times but Josh never let me fall off the stool. His hands were gripping my waist like a vice. My eyes were rolling to the back of my head as I let out filthy, guttural moans. It was like my pussy had gotten addicted to his thick cock.
I would occasionally peep out through my shut eyes and get reminded of the fact that I was in the middle of the school hallway at noon, getting fucked like a wanton slut. Hundreds of students had walked through there, joking around and gossiping.
I couldn't even fathom what would've happened if they saw me now. Little Miss perfect Christian. Having her slippery hole practically pummeled.
The fear of that scenario would cause my pussy to involuntarily contract, causing Josh to groan with pleasure and fuck me even harder. It was a vicious cycle.
The 15 minutes felt like an eternity. I heard his breathing get shallow when he suddenly slammed all the way into me and held it there. Josh finally unloaded inside me with a loud groan. It echoed down the hallway.
I felt rope after rope of hot liquid fill me up. He kept his cock inside me until I felt it soften. As he pulled out of me, I felt air enter my open pussy.
Josh continued holding me on the stool. I felt his cum fall out of my pussy in large blobs and splatter onto the tiled floor.
He finally let go of me and I heard him zip up behind me. I tried getting up and realized I was too exhausted to move.
He walked in front of me and watched me grasping on the stool. He beamed with absolute satisfaction and joy as he looked at me. I can't imagine the pride he must've felt as a teenage boy to have convinced a girl to do what I'd done.
He must've sensed my exhaustion because he scooped me up in his arms and carried me into the classroom.
The visual was that of a groom carrying his bride across their home's threshold. But the key difference being that I was covered in sweat, naked and had a gaping pussy that was drooling semen.
I looked back at the stool and saw what amounted to a small puddle of both Josh's and my cum on the floor. I must've leaked like a faucet. I got dressed slowly as Josh went out to clean up the evidence.
I still cannot believe that we were never once caught during our in-school trysts. I'm glad we didn't because our stupid teenage hormones could have gotten us in some very real trouble.
Feedback welcomed at my profile.
Disclaimer: all characters in this story are strictly over 18 years old.