BREAK TIME!
Eight Was More Than Enough! Condo #8 and #9. Game 23
We slept late Tuesday morning at the condo. As I was finger fucking Dollie she told me "make it a quick fuck this morning. I need a break. My pussy hurts! My tits hurt! My whole body hurts! But I feel great!"
I suggested we skip it. She insisted I fuck her. I pumped her full in a short time, then showered.
While I was shaving and she was taking a bath I mentioned something. "What if all of those finger fucks yesterday were fucks? You'd have jazz coming out your ears!"
Dollie said something like "GROSS! I was cumming enough myself without anymore gooey stuff in there."
We took a scenic ride most of the day. We weren't at the condo to answer the phone and didn't even fuck at bedtime. Dollie was finally fucked up. Or fucked out!
Every time I mentioned too many guys and too long playing she'd say "But it was fun!"
I said "Maybe we'll get ten guys next time then." I got slapped or cussed.
Dollie loved getting in the last word. "Okay maybe. But only once for each guy." She said "this was like a whole ball team because I probably got fingered over 25 times. I'll never be able to have sex again!"
I'm sure Dollie was right! Eight times three times or more and nearly eight hours? I reminded her several times that she invited more guys and never told us to stop.
Just as we were ready to jump in bed the phone rang and Dollie answered. One of the boys wanted to make sure Dollie was okay. Mikey, sweet of him. Dollie told him to tell the others she was feeling great but worn out. She thanked Mikey.
As she hung up the phone I heard her say "okay, see you tomorrow afternoon."
As I agreed earlier, no goodnight fuck.
About all I got out of her before she fell asleep was "I'm gonna get fingered tomorrow."
Joking, I asked "you just told me you'd never be able to fuck again." No answer.
---------------------------
Tomorrow would be Wednesday!
-----------------
BRAGGING DAY Condo #9
Found out Mikey wasn't coming over until around 5PM Wednesday to play around alone this time. Dollie told him to explain to the others she needs a break but he is welcome for a quickie. Gawd that woman was loving those young fingers!
Dollie was dieing to tell Helen about what she did Monday. I called Hank at work and told him we'd like to visit just to tell about what's been happening at the condo. I'd asked him when it would be a good time to meet him and Helen. Maybe we could eat and talk at the same time. I also explained that from at least 5PM to 6PM we'd be busy with one of Dollie's young friends.
Again, noon was our appointment with Hank. I always loved noon appointments. Helen called back later and told us to stay put. They will pick us up to go eat, maybe around 11AM or so.
Remember those cheap steak houses? Ponderosa and other buffet type places? The place was not busy and we had a fairly private table where we could talk. Hank and I wore jeans and Tee shirts. Helen and Dollie jeans and medium plunging blouses. Dress casual Helen said, so we were casual.
What always amazes me is how Dollie's medium plunging blouses become maximum plunging as she tugs and tucks them into her jeans! Both gals had the same problem. But obviously the few other older diners seemed to like the problem. Keeping all four big boobs out of lunch was also a problem.
We ate and we talked. They were both shocked at Dollie taking on seven men at a time for eight hours. Helen said it would have killed her.
Helen smiled and said "what a way to go!"
As we told every little detail, Helen and Hank were also concerned about safety. Again we explained we never planned on having more than two men at the condo at any time. The first boys cheated and things just happened.
We've been friends with four of them for over two years and they've always been super gentle and understanding. The big thing with all of them is they know if they ever get out of hand we'd never play games with them again, or their friends.
About the only guy we knew nothing about was neighbor Jerry. He seemed okay and since he lived right across the hall we figured that was our safety. Yes, we didn't know Rick or Dick but that was part of our leverage with the other four boys. Their friends screw up and everyone is out for good! Sometimes it was a gamble.
We got yelled at. First by Helen then by Hank.
"Just why the hell didn't you call us to be your chaperones? I could have distracted half of the crowd with my tits" Helen said.
Of course Hank said "and I could have relieved those poor boys while they rested from all the work."
I put all the blame on Dollie. I said 'remember dear when I suggested calling in Helen and Hank to help?"
Helen kissed me right on the lips, breaking her own rules, thanking me. Lots of laughing and giggling and more questions about details of Monday. We'd finished eating and talking about Monday's affair.
The ladies flashed an old man slobbering on his steak. He paid all our meal tickets even though we protested. They flashed him again in the parking lot as he left in his Caddy.
We got a short tour of the city with Hank and Helen. As we passed the taxi office I reminded Dollie of the good times we had many years before. I still have no idea why we never returned for more taxi games over the years.
We went back to the condo and had maybe an hour of stinky finger and booby squeezing with our new best friends. Several times Dollie mentioned her tits and pussy hurting. Hank kept telling her we really needed Helen there on Monday to give Dollie a break. Hank and I spent more time playing with Helen most of that hour, letting Dollie rest up for her friend Mikey.
They hadn't been gone long when little Mikey arrived. We were keeping that pussy busy again!