This story is the fourth in a series. While it is hoped that this story can enjoyably be read alone, reading the previous stories will provide context and background. This story is a work of fiction. Any similarities to any real person or entity are entirely coincidental and unintended.
*****
That January was a slow month for us. It never really snowed badly, but we got another ice storm a couple of weeks after the first one. It was a fairly dismal month in terms of weather.
It was anything but dismal for the four of us. Financially, we were ok. The relative lack of business gave us plenty of time to focus on each other. Drew was a few years younger than Caitlyn and quite a few years younger than Cassie and me. Bringing Drew into our relationship injected new energy and enthusiasm. Adding Drew also forced us to think about our very untraditional relationship and our commitments to each other. That process was very positive, I thought, and I think that we all ended up with the realization that the four of us loved each other very much. We also had some really fantastic sex together. Had I known how the year was going to go, I would have savored those happy days even more than I did.
Having gotten over the initial shock of learning that her older sister lived and worked mostly in the nude, and having decided that she liked going nude too, at least at times, Drew's younger sister Denise became a more regular presence at Brookhaven Inn. Denise, of course, was not a part of our four-way sexual relationship.
By February, people were starting to want to get out a bit more. We started seeing more weekend bookings by guests from relatively close places like Cleveland, Columbus, and Pittsburgh. Among our first regulars back were Tony and Cheryl Leland. Tony and Cheryl had started coming to the Inn shortly after it re-opened as clothing optional. They were from Pittsburgh, where I understood that Tony owned his own company. Tony and Cheryl were now coming four or five times a year.
Tony and Cheryl were very nice people. They were, probably, twenty years older than Cassie and me. Cheryl was still a very attractive woman with a marvelous all-over tan. I'm no judge of male attractiveness, but what I heard from all three of Cassie, Caitlyn, and Drew led me to believe that Tony was considered very attractive too. Tony and Cheryl would strip off as soon as they got to the Inn, sometimes arriving nude for check in and staying nude for their entire stay. They were among the very few people who would eat nude in our restaurant.
We were very pleased when Drew's old sorority came back to hold its dinner/dance at the Inn for a second year. As far as I know, however, no one had the epiphany which Drew had undergone the year before. However, we did have a number of nude college girls around the pool for a weekend which was not a bad thing.
We also had another side effect from the media coverage we had gotten a year or so earlier. A sociology professor at the University asked us to talk to a class that she gave to juniors and seniors on "non-traditional lifestyles." She wanted us to talk about nudism. All four of us had become eager for any opportunity to promote clothes-free living and, of course, we had an economic incentive to do so.
The four of us decided that Cassie, Drew, and I would talk to the class. Cassie was going because she was the person who had decided to make Brookhaven Inn clothing optional and had started us all down the naked path. We thought that Drew should go because she was closest in age to the students with whom we'd be speaking. I was picked simply because I'm male. Caitlyn would mind the store while we talked.
Neither Cassie nor I had attended the University, so we had only a vague idea where we were supposed to go for the sociology class. Drew, less than a year past her graduation, knew exactly where we were going, where to park, and where on campus to get drinkable coffee.
Assistant Professor Janet Morgan was considerably younger than she had sounded on the phone. She was a very small woman with long wavy black hair and an olive complexion. She was also one of those perpetually upbeat people, punctuating each statement with "awesome" and "super." Nonetheless, she seemed quite intelligent. From what I could see, she was a very small-breasted woman, but her jeans suggested a very nice, tight ass.
The class consisted of about 25 juniors and seniors. Dr. Morgan said that most, but not all, were sociology majors. I wondered to myself what one does these days with a degree in sociology. The class seemed about evenly split between girls and guys. I didn't pay that much attention to the guys, but the girls seemed a fair cross-section of what you find at a reasonably large state university: thin, heavy, tall, short, very attractive, and not so attractive.
Rather than a traditional lecture hall, the class met in a small seminar room. The students' seats were arranged in a semi-circle. At the front was a desk with a small lectern. Dr. Morgan had placed three chairs in front of the desk, facing the semi-circle.
The students filtered into the class room, some eyeing us curiously. Dr. Morgan called the class to order, announced the topic of the day's discussion, and introduced Cassie, Drew and me to her class.
When Dr. Morgan had finished her introductions, she said to us, "If you'd be more comfortable naked, please feel free to undress."
While it superficially seemed like just a small courtesy, Dr. Morgan's voice communicated that she was really hoping that we'd agree to strip off. Cassie, Drew, and I looked at each other. Slight smiles confirmed what we'd do next.
Cassie responded to Dr. Morgan, "Thank you. That is very nice of you. Of course, we'd prefer to be naked."
Cassie, Drew, and I began taking off our clothes in front of the class. I was watching the students watch us strip. A few were wide-eyed. A couple of the girls looked down at their notebooks. A few smiled and made eye contact with us. A couple of the guys were visibly excited at the prospect of seeing two very beautiful live women completely nude.
There was something sexy about undressing in front of twenty-five people who were close enough that they could reach out and touch us. Cassie handled it with her usual aplomb. Drew was enthusiastic, as always, and, when she removed her top, I and everyone else could see that her nipples were hard and pointed.
Once we had finished undressing and putting our clothes on the floor, we all turned to face the class with our arms at our sides. After giving her class a minute or two to observe our full frontal nudity, Dr. Morgan helpfully offered us towels to sit on. We sat down nude in front of the class. All three of us were careful not to cross our legs or otherwise conceal our genitals.
As we had discussed with Dr. Morgan by phone beforehand, each of us told the class how we had become involved in social nudism. Dr. Morgan had asked us not to go into our personal feelings about the experience of being nude. Part of what she wanted to do was see the extent to which her students asked us about our thoughts and feelings.
I guess that it took about a half-hour for Cassie, Drew, and then me to relate our individual histories with nudism. After that, Dr. Morgan opened the class up to questions.
The first few questions were mundane. A couple of students asked wisecrack questions which Dr. Morgan politely, but firmly squelched. Then, a rather tall, very attractive young lady with long straight brown hair asked, "How you felt and what were you thinking as you undressed in front of us at the start of class?"
Cassie answered first. "Well, there is a sense of anticipation and excitement that I'm going to be stripping naked and that a group of strangers will be looking at my bare body. I also have an eagerness to get my clothes off. Once I'm naked, there are several thoughts. One is a sense of freedom, liberation if you will, not only from my clothes but also from the societal strictures which require me to cover myself. There is also a sense of warm gratification knowing that people are looking at and, hopefully enjoying, my nude body. There is also a sense of empowerment when I'm naked around people wearing clothes. Basically, its 'I get to go naked and you don't.'"
Drew laughed. "I just like taking my clothes off. The first time I was around a nude man, who was not my lover, not then anyway, it was Harry. He seemed so happy to be naked that I had to try it, so I got naked in front of him. It was a wonderful feeling to be free and to know that he could see all of me. I get that same feeling every time I get naked with other people around."
I said, "Cassie basically said it for me. There is a pleasure or joy that I can't really explain in being nude around other people. My experience has been that most people who try it feel that same joy."
Someone else asked, "Is there any part of your bodies that it embarrasses you for people to see?"
We all shook our heads "no." Then Drew popped out of her chair. "You haven't really seen my butt," she said. She turned her back to the class, spread her legs a bit, and bent far over at the waist, exposing her pussy and asshole to the class. Drew held that position for a few moments before she straightened up and turned around. She was smiling and was, I could tell, excited.
Once Drew sat down, Cassie said, "Well, if the young girl can do it, I suppose that the old lady should too." Cassie stood up, turned, and bent over, showing her pussy and asshole to the class.
Most of the students seemed amazed, if not shocked, that the girls were exposing themselves so completely. I noticed, however, that the tall brunette was smiling and had a gleam in her eye.
I assumed that I was exempt from the stand up and bend over routine. Who wants to see a middle-aged guy's asshole? However, once Cassie straightened up, she said, "Ok, Harry. Your turn."
Drew poked my arm playfully. I decided that, if the girls had done it, I really had no excuse. So, I stood up, turned my back to the class, spread my legs a bit, and bent over. It was actually kind of nice. I didn't know that Drew had walked behind me until she slapped my bare ass.
"Of course," Drew said, "a guy in this position is a different image than a woman. You have the manly ass and, my favorite part, the penis and testicles hanging down between his legs." Drew reached between my legs, grabbed my balls, and gave me a gentle squeeze. If she wasn't careful, I'd be showing an erection to the class soon too. However, Drew let go quickly. I straightened up and turned around. As I did, Drew gave me a peck on the cheek.
The next question was, I think, inevitable given Drew playing with me. "Do any of you have a sexual relationship with each other?"
We all chuckled. Cassie said, simply, "yes."
Drew decided to elaborate. "The three of us and Caitlyn, the other manager at the Inn, are lovers. We have sex among ourselves daily if possible."
I hastened to add, "Social nudity isn't inherently sexual. I have no doubt that the four of us would be in a relationship even if we lived clothed. Cassie, Drew, and Caitlyn are just the three most extraordinary people, and the three most beautiful women, I've ever met. I love all three of them deeply."
"And we all love Harry and each other," Cassie added.
Having shocked Dr. Morgan's class, I thought that I'd put them on the spot. "I want to ask you a question," I said. "After listening to us and seeing us, how many of you would go nude in a social setting?"
The shock was mine. Over half of the class raised their hands, about equally male and female. The tall brunette was smiling as she held her hand in the air.
"Well," Cassie said, "I think that we can give you that opportunity if you're serious. Come out and stay a night at the Inn. Just tell us when you call that you are in this class. I think that we can afford to give you a substantial discount."
Dr. Morgan piped up, "That's very nice of you. Perhaps we can do that as a class activity, purely voluntary, of course." Dr. Morgan seemed a bit eager for the opportunity to go nude herself.
As we were dressing after the class, the tall brunette came up to us. She introduced herself as Gwen Spencer. "You guys were very impressive," she said. "Before I walked into this class today, I would have immediately rejected the idea of taking my clothes off and walking around where people would see me. You have largely convinced me that it is not only a perfectly normal thing to do, but a lot of fun too."
That, of course, is what we love to hear. Drew said, "You really should come out to the Inn and experience going nude. Don't worry about the money. We'll work something out."
Dr. Morgan came up to us. Somewhat bashfully, she said, "I really would like to bring my class out to your Inn so that we can all experience social nudity."
Cassie said, "Give us a call and let us know how many people you will have. The pool and spa is useable year round, so I'm sure that we can find a time when we can let you stay for very little and you and your students can have a great experience." I wasn't placing any bets on getting that call.
I was unduly pessimistic. Dr. Morgan called us a week later. She said that she had a dozen students who wanted to stay at the Inn, that a few wanted to bring boyfriends or girlfriends, and that, counting her and her husband, she had 21 people. Cassie, Caitlyn, Drew, and I talked about it and found a weekend in April when we had high vacancy. We proposed that, if the group would eat at least one meal at our restaurant, we'd comp the rooms. Dr. Morgan agreed. We were betting that at least some of the class would eventually return as paying guests.
The weekend on which the sociology class came to the Inn was unseasonably warm, which was good. Dr. Morgan had arranged for a University van to drive them out together and pick them up Sunday morning. "I wanted to see the dynamics between us while we were clothed in a small space with everyone anticipating that we would all be naked in front of each other soon," Dr. Morgan explained to us. "I don't know if I gained any useful insights, but it was a sexy experience," she laughed.
After everyone was checked in, we arranged to meet with the class on the lawn behind the Inn. Since they had already met Cassie and Drew, we decided that Caitlyn would give them an orientation and tour. Caitlyn asked me to join her even though the class had already met me.
Caitlyn and I were standing nude on the lawn when Dr. Morgan and her husband, Jeremy Wright, came out. Both of them seemed to be enjoying their own nudity. My speculation about Dr. Morgan's body had been largely correct. She had very small breasts but great legs and a lovely ass. Her husband was a compact, wiry man; a marathon runner I guessed. Both of them looked better nude than clothed.
Slowly, the students and significant others gathered naked on the lawn. There was a wide range of body types on display. The one thing that they had in common was that everyone was pretty pale. Several students had their hands covering their genitals. However, Gwen, the tall girl, stood confidently with her arms at her sides. She had good reason to be confident. Gwen was attractive dressed. However, she was a great beauty naked with perfectly formed breasts, a flat abdomen, and long elegant legs.
When everyone had gathered, Dr. Morgan announced, "Now, the first thing that we are going to do is take a good look at each other. We all know that we've not seen each other naked before and that we're all going to look so let's get that over with upfront. Come on, hands at your sides!"
Slowly, the students moved their hands away from their pubes. Everyone looked at everyone else. There were a few nervous giggles.
A heavy-set girl (whom I admired for being there) said, "I'm surprised. I thought every dick looked pretty much alike, but every guy here has one that's a bit different."
Dr. Morgan responded, "Yes. There is tremendous individuality to penises." She laughed, "That is part of what makes looking at them and feeling them so interesting." I think that the class was getting a new take on their professor.
Caitlyn and I led a tour of the grounds. Caitlyn went over the basic ground rules, like always sit on a towel and no clothing allowed in the pool and spa area.
"What about sex?" one of the guys asked.
Caitlyn laughed. "We're very much in favor of it. However, we do not allow overt sexual behavior in the public parts of the Inn in order to avoid offending any of our guests. Just use your common sense: if you're going to do anything sexual where other people can see you, make damn sure that they are willing to see you."
After we finished the tour, Dr. Morgan announced, "Ok. You're on your own until dinner. We will meet in the restaurant at 6:00. No clothes allowed."
Much later that evening, Drew asked me if I wanted to go to the spa. It was chill enough in the evenings that we still had the "bubble" up that we used to enclose the pool and spa for winter use. We asked Caitlyn if she wanted to join us. However, Caitlyn was working intently on her computer and could not be bothered. Cassie said that she was feeling very tired. Drew and I went by ourselves.
Despite the relatively late hour, I was not surprised to see Dr. Morgan and her husband in the spa. I was a little surprised to also see two students from her class, who were introduced to us as Eve and Brett. I surmised that Eve and Brett were a couple.
Drew and I got in the spa, which could easily accommodate more than the six people using it. There was substantial space between the three couples. Eve was very outgoing and had a number of questions about Brookhaven and about nudism more generally. Many of her questions were most appropriately answered by a woman and Drew did, I thought, a good job. While that conversation was going on, I thought that I detected Dr. Morgan and Jeremy playing with each other under the water.
Janet Morgan finally interrupted Drew's conversation with Eve. "Caitlyn said that sex is ok here if the people around are ok with it," she said. "Does anyone mind if I fuck my husband?" The four of us shook our heads indicating that we didn't mind, although Brett looked a little shocked.
Jeremy stayed seated in the spa. Dr. Morgan stood up, turned her lovely ass towards us, straddled her husband, and lowered herself onto him. She started slowly, but was soon riding him energetically. Eve seemed fascinated watching her professor fuck. Her boyfriend seemed even more shocked. I felt Drew's hand on my dick under the water. I turned to look at her. Her eyes were sparking and she had what I called her "devilish" smile. As I put my hand between her thighs, she spread her legs to give me better access. Drew and I started fondling and fingering each other as we watched Janet fuck Jeremy.
Dr. Morgan gave her husband a good ride. Judging by their respective sounds, they came well and pretty simultaneously. When Dr. Morgan got her breath back, she got off of her husband and turned to face the four of us. She was smiling broadly. Her skin was still flushed and her nipples were still hard. "Did we inspire anyone?" she asked. We weren't too concerned about people having sex in the spa because it was due to be drained and cleaned on Sunday anyway.
Drew had gotten me quite hard. With her hand still around my dick, Drew stood up pulling me with her. Drew led me out of the spa. She let go of me and pulled a cushion off of a lounge chair. She tossed the cushion on the concrete and lay down on her back. I got down on top of her and let her guide my dick into her cunt. Drew commanded my entire attention when I made love to her. However, as I thrust into her with increasing force and nibbled on her nipples, I was vaguely aware that the other four people had gotten out of the spa and were standing around us watching.
Drew had her legs wrapped tightly around me. We had made love to each other enough by then to know what to do to get each other off. Sex with Drew was the ultimate experience of teamwork.
Drew could tell that I was ready to shoot. She dug her nails into the backs of my shoulders and began panting "come . . . in . . . me . . . now!" That was uncharacteristic of Drew and, I suspected, was for the benefit of our audience. I did come in her, hard. Drew had not yet come, so I kept working on the spot which I knew that she liked best. Not long after I had shot, Drew shuddered and clamped her legs even more tightly around me. She made a few barking sounds. Then she relaxed. She smiled and kissed me. We lay there and kissed for a while, with me still inside of her.
I finally pulled out of Drew, stood up, and helped Drew up off of the cushion. Janet, Jeremy, and Eve were all smiling. I couldn't read Brett's expression. Eve finally said, "Wow!"
Despite what I suspected were very mixed emotions, Brett had developed a hard-on. As Drew and I moved away from the cushion, Eve gently pushed Bret towards it. Eve got him on the cushion on his back, straddled him, and, as she lowered herself down, took his dick in her hand and guided it into her. Eve did most of the work riding Brett. She was a small, athletically built young woman with no fat. It was very enjoyable watching her muscles work under her slightly olive skin as she fucked Brett. I had the strong sense that Eve was enjoying being watched. Brett had an exciting girlfriend. I hoped that he appreciated her.
I'm sure that Brett came and I think that Eve did. She was up off of Brett quickly, helped him up, and turned to look at the rest of us with a huge smile. As a sort of curtain call, Eve reached a hand between her legs and wiped some of Brett's come off of her thigh with a finger. She put the finger in her mouth and sucked it clean.
The week after we had the sociology class at the Inn, Drew was notified that her father had died. Drew took the news more with resignation than grief. Her father had made good money and had benefits as a machinist until he was laid off several years ago. He had not found regular work after that and Drew's mother had gotten sick. Drew's mother had passed away the previous year.
I agreed to drive Drew and Denise to Toledo for the funeral. Hopefully, I could help them sort out whatever needed to be done with the estate. We took Cassie's SUV in case the girls wanted to bring anything back with them.
The house in which Drew and Denise had been raised was a solid, if old, house in a blue collar part of Toledo. The peeling paint and uncut grass suggested that their father hadn't invested much time on maintenance recently. It didn't take much effort from me to learn that, although he had owned the house free and clear when he was laid off; their father had since mortgaged the house for all it was worth. There was no equity and he had gotten behind on the payments. In fact, their father had no money anywhere that we could find.
The girls' aunt (their mother's sister) had already paid for the funeral, although I did get her to agree to let me reimburse her for half without telling Drew or Denise. The funeral was very sparsely attended. Both girls treated it as something which they had been anticipating. The girls visited with their aunt for a time after the funeral. The three of us went to dinner that night at a Mexican restaurant which the girls had liked growing up.
After dinner, we attacked the issue of what Drew and Denise wanted to salvage from their house. I was surprised at how little the girls wanted to take. It all fit in the SUV.
While the day of the funeral had been rainy, the next day dawned as one of those really pretty spring days we have in Ohio every so often. I was grateful for good weather for our drive back to the southeastern corner of the state.
Drew and I had slept together in the master bedroom. Denise had slept in the girls' old room. Drew and I were sharing the rather small shower when the shower door opened and Denise stepped in. Drew always claimed that Denise was the more attractive of the two of them. Drew was wrong. However, Denise was an attractive woman, especially naked.
No one said anything, and I certainly did not complain when both women started washing me. Although it was very cramped with three of us in the shower, I did enjoy the privilege of washing each of Drew and Denise, all over.
Although the three of us talked for most of the long drive home, no one mentioned our shower that morning. After we had dropped Denise at the apartment she shared (we would store her things from the house in Toledo at the Inn), Drew broached the subject.
"I hope that you didn't mind Denise joining us in the shower this morning," Drew said. "I think that she was feeling down and wanted some human contact."
"How could I mind showering with two beautiful women?" I replied.
Drew smiled. "You know," she said, "Denise likes you a lot." I left that comment alone.
Before we knew it, we were gearing up for the Memorial Day weekend, which was one of the make-or-break times of our year. Fortunately, the Inn was fully booked. Unfortunately, as it turned out, our guests included Tony and Cheryl Leland. It was about mid-day on Memorial Day when Tony knocked on our office doorframe and asked, "Cassie, Harry, could I talk to you for a moment?"
Tony came in and closed the door. "You guys probably didn't know, but I sold my business in Pittsburgh late last year. A German outfit offered me such a ridiculous price that I couldn't turn it down. I've been looking for something to do since."
Tony paused. I wondered where this was leading. "Cheryl and I spend a lot of time in the winter at a resort in Florida. It has about 260 guest rooms, some condos, a nightclub, two restaurants, and the works. It is owned by a large resort operator. It's their only clothing optional resort and many of us who go there feel like the company just doesn't get CO. Anyway, I had heard that the company was trying to unload our resort a couple of months ago, so I bought it. Cheryl and I are going to move there. There's a condo unit we'll use initially but there's also some vacant land, so we may build a house there."
I was happy for Tony that he now had his own nude resort, but I still didn't understand why he was telling us. Perhaps he wanted us to know why he and Cheryl wouldn't be coming to Brookhaven any more. Boy was I wrong!
Tony resumed. "So, now I own a CO resort, but all I know about the hospitality industry is as a consumer. I'm an engineer, not an innkeeper. I need someone to run the place for me and it has to be a nudist. Anyway, it hit me: Caitlyn would be perfect. She obviously knows her stuff. She's very personable. She's a nudist. And she's drop-dead beautiful. Anyway, I'll give her complete autonomy except for things that call for a really huge expenditure. She hires all staff. She gets one of the condos to live in free. And I'll start her out at $ 100k. But, I know that the two of you are very close to Caitlyn, so I don't even want to mention it to her without your permission."
Tony had, undoubtedly knowingly, just put Cassie and me in a shitty position. On one hand, it would be devastating to us personally and to the business if we lost Caitlyn. On the other hand, it sounded like a great move for Caitlyn professionally. It would be unforgivably selfish for us to keep her from the opportunity if she wanted it. Shit!
Cassie had a look on her face like she'd been gut-punched. I said, "Well, we will have the original investors completely out of the business by this fall. We were going to give Caitlyn an equity share in the Inn when that happened."
Tony thought for a moment. "Yeah, I suppose that I could give her ten or fifteen percent of the equity."
"Tony," I asked, "would you let us talk to Caitlyn first? Give us a couple of hours and then you can offer it to her."
Tony gave what, in other circumstances, would be a very friendly smile. "Sure. I'll wait until around 3:00 p.m. Thanks."
Tony left the office. Cassie looked at me sadly. "We can't lose Caitlyn," she said.
"I know," I replied. "But, we have to let Tony pitch it to her. We just have to hope that she turns him down."
I went out to find Caitlyn and brought her back to the office. I let Cassie explain what Tony wanted to tell her.
Caitlyn's first response was, "No. I'm not leaving the two of you."
I then spoke words which I regretted for a long time. "Caitlyn, we love you. We want you to stay here forever. As soon as we're done paying off the California people, we're going to make you an owner. That will be no later than November. But, it does sound like Tony has a good career opportunity for you. It is a much bigger and better-known resort, more a hotel than our little Inn. And you can stay in the clothing optional part of the industry. You owe it to yourself to hear him out. But, I'll be honest; I hope that you turn him down."
I don't know exactly what was said between Caitlyn and Tony. We didn't hear anything more about it for several days. It was a warm Friday afternoon when Caitlyn came into the office and closed the door. She had tears in her eyes.
"Cassie, Harry," Caitlyn said with her voice cracking, "I've talked to Tony Leland about that job in Florida several times." Caitlyn stopped and looked at the floor. That told me that what I was about to hear was not going to be good news.
Caitlyn took a deep breath. She raised her head and looked at us. Cassie reached out and gripped my hand. "Harry was right," Caitlyn started. "It is a great opportunity and I owe it to myself to take it. I hate to do this to you. You have both been so great to me. But, I'm taking Tony's job. I'll start down there just after July 4. That gives me about a month to train Drew. She's very smart. She'll do a great job for you."
I felt like there had just been a death in the family. Cassie said, very softly, "Caitlyn, if it doesn't work out down there, you'll always be welcome back here." I wasn't entirely sure that I agreed with that, but now wasn't the time to say so.
Caitlyn said, "I'm sorry" and started to cry. She turned and went out the door. I looked at Cassie who was also crying. I hugged Cassie for a long time.
Finally, I said, "I need to find Drew and tell her what has happened."
I found Drew standing nude in the bar talking to our bartender about how we could improve our drink service at the pool and spa. I took her aside and explained that Caitlyn was leaving us. Drew had, I believe, mixed emotions. She was upset that Caitlyn was leaving because she liked Caitlyn. Caitlyn was impossible not to like. However, Drew also saw the opportunity to quit grad school and take Caitlyn's place at the Inn. I was not happy with that idea, but we were going to need Drew. She had experience with the Inn. She was very smart. She was a hard worker. She seemed dedicated to our lifestyle.
I must give Caitlyn and Drew both credit. In character for both of them, they worked very hard to give Drew all of Caitlyn's knowledge during the month before Caitlyn left. In other respects, our relationship changed, as I guess was inevitable. My conversations with Caitlyn became confined to business matters. Some combination of Cassie, Caitlyn, and I had made love together almost nightly since shortly after Caitlyn came to the Inn. However, neither Cassie nor I had sex with Caitlyn again. While Caitlyn officially still lived with Cassie and me in the manager's suite, Caitlyn found an unrented room to sleep in most nights during that month. It was sad. The personal relationship was ending along with the business relationship. Cassie seemed to take that very hard.
July 4 fell on a Wednesday that year, meaning that we were busy for the entire week. Fortunately, we were booked solid. That had two positive aspects. As was true every year, the Inn's financial survival depended on strong business around the three summer holidays. That year, being busy also helped distract us from Caitlyn's impending departure. We all agreed that Caitlyn would leave on Monday, July 8. We spent that Sunday helping her pack up. The things she needed immediately went into her car. Everything else was boxed and would be shipped to her on Monday.
Caitlyn came back to our bed that Sunday night. There was no sex. Caitlyn lay between Cassie and me and we both hugged her for hours. Very little was said. In the morning, it was obvious that Cassie had been crying. Despite the hot, sunny day, it was very dreary as we watched Caitlyn get into her old car and pull out of the Inn parking lot for the last time. Cassie and I held hands. There was nothing to say.
Cassie seemed lethargic. I attributed it to depression over Caitlyn's departure. That was until Cassie awoke about 3:00 a.m. one morning with very sharp abdominal pain. A long wait at the ED got her some pain meds, a referral to a GI specialist in town, and strict orders to see the specialist as fast as possible. The specialist asked a lot of questions, did some tests, and reported that she wasn't sure what was going on. She referred Cassie to another specialist in Columbus affiliated with the state's flagship university. We were told that the doctors in Columbus had access to much better diagnostic equipment than existed in our town. Again, Cassie was instructed to see the specialist as soon as possible.
To my slight surprise, Cassie was able to get in to see the Columbus specialist early the following week. That doctor ordered a number of scans, which I expected would take some time to schedule. To my greater surprise, the doctor got Cassie scheduled for CT and PT scans the next two days. We had an unscheduled stay over in Columbus. Dinner that first night at a restaurant near the university was very subdued. Cassie did not feel very well and the speed with which the health care system was attending to her hinted to us that someone thought that something was seriously wrong.
The next two days were an ordeal for Cassie and an ordeal of boredom for me. Despite their best efforts, medical waiting rooms are not pleasant places. When Cassie was finished on our third day in Columbus, we had a quick meeting with her specialist to be told that the doctor would be in touch as soon as the test results and images had been analyzed. Our drive home from Columbus was, if possible, more anxiety-ridden than our drive up.
Cassie got a call a day later asking her to come back to Columbus to meet with the doctor early the following week. I drove Cassie to Columbus for that appointment. With almost no wait at all, we were shown into a conference room in the doctor's office suite. We were introduced to two other doctors: a man and a younger woman. My heart sank when the younger woman introduced herself as an oncologist.
I've heard people say that extremely unpleasant events became a blur in their memory. I remember almost every word spoken in that meeting in Columbus. The doctors all concurred that Cassie had advanced liver cancer. The male doctor, a cancer surgeon, explained that the images taken the week before showed the tumors to be too large and too widespread to be surgically removed. Radiation, we were told, might be effective to slow the cancer's spread but was unlikely to cause remission.
Recounting the full agony of the late summer and fall of that year would be too painful for me and too depressing to read. Suffice to say that Cassie passed away a couple of days before Thanksgiving. During Cassie's illness, I devoted all of my time to her. In addition to a profound sense of loss, I felt intense frustration that Cassie had gotten sick and died and I hadn't been able to do one thing about it. If I couldn't keep my partner and lover alive, what the fuck good was I anyway?
One episode is seared into my memory. Cassie's condition had deteriorated to the point that we could no longer care for her at the Inn and had been forced to take her to hospital. Ironically, just a few days before that, we had made the last payment to SEOCOV, Cassie's original California investors, and they had sent the documents transferring their interest in Brookhaven Inn, LLC to Cassie.
Although we had never married, the hospital kindly let me stay in Cassie's room. Cassie was very weak and slept a great deal. However, when she was awake, her mind was a clear as ever. The Sunday before she died, she asked me to call Drew and ask her to come to the hospital. Cassie and Drew had a good relationship, but they were never as close as Cassie and Caitlyn had been.
After Drew came into the room, Cassie told us that Bill Haynes, the Inn's actual lawyer (I was retired from practice) had prepared and Cassie had signed the papers transferring her interest in the Inn LLC 50% to each of Drew and me. "That way," she said, "the Inn won't be tied up in probate."
While Cassie's body had been eroded by her disease, her face retained its beauty and character, and she was still capable of the intense look that told you that she was very serious about something. She had that look on that Sunday afternoon.
"Harry knows," Cassie said to Drew and me, "that I took the Inn clothing optional as part of a business plan, to create a niche in which we wouldn't face direct competition from all of the other accommodations which had opened in the region. I was not a nudist, but felt that I had to go nude if I wanted to understand and connect with our guests. That decision was one of the best decisions I made in my life. It is so very important that people have a place where they can go nude together in safety and comfort, without harassment. The two of you must keep the Inn operating as a nude resort. Promise that you'll do that!"
Of course, we promised. Cassie's expression softened. She looked into my eyes. "Harry," she said, "I'm so very sorry that I'm leaving you. There is so much I still want to do with you."
Intellectually, I knew that Cassie was dying and that she would be gone very soon. Emotionally, however, I just could not accept the reality that Cassie would no longer be in my life, or anyone's life. It was a good thing that a nurse came in just then to give Cassie another palliative injection. I stepped into the hallway and lost it. I was afraid that Cassie could hear my sobs through the wall, which wouldn't help her any; but I couldn't control myself. Drew gently put her arms around me.
The nurse left Cassie's room and, after a few minutes, I regained a low level of composure. Drew and I went back into the room. Whatever the medication was had given Cassie a slightly dreamy look and her voice was softer and tentative.
"Drew, Harry," Cassie said softly, "you are both very good for each other and the Inn needs you both. Promise me, please, that the two of you will stay together after I'm gone. Stay together your whole lives."
We promised.
Cassie's funeral, the Saturday after Thanksgiving, was very well attended. Despite our non-traditional lifestyle, Cassie was loved and respected in the community. The county commissioners were there. Debbie and Shay Anders were there. Caitlyn and Tony had flown up from Florida. The Inn's vendors were there. A number of people from the University, including Dr. Morgan and her husband were there. There was a, to me painful, reception at the Inn after the internment. For once, everyone at the Inn, including us, was clothed. Tony did pick that time to tell me, gloatingly I thought, that he and Cheryl had split up and that Caitlyn was living with him.
I was surprised, pleasantly, to see that most of these people, and all of the ones with whom we did business, knew Drew. While I was trying to take care of Cassie, Drew had focused on keeping the Inn going and creating for herself the relationships which Cassie had built; relationships that were essential to the Inn. In many ways, Drew and Cassie were alike. They were both very smart and physically beautiful. They were both extremely personable. They were both relentless in getting what they wanted without being ruthless. Just as had been the case for Cassie, I was discovering that people wanted to give Drew what she wanted.
Because I was effectively unavailable, Drew had also brought her sister Denise on board part-time. Denise was in her junior year studying business management, so it was a sensible decision. Denise was able to deal with the accounting and things like paying our bills, freeing Drew up to take care of our guests. Drew and Denise told me later that Drew had given Denise the option of working clothed as our staff did or working nude as management did. Denise chose nude.
I was, I suppose, depressed in the clinical sense after Cassie's death. I was listless and didn't give a shit about anything. Despite my promises to Cassie, I wasn't doing squat for the Inn or for Drew. I was, however, doing a great job of sleeping and drinking.
After I continued that way for a couple of weeks, I was the subject of what I guess could be called an intervention. Dr. Morgan showed up at the Inn with a "friend." The "friend," Charlotte Zeisner, Ph.D., was a professor of psychology at the University and also did some clinical work. Drew told me later that she was getting very concerned about me and had called Dr. Morgan for help. Dr. Zeisner persuaded me to see her at her office. Drew didn't trust me to drive, probably wisely, and took me there.
A couple of sessions with Dr. Zeisner helped me see that I was acting selfishly and self-destructively, and that continuing as I was would ruin not only me but also Drew and Cassie's legacy. As the Christmas holiday approached, I started to come out of my ball of self-pity.
My "recovery" was effectively completed on Christmas Eve and Christmas. The holiday was always slow at the Inn, and we were completely empty that year until the New Year's guests started coming in on December 28. The bar and restaurant were closed the 24th through the 26th. Since Drew and Denise had no close family living any more, they were spending the holiday at the Inn.
I had agreed to fix dinner on Christmas Eve. It was around 4:00 p.m. I had just gotten my three meat stew on the stove to cook a couple of hours. I took off my apron and sat nude on the couch. Drew and Denise, both nude, came into the manager's suite.
Denise announced, "We did a walk-around. Everything's closed down and secure." (It was an unusually warm Christmas that year).
Drew came over and stood in front of me. "How are you doing?" she asked.
"Ok, better," I replied.
Drew got down on the floor in front of where I was sitting. She pushed my knees apart, crossed her arms across my thighs, and rested her gorgeous head on her crossed arms. Looking up at me, she said, "Harry, I know that it's been tough for you. I can't know, but appreciate, what Cassie meant to you and how much losing her hurt you. But, Harry, the Inn needs you. We promised Cassie."
Drew looked down for a moment. I just stared at the top of her blonde head. She raised her face to me again and said, "Harry, I need you too. I love you. Do you love me?"
Oddly, that was a question which I had never really thought about before. Drew was a fantastic person to have around for a myriad of reasons beyond the fact that she was a beautiful woman who liked to go nude. As I thought about the answer to Drew's question, it dawned on me that I did love Drew and had loved her for quite some time.
I smiled, for the first time since Cassie was diagnosed I think. "Yes, Drew Slater, I do love you, very much."
Drew's face broke into a wide smile. She climbed up and plopped her bare ass on my bare thigh. She kissed me, and we hugged, and we kissed for a long time.
Finally, we heard Denise, who had watched and heard our little tender moment, say "Hey! I like Harry real well too. Can I join you?"
"Sure," Drew replied and slapped my other thigh. Denise came over and sat down on my thigh. I hugged the two bare sisters.
The three of us talked, hugged, and played with each other a bit until dinner was ready. Drew opened a bottle of wine and I had my first drink in a couple of weeks. It was a good dinner, if I do say so myself.
After we had cleaned up dinner, we went back in the front room. I sat back on the sofa. Denise sat next to me. Drew stood in the center of the room. I don't know whether it was just the wine or that and the emotional release, but Drew looked more beautiful that night that I could recall her looking before.
Still standing in the center of the room, Drew said, "Harry, I want to finish up our conversation from before dinner." I thought that it was finished. "I told you that I love you and you said that you love me. What I didn't say is that I meant the promise we made to Cassie. I am going to stay with you for the rest of my life." A naughty grin grew on her face. "But, I do believe in sharing, sometimes, with my sister. Is that ok with you?"
I looked at Drew and then turned to look at Denise. Both women were smiling. "Yes, I'm very ok with that." I said.
Denise reached out and began stroking my dick. "I'm glad that you said that Harry," Denise said.
"Hey," Drew said, "We're the only people here tonight. The pool and spa are covered and heated. Let's use them."
Denise led me out of the suite and to the pool by my dick. Drew followed behind, swatting my bare ass a few times. We got in the pool and swam a little. Swimming was really satisfying, though, so we moved to where we could all stand in the water. I was fingering Drew while I sucked on Denise's nipple. Both women were stroking my dick.
Drew finally pulled me away and led me to the side of the pool. She turned to face me. We hugged and I entered her. Nothing, I thought, could be better than thrusting my dick up and down in Drew's tight pussy while looking into her fabulous eyes. I didn't know that Denise was behind me until I felt her hands spreading my as cheeks. I tried to keep focus on Drew as I felt Denise's finger toying with my asshole. I heard Denise giggle as she pushed her finger into my asshole. Very soon I felt her finger on my prostate.
Fucking one woman while another massages your prostate is an intense set of sensations. My dick got even harder, which pleased Drew. My thrusts became more violent, but Denise kept her finger up my ass. Drew, breathing hard, leaned forward and bit me at the base of my neck. Denise pulled her finger out and I shot, perhaps, the hardest load of my life. At the same time, Drew screamed, whipped her legs up, and clamped them around me and Denise. It is a cliché, but I did see stars for a moment. Drew claimed that she did too. Whether that is true or not, I felt her heart beating wildly in her chest.
It took us some time to regain our breath. Drew relaxed her legs, freeing her sister from being pinned against my backside. After a moment, we stood in a circle in the water (which probably now needed to be changed), looked at each other, and started laughing. I think that, for me at least, it was a release of everything that had been building up since Caitlyn said she was leaving months ago.
Once our laughing fit ended, Drew grabbed me in a tight hug. Looking into my eyes, with a huge smile, she said, "I love you Harry. God, I love you!"
I put both hands on Drew's tight ass and pulled her against me. I also bent my head down and kissed her. Breaking the kiss, I said, "I love you too. A lifetime together with you is the greatest thing that could happen."
We heard Denise go "Umm!" We both pulled Denise's bare body into our embrace. The three of us hugged for a long time.
The three of us also slept together that night. In the morning, it was Christmas. While I had been pretty fucked up since Cassie died, I did have the presence of mind to get Drew a present. I got her a solid gold chain that fit closely around her throat and had a single diamond pendant on it, and a matching chain to go around her waist, also with a diamond pendant. Drew was pleased and, wearing only those pieces of jewelry, she looked fantastic.
I had overlooked a gift for Denise. Thankfully, Drew had that covered and said that it was from both of us.
Denise said, "I forgot to wrap my gifts." From her purse, she pulled three jeweled butt plugs and a tube of lubricant. "I've never worn one of these so I don't know if it was a good idea, and I don't know if they do anything for a guy, but I thought we could give them a try."
Drew bent over and Denise spread her cheeks. I lubed Drew's asshole and the plug and, very carefully, worked it in. Drew straightened up. The jewel between her tight cheeks looked sexy as hell. "It's different," Drew said, "But I don't know that it's great."
I repeated the process with Denise, who also had a great ass and who looked great with a jeweled plug in it. "Yeah," Denise said, "It is different, but I'm not wowed."
I bent over and let the women lube my asshole. They were very careful putting my plug in, but it hurt a little. Once it was in, I basically felt like I needed to take a dump, but I rolled with it.
Standing behind me, Drew said, "That actually looks good in you Harry."
Denise pulled out her I-phone and we took pictures of each other's asses. We left the plugs in until we decided to go out to the spa. Then we took them out and cleaned up each other's asses.
We lazed in and around the spa talking for several hours. Like her older sister, Denise was a very bright person with an attractive personality. Early in the afternoon, we went back to the suite and Drew and Denise started on Christmas dinner.
Dinner, a rib roast and sides, was fantastic. After we had cleaned up, Drew and Denise huddled together for a moment, whispering. Denise giggled and nodded her head up and down.
Drew went into another room and came back with a large beach towel. Heading towards the door, she said, "Come on Harry. You get one more present."
Denise and I followed Drew the short distance to the lobby where the staff had erected a Christmas tree. We left the tree lights on all the time. Drew spread the beach towel on the tile floor in front of the tree.
Drew turned to me and said, "Denise and I have one more thing which we want to give to you: Denise."
Denise stepped over to me and began stroking my dick. When she got me a little hard, she knelt down and took me in her mouth. Denise didn't give the most skillful blow job I've had, but she was enthusiastic. Once I was very hard, Denise stood up, went over to the tree, and lay down on her back on the towel. She spread her legs and said, Please Harry!"
I looked at Drew, who was nodding her head "yes." I got down on my knees over Denise, lowered myself down, and let her guide my dick into her. I noticed that Denise had the same eyes as her sister.
Denise was a young, enthusiastic partner. She was also great at giving feedback. When my dick hit a spot inside of her that she enjoyed, she was quick to say "Yes! Stay there!" Denise was also fit and muscular, and had some knowledge had to use those attributes in making love.
Denise and I fucked on the lobby floor under the tree for quite a while. At one point, I heard Drew giggle and say, "Sheriff's patrol just drove by the front door." Of course, we had turned all of the lobby lights on.
Denise suddenly said, "Faster Harry" and began pushing her pelvis against me. I obliged the young lady and began pushing harder and faster. Denise's breathing was getting very heavy. There was sweat between her two firm breasts. I could feel that I wasn't far from coming either.
Denise tensed every muscle in her body. "Uh, uh, uh, owhhhh!" came out of her mouth. I felt myself ready to come and started to pull out. Denise shouted, "No. In me." I came in my lover's sister.
On July 4 of the year after Cassie's death, I took a few moments to reflect. The Inn was full. It was a glorious warm day. Our guests were happy. On reflection, I realized that I was happier than I thought. Losing Cassie left a permanent hole in my life. However, we had come a long way from the misery of the prior year.
Denise stayed on part-time after Drew finally got me out of my self-pity and working again. As Denise explained her thinking to me, "Where else, apart from a strip club, can I run around naked and get paid for it?" To save on her costs, she had also moved into the room at the Inn that we had originally taken out of inventory for Drew to live in. Drew, of course, shared the manager's suite with me.
Drew and Denise thought that the Inn needed to draw in more of the University community. Denise had a friend who was on the University's women's gymnastics team. Denise persuaded the woman to visit the Inn one weekend just before their season had started. The woman, who was new to social nudism, loved it. That gave us an opening into the University's athletic community.
Janet Morgan and her husband were staying with us about one weekend per month. They were promoting us to the faculty and staff. Drew and Denise finally persuaded me to agree to give a permanent discount to University students, faculty, and staff. I was dubious that we'd make money and dubious about having more college kids around. Both concerns were unfounded. Our bookings went up enough that revenues increased overall despite a lower margin per room. We never had any problems with the college kids, and our older guests expressed pleasure at having younger people around.
Drew also sat down and talked to every person whom we employed. Most of them were students working part-time. Drew found that our staff was very positive about the Inn and liked working there. She made a concerted effort to get our staff to promote the Inn with the friends and acquaintances.
Finally, two weeks before Memorial Day, one of our three huge weekends, Drew made a major departure from Cassie's practice. Drew asked our staff to vote on whether they wanted to continue working clothed or switch to working nude. There were a few exceptions: the bar and restaurant staff had to be dressed by law. With only one dissenting vote, the staff voted to start working in the nude. Effective that Memorial Day, everyone at Brookhaven Inn, outside of the bar and restaurant, worked in the nude. Believe it or not, morale among the staff, which wasn't a problem to start with, improved noticeably.
Brookhaven Inn had another small coup a couple of weekends after July 4. That spring, the University had installed a new president, a woman who was originally a sociologist and an acquaintance of Dr. Janet Morgan. Dr. Morgan persuaded the University president and her husband to stay a weekend at the Inn. I'm pleased to say that, when Drew and I first met the new president, all three of us were completely naked. The president and her husband have become regulars.
Drew and I got married the Saturday of that Labor Day weekend. The wedding and reception were at the Inn. I'm proud to say that Drew and I were completely nude, except for wedding rings, the entire time. We discovered that we had a large guest list. Almost everyone invited came, except Caitlyn and Tony. The guests were a mix of textiles and nudes, although I think a majority got nude at some point.
The first toast at the reception, given by Drew, was in honor and memory of Cassie Moore.