Introduction: Before I start, I present to you a brief note about the terminology used in provincial police forces in the UK. At the bottom of the pile are the workers like me. We are Constables, although in reality every officer no matter the rank holds the 'Office of Constable'. Above us is the Sarge and above that is the Inspector who is always called the 'boss'. In London which is like a different country they have strange things called 'Guv' or 'Skipper', but no-one outside the Met really knows what these are. The boss is the lowest rank addressed as 'Sir' or M'am. That's M'am, to rhyme with jam not marmalade. Ladies are never called 'Madam', unless they are running a brothel.
Above the boss is the 'Chief' (Chief Inspector) and then 'Super' (Superintendent). Above those are probably some others but don't worry; you'll never be so far away from a criminal to see any of them -- except when a TV camera is around. But even then you'll still never get to speak out loud in their presence.
Things are not as they are usually depicted on TV. The boss never bellows for instant arrests, no uniformed officer stands gazing with a vacant expression in the corner of an interview room. No suspects are ever interviewed while stacking boxes in a warehouse, doing the laundry or even walking along the road. Neither are they gathered around with random witnesses at the end of an investigation to discuss who really committed the crime. All these things are fabrications of someone's infertile imagination.
There is a fair mixture of people in the job; some can be dicks and some are friendly old sages. But most of them have qualities that makes them valuable in some circumstances. Amongst them I've known international class athletes and people who could and would rebuild your car on their day off -- for free.
None that I knew were ever shot and I never even saw a member of the public with a gun who wasn't a farmer.
So, are we sitting comfortably? Then I'll begin.
+ + +
A long, long time ago I had a crazy girlfriend.
Carol was nuts, had absolutely no sense of decorum and would say the sluttiest things in the most inappropriate situation to get a reaction. Then the reaction would likely turn out to come from herself. She was extraordinarily good looking. Long flowing brunette hair and a flashing smile from bedroom lips that would light up a room, slightly larger-than-hand-sized breasts that trembled and jiggled mercilessly when she walked and a slim waist that emphasised the swing of her hips. My God, that ass. That's what I remember the most about her. Oh, and the good crazy times of course.
* * *
I met her during what had been (until that point) a long and tedious night-shift.
Nothing had been happening in the big outside world and the hours were dragging. It's a lame and stupid old cliché but true: Officer Rain was on duty. Bad weather sends everyone home, even the criminals. Right then the streets were desolately quiet. No vehicles and certainly no pedestrians were to be seen. Even my cop car was hidden, and I was hiding inside it. My colleague Jo was alongside me curled up, and like me trying to become fast asleep. I've slept with a lot of policewomen, and I think I'll leave that thought right there.
The lights and windscreen wipers were off but the engine burbled quietly in the back-ground, keeping the power on for the radio and the fans that were slowly losing the battle to clear the condensation from the windows. The rain drumming on the roof was the loudest sound to be heard.
There's a time in such a shift when an officer has a limited number of choices. I could have announced "Fuck, it's quiet tonight." That would have caused the radio to give us a call, without a doubt -- and also earn me a punch on the ear from my workmate for being such a damn fool and tempting fate. Instead I did what any intelligent cop would do in the circumstances. I reclined my seat and shut my eyes.
There was precious little to be gained by driving endlessly on a quiet shift, the bosses may not yell for speedy arrests but they do scrutinise the fuel bills and if I drove around in fruitless circles for 10 hours only to put hundreds of miles on the clock there'd be uproar. So accepted practice was to park up somewhere and just don't make it obvious. Above all else don't get your open, drooling mouth photographed and published in the national press.
So we both lay like coiled springs. Not the sort of springs ready to bound into action, but more like springs that are gently unwinding. Working flat-out, literally.
An opportunity for deep meaningful thoughts, for example on the anatomy of starfish. They have their mouths in the middle of their bodies, right? But when mermaids use them as bras why do they need strings to hold them on when they can obviously attach themselves?
Or what chairs would look like if our knees bent the other way. Whether a red-neck could collect paws from dead grizzlies on the grounds that he has the right to bear arms?
Or whether they always send a seasoned detective to serious cases of assault? (You can say the last one out loud).
As the great philosopher Winnie the Pooh once said, 'Sometimes I sits and thinks, sometimes I just sits.' Yes, there are some boring times to be had.
The water streaming unchecked down the windows would have limited my view, if there had been anything outside to see. However I'd parked the car in a dark, secluded spot, deep inside a derelict industrial unit where even the scrap metal thieves had long ago exhausted all opportunities for profit. No 'citizen journalist' was going to find me easily.
The best scenery would have been within the car but the darkness took care of most of that as well.
The sight of Jo's muscular rear stretching her uniform trousers to bursting point would have been both splendid and enticing had I been able to see more detail, however given that even the glow from the radio screen had been further diminished by a sheet of paper folded over it to reduce the glare on tired eyes, imagination was the order of the day. The ingenuity of the bored copper; if the designers of radios are unable to include a display dimmer we'll improvise one.
Jo was a fit lass and could run further and faster than many people including me and that pair of gluteus maximuses (or is it maximae or perhaps maximii?) had a lot to do with it. It was a rare day when I could get motivated enough to start running but she took exercise seriously and had a hot body to show as a result.
The compulsory annual training days of bleep-tests and practising authorised restraint methods were all made worthwhile by the sight of Jo in skin-tight Lycra pants and crop-top that revealed a taut belly. A neat pair of boobs modestly contained and restrained, it was the kind of sight that keeps a guy warm on a miserable wet night.
In the darkness Jo's wash-board stomach was facing away from me and I couldn't even make out her incredible thighs that were tucked up on the seat. Only the round outline of her butt with its intriguing shadows could be distinguished. Within touching distance but completely out of reach.
I toyed with the very tempting idea of stroking that glorious rump, running my fingers around and gently into the warm shadows.
I decided against it. I knew of a detective with a broken nose who one day had the bright idea to slide his hand underneath her ass when she was about to sit down. I wonder if he thought that it had been worth it.
There was nothing between us; she hadn't even had to say anything to put a stop to any nonsense of that sort. Her comments and body language was sufficient, and she had told me that her taste was for rugby players. I knew of at least two such characters who played for the national team who were reputed to have spent time with her. Nobody asked her for details, none were ever offered. That's just the way it was, like her severe haircut that gave her a somewhat intimidating persona. Stylish, but practical.
Never mind, there was a certain amount of entertainment in fantasising about a strong lady with a pelvic floor like a cigar cutter.
I'll just get on with the story...
As it always seemed to be, parking the car up and settling down for forensic examination of the insides of eyelids had a stimulating effect on the paper-dimmed radio. Just as unconsciousness was being established, it blurted out our call-sign. We had a 'domestic dispute' to attend. I may as well have tried the 'it's quiet tonight' method, it couldn't have been more effective. Fucking domestics. What a waste of time and effort, the only call that increases when people spend more time with each other doing nothing.
Christmas is a nightmare in particular, with a stream of calls just when every officer is trying to take family time off themselves. The season of drunkenness and ill-will. Nice turkey wasn't it? Pass the roasting dish so I can whack you on the head with it. Then the police may send a nice young man who has never even had a proper girlfriend to hand out marital guidance.
Jo heaved herself up into more of a perpendicular position and adjusted her seat with a sigh of resignation. My view of her awesome backside was replaced by a more conventional angle while I took the call; we were only a few yards from the main road and were soon on our way. Traffic was non-existent so there was little point in even 'lighting up' the blues, we were at the address which was in a nearby down-market part of town within a couple of minutes. A 'sink' housing estate, mostly populated by third-generation unemployed with few skills except for a comprehensive knowledge of how to complete welfare claim forms.
There were a few options for life choices of course; I'll always remember one encounter I had with a young lad walking with his mother, "When I grow up I want to be a drug dealer like my dad."
I had looked at the woman with a raised eyebrow but she wasn't scandalised by this less than lofty ambition, indeed she had a pragmatic approach to life, "Well, there's nothing else to do around here." Sometimes you realise that there's just no hope.
I learned later that the lad was sent to prison, obviously for something he hadn't done - like not wearing gloves.
He was reunited in that fine establishment with many of his friends, including those who hadn't won medals in the estate Olympics. That was a competition with events like 'running whilst carrying a television', and 'throwing training shoes over the telegraph wires'.
The house with tonight's problem was easily spotted. It was the only one with the lights blazing and a woman standing in the doorway waving at us. There were no old cars on bricks in the front lawn, awaiting their final and inevitable journey to the junk yard. That's always a good sign.
With her smeared make-up running down her face in the rain and wearing a drenched and too-short nightdress, Ms. Sullivan told us a tale of woe that we'd both heard many times before. Her boyfriend was drunk and had threatened her with a knife. She was the official tenant and she wanted him out.
I found it difficult to concentrate. There wasn't really much purpose in her wearing the nightdress - her rack was distractingly visible through the soaked and transparent fabric and pink nipples were cold and erect, so I'll correct that. There were at least two points to her wearing it. She was slim and petite; I could see that she was petite because of the way I towered over her, I could see she was slim because of the way her nightie clung to her hips. The part of her hips that were covered by the nightie, obviously.
Her pussy was partially visible from beneath the hem. I decided that bending down to inspect the underside of her body would possibly raise the sort of complaint that headquarters wouldn't appreciate, so tried to restrict my attention to her upper half. Which was okay.
I didn't realise it at that time, but I had just met Carol.
* * *
Was boyfriend still there? Of course, he was in the kitchen. So we entered the house, automatically noting the state of cleanliness.
The cleanliness is the first and most important thing about any call in that type of area; first impressions count. Take a deep breath before entering. Avoid any dog turds on the carpet, politely decline the polite offer of tea from a chipped mug and remember to wipe your dirty feet on the way out so you don't spoil the footpath.
I'm being unfair. Unlike some other properties which were disgusting, this place was actually clean and tidy. Someone had been making an effort with a mop.
The subject of the complaint was sitting up on the kitchen work-surface and protested to us that he was making himself a cup of tea (it's always tea). His beloved girlfriend was making up a story. There was a smell of beer about him and he was talking loudly about how unfortunate his life was. Of course he hadn't threatened anyone with a knife.
In order to protect his identity I'll call him Bob. That's not his real name, so I suppose I could have called him 'Not-Bob'. Which would be stupid.
He seemed reluctant to get off his perch so I made an executive decision, caught hold of his ankle and hauled his sorry arse down to the floor. He landed upside-down on the hard tiles and the steak knife that he had been sitting on fell with a clatter alongside him. Within a couple of swift seconds the loving boyfriend found himself well and truly nicked. Jo chanted the relevant statutory twaddle while I fastened handcuffs on him in the approved fashion practised in those annual sessions. Soon he was safely placed in the rear of the car and we were on our way to the station.
There was an unwritten rule between Jo and I that we took it in turns to deal with prisoners whenever we were partnered together, so she got to be the arresting officer with this one and I returned to Ms. Sullivan to take her full written statement. When I arrived back at her house she answered the door, but I was somewhat disconcerted by what I found.
Her hair was ruffled as if she had rubbed it with the towel that she was now holding. Her face was now clean of any make-up. Blonde hair, freckles and green eyes set wide apart, she was quite pretty. More confusingly she had lost the nightie and was now undressed.
In the all-together, in her birthday suit, totally lacking in the textile department.
She didn't appear to care that she was indecent, and even wrapped her towel around her hair in a turban style. Her freshly-shaved undercarriage was now freely available for inspection, I no longer had to bend down for a sneaky glimpse.
She was slim with no sign of any untoward bulges. What she did have in the way of bulges was just perfect. A perfectly round butt, perfectly perky breasts.
Well trained as I was to keep my eyes on her face, I made sure that I burned the vision of her protruding portions into my retinas. When I was sure that I had memorised sufficient detail, I produced the paperwork that had to be completed.
She invited me to take a seat while I noted the details. The sofa looked almost new, so I sat down to take down her particulars. Followed of course by her statement. An old joke of course that should be below my dignity, but clearly isn't. Particularly as she didn't have much in the way of particulars to take down.
She looked around in a distracted fashion, then took the towel from her head and wrapped it around herself. Not over the top of her boobs like you might expect, but around her waist like a bloke.
She sat on the towel at the other end of the sofa while I tried to concentrate on writing down her account of the fight. After an hour or so of surreal scribbling I was done. I indicated where she should sign, she leaned over to take the papers and carelessly brushed her nipples against me in the process. Eventually, reluctantly, I packed up and left.
Is that an anticlimax? Whatever, that's what happened (as in, no climax) on that particular night.
A couple of hours back at the station clearing up the paperwork consumed the remainder of the shift and I more or less forgot about Ms. Sullivan with the pop-up thermometers. Yeah, right.
* * *
A few days passed and the stormy weather had cleared. It was a daytime shift so I was by myself when another routine call came my way; a non-injury road accident. We only 'pair-up' as routine on night shifts, during the day we go out single-crewed.
It wasn't on a main road and the speeds involved were obviously low, hence no-one was hurt. Nevertheless the two cars had crumpled in the manner favoured by the retailers of replacement body panels and thus had to be towed away. There was an atmosphere of bored disappointment amongst the spectators who had run from their homes in the hope of seeing dead bodies -- but at the very least spilled blood. A dozen or so hopeful rubber-necks remained to witness the life-changing moment when the wrecks were dragged onto the recovery trucks, such was the lack of excitement in their lives.
The two drivers were resigned to the fate of their motors. It wasn't clear who was at fault; one car had tried to pass through a narrow space between two parked vehicles and clouted the other one which was doing exactly the same thing in the opposite direction. Why can't people drive their cars like they push their carts in the supermarket? After you. No I insist, after you my good sir. My pleasure, thank you greatly, what a dashed fine fellow you are.
Then everyone goes home with a load of shopping, a loaded credit card and a reasonably good temper.
The drivers of the damaged cars were standing forlornly and I went to take their details. Not a big deal, there would be no court proceedings for this. The insurance companies could sort out the bills in due course.
While I was speaking to the first of the drivers, two tow trucks arrived with their flashing beacons adding drama to the scene and the road was finally cleared. The onlookers drifted away and the man who had driven the other car was nowhere to be seen. There he was -- gone, disappeared like a fart in a hurricane.
I searched around the neighbouring streets but there was no sign of him. No worries, I had already taken his details and run a check on the vehicle, I just needed his insurance details. The owner of the car was local, a lady by the name of Carolina Sullivan, no known 'form'. so I went straight round to the address.
When I reached it, the house seemed familiar. It was where Ms. Sullivan with the sticky-out thermometers lived. I should have been paying a bit more attention earlier, I hadn't even recognised the man. I would definitely start paying attention right now.
I banged on the door with the confidence that several years in the job gives. In the background I hardly noticed the inevitable ripple of curtains along the street. It seems that sometimes a cold wind blows when I knock on a door. She answered looking as cute as ever with her blonde hair brushed out.
Now nobody ever accused me of being a Prince Charming. What a creep he was, danced with a lady all night and couldn't recognise her afterwards. Without her shoe to offer around for size, she could have been anyone. What the hell did he spend his time looking at, her cleavage?
So yes, I managed to recognise her with her clothes on.
Ms. Sullivan had an eye for what suited her; tight pants and a T-shirt showing the distinct outline of a bra and panties. Contrary to previous experiences, she clearly did possess those items of apparel.
I spoke to her about the car, she obviously knew who the driver had been. He was her boyfriend, who she was now back in a relationship with. A depressing story of most of the 'domestics' that I ever had involvement in. We spend hours locking them up, they spend minutes getting back together again.
Anyway, if I returned the next day at the same time he would be there and she would have found the vehicle documentation. So that's what happened, of sorts.
I went back the next afternoon but Not-Bob the boyfriend wasn't there as promised. Okay, I am stupid enough to call him that. But all I needed was the insurance details and Carolina had a cardboard box with all the paperwork for the car waiting for me.
We sat on the sofa while she told me that she preferred to be called Carol, only her parents called her by the full name and it made her feel like a naughty schoolgirl. Today she was wearing an oversized T-shirt and had lost the skin-tight pants, but this didn't strike me as significant until she walked across the room. Just as I was admiring her long bare legs, she bent down to pick up her paperwork from out of the box. Without any warning the T-shirt rose up to expose her bum and once again she clearly wasn't wearing anything underneath.
Her legs parted as she stooped and her pussy was staring straight back at me. Then it winked. I swear it opened and shut like a simple court case. A few seconds of paper-shuffling ensued and she stood, clutching the required certificate. Her bottom shielded once more by thin cotton from my gaze, she turned and gave me the document with a knowing smile.
With a mouth suddenly dry and stunned at the thought that she knew what time I was due to attend but had chosen to dress that way, I automatically noted the details and left. Oh, was I a naïve young officer in those days.
* * *
I next saw Carol a few weeks later.
I was engaged on doing what the tabloid press have always called 'random stops'. Personally I always thought them as systematic stops because there wasn't anything random about them. We went out as a team and pulled over every single car systematically on a single stretch of road for about half an hour.
A check for the condition of the vehicle as regards lights, tyres and any other obvious stuff, the driver would be checked for documents, sniffed for alcohol or other fragrant products and they'd be on their way in a few quick minutes. Hi-visibility policing, plenty of tickets issued, plenty of revenue generated. Everybody happy? Yes Sarge.
Sometimes the Sergeant bothered to put in an appearance himself, but mostly he didn't.
While I'm here, I'll point out that there's a big difference to working a small town rather than a city. In a major city you'll probably never meet the same member of the population twice, but in a small town you get to know your public. So you'd better be nice. It's embarrassing if you tell some drunk to fuck off and you then meet him a fortnight later at a friend's wedding. So these meetings weren't really coincidences, they were pretty well bound to happen. Maybe not within a week, but sooner or later.
Anyway, the car was in line, it was a hot day and I was bored, taking more notice of the tyres than the drivers so it was Carol who recognised me first. It took a while for me to work out who was the cutie, but I may have been distracted by checking out the seat belt that fitted neatly across her chest. Those prominent nipples were emphasised and that should have made it obvious, but I eventually worked it out -- especially when she mentioned her old smashed up car, now replaced by this only slightly newer model.
As I went through the formalities of checking over her vehicle, she tried to keep up a conversation. She told me that she'd split up from her boyfriend after the collision. Permanently this time, she was still pissed off and would never speak to him again.
Clearly, crashing the car is more of a relationship-breaker than having a knife poked up your nose.
The tyres and lights were okay and she was soon on her way. But before she left she pressed a scrap of paper in my hand and told me to give her a ring. A telephone number had been scribbled down in eyebrow pencil so I crumpled it up and stuck it in my pocket.
The operation was closed down soon afterwards and I was free to patrol my own patch, my shift continued through the evening but in this job there's always opportunity to make a telephone call. Carol answered as if she was expecting me (which she was) and I arranged to meet at a bar within walking distance of her house.
There would only be about half an hour before 'stop tap', the time when all bars had to close in those days. No late night sessions to distract the working population; with very rare exceptions 10:30pm was the latest that anyone could buy alcohol and exactly half an hour later the doors were supposed to be locked with all the customers on the street side.
Unless you were good and trusted friends of the landlord of course. In that eventuality you might be invited to boost his profits by partaking in a 'lock-in' with the curtains drawn and the till left ajar to prevent the tell-tale ring giving the game away.
When I reached the bar she was there waiting, now wearing a pair of skin-tight pants of a fashionable black satin and white heels that brought her closer to my level. As a bonus they made her stand in such a way that her bum looked absolutely delectable. Can you imagine that nowadays, black sprayed-on pants with white heels. All the rage in those days though.
She was also very fashionably braless under a halter-neck top. The technology for ladies foundation garments for use under backless clothing hadn't yet been perfected, so as a result her unfettered breasts jiggled gently. I'm sure that women wore them deliberately during that summer just so they had to leave their bras behind and feel naturally unrestrained. It was a happy time to be a young man.
Carol greeted me with a flashing smile and accepted a drink, a whisky and lemonade was her tipple; I had a taste and couldn't decide immediately whether it was acceptable or vile. With some aftertaste and hindsight, I plumped for vile. What a ruination of perfectly good lemonade. Or whisky. Or both. Yes, both.
I washed my mouth out with beer and decided to avoid that particularly loathsome concoction of the devil in the future. We chatted for the allotted hour, then the barman rang the bell and it was time to leave. As soon as we were in the shadows of the car park she took my hand and pulled me to the side. Suddenly her arms were around my back and her tongue was inside my mouth, tasting of whisky with a revolting hint of lemonade.
I reciprocated, but she didn't seem happy about where my hands were. She pulled one of my arms down and placed my hand decisively on her ass. It was a perfectly fine, firm ass and she was now much more cheerful than before. I tried squeezing it and her tongue indicated that she approved.
The tongue slid around, then repeatedly went backwards and forwards. Even I was capable of interpreting this movement into a simulation of the sexual act.
A few more squeezes of her butt later, then she was bringing my other hand up and around the front, settling on her boob. That felt perfectly fine to me; softness with an erect nipple tickling one palm, a firm buttock occupying the other. As it had appeared that it might, the nipple felt good in my hand, working its way between my fingers.
Eventually she pulled away and asked me which one was my car. I nodded to my ageing Ford and opened the doors, by the time I had walked around to the driver's side she was already sitting in the rear passenger seat.
In the darkness and relative privacy of the car, she resumed the embrace but I found that the halter-neck top was no longer between my hand and her breast. She had pulled the material aside and smooth flesh was warm against my palm while her own hand was finding the buckle of my trousers. Soon I felt her grasp my erection as she resumed the previous mouth action.
We stayed that way for a long time, she was clearly more experienced than me and deftly moved her hand every few seconds so that rigidity was maintained. She didn't protest when I pulled her tight pants away to ease my hand down inside, indeed she shifted herself to make it more accessible and I found quite soon that she apparently wasn't wearing any underwear.
Warm and damp with perspiration inside the tight clothing, her thighs were now wide apart to allow me to progress even further. I soon had a finger against her moist and slippery crevasse and even managed to insert a tip inside her.
Now though she resisted any further invasion. My hand was pulled out from her clothing. "How do you fancy going somewhere more private for some proper nooky?" The bluntness of the question combined with the coyness of the words took me by surprise.
"Sounds good, do you know of anywhere?"
"Don't really know, we could go back to mine."
I thought for a second, "Well I have a room but my landlady doesn't like late night visitors and she has ears like an elephant so yours may be better." The lady who I lodged with could hear a lady friend approaching from two miles away and be ready at the door to greet them, all false jollity and intrusive personal questions specially designed to deter any 'nooky'.
On the plus side she was very partial to freshly baked scones liberally smothered with cream and strawberry jam, which frequently made their way to the table at tea time.
"OK, let's go to mine then."
So I drove to her house, I knew where it was of course, a different part of town altogether from my digs. Bear in mind that this was many years back and one pint wasn't regarded as being too drunk to drive in those days.
When we arrived, Carol opened the car door and led the way inside the house. The first thing she did was kick away her heels and lower her shiny black pants. I had been correct, she hadn't been wearing anything underneath.
She noticed my eyes glancing at her pussy. "You can't wear anything underneath, because of VPL."
I had heard of Visible Panty-Line obviously, I wasn't that naïve. That particular fashion faux pas was much discussed in adverts for tight ladies' garments in the catalogues of the era.
She paused and then smiled, "I prefer VL. That gets the guys panting, it's sexy as hell. Do you like that?"
I wasn't sure. 'VL' wasn't something that I'd ever heard of.
She enlightened me, "Vagina-Line. When a girl wears something so thin that you can see the line of her fanny. Or sometimes I just go out like this, especially to a concert or something like that." She looked down to where her top finished, a couple of inches above indecency.
The phrase 'camel-toe' hadn't been invented in those days as far as I know, but VL sounds more attractive to me even nowadays.
So, just wearing her halter-neck top she climbed the stairs. Back to the height she was when I first saw her, her bare butt led me step by step, wiggle by sensuous wiggle in front of me, But when she reached the top step she stopped and knelt with her knees against the sides of the narrow stairway. Her vagina was wide open for me, her ass similarly spread. "Do you want to eat me out? You have to ask."
That took me a second to think about, I'd never been told to request it before. "Yes please."
"No, ask properly."
I decided to be blunt, "OK, can I lick your cunt please?"
"Certainly sir, any time you like." She giggled, "Make sure you do it properly."
I stroked her butt and ran my fingers along the lines of her labia. She was appreciative of this and her hand appeared, separating her labia and showing me the glistening flesh inside. Then she turned over onto her back, keeping her knees against the walls so that I couldn't pass. There wasn't a great deal of modesty. Her hand stretched out for me and she pulled my head down between her thighs. I began to slowly eat her out.
Carol had the faint scent of a perfume that I couldn't place but she tasted of pure female. This was clearly what she wanted, writhing and moaning with pleasure, me kneeling on the stairs below her. Soon her juices were across my face and her feet were resting on my shoulders.
Carol looked up at me so that our eyes met over a minute tuft of blonde hair that I hadn't previously noticed and groaned. "That's perfect, don't stop."
Eventually I had to stop though. My knees were killing me and the beer was at its destination; I needed to pee. So I stood up and looked around, rubbing my legs. I spied the bathroom and climbed over her, nearly managing to tumble back down the stairs in the process. She looked miffed but didn't say anything.
When I emerged from the bathroom Carol wasn't there any more but it didn't take too long to find her. She was in a bedroom, lying on a bed. She had resumed the same pose, legs akimbo. At least the bed was more comfortable on the knees than the stair carpet.
So I resumed the position as instructed, tongue applied to appropriate orifice. I can't remember how long I continued, but hours must have passed. I can recall being shaken awake. Several times.
Eventually I realised that the room was getting lighter; the sun was rising and I was dog-tired. I'd been licking through the night.
Finally she pulled my head up and sighed, "I need the dick now."
As the sun shone through the window blinds and dark shadows striped her body, Carol finally allowed me to partake of the 'nooky'. I had just about enough energy left to give her a quick fuck before I fell asleep properly.
* * *
When I woke, it took me a moment to work out where I was. Was I late for work? It was broad daylight and my next shift was due at two o'clock.
I found my wristwatch amongst my pile of clothes at the side of the bed; I'd have to get a move on. I reached for my crumpled shirt.
Carol stirred alongside me, her dishevelled hair rose up from pillow level and green eyes peered over one of her breasts at me. "What are you doing?"
"I've got to go to work and I need to get some clean clothes first." Food would have to wait, I could snatch a snack somewhere.
"Don't go, stay here with me."
My shirt was now on, being buttoned. "I've got to. My shift is about to start."
She pouted, "Call in sick, don't you like fucking me?"
I did, but a job pays for food and stuff. I pulled on my pants. "I'll come back after work, don't put anything on."
Carol raised her feet high in the air and then spread her straight legs wide apart in the most spectacular exhibition of pussy that I ever saw. "I'll be lonely."
That was a shame, but I still had to go. I found my shoes and moved towards the door but she was behind me, hanging onto my leg like a love-sick puppy. I prised her fingers apart so that I could escape and quickly shut the bedroom door behind me. I ran down the stairs, shouted a 'Goodbye, see you later' and bolted for my car.
* * *
Jo soon worked out that I'd struck gold the previous night. Feminine intuition maybe, or possibly that I was ten minutes late and my hair was still wet from the shower.
"So, you pulled a lovely, lucky lady?"
"Erm..."
"Big boobies?" Straight to the point, as to be expected.
I shrugged. They were perfectly shaped and fitted my hands but whether they were generously proportioned depended on your point of view, "A healthy pair of lungs, put it like that."
"Did you undress her with your gentle and romantic words?" She chuckled at the thought.
"I used the best chat-up line in the world. I told her there was a spider in her pants."
"That'd do it." She laughed out loud. "Who is it anyway, do I know her?"
"Sort of. Remember that domestic, the one where the bloke was sitting on the knife in the kitchen? She's his 'ex', the complainant."
"Fuck off. You cannot be serious, the one in the see-through nightie with the mascara running down her chin?"
"That's the one. She scrubs up OK, doesn't normally look like that."
"I understand now. You standing there in the rain drooling with your tongue hanging out, looking at her the way I look at a bacon sandwich. So, you've been eating the vertical burger. And now it has extra mayonnaise."
"I prefer to think of it as a side order of gentleman's relish."
"Eh? What's that. What planet are you on now?"
"It's a condiment, really. Anchovy paste, very salty and tastes of fish. It's what posh gentlemen have for breakfast."
"I can't imagine. It sounds as disgusting as you. So tell me all about what happened."
I recounted briefly the story of the accident, traffic stop and the meeting in the bar.
When I came to the part about getting in the car she interrupted, "Ah, the good old JFK position."
I was puzzled so she explained, "She got in the back of the car and grabbed hold of your head while you splattered all over her."
"Quite. Well, the Chief was telling us to get further embedded within the community. I was just complying with orders."
"So, she dropped something and while she was bent over, you took advantage and slipped in there."
"Dropped what?" I was confused.
"Her standards."
Jo always was a smart-ass. We kept up the banter as colleagues do for the rest of the shift; there are few secrets amongst cops who have to spend hours together in a car.
When it was time to finish duty, I thought long and hard about where to go. Would I go back to my flat for a lonely night, watching my landlady scrubbing the floors all evening or back to Carol's where there was a reasonable chance of willing pussy?
So Carol's it was then.
She must have been looking out of the window because the door opened as I approached and she was standing there, "Have you eaten?"
I don't normally have a meal at that late hour, but she might. "If you're hungry we could find something, any ideas?"
She lifted her skirt waist-high, showing a complete lack of underclothing. "I'm OK, but you can eat this if you want." The door wasn't even shut yet.
She led the way upstairs and made it all the way to the bedroom this time before assuming the position. Lying on the bed, legs straight up in the air. Then slowly parting her legs.
"As the dentist always says, 'Open wide'." She giggled as her feet nearly touched the mattress on either side. Her skin was smooth and as her labia separated the inner flesh was a delectable pink. It didn't take me long to undress and join her. The scent today was of soap, but the taste was still female.
Carol started to talk about her ex-boyfriend, Not-Bob. "My ex was always pestering me to get married. I didn't want to get married. I was happy just going out, having fun and sex. Do you know what he said to me once? He said, 'If you're not dating to marry, you're dating for heart-break'. What an idiot. I told him straight, 'Actually I'm dating so I can get licked."
She looked me in the eyes "What are you wasting time for, are you going to do your duty or do I have to find some else who will?"
She settled back to relax and as England would have expected, I settled down to do my duty. In fairness she was by far the most appreciative lady I ever met. She moaned, groaned, bit her lip and whimpered. Then when she was finally satisfied, she always made sure that I was as well.
* * *
"Let's go to the beach."
It wasn't that extraordinary a suggestion, the summer was upon us and I had time off work. I'd been seeing Carol for around a month and I was now with her pretty well full time. So we packed towels and costumes and drove to the coast which was only an hour's drive. There were a variety of lovely places to choose from. There were beaches with funfairs, beaches with secluded little corners, beaches with long walks across miles of sand dunes.
Carol wanted the funfair option. Ice-cream and burgers, see and be seen. So we plonked ourselves down on the sand, right in the middle of it all and posed.
She was good at soaking up the admiring gazes of anybody who looked in her direction, particularly from some guys pretending to be engrossed in a game of cricket. Her bikini helped in that regard, bright red and tiny. Barely covering her breasts with string ties, the top was the largest part.
The panties had been subject to some adjustment since they left the factory and were now somewhat diminished in size. Carol had cut them down so that at the front they were barely covering her mound and at the rear they were now showing the top of the cleft of her rather nice bottom. They had been narrowed at the sides to display her butt and the lining had been removed.
I had some fairly standard trunks, of the style you'd now call 'budgie smugglers'. In those days all the men wore them so they were unremarkable, only granddads wore shorts on the beach.
"Can you see my VL?" Carol didn't want to miss an opportunity.
I had a squint, it was there but it wasn't conspicuous. She promptly tucked some of the material between her labia to emphasise her contours and her crease was now perfectly plain to see for anyone who cared to look. Which they could, especially as she sat watching the cricket with her legs wide apart.
"Have you got a camera?" She leaned back on one arm, the other raised over her head in the classic tit-lift position.
I did, but not with me.
"I've brought my Polaroid, let's take a couple of pictures." She dug deep into the bottom of her bag, pulled out her camera and gave it to me. I took a snap of her with her head thrown back and after the machine whirred and spat it out, we watched the photo develop from a plain white card to a colour picture by the magic of the technology of the era.
"Take one of my VL, close in so you get all the detail." She made sure that she was showing herself to best effect. "It's for your wallet, so you've always got one of me with you."
Carol waited while I fitted it into my wallet. Then she held the camera down low. "Pull your bathers to the side, let me take a photo of your best bit." As I did she pressed the button, "I'll keep this in my purse, I'll be able to look at your cock any time I feel bored."
I looked at the photo; it didn't look like the sort of thing I'd display on the mantelpiece.
* * *
I was due what normal workers might call a 'weekend', but with me working shifts this was in the middle of the week. Either way it meant that I didn't have to go in to work for a couple of days so I was Carol's plaything for that period. I didn't even get out of bed at all the next day except to use the bathroom. Carol went downstairs to raid the fridge now and then, giving me a few precious moments to doze. Sometimes she slipped on a robe to do so, particularly in the daylight but mostly she didn't even bother.
When she returned to the bedroom she'd just sit facing me, look me straight in the eyes and start stroking herself. I was young enough in those days to be just about everlasting, so it was never long before we were at it again but even if my hard-on was most definitely a soft-on, there was always my tongue to continue the effort.
She was inventive, I'll give her that. One day she surprised me by tickling my bum. Once I was over the shock she told me that was what she wanted. So we watched television with her lying on the sofa with her ass in the air and my finger circling her anus. She could flex it open for me to enter, then grip firmly to prevent me from withdrawing. She liked to have a finger far enough inside her bottom whilst she fucked, far enough for me to feel myself between her front and rear passages. It was incredible and she loved it.
Many weeks passed and we settled into an exhausting routine. My mates at work noticed that I was looking gaunt and listless, Jo made regular comments about me being drained dry and she wasn't far wrong. It was inevitable that it would come to an end, and it came to a crunch one day when Carol had been particularly demanding. The time was 5.30 in the morning and my watch had an alarm function. There was no ignoring the beeping, dawn was breaking to confirm the need to rise.
I pressed every button in turn before I found the one that silenced it, but now Carol was awake as well. Squatting on my face awake. "Leave it, stay here. I need some cunt-action." She was insatiable. I gave her a few minutes of tongue but as time progressed into the panic zone, I eased her off.
She always had a good pout when I went to work, but this time she had an expression like last week, "Call in sick. I'll do it for you, what's the number?"
That was not going to happen, so eventually I grabbed my clothes and ran for the door. She tried to block my way so after a few pathetic attempts to pass around her, I pulled her to one side and bolted.
I was down the stairs and at the front door in a couple of bounds, however she was following close behind. The bottom step was just a step too far and I felt a twinge from an ankle as I yanked the door. I was in the street before she had a chance to stop me. I only had one leg in my trousers as I found my car keys but I didn't care, no-one knew me around there.
I thought I had a clear advantage at this point as Carol was totally naked and surely would not follow me into the street in front of her neighbours. I was mistaken.
I opened my car door and jumped in, throwing the rest of my clothes onto the passenger seat. Carol was immediately upon me, fighting to sit on my lap. I tried to wrestle her out, but it was difficult to get a grip on bare skin with her admittedly lovely breasts mashed in my face.
They were firm and willing breasts but I really needed to get to work. I managed to start the engine, braced myself to ignore the pain from my ankle, heaved her out and shoved it into gear. Finally I managed to get the car lurching along the street and saw her in the mirror running behind me in a hopeless attempt to catch up. In the half-light the last things I saw were two dark nipples bouncing about in the gloom.
* * *
Jo thought it was hysterical. "She's a nutter!" She was crying with laughter into her mug of tea as I recounted the morning's experience, "She's the horniest little slapper I ever heard of!"
There had been two reports that morning of a naked woman running around the streets but I had dodged those calls and by the time I surfaced they had both been finalised as 'area search made, negative result'. Easily written off and closed, no further enquiries to make.
I made sure that we patrolled well away from that estate for the rest of the shift and it passed relatively quietly, even my ankle managed to heal. But when it was time to finish, I left the station and nearly died with shock.
Carol was standing on the opposite side of the street near to my parked car, waiting for me.
I did an immediate U-turn and went back inside the nick. Luckily Jo was still there, in disbelief. "You mean your pet nympho is waiting for you in the street begging for it? What the fuck have you been doing with that tongue?"
"Only what she asked."
She had a glint in her eye, "Do you love her?"
"I dunno, she gets my attention for sure."
"Is it like counting the stars in the sky?"
That sounded romantic. "You mean like an infinite amount of love?"
"No, like a waste of fucking time." Jo sighed, "I have a solution for you. Look her straight in the eye and rub your face with half an orange, all over. Ears, nose, lips, everywhere. Plenty of juice running down your cheeks, get some pips in your hair."
"How does that work?" I was puzzled.
"Well, it'd put me off, for sure. You'd never see me again."
She burst out laughing again as I looked at her with my best puppy-eyed pleading expression. "Can you help me get out of here? Without her seeing?"
"What am I supposed to do?"
"Give me a ride. Can you drive your car into the custody unit and I'll get inside, out of sight. I'll hide until we're clear. Can you get me home?"
"OK, but you'll owe me."
So I made my way through the corridors to the rear car park and a minute later the gate slid open for Jo to reverse in behind the prisoner transport van. Making sure the coast was clear, I climbed in and lay on the back seat. That wasn't quite good enough so I crawled down onto the floor. I felt like I couldn't be seen by anyone in that position so soon we were away from the station and I was able to sit up.
I directed Jo to where my lodgings were. It was in an older, traditional part of town, where my widow landlady and I shared the facilities. The old lady did the cooking and sometimes I helped out with minor jobs around the place.
It was common at that time for single officers to stay in one of a small number of such houses, where the owners were seen as 'respectable'. When an officer moved out (usually to get married), their place would swiftly be taken by another youngster. Every town had one or two properties where every officer seemed to have lived at some point as a rite of passage. Sometimes they were known as 'Heartbreak Hotel' due to their regular occupancy following a marriage breakup.
My landlady must have had her hearing turned up to bionic setting. As I approached she was waiting by the door with her arms folded across her massive bosom and thin lips pressed together.
"You're back." Stating the obvious with no obvious reply to give. "I thought you might have done a runner, owing the rent. I was about to go down the station looking for you."
"No Mrs. Williams-Lyons, I have your rent right here." I knew she depended on the small amount of money that I contributed every week. I counted out some notes and handed it over.
"Have you found a girlfriend? It's been really quiet without you. I like having a bit of company."
"Sort of, anyway I'm back now." I waved goodbye to Jo and shut the door.
Mrs. Williams-Lyons was friendlier than usual and kept up small-talk through supper. She only quietened down and gave my ears a rest when she settled down later to watch her soaps on the TV.
The next day Jo asked me how it had gone. "She's okay, a bit of a dragon but I can talk her round. I think she fancies me.
"Ha! She's so dried up you can hear her squeaking when she walks. Did you see the way she folds her arms? She has two positions, she either rests her arms on top of her baps or puts them underneath and lifts them up in the air. Ready, steady, fire." Jo mimed lifting her boobs up with her forearms and aiming them at an imaginary target.
Now that she'd mentioned it, it was right. My landlady did have habit of lifting her impressively large melons up with her folded arms. "She's not so bad. She had a dog. Cute thing, it died tragically. Run over."
"Oh, that's sad. How long ago was that?"
"About two years. It had cancer."
"I thought you meant it was run over."
"No, that was its name. Runover."
"Oh, dear God, that's so lame. Are you familiar with the phrase, 'You're an asshole?'"
* * *
The rest of the shift gathered around like the mates they were and over the next couple of weeks there was always someone there to bring me to work and take me home afterwards lying down in the rear of various cars. Carol was spotted several times hanging around but she never succeeded in working out where I lived or how I was coming and going.
One night not long after, I was home in my lodgings taking a shower. Mrs. Williams-Lyons had vacated the bathroom already so I could relax. It wasn't a massively big house and there was only the one bathroom so the code was, if the door was ajar it was available. If it was closed the room was occupied.
I had a head full of shampoo and was soaping away in a relaxed manner, when something made me glance to the door. It was wide open and Mrs. Williams-Lyons was standing, watching. Through the steamy atmosphere I could see her pink candlewick dressing gown and dyed blonde hair. I automatically stopped my ablutions and clutched my hands in front of me.
She spoke, flustered, "I'm sorry, I thought it was empty. I left my hairbrush behind." She stooped and grabbed something from the side of the sink before turning to leave the room.
With the door now securely shut, I finished my shower and with my towel wrapped around my waist made my way back to my room. I was intercepted en route by Mrs. Williams-Lyons who was waiting in the doorway to her own bedroom. "I'm terribly sorry about that, I hope you didn't mind the intrusion too much. I didn't realise you were in there, I'd just finished in there myself and I thought the door had slammed shut behind me."
I wasn't convinced, she must have been able to hear the water running.
"I was completely taken in by the sight of you washing your hair, you reminded me of someone I used to know. He left his slippers under my bed a few times, I can tell you."
That was a euphemism I hadn't come across before. 'Left his slippers under my bed'? Was she a goer back in the day?
Then she moved and her dressing gown opened slightly. It wasn't securely fastened and she didn't seem to notice that I could see a glimpse of pale belly. "It was a beautiful sight, seeing you rub soap all over yourself. Such a handsome strong body, you'll have all the young ladies after you."
"I don't know about that, if there are many of them, they're hiding it well."
"You know, that's the funny thing with girls. They eye up the boys and talk with each other but they never let on to the guys who they fancy."
I grinned, "So how am I supposed to know then?"
"That's the game, isn't it. Trying to guess, trying to find the one who would."
I turned around to my door, "I hope that's true Mrs. Williams-Lyons. Good night."
With that, I felt my towel start to slip as the end that I'd tucked in became dislodged. I dropped my hand to catch it, but I was left holding the corner as it fell free. Suddenly Mrs. Williams-Lyons was there, holding the rest of it. "Look at you, showing what you've got." Her hand was close to my stomach and she brushed my skin. "Shall I show you how to tuck a towel in? It's something that boys never seem to learn."
Without pausing for an answer, she pulled the towel away and held it straight, shaking the folds out. I was left standing exposed to her gazed as she gave it a final flap and carefully wrapped it back around me. She folded the end back on itself, then with a roll-over at the top plus some magical touch it was tucked in much more securely than previously. "There, that's better. See?"
I looked down, it did appear much better that way. What I noticed though, was that the sudden movements had released her own gown and it was now hanging wide open so I could see bare cleavage all the way down from her throat to her white panties that were stretched tightly over the lower part of her somewhat large stomach. The elastic was cutting into the skin, just below the dimple of her belly-button.
She didn't seem to notice but continued messing with my towel. "Look, can you see how it works?" She straightened the flap of material, causing her hand to press against my body underneath. "Oh my, that will never hang straight with you like that."
Mrs. Williams-Lyons was now examining the way that my growing erection was pushing the towel out. "So young, so virile, so unaware of the effect that you have on the ladies." Her hand was now rubbing against my groin, with predictable results. Soon the towel had fallen to the side and I was poking straight out. "Absolutely beautiful, just as I said." I felt her warm hand move underneath and cup my balls, taking their weight and massaging them gently.
This was weird. Her hand was definitely feeling me up. And she being a widow woman, older than my mother. "I love the feel of a man when he's just come from the shower, So warm, smooth and soft, yet firm. It's been such a long time, will you put your slippers under my bed tonight? I won't tell your girlfriend. Oh, and you'll have to call me Suzanne." She moved her hand to grasp my cock and was now straight-up masturbating me.
"That's if you can bring yourself to make an old woman happy." She kept her hand on me and led me to her room. "You're not very quick on the uptake I have to say."
"What do you mean Mrs. Williams-Lyons?"
"I've scrubbed the floor so many times I've lost count when you came in from work, kneeling down and wiggling my bottom at you. Sometimes a lady just needs to be mounted. And I told you, it's Suzanne."
I paused to run that comment through my mind. She did seem to be very keen on that floor, but I'd never imagined that it had been an invitation.
The belt on her gown finally fell away completely as she perched on the edge of her bed and one side of the garment opened up, allowing the side of a massive breast to come into view.
"Come here, lie down and let me have a good look at you." She sat upright as I sat down, reaching out to stroke my cock gently. An immense areola emerged, staring back at me as my towel was casually tossed onto the floor and I sank into the cloud of quilt, my knob pointing to the ceiling. A warm mouth soon enveloped me and then I could see the back of her head bobbing.
I'm not sure where she had misspent her youth, but she had learned to give a good blow-job along the way. She carried on until my head went back and I started breathing heavily. Them, unexpectedly she stopped, lay down and pulled me over.
Her robe was now on the floor next to my towel and she was lying alongside me, pale boobs sagging symmetrically on either side. Their unsupported weight indicated a fullness that must have attracted the lads during her younger days. The paunch of her stomach now lay flat, the result of all those cream scones disguised by gravity.
She shrugged her panties down to release her gut and a thinning patch of silver-grey hair became visible, covering the area above her pussy but allowing her labia to be visible, "One of the things they never warned you about getting old. Not only does the hair on your head turn grey and fall out, so does the rest." She ran her fingers through the thatch, ruffling it out from where her knickers had flattened it.
Her thighs were invitingly wide apart and as I knelt between her knees she guided my head down to her groin. Her wisps of hair were gentle against my nose, her clitoris made an appearance eager for attention and I nudged it with my nose, breathing gentle warm air over it.
I waited several seconds to tease her, then when her thighs were spread to the fullest extent and her purple-pigmented labia were beckoning, I felt my face being pulled into the moist warmth. She held my head firmly so that I could lick exactly what she wanted licking. Around her clit, then between the lips and finally deep inside.
She was different to Carol. Whilst Carol took an active role, directing operations as required, determined to satisfy and be satisfied in the shortest possible time, rinse and repeat, Suzanne Williams-Lyons simply absorbed pleasure. She enjoyed the attention audibly, positioning herself so that my ministrations were exactly right for her body. Then when everything was perfect she started making an appreciative 'um, um, um' in time to the movement.
This was no race to the finish. It was an endless state of ecstasy, luxuriating in eroticism and revelling in the joy of sensuality. She had the scent of her soaps and lotions, recently applied.
She liked to have her breasts stroked. Those bulky pillows of goose-down, soft and warm were just ready for a face to be nestled between them. She showed me how to smooth the skin with a delicate touch, slowly rising up from the ribs over the flesh that was normally nestled within her bra, around the nipple until it stood to attention, then unhurriedly but steadily back down. Then repeat with the tiniest of scratch from a fingernail.
Her thighs were tempting, her flesh was willing and her spirit was free. There was a slow but relentless increase to her rhythm. Both amplitude and wavelength as my old physics teacher would have described it. Her legs gripped tighter and tighter against my head, squeezing my ears. The 'umming' sound increased in volume until she climaxed. She tensed and held me rigidly, nose pressing into her body. I was barely able to breathe through my mouth until she slowly released me.
* * *
"You shagged your landlady? You never did. I don't fucking believe you!" Jo had wheedled that out of me as well. If ever she got selected for CID the government would need to build more prisons.
"Well, it was more tongue than anything."
"I don't care if you gave her intestines the full Feng Shui treatment, pushed her cervix up between her lungs. You had sexual relations with that woman."
I shrugged, "She showed me her Schnauzer, what was I supposed to do? Leave it un-petted?"
* * *
One day there was a bang. A loud one that shook the whole place. A real live explosion had happened in a chemical factory on the other side of town a couple of miles away. A couple of guys died, several were hospitalised. We finally made it onto the national news, with all the major TV stations making appearances.
A cloud of orange smoke drifted gently across the countryside, then all hell broke loose on the radio. I and all the other available car drivers were directed over to the scene, with an assembly point predictably in the down-wind area.
Typical really, I shouldn't have been at all surprised that the emergency plan had it all written down that our task in the event of a disaster was to go to the wrong end of the factory. We were supposed to escort ambulances through the inevitable spectator crush to the local hospital, however not only did the ambulances go to the entrance closest to the hospital but we could have all been contaminated with all the dust and fumes still spewing up into the sky.
After a few hours someone asked where the hell all those ambulances were; the answer came back that everyone who needed to go to hospital was already there. So the whole thing was worse than a waste of time from our point of view. Never mind, we had the best view in town of the twisted wreckage.
At the end of the day we were all called back to the local station for refreshments. A cup of tea was provided and someone announced that if anybody got a rash within a week, go to the hospital for a check-up. There were a few ribald whispers.
I started talking to a colleague who worked in that station who shall remain nameless, except that he was always known as 'Fuckwit'. That was on account of when he joined the job he noticed that most of the shift had a nickname and he announced that he hoped that he would be called something with wit.
So he was, immediately and forever after known as 'Fuckwit'. A typical job nickname. He worked with a colleague called 'Slinky' who thought it was because she looked hot, but really it was on account of her being absolutely bloody useless and someone once mentioned that they felt an irresistible urge to push her down the stairs.
Fuckwit asked me "Are you lodging with Smooth and Willing Loins?"
I was confused. "Huh?"
"Suzy Williams-Lyons." He had a big shit-eating grin across his face as he slurred her name.
"Oh, yeah" I replied.
"I thought that's where you were. I used to live there." He sniggered foolishly and returned to his work. I noticed that he was making a noise to himself, "Um, um, um".
Fuckwit by name, fuckwit by nature...
Two days later I saw the very overweight Head of Emergency Events Planning on television. He was telling everyone with a straight face what a success the police operation had been, how the situation had all been brought under control and how thorough the investigation would be with the assistance of the civilian Health and Safety Executive. What a load of bollocks. No-one who had actually been there had ever been asked for their opinion.
He was standing next to the Chief Constable, so at least I now knew what he looked like.
* * *
One evening not long after that, I slipped up. It was my own fault, my spirit was weak after the shitshow of the explosion. My landlady had invited me to put my slippers under her bed several times, but it had been a long day and a few of us went for a pint. Nowhere posh, just the boozer around the corner from the nick. It was always full of officers and a place where no self-respecting criminal would ever be seen.
I was on the last couple of inches of my second pint when I happened to look across the room and saw the back of a head that I recognised. I'd screwed Carol enough times from the rear to know what she looked like from that angle.
I turned around and pretended not to notice, quietly making my way towards the door for a silent exit. I thought I'd got away with it, but suddenly she was next to me in a haze of whisky and lemonade. "Can I have a word with you for a moment?"
"What about?"
"Just a word in private, outside." Carol turned and like a fool I followed her. As I watched her hips swing I was reminded of a rock concert we had attended, when she had spent an entire summer weekend wearing just a tight leather bomber jacket and training shoes. With long white socks. Oh yes. Knee-high socks and bare thighs all the way up.
Oh my word, that exposed bottom will stay in my memory for ever. Everywhere we went there were double-takes from men and women alike. Nothing below the waist and nothing underneath either. The jacket was kept unzipped just an inch too far, barely enough to contain the enticing swells of her bosom whilst maintaining a sense of imminent danger of spillage. A good stiff zip, that stayed where it was put. A bit like something else not too far away, staying stiff all weekend.
Then the funniest moment was when some idiot smacked her bare backside.
She whirled around and grabbed hold of him, like a ninja. Gave him the evil eye and shouted so everyone close by could hear, "Did you ask if you could slap my ass?"
The fool stammered like a simpleton as she stood facing him with her legs apart and said, "Get down on your knees. Get down and kiss it better. Do it, now" So he knelt down with his dumb face level with her pussy and stared at her slit, then just as he leaned forwards with his tongue out she took a quick step back and kicked him straight in the throat. He fell back clutching his neck as everybody watching fell about.
"Next time, ask. It's very rude otherwise." Carol smiled with exaggerated sweetness, turned and marched off with that ass swaying from side to side just to taunt him (and me).
I caught up with her, "You didn't ever kick me in the face when I gave you a smack on the butt."
"You asked first. If he had tried asking, perhaps I would have let him." She gave me the smile. Damn her.
But back to that night. She turned into a narrow access lane at the side of the pub, the sort of lane that is used to store garbage bins and where people go when they are caught short with no public toilets available. Quite salubrious. On the corner she stooped and then, within full view of anyone who might have been passing, she pulled down her knickers. With a tiny black scrap of lace in her hand and a tiny lift of an eyebrow, she had me. Cold.
I slid my hands under her clothes and found her breasts, just as I remembered them. So, just as I had practised with my landlady I lifted and stroked each one tenderly. Her arms wrapped around my neck and her tongue snaked into my mouth, it was like old times once more.
Then I followed her into the shadows and found her, crouched down . Without further ado my trousers were unzipped and her mouth was open to welcome me. She hadn't lost her touch and soon I was releasing my full load straight down her throat.
She stood, licking her lips. A dribble escaped for a second but she was onto it; her tongue flicked out to retrieve the errant liquid and then it was all gone, swallowed. I thought that she would be contented, but I was wrong. The was a blaze of fury in her eyes, "You shithead. I can taste her on you. The tart you've been screwing."
She leapt to her feet and I ran. Like the coward that I am.
I finally found my motivation. A raging psychotic woman after my blood gave me the incentive to take to my heels. I sprinted out of the lane and along the main road. Behind me I could hear chasing footsteps so I didn't slow down to look around. I found a pathway that led up a hill into a housing estate and followed it. Here's a quick tip. If you ever find yourself being chased, go uphill. It's hard when chasing someone up a steep slope and your lungs and legs are dying.
There was a flight of steps and I had the advantage, bounding up two or three at a time. A couple of quick zigzags gave me the opportunity to glance down, she was still hard behind me, with teeth bared. I didn't slow and give her the chance to do anything.
Carol couldn't keep up for long and I knew all the back streets and passageways. Soon the sound of heels on pavement behind me became quieter and at last silenced. I was safe for the time being, and I was at last able to tuck myself back into my pants.
* * *
A shift function loomed. Someone was being promoted so we gathered in a town centre bar and the boss turned up to give a little speech before people became too pissed to care. Not many cared about the speech either way but there were free sandwiches as an incentive to turn up. Even the officer known as Flame turned up. That name was short for 'Olympic Flame' on account of the fact that he always stayed at his desk doing paperwork for as long as possible and was almost never known to go out.
Jo had got herself spruced up in a party outfit. She did scrub up well, this time she wore a bright red Ra-Ra dress that looked glued to her buttocks. Do you remember those? Fitted around the ass and a series of loose flouncy hems that flared out emphasising any body movement. In this case the dress was off the shoulder, elastic holding it up over the boobs and showing a hint of cleavage.
I noticed a couple of guys giving admiring glances from the rear and had a strange sensation of feeling protective of her. After the presentation and sandwiches -- which turned out to be vacuum-packed plastic ham in cheap bread rubbish, Jo led the way out. She knew where we were going; a nightclub with all the bright lights on the outside and all the dim ones on the inside.
The music was loud, the dance floor was packed and the bar was expensive. I bought the first round of drinks and we found a spot by a pillar to stand next to while my wallet recovered from the shock. Before long though a guy was talking to Jo. Well I say 'talking', but obviously yelling in her ear would be more accurate.
The man was chatting her up as if I didn't exist, but as he was a least a foot taller than me and built like a brick shit-house I used my discretion and kept quiet. Then Jo turned to me and indicated that I was to stay still, then stepped onto the dance floor with the man mountain. The red dress swished as her hips swayed, her arms effortlessly in time with the beat. Why wasn't I designed to move like that?
After several records I was feeling like a spare part and wandered over to a group of other unattached guys watching like wolves from the side of the floor. I saw Jo abandon Mister Rushmore and walk across the room.
I hadn't noticed her arrive but there was the boss, Inspector Ladysmith in the same tailored black suit that she had been wearing when she was giving her speech. Jo had a short conversation with the boss, then they were off, out of the club. I don't really know why but I started following like a duckling. It wasn't a hardship; the sight as I climbed the steps to the street could hardly have been improved.
The view of the boss's ass was as easy on the eye as Jo's. The heels were high and the butt was tight. It seemed wrong somehow, ogling the boss.
Then I noticed something. The boss and Jo were holding hands. Their fingers were without doubt linked.
I stopped still, baffled. That was what it was all about, Jo's mysterious encounters with unnamed sports stars. Why lots of things, all explained in a flash.
We reached the bright lights and sudden silence of the street. Then as I stood blinking and rubbing the nightclub-tinnitus away, there was a flurry of movement and a screaming noise.
Something with blonde hair and a short black halter-neck was flying across the footpath at Jo. She instinctively raised her arms and before I even had time to react, had grappled with her assailant. Within seconds she had applied a restraint hold on the wrist of a very angry Carol.
"You bitch, find your own fucking man!" Carol was fighting mad, "Don't you dare steal my boyfriend!"
Jo was being accused of something that had her perplexed, "I know you, you're the stalker. Why has that got anything to do with me?"
"I know what you've been doing in that cop-car, giving him blow jobs all night. Him stroking your tits, let's see what you got that I haven't!" Then with a sudden lunge with her free hand, Carol reached around and caught hold of Jo's top. As Jo recoiled, the top was tugged down together with a handful of red strapless bra.
The rippling muscles in her back were on view, her slim waist for the first time without a covering of Lycra. And breasts.
Real live boobs, complete with nipples. Little dark brown bullets.
The two were immediately wrestling but Carol was swiftly thrown to the ground with Jo bending her arm gently out of its socket. When Jo managed to pull away I saw that her bra had been completely pulled down to her waist. Her breasts were there on view to entertain the crowd that had gathered around, cheering them both on. That's not both breasts, I mean both ladies. Or maybe both breasts, I don't know.
Suddenly the sad lives of the populace were enlivened with a genuine spectacle. Open mouthed, they drank in the sight.
Jo had small firm boobs that stood up for themselves on her muscular frame. Pointed with dark areolae and tanned the same shade as her body, it occurred to me later that she had been sunbathing without the benefit of the upper part of a swimsuit. Getting them out for the boys on holiday whilst being Miss Modesty back home.
Carol wasn't finished yet and with her legs thrashing around managed to force Jo onto her back. Jo must have released her hold, far too early. Carol had her fingers entangled in Jo's hair as the pair rolled on the pavement together, Carol's black dress was now rucked up to her waist showing white panties that were tucked deeply between the cheeks of her bottom.
As they wrestled, rolling together on the flagstones, the breasts appeared and disappeared. Sometimes a single, sometimes the pair.
Then Carol broke free and stood. She looked at me, "Call that a pair of tits? You've been short-changed. Remember these?" With that she pulled her dress right up and over her head so that she stood just wearing her heels and panties. Her fantastic chest was bared to the crowd. "This is what you call tits."
She turned and ran away as everyone stood, open mouthed. A cheer rang out and even a smattering of applause from the watchers. By the time anyone thought of chasing her, she was gone, carrying her dress with her breasts bouncing wildly.
Jo quickly pulled her clothing back up to restore her modesty. The disgruntled crowd turned away, boobs now vanished for ever.
When her chest had been patted firmly into its correct position, she turned round and saw me. "Do you remember when she said to you, 'If you switch off the light you can put it in her ass?'"
I didn't remember such a thing.
She continued, "You should have let the bulb cool first."
* * *
One day inevitably, Jo and I happened across Not-Bob again.
Jo recognised him first, she always did. She was not only fast, fit and good looking; she was alert. Sometimes I felt like hating her except she was easy to like as well. Not-Bob was just walking along the street, minding his own business when Jo pulled over, "Hey, how's things going?"
He was guarded, then recognised us "Fine, thanks."
"How's the case?"
"That's all sorted, a binding-over order." A standard court order to keep the peace and not get into more trouble for a few months, after which period it's open house once more. Then he looked closely at me, "Are you the copper that Carol took up with?" He paused, then apologised for calling me a copper. That was OK, I never took that as a particular insult anyway.
He continued, "Was I ever glad to get out of that. She's inexhaustible. Never slept, hardly ever drew breath as far as I could tell. I'd been trying for ages to break it off with her, but she could be shall we say, very persuasive. It's great to start with, but sooner or later you need to have a rest. Are you still with her?"
"Not any more, but she's still stalking me. Waiting outside the station, it's getting to be a nuisance."
"I know the feeling. Eventually you have to sleep, it's great at first but fuck it's exhausting. Did she take a photo of your dick? She has an album of every one she's ever had. Eventually I tried fighting her off with a knife, that's why she called you. Afterwards I gave in and went back to her, what a stupid thing to do. But as they say, when you get a hard-on, the blood drains from your brain. In the end of course I fell asleep at the wheel and bent the car. I never said that of course, I'm not that daft. Luckily she already had her eyes on you, so I ducked out of sight until she had you snared."
I needed advice, "Tell me, what do you reckon I should do?"
"Do what I did. Wait until she sees someone else she fancies, keep on mentioning him and hope that she sees the guy again. She'll do all the running then, don't worry about that. And when you come across him, you can shout 'April Fool'. Good luck!"
With that, Not-Bob shouted "April Fool!" and walked off with a merry whistle on his lips and a spring in his step.
* * *
I was back in the office, my shift was finishing. I had plans to make -- find someone to take me home hidden in the back of their car and this was indeed becoming a bit of a nuisance. The next shift was starting to appear and the officer known as Fuckwit walked through the door.
I hailed him, "Hi Fuckwit, what are you doing here?"
"I just transferred across, this is my first shift".
I had a flash of inspiration. "How do you fancy going out for a pint sometime?"
He was suspicious, "What's the deal?"
"Nothing particular, just thought I would welcome you to the station. Will tomorrow do you? I'll pick you up."
And it was a simple as that. I phoned Carol and the deed was done. Not-Bob's tune came to my mind, I hummed it to myself all night and I was happy.
Now, whenever I hear someone singing 'Nothing Could Be Finer Than To Be In Carolina In the Morning', I'm reminded of the lady who I like to remember as my psycho girlfriend.
Poor Fuckwit. What a fool.
* * *