Ch 1.9: Interrogation
The tall woman led Elaina through the halls, never releasing her wrist, her short brown hair bouncing up and down over her dark skin with each step forward. Her skin wasn't as dark as Char's, the carriage driver who'd brought Elaina to Endrin, but still darker than most people Elaina had ever met. She walked with the weight of authority, seeming less like she was enrolled at the school and more like a member of the faculty, despite her uniform clearly marking her as a student, not a teacher.
Elaina's captor pulled a ring of keys out of her jacket pocket after their short trip and unlocked a side door, opening up an opulent office space, filled with ornate tables and chairs, all empty, fortunately, leading to one large, gold trimmed desk. Behind that desk was... A window? But they were deep into the castle, with no connection to the outside. Elaina gaped as she looked at it closer, realizing the window was made of crystal, and it didn't show outside at all, but rather was showing one of the academy's inner hallways. It stayed on that hallway for a moment then changed to another, cycling every few seconds.
The woman walked towards the window, giving Elaina the first chance to actually admire her long, strong legs coming down from her skirt, her slim athletic form. "Crystal monitor," she said, sitting down at the desk. There was nowhere in front of it for Elaina to sit, so she just stood in the center of the room. "State of the art, only installed last year." She tapped a crystal tablet on the desk, a long pink nail clacking on it, and the image changed once again, to the front entrance that Elaina had first walked into. "I'd heard there was a cute girl wandering around, so I was waiting for one of my flunkies to bring you in. Imagine my surprise when I saw you waltzing through the front door alone." Yeah, Elaina was really glad she hadn't actually attacked those guards now. The woman leaned forward, playful eyes, dark brown with light pink eyeshadow below them boring into Elaina.Gods,Elaina though. Prisma had been beautiful, but this girl washot.
"So, formalities," the girl said. "I'm head of the student watch, Tira Strask. Who do I have the pleasure of meeting tonight?"
"E-Elaina."
"Last name?"
"I-, uhm, don't have one. Weaver, I guess, technically. That's what they had me put on the registration forms."
"Oh? A commoner, huh." The woman jerked forward in her chair. "Wait, are youthatcommoner?"
Elaina winced. "Probably."
Tira sat back again, letting out a whistle. "Causing trouble all over the place, huh? Rough couple a days you've had. Anyway, let's get started." The woman pulled out a quill and started writing. "Funny enough, there's not a rule about prancing about in lingerie specifically, but you are out of uniform, so we have that violation to deal with. You're way past curfew, obviously, so that's number two. And lastly, the 'unbecoming conduct' situation. The lingerie doesn't help you out there either, but I'm more concerned with the fact that you reek of sex and have a damp spot the size of the lake on your panties than the fact that you're wearing panties specifically."
Elaina choked, covering her underwear with her hands. She had no defense, no reasonable one. "I'm really sorry, ma'am..."
"Ma'am?" She grinned. "I do like the sound of that, but I'm like, a year older than you. Maybe two, since I hear your late birthday is why your Awakening went to shit. But regardless, 'Tira' will do, for now."
"Right, still, I'm sorry."
Tira stared at Elaina. "That's all?"
"I— yes..."
Tira sighed, dropping her quill and leaning back in her chair, a chair that reclined as she fell into it. "Look, I know there's more to the story than that. When my apparently blind subordinates are talking about a streaking fresher nearly an hour before she actually shows up, therehasto be more to the story." She leaned forward again, this time frowning at Elaina. "So tell me, why are you dressed like this? Why are you out this late? Did someone do this to you? Whatelsedid they make you do?"
Elaina's voice caught in her throat. She was getting riled up again, being interrogated in just her underwear. And this woman, this girl barely older than Elaina herself had an air of authority around her that was almost as intense as she was hot. Elaina hadn't experienced raw authority like this before, not from her parents, not from the headmaster, no one.
Still, Prisma's threat lingered. Talk, and Elaina would have it even worse. "I— I just am. I was alone, I took my clothes off, and I was late getting back..."
Tira stared back, eyebrows pushing together in annoyance. "Listen, I get it; the horny girl is scared and embarrassed. I'm not an asshole, but I do have a job here. Keep whatever secrets you have to to yourself, but I'm going to need you to explain to me, without lying, why I shouldn't issue you this write up."
Elaina shook her head, trying to find more words. Sorry wasn't enough, and she'd already said that, but there wasn't anything else shecouldtell the woman. Not without making things worse. "I can't say what happened."
"Well, at least that's something." Tira stood up and slammed a fist on the desk, shaking it and knocking the quill she'd been using to the ground. There was anger in her frown, in her eyes, but her words didn't hold that anger, only authority. "Still not good enough. I know you're protecting someone else. Tell me what happened, now."
They stared at each other for a moment, for a while. Elaina wasn't sure how long. Tira stood there, leaning over the desk, holding the gaze for what seemed like forever. Elaina knew she wouldn't be able to leave without saying what happened, she knew she still couldn't say it. She had to listen to Tira, but she had to be silent too. Elaina bit her lip, looking down, closing her eyes shut to stem the tears welling up again. She couldn't cry, not here. She was already in trouble. She needed to stay strong, accept her punishment, move on, and then—
A soft hand lifted Elaina's chin up. She opened her eyes, seeing Tira look down at her. The student watch member looked like a prince come to save the princess in a fairy tale. The anger was still there, but Elaina could tell now that the anger wasn't for her. It was for Waine, for Prisma, for the others. "Can I hold you?" Tira asked.
The answer was obvious. "Uh-huh." Tira pulled Elaina into her, wrapping her arms around Elaina's back and enveloping her. Tira's chest was more average than large, but its gentle embrace cradled Elaina's head as she still struggled to hold back the tears. "I'm sorry, I'm going to ruin your uniform."
"If you're going to cry, I'm not going to let you do it all alone. Go ahead, let it out."
The tears flowed. Elaina sobbed into her upperclassman's shirt, gripping the sleeves of her jacket as she did. She remained there, crying on this complete stranger for as long as she could manage to produce tears, finally slowing down and just leaning into the embrace.
"When you're ready, tell me what actually happened," Tira said. Elaina pushed away, sniffing, looking at her empty hands, dejected. Tira produced a handkerchief from her pocket and handed it over, which Elaina took and started wiping her face.
"I— you heard about my Awakening going wrong, you said?"
"Ya, sorry that happened. Sucks that you had to find out like that, especially when it's actually the school's fault in the first place."
"Right, well, some other students took me out into the forest for the test of courage. They said that's why they were taking me out anyway, but actually..."
Tira furrowed her brow. "They did this to you."
Elaina nodded. "They tore up my clothes, said I didn't deserve to wear the Endrin uniform."
"Fuckwads," Tira said, walking back to her desk and sitting down and picking her quill up from the floor. "You have their names?"
Elaina glanced away. "I— no."
"Elaina, this is serious. If they're threatening you, don't worry, they won't be able to do shit to you once I'm finished with them."
"They're not... It's not just that. I deserved this, and I don't want to cause—"
"Cut that shit!" Tira threw her quill down and began to rub her temples. "I'm on your side here. If you let them get away with this, they'll just go further next time. And your uniform is destroyed? The school will replace it if I can report what happened, but they don't just give those out for free, not without a reason."
She was right, Elaina knew. Prisma's threats weren't even good ones; she'd admitted that if her and Waine's group followed through with them they may get expelled. "I still can't tell on them, I'm sorry. I trust you, but I really just want this to be over. I'll make do with my spare uniform until I can figure something out."
Tira groaned, throwing her head back. "Fine," she said, picking up the parchment she'd been writing on earlier and tearing it to pieces. "You're lucky you slipped past the other student watch members. If they'd seen you, I'd have to report something, but since you're going to be stubborn about this and no one else saw you, I'm going to do my best to forget this ever happened."
The woman stood up again, removing her golden pin and setting it down. She took her jacket off, revealing her powerful torso in full, and started walking back to Elaina. Tira tried handing the garment over to Elaina, who pushed it away and started walking back. "No, I can't take that. I'll just—"
"It's cold, and you're in your underwear. I can't be sure none of the other watch will see you on the way back, so you really need to wearsomething. And keep the handkerchief."
Elaina reached out pulled the jacket to her body, clutching it and the handkerchief both. "But you'll be out of uniform, and I don't know how to get it back to you."
Tira shrugged, laughing Elaina off. "On the night shift and in charge to boot, I can get away without the jacket for a few hours. I'll just swing by your dorm sometime to grab it later."
Elaina blushed, covering herself with her new piece of temporary clothing. "Come to my dorm? Do you mean..."
"Uh, no. You're a little too vulnerable here for me to be hitting on right now."
Right now?Elaina felt her face grow even redder as she wrapped the jacket around herself, buttoning it up. With Tira's height, it was actually long enough to function as a skirt, but that also meant her lace-clad breasts were completely hanging out the top. She looked up and saw Tira staring at them.
Tira coughed, realizing what she'd been doing. "Anyway, you really should get back to your dorm room. If anyone comes in and I'm not actively writing you up, I'll have a lot of explaining to do. Try not to be seen, but if anyone finds you I can try and cover."
"Right." Elaina turned around and started walking towards the door, stopping after only a few steps and turning back around. "Thank you, Tira, for everything."
Tira placed a hand on Elaina's head and ruffled her hair. "No problem. Now get some sleep, you've had a rough night."
Elaina relished the contact for a moment before nodding and walking off. It had been a rough night. After exiting the office she hurried through the hallways, finally with some semblance of modesty, but knowing she wasn't fully in the clear just yet.
Ch 1.10: Redo
Elaina made it back to her dorm wing without incident, but paused at the entrance as she heard noise from the common room. On a school night the curfew meant complete lights out, but on the weekend like today, it simply meant students had to be in the dorms, common area included. She took a deep breath, pulling Tira's jacket over her as much as she could before darting in.
It took a second for someone to notice her state of dress, but once they did Elaina heard a sharp whistle, followed by shouting aimed at her, "Whoo! Get some, girl!" Elaina continued her path to the stairs, face burning as she ignored the hollering.At least they don't know what really happened.Not yet, anyway. There was still the portrait situation, but Elaina couldn't worry about that now. Five people had pictures of her, they would show them to others, and that was that. She made her way up to her room and opened the door.
For once her roommate had beaten her to the room, but she was already asleep. Elaina walked over to her dresser and opened it, squinting in the darkness. Her other clothes were still there, of course. Waine and the others had wanted to send a message that wouldn't be noticed by school faculty, so taking every bit of her wardrobe wasn't an option. She pulled off Tira's jacket, put it on top, and glanced back over at her roommate. Still asleep, back to Elaina's side of the room. Confident she wouldn't be seen, Elaina took off her underwear set and went to place it in the dresser, noticing the star necklace that Char had carved for her on their carriage ride here.
Luckily I didn't wear this today.She had wanted to save it for her actual Awakening, but she supposed she messed that up too, having done that already. Elaina put her underwear in, then took out the necklace and put it on, something to keep her company in the night. She looked at the nightgowns she'd packed, deciding if she wanted to wear one. She never wore them at home, but she knew she should now that she had a roommate. Her eyes flicked to the top of the dresser though, and she grabbed Tira's jacket back instead before closing the drawer.
The jacket would be nice, tonight at least. She'd noticed its smell on the walk back, like evergreen trees growing in a field of lavender. She put it on in reverse, the back of the jacket now cradling her like Tira had, before climbing in her bed. The rough fabric of the uniform wasn't as soft as her bedsheets, but it was somehow more comforting.Why does this jacket feel so nice?
She thought over everything that had happened the last few hours, wondering why she'd bothered wearing anything to bed at all. Normally she'd already be pounding herself, halfway to an orgasm after something like this. She liked to think it was because she had a roommate to worry about, but the night before had proven that Elaina didn't care about that. She'd already gotten herself off twice, to be fair, and that was probably part of it too, but two times in as many hours was certainly not her limit. Neither of those were it.
Elaina definitelycouldget herself going, but for some reason she didn't feel the need to, despite all that had happened. She clutched the jacket to her chest, drinking in the smell of Tira's perfume as she faded to sleep.
***
Elaina shot up at the first bell, looking over to the other bed in her room. "Damnit!" It was neatly made, empty, again. "I only half believe that girl exists." Elaina had hoped to meet her this morning, try and prod out how much she'd seen and heard on their first night. The thought of that conversation looming over her head wasn't even embarrassing, just anxiety inducing.
Elaina threw on new underwear and her spare uniform— her only uniform, she supposed— and set out about her day. She attended her first breakfast, which was thankfully uneventful, and in between meals returned back to her dorm, hoping to catch her roommate. Unsuccessful again, she resolved to try again after lunch. Lunch was almost as uneventful, but Elaina thought she was getting more stares than earlier.I can't tell if it's because of the Awakening, or the portraits.
She repeated her trip back to her room after eating, finding it empty once again and tossed herself onto her mattress with a sigh, resolving to try and wait out her roommate again. Elaina would've gone out and looked for her in the common area, but the only thing she'd ever seen of the girl was the back of her head in the dead of night, and there could be any number girls with short dark hair.
She could try and go out and make more friends, of course, but that hadn't gone well so far. No, it was better to get the basic pleasantries out of the way with the person she would have to spend time with— if they ever met— and then keep low during her time at the academy. It would be lonely, but she could manage.
Elaina entertained herself on her bed by conjuring and manipulating lengths of rope and chains. She couldn't do any real practice outside, since as far anyone else knew she was still unawakened, but it passed the time well enough.
The dinner bell rang after hours of fruitless waiting and contemplation, so Elaina finally got up and started the trek back to the dining hall for the last time of the day. She made her way there with the flow of students, the vast crowd all making their way to the same destination, and Elaina realized for the first time that she would be the only one having her Awakening in front of the entire school, not just her fellow first years. Two days prior there would have been a separate meal for the upperclassmen, but it wouldn't make sense to arrange that just for Elaina.
She was fortunately one of the first to arrive, and there was plentiful seating near the faculty table, which she was grateful for. That had been the place to be on the full Awakening night, but the desirable tables for general eating seemed to be the ones closest to the serving station, naturally. The station itself was currently closed, automatons standing at it next to empty trays.Right, they waited to serve food after the Awakening then too.
Elaina sat alone for a while, but eventually the room started to reach capacity, and people had to move to the outer tables and fill in around her. There wasdefinitelyattention on her this time: staring, pointing, whispers, but none so loud she could make out the words over the general volume of the room, which was already louder than usual.
Alonse Stormshine stood, and the room silenced. "Now," he said, his thunderous voice echoing throughout the hall, "I must make an apology on behalf of the faculty. We mistakenly offered enrollment to a certain student when they technically weren't of age, and that caused some strife the other night.
"But today is her twentieth birthday, and rather than send her back home, we're going to have a special Awakening for her tonight and enroll her this year anyway. I appreciate your hospitality and understanding to her as we delay this evening's dinner, but please recognize again that it is ultimately the academy's error that caused this, not hers." He waved his hand, the Awakening crystal appearing once more in front of him, mist floating inside. He looked at Elaina, smiling and beckoning her to him.
Elaina stood and began the long walk up to him. Had it always been this far to the faculty table? She'd sat as close as possible, but this distance seemed to stretch and stretch, right up until she reached that damned red rug, sprawled across the floor, leading up the stairs she needed to walk up to reach the crystal.
What if I dreamed it? I could have hit my head falling down that hole, imagined the whole thing. I mean really, a crystal orb that talks and gave me a class? I really might still be a dud.
She swallowed, then pressed forward, ignoring both the rug on the floor and her own thoughts. When she reached the top of the stairs, she braced herself for the worst and reached out a finger, tapping the top of the crystal once more, her final chance. At first, there was nothing. Nothing continued, giving way to—
Nothing.
"No," she whispered. "Not again..."
The stormy mist inside the crystal raged, surging inside the confines like it was trying to escape,neededto escape. It continued on for only seconds, but still far longer than it had for the Awakenings Elaina had seen prior, finally calming and settling to its previous pattern of gentle swirling. The faculty, the only people Elaina could see, all stared with dumbfounded expressions, some at crystal, some at Elaina herself, and some even at the headmaster.
For his part, Alonse Stormshine also stared at the crystal, brow furrowed in confusion. Elaina couldn't see the students behind her, but she could imagine their stares too, cutting through the silence of the room. "Ah," Alonse eventually said, using his regular speaking volume. "Apologies." He cleared his throat and then continued on in his booming voice, addressing the entire school as much as Elaina. "Your aspect, Restraint! Its usefulness is apparent to anyone who knows anything about aspects, and combined with the immense blessing the stars have bestowed upon you, I can only imagine you are destined for great things. And with that, let us eat!"
A roll of applause started behind Elaina, likely as much for the prospect of food as it was for her, as the headmaster waved the crystal away and leaned in to whisper to her. "I mean that. Don't let anyone tell you that you don't belong here, understand?"
"Y- yes sir." She bowed her head and turned back, walking to her prior seat.
The rest of the dinner was a catastrophe. Students got up and crowded the serving station, blocking the automatons from bringing in more food. The system was definitely designed for a gradual influx of diners over time, not a mad rush all at once. Elaina knew it would be a while for her to get a chance at being served, so she decided to wait, as did some of the people sitting around her who realized the same. As the students were able to get food began eating, conversation slowed, all except at the far edge of the room where she and a few others continued to seethe in hunger.
"She's the girl they have pictures of, right?" Elaina heard a student whisper.
"Ya, I hear they have her naked!"
"Nah, it's not naked, just underwear. Ferris is supposed to be selling prints of them later this week, five gold a pic." Elaina locked gazes with the group of boys that were talking, her eyes wide in shock. They stared at each other for a moment before the boys got up and shuffled towards the serving station.
Elaina still was getting her mind around crystal technology, but if a print was anything like printing a pattern on fabric, she knew she was in trouble.Five gold.She'd never had that much money at one time in her life, and Waine Ferris was going to selling pictures of her for that mucheach.Even beyond the humiliation aspect, that pissed her off, thathewas going to make money off ofherbody.She could deal with the embarrassment, but she wouldn't stand for the exploitation.
There was a little time to try and stop it. She could beg, plead? She wasn't a dud anymore— was never a dud— and could maybe get back in their good graces. She could try and go throughher.Elaina sighed.No, that won't work.She got her dinner once everyone else had, scarfing it down and returning to her dorm room.
When she went to try her key, she realized the door was unlocked.Did I forget to lock it? Or is my roommate finally here?She knocked and then opened the door slowly, seeing that the room was still empty, but not quite the way she'd left it.
Her uniform, tattered and ripped to shreds, was scattered across her bed. In a moment of panic, she thought her spare had been ripped up too, before she remembered she was wearing that. She crept in, closing the door behind her.
No, the uniform that was ripped up and strewn across her living space was the one from the night before, the one Prisma had tore off of her, and on it was a note."I washed this for you as best I could so no one could tell it was thrown in the dirt. Tell a teacher you found it in your room cut up like this, and they should replace it for you."No signature.
Having the pieces of her uniform back was objectively a good thing, but Elaina couldn't help but be confused. Worried, scared? All three, probably. "Fuck me," Elaina said, throwing her face into her pillow. Any kid in the nation dreamed of going to Endrin their entire life, and this wasnotthe way she had imagined it going. The mysteries were piling up: the pictures, her uniform, her class, and not to mention her actualclassesstarted tomorrow. She grabbed the note one more time, examining the handwriting. She was almost certain it was a girl's, but no matter what she was going to find out who wrote this letter.
Ch 1.11: Class
"So, you've come to the academy of Endrin, in hopes that you will serve well the nation of Endrin." The teacher for Elaina's first ever class at Endrin, Practical Aspect Applications, was a gruff women that looked to be in her fifties, pacing across the ground, arms locked behind a stiffly straight back. She had a strong, angular face, and gray hair speckled with strands of black that cropped short and slicked back. "I was once Commander Calivahn, but you may call me Madame Calivahn."
Every first year seemed to have met for this class, packed into the sand field that served as the academy's training ground. It was Elaina's only class for the day, and set to last two hours, which didn't quite add up to her, but she couldn't complain about her first class being outside on a nice, crisp spring morning. "Now," Calivahn continued. "You may be wondering why there's so many of you here with one lonely teacher, how I can teach so many of you. Well, I can't. Different aspects and different students require different teaching methodology, so today some of the second years are going to help me sort you lot into smaller lots that will actually be manageable."
Three students walked out from behind the crowd of first years. Elaina couldn't believe it, but she recognized each of them. Two were the student watch members she'd managed to sneak past only two nights prior, and the last one was the one she didn't manage to sneak past, the student watch captain herself, Tira, leading the other two with a smirk, glancing across the first years as if they were her prey.
"First, you'll separate into three groups so we can evaluate you. To my right, those of you with external aspects, my middle, internal aspects, and on the left I want the worldly aspects. If you don't know which you are, see one of my aides." External, internal, and worldly. Elaina's was classified as an environmental targeting aspect, by the System at least. She guessed it wasn't an internal aspect, since she had the ability to augment it to self targeting, but she wasn't sure if it would be considered worldly or external.
She looked at the movement of the other students, curious about how the groups would be lining up. The middle section, internal aspects, was by far the largest group, with the other smaller sections flanking it. Most of the students moved with purpose, and why wouldn't they? The vast majority of them had been illegally practicing for months to a year. Still, some small number approached the student watch members that had been enlisted as teaching aids, and Elaina decided to join in.
Most of the unsure students were going to the male watch member in front of the middle group. Elaina didn't want to crowd him anymore, so she walked over to the aide on her right currently wrangling those who had worldly aspects, Tira.
"Alright freshers, if you're a manifester, on the field. Sole manipulators, off to the side. Those still unsure, see me." The natural authority in Tira's voice moved the students along, forming two files of about fifteen students each. By the time Elaina got to Tira she was just finishing up sending off two students to their place. When she saw Elaina, Tira smiled and reached out to mess with her hair.
"Well now, do we get to play together, or are you just coming to say 'hi?''"
Elaina backed away, blushing at the contact. "I'm not sure where I'm supposed to be, exactly. I don't think I'm self targeting, err, internal targeting, but I don't know exactly where I do fit either."
"Oh, that's easy. Have you had a chance to mess around with your aspect yet?"
"A little." It was the truth. Elaina may have had her aspect for a day longer than most people thought she had, but she still had far less experience than probably anyone else in the school.
"What's it do?"
"I can create rope. Rope and chains."
"Alright, you're definitely worldly Aspected then. You just create, or can you move them too?"
"I can move them, yeah."
"Sweet!" Tira clapped as she beamed. "You're a manifester-manipulator. I can only manipulate myself, actually. Go ahead and get in line on the field for now; I'll get to you in order."
"Yes ma'am." Elaina winced as she said it, but Tira just laughed. She didn't know why she felt the need to address her like that.
As she turned back to the end of the line Elaina got a glimpse of the far group from her, the similarly small external Aspected, and the person in front of its file, Waine Ferris.At least I don't have to be paired up with him.She still had business with him, what with him about to be selling near nude pictures of her to the entire school, but if she was about to spend the rest of her school life in class with a group, she'd prefer him not be in it.
The rest of Waine's crowd were similarly absent from Elaina's group, save one. Prisma was in the middle of the line of students on the field, chatting away with those around her with a smile on her face, not a care in the world. As Elaina walked by their eyes locked, and Prisma's face fell into a frown.She really does hate me...
Elaina continued to the back of the line. She watched as the group of students in front were tested according to Tira's instruction. Manifesters, this group was called. Some would also be manipulators apparently, and those that were only manipulators waited off to the sides.
It didn't take long to grasp the terminology. Everyone in front of Elaina, the manifesters, could create something from nothing, at least temporarily, and those who could also control what they created were also manipulators. Elaina really should have been paying attention during her class's Awakening— she knew that— but as it stood this was her first chance to find out about the aspects of her classmates.
Most seemed... Generic? Underwhelming? Elaina realized hers kind of was as well, now that she thought about it. Endrin students were supposed to be like the Stormshines, commanding thunder and lightning, leveling armies. In this group, sure, there was a guy that could create a sword, a girl that could conjure and shoot a crossbow bolt from her hands. Those were impossible feats, fantastical, but still somundanecompared to the stories.
Prisma walked up. "Alright, fresher," Tira said. "Show me." Prisma closed her eyes and took one deep breath, simply standing there. She seemed nervous, and Elaina began to sweat, both from anticipation and the humidity.Does she have stage fright?The entire field of students watched Prisma, each of them sweating in the scorching field. Elaina herself was almost drenched now, the sweltering air of the... The sweltering air of the early morning? In the first week of spring?
"Heat," Prisma said, waving her arm in an arc towards the sky, a plume of fire erupting from her hand as she did, a flame magnitudes larger than the bonfires that would grace Elaina's village on the winter solstice, an inferno that would have engulfed numerous of her classmates if it were directed anywhere but straight up, still threatening to engulf those standing near Prisma even as she directed it away from them.
This was the power Elaina had imagined. The others would get better, learn to do more with their aspects, but there was a level of mastery that Prisma had innately, that factor that ensured the top families of the nation remained at the top. These were the types of people that Elaina heard stories about, and the gap between them and even the middle tier students at Endrin was astounding.
The crowd of students watching gasped in unison, the air around them returning to the natural brisk chill of early spring as Prisma released her aspect. "I can control the ambient heat around me," Prisma continued. "Sorry for any discomfort, but that's the only way I can demonstrate that. I also produce fire, and I'm still working on manipulating existing flames, but I can do that as well."
Tira was flustered, pulling at her collar with one hand and using her jacket to fan herself with the other. "Well, your placement is obvious, at the least. You can go stand with the other manipulators for now, but off to the side. You're in a group of your own for now."
Elaina felt bad for the boy who came next and showed what was admittedly an impressive display of conjuring a trio of dogs that looked ready and willing to do combat, but it still felt hollow and lacking. After Prisma's display, anything would be a disappointment, and Elaina was just glad she didn't have to be the one to follow it up.
Eventually though, it was her turn. "Right then, Elaina, you're the last one of the manifesters." Tira smiled at Elaina as she crept forward. "Let's see what the faculty were all abuzz about last night."
The faculty? Right, Elaina's Awakening had been,unusual.Elaina didn't think that Tira was trying to freak her out, but the pressure wasn't helping. It wasn't embarrassment, which would actually be a good thing, just anxiety.
Elaina swallowed, raising a hand. "So, my thing, my aspect is Restraint." She conjured a length of rope, only a few feet long, dancing it around in the air. "I can make rope, I guess. And also chains." She let the rope disintegrate before creating a chain, the metal falling to the ground. "Oh yeah, uhm, those are kind of heavy, so it's hard to lift them. I can still move them though." The chain slithered like a sad snake.
Tira pursed her lips as the students waiting in the wing laughed. "Err, anything else?"
"Ah— No, not really."
"Well, go stand in with the other manifesters, the regular group."
Elaina bowed her head, the chain dematerializing as well. "Yes ma'am." She started to walk away before Tira's hand fell on her shoulder.
"You haven't had the head start the others have. Your placement isn't set in stone, so work hard and prove them wrong."
Elaina stormed off to the side of the field without responding, joining the others, the "regular group." She knew Tira was right, that even having a class didn't mean her aspect was inherently stronger. She needed training, and that's what she was here for, right? It still stung.
"Now then, you three," Tira said, motioning towards Prisma and two others that had been grouped with her, the dog boy and a girl who could make and control water, "Are going to be in Advanced Manipulation. The rest of you that have been tested will be in Standard Manifestation or Standard Manipulation. I'll consult with Ole' Calivahn to make sure you're in the right spot for your aspect. Alright, sole manipulators, rally to me by the equipment stand over there so I can see what you can do. If you've been tested, the next hour or so is free training. Actually work, don't slack off."
The students dispersed, the tested students grouping off on the field as the untested manipulators went off with Tira to a rack with all sorts of weapons and mundane instruments alike. Since they weren't able to manifest anything, apparently they needed to have something to use their aspect on.
Elaina ended up alone, again. She wasn't going the let the time go to waste though. Face flush with both embarrassment and anger, she conjured up a chain again, a real chain with actual length, and whipped it into the sand. She wished for a target dummy, anything to actually attack as she repeatedly pounded the ground with the metal links she'd made.
She did that for only a minute before she wore herself out.Damnit, if I'd been able to do at least that...She'd still not be on the level of Prisma, not even the dog boy or the water girl, but she wouldn't have looked so pitiful. She wiped sweat off her brow, looking up to see if Prisma was heating the area again. She wasn't, it was just exertion.
A crack rang out from behind, and Elaina moaned, pleasure radiating from her groin as an equal amount of pain struck across her leg, [Pain Response] activating. She whipped around to see Waine Ferris standing behind her holding a literal whip in his hands, smirking his stupid face.
"The worldly Aspected sure do have some fun toys over here. What's a dud doing with them though?"
Elaina gritted her teeth, exhaling through her nose. "What do you want?"
"I'm actually not here for you." He motioned behind him, to a short girl with glasses and shoulder length, messy black hair, her green eyes as wide as a deer who just realized she'd accidentally walked into a butcher's shop. She was, well, not large, but soft, filling out her uniform fully in a way that most others didn't. "I'm here to introduce Prisma to your replacement. She's got an external aspect like me. You know, something actually useful."
"Hey!" the girl squeaked out. "I— I didn't even—"
"What the fuck is going on over here?" Tira shouted, storming over from the equipment rack, eyes drilling holes through Waine.
Waine threw his hand up, laughing away. "Just having some fun with my classmate. Is teasing a crime now, officer?"
"Give me that whip now," Tira said, extending her hand, "And you won't have the displeasure of learning what I can do with it, Ferris."
Waine cocked an eyebrow. "Wow, you know who I am and still have this much guts." He tossed the coiled whip, Tira snatching it out of the air. "I'm honestly impressed, especially for someone of your pedigree."
Tira rolled her eyes. "Shouldn't you be bothering your own teacher's aide?"
Waine threw his hands up. "I'm tested already, Advanced External Targeting, and I have business here besides. I'm meeting one of my practicum partners to introduce our last group member," he said, pointing his thumb to the girl behind.
The girl shook her head. "I— I still—"
"Elaina," Tira said. "Are you really practicum partners with this kid?"
"No no," Waine said. "Not her. I was just saying hi to her as we walked to Prisma. We'll be going now." He turned back to Elaina. "By the way, if you ever want to do some modeling again, let me know."
Tira cocked her head. "Modeling?"
Waine laughed, grabbing the arm of the girl he was with and dragging her off as he spoke. "Ya, she was kind enough to do some underwear modeling for me. If you want any pics, they're five gold a pop. Just gotta offload 'em to' the printer later today."
Elaina's heart sunk. She'd hoped until now that it was just a rumor, that it wasn't actually happening. Later today though? There wasn't even any time to stop it.
CRACK! CRACKCRACKCRACKCRACKCRACK!
The field froze, everyone turning to Tira. Elaina hadn't seen what she'd done to make such a sound, the repeated, near continuous cracks of the whip, but she saw her face. Tira's nostrils flared, eyes crunched into the shape of knives as she stomped towards a dumbstruck Waine. "What the fuck did you just say?"
"Hey hey!" Waine said, stumbling backwards and falling on his ass in the sand. "She agreed to it! It was entirely her idea, even! Right,Elaina?" Waine looked at her, begging, pleading, all confidence gone as Tira stopped in front of him, looming over.
"Is that true?" Tira asked.
"What the hell is going on here, Waine?" Prisma's voice. She was running over from her group, panting as she trudged through the sand.
"Elaina," Tira said. "Is it true?"
Elaina bowed her head. There was fear in Waine's eyes, and she had power now. But that power was temporary, borrowed power from Tira. If she had her own power, something that could stand up to him, put fear into him, she might've been able to tell the truth. Tears streamed from her eyes as she uttered her response, "Yes, it's true. I volunteered so they'd let me hang out with them."
Waine got up, chuckling nervously. "See! We're all good." He brushed sand off his uniform pants, shaking his head. "Thanks for telling the truth, Elaina.Reallyappreciate it."
"Bullshit!" Tira said sticking a finger into Waine's chest. "I know what you're doing, you sniveling little shit. I'm the head of the student watch, and—"
"Now now,officer,let's not be too hasty. I'm sure you know that nothing here can be proven as untoward. If a student wants to be a little slut, I guess you'd be in your right to writeherup for unbecoming conduct, but when it was all her idea, can you really go after the guy she pressured into doing it?" He pushed her finger off his chest. "Do you really think that's going to work?"
Tira ground her teeth, pushing his hand away. "A duel," she said. "A duel, and you erase the pictures, all of them, if you lose."
"What?" Waine looked dumbfounded. "You don't have anything to offer me, and even with my power I'm not stupid enough to challenge a second year worldly Aspected."
"You're not going to be dueling me," Tira said. Elaina was the one dumbfounded now. If it wasn't Tira that was dueling, who was it? And why was everyone looking toElainaof all people for the answer?
Oh.
Ch 1.12: Terms
Surely Elaina misunderstood, surely Tira was joking, or surely Elaina was dreaming. But all eyes were on her, and Elaina knew none of those were true. She really expected Elaina to duel Waine Ferris. "Wait, Tira, I don't want to fight anyone! I really did let him take those pictures, I just—"
"Enough, Elaina." Tira said, crossing her arms. "You both agree to the duel, and I'll drop it. If either of you don't participate, I'm reporting you both for unbecoming conduct."
Waine snarled. "Who are you to decide who I duel? Do you know who I am?"
"I know you're a brat that's been allowed to get away with far too much for far too long. Now, do you accept the duel, or are you too scared to fight a commoner?"
"I'm not scared," Waine said, stomping his food on the ground. "But there's no reason for me to accept. What are my terms, what do I get if I win?"
Tira pointed at Elaina. "She'll sign her rights away to the portraits. You'll be the legitimate owner of the images, no more trouble possibly brewing, and I drop the issue. Again, unless you're scared."
"What in the stars is going on over here." Madame Calivahn said, making her way through the crowd of students in the middle of the field. "Tira, explain."
Tira's anger dissipated, her face painted with a shining smile. "A small argument I had to break up. Elaina here just challenged Waine Ferris to a duel."
Elaina went to protest, "I—"
"Over what stakes?" Calivahn asked.
"Pride," Tira said, jumping in before anyone else could. It wasn't exactly a lie, and not exactly the truth either.
Calivahn eyed Waine, nodding to herself. "Aye, you were the loudmouth during the Awakening the other night, weren't you? I'd want to teach you a lesson as well. Do you accept the duel, Ferris? And stop making that face, you look like a child."
Waine looked around, face scrunched up and red as he waved his arms in frustration. "I— Yes, fine, I accept." He walked up to Elaina, staring down at her. "I'm the one challenged, so I choose the terms, right?"
"That's the custom, yes," Calivahn said.
"Swords then, with blades."
"Not a chance," Calivahn replied. "I'll turn my eye to this with training swords, but I'm not going to let a student get killed over dumb bravado."
"Fine, whatever, training swords. After class, dud. I'll enjoy thrashing you." Waine stormed off, grabbing the wrist of the short girl he'd walked over with and pulling her along. Prisma looked at Elaina for a moment, then ran off after him.
"Alright everyone," Calivahn said, waving off the crowd. "Back to training." She turned to Tira. "I didn't hear any of that, so just make sure no one gets hurt."
"Aye aye, Commander!" Tira said, saluting the teacher as she walked off.
"Tira!" Elaina said, running up to her. "What are you doing? I said I was fine!"
Tira's smile dropped, her face falling into anger again. "You didn't tell me there were pictures," she said in a hushed voice.
"I said it was fine." Elaina said, glancing to the ground.
"And that was a lie," Tira hissed. "You can't let him get away with this, or the entire school will walk over you the whole time you're here."
"And how is this better? He's going to humiliate me again, this time in front of the whole class, and then the pictures will go out anyway!"
Tira rubbed her temple, groaning. "I saw you practicing after I tested you. You're better than you let on."
"I can't do that on command! I can only do it when—"Only when I'm embarrassed.
"Don't use the chains then, use the rope. If it were actual blades you'd be in trouble with that, but with dulled swords a rope is just as good as a chain."
"Tira, do you even know what he can do? Hecontrolspeople."
"So?"
"What do you meanso?"
Tira blinked. "Elaina, do you not know about external aspects?"
"I... I mean, they target externally, right? Me, I know he can control me. He did it the other night."
"Are you fucking—" Tira took in a breath, slowly, then exhaled. "He used his aspect on you, before you were awakened?"
"Ya," Elaina said, side eyeing Tira. "Why?"
"Well one, that's just fucked up. And two, you don't know the weakness of external aspects. They can affect regular people just fine, but their powers areseverelydiminished when they're used on other Aspected."
That actually jogged Elaina's memory. Waine had said something like that, that if she had been Awakened she might have been able to fight back. "Are you saying I have a chance?"
Tira shook her head. "No, I'm saying you'refavored.The worst matchup for an external aspect is an internal one, but a worldly aspect still wins that matchup more often than not."
Elaina bit her lip, still struggling not to cry. "I still can't believe you signed me up for this without asking. If I lose, he's going to to sell off those pictures of of me."
"He was going to do thatanyway. Honestly, Calivahn couldn't have shown up at a better time. He didn't have time to realize how shit these terms are for him. This situation is only good for you, either the status quo stays the same, or you get him to delete the portraits."
"But I still can't win! I don't know how to use a sword at all!"
Tira placed her hands on Elaina's shoulders, gripping them. Elaina breathed a little easier, calmed just slightly. "Elaina, this isn't fencing class, it's Practical Aspect Application. You're not going to win this fight with a blade; you're going to win it with your aspect."
Elaina looked down at her hands, conjuring up a small piece of rope. "With this?"
"Stop wasting your mana," Tira said, placing her hand over Elaina's. "I know you can do more, I saw you."
When I was embarrassed, when [Humiliation Factor] was active."I don't think I can do it again."
Tira shrugged. "I really think you can, but even if you can't, you're still not any worse off than before. And I'll tell you what. If you do win, then when I come to grab my jacket from your room later, maybe we can see about actually doing what youthoughtI was asking to do the other night."
Elaina's eyes went as wide as the scared girl's from before, face glowing red as Tira burst into laughter. "But only if you want; we can talk about it later. Now come on, we have a little less than an hour for me to explain how this is going to go down."
***
Class ended with the ringing of the great bell, the first time Elaina had heard it ring other than to announce a mealtime or curfew. "Alright," Calivahn shouted. "Everyone is dismissed for the day." Despite the dismissal, none of the students went to leave. "Fine," the teacher said, throwing her hands up in exasperation as she walked off. "The least you all could do it pretend to follow rules, gods."
As Calivahn walked off the students gathered around the center of the field, leaving a circle in the middle. All were silent as Elaina made her way through, following Tira's lead to the makeshift arena. She carried one of the school's metal training swords in her hand, something that was to her nothing more than a heavy metal club, though not as heavy as she would have thought.
The two broke through into the center of the crowd, seeing Waine Ferris and crew: Prisma, Nyla, Daly, Ivis, and the mousey new girl who looked as scared as ever, standing behind him. He took his jacket off and handed it to Prisma before walking forward, training sword resting on his shoulder as he sauntered into the ring. Elaina did the same, giving her jacket to Tira and leaving herself standing in just her white uniform shirt and skirt. "Let's make this quick, dud. I have an appointment with a printer to get to."
"Not so fast," Tira said, holding up her hand. "I have to go over the rules." The officially unofficial rules, she'd explained to Elaina. Unsanctioned duels like these were common, and not quitetechnicallyallowed, but at the very least ignored as long as certain precautions were taken, a student watch referee's presence chief among them. "You'll both be using dulled training swords in this duel. As there were no specifications otherwise in the terms, use of your aspects is completely unrestricted. The duel ends when one side yields, or when a blow that I deem would be lethal or debilitating with a real blade is dealt. Waine Ferris, these are the terms you stated, correct?"
Waine rolled his eyes, "Yeah, they are."
"And Elaina Weaver, you accept these terms after challenging him, correct?"
Elaina nodded, voice quavering. "Yes, I do"
"Alright then. I'll leave you two to final reconciliation." Tira walked off, almost to the crowd of students surrounding the three of them.
Final reconciliation, one last chance for the parties to resolve a dispute before fighting. Originally meant to avoid unnecessary duels to the death amongst officers and other members of the gentry, Tira had explained the custom still stood even in nonlethal bouts. Elaina and Waine approached each other, close enough for a whisper.
"Walk away,Weaver," Waine said through his teeth. "We already had an agreement."
Elaina struggled to get out words, sword hand shaking. "I didn't agree to anything with you."
"If you go through with this, I'm going to kick your ass right here, in front of everyone. Then I'm going to take those pictures and give them to everyone in school, forfree.Every day after today, your life will be miserable. I'll make sure of it. And there's only going to be one way out of that."
Waine leaned in even closer, nearly spitting into her ear as he spoke. "We told you what would happen if you snitched. You're going to beg me to take those nude portraits of you, cause it's the only way I'll make the torment stop.Thoseare the ones I'm going to sell. They won't be cheap, but everyone's going to want to buy them anyway. After that, our debt will be settled. But if you walk away now, I sell what I already have, and that's that."
Elaina's could hear her own pulse pounding as Waine pulled away from her face, the volume of her heartbeat on par with the ringing of the great bell, each pump a blast in her chest that wouldn't let up. She locked gazes with him, and saw something in them she hadn't seen before. "You're scared," she said, realizing the truth of it only as she spoke the words. "If you weren't scared, you would just do that. You wouldn't have to threaten me with anything."
Waine growled, the rage dancing in his eyes as furious as the mists in the Awakening crystal had the night prior. But his fury was just that, nothing but anger. The mists in the crystal were Elaina's,herpower.
"I'm going to kill you," he said.
Elaina imagined Tira ruffling her hair, Tira's hand on her shoulder, the embrace from before. "You can try."
She turned away, walking back five paces and returning to face Waine. He stood in the same spot, huffing as he stared her down before making the same motions she had.
Tira spoke, "I ask the challenger, has reconciliation been successful?"
"No," Elaina said, raising her blade.
"Understood. As unfortunate as this is, we must proceed. You two may begin on my mark, the crack of this whip. And the rest of you," Tira said, turning to the crowd. "Crystal portraits away, or I'll slice them in half. Calivahn is turning a blind eye to this, but this is still unsanctioned, and I'm not letting you get pictures of me refereeing this." A couple of the students grumbled, but the crowd obliged.
Tira raised her hand, pausing for a moment as the two duelists readied their stances. Waine took what Elaina presumed was an actual dueling stance, turning his body to side and extending his sword outward toward her. She simply raised her sword, doing her best to cover as much of her body with the length as possible. "This is your funeral, Weaver."
The whip cracked once, and Waine raised his free hand, Elaina's muscles betraying her instantly.
Ch 1.13: Duel
Elaina's hand jerked back, bringing her sword only inches from her own neck before she realized what was happening. It had been a mistake to keep her own weapon so close, she realized, but she was able to wrestle control over her arm, forcing the training blade still with sheer willpower. Tira was right; before the Awakening there was nothing Elaina could do about Waine's aspect, but now she actually had a way to resist it.
Okay, wasn't expecting that, but if I know it's coming—Waine himself was baring down on her, charging forward while abandoning his stance. Elaina raised her own free hand, activating [Restraint] and manifesting a rope, wrapping it around his left leg and pulling back. Waine still reached striking distance of her before being stopped, making one overhead swing at Elaina.
Their swords clanged, Elaina having brought up her own blade just in time to backpedal while Waine struggled to move.Holy shit, I just did that.Elaina had barely even registered the swing before instinctively moving to block it. She knew that she stood no chance in a prolonged melee engagement, so she circled around Waine while keeping him in place with her conjured rope.
When she had essentially swapped starting positions with him, she had to release the rope. She'd burned through a dangerous amount of her mana, almost a third, with that stunt. A third gone in just a few seconds. Both making the ropeandpulling back on Waine was too much, every bit of resistance he put up costing her more and more to keep him in place by sheer force.
Waine was moving again, this time circling her while holding his defensive stance. There was still fear in his eyes, so he was actually taking this seriously. Only two days prior, even without his aspect, Waine would have been able to roll over Elaina ten times in a row, but now she could actually put up a fight. Elaina mirrored Waine's circle, fleshing out her plan. She needed her aspect to win, there was no question about that, but she needed to be smart about it. Her mana was refilling, slowly, but she knew from experience it would take at least ten minutes to get back to full capacity.
Waine had thought his plan over at least, and charged her again. Elaina lost control once more, not in her arm this time, but her legs. She willed to move them away, try and flee, but she couldn't fight this control like she fought the one from before. She wasn't frozen, but she couldn't do anything more than slide her feet across the sand.
Panicking, she conjured another rope, wrapping it around both Waine's legs, sending him toppling into the sand face first as he tried to circle around to her undefended back. She gained her movement back and immediately jumped away from her opponent.
"Damn bitch," Waine said, struggling to get up and regain his footing. Elaina realized her mistake instantly. She'dran.He'd been lying face down, she'd had full control of herself, but she still ran from him.Stupid, stupid!she thought as Waine stepped out of her makeshift restraint. She had plenty of experience with rope before, but that was in making it, not tying knots.
Still, Elaina had done one thing right. Creating the rope didn't use much of her mana at all, and tying it around Waine and leaving it there had cost her significantly less than when she had actively been pulling him back with it.Damnit, if I'd just had more time to learn this stuff...She let her rope dematerialize as Waine stepped forward.
There was at least time to think as they stared each other down. Elaina knew from stories that most real duels were over in all but an instant, the first blood being drawn in only seconds. Aspects changed everything though. Neither of them knew fully what the other was capable of, and one misstep would mean the end. Waine couldn't try the same rush tactic without being taken down again, and Elaina wouldn't miss the lethal blow a second time, but she had no way in of her own as long as he could lock her feet.
Something didn't quite make sense though. Elaina had been able to resist completely when he'd tried to force her to attack herself, but was barely able to move at all when he'd locked her legs. Figuring out why that was or not, she had to do something. She'd been on the backfoot the entire fight, and she needed to make something happen, so she went to move forward.
She went to move forward, but stayed in place. Waine took a step towards her, feinting a charge, and she backed away instinctively. She went to move forward again, but still stayed in place, tried to take a step back, and was able to.
It clicked. Just like she couldn't hold him back endlessly with her ropes with brute force, Waine had restrictions too. Certain things would burn through more of his mana than others, would be harder to pull off than others. Trying to get her to do specific things like attack herself would likely be the hardest to do, freezing a body part a little easier, and blocking her from doing one specific action like approaching him would be the easiest. The harder an element of control he tried to exert, the more she could resist, and the more it would cost him.
Elaina smiled, both because she was proud of herself for figuring it out, and for what that meant. He needed to save his mana, because he didn't have a bottomless well of it either. There were problems though, as she still had no way to approach him, meaning the pace of the fight was his to control. She backed away, wanting to make sure she would have as much time as possible to react when he next attacked.
Then she felt it, the slight release of her legs, barely perceptible. She could move freely again, and Waine's eyes lit up in terror.He's out!She charged, screaming as she conjured another rope, this time tying Waine's sword hand to his opposite leg. He'd be unable to move either limb, completely helpless as she made her strike, only able to watch as she won.
Waine smirked.
Running at full speed, Elaina lost control again. Only of one foot this time, only for a moment, but as she sprinted with one leg and fixed the other in place, she was now the one flying through the air.It was a bluff.She collided into the sand, tumbling head over heel and landing on her back, sword dropped somewhere behind her.
She was frozen again too. Not completely, but Waine was preventing her from getting up. "You're such an idiot," he said, going to untie the knot she'd made around his wrist with his free hand.
Elaina's legs were near useless with the amount of control Waine was impressing on her, but she could slowly move back, push herself to some degree of safety with her arms. As she did, she willed the rope to stay tied, fighting Waine's attempt to free himself, actively burning mana, mana she couldn't afford to lose. She needed to be more efficient, but there was no way to do that and keep Waine off of her. But for some reason, this didn't seem as inefficient as it should.
[Humiliation Factor]. She was embarrassed now of course, having just charged and face planted into the field before rolling onto her ass, probably flashing her panties to the crowd as well. The skill was active now, boosting her efficiency, and if the System could be believed her capabilities as a whole as well.Too little, too late. Waine was still struggling to untie himself, Elaina consciously keeping the rope in place. At least he would look a little silly right before he won. She'd probably look more ridiculous as she lost, face burning after her ridiculous display.
So much for having a class. She could hardly believe she'd been excited at one point about it. Only now that she'd already lost, less than half her mana remaining and pinned to the ground, would she finally get a benefit.
Elaina looked to Tira, the watch captain stoic as she watched them both. To the crowd, enraptured in the duel, not knowing how dire her circumstances were. To Prisma. Their eyes locked, but Elaina couldn't read her face. She was pensive, just another onlooker in the crowd of people with no stake in the fight. Still, more than anything Elaina didn't want to lose in front of her, losetoher and her team.
And the fight wasn't over yet. With [Restraint] enhanced by [Humiliation Factor], she was more aware of her surroundings. Not aware of everything, just what was relevant to her class, but she was a manifesteranda manipulator, capable of both producing and controlling. She knew what she needed to win, to embrace who she was, what the fate the stars had read for her was. Could she do it? She had to.
She used her aspect to reach out to the clasp of her skirt, therestraintholding her skirt together, and undid it. It would look like an accident, she hoped, since she wasn't touching it physically. The skirt fell off in the sand as she pushed herself away, exposing dark green panties with just a trim of lace on top. They weren't sheer in the back like her black pair, but they rose up and exposed the bottom of her ass cheeks as she tried to slither away.I hope this is worth it.Sure, Waine would see her in her underwear again.Everyonewould see her in her underwear, but that was a risk she had to take. Tira had manufactured a no risk situation for her, but if she was going to win, she had to sacrifice something.
Waine finally got out of the rope as Elaina had dropped focus on it while undoing her skirt, bellowing out laughter as he did. "More uniform trouble? Are you that eager to put on another show for everyone?" The crowd laughed back as he approached, Elaina still squirming away in her underwear as her face glowed red. He threw his arms up, taking his time to approach as she scrambled back and fruitlessly looked for her sword. "You know, maybe I take my time and strip you naked right here, how's that sound?"
It soundedmortifying, and she was already partially there. The entire class seeing her like this, those in front getting a view of her spread legs as she crawled away, her praying that they couldn't see the growing dampness in her crotch as she did, it would all have to be enough. [Humiliation Factor] wasn't fully active— it would apparently take even more embarrassment for that— but Elaina was far more capable now than before. She called on [Restraint] again, attempting more than she ever had with it before.
A shackle, chains, a weighted ball of iron buried underneath the stand. They came into being instantly, the shackle snapping around Waine's leg, the chain connecting it to the weight. His approach was halted once more, only steps away from Elaina. "The fuck is this?" he said, looking at his leg. "How do you have this much mana left?"
The two locked eyes again, Waine frozen in place and Elaina sprawled on the ground, each unable to move. Waine thrashed, trying to pull at the chain keeping him in place, trying to burn more of Elaina's mana, but it was futile. She was spending mana to keep her manifestations, but it was the weight of the iron ball buried in the sand holding him back, not constant effort. Likewise, Elaina realized she could move back still, but standing or approaching was out of the question.
The crowd had stopped laughing now, their attention shifting as the outcome of the duel was no longer as clear as they'd though. Waine turned to Tira, grimacing. "It's a draw, Strask. We're both immobilized."
Tira shook her head. "Till one of you yields or I call a lethal blow."
Waine slashed the air in Tira's direction. "What, you want me to throw my sword?" He looked down at his blade as if he was considering it, but Elaina's reaction was faster. She extended the chain, clapping another shackle onto the cross guard and locking it to his ankle.
"Fuck's sake, it's a draw!" he shouted, thrashing as he tried to pull away.
Tira shook her head again. "One of you will run out of mana eventually."
Tira was right, and Elaina was increasingly afraid it would be her. She'd burned a ton getting the ball and chain setup going, and even more now that she had to extend that manifestation to stop the sword throw. There was only a sliver left, and maintaining something of such mass was draining it, quickly. She had ten seconds max, and Waine was spending only the bare minimum to keep her away from him. No, she couldn't risk the war of attrition; even if Waine miraculously ran out first, she'd need to grab her sword and strike him before he got free. There was only one hope, a falling star's chance at victory.
She let go of the iron ball first, the heaviest drain on her reserves, leaving only the chains and shackles. Waine, still trying to get free, managed to pull out of the ground, struggling to regain his balance with his confusion at his sudden freedom. Elaina took a deep breath, activating [Personal Restraint]. She'd lose what little remaining movement she still had, but the strength of her [Restraint] doubled in return. Letting the shackle on Waine's leg disappear, the only thing she left was the chain attached to his sword hilt. Elaina focused on that chain, spending every last ounce of remaining mana to pull on it.
As soon as the attempt was made, everything she'd conjured disappeared, her mana depleted.
But the force of the chain being yanked carried on, Waine staring down at his own sword hand as it whipped back at him, the lingering energy of Elaina's last effort to win. There was no fighting back Waine could do with his aspect, no amount of willpower that could stop the blade as it crashed into his neck and sent him reeling to the ground.
Ch 1.14: Results
As Waine fell to ground clutching his windpipe, his sword careened off towards the crowd, momentum still carrying it from Elaina's final gambit. Her stomach dropped for a moment as she imagined the heavy metal object crashing into someone's skull, but it instead gently arced over to Tira, who caught the grip with her free hand. "Elaina has dealt a would-be lethal blow. I declare her the victor."
The crowd of students broke their silence, cheering as Elaina pushed herself up into a sitting situation. "Fuck you, Ferris!" she heard from one, "Yeah, get him, Panties!" she heard from another."Panties?
"Shit!" she said, covering herself with her hands and closing her legs. The duel was won, but it still wasn't a flawless victory. She looked over to where she'd dropped her skirt, but saw a figure running to her with the discarded garment in hand.
For a brief moment she saw the girl's uniform and thought it was Prisma. But no, Prisma was over by Waine, who was writhing on the ground clutching his throat. The new girl that Waine had declared part of of his crew was the one running to Elaina with her skirt. "Here," she said, draping the fabric over Elaina's legs. It was the first time Elaina had been up close with her, but the girl refused to meet Elaina's gaze, instead staring off to side with an apple red face.
"Thanks," Elaina said, wrapping the skirt around her as best she could, though there was no way to put it on without standing. The girl looked familiar, in very faint way, but Elaina couldn't remember from where. She really was cute, a mess of black hair framing her round face, a longer skirt than most girls at the school being both endearing and intriguing, only making what was underneath that much more enticing. But what really drew Elaina's eyes was the girl's chest, struggling to be contained by her shirt and completely filling out the uniform jacket in a way even Elaina herself couldn't match.
"I— I really should go help Waine; he might be seriously hurt." The girl bit her lip before turning around and running off, waving. "Sorry, I'll— I'll see you later!"
"No pictures, you shits!" Elaina heard Tira shouting as she walked up behind her. "Here," Tira said as she opened up Elaina's jacket and used it to cover her backside. "Stand up and cover yourself."
Elaina did so, managing a decent enough job of keeping what modesty she had left intact. "The portraits," she said as she finished, looking back at Tira.
Tira put Elaina's jacket on for her, nodding. "Ya, we deal with that now. Alright everyone, duel's over, class actually dismissed!"
The crowd started to trickle away as Tira strode forward, Elaina following behind. "Can't breathe," she heard Waine croaking out. He was still laying on the ground, his group surrounding him, the original group at least, the new girl already gone. "Can't breathe!"
"You're fine, Waine." Prisma said, arms crossed. "Carline said so. Get on your feet."
"The Forsythe girl?" Waine coughed out as he stood up, legs wobbling. "Where is she?"
"Ran off," Ivis said, pointing back to the castle. "Said she needed to shower or something."
Nyla laughed. "Probably can't stand outside for two hours without soaking through her uniform in sweat."
"Ya," Daly said. "Not even sure why you grabbed her for the team."
"It's because-"
"Enough," Tira said, stopping behind the group. "You lost, Ferris."
Waine glanced back, eyes narrowing. "Fuck you. The duel should have been called a tie and you know it. You're just a biased referee."
Tira closed her eyes, taking in a deep breath. She pulled her coiled whip of of her waist, letting the length of it unwind and fall to the ground, her voice quavering with suppressed rage. "You. Lost. You were right to refuse to duel me outright, but this was a fair fight. Pay up, or I'll let you experience first-hand what you already know I'm capable of."
Waine stared up at her, eyes shaking. "Fine, I'll delete the portraits of her from my crystal."
"No," Tira said. "Your cronies too. We agreed all of them."
Waine gritted his teeth and clenched his fists, taking a step forward and flaring his nostrils. Tira cocked her head. "Fine," Waine said. "You four, delete the pictures."
"But—" Ivis went to protest.
"I said delete them," Waine said, pulling his device out of his jacket. Elaina stood by while Ivis, Daly, and Nyla took there's out as well, observing them tap and swipe across the crystal displays. One by one the portraits of Elaina appeared and disappeared from the screens, until Tira took each one for a final inspection.
"What about you," Tira asked Prisma as she hand back Nyla's portrait crystal. "And what about that other girl you mentioned?"
Prisma turned from the forest to Tira. "Carline wasn't there, so she never had any pictures. I had some, but I deleted them already." She took her crystal out and handed it over to Tira for inspection.
Tira went through the device, swiping for far longer, going through a swath of landscape pictures and images of Prisma and what Elaina presumed was an older sister. "If you're lying about this, I'll have your head, Fireguard. Why would you have already deleted them?"
Prisma pursed her lips and snatched the crystal back. "I'm not lying!" She tucked it back into her jacket, turning back to the forest. "I just... I just deleted them, okay?"
"I believe her," Elaina said. Prisma jerked her head, locking eyes with Elaina for just a moment before looking down.
"Fine," Tira said, walking back towards the school. "This is officially over. If any of those portraits ever make it out, you're all going to regret it."
Elaina stood for a second to watch Prisma's blank stare at the ground, then for another to lock eyes with Waine. Waine stared her down for a moment before turning away and walking off himself, the others following him. They all made eye contact with Elaina as they walked by, save one. "Prisma!" Elaina called out. The girl continued walking, gaze straight ahead.
"Come on, Elaina," Tira said. Elaina obeyed, running to catch up. "You did good, really good at the end. I was worried at the start though."
"Yeah," Elaina replied, catching her breath. "I kinda used too much mana in the beginning."
"Your pool must be massive though. For someone with no training, you did quite a lot."
Elaina blushed at the praise. "I guess it is large. I wouldn't really know."Though it probably has more to do with my class than natural ability.
"I'm gonna put you in the Advanced Manipulation course after all, with the Fireguard girl and me."
"Wait, you're in that course too?"
"Yup. These practical courses are about personal improvement more than anything, and the advanced ones have so few students that its not worth separating the years. I honestly didn't think you were cut out for it, but the force you exerted at the end... You're unrefined, but you have the potential and need the dedicated training. You're also lucky I was there to catch that, or you might have hurt someone that actually mattered." She smiled back at Elaina. "We'll need to work on that performance anxiety for sure though. I can't have my playmate getting nervous when it really counts, now can I?"
Elaina's heart skipped, and her mouth gaped as Tira laughed and turned back facing ahead. "Playtime has to be later though; I've gotta meet Calivahn. You're free the rest of the day, right?"
"Ya, only today though. My schedule's pretty full the rest of the week too."
"Yeah, you'll get a modified one once I put in your course assignment. You'll have aspect training today of course, and then another round of it on Third Day and Fourth Day. First Day will still be your day with the most free time, but it's not going to be easy, I promise."
"Right," Elaina said. She needed it to not be easy. As happy as she was that the portraits weren't going to be sold, that she'd actually beaten Waine Ferris in single combat, she knew she had a lot to learn. An external aspect was apparently a favored opponent for her, but against someone like Prisma, or even the boy that could conjure up three dogs there was no way she'd last even a moment with her current ability. "I need to go shower myself, then do lunch probably. Do you, uhm, want to eat together?"
Tira scrunched her face. "I would, but I'm doing a working lunch with the crone. Watch duty during dinner later too." She smiled. "I'll keep Third Day free for you though, and we can make plans then? Unless you're busy."
"Oh," Elaina said. She thought she'd messed up for a moment, overstepped, but it didn't seem that was the case. "Yeah, we can do Third Day. I'm, uh, not busy then." She wasn't busy any day, really.
"Great!' Tira said, spinning and ruffling Elaina's hair. "You get cleaned up and enjoy lunch." She leaned over, whispering in Elaina's ear. "On Third Day, wear something nice under your uniform, but try and let me be the only one to see this time, kay?"
Tira pulled back, winking at Elaina. "Later," she said, stepping onto the cobblestone immediately surrounding the castle, boot heels clacking as she walked, a single finger running over a whip tied to a waist that swayed back and forth with each step.
Elaina realized she'd stopped walking and shook her head, rushing back into the academy proper. She made it back to her dorm room, locked her door, and examined her uniform. The jacket was fine of course, having been held by Tira during the duel, but her skirt and shirt were covered in sand. She sighed as she opened the dresser, looking at the scraps of the skirt she couldn't change into. Winning the duel had been great for maintaining some of her dignity, but it wasn't like everything was magically fixed. At least she still had a couple extra shirts, since the school expected her to change them every day anyway.
She stripped naked, placing her shirt and underwear next to the dresser while she laid her jacket and skirt on top of it. She wanted to beat the sand off the skirt, but the only way to do that would be to do it on the floor in her room or out on the grounds in her underwear.That could be fun though...No, bad idea. She needed to get to the showers.
Elaina looked over at her bed, thinking about actually cleaning her uniform in just underwear, about the number of people who'd already seen her in them. Her sheets looked so inviting too, and there was time, right? She had plans for the day, to go back to the orb she'd met, but that would have to be after lunch anyway, and lunch itself was over an hour away.
She gave in, diving onto the mattress and crawling under the covers. They'd get a little dirty, but she'd noticed her room was cleaned each day between lunch and dinner anyway. Automatons? Probably, but she didn't care to think of that right now.
Elaina got to work and plunged straight into her own pussy, having neither the time nor the patience to build up slowly. There was enough foreplay earlier when she'd been frozen in place in front of her entire year, spread legged after having taken off her own skirt in front of them. There's no way they'd know, right? That she did it on purpose, that she liked it? She wished they did. The sheets were thrown askew in seconds as she writhed in their luxuriousness. She needed to bare herself anyway, imagine someone was watching her, could see her. Tira? Prisma? It didn't matter who; Elaina needed someone to see her like this,anyone.
The lock to her room clicked, and the door swung open.
Ch 1.15: Caught
Elaina had two fingers inside of herself, one tit barely covered by sheets while she massaged the other with her hand as the door opened. In the doorway was the girl Elaina had met earlier, the girl Waine was recruiting to his team, Carline Forsythe they'd call her. It took both of them a second to realize what happened, Elaina continuing to pump inside herself and Carline taking a step into the room before they both froze. There was no way to tell whose face burned brighter in that instant, Elaina naked and in the most compromising position anyone had ever seen her in, Carline dressed in full uniform and standing there with wet hair and a towel in her hand.
Carline held Elaina's gaze for a second, looked her body up and down, placed the towel next to the room's second dresser, and left. Elaina's brain started working right about the moment the door lock clicked again. "What the fuck?" she said out loud, vigorously rubbing herself again, mind racing.Roommate, her? Me, naked. She saw. She looked. She definitely looked, and she saweverything.
And it was at least the second time.Gods, she has to think I'm the biggest pervert in the world.She'd walked in on Elaina on orientation night, but at least that time Elaina was completely under covers, she hoped. She could barely remember that night, the haze of ecstasy, the waves of bliss that she was now returning too. Was there anything more mortifying than this? Elaina imagined Carline looking across her body over and over. She'd looked slowly, not hiding her gaze at all as she took in Elaina's body.Did she think it was disgusting, or did she maybe even like it?
It was too much. The high from winning the duel, the looks on everyone's face as they saw her crawl out of her skirt, and now this, the girl that Elaina would be living with walking in on her playing with herself, the fact that Elaina hadn't even stopped until a few seconds after she was caught. She screamed out, no way to filter the noises coming out of her as she came, writhing on the bed, eyes closed and mouth open as she collapsed into the sheets.
Elaina had noticed something about herself as she'd indulged like this in the past, that it was always a good way to clear her head. Everything made more sense after taking care of these sort of distracting problems. Relief fading away, the problems became apparent. Carline really did have to think Elaina was the biggest pervert in the world, and she probably did think it was disgusting.
Elaina covered her face with her dry hand, feeling like she'd burn the skin off of it with the heat radiating from her face. They'd never even spoken before today, andthiswas how Carline was going to remember their first meeting. Not to mention, she was Waine's friend, sort of? The girl was obviously shy to some extent, but she did seem like she wasn't fully on board with the idea of joining Waine's group. Way too much to unpack right now. Elaina was filthy in more ways than one, so she grabbed a towel, wrapped it around herself, and walked to the showers.
The shower room itself always surprised her, a far cry from the wooden tub in the backyard she'd been used to bathing in all her life, that or the river she'd sometimes visit if she wanted running water. The floor and walls were both tiled, the floor plain white and the walls a checkered pattern of white and blue like the castle walls and the castle roof. Running water wasn't an issue here, and to Elaina's surprise on her first visit, the water had beenheatedas well.
Elaina went into one of the stalls and closed the door, hanging her towel on the other side. Most of the other girls she'd seen enter wore only a towel in and out like she was doing, though her roommate had apparently changed before coming out.Maybe she's really shy?That only made it worse. Elaina wanted nothing more than to continue her session from earlier, but she knew she needed to eat on time as well. She lavished in the warmth of the water for just a bit, another luxury she still wasn't used to yet, then left the showers to go and eat, ultimately unsatisfied.
The bell rang as she was walking to the dining hall, so she was one of the first ones there. As she walked by, people she recognized from her year stared and whispered still. There weren't snickers and giggles as they did anymore, but a reverence that had previously been absent. It was freeing, knowing she'd beaten Waine, taken back what was hers. Still, she thought of earlier. Everyone has still seen her skirtless, in person, not just in a portrait. There was a difference though, one that she didn't know why it mattered. That was her choice, embarrassing but willing.And then there's Carline.Another topic she wasn't ready to face. They'd avoided each other by accident in their shared room for so long, so she probably had at least a couple days to figure out how to deal with that.
She scarfed down her food, a magnificent plate of seared vegetable and some roast chicken before heading off outside again. She was walking through the middle of the two gardens flanking the school entrance for the first time since streaking it a couple nights prior, really seeing it in the daylight for the first time as well. She'd walked the same path on her first day, but it had been crowded with students, the blue and yellow spring flowers sitting atop hedges and sprouting from vines wrapped around white fences had been obscured then, and she'd been too anxious to notice besides.
There was a serene quality as a whole at Endrin, one she hadn't expected from a school famous for its rigor. There was the castle town a ways off, over the rolling hills she'd rode through on the carriage ride, but she'd expected more bustle around the school. Instead, she was treated to nice gardens, green fields, and the forest that she was rapidly approaching.
She stopped once she hit the wall of trees. Some part of the forest was technically part of the school grounds, but she didn't know where that line was, and technically she wasn't supposed to leave grounds on school days. There was also the lingering memory of the last time she'd entered.
No time for that though; Elaina needed answers. She took a deep breath and breached the forest perimeter, doing her best to trace her path from the night of her Awakening. She'd not grown up near forests, so her sense of place wasn't the best, but she still felt drawn in one particular direction, almost the same way holding her key would draw her back to her dorm room.
Eventually, she broke into the clearing, the same one where she'd first experienced Waine's Control aspect. There was a small pond of clear water on the far side of it she hadn't noticed before, surrounded by flowers not too dissimilar to the ones in the castle gardens. That was pretty enough, but Elaina had a mission.
She was worried she might not find the hole she'd fallen in easily, but that same sense that drew her to the clearing pulled her to it as well.Gods, it really is steep.She tried to step onto the edge of the opening and find a foothold to climb down before feeling it start to cave in beneath her feet and backing up. "Okay, seems like there's only one way to do this." Elaina jumped, bracing herself for impact, but she instead slid into the incline of the cave, miraculously keeping her balance as she plunged into darkness that only lasted an instant, as the orb in the center glowed blue as soon as Elaina slid to a halt. "Greetings, Elaina Weaver."
"Ah, hello." Elaina said.
"There is much to discuss, but I have some disturbing news that may be relevant to you personally first. There are currently four crystal devices with—" The System paused. "Correction, therewerefour crystal devices with compromising images of your person within a close radius of us, but the images in question seem to have been deleted."
Elaina blinked. "How do you know that?"
"As the System, I have access to all nearby crystal devices and any information contained within them."
Elaina was still learning about the crystal technology the elites of the world used, but she knew that couldn't be normal. "Wait, you said four?"
"Correct. The night we first met it was five, but on one of the devices the images were deleted the next day."
Prisma. Elaina had believed her when she said she'd already gotten rid of the portraits of her, but confirmation was nice. At least there was some modicum of trust that could be extended towards the girl.
"Additionally, I would like to apologize for not realizing you may have been in distress. I thought your attire during our first meeting was due to you being a pervert, not an assault on your person."
"What?"
"I said you are a pervert."
Elaina squinted at the crystal. It was increasingly hard to believe this was a real magical artifact, and not just some wild long-term hallucination. "Listen, we have lots to discuss today, but I need to set some ground rules first."
"Understood. As the Administrator, you have some control over the course of our interactions."
Huh.That was easier than expected. "Okay, rule one, don't call me a pervert."
"Request denied. I can only speak the truth."
"You-" Elaina was cut off by... A laugh? The crystal laughed?
"Request reconsidered. I will only call you a pervert when it is absolutely necessary, such as when a direct request for information is made to me."
"Okay, but no one's going to ask you that! I'm the only one who even knows about you!"
"Yes, I have noticed that. In my routine scan of all information files, there is a disturbingly low amount of mentions of the System, despite all these files being connected to the System itself. There is also a noticeable lack of System data points in general, with the most disturbing thing of all being that my main terminal is no longer connected to the rest of the System. I would request this be remedied, but due to the lack of information, I cannot begin to advise how to go about doing so. Pray tell, can you please summarize the last nine centuries' geopolitical movements and the current state of international affairs? That may assist me in creating a planned course of action."
"Uh, no, I can't... I have History class tomorrow though?"
"Hmm, perhaps that will be of some help, but one lesson is not likely to make either you or I an expert. Do you know why I am unable to access the information I need through the crystal network?"
Elaina had to think. Crystal technology was something she'd heard of before coming to Endrin, but it certainly wasn't commonplace. The elite class had some access, but other than the crystal portraits even that seemed limited. "I don't really know why you think there should be so much of it, but crystals aren't as common as you seem to think. Most records and stuff are kept in paper books and parchment."
"Hmm, disturbing. The issue of lost knowledge must wait though. There are a number of other urgent matters that you must handle as System Administrator."
"I still don't know what means! You haven't explained-"
"One such matter is that another of my secondary terminals has been compromised. I have assessed the difficulty of this problem and designated it as a rank one mission. As a level one Masochist Mage, you are personally qualified for this mission, but it requires a minimum party size of two."
Elaina's head hurt. She buried her face into her hands and began rubbing her eyes. "You have to slow down. I don't understand any of this."
"Understood. I will operate under the assumption that you want me to take the time and explain the meanings of the terms I'm using, and not that you literally wish for me to speak at a slower pace."
"Yes, that'd be great, thanks."
"I am in danger. You are of sufficient strength to help, but you would need at least one other User to accompany you for me to officially assign you the task. Is there someone from the academy that you trust and that may be worthy of being classified as a System User?"
Someone she could trust? There was— Well, there was at least Tira, right? "There is, I guess. Just one person."
"Wonderful. Is it the person that followed you here, by chance?"
The person that followed her here. "I'm sorry?"
Elaina heard rocks crumbling behind her, followed by a high-pitched scream as Carline Forsythe, her newly discovered roommate, slid down into the cave, rolling along the floor at the bottom.
Ch 1.16: Voyeur
"I— I can explain," Carline said, pushing herself to her feet.
"Wait," Elaina said, backing away to the far side of the cave. "What are you doing here? Are you even my roommate, or are you just following me everywhere?"
"I am your roommate! And— I, I'm not following you everywhere..."
"I can confirm that she is indeed your roommate, though I take it she is not the trusted individual that you had in mind for you party," the System said.
"How would you even know that?" Elaina asked.
"Know what?" Carline said, moving forward with her arms out. "Stars, I dropped my glasses. I might've broken them."
"She cannot hear me," the System said. "Only registered Users can hear me."
"Can I turn your crystal lamp up?" Carline asked, reaching out to glowing orb at the center of the cave.
"No!" Elaina said, "Wait-"
The blue crystal light flashed from dim to overwhelming, near as bright as the sky in the moment Carline touched the crystal, touched the System. "System User confirmed as Star Blessed. Status: Aspected, classless. Age: twenty years, four months, zero weeks, two days. Party compatibility for System Administrator Elaina Weaver: Ninety nine percent. Initiating protocol: Class Assignment."
"Oh fuck," Elaina said, slumping against the wall.
"User Analysis: Complete. Class Assignment: Complete."
Carline Forsythe
System Hierarchy: [User]
Class: Voyeur Vitalist
Level: 1
Aspects:
[Health] - {External Targeting}
User Skills:
[Unseen Watcher] - Rank 1 - Passive: User receives a power bonus of up to {x1.5} to all {External Targeting} aspects when used on a target who cannot see the User.
[Viewer Rating] - Rank 1 - Passive: User receives a power bonus of up to {x1.5} to all {External Targeting} aspects relative to the User's current sexual attraction to the target.
[Peeping Carly] - Rank 1 - Active - Expend mana to receive a {minor} ability to see through objects.
The wash of information was instant, just like before, and for some reason it went to Elaina's mind this time too. It was apparent from Carline's expression though that she wasn't being denied the information relevant to her own class. She turned to Elaina, first locking eyes and then moving her gaze downward.
Elaina covered her chest with her arms. "Hey, don't use that skill on me!"
"I wouldn't!" Carline said, waving her hands. "I— I may have thought about it, but I didn't!"
"She is telling the truth," the System said. "There is a visual queue when she activates that particular skill."
"Wait, why is the crystal talking?"
"Also, she can hear me now."
"Yeah, I got that," Elaina said, standing up.
"Elaina..." Carline said, backing towards her and away from the System. "Is that what I think it is?"
"If you think I am a crystal device acting as a secondary terminal of the System, then yes, I am."
"And it just gave me a class?"
"Yeah," Elaina said. "It did. And what's with that, System? She's already had her Awakening."
"Having had an Awakening or not has no bearing on your potential to be a System User, though one who is already Aspected must be paired with an appropriate party leader and must be presented by a system Administrator, both of which requirements were met."
"I didn't even say to give her a class though! I don't even know who she is, just that she's following me around like some sort of stalker."
"I'm not a stalker!" Carline, looking legitimately offended. "I— I wanted to talk to you about earlier today, so I tried going up to talk to you at lunch, but you were leaving, and I went to follow and talk to you..." Carline frowned, bringing her hands together and running her fingers in circles around each other. "I'm not really that good at talking to people, so I couldn't find the right time to speak up. One thing led to another, and I just sort of ended up all the way out here without saying anything. I lost you again, tried to find you, and then fell down here."
Carline was standing there, unable to look Elaina in the eye and on the verge of tears. Elaina had always felt she had a good idea when people were being genuine. It's why she believed Prisma about the pictures being deleted, even still believed that Prisma meant it when she'd said "sorry" the day they dragged her out to this same spot. Truth be told, she'd never felt good about Waine either, but was blinded by Prisma's generosity and naive optimism. That wasn't the case here though. Carline really felt bad, really didn't know what to say here, and Elaina could relate.
She sighed, shaking her head. "Sorry, Carline. I didn't mean to hurt you."
Carline nodded, tears finally trickling down her face. "Okay... I'm sorry about earlier today too, I really didn't know you were in there— I mean I knew you were my roommate cause I saw you the first night here too, but, Stars—" She buried her face in her hands and turned around. "Why did I get this class? I'm not a voyeur, I just sometimes..."
"Don't feel bad about the class," Elaina said, pointing to the System. "It's just a pervert."
"Incorrect," the crystal responded. "Your potential classes are assigned from the moment you are born and granted by the stars. Your fates are your own; I am merely a record keeper."
"You keep saying that," Elaina said, walking forward and poking at the crystal, "But I still don't even know what you are. There's no proof you're doing anything according to the stars' will."
"Do not touch me!"
Elaina poked the System some more, "I'm the Administrator, right? Don't I get to do what I want?"
The crystal light went out, plunging the cave into darkness.
"No, wait!" Elaina said, stepping back and grabbing her head. "Damnit, System, I didn't mean that, I'm sorry!"
The crystal remained dark.
"Fuck," Elaina said, falling back to the ground. She could still hear Carline quietly sniffling. "I'm sorry, to both of you. I'm just so... I don't even know what's going on here. This isn't what I thought the academy would be like."
"It's okay," Carline said. In the faint light coming from above, Elaina saw the girl wipe her nose. "I know you're not a bad person."
"How?"
"Well... I have been watching you, a little."
Elaina flushed, happy Carline couldn't really see her face. "What does that mean?"
"Well... I've been meaning to tell you, but we never really met. Our first night here, I saw you— You weren't really paying attention, and I didn't see anything! Not that time anyway, but I could tell what you were doing. I just went to bed cause I didn't want to scare you." Didn't see anythingthattime. There wasn't really a question about earlier today though. "And I saw what happened to you the next night, out here in the clearing above. What Waine and Prisma did..."
Elaina's heart dropped. "Why were you here?"
"I wasn't following you that time, I promise," Carline said, holding up her hands, barely visible in the dimness. "I got separated from my friends in the test of courage, got a little lost because someone I knew chased me off... I heard screaming and thought it was just, you know, normal test of courage stuff, so I followed it trying to find students to group up. But it wasn't."
Elaina did her best to push the memory back. "It was me, screaming."
Carline nodded. "I'm sorry. I should have done something, I know I should have. But it was Waine, and Prisma. The others too, I guess, but those two alone..."
"I get it." Elaina had barely managed to beat Waine alone. Waine and Prisma together? She doubted any first year could fight them both, not even to mention the other three that would've been backing them up. "I would have hid as well."
"I tried to catch up to you when the bell rung, but it was like you just disappeared."
"Yeah, cause I fell in this hole. That's the night I first met the System, the night Iactuallyawakened."
"I grabbed your clothes though, what was left of them. I knew you were a commoner from what people were saying, so I knew replacing the uniform would be hard."
"That was you too?"Wait, if she watched them strip me, then lost track of me when I fell in the hole, then in between—"Carline, did you... Did you watch me, after they left, before I ran?"
Silence.
"Carline?"
"I'm so sorry. I'm disgusting." She was shaking her head and balling her fists. "I didn't want to watch— I mean I did want to watch but I knew I shouldn't, you were just, just—"
Elaina heart was racing, lungs heaving, and pussy begging to be touched. "I was just what?"
"You were just so— so... I didn't watch for long, cause I knew it wasn't right. I was just really confused, and I didn't know why you were doing it in the first place, but I didn't want to stop you either, but I wanted to talk to you and help you get back afterwards."
"I don't really know why I was doing it either..."
"And then today, I didn't mean to look at you like that, I promise! I just, my eyes— When I see someone like you, they have a mind of their own."
"What do you mean 'someone like me?'"A pervert, a slut?
"When someone's just, so— sopretty."
Someone pretty? "Oh."
"I'm so sorry, and I willneverdo it again. Can you ever forgive me?"
Elaina considered. She was embarrassed, mortified even. But Carline was shaken up too. What she did was wrong, Elaina knew that, but Carline knew it too. There was more though. It wasn't like Carline sought out the situations, they were just situations Elaina kept finding herself in, and that Carline happened to stumble on. Elaina knew that her own urges were wrong too, unnatural. Even now, it took all her willpower to keep her hands out of her skirt. She shouldn'twantto be embarrassed, humiliated, but she did want it. She wanted to be watched, and Carline wanted to watch. Was it really Elaina's place to judge?
"Well, I forgive you, but about never—"
The crystal lit up again, "I'm glad you two have made up."
Elaina scowled. "I didn't know you could still hear us, and I wasn't even finished!"
"Oh, you're still going to act like that?" The light began to dim.
"No, wait!" Elaina got up and ran towards the crystal, the light halting at a bare glow. "I'm sorry to you too. I shouldn't have yelled at you either, or poked you. Everything's just so fucked right now, and I'm still not even sure what's going on, why I'm here, why she's here, whyyou'rehere."
The crystal lit up again. "Apology accepted. And I am sorry if your discovering me has caused undue distress. I am lacking much information on the current state of the world, but I can imagine the situation is quite unusual for you on top of your studies at the academy."
"Wait," Carline said as she walked over to the orb as well. "How does it know about the school?"
Elaina shrugged. "It's from the Night Wars era, and the school was around then. Hey, didn't you say the school had some weird name? Friendship Academy?"
"Correct, the Equal Nations Friendship Academy. That is still the name of the institution, is it not? And what are these Night Wars? I have no record of them."
"It's called the Endrin National Fortress Academy. And the Night Wars were, well..." Elaina turned to Carline. She knew of the Night Wars, in that they existed and had their final battle defending the academy, but she was very scarce on the specifics.
"I mean, I don't know too much about them myself, just that it was when King Endrin held back the International Aggression Forces, nine hundred and fifteen years ago."
"Nine hundred and fifteen years? AndKingEndrin? My gap in knowledge goes back slightly further than that. I will have much to consider while you two attempt your mission."
"I still don't think that we can..." Elaina turned to Carline, frowning. "I don't think we can team up. You're with Waine, right?"
Carline's eyes widened, "No! I mean, he asked, but I didn't say yes. And I guess I didn't say no either yet, but I tried! He just never lets me talk. And then I wanted to say it after the duel, but his windpipe was just a little crushed so it was a bad time to talk really, and I really needed to go, uhm." She blushed, looking away. "I needed to go take care of some things."
"I crushed his windpipe?"
"Oh, yes, but just a little! I patched it up."
Right, Carline's aspect was Health, or [Health] now. There was a difference, Elaina was sure. She didn't know what the difference was, or why she knew about it, but it was there. And if Carline had a different aspect, Waine might have actually been seriously injured.Eh, hard to care."You're not friends with him though?"
"Well, I mean, our parents are friends, so I know him. I've talked with him before, or rather he's talked to me. It's been that way for, stars, ten, eleven years now? I think I met him on his ninth birthday."Gods, it takes a bit to get her talking, but once she starts."He was always mean to me, made fun of me for being short, for..." She covered her torso with her arms. "For my weight."
"What?" Waine made fun of her, Carline. Sure, there was more to her, especially in the chest, but Elaina was nothing but envious. "Carline, he's an idiot. You're gorgeous."
"Hmm," the System hummed as Carline blushed, still covering herself. "You two live together, correct? To answer a prior question, I know so because your crystal powered keys are attuned the same. Certainly these conversations can carry on later, especially since you were so concerned about privacy earlier."
Elaina let out a nervous laugh. "Uhm, right."
"Anyway," the crystal continued, "A fragment of my being stored in another discrete location is in danger. There are multiple such fragments in some state of uncertainty, but this situation is the most immediate, and also conveniently the only one that two level one Users would be qualified to take on."
"How do you know it's in danger?" Carline asked.
"There is significant enough celestial interference to presume so, though without full reconnection I cannot offer more specifics."
"What does celestial interference mean?" Elaina asked.
"In plain terms, there are monsters. An amount with strength weak for a first level party to fight, but still strong enough that if they locate my subcore they could attempt a takeover of the System. They could already be close to finding it, within minutes or hours. I need you two to find the core yourselves and return here with it."
"We can't let that happen!" Carline said, now very engaged. She obviously knew more about the System than Elaina, and Elaina was willing to defer to her judgment on the severity of the situation, but still.
"Carline, aren't you scared?" Elaina asked.
Carline nodded her head once, determined. "Yes, but we can't let the System be taken over by dark forces. I've only heard stories of what could result if it were to happen, of course, and I know it's going to be dangerous, but that's why we're here, right? Why we came to Endrin?"
Carline was right, and if she said it was important, Elaina would trust her. She could at least get more information out of the System before fully deciding. "Okay, we'll do it! How do we get there?"
"Quest accepted. Initiating transportation sequence."
The light flashed once, and Elaina and Carline disappeared.
Ch 1.17: Equipment
One moment Elaina was standing in a dark cave, and the next she was standing in an even darker cave, one noticeably chillier. "Eeep!" she heard from her side, Carline screaming out and the sound echoing down a system of tunnels. "What just happened?"
Elaina looked around, trying to find any light at all. "I think we're on the mission. System, can you hear us?" No response. "Shit, I was really just trying to get her to tell us more information."
"Okay... Well, I guess we should share class details, right? If we're going to be working together."
"I know yours already, actually. Because I'm an Administrator, I think. And I guess it's only fair I share mine." Elaina felt along the wall, feeling a slight pull towards it. She found a carved out portion and pushed inside, tapping a crystal embedded in it. The crystal depressed further into the stone, and then a string of small crystal lights illuminated on the rocky ceiling.
"I'm— I'm a Masochist Mage. I get bonuses to [Restraint] when I'm embarrassed, or if I choose to restrain myself, and a little bit of pain is turned into pleasure." She blushed, kind of wishing she'd said this before turning lights on.
"Oh. Is, uhm, is that why your skirt fell off against Waine?"
Elaina pursed her lips. "Ya, that was on purpose... For the skill, I mean!" They were both blushing now, doing their best to avoid eye contact.
"Hey," Elaina asked, trying to change the subject, "can you see right now, without your glasses?"
Carline's eyes opened wide, and she started feeling around her face. "I see fine, actually. I forgot I wasn't wearing them."
"Huh," Elaina said, thinking back to her foot injury when she first met the System. She had [Pain Response], which she thought mostly took care of it, but was there maybe more to that?
"May— maybe we should get going?" Carline asked.
"Yeah, let's do that." Elaina started walking down the only exit to the small room they were in. It was deeper in, as the System hadn't deemed it necessary to transport them to the entrance of the cave they were for some reason. "Uhm, Carline, do you have any idea where we actually are?"
"Not exactly, but I can take a guess from what I've heard in stories. Did they not have many stories about System Users where you're from?"
Elaina shook her head, creeping down the tunnel. "No. We had lots of stories about the Aspected, but not too many about those with classes." It made sense; Aspected people were commonplace for Carline's portion of society, so they wouldn't make for great stories on their own.
"Well, I think we're in a dungeon. They're like holding places, meant to guard System fragments, and also serve as training grounds."
"Butwhereexactly?" Elaina asked, rubbing her hands together. "It's so cold here."
"Maybe near the capital? It's not too cool for me, but maybe I'm just used to it." The capital. Carline had said it so casually, but that was hundreds of miles away. There was no way they'd gone so far so quickly, right?
As they went in further, the terrain of the cave changed, rock fading away with each step, giving way to a hallway made entirely of metal, metal the same hue as the automatons that walked the halls of the academy. After the cave had been left completely behind, the hall opened up to a large room with one table in the center, holding up a small metal box with a small crystal circle on the side.
"Oh my stars, an actual chest!" Carline rushed past Elaina, ignoring the latter's protests to wait as she reached the box and pressed the crystal in the center. The chest popped open, a shining blue light escaping from inside.
"What even is that?" Elaina said, creeping up from behind.
"It's a star chest! Look." Carline reached in and pulled out two crystal orbs, each a little smaller than her hand, much smaller than the orb that housed the System. "They're gear crystals!" she said, handing one of the orbs to Elaina.
[Basic Mage Gear]
"Welcome to the dungeon," a voice said as soon as she grabbed the crystal. "As you are new Users, you have been granted a basic inventory set. Further gear must be earned and will be distributed as deemed appropriate by the stars."
"That's the System!" Elaina said, looking around for the voice. "Hey, System, where are you?"
Carline shook her head. "I'm not sure she can hear you, or if that's even her. Not the same version, anyway. Before we left, she said she'd disconnected from her other nodes."
Right, the System had said that. "That doesn't make sense though! That was her voice; I know it. System, come back!" she shouted.
Carline ran over, waving her hands in panic. "Calm down! There's monsters in here, remember?"
Fuck, right."I know it's her though," she whispered.
Carline frowned. "I can't say I understand it fully, but I think we're looking for, I guess another part of the System? In here she won't remember us, but she's still in danger, so we need to take her back to the school."
Elaina's head ached. Too many crystal things for her to understand, too fast. She looked back down at the sphere in her hand. "What is this thing anyway?"
"Oh, right," Carline said, smiling. "I think I can just show you." She held her crystal up and closed her eyes, seeming to focus for a moment before it shot out of her hand, lighting up, bursting into thousands of tiny crystal shards and enveloping her.
Carline's uniform disappeared, disintegrating as the glowing dust swirled around her. For just a moment Carline seemed near nude, only a blinding, vibrant blue light that glowed from her skin hiding her modesty before it began to fade from the top of her body, leaving in its place a flowing set of white robes. The garment had a criminally high neckline as far as Elaina was concerned, especially on someone asgiftedas Carline, with loose sleeves going down to her elbows, a green chord tied around her waist, white fabric falling all the way to her ankles. Even though the neckline was chaste and the robes went almost to the floor, the two slits running up each leg and stopping over halfway up her thighs gave Elaina a view she hadn't been graced with yet. Carline normally wore her uniform skirt below her knees, far more conservatively than most other girls at school, so this first peek at her thighs, pale and untouched by the sun, thick and begging to be squeezed—or maybe eventosqueeze— was a gift greater than any Elaina could've hope for. After the crystal cloud reached the floor, transforming Carline's uniform boots into tan sandals, it coalesced into one final shape, a staff as tall as Carline herself, made of knotted wood and ending in ring shaped head with one thorny spike up top.
Carline swayed back and forth to see herself, the front flap of her robe dancing, showing more of her with each movement, even flashing a brief glimpse of white panties. "How do I look?" she asked, face glowing pink. "The bottom is a little, well, a little less than I'm used to."
Elaina was still stunned, finally realizing her mouth had been gaping the entire time the transformation happened. And after it had finished. "You're, uhm. You look amazing."
Carline smiled, looking down at the floor. "You should try yours! I don't think these boost our abilities or anything, since they're just basic gear, but it gave me a weapon at least, and this way we won't have to worry about ruining our uniforms down here."
"But where did your uniform actuallygo?" Elaina asked.
Carline shrugged. "I can put it back on, I know that much. I guess it's inside my staff right now?" She twisted the heft of wood in her hands, looking it over. "Or maybe not. But I can feel it, that if I will this outfit back into the crystal I'll get my uniform back."
Normally such a testimony wouldn't be too convincing to Elaina, but she'd had a number of such feelings herself since arriving at Endrin, especially relating to crystal technology. She braced herself and extended the orb out like Carline, willing it to... To turn into clothes, she guessed.
The orb shot forth, breaking apart just like Carline's had. As the cloud swirled around her and her clothes disappeared, the first thing she noticed was the drop, her breasts falling as her bra dematerialized, and she went to cover her chest instinctively.What the fuck, Carline has bigger boobs than me and hers didn't drop at all!The next thing she felt was the chill. She looked down at her body as it changed, that same blinding light enveloping her until it started to fade as the crystal swirl made its way down her body.
She was not granted long, flowing robes. She could barely call what she was being given a dress. Long, blue and almost completely transparent sleeves came together into a top that hung on only to her tits, leaving her shoulders completely bare as it extended down, only becoming opaque just above her nipples. Her clothing had slits up the sides like Carline's, even thinner ones, but where Carline's mercifully stopped just at her crotch, Elaina's extended all the way up to her waist, the dress itself extending only barely past where the white robes' slits ended. A pair of tan sandals like Carline's finished the so-called outfit, and the remaining crystal fragments formed into a length of crystal chain that wrapped itself around Elaina's right arm.
Elaina shivered, the cold of the room even greater now that she'd lost her knee-high socks and multiple other layers of her wardrobe. The breeze also told her what she'd been fearing most. It wasn't just her bra that was missing; she had no underwear at all. She'ddefinitelyseen panties on Carline, and there was no way the girl didn't havesomesupport for those breasts with how they'd sat on her frame. Elaina had done something wrong, right? There had to be more; she hadshirtslonger than the dress she'd been given. She looked up at her companion, seeing the girl unabashedly ogling Elaina, eyes going up and down her body, gazing over way more thigh than Elaina would ever show normally, running over her hanging chest, nipples hardening even more against the dark blue fabric as the chill set in.
"I—" Elaina's teeth chattered. "I'mreallycold now."
Carline snapped back to consciousness, closing a drooling mouth. "Oh! Sorry, here." She waved her staff at Elaina, and in an instant she was warm again, like nothing was ever amiss at all.
"Gods, what did you do?" She looked down at her body, goosebumps disappearing from her arms and legs. Her nipples stayed hard, but she supposed that might not have been just the cold.
"Body heat is part of [Health], so it isn't too difficult."
"But isn't that a waste of your mana?"
Carline turned away, blushing. "Yeah, I— I didn't say anything before because I was worried about that, but it's a relatively minor use of my aspect, and, uhm, with my skill, [Viewer Rating], and you dressed like that, I'm barely spending more mana than my natural regeneration right now anyway. If I'm walking behind you and can activate [Unseen Watcher] too, then I don't think I'll actually be spending any at all."
"Oh," Elaina said looking back down at herself, at the amount of exposed skin.Her aspect is stronger if... If she's sexually attracted to her target, and if her target can't see her.
"There!" Carline said. "When you're looking away, I can, uhm, the mana drain evens out."
"Right," Elaina said, turning around. She wasn't cold at all anymore, but a shiver still ran through her body. "We should, uhm, keep going, I guess?"
"Y— Yeah, of course."
Elaina started walking, painfully aware of the gaze that would be on her. She couldn't see the back of her robes, but she could feel the breeze on her open back. There was a single strand of cloth running across the back of her shoulders, connecting her sleeves and keeping the thing from falling off completely, but below that there had to be some gaping hole, revealing who knows how much to Elaina's new voyeur friend.And she likes it, likesme? She actually, really likes it?
Until the room with the chest, it had been a straight shot, no side rooms or branching paths to worry about, but now there were those choices. Elaina walked past all the side room, some looking like barracks for soldiers, some completely empty, and some still that were once again caves, destroyed metal walls and furniture strewn about them. "Just so you know, I'm sort of winging it here," she said back to Carline. "I have no idea where I'm going."
"Right," Carline replied, obvious trepidation in her voice. As enthusiastic as she'd been with the gear crystals, there was an eeriness as the two ventured further that was impossible to ignore. This place was obviously built by someone, but no one was here. They were supposed to be defending it from monsters, whatever that meant, but there was only nothingness.
They continued their trek in silence, sandals pitter-pattering on the metal floor the only sound as they delved deeper into the so-called dungeon, until they heard howl-growling, a cross between the sounds of a wolf and a bear that froze both of them in place, more pitter-pattering coming from round the corner ahead as tendrils of black smoke slithered around the walls and towards the them.