I had been dating Carolyn for nine months, and she was my first. I knew when I met her that she was more experienced than me, but she still seemed relatively innocent, and certainly appeared pleased with our sex life. I had quick recovery, and was able to have sex with her two to three times a day when we were together, which I thought equated into pleasing her.
It was my senior year, and she came up to my college for a dance. She was one year younger, and going to a college a couple of hundred miles away. To save money, we were sharing a room with my friend and his new girlfriend, Tracy, who neither of us knew particularly well.
We had all drank during the night and were feeling good. Although the room was dark, it was clear both of us were making out with our dates in the hotel room, in the opposing queen size beds. I had Carolyn beneath me and was sucking on her breasts as I tried to work her panties down. She was moaning softly from my kisses, though slightly resisting my advances, and we both started noticing the noises from the opposite bed. It was clear there were moving faster than us. Tracy's silhouette was upright, straddling him. We could not see any details, but it was evident she had him inside of her, and was moving up and down in large movements, as she moaned increasingly loudly.
Her voice started becoming audible as she said "You are so fucking big" over and over. By this time Carolyn had become distracted, which allowed me to push her legs open, and fumbled to open a condom wrapper, with the thought of entering her. I managed to pull it out and place it over my cock's head, rolling it quickly down my 5" shaft. I entered her and gasped as I felt her warmth.
I expected to hear her gasp in return, but she was looking over at Tracy, whose up and down movements had become even more pronounced and was now starting to sound theatrical in her moaning. I pushed harder into Carolyn at the same time that Tracy had an extremely obvious orgasm. She was moaning, and cried out "Don't fucking stop, I'm cumming on you!" while her palms balanced her against his chest.
All of this excited me considerably, and I was moving harder into Carolyn with each stroke. But her attention was now entirely on my friend and Tracy, as Tracy recovered from her orgasm on top of him. Carolyn had enough, and finally said "You are such an actress over there," as she nervously giggled.
Tracy, who was still catching her breath, said "I am not acting. You have no idea what that felt like. Can you see how big he is?"
Carolyn's attention was now fully piqued, and she was no longer responding to my thrusts at all, as she said "He can't be that big. There's really not that much difference between one or another."
Now it was Tracy who was laughing as she said "Do you want to bet?" She leaned over to the lamp, and moved the switch to turn on the light. She then unstraddled herself from my friend, who was still fully erect, exposing his 9-10" extremely thick cock. Tracy sat on the bedside, panting softly and giggling, as she stroked his shaft slowly. My friend had a sick grin as her movements clearly made him more aroused.
Carolyn was entranced by this, and slowly moved out from under me, sitting upright on our bed watching. She asked Tracy, "Were you able to take all of that in?"
Tracy said "Are you kidding me? Not at first. But when I did, it felt like nothing before."
Carolyn's breathing was picking up slightly, and she asked my roommate if she could touch it.
He laughed and said "Sure," looking over at me with a look that said "What else am I going to say?"
Carolyn moved over to the bed with the two of them and grasped his cock with hesitation. He moaned softly as her hand wrapped around it. Carolyn was much smaller than Tracy, standing at only 5'1", and correspondingly her fingers could not make it all the way around his shaft. She began moving her hand up and down his cock, staring at it. She was absolutely fixated. Suddenly, and without any comment, she reached over to our bed stand and grabbed the package of condoms I had brought. Her hands trembling, she cracked the seal of one, and placed it on the rim of his head. I could see that Tracy was surprised at how bold and sudden her actions were, but somewhat intrigued at the same time.
Carolyn began to try to pull the condom down his shaft, but with no luck. He was too thick for the normal Durex size. It literally was chocking him. He laughed and said "Sorry, that's just not going to work." By this time, Tracy had taken pity on me, and had moved over to my bed and moved her hand to my much smaller cock. We were both seeing what Carolyn would do, given the condom challenge.
Suddenly, she surprised both of us, as she removed the small condom from the head of his cock, and straddled her short frame over him. She leaned over and kissed him deeply, which made him respond even more. She then grabbed his thick shaft and positioned her pussy's lips over it. She was well lighted by the shaft as she first took him inside of her. She could only accommodate 4-5 inches for the first minute or two, and appeared to be in slight pain.
Both John and Tracy laughed nervously at this. This seemed to embolden Carolyn, who looked over at me and smiled, and then pushed herself down further on John, taking him almost entirely inside her. This made him gasp loudly.
I had never heard the sound she made next, as she moaned loudly, almost in pain, as she took him in. Her hand was behind her, holding his thigh as she worked him into her. I could see from the light that she now had all of him inside of her, their hips locked together, her clit rubbing against his belly. I was amazed, because in all the time we had dated, she had religiously demanded I wear a condom, but she was now taking him bareback inside her. She simply had forgotten, or simply did not care.
Tracy leaned over and kissed me. I reacted instantly, and took the opportunity to cup her small breasts, which made her moan softly. She straddled me, taking my cock inside her, as we both watched the show on the other side of the room. She leaned close into me and smiled, and then asked "Do you think she is enjoying herself?"
John was responding strongly to Carolyn, saying "Holy shit, you are so fucking tight, don't stop!" Carolyn was now lowering herself up and down on him in full strokes, as his hand cupped her C sized breasts. I could see her nipples were pointed upward in her arousal, as she responded to him.
Carolyn was 20 years old, and although she was more sexually experienced than me, she had never climaxed with me or her previous two lovers. It became painfully obvious this was going to change tonight, as her riding on him became fast and furious, and she began to say "I'm going to cum on you, John. Oh my god, oh my god. Your cock is so fucking big!" Suddenly, her movement stopped. She sat upright on him, with both their hands on her clit. His huge cock was still fully inside her, obviously stretching her, as she quivered. I could see her juices flowing down his belly as she came for at least 20 seconds.
Carolyn took almost a minute to compose herself. Tracy laughed the entire time, saying "You thought I was kidding!" By this time, John was very close to orgasm, and he called Tracy over. She suddenly withdrew herself from me, and laid down next to Carolyn, who was still gasping, on their bed. John pushed Tracy's legs open, and entered her once again with his cock, making her instantly moan. He pushed himself hard into her, as Carolyn moved her head up to kiss him. After two minutes of thrusting, Tracy came hard beneath him, begging him not to stop. But he was well past the point of no return and came hard inside her. I could see his cum dribble outside of her, as she panted.
Eventually, Carolyn came over and gave me a handjob to finish me off, looking over at John the entire time. I fell asleep shortly after, but woke up two hours later to see Carolyn straddling him again. She was leaning close to him as she said "You are so much bigger than him!" He smiled over at me, as she came loudly, her palms pushed against his chest. The room next door called to the front desk and complained about the noise at that point.
This was the night that I knew the expression about "It's not the size of the wave..." is a complete lie. I had seen otherwise.
I continued to date Carolyn for another couple of months, and she told me she had got caught up in the moment, and was not interested in him. But we broke up three months after that night, when I walked in on her in John in the act in our dorm room. She did not notice me at first, with him on top of her and her palms against the backboard to push against his thrusts into her. I watched her cum on him again, her voice moaning and her eyes rolling back. She recovered afterward, noticing me in the doorway as he continued to slowly push his cock into her, but then looked back at him, taking his mouth into hers as his thrusts built up again into her.