My wife Heidi had been friends with Natalie since their freshman year in college, long before I knew either of them. Well, maybe friends is too warm of a term, "frenemies" seems more fitting. Don't get me wrong, they definitely cared about each other, but their relationship was fiercely competitive.
They roomed together in the dorms as freshmen and were attached at the hip from that moment on. Their similar interests and career aspirations made for plenty of common ground as well as plenty of things to compete over. From the stories I have heard from both of them, it seemed that nothing was exempt from becoming a contest. From beating each other's times on the collegiate track team, to test scores, to the prestige of the law school they were able to be accepted into, and even the men they dated.
Unlike how men normally compete, Natalie and Heidi's competiveness was not immediately obvious to the untrained eye. In almost everything they did, they would try to get the upper hand but if questioned, both of them would deny that. It was a frustraiting and endearing fact about them that took me quite a while to pick up on.
Natalie and Heidi entered my life when they came to work at the law firm I was already working at. I was a senior associate, so I was assigned to Heidi and Natalie as a mentor for their first few years. They were both very driven individuals so mentoring them was easy. Their aptitude and drive helped them to rise up the ranks quickly and in just a few short years, they were both senior associates working right beside me as peers.
Their ambition was immediately apparent to me, but I also didn't fail to notice their beauty. Both Natalie and Heidi could have been models instead of lawyers if they wanted to. They had kept up the intensity of their workouts after being collegiate athletes and it showed. Their fitness however, was where their physical similarities ended. In some ways, you could say they were visual opposites. Heidi is a tall thin blonde with smaller breasts, a more angular face, and piercing blue gray eyes. She has a smaller but very shapely ass forged from a rigorous routine of running and weight training. Conversly, Natalie is a shorter, curvy brunette with dark skin and dark eyes. Heidi has frequently considered getting a boob job and I have no doubt it is a fueled by her love and jealousy of Natalie's incredible rack.
Personality wise, they are also different. Though they are both motivated career women, Heidi tends to be a bit more aggressive and forthright while Natalie tended to be more submissive and sly. Occasionally, Heidi will boss Natalie around and to an onlooker it would seem like she wore the pants, but Natalie has a way of steering her friend's head that Heidi often misses.
Though I was attracted to both of them, Heidi definitely won my heart. I always found her straightforward and confident demeanor very inspiring and even attractive. Though I had certainly oggled her Instagram and checked her out discreetly in person when I was feeling bold, I never even thought about approaching her as a potential romantic partner. It seemed too risky to jeopordize a great work relationship with an advance like that. The only reason our relationship ever switched from professional to romantic was all thanks to her.
At our firm's new year party, Heidi was acting especially affectionate towards me. I was talking to Natalie when Heidi abruptly entered the conversation by wrapping her arm around me and placed her hand on my chest like we were a couple. I thought Heidi was just joking around but it seemed to annoy Natalie so after a few minutes she left to talk to someone else.
Heidi stayed close to me for rest of the night. We ended up sitting down together and got locked into an intense conversation about a case she was working involving a class action lawsuit on some rogue sex toys. I had talked to her about the case before and we were always careful to talk about it in a strictly professional way but that night Heidi was being very informal in her discussion of it.
She joked about how all of the people signing the class action were horny housewives frustraited they needed to go back to relying on their husbands dicks. She even told me a story about how she purchased one and tryed it on herself to see how bad it was. She went into a lot more detail about that part than I expected and considering that I had long oogled her from afar, picturing her trying a sex toy gave me a series of thought I would need to explore later.
It was starting to get late so I announced that I was going to turn in. She requested that I walk her to her car before I left so we navigated through our office's parking garage to her car. Once we arrived, I opened her door for her, waved goodnight and turned to walk away. After a few steps she hollered, "Nate..."
I whipped around quizzically. Without another word, she stepped forward, wrapped her hand around my tie, pulled me close to her face and gave me an open mouth kiss. When our lips unhooked, I stared back at her bewhildered but delighted. She stared at me, straight in my eyes with her intense steely gaze. She dropped her chin and said in a nearly a low raspy whisper, " I don't fuck around Nate. I like you. When I see you next week, you can ask me out to dinner if you are interested in me too and my answer will be yes."
She abruptly pulled me in for a second, but shorter kiss. Then, without another word, she plopped into her car, backed out and drove away. I watched her drive away and slid my hands into my pockets.
After she turned the corner I looked up at the ceiling and chuckled to myself. I had dated a number of women, but I had never met someone like Heidi before. I knew I would be a fool not to ask her to dinner and see where things go, so I committed to ask her out and see where things headed.
After our first date, our relationship blossomed quickly, faster than any other relationship I had had thus far. There were no secrets with Heidi, so I felt like I got to know her on a level I didn't know anyone else in a relatively short period of time.
On our third date, we consummate our growing interest in each other with a romp in the hay. Sex with Heidi is about like what you would imagine. She doesn't play games or try to shelter your ego if you are not getting the job done. If she liked something, she would make it painfully obvious by rewarding the behavior with a series of unmistakable moans. If she didn't like it, she would end it abruptly and move to a new position or activity to try.
There was no guessing with Heidi and I loved that. I also felt like her honesty helped our sex life reach heights I never had with any other woman I dated. I wouldn't describe her as sexually creative, but the intensity of our love making was always high.
The one thing that always surprised me, is that she would generally expect me to lead out in most cases. I figured that a confident woman like that who knew what she wanted would want to lead out occassionally, but for the most part that wasn't the case.
Dating Heidi was really easy, but one peculiar thing was how often she wanted to include Natalie on our dates. Don't get me wrong, I enjoyed Natalie's company, but to me it always seemed like Natalie was, understandably, uncomfortable always being with us as a third wheel. It was almost like Heidi was trying to rub our relationship in Natalie's face and I watched Heidi and Natalie start to drift apart because of it.
A few months after the New Year's party, Heidi and I started officially dating. Once we made that announcement, Natalie and Heidi's friendship seemed to end upbruptly and transition to strictly professional. Every time I saw Natalie at work it made me sad because I knew how much that friendship meant to each of them. Life at work didn't have the same dynamic without the three of us cracking jokes and hanging out. At the same time though, I was relieved to have a bit more 1:1 time with Heidi.
This continued for a few months but everything changed when Natalie found a beau herself. Once Natalie announced that she had a boyfriend, her relationship with Heidi seemed to reignite overnight. It was weird to me, but I was just happy to see those two talking and hanging out again just like old times. Heidi and I's 1:1 dates now switched to being almost predominately double dates.
Natalie's freshly procured boyfriend, Derek, was a tech mogul, and massively wealthy. I mean massively wealthy, like Scrooge McDuck, swimming in a pile of gold kind of wealthy. I wish I could produce another adjective to describe him, but his copious amounts of money seemed to be the extent of his personality.
All of our dates and hangout always seemed to revolve around showcasing Derek's wealth. Fancy restaurants, rides on his yacht, exotic weekend vacations, trips to one of Derek's cabins/mansions/islands you get the idea.
At first all of these trips were a lot of fun, but after a while they seemed to be taking a toll on Heidi. Even though Heidi and I were decently well off, rolling with Derek and Natalie was like hainging out with a different species of human. We were doing activities we never thought possible in our lifetime and Derek would more often than not just foot the bill. It was a little emasculating if I am totally honest, but it seems like a small thing to complain about when someone is being so generous.
Our conversations could be a little taxing to. Frequently when we were visiting, Natalie would brag about some accomplishment Derek had acheived or Derek would simply share an everyday fact from his atypical life. Often I couldn't relate to what they were talking about but I was happy for him all the same. Heidi however, seemed to take these bragging conversations as a threat.
She would almost frantically try to one up their stories by bragging about me or something I had occomplished. She would detail out how I had crushed some high profile case or how I was so close to becoming a partner and how the owners loved me and saw a big future for me there. Derek and Natalie were generally pretty cordial about the whole thing but it made me very uncomfortable, especially when she would ask me to detail one of my successes to them. I felt like I was the monkey she was trying to make dance for the captive audience.
As soon as we would enter our car to drive home from one of our adventure, Heidi would become unhinged. She would yell and curse while she reflected on the time we spent with them. She would remark how Natalie thought she was so much better than us and how she was only dating Derek so that she could flaunt how much wealthier Derek was than us. She always said "us" but I knew what she really meant.
I had never outright asked Heidi, but It seemed obvious to me that she was jealous of Natalie, especially that she had such a wealthy boyfriend. Honestly, I don't totally understand it, and it is kind of an ugly thought, but I theorized that Natalie snagging the richer boyfriend meant that Natalie had snagged the "better man" and somehow that gave her the leg up on Heidi and that thought seemed to eat Heidi up inside.
After an especially fiery rant from Heidi one night that ended in her crying, I suggested that we start spending less time with them and after some pushback, Heidi conceded.
Two years into dating Heidi, I had made my mind up and decided I wanted to be with her for the rest of my life. I proposed and she enthusiastically said yes. A year later we were married. In that same year I also finally became a partner at the law firm! Heidi made some great progress in her career as well and was right on my heels in line for promotion. It was an excellent year for both of us and when we celebrated our first kiss anniversary on New Years we just reflected back on how lucky and fortunate we were to have each other and be where we were at. We looked forward to what a new year would hold with high hopes.
The next year however, didn't start out great at all. Natalie and Heidi both applied for Partner at the same time and both seemed likely candidates. When the decision time came though, Heidi was denied while Natalie was accepted.
I had never seen Heidi so furious. She took a whole week off of work because she was not ready to forgive the board or Natalie. I mean, it was understandable, Natalie was her peer and they had started at the same time and by all accounts both seemed like great candidates for partner.
When Heidi returned from her leave, things got much worse. The day she came back into the office, Natalie announced that she was getting engaged to Derek and that, despite recently achieving partner status, she was quitting her career to spend more time with her soon to be husband. I looked around frantically for Heidi to ensure she didn't commit homicide, but when I saw her eyes, she just looked beaten and dejected.
Heidi quickly spiraled into a deep depression. I wasn't sure if Heidi was so down in the dumps because Natalie just threw away a position that Heidi was working so hard towards, that Natalie had snagged a millionaire, that she would no longer be working everyday with her best friend, or a combination of all three but Heidi was in rough shape.
She seemed to have lost all motivation and the fire in her eyes had flickered out almost entirely. Her cases struggled, the care she put into her physical appearance decreased, and worst of all, her overall confident demeanor that I was so attracted to and impressed by was practically absent.
Our normal energetic and passionate sex life had devolved into a once or twice a month quick and dirty bang session. Occasionally during one of our infrequent sexual encounters, she would simply lie on her back, like a dead fish, and just expect me to "do my business." It was a hard situation for me to deal with and I became quite concerned about her being stuck in this funk forever.
I knew she was going through a hard time and I just tried to not be hurt by her lack of affection or interest, but it was challenging. I was really horny and having her interest sapped made me feel pretty lousy. Deep down, I knew not to take it personally, but it was hard not to.
Months later, out of the blue, Natalie texted us to see if we wanted to go on a ski trip with her and Derek to one of his private cabins. We hadn't even seen Natalie or Derek since well before Natalie and Derek had gotten engaged.
I was about to respond with a "no thank you" for Heidi's sake, but Heidi texted back before I did that she would love to go.
Later that night I confronted her and asked why she wanted to do that when she was hurting so much and all she could come up with was that maybe a change in scenery would help her get out of her funk. Eventually I conceded and hesitantly agreed. Maybe a change in scenery would help, but I also worried that time with Derek and Natalie would send her even deeper into her depression.
We flew in and arrived a few hours before Natalie and Derek were scheduled to arrive. The cabin was exquisite. There was a huge great room with a tall ceiling and a big lambskin rug in front of a large brick fireplace. The kitchen was lavish and there were large windows where you could see the large snow covered mountain with a few skiiers going down the mountain.
It was snowing softly when we arrived and the sky was starting to change as the sun began its descent behind the mountains. It was picturesque! The beauty and ambiance of the setting started to get me in the mood so I mustered up my courage and some confidence and attempted to make a move on my wife.
Heidi was looking out the window at the mountain and the sun setting over the snow capped peaks. I crept up behind her and draped my arms over her and gave her a kiss on the cheek. I held her for a few minutes while we watched the sun go down. I slowly raised my arms down to cup her pert butt and began to nuzzle her neck. This went on for only a few seconds before Heidi abruptly stepped forward out of my grasp and plainly stated, "I need to take a piss." She then turned and briskly walked away down the hall.
I slunk my shoulders dejectedly. I was trying my best to be patient with her while she sorted through her personal issues but it was really starting to wear on me. I hung my head down for a moment before taking a deep breath and regaining my composure before working on settling us into our room.
Several hours later Heidi and I were in the front room watching a movie. We were snuggled up tightly wrapped in a blanket. It wasn't sex, but the contact was very welcomed. It seemed to be a full moon and it was shining brightly on the snow. The night sky was filled with stars in a way you can't see in the big city. Finally we heard a car pull up and a few rapid footsteps before Natalie busted through the door.
At a glance, she was a wreck. She had dark mascara streaks down her face like she had been crying for hours. Her eyes were red and puffy. Her pink down jacket was half zipped up and was only covering one of her shoulders, and she was holding a crudely packed duffle bag with some of her clothes poking out of the zippers.
After taking one look at her, Heidi and I both shot up and rushed over to her to see if she was okay. She just grabbed both of us and burst into tears.
We moved her over to the couch and I got her a glass of water while Heidi tried to get her to calm down. I gave her the glass of water and then I went to look out the window to see if Derek was coming with the luggage but he was nowhere to be seen. The only thing I saw was Natalie's empty rental car.
I came and sat on the other side of Natalie while she drank from the glass of water. She brought the water down from her lips and seemed to be regaining her composure.
I put my hand gingerly on Natalie's back and inquired gently, "Where is Derek?"
"Not coming," she sobbed in response, "And none of us are going to see that asshole again!" And then she threw her head back and started bawling again.
Heidi and I both reached forward and held her from either side. I looked up at Heidi to see if she had any clue what was going on. She met my gaze and just shrugged quizzically.
After a few minutes, Natalie finally was able to settle down enough again to tell us what had happened. The story went back much further than I thought it would and Natalie was a lot more frank and forthcoming than she normally was.
She recounted how she originally got into her relationship with Derek because she felt so lonely and jealous of our relationship. She told me that she had had a crush on me since starting at the firm and that she and Heidi were in a kind of competition to kiss me first. I looked at Heidi since she had never bothered to tell me that fact and she just looked at the floor and blushed.
No wonder she had been so forward that night! My mind started to wander before I rangled it back to focus on Natalie's story.
Natalie went on to say how she fell into Derek's arms on a rebound and thought that being with a rich guy would make Heidi jealous. I chortled softly to myself. Natalie had no clue how effective her strategy was. Natalie continued by detailing how she wasn't crazy about Derek but that over time got used to the idea of being with him because of the security his wealth brough. I thought that that was a hell of a thing to admit to but tried to just listen and not judge too much.
She went on to say that she always felt like she had to convince herself that she was making a good decision so she would frequently invite us out to try to persuade us on how great he was so that she could convince herself.
I looked over at Heidi again and she was still looking down at the ground while she listened. Natalie and Heidi's behavior and relationship began to make even more sense to me while Natalie talked and I wondered what Heidi was thinking.
Natalie went on to say that after we got married, she didn't want to be left behind again so she pushed Derek to propose. He did, but after proposing he started to get really possessive and controlling, even requesting that she leave her job.
I nodded my head. That made a lot more sense. I had really struggled to understand why a career woman like Natalie would throw that all away to become a housewife on a whim.
The last detail she shared is that this morning, she had gone into Derek's office to surprise him and walked in on him penetrating his secretary. She said that she felt equally betrayed and relieved. When she met eyes with him, she didn't say a word to him. She just turned around, and walked back the other way.
"He didn't even chase after me!" she exclaimed.
She then went straight home, hastily packed her suitcase, and flew here.
"The funny thing about it though," Natalie chuckled, "Is that he is terrible in the sack. Just a God awful lay. He is so uncoordinated and his small package doesn't help. I think because he is so wealthy and girls constantly throw themselves at him, He has never had to learn to compensate for his small pecker. I have faked it every single time. So the thought of him "giving it" to somebody else is almost comical to me. In fact, He should be begging me to come back because few people would have stuck around with such an incompetent lover."
I think Heidi and I both knew that Natalie just needed to vent her frustration so we didn't interrupt her. Natalie groaned then continued, "Do you have any idea how unsatisfied you feel sexually when you haven't had good sex in over three years? I am horny constantly and I don't know what to do! I try to please myself when he isn't around but even after that I still feel hollow and unsatisfied. I need a good hard dick!"
I sympathized with Natalie. Though I hadn't experienced anything as bad as what she was describing, the last several months of my life gave me some level of appreciation of what she was going through. Sex is important to a relationship and for a person, and without it, it can really wear on you.
Natalie sighed aloud and then looked up at the ceiling. "I had it coming though," She cleared her throat before continuing, "I was in a relationship for the wrong reasons. I was a terrible girlfriend and an awful friend." She then looked over to Heidi who looked up from the ground to meet her gaze. "Do you forgive me? Even though I would do something so ugly to try to make you jealous?"
Now it was Heidi's turn to bawl. She grabbed Natalie and held her close and then Natalie started crying again too. They babbled incoherently about all of their past wrongs and what terrible friends they were and how much they loved eachother. I decided that was my cue so I excused myself and got ready for bed to give them some privacy for their girl bonding time.
About an hour later, I was laying on the bed in our room doing some light reading. Heidi slowly creaked the door open and slid into the room. She had taken her makeup off and seemed to be ready for bed.
Her eyes were puffy from all the crying but she didn't seem to be crying anymore. She scooted over to the bed and sat next to me. After a moment, she reached down and grabbed my hand. "I don't tell you often enough how grateful I am to have you Nate," She said while she stroked my hand. I closed my book and looked up at her. "I can't imagine that living with me the last couple of months has been easy and I know I have been a real brat about everything with Natalie... You have never judged me or expressed frustration to me and I am just so grateful."
I smiled warmly at her. I didn't need to hear her say it but it was still a nice thing to hear. With that, she leaned over and gave me a tender kiss. She pulled her lips away for a moment and then dove back in for a much more passionate kiss. From there, things escalated quickly.
The emotion of the evening and the effect of long gaps in our sexual expression seemed to suddenly come to a head. We quickly ripped off each other's clothes while we passionately fenced with our tongues.
I pushed her off of my chest and onto her back and picked her hips into the air, rapidly licking her moistening pussy. After only a few moments, her body convulsed in the bliss of orgasm while she loudly yelped loudly in pleasure. I moved my mouth up to start kissing her again while rubbing her slick clit with my hand. My hard dick rested on her stomach, oozing precum like a dick does that has been denied passionate sex for a prolongued period of time.
I moved my mouth down to lick her erect nipples and she moaned loudly. Her breast felt so good in my mouth but I was growing impatient, I rolled her over on her stomach and slid my cock into her. She yelped in delight. After only a few thrusts, I felt her opening tighten as her orgasm began to build up again. I repositioned my leg and was about to continue thrusting when I heard a new sound enter the chorus of our lovemaking.
Heidi and I both paused. It sounded like a gentle mewing and a kind of slick dredging sound. We looked at eachother quizzically. The sound seemed to be coming from the wall next to ours. Suddenly, it dawned on us. It was Natalie in the other room! She was vigorously masturbating to the sound of our lovemaking!
Heidi and I stared at each other in disbelief. Then we started to quietly giggle and blush. Hearing that turned me on immensely and it must have turned Heidi on too because she patted my ass and begged me to continue. I started thrusting into her again with increased vigor and Heidi moaned loudly in response. I pumped in and out of her briskly and could hear Heidi's moaning change like she was about to climax. I felt my orgasm building too so I announced that I was coming and Heidi could only muster a, "Uh-huh" in response. I continued to saw in and out, clinging to my orgasm with all my might before we suddenly both erupted. Heidi and I came together and based on sounds next door, Natalie came not too long after.
We quickly cleaned up and snuggled up in bed together naked. The sex was amazing, but seeing this small spark back in Heidi filled me with joy.
The next morning, I snuck out early to make the girls breakfast. While prepping I checked my phone to see a text from Natalie to Heidi and I. It said that she had gone for an early morning drive to clear her head and would be back later. I paired back my preparation for dinner for two. I scrambled some eggs and made some toast and set the table for Heidi. She hadn't come out yet so I decided to sit down and start without her.
A few minutes later Heidi walked out in just her underwear and one of my T-shirts. I motioned to the seat across from me for her to sit down and eat. But the look in her eyes showed that she was more interested in keeping things going from the previous night than breakfast. She walked over to my chair and leaned over to face me. I could see through the collar of her shirt and saw her small, braless tits hanging enticingly. She tipped my chin up from gaping at her breasts to her face and gave me a long passionate kiss.
She turned and walked away, swishing her exposed ass cheeks to me while she walked away. She then stopped and looked over her shoulder and gave me the come hither motion with her hands. Not needing any more encouragement, I stood up and walked over to her. I took her hand to lead her to the bedroom but she stood her ground and pulled back on my hand. She held up her hand and wagged her finger back and forth. "Not in there, in here," she whispered seductively and pointed at the great room.
Heidi was not much of an excibitionist so her suggesting we do it in the front room caught me off guard. I hesitated for a moment while I ran it through my mind. I was really turned on by her instigating for the second day in a row, but I wasn't sure that I wanted to take the risk of Natalie walking in on us. Heidi was not so worried and immediately took charge, interrupting my internal debate.
I had never seen Heidi like this before. She was like a wild animal. She pinned me against the wall and passionately placed her lips on mine. She thrust her tongue forcefully into my mouth in a desperate search for my tongue. Meanwhile, she aggressively pulled at my belt until she released it and immediately shot her hands down my pants to grip my rapidly expanding cock.
She pulled away from my mouth with a seductive bite of my lower lip and a mischievous and undeniably sexy twinkle in her eye. She grabbed my boxers and jeans in her hands and in one movement dropped them to the floor. She stuck her tongue out and licked from the top of my thighs to my perineum, to the underside of my balls, all the way to the shaft of my penis. She worked her tongue all the way to the tip, swirled her tongue around the top and then engulfed the whole of my semi-hard cock in her mouth.
She began to bob her mouth up and down while simultaneously stimulating me with her tongue in her mouth. I could feel myself growing rapidly until I heard her make a small gag. I looked down to make sure she was alright, and she just looked up at me with a hungry smile in her eyes.
She began to furiously bob her head up and down on my member all the while fondling my balls and my butt with her two free hands. She would periodically unlatch her mouth to lick and kiss my member furiously before sucking me back in. I was in so much bliss, all I could think to do was lightly place a hand on her head for some weak encouragement. A small goan escaped my lips, applauding her skillful work.
This continued for a minute or two. I had my eyes closed, and just thought how I never wanted this pleasure to end. When I opened my eyes, and looked down, I noticed something that threatened to throw me over the edge. She was so worked up, I saw her touching her breasts and beginning to tease her nipples. I had never seen her play with herself while we were having sex, especially during a blow job, and seeing her getting so worked up merely pleasing me nearly made me blow my load right there. As soon as she moved one of her hands from her breasts and thrust it into her panties, I had to pull her away from my cock to stop myself from cumming.
She sank into her knees to sit on the floor but continued to greedily work her breasts and thirsty twat. She looked up at me in a state of bliss but her face almost seemed to be begging me to help her out. I didn't say a word. I quickly kicked my pants off and flipped my shirt over my head and then helped her to pull her skimpy clothes off. She moved her hand that was massaging her breast but the hand on her pussy continued to furiously work, teasing her clit.
I slid her underwear off and moved her to her knees in doggy style. I grabbed her hips and impaled her with my sensitive, throbbing dick. I was met with a gush of wetness and started wildly thrusting in and out all while she continued to diddle herself and moan desperately.
Heidi announced that she was close to cumming so I increased my tempo, placed one of my hands on the hand she was using to furiously frig her bean and used my other hand to tease, twist, and pull her nipple. I heard Heidi let out a sensual scream and then felt a squirt of liquid hit my balls before dripping out and puddling by my knees. I could feel myself rapidly approaching a climax.
Not wanting to stop such a great thing, I pulled out right before I exploded, flipped around and closed my eyes while I focused desperately on suppressing my orgasm. When I opened my eyes again after cooling off, I found myself face to face with a very hot and bothered Natalie who must have snuck in while we were focused on the task at hand.
I was ROCK hard and Heidi was red faced, breathing heavy, and very obviously drinking in the whole scene. Heidi's hands were fidgeting at her waist, when I looked down at her crotch she quickly moved them away from her pussy but exposed a small wet spot forming in the crotch of her yoga pants.
She may have stopped touching herself, but she could not seem to stop herself from staring. Her eyes lingered on my throbbing cock while I watched her take a deep breath and bite her lip. I then watched her eyes move to Heidi's wide open, quivering cunt and then her eyes moved to rest on the small puddle Heidi had made.
I was speechless so I dumbly sat there and just wondered what could possibly be running through Natalie's head. Heidi collapsed on the ground and as she started to turn around around she breathlessly asked me, "alright, what do you want to do next?" Her eyes looked at my face and followed my line of sight until she saw Natalie, standing there looking very hot and very much bothered.
"Natalie, how long have you been there?!" Heidi nearly shouted while she tried in vain to cover her naked body.
Natalie stammered back, "O-Oh sorry, I didn't mean to interrupt... I just walked in and... I just didn't want to interrupt!"
Around this point, Heidi must have noticed what a sorry state her friend was in. Natalie probably looked like what I looked like when I first saw boobs on the internet.
Even after Heidi's question, Natalie continued to scan our bodies. Being ogled like that sent a surge of energy to my erection and I felt myself reaching a new level of hardness.
"Well, if you are going to oggle us, at least settle in so we can get back to what we were doing."
I looked at Heidi in shock. What I saw in her eyes was the same proud dominant energy that had attracted me to her in the first place. I theorized that Heidi must have been loving lording her excellent sex life and normal sized cocked husband over Natalie. A friend who she felt so much jealousy over for so long. More surprising than Heidi's offer to Natalie to stay and watch, was that Natalie actually took her offer and obediently moved to one of the chairs.
Without missing a beat, Heidi laid on the floor and spread her legs out wide. I hesitated for a moment. Should I really do it? Is it really okay to continue with her friend watching? I looked at Heidi and then at Natalie and both of them seemed to lustfully stare at me, trying to see what I would do next. I decided to put my doubts to rest and trust Heidi.
I dove into Heidi's soaked clutch tongue first. I licked her up and down from taint to clit and then started fucking her vagina by thrusting my toungue in and out. Heidi was always vocal when we had sex, especially oral, but it seemed like today she was putting on an even bigger show for Natalie.
I pinned Heidi's legs to her chest and started twirling my tongue around her clit. I glanced up to check on Natalie and noticed that she had resumed stroking herself and her wet spot was growing. Her eyes bounced between Heidi's heaving breasts, my tongue working on Heidi's wet pussy. And my hard dick bouncing back and forth while I ate out Heidi. I felt my member stiffen even more at the thought of not only pleasing Heidi so much, but that watching this display was getting Natalie so hot too.
I ratcheted up my tempo, rapidly licking all around Heidi's cunt and alternated between licking, kissing and even lightly biting. It seemed like anything I did got a big positive response from Heidi. I was getting so much positive affirmation from Heidi, that I decided to try something she normally said no to.
I lifted her ass up in the air and began to slowly circle my tongue around her hairless anus. Simultaneously, I continued to stimulate her clitoris with my free hand. I don't know if it was the increased stimulation or the novelty and debauchery of being watched, but Heidi quickly peaked and started to violently convulse while I held her hips in the air.
I looked up at Natalie to see if she was enjoying the show. She had moved her hands from the outside of her pants to the inside and she was furiously thrusting her fingers in and out of her pussy while the wet spot on her pants continued to grow.
When Heidi recovered from her orgasm, she looked up at her friend desperately pumping away at her hole. "Natalie, do you wish you were getting eaten out like this?"
Natalie just nodded her head and closed her eyes. She almost looked like she was going to cry.
"Do you wish you could have this massive dick in your pussy after years of getting Derek's tiny weiner?"
Again, Natalie just desperately nodded her head up and down. I had no clue what Heidi was up to, I just watched, deathly curious.
"What if I let you share him with me, just for today?"
Natalie and I both paused, absolutely shocked. Natalie stopped fingering herself for a minute, to try to figure out what was happening.
"Well I... I mean I don't know Heidi...what is..."
Heidi cut her off mid stammer.
"We heard you masturbating to us having sex last night like a repressed teenager. I see how wet you are. I know how badly you want this and need this."
Natalie just stammered in response. Heidi continued, "I will let you share him just this one time Natalie, but you need to beg me for it. You need to beg me for permission to share my husband's big cock."
Natalie sat there for a moment, still dumbfound, but her expression slowly shifted from shocked to determined. "Please Heidi, please let me share your husband. Please let me feel what you have been feeling."
Heidi paused, smirked, then cruelly retorted, "You know what, I changed my mind, I will keep him all to myself." Heidi rose from her chair.
"No please," Natalie begged, dropping to her knees, "please let me be with your husband. At least let me give him oral, anything! You see how wet I am, I need this."
I was very flattered by how badly both of these women wanted me, but I began to worry. I didn't know what mind games were going on here, but it seemed like they would be better discussed in therapy than a sexcapade. I was also concerned to continue after knowing that Natalie had had a crush on me years ago.
Having sex with Natalie sounded fun, but nothing was worth jeopordizing the relationship I had with Heidi. I opened my mouth to speak up but Heidi just placed her finger inside my mouth, stopping me before I could even make a sound.
"Take your clothes off," Heidi commanded Natalie while staring at her intently. Natalie stood up from her kneesy and frantically began to pull her clothes off. She removed her shirt and sports bra in one sustained movement and out popped a perfect set of perky C cup breasts. Her nipples were rock hard and stood about half an inch out from her breasts.
I gulped and I was pretty sure I heard Heidi gasp. Next was Natalie's light gray yoga pants. She wasn't wearing any underwear and when she pulled her pants off Heidi and I came face to face with her shaved, glistening pussy. Her lubrication was all over her upper thighs and spread across her puffy pussy. Her lips were totally flared open with arousal and her clitoris stood at full attention.
The best way to describe her pussy was angry. Her clitoris was bright red and looked frustrated and desperate to be appeased. Natalie kind of stood at attention while Heidi and I looked her up and down and took in her ample figure.
Heidi took me by the arm and stood me up. She began walking me to the bedroom. Natalie started to follow but Heidi turned around and sternly commanded, "Stay here."
Once we were in our room she whispered to me, "Sorry Nate, I got so caught up in the heat of the moment that I didn't stop to think whether or not you are comfortable with this. If you don't want to fuck Natalie, you totally don't have to."
Heidi seemed to have a wild glint in her eye. I kurtly responded, "I mean, do you want me to fuck Natalie?"
Heidi sighed and looked at the ground before looking back at me and answering, "I know, I'm sorry. I know it doesn't make a lot of sense. I am as surprised as you are right now but all I know is I am more turned on than I have ever been. I love Natalie and I really do want her to be happy, but also, for some strange reason, having this control over her and being able to show off the incredible sex we have to someone.... Just here, feel."
Heidi then grabbed my hand and guided my finger into her. Her insides were red hot and I had never felt her be so wet. Her nectar just dripped down my hand and started to run onto my wrist.
I took a beat before I looked Heidi straight in the eye.
"You are sure you want to do this?"
She just bit her lip and nodded yes.
"And you are sure you won't regret it?"
Again, she nodded yes.
I paused for a moment to think it through one more time. "Then here is the deal, I will have sex with Natalie, but only if you help me. After all of this time being sexually unsatisfied, Let's work together to give Natalie the best orgasm of all time."
Heidi shrieked in joy, threw her arms around my neck and covered my face in kisses.
After a moment, we heard our bedroom slowly creak open. Natalie's head poked around the corner. "So... uh... should I put my clothes back on or..."
Without missing a beat, Heidi ran up to Natalie, grabbed her by the shoulders and threw her on the bed. Heidi jumped on top of her, straddling her, and shoved her tongue in Natalie's mouth. Natalie seemed surprised by the surprise lesbianage but didn't seem disappointed.
Heidi came up for air and commanded, "Start eating her out Nate."
I slid up, spread her legs, and took a big lick. In response, I heard a muffled yelp from Natalie from inside of Heidi's mouth.
I set to work. I gave Natalie the same treatment she had witnessed just moments before in the front room. From Natalie's writhing, it was obvious that it was exactly what she was looking for.
I glanced up from my ministrations to see Heidi mashing her more petite breasts into Natalie's more ample bosom. Watching their nipples pancake together released a small spurt of precum from my dick which dribbled onto the ground. I then moved my eyes up from between Heidi's legs to her dripping hole. A strand of grool had descended out of her vagina and had attached itself to Natalie's belly.
This gave me an idea. I grabbed Heidi's ass and pulled it down until her pussy rested on Natalie's. I then proceeded to lick from the base of Natalie's pussy, to her clit, up to Heidi's clit and then into Heidi's hole. After a few journey's of my tongue up and down in this manner, Heidi erupted in a fitful orgasm, mashing her dripping cunt into Natalie's. Natalie seemed to be enjoying herself, but had not joined Heidi in climaxing.
I was honestly surprised that my oral tricks didn't work on Natalie, they worked every time for Heidi. Undeterred, I decided to switch things up. I moved onto the bed and instructed Natalie to mount me in cowgirl position.
Before we proceeded, we both looked at Heidi again to make sure she was still feeling good. Heidi bit her lip again and nodded checking out Natalie's body and then my dripping cock. With the green light, Natalie, excitedly and cautiously began to mount me. She yelped a little when she first inserted my penis into her, but as it continued to fill her up she began to purr.
I looked over to check on Heidi again only to see that she was watching intently and had started touching herself. She was even soaking her fingers in her juices and rubbing her copious lubricant on her nipples and twisting them back and forth. Natalie started to move up and down on my cock and my confidence grew that this would be the position she would be able to come in.
Natalie's body quivered and I felt her lubrication drip down from her pussy over my balls. I switched my focus to look at Heidi to see her ramping up her intensity as she slid her fingers over her hardened nipples. I suggested she eat out Natalie while she rode me but Heidi declined, saying she wasn't comfortable with that.
After thinking for a moment, I recommend she help work on Natalie's nipples. I had Natalie lean forward to improve Heidi's access and so that I could take over the thrusting for Natalie. Heidi then moved into position with her sex hanging right above my face. It was an erotic site to say the least.
When I looked up I saw Heidi's gushing pussy over my head with her still furiously masturbating over my face. I also saw my wife's tongue exploring Natalie's ample bosom and sucking on her nipples. To this day, I don't know how I found the focus to not bust my nut right inside of Natalie at that moment.
As I started pumping more forcefully into Natalie, I could hear her getting closer. Heidi was also adding her moans to Natalie's which was getting all three of us worked up. I ordered Heidi to place her pussy over my face so that I could eat her out simultaneously. I increased my tempo on Natalie, while I licked Heidi furiously.
The girls' moans began to synchronize as we ramped up to the main event. Heidi was no more licking Natalie's nipples, instead they just mashed their bodies together and closed their eyes to focus on their rising orgasms. I felt Natalie's pussy tighten around my dick and felt Heidi nearing an orgasm in my mouth. Suddenly and nearly synchronized, they each let out a howl and their bodys convulsed in waves of ecstasy.
I didn't feel right cumming in Natalie so I held onto my orgasm with all of the focus and will I could muster.
After their orgasms subsided, Natalie collapsed onto my chest. I slowly and carefully, removed her from my sensitive and very full penis. Heidi had collapsed on the bed, just above my head. I reached over to her and asked her if she had the strength to go one more time. She looked up at me with a grin and vigorously nodded.
I picked her up by the hips and squared off in doggy style. Natalie sat up and started petting her pussy in anticipation of what would come next. My dick was was rock hard and throbbing. I worried that as soon as my penis hit my wife's pussy it would erupt, and that fear was warranted.
I thrusted in, and after two or three pumps I exploded inside of her. My orgasms seemed to last forever and afterwards I collapsed on the bed while my seed spilled out of Heidi. I don't think it was the climactic ending any of us were hoping for but I felt proud of myself all the same for keeping it together for that long.
Heidi looked over to Natalie who was still touching herself despite my pitiful finale.
"I still don't feel finished, do you?" Heidi asked Natalie.
"Not even close," Natalie replied as they crawled towards each other.