Disclaimer
This is a work of fiction. Any resemblance to any person living or dead is purely coincidental.
All fictional characters participating in any fictional sexual activity are 18 years of age or older.
This story will span several chapters and will eventually involve wife swapping, cheating, and incest themes. Be warned.
I have no editor, so all grammar errors are mine, and I apologize in advance. If you want to be an editor, let me know.
MMMMMMF, MF, FF, Orgy, Swinging, Wife, bdsm, Exhibitionism, Voyeur, Incest Themes
*
When I was a eighteen, just beginning to grasp the basic concept of sex, I benefited from being shown the ropes by an older woman. I didn't have the fumbling, blind-leading-the-blind experience many young people endured, rather, I was shown what a woman wants and how to give it to her. It was a woman who lived on our street and for whom I worked mowing her lawn every other weekend. She wasn't as old as my mother, but she was old enough that I didn't see her as a potential girlfriend. In fact, it took direct action on her part to clue me in on her interest in me. I was rather naive about girls back then, having not yet mastered the art of flirting, and more important, reading flirts.
Perhaps that was why Shelly loved sex with me so much. Maybe I'm just being conceited, or arrogant, but I always did my best to satisfy her. At least until that first orgy where she saw more possibilities than I could offer. I didn't read her correctly then and I paid the price. Perhaps I was still inept at reading women, even after all these years. After she left, I found myself adrift. I made my way through a string of days focusing on taking care of my boys and keeping the roof over our heads. I told them their mother had found a better place to live and that she wasn't coming back. It might have been cruel to set her up for their wrath like that, but I had no intention of forgiving her even if she did want to come back. I did avoid bad-mouthing her though. I never did like it when divorced couples tried to turn their kids against their ex, and I swore I would never do that. I figured the boys would form their own opinions about her when their mother didn't come back. And she didn't.
Both of my sons grew up, graduated high school, went to college, and started living their own lives. Russel, my youngest, joined the military and is currently serving in a top-secret location. I get emails from him from time to time, and when he can, he comes home. Junior is a successful attorney who loves his wife and kids. And he would hate me if he ever found out that I just fucked his daughter at an orgy full of people young enough to be my grandchildren.
I dragged Raine out of the room full of naked bodies still writhing in sexual bliss. "Where are your clothes? We've got to go."
"Come on, don't be like that," Shelby said trying to stop me. "It was just sex."
"You don't know me, Shelby," I snapped. I couldn't tell her who Raine was to me. I couldn't admit it to myself. "You don't understand."
"Grampa, wait," Raine said as she pulled away from my grip. Why was she calling me that out loud? Didn't she understand what could happen if anyone heard her? She went to a chair that was laden with all sorts of clothing and pulled a LBD out and slipped it on. "We don't have to go..."
"Yes, we do. I'm taking you home and we have to figure out what to do about this," I said before lowering my voice to a harsh whisper. "And don't call me Grampa."
"Do about what?" Shelby wouldn't leave. She stood there, still naked and dripping, with her hands on her hips. "Where are you going?"
When Raine had retrieved her shoes and I had my slacks on and my shirt and shoes in my hand, I directed her outside, brushing past Shelby on the way. We made it to the middle of the driveway before I remembered I didn't drive here. "Shit!"
"What is it?" She grabbed me for balance as she struggled to get her shoe on.
"I don't have my car. How did you get here?"
"Mom dropped me off earlier. Before the party."
"I thought you were going to Sally's?"
"This is Sally's. She's the tall redhead."
The tall girl I fisted earlier. Shit. What on Earth? High school kids hosting orgies? What was this world coming to? And where have I been all this time? And how old was Sally? Oh, right. This was her eighteenth birthday party. A long way from pin the tail on the donkey.
"Hey," Shelby came out of the house in her purple dress, hanging haphazardly from her shoulders, the zipper still down. She made her way over to us barefoot, her breasts bobbing with each step. "Don't go. Come back inside."
"Shelby, I need to go." I hated having to ask this, but I couldn't see another way out, without calling an Uber or something. "Would you please take me back to my car?"
"Fuck no." She cocked her hip and crossed her arms. "You're coming back inside and fucking me some more. I brought you here for a reason. I'm not done yet." The look on her face was at the same time playful and annoyed. She really didn't understand why I would want to leave, and I couldn't tell her that I just fucked my granddaughter twice. How could anyone understand that? I sure didn't. And she also didn't seem puzzled that I was trying to leave with Raine. She couldn't know that we're related. Could she?
"Fine. We'll walk. It's not so far. Come on Raine."
"Why does she have to leave? Why leave at all? This is a party. What goes on here stays here. No one cares how old you are. I thought they proved that. You made Sally and Veronica very happy in there. Me too. And Raine. Right, Raine?"
Raine looked like an informant testifying on a mob boss. Her eyes glanced from Shelby to me as she tried to figure out her answer. "Uhm, Aun...I mean... I don't...I..."
"Spit it out girl!" Shelby's annoyance flared. "Tell him how much you enjoyed fucking him. I know I did."
"But..." She looked at me and I could see what she wanted to say. She did enjoy it. She loved having my cock fill her pussy and ass. She loved swapping my cum with other people. It was almost funny that she was so much like her grandma, even though she wasn't blood related to her and, as far as I knew, never met her until recently.
"Fine," I said. "Stay here. But we have to have a talk about this," I said. "I'm going home. I can't deal with this right now. Not like this." I turned to Shelby. "I..." My mind went blank. "I had a great time. I just wasn't prepared...for this..." I couldn't think of anything else to say. "I've got to go. Thanks." Thanks? That's the best I could come up with? I just fucked the shit out of this young beautiful woman and all I could think of was "thanks?"
I turned on my heal and started walking. Fortunately, the pub was on the way home, so I wouldn't have to walk all the way.
"Grampa, wait!" Raine hollered behind me.
"No," I heard Shelby say. "Let him go, Raine. It isn't the time."
As I walked, my mind mulled over the events of the evening. How Shelby came on to me. How she blew me in the parking lot. How she introduced me to the orgy. How Shelby didn't seem at all phased that Raine called me Grampa. How Shelby knew Raine in the first place. And what did she mean by 'it isn't the time'? It was almost surreal. Things like that don't just happen. Do they? Not in my experience. By the time I got to my car, I had come up with no great epiphanies. The pub had closed, so mine was the only vehicle in the lot. I drove home listening to classical music to try to calm my nerves. It usually helped clear my mind, and, by the time I got home, I did feel better. I showered, dried myself, and hit the bed naked. The exertion of fucking four young women took its toll on me and I was out for the count fairly quickly.
The warmth struck me first. I was very warm, just a hair above pleasant, but still comfortable. It was almost hot, but pleasurably so, like being wrapped in a blanket fresh from the dryer. But I wasn't dry. I was hot and moist. I felt the moisture all over, like sweat. But again, it wasn't unpleasant. It was not like the sweat of mowing the lawn on a hot summer day. It was like the sweat of playing a pickup game on the court. The exhilaration of exertion, the joy of triumph, and the sweat of success.
The next sensation was more pronounced. I throbbed. My whole body thrummed like I was standing too close to a speaker at a rock concert. It moved my whole being. And it felt good. No, it felt wonderful. Every nerve was firing. Every inch of my body seemed alive with electricity.
And it all flowed from my cock.
My cock was hard, long, and pulsing. It rose from my crotch like a redwood tree, jerking in time with the pulsing I was feeling, which I realized was my heartbeat. The head was huge, purple, and oozing precum like a leaking faucet. I had no hands to stroke myself. I didn't have any arms either. It was like I was nothing but a jutting hard-on, leaking precum all over the place.
Suddenly, there were hands on me. I could feel them stroking the shaft with light touches, almost tickling, like butterfly wings dancing on me. I was on my back, looking up at this impossibly large penis towering over me like a monolith while several hands reached around and touched it, rubbed it, and stroked it driving me to greater heights of pleasure and frustration.
Then I felt something enveloping the head, a searing heat several times greater than the warmth I had been feeling traveled down my cock like running lava. I saw the fleshy lips of a beautiful meaty pussy wrapping around my cock as it slid slowly toward the base. The clit was protruding from its hood and seemed to throb in time with my cock as it slid down the shaft. Gushes of pussy juice dribbled down with it.
The pleasure rose as the pussy fell, surrounding the whole of my cock in wet heat before grinding on my hips. The wet sloshing sounds as the lips opened and closed were timed with a rhythmic squeezing of my cock buried inside. I couldn't hold back, and I felt the cum building from deep within me. I wanted to see whose pussy was making me feel so wonderful. I needed to connect a person to the sensations, but all I could see was the sex. The wet, squeezing, burning sex that surrounded all of me. I wasn't attached to the cock. I was the cock. I was inside the dark, hot, pleasure center, every inch of me alive with ecstasy. All I wanted to do was explode in passion, but all I could do was feel the sensations, revel in the torturous pleasure, and yearn for the release that I desperately craved.
I felt myself swell, felt the little head fill, and felt myself begin to jerk. But then, I was denied. The walls around me squeezed tight, forcing the blood out of me, and staving off the orgasm I so needed. Once I was no longer on the precipice of cumming, the pussy left me. I was wet and exposed to the air, but only for a short time.
Almost immediately, a different pussy settled along the large bulge of the urethra, dripping more juices as it slid along my shaft. These lips were not as voluminous as the last, but the clit was larger, and it was even wetter, if that was possible. The pussy lips kissed my shaft as they slid to and fro, and I could feel my waning orgasm start to build again. Again, the action stopped, and I was squeezed until the urge faded.
Next, a large tongue began licking me, from my head to my base, swirling around the crown before being joined by wonderfully full lips, which planted wet kisses up and down my length. Then another pair of lips joined in. And another. Before long, dozens of lips were kissing, biting, licking and sucking me all at once. There were no bodies. No faces. Nothing to identify them. Just beautiful, hot, wet lips trying to draw my cum from me.
I succumbed. Thick, white cum erupted from my head, arcing several feet in the air, hovering as if weightless before raining down all over. The cum never stopped. It continued, first as pulses, then as a continuous flow, like a fountain spewing the thick white cream. I felt the release. I felt the pleasure. I felt the draining. I was shrinking as the cum began to dwindle. The liquid was pooling around as I continued to diminish until I was limp. It was then that I found myself as a whole person again. I was in bed. I was tired. And I was wet.
I woke up to damp sheets and a sticky crotch. I blinked my eyes open, surprised by the sunlight filtering in through the slates of the blinds. I lifted my head and was awash with a pounding headache. I didn't remember drinking enough last night to warrant such a hangover. Before I could try sitting up again, I felt something pulling on my dick. I also felt my hips were pinned down under someone's weight.
I looked down surprised to see two heads of hair hovering over my crotch. My eyes refused to focus, forcing me to blink several times. Dishwater blond hair spilled over my belly as the head to my right moved up and down, dragging a tongue over my semi-rigid shaft. A dark-hued head was hovering over my left side, the lips wrapped around the head of my cock making small sucking kisses, as if trying to get the very last of my fluids.
"Wha..." I croaked. My mouth was dry, and my tongue refused to work right.
The blonde turned her head, her lips smeared and shiny with what I could only assume was my cum. My granddaughter's eyes were bright and vibrant. "Hey Grampa. Good morning."
"Hey," the other girl said. Shelby turned to face me after the head of my cock popped free of the suction of her lips. "Just as yummy as you were last night, Daddy." There was that pet name again. This girl had serious issues. I couldn't say anything about it, however. My little head was totally in control.
My mind was still foggy, having just woken up, but also feeling muddled like I had really tied one on last night. But I don't remember drinking that much. "How'd you get here? Why are you here?"
"I used my key," Raine said. "I hope you don't mind. You always said we could just come in any time we wanted."
That is true, I did tell all my grandchildren they could come into my home anytime, but never in my mind did I envision one of them coming naked into my bed. Shelby and Raine were taking turns licking and sucking on me as the other talked.
Shelby smiled at my confusion. "And since you left so early last night, we thought we'd come over and finish our party."
How could they think this would be okay? The memories of the wanton sex I had at last night's party ran through my mind, including the fantastic feeling of Shelby riding my cock, the feeling of fucking Sally with my hand, all the sensations of touching and licking and eating...up until I remembered when the ass I came in belonged to my eighteen-year-old granddaughter, Raine.
"Sweetie, we can't keep doing this. It's not right."
"How is it not right?" Raine looked perplexed. "We both enjoyed it. Hell, we both wanted it."
"Because it isn't." I didn't want to admit our relationship in front of Shelby, although she probably already knew it.
"Because you're my grampa?"
There. She said it. Shit. "Well, yeah. Because of that. And that you're so young."
"Hell, that doesn't mean anything," Shelby offered. "Besides, it's not like she's blood related. She's your step-granddaughter, after all."
"Right," Raine agreed.
They were right, not that it would make any difference to my son, or anyone else who knew us. A 52-year-old man having sex with an 18-year-old member of the family is not looked upon favorably.
"And besides, your cock seems to like the idea," Raine said resuming her lollipop treatment on my continuing erection. "You just came, and you haven't gone soft," she said between licks. "I think you like the idea. At least this part of you does."
She wasn't wrong. I could feel the blood pulsing through my cock as she caressed it. "Raine..." I groaned.
"Just let her have her fun," Shelby said as she slinked her lithe body up to me, dragging her erect nipples through my chest hair. "That's what sex is supposed to be about anyway. Feeling good. And you make us feel real good, Daddy."
"Listen, Shelby," I began, "about that. I'm not entirely sure I like you calling me that."
She picked her head up and looked at me like I had said the most ridiculous thing in the world. "I mean, I understand calling it out in the heat of a moment, but..."
"But what?"
"Well, I mean, it's not like I actually....I mean, I'm not..." Raine slid her head to the base, and I felt my cock slip easily into her throat. I dropped my head to the pillow and closed my eyes to savor the sensation.
Shelby sucked my balls before asking, "Not what?"
I couldn't think clearly. I opened my eyes to see Shelby's pert breasts sway in front of me while Raine was driving me closer to an orgasm. "I...I'm" I struggled to hold the thought. "I'm not your daddy."
I heard her giggle. Raine let my cock slip from her mouth, and I felt it hit my belly. Then I heard her giggle. I looked down as the girls began to titter and giggle more. Clearly, I was not in on the joke. "What?"
"Well, actually," Shelby said after she got control of herself, "you are." I felt her hand wrap around the shaft of my cock and give it a loving squeeze.
"What?"
"You are my daddy." This brought another round of laughter from both girls. "Shelly is my mom."
"Grampa," Raine said when she could talk again. "Allow me to introduce my Aunt Shelby."
I hadn't even finished hearing her words when she gobbled my cock up in her mouth again, keeping her eyes on mine the whole time as Shelby swung her leg over mine. Raine backed off my cock with a loud slurp and angled the head down toward Shelby's advancing pussy. Before I could understand what Shelby and Raine were saying, Shelby had sunk down onto my cock all the way. I could feel the head touch her cervix as she began a slow, languid rocking motion on my hips. My little head didn't care whose pussy it was plumbing.
"Hi, Daddy," Shelby said as she moved, dropping her head so her mouth was caressing my ear as she breathed. "So pleased to meet you."
"Daddy." I hadn't heard that word for a long time. After Junior passed his bar exam and Rusty went off to college, I was all alone in the house. I had spent several years devoting my time and attention to raising my children to be responsible, conscientious young men. I knew I would always be a father, but my time as a daddy was long over. I would never marry again, Shelly had ruined the concept of marriage for me, so I was blissfully single, and I even toyed with the idea of getting a vasectomy so there would be no accidents ruining that future. I did occasionally look back and remember Shelly's and my plan. We had always wanted three kids, and we hoped one of them would be a daughter. Well, Shelly hoped. I had my doubts about raising a girl, and as luck would have it, I never had to worry about it. Shelly left me with two strapping boys and no estrogen-related problems.
Having two sons does have its challenges, though. They fought constantly. They both went through their slob phases consecutively, meaning my house was a wreck for several years as I tried to get them to clean up after themselves. But they were good boys, and despite their slut of a mother, they treated women with respect. Probably more than I did. They both had several girlfriends, but never more than one at a time, while I never stayed with a woman for more than three or four dates, and I had two dates on the same day on more than one occasion.
I'm sure a psychologist would have a field day with me.
I think I was a good role model for my sons, but I know I would have been a bad father for a girl. I just couldn't get passed the physical thing. Women excite me. Case in point, my granddaughter was naked in my bed with me and another girl who claimed to be my daughter who had my cock balls-deep in her pussy.
Raine was sucking on my right nipple while Shelby rode me. I hadn't moved since Shelby last said 'Hello Daddy'; she was doing all the work to keep me hard and keep my cum at a low boil. Part of my brain wanted to scream and stop them. To tell them that this was wrong. That I don't have a daughter. That I've never had a daughter. That God wouldn't give me a daughter. That I would screw up a daughter.
But that was just what I was doing. Screwing up a daughter.
"Wait, girls. Wait," I managed to say when my big head finally reasserted itself. "Stop for a moment. I need to think."
I grabbed Shelby by the hips and lifted her off me. She didn't want me to, but she was so petite, it was easy to pick her up. I placed her on the bed and rolled off the mattress until I could stand. My shiny, slick dick was still jutting out as if yearning to be reseated inside one of them.
Shelby slid up until she was reclining on my pillows. Her smoky eyes peered at me from beneath her damp bangs. Her skin flushed and glistening, her nipples dark and fully erect, and her legs bent at the knees and spread wide, revealing a beautiful pussy that was invitingly open, fiery red, and dripping wet, with a pink clit peeking out from its hood.
"What do you need to think about?" Her eyes were dark and full of passion, beckoning me, daring me, exciting me.
My brain refused to function. The little brain, however, seemed to have a plan in place and was urging me to follow it. I looked at her face again, challenged by her temptation. I saw the wanton lust. I saw the beauty. And I saw the playful smirk. The same playful smirk I fell in love with more than 35 years ago. "Shelby," I began as the realization washed over me like a chilling breeze, cooling my passion and allowing my rational brain to function again, "you're telling me that you're Shelly's daughter? My ex-wife Shelly?"
"That's dear ol' momma!" She broke into a smile that hit me square in the chest, forcing the air from my lungs.
My chest tightened and breathing became a chore. "But that's impossible. Shelly and I never had a daughter. When she left, she wasn't pregnant."
"Well, actually, it seems she was. In fact, I ruined her film career. She only got to do a couple of movies before she found out about me." Shelby's smile faded. "She never let me forget that, either."
No. This couldn't be right. I don't have a daughter. Shelly wouldn't keep something like this from me. "And she told you I am your father?"
"Well, not in so many words. It's a sore subject with her. She doesn't like to talk about you much. But really, that's not my tale to tell. You should ask her."
Is this why Shelly moved back? To get me to acknowledge her child? But why now, more than 20 years later? There's no way the Shelly I know would keep my child from me. She knew how much my children mean to me. But then again, perhaps that's why. She knew that if I knew about a child, I would ruin her chance at whatever sex-oriented career she wanted.
"Look, Dad," she emphasized the word, "I know this is a lot to take in, but it's really no big deal. All I want is to have some fun. To feel good, and to live life. That's all."
"Shelby, there's a whole lot more to life than fun."
Evidently, that was the wrong thing to say. Her eyes stormed over, and she quickly rolled off the opposite side of the bed and began gathering her discarded clothes. Raine didn't move, but kept looking from Shelby to me as if trying to figure out where to go. "Listen up," Shelby all but yelled, "I didn't come here to be parented, all right? I don't need anyone telling me how to live my life, especially you." She pulled her shirt over her head and tried to straighten it up, but it was inside out and backwards. "I didn't ask to come to this city. I didn't ask to be taken away from my home. I didn't ask to be part of this family." She was wrestling with her denim skirt, but the zipper wasn't cooperating. "I don't know why I thought you'd be any different. You were so cool on the videos, I figured, 'hey, he's hot and has an open mind. He'd get me.' But it looks like the joke's on me."
Tears streamed down her cheeks as she tried unsuccessfully to fasten her skirt. I could only stand there and watch her struggle. My brain had locked up and I was not capable of coherent thought. I had no words to comfort her, to question her, or to even answer her.
"Shelby, wait," Raine said, finally getting off the bed, and resting a hand on Shelby's shoulder. "Don't go like this. We can work it out."
"What's there to work out?" She wiped a tear with her wrist. "He doesn't want a daughter. I don't want a father. Everything is just as it should be." She drew a choked breath. "I've gotta get out of here. I'll catch you later, Raine." She didn't even look at me as she left the room.
"Raine," I finally said, "you'd better go with her. I don't think she should be alone right now."
"Yeah, you're probably right." She began dressing.
"And Raine," I paused a moment, "we need to have a talk about what happened last night. But not now." She looked at me like a child being told a spanking was coming, but continued dressing. "No, don't worry. I'm not mad, or anything. But we have a lot to talk about."
I watched her run out the door, but she came right back in. "She's already gone. I came here with her, so I don't have a car."
Damn it! What was happening? How had my life taken such a left turn? Things were ticking along just fine only two weeks ago. Now, I find out I have a daughter, but not only that, I fucked my daughter and my granddaughter in an orgy! Now, I have alienated a daughter I didn't even know I had ten minutes ago.
"Finish getting dressed. I'm taking you home. I have to talk to Junior."
Raine's eyes grew wide. "Don't..."
"Don't worry. I'm not saying anything about this. I have to talk to him about Shelly. And Shelby."
The drive over was quiet. I had nothing to say, and Raine seemed too afraid to say anything. It was a short drive since he lived in the same neighborhood.
Junior's house was quiet when I arrived since it was still early on a Sunday morning. Raine went directly to her bathroom to clean up and change as I made my way to the kitchen to get some coffee. The Keurig hadn't even finished gurgling when Junior made his appearance.
"Hey, Pops," he said with a yawn. "What brings you by so early?"
"Your mom," I said without thinking about it. It wasn't the way I planned on broaching the subject, but it's what came out of my mouth.
Junior blinked at me, but then his face changed.. He had that lawyer type poker face that I'd seen him use in court when he was trying to sell opposing counsel a bill of goods. "Mom brought you? Is she here?"
"She didn't drive me here, no. You know what I mean. You've been talking to her for a while now."
He held his expression for a moment more until I arched my eyebrow. "How'd you find out she was back in town?"
"I saw her at the Dollar General," I said. It wasn't a lie. I just didn't want to get Raine into trouble for breaking a confidence.
He sighed and took the coffee cup from under the Keurig spout. I replaced it and popped another pod in before pushing the button. Junior added his cream and sugar in silence while I waited for my cup to brew. He was clearly trying to figure out how much to tell me and, from the expression on his face, struggling to do it. He leaned against the counter and absently stirred his coffee.
"She didn't want you to know she was in town."
"I get that. I really didn't want to know that either. I actually didn't want her to be back in town. But that isn't the issue."
"Look, Pops, she's having some issues and needs some help. That's all."
"Issues? Shelly has nothing but issues. Look, I never told you about why she left to spare you."
He interrupted me. "She told me."
I clapped my mouth shut and fixed a stare on him. "She told you what?"
He took a deep breath and turned to face me. "About her porn career. And about how you reacted to it. And what led to it."
I was gobsmacked. I did not expect Shelly to be so forthright when she discussed our past. "Well...uhm...how...how did..."
"It was a bit of a shock, I'll admit. It's not every day you find out your mother was a porn star. But that wasn't the most surprising revelation."
"Shelby?"
Now his face dropped, and his eyes widened. "How do you know Shelby?"
His reaction seemed to confirm that Shelby was indeed Shelly's daughter. "I met her last night." I wasn't about to explain the specifics of our meeting or what happened after. "She told me who she was and that she is under the impression I am her father."
He furrowed his brow. "You don't believe her?"
"I don't think Shelly would have kept something like this from me for over twenty years."
"Well, I don't know about that. But Mom did introduce her as my sister."
"Funny she didn't think to introduce us as well."
"She knows you hate her. Why would she set herself up for that kind of situation?"
"If--and this is a huge 'if'--Shelby is my daughter, and I don't think she is, then I have a right to know about her. To be a part of her life."
"Oh, but Mom doesn't get to be a part of my life? Or Rusty's"
His reaction ignited a fire in my gut that burned all the way to my collar. "I never denied her anything." I couldn't keep my voice from rising. "She was the one who left, remember? She never wanted to be a part of your life."
Junior grimaced and I regretted saying something so hurtful, even if it was true. "So you're saying that if she had come to you and asked to see us, you would have let her?"
His eyes searched mine and probably saw the answer there. I wouldn't have. Especially if she was still in the industry. I shrugged. "We'll never know that now. Besides, it never came up, because she never came back until now. For whatever reason."
Junior paused to sip his coffee. We both needed a moment to calm down. "She's having some difficulties. Financial and legal problems. She'd been keeping tabs on us. Rusty and me. She knew I'm an attorney. She wanted my help."
"You're not giving her money, are you? That woman did nothing to support you..."
"If I am, then it is between me and her and not your business." He leveled a hard look at me. I recognized it. I had used it against him and his brother often enough when he was growing up. It was disconcerting to be on the receiving end of it.
"Dad, I love you. I know you did your best to raise Rusty and me by yourself. And I'm aware that Mom wasn't there for us growing up. I know all that. But she's here now and she needs me. The least I can do is be here for her."
I was both angry at his defiance and proud of his compassion. I had to remind myself that he did not have the same relationship with her that I did. He has his own issues with her to overcome, but if he can find it in his heart to forgive her abandoning him, good for him. He definitely was turning into a better man than I've been.
The front door opened and closed, and I turned to see Shelby enter the room. She had cleaned up and dressed more like a teenager than a sexpot with her hair in a loose ponytail and no makeup on her cheeks. When she saw me with Junior, she stopped and backed up a step. Anger flashed in her eye, then defiance, then fear, all in a matter of seconds. I could only imagine what she was thinking. Was I going to tell Junior about our tryst? Was I going to make trouble for her? Good questions to be sure, but nothing I was even contemplating. I didn't know how to let her know she had nothing to worry about.
"Shelby," a voice behind her cried. "What are you doing? You almost made me drop..." Shelly appeared behind her and when she saw me, she stopped in mid-sentence.
Junior finished his coffee and set his mug on the counter as we all just stared at each other. "So, I guess today is just walk into my house unannounced day. Doesn't anyone remember how to use a doorbell?"
"Uhm..." Shelly's mouth opened and closed several times as her eyes flicked between Junior and me.
"Mom," Junior said with a smile. "Good morning. And Good morning to you, too. Shelby." Junior stepped forward and pulled Shelby into a hug before doing the same with his mother.
"I, uh..."
"We knew this day would happen sooner or later, so we might as well push through and get past it. I believe you two know each other and no introductions are needed?"
Shelly grimaced and cleared her throat. "Randy."
"Shelly."
She put her hand on Shelby's shoulder and continued. "This is my daughter, Shelby."
"We've, uh, we've met."
Shelly flashed an angry, silent question at Shelby.
"I, uh, I met him at the bar." Shelby wouldn't look at me or her mother.
Shelly continued to bore a hole into Shelby with her eyes. Evidently, this was a sore point between the two of them. "We will discuss this when we get home, young lady."
Shelby's tsk and eye roll were legendary and prototypical for a teenager. "It was no big deal..."
"I said later," Shelly said in a manner that left no room for debate.
Junior watched the interchange, his face telling his confusion. "So, mom, what brings you by so early?"
Shelly blinked, shook her head, and put on a congenial smile. "Well, it seems Raine left something in Shelby's car last night, so I thought we'd return it on our way to run errands this morning."
Junior furrowed his brow as he wrangled the information. "I thought Raine went to Sally's party last night."
"Oh, she did. So did Shelby."
Junior's confusion worsened. "I didn't figure Shelby would know Sally. You know, since she's not in Raine's or Sally's high school class."
"I met her last night. Raine invited me to the party."
Now I was as confused as Junior. It seemed that Shelby was intimately familiar with the party goers, given how many of them she enjoyed last night. Then again, I enjoyed several and had not met them before either. I flashed back to the party and Sally being spread wide open before me, her pussy yawing open like the Grand Canyon. These young people seem to have taken swinging to a whole new level, way above what Shelly and I experienced twenty years ago.
"She needed a ride since she and Ryan, you know, broke up," Shelby said by way of clarification.
"Oh," Junior said nodding. "Okay. That makes sense."
"Hey, guys," Raine said as she entered the kitchen. Her hair was plastered to her head, and she was wearing a damp shirt clinging to her every curve telling me she just got out of the shower. "What's going on? Oh!" She noticed Shelly standing behind Shelby. "Grandma! You're here."
Everyone looked at me as though waiting for me to explode. "Yes, she is. So am I. The world is still turning."
Junior chuckled and a smile grew on Shelly's face. "Well, on that note," Junior said, "let's have some breakfast. I'll make pancakes."
We all sat around the table, joined by Lanie and the boys, and had a pleasant discussion over breakfast, mostly about Ash and Graham's school activities. Ash was thinking about joining the swim team and Raine teased him about only wanting to join because of his crush on the captain of the team.
"Brenda's a senior. You're a freshman. You don't stand a chance," Raine said with a chiding smile.
I didn't ask about Shelly's life the past twenty years, mostly because I didn't care and didn't want to seem like I did. She did talk about Shelby and her admittedly impressive academic record while she was in high school, but that was the extent of the topic of her daughter. Raine and Shelby both still looked nervous, as though worried that the details of what happened last night and this morning would come up. I simply nodded and sipped my coffee. That topic would have to be discussed at some point when we could be alone.
Junior had his cell phone in his hand after breakfast and his thumbs blurred as he tapped away on the screen. No sooner did he stop than Lanie picked up her phone. I saw a smile flicker as she glanced at Junior before she typed on her screen. With that, she shoved her phone in her pocket while Junior held onto his.
"I'll be right back," he said as he left the room.
I'd seen this happen hundreds of times over the years. Those two always used their phones to send each other private messages when in a crowd. I chided them for being rude, but they wouldn't be stopped. It's a Millennial generation thing, I guess, to use social media to communicate when only three feet apart. The only nod to the new social media I allowed on my devices was Facebook and Twitter. It was just a few moments later when my phone vibrated alerting me that one of those two accounts had an update.
The kids cleared the table and Lanie started loading the dishwasher. Shelly and Shelby took off, though Shelby did share a protracted glance with Raine as she left. Neither young woman said a word, but that look spoke volumes in a language I didn't understand. Shelly turned back as she passed the door.
"Randy, it was good to see you." She didn't quite look me in the eye, but it was a valiant effort at civility.
"Yes," I answered. "Perhaps we can do it again sometime." I didn't really want to, but it seemed inevitable, and it would have been rude to be bitter.
"Perhaps. Come on Shelby."
Shelly's daughter glanced at me as she passed, but the only communication she attempted was a head nod.
As they drove off, I pulled my phone out to see what the alert had been. It was a tweet from Junior. I only get notifications of tweets from a few people, Junior being one. When I read his tweet, my forehead wrinkled. It was a picture of Laney with her face obscured, but her body on display in a very sheer lingerie. The text of the tweet said "New video cumming on our OnlyFans. Check us out." The picture had an account HWFastLane, which I assumed was the OnlyFans account mentioned in the tweet. I did a quick search on Twitter for HWFastLane, knowing that many content producers use the same handle for their social media, and sure enough, there was a twitter account that matched. I almost followed it, but then stopped myself. I didn't want Junior or Laney to know I knew about this. At least not until I knew more about it.
"Hey, guys," I shouted back into the house. "I gotta run. Talk to you later. Junior, breakfast was great." I was in my car without waiting for a reply.
The opportunity to talk to Raine never presented itself to me that day or the next. I was proud of myself for having spent so much time in Shelly's company without losing my temper and going off on her. The resentment was still there, simmering like a pot of water building to a boil, but it didn't boil over yet. However, even with all the negative feelings I had harbored for Shelly over the years, seeing her at Junior's was like a nail in a tire. The pressure was slowly leaking away. Perhaps I was mellowing with age.
Even if I was not as concerned about Shelly, I was more concerned about Shelby and her belief that I fathered her. Perhaps it was the non-plussed way Shelly talked about her at breakfast, but I got the impression that Shelly didn't believe Shelby was my child. That eased my stress a little.
I also resisted the temptation to look up Laney's OnlyFans site. I considered creating a new online profile to subscribe but thought better of it. I knew that at some point, I would get an opportunity to understand what was going on. It didn't take long.
That Wednesday, Junior called me in a panic. He had a deposition to attend, and he'd left a critical file at home and had no time to retrieve it. He asked if I could go to his house, log onto his computer, and email the file. Laney was out of the house and evidently forgot her cell phone, so he had no one to call to help. Of course, I agreed to swing by and help out. Being an educational consultant afforded me a lot of flexibility in my work schedule.
His house was quiet when I arrived, the kids at school and Laney out doing her thing, and I made my way to his room. The ceiling fan spun in lazy circles over the mussed bed, the covers and pillows scattered on the floor around the frame. Given the state of the sheets, it looked like Junior and Laney had some fun before he left for work this morning. For not the first time, I allowed my imagination to show me Laney in her naked glory reveling in carnal pleasure. No wonder he forgot his file.
I shook the image away and got to his computer. He'd texted me the password and I found the file in his documents in short order and emailed it to him. What I should have done at this point was log off and go home, but Junior's tweet came to mind. I pulled out my phone, but the tweet had been deleted. Perhaps he realized he posted it to his personal account instead of the FastLane account. Given his career, that kind of revelation could damage his reputation, so it was understandable he would delete the tweet. I just hope he did it before any of his clients or his partners saw it. Whatever happened, if he's posting to OnlyFans, there had to be some files on his computer. I searched. I couldn't help myself.
It didn't take long. In fact, it was way too easy. He had a folder under his Pictures library named simply XXX. The folder opened to a treasure trove of pornography the likes of which would make Larry Flint blush. Multiple folders were arranged by topic from wife sharing to threesomes to orgies. There was a folder named Laney, and I had to blink when I saw another named Raine. My eyebrows almost left my forehead and I moved the cursor over the Laney folder. I'd been wanting to see her naked since Junior introduced us so long ago.
My mouth dried and butterflies danced in my stomach and I clicked the mouse. My eyes kept glancing at the door, expecting someone to enter at any second and catch me snooping on my son's computer, but I could no more stop and close the windows than I could stop my heart from beating. My little head throbbed as the thumbnails populated in the window. Even the small icons revealed Laney's gorgeous tight body, hinting at the contents of the photos and several videos as well. The older files had date stamps going back to the year they met, when she was still in her late teens. She had already had Raine at the time, so she didn't have the perfect, tight belly and breasts she might have otherwise had, but they were delectable just the same. My cock lurched in my pants as I observed her athletic figure, laid out in several poses that mimicked what one would see in Playboy. Then the later pictures resembled more the layouts of Penthouse, with Laney showing her pussy as she pulled on her nipples. One picture depicted her spreading her narrow labia revealing the deep dark pink of her core, glistening with excitement.
The next folder would have been right out of Hustler. Laney was jamming a series of increasingly large dildoes inside her wide-open pussy, her face thrown back in ecstasy. What caught my eye was the watermark at the bottom of the image. It was her FastLane handle of her OnlyFans account. It was dated this year, so they had only been posting there recently. I opened the next folder. I was stunned. Laney was naked, sweaty, and flushed sitting on a large cock buried in her ass. I could tell from the legs extending from their coupling that cock was not Junior's. The next picture had three men surrounding Laney, offering her their turgid cocks to suck. She had one in her mouth and the other too in each hand.
I blinked as the realization became clear. Laney and Junior were swingers, too. And they filmed it! Perhaps they wouldn't react as badly as I suspected they might about Raine's video being out there, since they had their own videos out on the internet. I watched a video where Laney was submissive as two men and a woman took their turns with her, paddling her reddening ass, biting her breasts and nipples, fucking her with cocks and dildoes. Laney gave as good as she got. She feasted on the woman's pussy with the same verve with which she sucked cocks. Junior was in the video as well, handing off the video camera as he fucked the other woman while Laney enjoyed being double stuffed by the two other men.
When the video ended, I realized I had been there for almost a half hour. I needed to get out before Laney came home and discovered me. I willed my hardon away so I could think clearly and to be more comfortable as I reached into my pocket. I keep a flash drive on my key chain, so I copied Laney's folders to my drive. As Raine's folder was copying, I scanned the files within. There were not as many as her mother, owning to the fact that Laney had been doing this for more than twenty years, but there were a lot more than I suspected. I figured there would be maybe twenty or thirty selfies, but there were hundreds of files, including videos. As I was about to close the window, I saw another folder that caught my breath. The folder was named Mom and Pops. I dragged it over to the drive as well.
I had just finished copying the files and shutting down the computer when I heard the door open. I shoved the drive into my pocket and was almost to the bedroom door when I ran into Laney.
"Pops!" she cried out. "You scared the shit out of me! What are you doing here?"
"Sorry, sweetie," I said as I hugged her. "Junior called me and asked if I could email him a file from his computer that he needed for a deposition. I was just leaving."
"You? Why didn't he call me?" At that moment, her phone rang from the nightstand. "Shit! All this time, I didn't have my phone? I hope I didn't miss anything important."
While I could commiserate with her phone-separation anxiety, I was glad she left it, affording me the opportunity to make my discovery. As she walked across the room, I couldn't help but notice the sway of her hips and the bounce of her breasts. Now that I knew what her nipples looked like, I could picture them in all their glory moving as she walked. My hardon threatened to return and I needed to get away from her before my little head made me do something stupid.
"Miss a call from the President?"
Laney rolled her eyes at me as she unlocked her phone. "Hardly. But I did miss like a hundred calls from Randy," she preferred to call my son by his given name, "and like a million texts." She swiped her screen. "Hey, babe. I'm sorry. I left my phone at home. Did you get the file? Yeah? Great. No, he's still here. I don't know. I'll ask him. Okay. I'll see you tonight. Love you, too. Bye, babe."
"What was that all about?"
"Oh, he wanted to know if you're going to be here for dinner, since you've been here for so long already." She was smiling at me as though she knew what I'd been up to. Her eyes flicked to the dark computer monitor. Of course, she couldn't know, could she? Junior knew how long ago I sent the file, so he knew I'd been here a while. I'm sure she was just being cagey, but my stomach still flipped.
"Oh, well, no. I doubt it. In fact, I need to get back to my computer to finish a presentation. But if that's an invitation, we can do it this weekend."
"Okay, Pops. We can do that. Maybe we can get you and Shelly here at the same time again, since breakfast went so well this past weekend."
"Well, while Sunday was okay, let's not push things just yet. I'm not sure I'm ready to plan activities together."
"Whatever you say. But since you're both close by, it would be so much easier on the kids if we didn't have to plan around you two."
"I get that. We'll just have to play it by ear, okay?"
"Fair enough."
I love my big screen computer monitor array. I can open up to nine videos at the same time and have them all full screen on separate monitors. I did just that when I got home. Laney's orgy was on one, Raine's masturbation video was on another, and slide shows of the still pictures were playing on another two. My cock was in my hand as I watched Laney take cock after cock and Raine masturbate. There was another video of Raine and Ryan having sex, but as Raine had told me, it was not as hot because it was from the phone being propped up on the nightstand as they fucked. Ryan was a clincher, hugging Raine close as he jack-rabbited his hips against hers. I couldn't even see her breasts while they coupled.
Still, her still pictures were hot. She seemed to copy her mother in her poses. I doubt she was doing it intentionally. There are only a few poses a human body can do, so it is probably likely every woman who takes selfies uses similar poses. Raine's body was actually similar to Laney's younger self, albeit with a bit more baby fat. But it was Laney's video that buttered my bread just then. She clearly reached an orgasm while a particularly large cock was stretching her pussy and another one was sawing in and out of her throat. A red flush darkened her chest and her hips twitched as she jerked from the force of her orgasm. That drove the sperm from my balls, launching it in arcs over my belly.
With the tension that had been building since I first discovered the files on Junior's computer finally released, I was able to think clearly about that third folder I found. When I discovered Raine masturbating, she was doing it to one of the videos Shelly and I had filmed when we were married. I thought I had destroyed all the videos we had, but evidently not. When I opened the folder named Mom and Pops, I was stunned by the volume of video files inside. Shelly and I only had three tapes that I knew about, and she had two more she had filmed without me. There should only have been five videos total. Then it hit me. Junior must have found his mother's professional work. Even still, with the number of files, she must have been the most prolific porn star ever. Then I noticed the run times. The videos were all under twenty minutes, and most under ten. These were all clips, and not full-length features. The four-hour video tape of Shelly's and my first several swing parties had been broken up into smaller video segments. That made sense and explained the number of files on the drive. What it didn't explain was who digitized these files or how Raine found them.
I watched the clip of Shelly pulling her train alongside Cindy. This time I didn't feel the bitter bile pooling in my throat that I had the first time I saw it. I didn't watch the whole clip, just enough to get an idea of what was going on. Another clip featured Shelly with a well-hung black man. Her hair was shorter than I remember it being while we were together, which told me it was probably from after she left. There were several video clips, but from what I've read, producers can spend a day filming enough content for several videos. All the videos from this period had the look of digitized videotape.
The later videos were shot in HD straight to digital, but they were all several years old, according to the timestamps. The newest one was around ten years old. So, she was still shooting these videos after she had Shelby. I shook my head. Perhaps that was why Shelby had such a wild and open attitude about sex.
I also had to admit that Shelly still looked good. In her video, she was oiled up, sweaty and flushed. She had been fucked several times by several hard cocks and the fire in her eyes still wouldn't be quenched. I remembered that look when we swung together, and I remembered seeing it on Shelby's face at the party Saturday night. They were both hot women, and my cock reacted. Even though I had just rubbed one out, my erection throbbed with need. I debated jerking it again, but I heard the front door open just then, so I scooted my chair close to the desk to hide my hardon and rapidly tried to close the videos that were still playing. Raine entered my office wearing a tube dress that hugged her figure and highlighted her curves while still being modest enough for school.
"Shouldn't you be in school?" I'm sure I sounded like I was hiding something as I smoothed my shirt over my open fly.
"Senior College and Career counseling day," she said as she plopped on my love seat. "I got finished early."
"Still set on Hallstead?" Hallstead was the closest school, but one of the better ones.
She shrugged. "Dunno. Dad said that Hallstead was about to be in in some legal trouble and I might want to think about my other options." She glanced at my monitors displaying nothing but empty desktop. "Being productive?" A sly smile spread across her face and her eyes glinted. "Or did you just close some windows you didn't want me to see?"
My cock lurched under my shirt and I tried to slide further under my desk. "Well, Raine, there are some things your Grampa does that are none of your business."
"After this weekend, I'd have thought we'd have no secrets anymore."
That brought to mind all the videos I spent the morning watching and my dick got even harder. "It seems a lot of people have secrets these days," I said trying to deflect.
"What are you talking about?"
I decided to grab the bull by the horns and charge straight forward. "Care to tell me how you came upon a video of me and your Grandma having sex?"
Her eyes almost popped out of her head. "Uhm...well...I..." She fidgeted and refused to look me in the eye. "You see..."
"Spit it out. No sense prevaricating now."
"Well, Shelby...yeah, Shelby showed it to me." She offered a huge smile that said 'please believe me.'
I knew this wasn't the whole truth. Her face and body language told me there was more to it than that, but I decided to let it go for now. "First the video and then the orgy? There had to be a more subtle way of meeting me. Sounds like Shelby has been working her own agenda."
Her smile faltered a little. "Don't blame Shelby. She couldn't just walk up to you and say, 'hi Dad.'"
"No, that would have been inappropriate. Not so inappropriate as seducing the man she thinks is her father, but still." No! Don't think about how hot she was when you fucked her.
"Thinks? You don't believe her?"
"Some things don't add up. But that is a conversation for me and her mother, and not one I'm looking forward to having. Besides, that secret wasn't the one that I was referring to."
She looked chagrined, like a puppy caught in the midst of making a mess. "What do you mean?"
"You know what I mean." I didn't think she knew about her mom's OnlyFans, or about her parents' swinging activities. But she had to know about Shelby's plan. "Shelby didn't just bump into me at that bar, did she?"
Raine chewed on the inside of her cheek before answering. "I might have mentioned that you go there from time to time."
"Uh huh. And? Did you know she was planning to seduce me?"
"No! She told me she just wanted to meet you. To see what kind of man you were. I had no idea she was looking to, uh, do what she did."
"And her taking me to Sally's party?"
"I didn't know she was coming, much less that she would bring you."
As I digested her answer, another question popped to mind, and I was surprised it hadn't occurred to me before then. "Did you know Sally's party was going to be an orgy?"
"Uhm, yeah. Kinda. Sally's a bit of a freak, and her boyfriend's on the school swim team. Several of them came to the party. They're all kind of sex freaks."
The memory of all those naked young hard bodies wasn't helping reduce the throbbing in my groin. "High school sure has changed since I attended."
"No doubt," she said, as she fidgeted on the couch. "Grampa?"
"Yes, Raine?"
"Do you hate me now?"
I blinked. "No! Of course not. I could never hate you, sweetie. You know that."
"Well," she stood up and sidled up to me and put her ample yet tight ass in my lap and wrapped her arms around me. I had forgotten my pants were still open and my erect cock was hidden only by my shirt. If she noticed, she didn't say anything. "I was afraid you thought bad things about me after, you know..."
"After the party?"
"And the next morning."
My hand was on her hip, right where the curve of her waist flowed into the flair of her ass. I could feel the heat of her skin through her clothes. My heart drummed in my chest. "No sweetie. I don't hate you for any of it."
"Good. Because I enjoyed it. I mean, I really liked it. You know, being with you. Like that. Feeling you."
"Raine..." I needed to nip this in the bud. It was wrong on so many levels and could ruin my relationship with my son if he found out. But my little head was already yelling. Having watched the videos had gotten my blood pumping through my cock and my balls needed release. And they really wanted to unload inside Raine. "Look..."
Her fingers stilled my lips. "Don't say it. Please. I know you want me. I can feel it." She wiggled her delectable ass on my cock. She swung her leg over to put even more pressure on it. Now the gusset of her panties was pressing against my naked shaft, her heat searing the skin. She brought her face within inches of mine so I could feel her breath on my lips. "I want to feel more of it."
Rational thought left my brain. "Do...do...do you now?"
"Uh huh. You do too. I can feel it. You're so hard right now. You were playing with it before I got here, weren't you?" Her hand slid down between us and grabbed my exposed cock. "You were," she squealed with delight. "You had your dick out the whole time, didn't you?"
"Uh..."
"Were you thinking about me? Were you thinking about my body?" She grabbed the hem of her tube dressed and in one motion, pulled it over her head. She sat on my lap in only a thong and skimpy lace bra. "Were you thinking about these?" She cupped her mammoth breasts, her nipples poking through the lace. "Or were you remembering being inside here?" She reached down and pressed my cock against her thong, moisture seeping through the fabric, coating my skin. "You remember how I told you I'm horny all the time? Every time I'm around you, I can't help it. I leak all over myself. I've wanted you for so long. You've been teasing me for years, talking about sex, showing me your bare chest, and wearing those shorts that show off your package. Do you know how many times I've jilled off when we spend the night here?" She was grinding her clit over my cock, soaking me, and stimulating her pussy. Her other hand had been bracing herself on my chest, but soon she reached up and pulled my head between her breasts. The skin was hot, but oh so soft and pliant. I couldn't help but kiss and lick every place I could reach.
Somehow, her bra disappeared, and her nipple found its way into my mouth. I was helpless under her spell. I alternated sucking and biting her nipples, feeling each one grow more turgid on my tongue. I squeezed her breasts together to get both nipples in my mouth at the same time. She squealed when I did that. As I sucked them both, I felt wet, scalding heat slide down the length of my cock, and I knew I was inside her. I was fucking Raine again. I could feel her juices coating my balls as she rocked her hips on my hardon, grunting with each motion.
"I was so mad at Shelby," her voice a passion-filled whisper in my ear, "for making you fuck me before I knew it was you. I wanted our first time to be like this. With each of us knowing what we were doing. I wanted to know it was your cock spearing me like this. Yes!" She shuddered as an orgasm gripped her. "God! You feel so good inside of me."
I did. I felt great being inside her. It was as though I was drawing energy from her with each thrust, building inside me making me drive into her even harder. Her skin, soft and warm, flowed beneath my hands as I caressed her teen-aged body. Her muscles rippled under my fingertips with every movement, like her whole body was engaged in each tick of her hips. She was so soft and firm, I couldn't get enough of the sensation. I wanted to envelope her. My two hands were not enough. I needed to experience every inch of her simultaneously.
I stood up and carried her, still impaled on my cock, over to the love seat and lay her back on it. Her hair spilled out around her head like a halo as she looked up at me. In that moment, I didn't see the girl who'd grown up before me, the girl who I bounced on my knee, or whose tears I brushed away. I saw a sexy woman, fevered by lust, burning with passion, and craving me in a way I hadn't experienced in a long time. She pulled her knees to her shoulders, forcing her breasts together between her legs, and opening herself to me completely. With that simple movement, I felt myself delve even deeper into her core, touching her cervix. She groaned with me as we savored the sensation of our union. I had to stop myself from coming too soon, so overwhelmed was I by her heat.
When I felt more in control, I pulled my hips back and slowly sank myself again in a slow, languid rhythm, just enjoying the feeling as she gripped me with her pussy. Her breasts surged with each down stroke in a hypnotic motion that added even more fire to my furnace. For eighteen, Raine could out fuck any woman I could think of. At that moment, though, I couldn't think of any other woman. They didn't exist anymore. There was only Raine.
Her arms snaked up my back and pulled me down to her face, where our lips met with as much heat as our hips. We breathed into each other as our tongues danced together, becoming one undulating body of hot passion. I felt the pulling in my balls signaling my pending eruption. The rational part of my brain was screaming a warning about birth control, but it was drowned out by the sensations we generated, and I couldn't have stopped if I wanted to.
"It's okay, Grampa," Raine said breathlessly in my ear. "I'm on the pill. Please fill me up. I want to feel you cum inside me.
My brain didn't process what she said in that moment, but my body heard her loud and clear. Rockets of cum launched from my cock and coated her pussy. I felt my balls heave with the force of my ejaculation, and I froze buried deep inside her as I came. Once I could breathe again, my hips regained their movement and the last few shots fired as I drove back and forth. Once my first salvo hit, it ignited her orgasm and she clutched me tight to her body.
As we both recovered, my cock still erect and buried in her sodden, full cunt, I pulled back to look into her face and saw nothing but love there. It felt so good to see my feelings mirrored in her eyes. We shared an eternity just staring into each other's soul. So lost were we in the moment, that neither of us heard the door open.
"Well, hell, Daddy. You won't fuck me, but you'll fuck her?"
I turned my head to see Shelby standing in my hallway, her face a mix of anger and lust. I also noticed her nipples were straining the fabric of her shirt. I had no idea why she was there or what she was planning, but her lips curled into a slight grin as she stepped into the room. I prayed for strength.