Credit for this story concept goes to Leashed_Linguist. He is planning to write spin-offs to this story, if you are interested in further adventures with these characters.
Thank you for reading! I hope you enjoy!
...
Carol Moehn walked through the bright fall air, fingers idly playing with the silver charm bracelet on her wrist. It was a habit of hers whenever she was stressed or nervous. Meditating on her charms helped to center her and remind her of her special connection with the divine. The Ankh charm reminded her to be thankful for life, the Monad charm told her to always strive to better herself and succeed, and the Pentacle charm helped her to feel the unique connection she had with the spiritual powers of the world.
Today was a blessed day for Carol. It had been a struggle to find a place to live for the fall semester. Her previous roommate had finally gotten fed up with Carol's "freaky magic shit" late last spring and refused to room together this year. But Carol hadn't worried. Her life was firmly controlled by forces beyond human understanding. "The Divine" was what she called it. A strong, wise force tied into the very threads of the universe, and Carol knew she had a special connection to it. There was no way that Carol would be homeless in the fall. Something would come up. The Divine would see to it.
But Carol was ashamed to say that she had started to feel uneasy when it came down to just a few weeks before the fall semester and she still didn't have a living space lined up. Her parents were very supportive, but they didn't have the money to help Carol rent a solo apartment. For the most part, Carol was on her own for money in college. She depends on her scholarship to cover tuition and part-time jobs to make ends meet. So she needed a roommate, but there didn't seem to be anyone else looking who was in her price range.
She should have trusted the divine from the beginning. Just as she was beginning to lose hope, Carol received an email from the University asking for volunteers. The school needed RAs for a new program: each frat and sorority house would be hosting a university representative this year to oversee the Greek system. It was the answer to Carol's prayers. True, she didn't have much respect for frat boys and sorority girls: they were a little beneath someone as spiritually and intellectually advanced as Carol. But the program provided free housing as well as a small stipend for volunteers, which was exactly what Carol needed.
Unfortunately, Carol was running a little late to her meeting with the housing director, which was why she was nervous. She had finally reached the old brick administration building and hurried up the steps. Hopefully, they wouldn't have given this amazing position away to someone else just because she was a couple of minutes late...
...
Barney Haskell rubbed a hand across his temple, fighting a migraine. If this guy didn't show up for his meeting, they would never find someone else willing to take this horrible RA position.
The whole program had been a mess from the start. Poorly planned out, poorly funded, and deeply unpopular. The only reason the chancellor had suggested the program in the first place was the bad press that the antics of the frats had generated last year.
The position was a hard sell to potential RAs. Who would want to go live with a group of rowdy men who actively resented your presence? Tracking down enough people who were willing to give it a try had been a nightmare.
But Barney had somehow done it. He had been forced to beg, threaten, and bribe, but he had filled every single position. That was, if this last RA showed up to his meeting.
Barney was shaken out of his funk by the rap of knuckles on his open office door.
A petite young woman stood in the doorway, looking at him with an eager smile. At first glance, she seemed frumpy, even unattractive. Her long brunette hair was frizzy and pulled carelessly into a loose ponytail. She wore an oversized hoodie and baggy cargo pants, neither of which were very flattering on her. But a second look revealed that her sloppy outer appearance was covering up a natural beauty that peeked through. She had delicate facial features, pale, flawless skin, and feminine curves that her baggy clothes couldn't quite hide. THe young woman's icy blue eyes peered at Barney with cool intelligence behind her large, red-rimmed glasses. "Mr. Haskell?" she asked in a high, musical voice, "They told me that I should speak with you."
Barney glanced at the clock. Almost closing time. He hoped that this wasn't a major housing issue. He was looking forward to heading home and eating a home-cooked meal. "That's me, darling," he said with a weary smile, "Can I help you with something?"
Barney saw the young woman's eyes narrow slightly as he called her 'darling'. Oops. Based on her appearance, Barney had read her as a timid girl who needed to be babied and reassured. It looked like he had misstepped. "Well," said the woman in a frosty voice, "I certainly hope you can help me Mr. Haskell. I'm here at your request for a meeting, after all."
Barney frowned. That couldn't be right. He only had one meeting left today and it was with... His head pulsed with pain as a dark suspicion formed in his mind. "What was your name, Miss?" he asked, hoping that he was incorrect.
"Carol. Carol Moehn," she said, pulling out the guest chair and taking a seat across from him.
God fucking damn it.
Barney flipped open the folder in front of him and stared at the paperwork. It read "Carl Moehn" across the top. He didn't know how, but he was going to find the person who made this typo and strangle them. With a feeling of defeat, Barney flipped the folder closed and put his head in his hands.
"Well, Miss Moehn, I'm afraid that you won't be able to take this particular position after all. I apologize for wasting your time," he said heavily.
Carol's attitude of annoyance fell away, replaced by concern. "What? But why? Because I was a few minutes late?" she asked in a stricken voice.
Barney leaned back in his chair, running his hands through his hair as he thought. Now he would have to scramble to find a last-minute replacement. And he had long since called in all the favors he had. "No, nothing like that," he said. "There was some sort of miscommunication, Carol. This is a position in a frat house. It was supposed to be only for male applicants. I'm not sure how the fact that you're female was overlooked, but I can only apologize."
Carol's frown shifted instantly into an expression of relieved confidence. "Oh. Is that it? Well, that's not a problem. I don't mind if the position is in a frat house. I'll take the job anyway."
Barney stared at the confident young woman across from him in disbelief. There must be some sort of misunderstanding here. "The position would entail living with these frat boys," he said flatly, his eyes watching to see if his words were getting through to Carol. "Sleeping in the frat house. Spending much of your time in their company."
"Obviously," said Carol, becoming confused in turn by Barney's confusion. "I mean, that's what it said in the job description."
Maybe this girl just had a very sheltered upbringing. Barney searched for a delicate way to explain the problem. "Carol, fraternity brothers have a reputation for, at times, pursuing women aggressively. I wouldn't go so far as to say you would be unsafe... but I imagine that their persistence might be difficult to handle." That was putting it mildly, but hopefully, it would help her get the picture.
Understanding finally dawned on Carol's face. "Ohhhhh, you're worried that I'll start having sex with one of the frat boys."
"Yes, that is the concern," said Barney, relieved that he hadn't needed to spell things out more clearly.
"That won't be an issue," said Carol with smug certainty.
Barney felt his oncoming migraine pulse again. This girl was starting to get on his nerves. It was already frustrating that he would have to fill this position again, and now it seemed like this Carol girl was being deliberately obtuse. "No girl thinks that sexual tension will be an issue beforehand," he explained patiently. "Then they meet a hunky boy, and all bets are off. I'm sorry, but it's better to avoid the issue entirely by hiring a guy."
"No, I assure you, Mr. Haskell," said Carol firmly, "There is absolutely zero chance that I will want to have sex with anyone, let alone a braindead frat boy."
Barney was about to argue with her, but was stopped by the look of rock-solid certainty in Carol's eyes. "Not with anyone. Oh. So, um, you're..." he stuttered foolishly.
"I'm going to stop you before you ask me an inappropriate question, Mr. Haskell," said Carol firmly. "My sexual preferences are really none of your business. All you need to know is that no frat boy will ever be able to seduce me. Better men and women have tried. If that is the only objection, then it's unimportant. Just tell me where I need to sign."
Barney considered carefully. There were other objections of course. The image of propriety was almost as important as whether any sex would actually happen, for one. But Carol seemed like she really wanted the job. And the position would be difficult to fill if Barney refused her. Maybe most importantly, Carol was annoying him, and it was tempting to let her discover for herself what a bad idea it was for a petite, attractive young woman to live in a frat house.
Barney glanced back up at the clock. It was past quitting time. Fuck it. Barney was pretty sure that this entire ill-conceived program would be canceled in a few weeks anyway. What was the worst that could happen in that time? If Carol wanted the position that bad, he would let her have it.
He flipped the folder back open decisively, grabbing a pen.
"Well, if you're sure... sign here and here, Miss Moehn, I'll get you all the information you need about your home for the semester."
His migraine was already feeling better.
...
"A Legend dude!" crowed Scooter for the twentieth time that afternoon. "A fucking legend!" He slammed the car door with his hip, helping Tory carry another box of clothes up the walk to the frat house. Some of the other brothers were hanging out on the front steps, already cracking open their first beers of the school year in the warm fall air.
Tory dumped the box he was carrying on the porch and held a hand up. Ryan grinned and tossed him a can, cool and slick with condensation. "Did you guys hear what Tory the fucking stallion did this time?" asked Scooter, a huge dopey grin on his face. This drew knowing chuckles from the small crowd. Ryan raised his eyebrows with an impressed look on his face. "You're fucking kidding me," he said, a smile pulling up the corners of his mouth. "Kelsey Forrest? The fucking Ice Queen herself? I thought for sure that she was going to be the one that stumped you."
Tory shrugged modestly with a sheepish smile. "Well, what can I say? I haven't met a woman that can resist me yet."
It had become a bit of a game between Tory Sonberg and his frat brothers. The boys would suggest a woman who was disinterested, out of their league, or simply unavailable, and Tory would smash their expectations every time by seducing her. He had slept with a professor, a rival frat president's mom, and even a semi-famous figure skater visiting the university for a show. Even Tory himself wasn't sure why he affected women the way that he did. Maybe it was a combination of strength and apparent vulnerability in his boyish features.
"I heard that she doesn't even talk to men besides her fiance," said Bailey from the other end of the porch. "I don't think we'll be able to find a challenge tougher than Kelsey. We might have to retire your dick and raise it into the rafters."
"Oh man, I bet she came so fucking hard dude," speculated Scooter with a dreamy look on his face, "She must be so fucking horny from repressing her urges all the time." His bright curious eyes turned to Tory. "What are her tits like, man? Kelsey looks like she has great fucking tits."
Tory grimaced into his beer. "Shut the fuck up man," he said awkwardly, feeling a bit disgusted with himself and the whole situation. "Don't say shit like that."
In reality, it had been depressingly easy to sleep with Kelsey. The combination of her position as a sorority president, her long-distance relationship, and her reputation as an icy bitch made her feel pretty isolated, Tory had discovered when talking to her. Kelsey was a good person, and Tory didn't feel great about the demeaning way his brothers were talking about her.
But once he had been dared to try, Tory had no choice but to go through with seducing her. Tory had always been a little fixated on how other guys saw him. There was no getting around it: Tory Solberg was short. He told people he was 5'9', but it said 5'7' in his medical records. Some guys didn't care about height, but seeing other guys looming over him and talking down to him made Tory feel small. He hated being seen like that: it made him feel like he had to prove his masculinity to stand equal to other men. This stupid seduction game had become the main way that he proved his power and masculinity to the rest of the frat.
And it had worked better than he had ever hoped.
"To Tory the motherfucking stallion," said Scooter with a grin, holding up a beer, "Our new frat president!" The small knot of boys let out a ragged cheer and chugged.
Sometimes the seduction game felt too cold-hearted, but it had paved Tory's way to acceptance and victory. Everyone in the frat now accepted him as a man among men and a worthy choice for president.
Well, almost everybody.
Adam Ivanic strolled out the front door of the frat with his usual look of cool disdain on his face. His dark hair was swept back from his head in a style that was meant to look effortless, but Tory knew for a fact took him an hour to style every day. "Looks like the party's started without me," he said with a sardonic grin, plucking a beer from the cooler and leaning his tall, powerful body back against the wall of the porch. The other brothers greeted Adam warmly and slapped him on the back, making small talk about what everybody had done over the summer. Tory walked up and joined Adam in leaning against the wall.
"Well look who it is," said Adam with a wink. "The littlest president."
Tory bit back a retort. He and Adam had a long and tense history. Nowadays they got along just fine... on the surface. But Tory had a hard time forgetting Adam's constant jokes about his height back when they were both freshmen.
Tory also knew that Adam had campaigned hard to be elected frat president himself. Although they were supposedly good friends, Tory couldn't help but feel a sense of satisfaction over how badly he had trounced Adam in the election. Adam took a sip of his beer and inclined his head in a small bow to Tory. "I heard the news about you and Kelsey. Very impressive."
"You know how it is," said Tory lightly, "Getting women to sleep with me isn't even a challenge anymore. I guess height isn't everything, is it, beanpole?"
Adam shrugged. "I do alright," he said simply. From what Tory heard, that was an understatement. If Tory hadn't been in a league of his own, Adam would probably have the reputation as the lady's man in the frat. Word was that he had a new one-night-stand every other night.
Tory looked up as a conversation turned heated further down the porch. "It's bullshit," said Ryan, sitting back on the step with a belligerent look on his face. "I don't know what the chancellor is smoking, but if he thinks that the frats will take this lying down, he's in for a surprise." Ryan was usually one of the most even-tempered and soft-spoken of the brothers. There was only one topic that could set him off like this. The same thing that had been pissing off all the frat brothers since it had been announced at the end of last year.
Now was the time to show why they had elected Tory. This was a frat issue, and so it was Tory's to deal with. "It's not going to stand," he said decisively, trying to sound like a leader. "I've talked it over with the other presidents. It won't take long for the administration to realize how dumb the program is, and then they'll scrap the whole thing."
Scooter shook his head, his normal goofy cheerfulness souring. "But some random dude living in the house, trying to tell us what we can and can't do? Narking on us to the Chancellor? It fucking sucks man."
Tory felt the expectations of the brothers around him. Even if it was unfair, they were looking to him for a solution. Adam's cool green eyes regarded him with amusement, silently daring Tory to show what he was made of. "Well," said Tory, his mind spinning, "I guess we will just have to show our guest exactly how welcome he is. Maybe a few harmless pranks will help him understand how we feel."
The boys chuckled, and the goofy grin returned to Scooter's face. "Hell. Yes. That's why you're the leader bro!" he said enthusiastically. "I can't wait to cook up some pranks. Fucking Legend, man!" Even Adam seemed impressed at the suggestion. Tory would just have to make sure that the pranks he had just suggested didn't go too far. He was the one who would be held responsible, after all.
"Uh, Tory," said Ryan, gesturing toward the front lawn with his beer. "It looks like we've got a guest."
A girl Tory's age was standing on the front lawn, one hand on a hip, the other shading her eyes from the setting sun. She was staring at the frat house with an intense blue glare, and her lips seemed to be moving like she was speaking to herself under her breath. Tory's immediate first impression was that she was ugly. Her outfit and hair certainly weren't doing her any favors. But as he descended the steps and came closer, he saw that this girl was actually pretty hot, but didn't put much effort into her appearance. It was strange. Most women Tory knew who had this much raw beauty to work with tended to want to show it off.
"Can I help you?" he asked brusquely, approaching the girl boldly standing on the frat house lawn.
"Yeah," said the woman with a faint smile, who was about equal in height to Tory. "I'm looking for the frat president. Can you get him for me?"
"You found him," said Tory with a smile that never failed to melt icy demeanors in the women he spoke to. "Tory Sonberg, at your service," he said, holding out a hand to shake.
The young woman's eyes flicked down to his hand and then back up to Tory's face with a brief, carefully repressed look of disgust. "Carol Moehn," she said with a false smile. She didn't extend her hand. "Sorry, Terry. I don't touch strangers. Bad energy. You understand." Tory stared at her, bewildered. He certainly didn't understand. Energy? What was this weirdo talking about?
"I've got exciting news, Terry! I'm the new RA at your frat," continued the young woman with a self-satisfied grin. "I just know that we are all going to get along great."
Tory squinted at her for a silent moment. He realized she wasn't joking. Tory could feel the eyes and ears of the brothers on the porch just feet away focusing intently on the conversation. "What? They told us that they would send over a man to..."
Carol waved her hand vaguely as if clearing away unpleasant smoke. She was wearing some sort of charm bracelet that jingled with the motion. "That was the original plan, but they decided I was the right person for the job, woman or not," she explained confidently. "I can't wait to meet everybody and lay some ground rules on how things will work now that I'm overseeing the house. It's going to be a fun year! Now, I have to go pick up some personal items, but I'll be back in an hour or two. In the meantime, why don't you pick out a room for me? I'll need access to a private bathroom, and a room as high up in the house as possible in order to broadcast energy more effectively. Can you do that for me, sweetie?"
Tory felt the eyes of his frat brothers on his back. This pushy woman was getting on his nerves and trying to walk all over him. Trying to make him look weak in front of the frat. "I don't know why they thought sending a woman here was a good idea," he said cooly, " But you won't be getting any special treatment because you're a girl. We've already set aside a room for the RA. It's on the third floor. Pretty high up, but not the highest possible. If you don't like it, you could always quit."
Carol's eyebrows wrinkled slightly as she stared at Tory through her large red-rimmed glasses as if she couldn't imagine why someone would take that tone with an obviously superior person such as herself. "Thank you, Terry," she said slowly, getting his name wrong again, "And I will have the private bathroom, as well, correct? I'm afraid that it's non-negotiable. You can't expect me to bathe in the same shower as a bunch of... gentlemen such as yourselves."
"No promises," said Tory flatly. He would probably have to accommodate that request in the end, but there was no way he was going to make any concessions in front of his watching brothers.
"I'll be back in a few hours," said Carol, turning to leave. "I'm looking forward to a semester of good behavior and squeaky-clean fun from you boys!" She flashed a condescending smile to the unfriendly faces of the boys on the porch, then wiggled her fingers and walked away.
"We'll see about that," said Tory with gritted teeth as he watched the annoying woman leave.
Tory made his way back to the group of stunned, silent frat brothers.
"They sent a girl to be our RA?" asked Scooter with a bewildered look.
"They sent THAT girl to be our RA?" asked Ryan with a pained look.
"This is perfect," said Adam smugly.
The rest of the boys turned to look at him. The tall, dark-haired man took another long swig of beer before he continued, with the frat brothers, including Tory looking at him expectantly. "They sent us a girl," said Adam as if what he was saying was blindingly obvious, "And we happen to have a leader who is basically kryptonite to the entire female gender." His mocking green eyes locked onto Tory. "Our prez will have this smug bitch eating out of his hand in no time."
Scooter hooted with glee. "He's fucking right! No girl in the world can resist Tory! She'll be sweet and submissive in no time!"
"I'm sure it'll be convenient for our president as well," said Adam with a chuckle. "If he doesn't find anyone worthy to fuck on any given night, he'll have our RA waiting for him at home to warm his bed. Well, Prez? Are you able to do this for your brothers? To defang that frumpy little tiger?"
Tory shrugged, trying not to show his discomfort. He had been pretty happy that Kelsey Forrest was the last seduction he needed to do to prove himself. But they were right. Seducing women wasn't hard, and if it could get this bitchy new RA to chill out, it would actually help the frat this time.
"No problem," he said casually, to the approving nods of his brothers
...
Tory approached the door of Carol's bedroom and gingerly knocked. A muffled "Coming" came from inside, and moments later the new RA appeared at the door, her face slightly red with exertion, her hair messier than usual.
Tory looked past her to see that her room was a mess of boxes and garbage bags bulging with clothes. But that was normal; what was weird was the bulky wooden platform that Carol had set up on the floor across from her bed.
When the frat brothers who helped Carol lug the bulky wooden object up the stairs told Tory that Carol had "an altar" he thought that they were exaggerating or making shit up. But there was no other way to describe it. It was a wooden altar with a mirror set into the top. Candles, stones, feathers, and bundles of sticks were spread out in front of the mirror in patterns that only Carol understood.
Alright. Tory was just going to have to pretend he didn't see that if he wanted to seduce this crazy girl. There was no way he could get into the right headspace otherwise. "We're having a party downstairs!" said Tory cheerfully. "Why don't you join us?"
Carol blew some of the hair up out of her eyes and eyed Tory reluctantly. "I don't know Terry," she said with a grimace. "I've got a lot of work to do. And I don't think I like the kind of parties you guys throw." Her tone and body language made the implication clear: she thought frat parties were beneath her. Tory kept his face carefully blank to avoid showing his annoyance.
"It's Tory, Carol," he said patiently. "The boys are throwing this party especially for you. To welcome you." That wasn't strictly true. A party of this level happened basically every night. But getting Carol to come out of her shell a little was essential.
Carol looked reluctant, but finally sighed and nodded. "Just give me a few minutes, then I'll be down."
"Great!" said Tory, feeling relieved. Once Carol had a few drinks in her and Tory had a chance to sweet talk her... well, things would be easy from there. "Once you are done changing, you can find me in the kitchen."
"Changing?" asked Carol in an annoyed voice. "I'm not changing, I'm just making sure the energies of my altar are aligned before I come down. What's wrong with my clothes?
Tory looked down at the ripped cargo pants and the sweater with dust prints from her moving boxes. "Nothing," he lied smoothly. "I'll see you down there."
This might be harder than he thought.
...
It took Carol another fifteen minutes before she made her way down to the kitchen, a faint scowl on her face as she watched an enthusiastic crowd of boys playing beer pong in the dining room. Tory smoothly stepped in to grab her elbow and steer her away before she tried to say anything to them. If she got into an argument with some drunk brothers, it certainly wouldn't set the scene for a night of romance.
"Let me get you something to drink," said Tory in his best "good host" voice. "We've got, beer, beer, and... uh, vodka redbulls I think." Carol narrowed her eyes a little. "I'm still just 20," she said suspiciously. "Is everyone else who's drinking over the age limit?"
"Of course," said Tory, rolling his eyes internally. Jesus, it would be harder to find anyone who was a poorer fit to RA a frat. "Well, I can offer you an energy drink, or, uh... water," he said lamely.
"I'll take some water," said Carol, giving Tory a flat, unimpressed look. With a beer for him and a glass of warm tap water for her, they headed for the living room. Carol reluctantly joined Tory for a conversation on the couch at his insistence. Around the room, other guys seemed to be having conversations in little groups but were mainly just listening in on their leader's seduction attempt. Adam winked at Tory across the room as they sat down.
"So I want to know our new RA a little better," said Tory with a bright, winning smile. "What's your major Carol?" Carol sipped her water before answering. She looked bored and uncomfortable. "Biochemical Engineering," she said with a sigh.
Tory raised his eyebrows. Just based on her vibe and appearance, he would have guessed English or maybe Women's Studies. "That's amazing! Isn't the coursework super tough?" His impressed tone was unfaked. Tory certainly wouldn't be able to hack it in some of the coursework that Carol must be taking. She just shrugged. "Not for me. Science and math classes have always been easy for me. It's why I'm here on a scholarship."
The silence stretched out awkwardly. Tory waited for Carol to ask him what his major was. She didn't. Tory had a whole rehearsed speech he gave women about how he hoped his sociology degree would help him to understand people and make the world a better place. He couldn't use it now. It would look stupid if he tried to force his major into the conversation without being asked. Tory could hear some of the other boys around the room snickering at how bad he was doing.
Carol was really giving him nothing. Well, maybe she was the type of girl who didn't like small talk. Time to dig a little deeper. "Why are you here, Carol?" asked Tory seriously, staring into her eyes. For the first time, she seemed to look at him seriously, her pale blue eyes reassessing him. "Most girls wouldn't want this position. Why did you?"
Carol's curved lips quirked up at the edges and her eyes sparkled behind her glasses. "That's the first good question you've asked all night, Tory," she said with a chuckle. She leaned a little closer, whispering conspiratorially: "I'm here because it's fate."
"Fate?" asked Tory, wrinkling his eyebrows. "Like, you were meant to be here?"
Carol nodded with a dreamy look on her face. 'Exactly. I needed a place to stay, and the universe brought me this opportunity. It was the will of The Divine. I must have some purpose to fulfill here."
Tory stared at her blankly, desperately trying to adjust to this new information. If the altar he had seen in her room wasn't enough to convince him that Carol was crazy, then this certainly was. Where could he even take the conversation from here?
Carol raised an eyebrow. "You don't believe me," she noted, with a tone that said that he should be embarrassed at his own lack of faith.
"No, I do," said Tory, scrambling for an angle to keep this strange girl interested. "It even makes sense. This house has a long history of magic, I'm not surprised that you were called here."
It was a desperate attempt at some vaguely mysterious-sounding bullshit, but Tory could feel Carol's eyes focus on him with laser-like intensity. "Really?" she asked in an excited tone of sincere interest. "What history?"
"Witches," blurted out Tory, making it up as he went along. Across the room, Adam choked on his beer from laughing, needing a brother to pound him on the back. "In colonial times, this house was the home to a coven of witches," continued Tory, shooting a death glare at Adam across the room. Carol's eyes shone with excitement as she easily swallowed the half-baked lie. "What kind of witches?" she asked. "Did they use black magic or white magic?"
"White magic," answered Tory automatically. He wasn't sure what the difference was, but white magic sounded like the good kind. Carol tilted her head in confusion, but her enthusiasm wasn't diminished when she said "Reeeeaallly. That's interesting! If white witches used this house as a place of power, I'm a little surprised that it's filled with so much negative energy now. Maybe it's a situation where the noxious male energy of the frat had overwhelmed the purity of the power source," she flashed a genuinely cute smile at Tory and finished by saying, "Thanks Tory, I think I'm starting to understand why I was called here."
Tory had no idea what she had just said, but he could tell that he had hit upon a winning strategy. Carol was interested in weird spiritualism shit. If he focused on that and acted like he was just as interested as her, then she would be his. He knew just where to start.
"I saw your charm bracelet earlier today," said Tory with a friendly smile. "Can I take a closer look?" Carol looked at him with suspicion in her eyes but pulled up her sweater and held out her arm so that Tory could look closer. Here was the key to his plan. Acting keenly interested in the silver charms, Tory gently grabbed her hand and pulled it toward him, establishing physical touch.
The first casual physical touch was a huge hurdle. It helped women to subconsciously think about other forms of contact. Carol's eyebrows creased a little at the feeling of Tory's strong hand on hers, but Tory interrupted any objection by saying, "Ah, I see you have many mystical symbols here. Fascinating."
Carol looked like she wanted to say something about Tory touching her, but then let out a breath and let it pass. "Yes, these charms help me to remember my connection to the divine."
"What does this one mean?" said Tory, fingering a stylized eye.
"The Eye of Horus?" asked Carol, blinking in confusion. "I thought everyone knew that one. It symbolizes protection from evil forces and healing. You see, in Egyptian myth..." Tory had felt high hopes for this charm bracelet angle, but as he saw Carol prepare to settle into a long, incomprehensible lecture on the mystical symbol he had chosen, Tory realized he had somehow struck out once again. If he let this continue, Carol would ramble on for hours on her magical beliefs with no progress.
It was time to pull out the big guns. Tory had a surefire flirting strategy that always worked with girls who liked magic and horoscopes and stuff.
Tory turned over Carol's hand and gasped, staring at her palm. Carol frowned, letting her explanation of the Eye of Horus trail off. "What?" she asked curiously. 'What is it?"
Tory looked up into her eyes. "I learned a little about palm reading from my Grandma. You know that skilled readers can tell your future from what is written on your hand, right?"
Carol's eyes were wide. "Um, yes," she said hesitantly, clearly reluctance to express doubt about any part of the supernatural, "But I have heard that future telling is extremely difficult for all but the most practiced..."
Tory gave her a crooked smile that he knew made girls' hearts flutter. He had her now for sure. Her soft little hand was held in his, their faces were close. Once he was able to kiss her, she would be putty in his hands. "But your lines are drawn so strongly, that even an amateur like me can read them," he assured her. Tory traced a ticklish finger down a line on her palm. "You see, here is your fate line. And just as you suspected, there is a major event happening to you right now as you move into this house." Tory tapped on an intersection of lines with a serious look on his face. "You are going to meet your destiny here. You'll find something here that will change your life."
Carol leaned closer, looking down at her palm, then back up into Tory's eyes. "Really? Can you see what it is? Can you see what I'll find?"
This was the moment. Tory had engaged her interest in the occult. He had established casual touch. He had her emotionally invested in the bullshit story he was weaving. Her face was just inches from him, her lips moist and parted, her eyes shining with excitement.
"Love," he whispered, and leaned forward to kiss her.
Carol's eyes widened as she moved her head back on her neck, rapidly bringing her out of range of Tory's attempted kiss. Then, a look of shocked disgust twisted her mouth.
Carol stuck her palm into Tory's face and shoved him back hard.
An "oof" of air puffed from Tory's lungs as his back hit the armrest of the couch. Carol whirled to see that the rest of the frat boys were watching in stunned silence. Her eyes narrowed in fury and she stood, drawing herself up with her nose in the air.
"So that was the game, huh? Try to trick the new RA into sex. Hopefully make her a little easier to deal with," she said icily, staring down the crowd of men. "Well, get this through your thick skulls: I'm not interested in sex with any of you. I'm not interested in sex with anybody." She looked down at Tory with a look of disgust on her face. "I expect you to keep your men in line from now on," she said bluntly. "Not to mention yourself."
She turned back to the crowd for a final barb. "If you don't want me to get you in trouble with administration, try not doing anything stupid or illegal for one semester. I know it's tough for guys like you, but that's the only way to get me to leave you alone. These stupid games won't help you." With one last contemptuous glare, she swept out of the room and climbed the stairs to her bedroom.
After she left, the boys looked back and forth at each other, then burst out laughing. Adam crossed the room and patted the humiliated Tory on his shoulder. "Don't worry champ. No one can win forever. It was a good run."
The other boys laughed it off too, but Tory swore that he could read a lessening respect for him in their eyes. Like they were finally seeing how unimpressive he really was. Smiling and joking and making a show of being a good sport about his failure, Tory seethed inside.
Something needed to be done about Carol.
...
Tory went to bed angry and frustrated but woke up calm and clear, a plan already formed in his mind.
It was obvious how to deal with Carol when he thought about it rationally. She had already shown him a glaring weakness last night.
The first thing he did after he got ready was go straight to Carol's door and knock once again.
This time she only opened the door a crack, peering out suspiciously with one eye. Her glare didn't soften when she saw who it was. "What?" she asked abruptly.
In normal circumstances, Tory would have been annoyed at the rude greeting, but he was one hundred percent focused on his plan, and Carol's grumpy attitude couldn't distract him. Besides, he was about to give her some good news.
"I apologize for last night, Carol," said Tory contritely. "I've been thinking about what you said and you are absolutely right. It was totally inappropriate of me. I think I was just overwhelmed by your energy and mistook that for attraction."
Carol glared at him for a moment longer, then her chilly glare warmed a fraction of a degree. Just as Tory suspected, she was much more willing to accept an apology when couched in supernatural terms. "Fine. I understand," she said, in a voice that was almost civil. "Don't let it happen again. Was that all?"
"No actually," said Tory smoothly. "I remember that you asked for a room as high as possible in the house. The president's room is actually at the very top of the house and has its own ensuite bathroom. I was planning to live there, but, as a show of good faith, I would be happy to switch with you."
Carol opened her door wider, giving him a suspicious look and revealing that she was wearing old faded pajama pants and a t-shirt so oversized that it came down to her knees. "And there's nothing wrong with it?" she asked with narrowed eyes.
"You can come take a look for yourself if you don't believe me," said Tory innocently. Carol insisted on examining the room, suspecting some sort of trick. But once she saw that the room was much larger and airier than her current one, and, as promised, had a private ensuite bathroom, she was quick to agree to the switch.
A couple of hours later, Scooter cornered Tory in the hallway, nursing a hand that he had jammed between Carol's altar and a doorframe on the way up to her new room. "What are you doing man?" he whispered, bewildered. "I thought we were trying to give this bitch a hard time, not pamper her!"
Tory just gave him a mysterious smile and told Scooter that he had a plan. Later that afternoon, Tory visited the University library for the first time in his college career and checked out some books. "Modern Occultism" "An Encyclopedia of Spiritualism" "A History of Magic". These dry books would normally be enough to put Tory to sleep, but after a few nights of study, he had filled each of them with post-it notes. Everything had to be perfect before he made his move.
While he was preparing, Carol was making it obvious that she didn't fit in with the frat. She had confiscated a bag of weed on the second day and had to be talked down from calling the police. She had come down on the third night, blinking sleepily in the light at eleven pm, and asked what the special occasion for the party was this time. When the boys told her that there wasn't an occasion, and they were just having a good time, she insisted that they all go to bed because they had classes the next day. It took all of Tory's authority to prevent an all-out mutiny from the brothers on one hand and convince Carol to be satisfied with a promise to keep it down on the other. The boys were getting restless, and looking to their president for answers.
Luckily, he was just about ready.
On the fifth day, there was a knock on Tory's open door and he looked up to see Adam leaning in his doorframe with his usual casual swagger. "Tory," he said seriously, "We need to talk."
Tory shut "Modern Occultism" with a crack and stopped himself from rolling his eyes. Of course the dissatisfied brothers would send Adam to speak for them. Trust them to rally around the tallest guy they could find. "What can I do for you Adam?" he asked cheerfully.
"This RA situation has gone too far. A lot of guys are saying that they would be better off living in the dorms if we're going to be under supervision this strict," said Adam frankly.
"I agree," said Tory simply. "The way Carol is handling her position is intolerable. Which is why I have a plan to deal with her." He tossed the book back into his bag and pulled out his plan notebook, jotting down an interesting bit about the winter solstice he had just read.
"That's the thing," said Adam with a shake of his head, "You keep saying that, but this bitch is causing problems on a daily basis and the boys don't see you doing anything. They see you taking her side a lot of the time, in fact." Adam sounded disappointed, but Tory could detect a secret pleasure behind his eyes at the fact that Tory was catching the blame for this.
Tory stewed a little. His plan was nearly ready. No.. maybe it was ready and he was just being overly cautious. Adam almost made it sound like the boys were having second thoughts about him as president. He was sure that Adam would encourage talk like that if he heard it. As much as Tory disliked Adam, he knew that Adam was a focus for dissatisfaction as the runner-up for president. If he could get Adam to back off, the grumbling would settle down. It was a calculated risk. If he could convince Adam that he had a plan, that would probably take the heat off of him for a while.
"If I show you what my plan is..." said Tory carefully, "Would you go back to the boys and reassure them? I don't want too many people to know the details, if everyone knew, it would be too hard to keep the plan a secret."
Adam shrugged. "Maybe. It depends on how good your plan is."
Tory stared at Adam, hesitating. True, Adam wasn't the most trustworthy man in the world, but Tory was confident that once he saw Tory's plan, even Adam would see the potential in it.
"Follow me," said Tory simply, picking up his laptop, and leading Adam up the stairs.
...
Tory led Adam down a little hallway on the fourth floor. Adam frowned. He had never been in this small hallway before. The only bedroom on the fourth floor was the president's room, where Carol was now staying. He was under the impression that the rest of the floor was just storage. "Where exactly are you...?"
Tory turned back with an angry look, holding a finger to his lips. He used some keys to unlock a door, and gestured Adam inside. "Ok," said Tory with relief, "We should be able to talk in here. I was told the walls are soundproofed."
They were in a small, dusty room. On one end, a computer sat on an old desk. The computer looked a couple of years old, but turned on easily when Tory flipped the switch. Next to the keyboard sat an old, but professional-looking desktop microphone.
"You might not know this," said Tory excitedly, sitting in front of the monitor and moving the mouse impatiently, "I certainly didn't until most of the way through last year: the president's room has a state-of-the-art surround-sound system hidden in the rafters. It totally freaked me out when Corey played music through it last year. It seemed to come from nowhere."
The computer finally woke up, and Tory clicked on a shortcut on the desktop, opening a program simply called "Sound Out."
"All we need to do is turn on the microphone and we can speak directly into the room. We can even add voice filters," said Tory triumphantly. "My plan is to convince Carol she is talking to some sort of spirit and get her to ease up on the rules and let us do whatever we want."
Adam was frowning and staring at the computer, rubbing his chin. "You really think she would fall for something like that? She would have to be pretty airheaded..."
"Trust me," said Tory confidently. "This is Carol's weak spot. The other night I told her that this house was a witch coven in colonial times. I mean, look at this place. It was built in the 60s or something, clearly. Carol Moehn doesn't apply the slightest skepticism to any supernatural claim. Ever."
Adam looked impressed, nodding along with what Tory was saying. It looked like Tory had managed to buy himself some time with the frat brothers.
Suddenly, Adam's eyes narrowed. "Why did Corey set up a way to control the speakers from outside of the room?" he asked suspiciously. Tory frowned as well. That was a good question. Corey, last year's president, had been kind of a weird guy. Maybe he wanted to play pranks just like this one. "What's that program do?" said Adam, pointing to another icon that read "Video In".
Tory shrugged. Corey had just shown him this computer and the sound system. He didn't know about any of the other functions. But it felt like Adam was missing the point. "I'm not sure Adam, but with this sound system, we can..." Adam reached over his shoulder, grabbed the mouse, and double-clicked "Video In".
A video player immediately popped up, and both of their jaws dropped open.
"I think I know why Corey wanted to keep this media set-up a secret," said Adam softly, a nasty grin creeping across his face.
The screen showed a crystal-clear, apparently-live video of Carol Moehn masturbating on her bed stark naked.
...
Carol grunted and strained her lithe body on the bed, thinking about The Divine as she bit her lip and pressed her vibrator to her needy pussy.
Freed from her low-effort clothing, the beauty of Carol's naked form was revealed. Her body was an appealing display of soft, feminine curves. Her tapered waist and wide, squishy hips gave her a beautiful heart-shaped ass that would make guys drool if she wore tighter clothing. Her breasts were just C cup but were firm, round, and topped with beautiful pink nipples, currently stiff with excitement. It was a body that would inspire lust in any red-blooded man (or woman of a certain inclination). Too bad that Carol wasn't interested in such attention.
Carol Moehn had long since gotten tired of explaining her sexuality to people. These days, in situations where it really mattered, she simply claimed she was asexual to get people to leave her alone; although it was more complicated than that. Carol vividly remembered when she and her friends had pestered an older girl into telling them what sex really was. They were horrified. It sounded so gross, and demeaning and embarrassing. Carol and her friends all assured each other that they would never want to try it.
But somehow, while Carol stuck to those convictions, her other friends had compromised, and waffled, and changed their minds, until Carol was the lone holdout. But she wouldn't change her mind. Sex still sounded just as gross and demeaning as it had to her that day so long ago, and she refused to even try it.
That being said, Carol was fairly certain she wasn't actually asexual, despite what she told people. She would feel a certain... tingle when looking at idealized, sanitized images of the male form. And she got a little hot and bothered when reading scenes of commitment and sweet devotion in supernatural romance books, even if she did have to skip certain disgusting scenes. She wasn't immune from feeling a little dreamy and lightheaded when looking at certain boys, even if she was certain that they would disappoint her if she ever spoke to them. And she certainly didn't want to have sex with them.
Today she was doing as she usually did during her masturbation sessions: picturing the perfect idealized forms of the Greek Gods. Strange? Absolutely. But she found that their perfect, clean masculinity was enough to excite her without reminding her of the stinky, hairy reality of real-world men.
Carol writhed her wide hips up into her vibrator, letting out a light moan. She pictured in her mind's eye a statue she had seen of Adonis, the consort of Venus the goddess of love. A slim, youthful figure, draped in peaceful sleep, carved out of clean white marble. His body of slim, but with noticeable muscles. Carol grunted and pressed the vibrator to herself tightly, savoring the feeling. The face of the statue.... Adonis's face...
It was Tory's face.
Carol's eyes flew open and she removed the vibrator as though it was burning hot. She breathed heavily, her blood pumping in her ears. That wasn't supposed to happen. Carol simply did not think about real men when she touched herself. True, she had never wanted to before, but it was also a conscious decision.
It must be a sign of her stress. Tory had been the only person in the house who had shown her even an ounce of civility, despite the fact that she was only doing her job. Maybe it made sense for Tory to be on her mind. He also fit the profile of the rare kind of man that sometimes made Carol feel dreamy, with sandy blonde mid-length hair, captivating hazel eyes, and broad shoulders...
Carol tossed her vibrator aside and got out of bed. She was just a little confused. She needed guidance and distraction from her worries. It was time to meditate. Carol approached her altar and lit one of her sacred candles, sending up a plume of oily black smoke. Then she knelt, naked, in front of the mirror.
And freed her mind.
...
Tory stared at the screen, transfixed. It felt wrong to be watching an intimate moment like this, but he couldn't take his eyes off Carol's lush little body. His eyes roamed over her tempting curves. He felt a deep hunger seeing her perfect breasts. What would it feel like to tease those stiff nipples? To rub his tongue all over them? Tory couldn't believe that this was what mousy little Carol was hiding beneath her sloppy clothes. Adam seemed similarly speechless for once, and they both watched in stunned silence as Carol continued to play with herself, moaning sweetly and humping her hips up into her vibrator in captivating liquid motions.
After a minute or two, without seeming to orgasm, Carol gave a start and ceased her masturbation. It was so sudden that Tory was worried for a moment she had somehow noticed she was being filmed, but a second later she got up and crossed the room to her alter with a hip-swaying walk, lit a candle, and knelt in from of it, treating the boys to an excellent view of her plump ass.
"Ok, this is the perfect time," said Adam with a grin. "What are you going to say to her?"
Tory looked up at him with confusion. "What? I'm not going to do it right now! I was just showing you what the plan is so I can do it when I am prepared."
Adam scoffed. "What better opportunity will you get? She's praying right now, you're at the computer. It's showtime."
Tory hesitated. His heart pounded with sudden stress. He hadn't thought he would have to do this so soon.
"C'mon, Pussy!" said Adam, gripping his shoulder tight. 'You really think writing another few scribbles in that notebook will make this easier? You just have to go for it!" Tory wasn't sure Adam was right. But he also couldn't have his manhood called into question. He glared at Adam and flipped the switch on the microphone to the on position.
...
"Carol..."
A strange, echoing voice sounded faintly in the bedroom. At first, Carol thought it must be her imagination.
"Carol... I have called you here. And you have come."
Now she had definitely heard it. Carol whirled around, her eyes wide. The voice sounded like it was coming from just behind her. There was no one there. "Hello?" she asked, a strange hope growing in her heart. It couldn't be... could it?
"Carol Moehn. You have been called to this house for a sacred purpose," the strange voice intoned. "It is your destiny to save this place of power from the forces that beset it."
Carol almost leaped for joy. She knew it. She knew it all along. People always gave her strange looks when they found out how deeply she was interested in the supernatural. But Carol had always, from the youngest age, had a deep and special connection with the divine. She had known in her heart that one day her belief would be rewarded. Today was that day.
Not a shred of doubt or skepticism clouded her mind. She had been expecting a revelation like this for years. Carol had always been eager to believe in anything supernatural, and despite her keen intellect, this particular ruse played precisely to that weakness.
Carol fell back to her knees. "What can I do? I will humbly serve your wishes! I will do anything you command!" she said, a big trusting smile on her face.
"What I want you to do is..." The voice was silent for a moment, letting a pregnant pause hang in the air.
...
"What I want you to do is.." said Tory into the microphone, the voice filter changing it into a mysterious echoing voice.
Without warning, Adam grabbed the microphone from in front of him. Tory looked up in shock and tried to grab it back, but Adam held him back with his longer arm. "...await for my sign. I will show you the path you shall take."
On the screen, the kneeling nude figure of Carol smiled widely and said "Yes! Yes, I will do as you wish. I am a humble servant of the divine!" Adam flicked the off switch on the microphone.
"What the fuck was that?!" asked Tory, staring at Adam in disbelief. "I almost had her!"
Adam shook his head, his eyes still locked onto Carol's hot body on the computer screen as she seemed to silently pray. "I stopped you from doing something fucking stupid, Prez," he said with a nasty grin. "You almost stopped this game with just telling Carol to let us drink and smoke weed."
"So?" asked Tory heatedly. "I thought that's what our goal was."
"You don't get it, Tory," said Adam, his eyes boring into the screen. "This little girl is hooked. Completely taken in. You heard her. She will do ANYTHING for the divine." His cool green eyes finally turned to Tory, and the frat president could see a hungry flame burning deep inside them. "After seeing her little... demonstration on her bed, I can think of a couple of things it would be fun to get sweet little Carol to do," he said in a quiet voice. "Can't you?"
Tory's mouth went dry as he pictured Carol's curvy pale body on her bed, hips writhing up into her buzzing vibrator, perky breasts heaving. He didn't have any trouble at all imagining the things they could get Carol to do.
"But you kind of screwed us," Tory said, his resistance wavering. "Now we need to come up with some sort of sign. And it can't be the voice again, because she's already heard that."
Adam clapped him on the back, recognizing that, despite his reluctance, Tory was already on board with the new plan.
"We'll think of something," said Adam with an oily grin. "Having such a sweet reward tends to focus the mind."
...
But twenty-four hours of fruitless brainstorming showed that even with a reward like Carol's body dangled in front of them, their minds apparently weren't focused enough.
Tory rubbed his eyes with his palms and said wearily, "No Adam, for the last fucking time, we can't just leave a note on her altar. We convinced her that she was speaking to a higher power. I'm pretty sure The Divine doesn't use pen and paper."
Adam glared at him from across the room. The tall dark frat boy had seemed completely confident yesterday but turned out to have very few useful ideas to get them out of the corner he had painted them into. "Well I'm not the expert in the occult," he said sarcastically, waggling one of the library books from Tory's shelf. "You're the one who has been hitting the books. You tell me what would be a good sign."
Tory crossed his arms. "Well I don't know special effects, Adam," he said sullenly, "And you don't know shit." He sighed heavily. "We're going to have to bring someone else in on the plan."
Adam gave him a sour look: both of them recognized that it would probably be better to limit the number of insiders to the plan. But Adam couldn't come up with a counterargument. "Yeah whatever," he muttered in defeat. "Who do you have in mind?"
"Someone in the frat who is creative, good with visual art, and knows how to put on a show," said Tory decisively.
"Oh, God damn it!" said Adam in exasperation. "Fucking Ryan? I hate that guy!"
...
Ryan Grassley stared intently at the computer screen with a troubled expression, tugging at his short goatee; his usual nervous tic. On the screen, Carol dried her hair, her luscious body unselfconsciously revealed in the safety of her bedroom.
"So... you guys set up cameras to spy on our RA?" asked Ryan suspiciously. "When she's naked?"
"Jesus Ryan, no!" said Tory, exasperated. "Have you been listing to my story at all or just staring at her ass? Corey set these up last year, not us. We're just using them to save the frat."
Ryan turned his pale blue eyes to Tory, a faint blush staining his cheeks. "So, um, what do you need me to do again?" Ryan was the 'sensitive guy' in the frat. He had an arts major. He was the one who pulled out a guitar at parties. When the occasion called for a banner or poster, he was the brother to call. Tory wasn't sure if a problem this complex would be in his wheelhouse, but if he couldn't come up with an impressive mystical sign, none of the brothers could.
"We've already convinced her that she's in contact with some sort of spirit. We just need some way to give her a supernatural sign. Then will give her her next instructions. Instructions that, I will emphasize again, may very well save the frat."
Ryan's eyes watched avidly as Carol crossed her bedroom and knelt naked before her altar. Tory could see that despite Ryan's quibbling words, he had the same curiosity and hunger for their new RA that he and Adam felt after seeing her naked. On the screen, Carol reached out and lit one of her smoky candles and settled in to meditate. Ryan's eyes grew wide and he excitedly tapped the screen. "There! That's it guys! I have exactly what you need!"
Adam looked confused, squinting at what Ryan was pointing at. "What, her altar?"
But Ryan was too excited to explain. "Meet me back in Tory's room in an hour!" he said breathlessly as he turned to the door. "I need to grab some stuff!"
...
"Gentlemen," said Ryan smugly, all of his earlier reluctance swept away by his enthusiasm, "I present to you the answer to your prayers. Or, I guess, the answer to Carol's prayers." He held up what looked like a crayon, except clear.
"What is it?" asked Adam bluntly, his arms crossed and his expression unimpressed. Tory wanted to give Ryan the benefit of the doubt, but he had to admit that it didn't exactly look impressive.
"It's a special resin that one of my buddies is using to make his senior project," said Ryan with a confident grin. "Here, check this out." He drew a quick circle and a few lines on Tory's mirror.
"There's nothing there, Ryan," said Tory. He was trying to be patient, but this didn't seem promising.
"Exactly!" said Ryan with an eager grin, "But watch this." He ripped a page from Ryan's notebook and lit it with a lighter, sending up a plume of smoke. He waved the burning paper beneath the mirror, and in seconds, a smiley face appeared on the glass, colored in by the smoke.
Adam and Tory looked at each other with stunned smiles. "It's almost like magic," said Adam with a chuckle.
"Bingo," said Tory.
"You still have the master key right? All I need to do is sneak in while she's at class and sketch something mystical-looking on her altar mirror," said Ryan, joining the two other boys in their conspiratorial smiles, "She'll get a message straight from the divine. The only question is, what should I write?"
"Tell her she has to become a nudist. Completely clothes-free," suggested Adam eagerly, his wicked green eyes shining with lust.
Tory shook his head. "No. That might be possible eventually, but we need to work up to it. If we go too far too fast, she'll get suspicious. And we need to put the message in terms she can understand. Write this..."
...
Carol gasped in delight, her eyes widening as the divine revealed itself to her once again, this time writing his will in smoke on her meditation glass.
Her eyes drank in the message from the divine, savoring the sight that proved her special calling.
The mirror showed the curvy, stylized figure of a goddess, rays shooting out of her. Below the image of the radiant feminine, there was a message. "This place of power is out of balance, overpowered by male energy for too long. You must let your feminine energy shine. Display femininity proudly, and bring balance."
Yes. It made so much sense! When they turned this place of feminine power into a frat house, the foul male energy overwhelmed and corrupted it. That was why she had been called here, to bring feminine energy back to this sacred place. Carol's eyebrows wrinkled. But how?
Well... most people displayed their femininity through what they wore...
Carol opened her closet and riffled through her clothing options. Baggy cargo pants. Paint splotched jeans. Huge sweaters. For years now her goal had been to actively deemphasize her femininity in order to discourage awkward feelings of attraction from others. The universe was asking a lot from her. For the first time, she felt a trickle of doubt in herself.
Carol finally selected a pair of thick, modest leggings that she sometimes wore when working out and a t shirt from her high-school math club that she didn't normally wear because it wasn't baggy enough. She frowned as she held them up to her body. Not a very feminine look, she had to admit, but they were the best options she had in her wardrobe. At least they would give some indication of her body shape.
Wait! Makeup was another way girls displayed their femininity! Carol never wore makeup. What was the point in making herself more attractive if she didn't want people to be attracted to her? But an aunt who didn't know her very well had gotten her makeup for Christmas a few years back. Carol was pretty certain she had the box around here somewhere... but when she finally found it in the bottom of a box, the makeup was too old and crumbly to use.
Carol flounced down the stairs in a terrible mood. Why did the divine have to select her for a task that she was so bad at? She barely even gave Tory a glance as she slouched into the kitchen for breakfast.
Just as she was getting her yogurt out of the fridge, Tory said from behind her, "Wow, you look good today, Carol. I like the new style."
Carol turned and peered at him suspiciously. She hadn't thought her choices were anything special. They were just barely a fraction more presentable than what she normally wore. Was Tory trying to make fun of her?
"Really?" she asked cautiously.
Tory nodded casually and said around a mouthful of cereal, "Yeah, you look a lot more feminine." Carol gave the frat president a considering look. Carol didn't have many girlfriends, and the ones she did have were just as eccentric as her.
She had heard the boys talk about how well Tory got along with women... maybe if she couldn't get advice directly from a girl, advice from a boy who was an expert on girls was the next best thing. Carol would hardly call Tory a friend... but their relationship was cordial, and she was fairly certain that he would at least politely hear out her request even if he didn't think he could help her.
"If I, hypothetically," said Carol slowly, "Wanted to look even more feminine than this, what would I do?"
Tory looked at her speculatively up and down, crunching another mouthful of cereal. Carol felt her cheeks grow hot at his frank appraisal of her feminine attributes. She steeled herself. If she was truly going to become a beacon of feminine energy, she would have to get used to men looking at her. "Well..." said Tory finally, "The style right now is a lot tighter than those clothes. And more revealing too. I think if you wore clothes that were in fashion, everyone would be able to see how female you are... if you understand what I mean."
Carol gulped. Wearing tight, revealing clothes, especially around the crude frat brothers, sounded humiliating. But wasn't that exactly what the divine wanted her to do? Powerfully broadcast her feminine energy? She had to be prepared to make sacrifices. She had said that she would do anything to serve the divine.
"But being feminine isn't just about how you dress. You know that right?" asked Tory with a raised eyebrow.
"O-of course!" blustered Carol, her face growing redder. "I mean, obviously. But I... I guess I'm interested in your perspective. What makes a woman seem more feminine to you?"
"It's in how she acts," said Tory casually, turning to rinse his cereal bowl in the sink. "Feminine women tend to be a bit more soft-spoken, a little more agreeable. Submissive even."
Carol frowned. "No, that can't be right," she said stubbornly. She couldn't believe that what it really meant to be a woman was to bend to a man's will.
Tory looked at her over his shoulder, then approached. Carol's breath caught in her throat as he gently took her hand in his. She stared into his hazel eyes for a moment, feeling that strange, rare, dreamy feeling certain boys gave her. Then she realized he was indicating one of the charms on her bracelet. The Yin and Yang, a swirl of black and white. "What does the white part mean?" he asked softly.
"The Yin. It represents the sun. Overt force. Activeness. Masculinity," responded Carol automatically.
Tory nodded. "Uh-huh. And the black part?"
"The Yang," said Carol, comprehension dawning, "It represents the feminine. Submission to force. Passivity. The moon."
Tory just shrugged. Carol's mind reeled. Maybe Tory was right. Maybe by trying to order the frat boys around and take control, she had been playing into the masculine energy of the house and making things worse.
"I have a lot of female friends who wear your size. I'm sure they would be happy to lend you some clothes. Maybe some makeup?" suggested Tory with a smile.
"Yeah," said Carol distractedly, her fingers raised to her lips and her eyes far away as she processed how best to accomplish her mission from the divine. "Yeah, would you ask them? I think that it would be really helpful."
...
It felt strange wearing a skirt. Everything felt so... open to the air. Carol couldn't remember the last time she had worn one. Probably not since she was a little girl. But despite Tory's alarming words "tight" and "revealing", it really wasn't as bad as Carol had been expecting. It covered everything down to mid-thigh, and Carol wasn't really concerned about the Frat boys seeing her knees. This wasn't the 1800s for God's sake.
The shirt was... a bit more concerning. It wasn't quite skin-tight, but it was definitely form-fitting enough to show off Carol's breasts and hips. It made Carol a little nervous to be displayed like this in front of all the boys. But then again, that was her mission, right? To showcase how feminine she could be? She would just have to grin and bear it.
As Carol walked into the kitchen, she interrupted a small group of frat brothers drinking beer around the kitchen table, laughing and joking. They glanced up briefly as she entered, and then all of them did a slow double-take. Carol's face reddened as she felt their eyes crawl over her body. Even hidden beneath a shirt and bra, the brothers now knew the size of her breasts. The curve of her hips. The shape of her body. The thought made her uncomfortable... but was also strangely intriguing. Based on the wondering eyes of the frat brothers, she was certainly making her femininity known.
"Carol!" said Bailey, his mouth hanging open, a lit cigarette dangling from his slack lips. "You... you look great!" Bailey was one of the few frat boys that Carol categorized as "Not totally worthless" (her highest grade for any of the boys). But he did have his flaws, chief among them his refusal to stop smoking inside. Carol must have told him a thousand times that if he must smoke, he had to do it outside. Carol felt anger at his thoughtlessness bubbling up inside her. She drew herself up, ready to lecture Bailey on his selfish habit for the thousand and first time.
But then Carol remembered what Tory had said... that it was more feminine to be agreeable and sweet. The divine had instructed her to radiate female energy. The least she could do was at least give it a try. She swallowed her harsh words a forced a smile onto her face.
"Bailey dear," she said, trying her best to imitate a soft, feminine voice. "I wonder if you would mind not smoking in the kitchen. I'm afraid that it can be irritating for those of us who don't smoke." Bailey gazed into her eyes, seeming almost entranced. Without seeming to realize he was doing it, his eyes flicked down once again to her breasts. Carol had to stifle to urge to cover them with her hands. Bailey looked around at his friends at the table, as if seeking support. "She's not wrong dude," muttered Scooter, refusing to meet Bailey's eyes.
Carol moved closer, and, in a fit of inspiration, laid a gentle hand on Bailey's shoulder. "Please?" she asked softly. "As a favor to me?" A flush crept into Bailey's cheeks and, after a moment of hesitation, he dropped his cigarette into an empty beer can. He awkwardly cleared his throat and said "Yeah. Ok. For you, Carol."
Carol walked away with her hips unconsciously swaying, swishing her skirt around her thighs. Was this the power that the feminine held all along? She couldn't wait to see what else she could do now that she was living up to the role the divine had set for her.
...
The next few weeks were an education for Carol in ways that she never expected.
Her borrowed wardrobe of skirts, tight jeans, and cute tops stopped feeling revealing and awkward and began to feel natural. She took time out of her evenings to study makeup tutorials online, and, by the end of the first week, she was able to use the makeup Tory had borrowed for her to enhance her natural beauty in subtle ways that hadn't realized were possible.
Carol had always thought styling her hair was a waste of time, but after a passing comment from Tory about how much better she would look if she took care of her hair, she decided that it was worth a try. After all, Tory had been right about the clothes and makeup. Even though the salon visit was expensive and the products they recommended were even pricier, Carol liked how she looked now. Instead of a frizzy mess loosely pulled into a ponytail, she now had gorgeous brunette ringlets.
Looking into the mirror at the end of the second week, Carol was stunned by her own transformation. A pair of dark jeans just tight enough to hug her wide hips and show off her round butt a little, and a peasant top that was just low-cut enough to still be classy. Gorgeous brunette curls and a flawless, sexy face that radiated confident feminine sexuality.
Carol had never quite believed women who claimed that they were dressing up for their own benefit rather than to attract men. But the boost in her mood and self-esteem was undeniable. It felt good to look good, regardless of how if made the frat boys feel.
But her looks weren't the only thing that had changed.
Carol had been experimenting with acting more feminine as well, and the results had been extraordinary. She didn't have much personal experience to go off of when it came to acting like a girly girl, but Carol had cautiously begun using feminine techniques cribbed from movies and television.
She was astounded to find that a giggle, a wink, a soft whisper in a man's ear, a feather-light touch on a brother's arm: all of them could accomplish more than her yelling and arguing had ever done. It felt like she had awakened a superpower. Carol had this feminine power inside her all along and never realized it. It did make her feel stupid sometimes, giggling and simpering like a bimbo instead of arguing toe-to-toe with the men in the house. It could even be a little humiliating when the boys did what she said with a patronizing twinkle in their eyes, clearly seeing it as a favor for someone beneath them.
But it was hard to argue with the results. Her influence on the house and the brothers had grown enormously. The house was cleaner and quieter. The boys were more polite and eager to ensure she had everything she wanted. They were incredibly... attentive.
Carol could feel the boys' attention lock on to her when she walked into the room, tracing her curves and studying the areas of her body that she had deliberately kept hidden for so long. She had assumed when she started following this directive from The Divine that submitting to the male gaze would be unbearable. Sickening even. But she discovered that even this: receiving the lurid stares of the rough men of the frat house, was not without a certain appeal.
It made her feel powerful.
Even if she didn't desire them back, having these men's attention and interest felt like it raised her status. Without really intending to, Carol began giving encouraging glances. She was less careful about her skirt riding up around the guys. She began subtly pushing her chest out when she knew frat brothers were looking. She started experimenting with the heeled shoes that Tory had borrowed for her, even though she had firmly rejected them initially. They really did make her legs look great.
Overall, Carol was deeply satisfied and happy. She had completely fulfilled the directive of The Divine, she had the frat house more under her thumb than ever, and she had even discovered a new side of herself by becoming more in tune with her inner feminine energy.
Life was good.
...
Tory sighed, taking another swig of the beer in his hand.
Four boys sat around the table, none of them in an incredible mood. Maybe half a dozen more leaned against the cabinets, nursing beers sullenly. Ever since Tory and Adam had convinced the rest of the guys to follow Carol's wishes (only temporarily, they swore), flip cup, beer pong, and most other drinking games had fallen by the wayside at Carol's giggly insistence. Sitting around and drinking quietly just didn't have the same appeal. Most boys tried to find other parties to go to these days.
It wouldn't last forever. Carol just needed to be led a little further down the path before things would turn around on her.
"So... how are things with Melissa?" asked Dave in a bored tone, looking over at Adam. Dave was a Senior brother who was the size of a bull and was just about as intelligent as one too. But even he should have known better than to ask Adam about women.
"Mel? Me and her aren't a thing. We broke it off like a week ago," said Adam, looking away. Dave wasn't perceptive enough to hear the slight edge in his voice. "Why am I not surprised?" said the thick-necked frat boy with a chuckle, throwing back his beer.
Fucking Dave.
Adam's eyes narrowed. He was in a dangerous mood, drunk enough for his inhibitions to be lowered, but not drunk enough to find Dave funny. "And what the fuck is that supposed to mean?" he asked quietly.
Ryan gave Tory a wide-eyed look. If they didn't smooth this over fast, things could get nasty. "He just means that you are such a lady's man that you were probably on to the next chick already, right Dave?" asked Ryan pointedly with a big, forced smile. Dave burped and let out a belly laugh, clearly not picking up Ryan's obvious signals. "Oh come on Ryan! Everybody knows that Adam gives girls the creeps!"
Oh fuck. Dave must be drunk too, to say something that stupid. In an instant, Adam was on his feet, his face red.
Dave wasn't necessarily wrong. Everyone was aware of Adam's reputation when it came to women, and Adam was justifiably a little sensitive about it: Women would almost never sleep with him twice.
Tory once asked a girl who he knew had hooked up with Adam why no one wanted a second night with him. She didn't want to talk about it much, but caved in to Tory's good-natured pestering. Although the night itself had been perfectly fine, she explained tersely, Adam had become oddly controlling and possessive afterward, even though it was supposed to be a no-strings-attached one-night stand. It wasn't a good look for Adam and it turned her off.
Tory suspected a lot of the girls Adam fucked would tell a similar story.
Tory rose to his feet at the same time as Adam, holding a soothing hand out to him and saying "Hold on man, Dave's drunk. He doesn't know what he's saying." Finally realizing that he had made Adam angry, Dave got to his feet as well, his thick brows creasing his forehead in annoyed confusion. Ryan tried ineffectually to get Dave to sit down, whispering in his ear. Adam circled the table, pushing Tory out of the way. The commotion instantly drew the attention of the rest of the brothers scattered around the kitchen, and a loose ring soon formed around the two brothers, ready to witness the impending fight. Adam cracked his knuckles, a look of savage anticipation twisting his face. Dave simply wore a look of stubborn annoyance, balling his fists and squaring his shoulders, ready to meet Adam's aggression head-on.
"Is something wrong boys?" came a soft voice from the doorway to the dining room. "I heard noises."
The frat brothers immediately froze. Carol Moehn's transformation in the past few weeks was unbelievable. She was hardly recognizable as the frumpy, disagreeable girl who had first met with Tory on the frat house lawn. Instead of baggy, unflattering clothes, she was now wearing a fitted pink v-neck which showcased her sweet curves and even displayed a hint of cleavage. The capris she was wearing weren't as exciting as some of the skirts Tory had convinced her to wear, but they were still tight enough to show the shape of her firm ass. Her cute little butt looked even better than usual tonight, probably because of the short heels Carol was wearing. Instead of the frizzy mess she used to have on her head, Carol's hair was now a cascade of soft brunette ringlets falling around her face. Her face itself had been subtly touched up with makeup, enhancing the natural beauty that had always been hidden there, making her soft lips a tempting pink, and emphasizing the pale blue eyes behind her glasses.
Beneath the defenses and walls she had put up, Carol was fucking hot. It had been a shock to most of the frat boys, but not to Adam, Greg, and Tory. After seeing her naked body in the monitors upstairs, no one would doubt Carol could be sexy. It was the one thing that had kept the brothers from open mutiny over Tory's command to listen to Carol: even if they had to follow bullshit rules, at least they got to stare at a hot piece of ass while they obeyed.
And Tory had promised them that soon the deal would get even better.
"You two boys aren't... fighting, are you?" asked Carol in a voice of innocent shock. It was actually kind of cute that Carol thought her feminine wiles had all the boys wrapped around her finger. She would probably be pretty embarrassed if she discovered that all of her flirtatious behavior had no effect other than making her look like an airheaded bimbo.
But this situation would be the ultimate test of Adam's commitment to their plan. Tory had never seen him back down when he got this angry. All the boys were supposed to obey Carol and pretend that her feminine behavior was influencing them. But could Adam swallow his anger in order to preserve the illusion?
"It's nothing Carol," said Adam stiffly, his blazing green eyes still fixed on Dave. "Go back to your room." Carol looked back and forth between the two belligerent boys and the unmoving circle of spectators still surrounding them. She was acting girlier, but that didn't make her an idiot. She could easily see that Adam intended to resume the fist fight as soon as she left. Tory was dismayed to see that Carol was determined to stop the conflict. She approached Adam with a light step.
"You silly boys are always getting so worked up," she said with a giggle. Tory almost shook his head. The contrast with her old way of speaking was like night and day. Where before Carol had been direct and assertive, she now sounded like a frivolous girly-girl without a thought in her head. "Why don't you two just calm down and talk this out like grown-ups, huh?" She lightly touched Adam's arm and gave him big blue puppy dog eyes.
Adam's jaw muscles visibly worked. Tory gave him a pleading look over Carol's shoulder. "I think you should just let us sort this one out, Carol," said Adam through clenched teeth. This was bad. Despite her girly act, their plan hadn't changed what Carol was underneath yet: she was still the same stubborn control freak she had been a few weeks ago, just in a prettier package. There was no way she would back down and let Adam do what he wanted. And Adam was ignoring all offramps as well. Tory thought frantically, scrambling for a solution.
But Carol surprised him.
Carol's eyes brimmed with fake tears, and, shockingly, she snuggled up against Adam, twining her slim arms around his large muscular bicep. Her firm breasts squished up against Adam's arm, and rather than moving away, Carol just held him tighter, even subtly shifting and rubbing her chest against him so he could feel their softness. All of the brothers watched with amazement. Carol wasn't being subtle at all. This was no accidental contact; everyone could see that Carol was deliberately attempting to distract Adam with the feel of her tits against his arm.
"Please Adam?" asked Carol in a wavering voice. "I just can't stand to see my friends fight!" Tory couldn't quite place the unpleasant feeling that the sight of Carol's body pressed against Adam inspired. It couldn't be envy. That was crazy: Carol was just some girl they were tricking, not someone he cared about.
Adam looked just as surprised as Tory. His eyes were wide as he stared down at Carol, pressing herself up against him. Then his face slid into an expression of triumph. "Yeah. Sure, Carol," he said suddenly, his mouth turned up at one corner into a half-smirk. "If it upsets you that much, I guess we can let it go. Right, Dave?"
Dave, who looked like he still hadn't quite grasped why Adam was angry in the first place, just frowned and said "Uh, sure. Yeah."
Carol, her face blushing lightly, dropped Adam's arm and stepped away a little too quickly to seem natural. Although she smiled and giggled just as much as she usually did as she and the boys made small talk afterward, you could see by her body language that something had changed for her mentally. Carol understood just as much as Tory, Ryan, and Adam did: by using her body as a tool in her divine mission, Carol had crossed a major line tonight.
...
Tory watched the monitor with intense focus, one hand straying down to palm the throbbing hardness in his pants. He wasn't sure if Carol had made the connection herself, but ever since the attention of the frat boys had become focused on her as a sexual object, her masturbation sessions had become much more... passionate. Carol still maintained that she had absolutely no interest in the men of the frat, but Tory was starting to think that maybe Carol didn't understand her own sexuality very well.
On the screen, Carol's blushing face turned to the side, gasping into her sheets as her other hand pressed her vibrator hard into her needy pussy. Unlike the delicate liquid motions she used to make, her hips now made big, desperate thrusts, lifting off of the bed with each pump. She seemed even more enthusiastic than usual tonight. Tory frowned, the image of Carol pressing her tight little body up against Adam replaying in his mind.
The door opened behind him, and Tory hastily turned off the monitor. Adam strolled into the room, a wide smile on his face. "I've been looking for you, Prez. I expected you to want to brainstorm right away on phase two!"
Tory made a face. Phase two was touch and subservience. When they moved on to phase two, Carol would lose all of her power in the house, and begin allowing the frat brothers to touch her sexually. It was a big step, and Tory wasn't convinced that now was the time. "Yeah, I agree she's almost ready, but if we give her a couple of days, then..."
Adam cut him off. "Dude. You saw her tonight. She pressed her titties right into my arm. She's ready for phase two. She is ready for touch. The boys are getting fucking tired of this bullshit. We promised them that they would get some major rewards if they stuck to our plan, but so far all they've gotten is Carol modeling fashions about as daring as they could see in a five-minute walk on campus."
Tory knew Adam was right, but for some reason, he still felt reluctant. "Ok, so maybe we should have her wear some sluttier clothes. The boys would like that, and I'm sure we could push her that far. It's just... remember, we don't just want her to reluctantly agree to be touched. We want her to desperately want to be touched."
Adam reached over Tory's shoulder and turned the monitor back on. On the screen, Carol let out sweet, light moans as shining juices dripped down her thighs. "Tory, the girl wants to be touched," said Adam flatly. "But by all means, let's get her into some sluttier clothes as well. I'm not opposed. We can do both. Right?" Tory looked up into Adam's gleaming eyes. He wavered. Stage two was part of the plan all along. And Adam was right, Carol was obviously ready. Tory needed to shake off whatever was giving him cold feet.
"Right," he said.
"Great!" said Adam, turning to the door. "I'll go get Ryan, and we can discuss how to make our little ditz believe that the spirits want frat boy hands all over her curvy little body."
Adam looked at the screen, where Carol had finally climaxed and lay panting in her sweaty sheets. I hope you enjoyed your time as queen, Carol. He thought, with a mix of bitterness and anticipation. Because those days will soon be over.
...
Carol tried not to frown as she bowed before her meditation mirror. This new message from the divine was... challenging.
The mirror showed a new image. It was similar to the last but with several significant differences. The shining woman in the image had changed. Her breasts were larger, and her hips were wider: her feminine power had increased. But more importantly, large hands reached from the edges of the image, encircling the woman. Trapping her, or embracing her? It was hard to tell.
A message was written below. "Shine Brighter! Your light is a candle in the dark, but you must be as bright as the moon. Male energy must not just be driven back, but taken in and cleansed. To be feminine is to be receptive. Receive masculine energy, and by receiving it, cleanse it."
Carol couldn't help but feel disappointment. She had been succeeding! She had gotten all the stupid frat boys wrapped around her finger, and she had started feeling more feminine than ever before. She sat on her bed and tried to puzzle out what the new directive could mean. Shine brighter...
Carol had been radiating femininity by wearing tighter, more revealing clothes and being gentler and less argumentative with the brothers.
So the divine wanted her to... intensify that?
Hesitantly, Carol made her way to Tory's room and knocked. He opened the door right away, looking a little surprised that she was there. "Carol! Good to see you. Is there anything that I can help you with?"
Carol blushed hotly, looking both ways down the empty hall and saying, "Yes... Do you mind if I come in for a moment?"
Tory wordlessly swung his door open, inviting her into his small room. Carol seemed nervous and unsure, twisting her hands together at her waist and staring into space. "T-tory. I was wondering if you might be able to get me other clothes. Maybe clothes that are even more feminine," she said finally, unable to meet his eyes.
Tory gave her a look of innocent confusion. "I guess I don't know what you mean, Carol. The clothes I gave you are what most girls wear. How could clothes be 'more feminine' than that?"
Carol looked like she would die of shame. "I... I mean clothes th-that show off, or... er... display my..." she stuttered to a halt, completing the thought by moving her hands in exaggerated waves over the curves of her body. Tory smiled broadly, as if he finally understood. "Ohhhh, you want to show off your tits and ass around the house! Is that right?"
Carol's face was beet red as she stared at the ground, too humiliated for words.
"Is that right, Carol?" pressed Tory, his Hazel eyes boring into her. "You want everyone in the house to see more of your body?"
"Yes," whimpered Carol finally, covering her face in her hands.
"Well, that's easy then!" said Tory cheerfully. "I got all sorts of clothes from my friends when I asked to borrow some. But I didn't even offer you these because they seemed too slutty for you." He pulled out a few bags, bulging with clothes. He pulled a small black band from a bag and tossed it to her. "Here, is this the sort of thing you are looking for?"
Carol caught the tiny piece of cloth and stared at it with fascinated horror. "What is it?" she asked, not sure she wanted to know the answer.
"You've never seen a tube top before?" asked Tory with amusement, rifling through a bag. "It's a shirt. Well... kind of a shirt. It covers your tits at least."
"But the bra would stick out!" said Carol, holding the top up to her chest. It seemed more like a headband than something designed to cover her chest... She felt her heart speed up at the thought of what it would be like to wear it... How exposed she would be. How much the frat boys would stare.
"Oh, no," said Tory, shaking his head. "You don't wear a bra with that Carol. In fact..." he cast a critical eye at the rest of the clothes. "If you plan to use these clothes, you might not end up needing a bra much. Oh..." he held up a cutoff top made only of sheer black mesh. "You will probably want at least a bikini top under this one I guess. Unless you really want to make a statement!
Carol looked at the clothes peeking out of the top of the bags, her heart thundering in her ears. "Thank you Tory," she said shakily. "I... I'll try them on and see if I like them."
"No problem!" said Tory, watching as Carol scooped up the bags of slutty clothes and hurried from his room. He had to admit that Adam was right. Stage two was already a lot of fun.
And the best was yet to come.
...
Carol almost felt like she would faint as she stepped gingerly off the last step of the stairs and down onto the ground floor. She could hear some frat brothers in the kitchen having a good time. It was late, definitely past the time she usually asked the brothers to go to bed.
It was time to do as the divine asked. To radiate female energy even more strongly. The cool air of the house caressed her skin. A lot more of her skin than she was comfortable with.
As Carol slowly walked toward the kitchen, she passed by the open door of the downstairs bathroom, seeing a glimpse of herself in the mirror. She almost whimpered at the humiliating sight. A skintight cutoff shirt stretched taut over her firm breasts. Tory had been right: there was no room for a bra under this particular shirt. Even in the dim light of the mirror, she could trace every curve of her breasts. She even thought that you might be able to see the outline of her nipples if you looked closely. She wore tiny soft athletic shorts that covered barely more than panties, exposing her thick, smooth thighs to the world.
Without a doubt, her feminine power was on full display. And she was about to show all of the femininity she saw in the mirror to a kitchen of rowdy frat brothers.
Carol had to keep moving, or she would love her nerve. She approached the door to the kitchen and took a deep steadying breath. She had to. This was her mission from the divine. With a pink face and a racing heart, Carol pushed open the door and walked into the noisy kitchen.
Silence fell and a dozen faces turned toward her as she entered the room. Carol immediately felt that the energy had changed between her and the boys. Before, when she had worn her feminine clothes, Carol had felt like she was the center of the world; like everything bent towards her. But this was different. She was still the center of attention, but now it felt more like she was alone on a stage, under a bright spotlight.
And the audience was staring at her, hungry for more.
The eyes of the frat brothers visibly traced every inch of her delectable body from head to toe, focusing on her tender, exposed belly, her squishy thighs, and the clearly defined shape of her braless tits. In the past few weeks, the attention of the frat brothers had made Carol feel powerful and important. But she no longer felt that way. The roaming eyes and leering grins of the frat brothers felt possessive now rather than worshipful. Carol felt a tiny spark of warmth flare in her belly and the thought of belonging to these rough men in some way. Where had that feeling come from? She tried to squash it decisively.
And in the center of the party stood Adam, smiling wide.
Adam was one of the brothers that Carol classified as "Utterly worthless": the lowest of the low. She had been proud of how she had manipulated him the other night, even if she had to lower herself a little to accomplish it. She wasn't so confident now. If her femininity was the key to controlling men, then in theory she should be more powerful than ever. But Adam's smile and his shining eyes sent shockwaves of anxiety rippling through her. And something else too, a feeling that was unfamiliar; Dark and hot and wet coursing through her veins.
"Carol! So good of you to join us!" said Adam in a voice dripping in honey, "I love the new outfit! It really shows off your... personality." Carol heard muffled laughs from some of the other guys and her face reddened. She must look so ridiculous and slutty right now. A few weeks ago she would have laughed too if she saw a girl who was dressed like this. She should probably just leave before she was embarrassed any further. But that would be giving up her sacred duty...
"Come here, babe," said Adam, holding out a hand to her. "Join us."
Carol's instincts told her to refuse. To deliver her message that the party should end and then leave... But her divine directive had told her to be receptive of male energy. Tory had explained that part of being feminine was being more agreeable. She stepped forward toward Adam, her eyes wide, biting her lower lip,.
As she got close, Adam wrapped his arm around her, drawing her scantily clad form close to his muscular body, drawing a small squeak of alarm from her that made the other boys chuckle again. After her momentary shock, however, Carol had to admit that it didn't feel horrible. His big thick arm draped over her shoulder made her feel... almost protected. Sheltered. She could definitely feel the powerful male energy radiating from him. It made her feel small, but oddly not in an unpleasant way.
She did her best to be receptive of Adam's energy, snuggling into his side. He looked down at her from his commanding height with shining green eyes and flashed her an appreciative grin. Tory caught her eyes from across the table and slid a can towards her. "Drink with us!" he said cheerfully.
Carol picked up the can. Beer of course. It was practically the only liquid that the boys kept in the house. She looked back up at Tory, ready to remind him that she was underage, but caught herself. Receptive. Agreeable. Feminine. Tory raised his eyebrows, looking at her expectantly. Carol cracked open the can and gulped a mouthful of the unpleasant bitter liquid down her throat, spilling a bit onto her tight top, much to the amusement and appreciation of the boys.
Caroll coughed. Right. She was supposed to be getting these boys to reign it in, not party with them. She had to use her feminine wiles to make them go to bed. "Um, boys?" she said in her best seductive voice. "It's a little late for this kind of party. Could you call it a night and let me get some beauty sleep?" She batted her eyelashes all around.
The frat brothers stared at her, clearly appreciating the show, but this time she didn't feel any of the eagerness to please she had come to expect. They simply leered at her, most of them taking the opportunity to run their eyes down her scantily clad body once again. "Awww, that's no fun." said Adam, looking down at her with his wide, sharp grin. His hand slid down her shoulder, tracing lightly down her back. "We were having such a good time..." his hand continued traveling down, further and further. "And things got even better when you showed up in this hot little outfit!"
Carol couldn't breathe. Adam's hand was on her ass. Just resting there gently, but not moving away. It wasn't an accident or a misunderstanding. Carol had heard of this happening to other people, but never thought it would happen to her.
Why the fuck was it making that strange hot feeling grow stronger inside her?
This was bad. She should scream. She should slap him. She should call the university housing office and report him. But... Carol remembered the message she had just received from the divine. The picture: hands encircling the radiant woman. She had been told to receive the masculine energy in order to purify it. This is what the divine meant.
Adam's hand squeezed gently, digging into her plump butt, drawing a whimper from her throat at the invasive, intimate feeling. "So, what do you say, dear RA?" he said in a low voice, right next to her ear. 'Can we all stay here and have some fun?" Carol's breath felt hot and rough in her throat. She... she wasn't getting excited by this. She was just enthusiastically following the will of the divine. All the men around the table watched. They saw Adam feeling her butt, gripping it possesively. They saw Carol doing nothing to stop him; saying nothing about it.
"I promise that we will take good care of you," whispered Adam. Carol closed her eyes, lost in the sensation of his strong hand on her soft butt. His thumb slid momentarily up beneath the hem of her tiny shorts, tracing a rough crescent across the bare flesh of her ass cheek. Suddenly it was too much. Carol shook from his grasp and backed away.
"I... I think it would be fine if you g-guys had a little fun," she said shakily, tripping over her words. "B-but just this once, ok. Goodnight!" The last word was a squeak as she exited the room, and seconds later the boys could hear her feet thumping up the stairs as she retreated to her room.
Adam, Tory and Ryan gave each other significant looks and excused themselves from the room as the rest of the boys let out an enthusiastic cheer.
The boys were finally getting the reward they had been promised.
...
Carol flopped onto her bed, her chest heaving. This was horrible. Carol thought she had the power figured out. She had figured out how to use her feminine energy to rule the house. But in less than ten minutes, it felt like the whole power dynamic had flipped. Adam had made a fool of her in there, in front of a dozen frat guys. And what was worse...
Dreading what she suspected she would find, Carol slipped a hand down the front of her new slutty shorts. She moaned in horror: she was definitely wet. This wasn't what was supposed to happen! She didn't think about real-life guys like that! She certainly didn't want to have sex with Adam, but she couldn't deny that his touch had some sort of effect on her.
She must be doing something wrong. She was failing her mission. She had let the male energy overwhelm her instead of purifying it.
"Carol..."
Carol sat bolt upright in bed, staring around her darkened room. Even without the lights on, she could tell it was empty. "D-divine?" she called nervously.
"Yes, Carol. I am pleased."
Carol blinked in surprise. Pleased? With what had just happened? "B-but... I looked like an idiot! Adam, he... in front of all those frat boys..."
"Yes, child. The process of receiving and purifying male energy is sometimes hard. Shame is a natural reaction in the moment. But what matters is the end result... the salvation of this place of power."
Carol sat, silently thinking. It was the longest single statement the divine had ever told her. The divine was right. It was hard, and confusing, and humiliating to embody the feminine in this new way. But what mattered was that she was special. She was chosen. She was the only one who could do this. And she had never backed down from a challenge.
"I... I will do as you command," she said in a determined voice.
"Good. You are shining brightly now Carol."
The voice was silent and did not return. Carol sighed. Tomorrow, she would begin her new task.
Now where was her vibrator?
...
Adam clapped Tory and Ryan on the back as Carol began another passionate masturbation session. Tory looked up at him. "Stage two is a go!" he said with a triumphant grin.
"I'll let the boys know," said Adam, his eyes fixed on the screen.
"It's open season for slutty RAs."
...
When Tory let the other frat brothers know that Carol would be open to physical touch, many of them found it hard to believe. First impressions are hard to shake, and they remembered clearly how angry she was at a simple kiss when Tory had tried it a few weeks ago.
So the frat boys' experimentation started slowly. After all, it seemed too good to be true: how could the sharp-tongued witchy girl actually be OK with casual groping?
But they were naturally bold, and by the next day, frat brothers were "accidentally" touching Carol's ass as she passed them in the hall. The day after, the boys seemed to finally realize how far they could go. Most of the twenty-one frat boys satisfied their curiosity about Carol's ass that evening, palming, squeezing, and stroking her lush cheeks until Carol was a blushing, trembling mess.
The experience was utterly humiliating for the poor RA. The strange, intimate feeling of offering her ass to the boys of the frat made Carol feel like a cheap slut... but at the same time, the strong, lustful hands lit a fire inside her that she had never felt before. That wasn't why she was doing this, of course. She just wanted to save this place of power from the masculine energy overwhelming it. She could feel that masculine energy pouring into her when the boys' strong fingers were on her, hot like a furnace and dark as night, flowing into her and making her heart beat like a drum in her chest.
Later that week, Carol was wearing a tight cami top showing a tempting amount of firm, rounded cleavage and skintight leggings. Leggings not only helped her show off her feminine energy by displaying her perky butt, it also allowed the boys to get a good feel without letting them go too far... In skirts there was far too much skin-to-skin contact when the frat brothers got handsy. The idea of hands on bare skin beneath her skirt made her shiver with a mix of trepidation and twisted curiosity. Better to avoid the issue.
As Carol entered the living room, she saw Bailey energetically telling a story to a circle of friends. A cigarette jiggled on his lip, and a cloud of blue smoke surrounded him. Carol gulped and looked nervously away. It had been a lot more difficult to influence the boys' behavior ever since she started her new mission of receiving their energy. She had tried to push some of the boys to follow the house rules she had laid down, but each time they had simply smirked at her, calling her closer so they could grope and squeeze her vulnerable ass, and then all of her authority seemed to evaporate as the rest of the guys looked on in amusement.
So Carol decided to let the cigarette go this time: gropings in front of an eager crowd were always particularly humiliating and tended to get Carol all worked up. She should probably try to avoid that.
"...I'm telling you! Huge tits, super-sized. Must have been at least... Hey! Carol! Come here for a second!" called Bailey, his eyes lighting up as he noticed the slutty RA trying to sneak by unseen. Carol's heart pounded. The eyes of the small crowd turned her way, all lighting up with lustful fascination, anticipating what would come next.
She could feel their male energy rolling towards her in waves, radiating from their burning eyes, filling her up with that hot, wet, helpless feeling. It was her duty to accept that energy and purify it. She bit her lip and crossed the room, submitting to Bailey's game.
She entered the cloud of smoke, and as she approached the grinning frat boy, he placed firm but gentle hands on her shoulders, spinning her to face away from him. "What cup size are you, Carol?" he asked in a voice thick with amusement. Carol had just enough time to squeak, "C Cup..." before his hands were sliding up her belly, not stopping, continuing up over the swell of her braless breasts, resting there, cupping and supporting her tits in front of the appreciative eyes of seven frat brothers.
Carol could feel her body instantly respond, flaring with nerves and heat as it absorbed the crackling flow of male energy from Bailey's rough palms. She could feel her nipples stiffen, the first time they had ever reacted that way to the touch of a man, straining up into Bailey's palms through the thin layer of cloth that separated male from female. It was humiliating, exhilarating, and humbling. Carol found herself pushing her chest forward, her body craving more contact even as her mind cringed at her forced public performance. Bailey's hands moved and squeezed subtly, making Carol whimper from the intense sensation of butterflies in her stomach.
After what felt like an eternity, Bailey said "C Cup, huh? Well, boys, this other girl I was telling you about was E cup. At least!" His hands fell away, and the other boys' attention turned back to him. Carol retreated with her face red, and her shirt failing to hide the shameful peaks of her arousal.
The word spread quickly: Carol's tits weren't off limits either.
The hands of the frat brothers became relentless. Whenever she was at the house, hardly a moment went by without a hand pinching a tender nipple, cupping her ass, or running down the curve of her hip with casual familiarity. Carol could have hidden in her room to avoid it, but she didn't.
The embarrassing truth was, Carol had grown enthusiastic about this new mission. She had begun to crave the feeling of strong male energy filling her up to the brim that the searching hands of the frat boys caused in her. At the end of the day, Carol would work all of that male energy off alone in her room, sweating and straining and tangling her sheets as the powerful masculine energy roared through her body. Every night, she eagerly purified the polluting energy with her fingers and vibrator, until she fell into deep, satisfying sleep.
Carol's wardrobe grew steadily more daring as well. She never wore bras around the house at all anymore: how could she truly receive the lustful energy from the frat brothers if they couldn't stare at the hard peaks of her swollen nipples through her shirt... and pinch them directly with their strong fingers? Her bottoms grew smaller and tighter. Carol pulled her shorts up higher to better show off her butt and present it for squeezing and light spanks. It was all part of her divine mission, she swore to herself, not because she was learning to love showing off her curvy body like some sort of slut.
Strangely, it was Ryan who pushed the boundaries next. He was never as forceful or daring as the other boys, but he had the habit of staring Carol deep in the eyes as he touched her, intensifying the humiliation and intimacy of the "energy transfer". Carol couldn't deny that she had come to relish Ryan's touch...standing face to face with him, staring submissively up into his tender blue eyes as his hands mauled her vulnerable ass.
The sparks flew between them just like they usually did as Ryan's hands and eyes poured lustful energy into Carol.
Today Carol was wearing a plaid skirt tiny enough that Carol shamefully suspected it had originally been part of a "naughty school-girl" costume. Carol didn't feel overwhelmed by searching hands beneath her skirt anymore. In fact, she had started to find the feeling of male hands teasing her bare thighs highly intriguing. She had completed her attention-grabbing outfit by leaning into the schoolgirl look today, wearing a white button-up blouse so thin you could see the pink color of her nipples peeking through.
The buttons on the tight shirt strained against her tits as she pushed herself up against Ryan's chest. "You're so beautiful, Carol," he murmured unexpectedly, making her heart flutter and her face flush. "Oh, Ryan... shhh, don't... don't s-say that," Carol stuttered, the intimacy suddenly overwhelming her. She didn't know where to look, his sudden compliments making a swirl of dizzying feelings pulse through her.
But Ryan couldn't be stopped. "They're so perfect... your butt, your tits... your lips..."
Then his face was dipping, and Carol's breath caught in her throat. It was happening so fast that she didn't have time to think about whether she wanted to kiss a frat boy.
Carol had kissed a boy before. Once or twice. She knew she didn't want to have sex, but kissing seemed fairly harmless, and it always seemed cute when she read about it in romance novels. Real-life kissing had reconfirmed for her that she had no interest in physical romance. It was wet, and gross and awkward.
Up until this very moment, she had assumed that she would never kiss a boy again.
But when Ryan's lips hit hers, Carol knew that she couldn't resist, couldn't deny how right this felt. It was utterly different from the unenthusiastic kisses she had experienced before. It felt hot, dark, and dangerous in a thrilling way, like skydiving. How had she missed that kissing could feel like this? She melted into his kiss, tentatively slipping her arms over Ryan's shoulders and pulling him into the kiss, letting him dominantly slip his tongue into her willing mouth, his hands still gently kneading her ass.
She weakly protested to Ryan afterward that this was a one-time thing, but they couldn't help kissing during their next session as well. Secrets didn't last long in the frat house, and the other boys soon gleefully spread the word that Carol was into making out.
Now Carol was being pulled into dark rooms at all hours for submissive makeout sessions with the brothers. Moans and gasps in the dark, hungry lips on hers while their hands roamed her scantily clad body. Without intending it, she had become the submissive plaything of the frat, drowning in the outpouring of horny male energy that she was attempting to receive and purify.
On a Saturday morning, she pressed against Adam, rolling, limbs tangled around each other in Adam's bed, where he had pulled her when she tried to descend the stairs for breakfast. His tongue explored her mouth in perfect harmony as his hands roamed her body, expertly teasing and stroking and gripping. Playing her body like an instrument, making her hot and sticky between her thighs with his powerful masculine energy.
The tiny shorts she had worn for the day lay in a discarded crumple on Adam's floor, leaving her feeling vulnerable and exposed to Adam's wicked attentions in only her small, soft panties and scandalously thin tube top. It always felt dangerous and thrilling to be with Adam. Despite how much he repelled Carol as a person, his cocky demanding attitude did something to her that she couldn't explain.
As he continued to squeeze her ass, Adam began kissing her throat, then playfully nipping and biting. Carol moaned, caught between arousal and apprehension. She knew Adam well enough now that, as good as his rough make-out techniques felt, he liked to leave marks on her. Unless she wanted to wear turtle necks to class again, she would have to monitor him carefully.
Carol's stomach twisted with butterflies as she felt Adam's hand moving confidently down between her thighs. As his lips returned to grapple greedily with hers, his fingers dived beneath the upper hem of her panties, his rough fingers tickling the soft, tender skin of her belly as he prepared to take his dominant groping to the next level.
Carol grabbed his wrist, pulling away from the kiss. Her big blue eyes flashed with a chilly light that Adam hadn't seen for a while. There was a limit to how she would receive the male energy in this house. "No Adam," she said gently but firmly. His face looked steely and determined for a moment, then he shrugged, and his hand changed direction, pulling Carol's warning hand along with it as it moved up her body until it was just at the lower edge of her flimsy tube top.
Carol's hand stayed locked on Adam's wrist, staring into his eyes. Adam's bright green gaze was cocky. Confident he would get his way. Carol wavered.
She submitted, embodying the receptive feminine.
Her hand fell away as Adam's fingers slipped beneath the thin cloth of her tube top, tracing the outlines of a bare breast, flesh on naked flesh at last. Already stiff, her nipples burned and throbbed as his fingers circled them, begging for his touch.
Adam grinned as his palm seized the curve of Carol's naked breast, his thumb pressing and flicking at an engorged nipple, drawing a trembling gasp from the little slut's open mouth.
She said 'no" today, but Carol didn't have enough willpower to keep Adam out of her pants forever.
...
Tory did his best to stay cool as Adam finished his story. Adam was pretending that his lurid description of fondling Carol's naked tits was just a report on how far their project had come, but Tory saw the smugness in his eyes. Adam had been the first to get under Carol's clothes, and he wanted to rub it in Ryan and Adam's faces. Tory saw himself as the leader of this project: he had come up with the entire plan for God's sake! But it was Adam who seemed to be at the cutting edge. He was pushing Carol's boundaries, wrapping her tighter and tighter around his finger.
This time Adam had not just convinced Carol to let him grope her bare tits, but he even came inches away from having his hand down her panties. Tory hadn't even gotten close to that far with Carol, just doing the same over-the-clothes groping and making out as all the other frat boys.
Tory tried to tell himself that it didn't matter. They were all in this together. Adam's win was his win too if it broke down Carol's resistance and made her more of a slut. But he was the fucking leader here, wasn't he?
Ryan spoke up. "The program is a success. Carol bought the divine messages completely, and she's come a long way. She's already showing off almost everything. Plus, she's clearly started to enjoy all the... physical attention she's getting. What else do we even want?"
Adam scoffed. "Are you fucking kidding me, Ryan? I didn't put in all this effort just to get to second base. We're not stopping til that witchy slut is bouncing on my cock."
Tory sighed. He knew there was a reason he was in charge. He pointed at Adam: "You're too impatient." He pointed at Ryan: "And you're too timid. But you did bring up a good point. Carol's showing off almost everything." He sat back in his chair with a sly grin. "But there's a huge difference, mentally and sexually, between 'almost everything' and "everything'..."
"...I think Carol needs to finally show the house what she's been hiding under those baggy clothes for so long. No more half measures."
...
Tory looked up to see Carol in his doorway, a timid, baffled look on her face. "Um, Tory, if I have a, like, maintenance problem, who should I talk to?"
She had come down to Tory's room in her pajamas. Tory suppressed a smile at the sight. He remembers when Carol wore massive, baggy sleep clothes every night. Now, she had on a pair of tiny sleep shorts with fluffy sheep printed on a powder blue background. The flimsy shorts showed off her smooth pale legs, and even left the bottom curve of her ass cheeks hanging out beneath their lower hem. Carol's pajama shirt was a matching blue sheep-print tank top, loose and flowy, but cut off so ridiculously high that the underside of her tits peeked out the bottom even with her arms at her sides in resting position. Overall, the soft, cute pajamas did a better job teasing boys than covering Carol's curvy body. They looked comfy, but Tory had a hard time imagining a sleep outfit that was sluttier, unless she started sleeping in the nude.
Tory couldn't help but feel a little smug that he was the first person that Carol called when she had an issue, even if it was something he had orchestrated. Adam might pester her more insistently for sexual favors, but Carol knew who was the most trustworthy, capable man in the frat house. Tory didn't even realize that his feelings of interest and jealousy had been ramping up for a while...
"Well, you can talk to me," said Tory with a confident smile. "I can take a look at the problem first. If it isn't something I can fix, we can call a specialist in to look at it."
Carol nodded, looking a little relieved. "It's the shower in my room. When I tried using it right now, no water came out."
Tory made a show of wincing, a look of concern painted on his face. "Oof. Plumbing, huh? I'm no expert, but let me take a look."
In Carol's private bathroom, he made a show of twisting the faucet. Then he went down to the basement and spent a few minutes tapping on the pipes he had turned off last night, trying to make convincing noises. Finally, he returned to Carol, shaking his head.
"Sorry, Carol," he said with an apologetic frown, "We'll have to hire a plumber."
"But what am I supposed to do?" Whined Carol. "I'm not going to use the communal showers, even in private. All the residue from twenty men? Gross!"
Tory laid a soothing hand on her shoulder. "Relax! There's another private bathroom on the ground floor, they built it in the 90s for a brother with a wheelchair. We never use it except during parties, but it's clean and everything is hooked up. It can be your bathroom until this one is fixed."
Carol frowned, considered Tory's offer, then sighed and nodded. "It's kind of far away from my room, but it's better than nothing." A tiny smile brightened her face, and she leaned over to give Tory a quick, soft kiss on the lips. "Thanks, Tory. I can always count on you!" Then she hurried off to examine her temporary bathroom.
Tory traced his fingers across his lips, imagining he could still feel the warmth of Carol's kiss there. She could always count on him, huh?
It almost made him feel bad for the trick he was about to pull on her.
...
Steaming hot water cascaded down Carol's body, washing away her sweat and stress. It was a pain to walk all the way from the top of the house to the ground floor every day in order to shower, but this arrangement wasn't all bad. The handicap-accessible shower in the downstairs bathroom was spacious, bright, and had excellent water pressure.
Carol soaped up her breasts, causing her nipples to crinkle and harden slightly as she scrubbed across them with the scratchy material of her loofah. God, she had such a hair trigger lately; almost anything was enough to get her horny. It was all the male energy she had been taking in, she was sure. Even in Carol's alone time, in bed or in the shower, she found herself thinking about how the guys had treated her that day.
Carol scrubbed a soapy hand between her legs... Then gave the area a little extra attention; she had been feeling extra dirty down there lately after all... After a minute of eagerly slipping and sliding her fingers between her thighs, Carol stopped making excuses and just started masturbating. There was no reason to be ashamed. It wasn't her fault, it was all this male energy.
Images of the boys floated in her mind. This was a battle she had given up on as well: Carol no longer masturbated to sanitized images of Greek Gods. Her real life was too full of raw erotic sensations for tame images like that to appeal to her anymore.
Two boys stood out above the rest in her fantasies. Adam. Dangerous, sexy, infuriating. Receiving his sexual energy felt like playing with a tiger: if you turned your back for a moment, the game might rapidly become dangerous. Tory. Bright, strong, and positive. Receiving his energy was like sunbathing, warm and relaxing. Her fingers moved as she thought about them, hot water rippling and dripping down her nudity, making her feel hot inside and out.
She was so distracted she didn't even notice as someone silently slipped into the bathroom, accomplished several tasks, then slipped out...
When Carol reached out of the shower to grab her towel, her hand met the cool, bare metal of the towel rack. She slid her hand further, seeking the fluffy white towel she had left there earlier. Nothing. Her wet hand slid down the bare metal with no resistance.
Carol frowned and threw open the shower door.
Not only was her towel gone, a message stood in sharp relief on the bathroom mirror, unfogged by the shower's steam.
"The moon shines brightest when it is unshielded by clouds. Be not afraid. Let your full radiance shine."
Carol stood there, mouth open, body dripping, mind racing. The divine wanted her to... Her cheeks colored. No. That was surely too far. Even the provocative clothes she had been wearing lately had been enough to drive the boys wild. To go even further... She shivered at the thought.
Despite the fact that she had no towel, Carol had options. She was confident that if she stuck her head out the door and yelled for Tory, he would bring her a towel. Tory was dependable and wouldn't leave her hanging. Or, failing that, she could simply wait a few hours with the door locked until all the boys went to class, then sprint for it. There would be very little chance anyone would get a good look.
Or she could just do as the spirits wanted. Carol's nipples were stiffening from the combination of the cooling bathroom air and the wicked thought of exposing herself fully to the frat brothers. She wasn't seriously considering it, was she? The morning was one of the busiest times of day at the house, with boys moving through the halls getting ready for class.
If Carol went out there right now, the boys would see everything.
Carol licked her lips. Her mouth was suddenly dry and her knees felt weak. That was the point, right? To shine brightly? She didn't want the boys to get the wrong idea... But what was the harm after what she had shown them already?
Was there really a difference between naked and almost naked?
Carol's hand, still wet from her shower, trembled as it reached for the doorknob.
...
Most of the frat milled around the downstairs hallways with a nervous energy.
Adam, Tory and Ryan were keeping their cards close to the chest. So far,they had refused to reveal to the other brothers how they had been influencing Carol's behavior. But they had tipped off the boys that there would be an interesting event this morning.
They didn't want anyone to miss the show.
Adam, Ryan, and Tory stood together, watching the door to the bathroom silently. They heard the shower turning off minutes ago, but since then there had been nothing but silence.
"Maybe this was too much for her," muttered Ryan. "We finally pushed it too far. Everybody knows you can write messages on a mirror using soap. She's going to realize we've been tricking her."
"No," said Tory confidently, his eyes locked on the bathroom door. "She's ready for this. And she's in too deep. She would never admit to herself that we fooled her. She's going to buy this. And she's going to come out of that door stark fucking naked."
Just as he said it, as if by magic, the boys her the dry *click* of the lock being disengaged. The eyes of the assembled frat brothers snapped to the door as it slowly creaked open...
Revealing Carol Moehn's lovely nude body, glistening with gems of beaded water, trembling and blushing from the humiliation and excitement of this new erotic ordeal.
Despite anticipating and planning this himself, Tory found his breath taken away by the sight. It was one thing to see Carol's ripe, curvy body through a security camera, quite another to see her in the flesh. There were so many details that he hadn't noticed or appreciated before.
The way her firm, round breasts hung softly, jiggling slightly with each nervous breath, topped by the hard pink points of her aroused nipples. Her bashful stance that rubbed and squished her thick thighs together at the center, managing to hide her pussy from the frat boys' curious gaze despite her nudity. Her neatly groomed triangle patch of pubic hair: a symbol of her mature femininity.
She had a small mole on the underside of her left breast that the cameras hadn't picked up. A sweet little secret that she had kept about her naked body. Until now at least. Carol's eyes widened as she realized that, even at her first step out of the bathroom, she was already the center of attention for the entire frat.
She took a deep breath and walked forward.
...
Carol had never felt her heart beating this fast before. She felt faint. She felt humiliated... She felt hornier than she had ever been in her life.
Carol could feel the burning eyes of over a dozen frat boys devouring every inch of her naked body as she forced herself to pad forward down the hall on damp feet. The gaze of a dozen men crawled over the sweet curve of her hips, her heaving breasts, and her rock-hard nipples;clear signs of her shameful arousal. The stares lingered between her shapely legs. Carol did her best to keep her thighs demurely together as she walked, but that only produced distracting friction at her hot, wet center, and made her hips sway lasciviously.
Even after she passed through the hallway, there was no escape. More boys waited in the next hallway for their turn to feast their eyes. The others trailed behind, following her, taking the opportunity to stare at her plush ass as it wiggled and swayed.
Carol told herself that there was no difference: she had already worn tight shirts and leggings that left nothing to the imagination. The boys knew the shape of her nudity already. But she realized she was wrong. There was something humbling and powerful and shamefully erotic about being naked and examined, especially when the other boys were clothed. She realized with a growing bloom of dark, humiliated lust in her belly that she was beginning to leak hot, sticky fluids down her thighs. She prayed that the boys would mistake it for more shower water.
It might even have been better if the boys were cheering and wolf-whistling. Maybe then it would have felt like a game or a joke, but they just stared with hungry fire in their eyes. If I allowed them, any one of them would fuck me right here and now... The heated thought echoed through Carol's brain louder and louder as her wide eyes looked around at the frat boys that lined her path.
Carol forced down the intense sensations rising inside her without examining them too closely. Sex was gross and demeaning. She had decided that long ago. Carol desperately tried to keep her eyes off the hard cocks straining against the frat boys' pants, despite a strengthening voice inside her whispering that they looked very interesting indeed. The boys' excitement was just a sign of her feminine power shining brightly, calling their male energy to her.
Finally, Carol rounded the corner toward the stairs. As she placed her foot on the bottom step, the entire frat crowded around the foot of the stairs. Their eyes eagerly watched as she ascended, taking in the fascinating movements and vibrations that ran through her curves as she made her way up.
As Carol looked back over her shoulder, she saw Adam and Tory and the front of the crowd. Adam's blazing green eyes were predatory and dangerous. Tory's Hazel eyes were warmer, but no less lustful. But their pants were the same, straining with the outlines of their huge cocks. Both of them wanted her badly. And she wanted... What? She wasn't sure anymore.
It was all too much suddenly. Too humiliating, too humbling. The eyes of the crowd of men burned on her skin. With a half yelp and half moan, Carol turned and ran, sprinting up the rest of the stairs, sending jiggles and jolts through her body that made the crowd finally burst into cheers.
Ryan gave the other two boys a concerned look and jerked his head upward, silently indicating their secret control room. Once again the three boys hurried up the stairs after Carol, entering the control room to check up on her.
"This time she's sobbing into her pillow for sure," said Ryan darkly after the soundproofed room was safely locked. "I think we pushed her too far."
"Let's see," said Adam smugly. "You didn't look her in the eyes. I bet you twenty bucks you're wrong."
Adam won that bet. When they turned on the monitor, Carol did have her face pressed into her pillow, but her hips were raised and her fingers worked frantically between her legs, her whole body wet with sweat, shower water, and the sticky juices running down her legs.
Tory stared at her with wonder, his eyes now able to find her secret mole even through the cameras. "I don't know if there's a limit," he said faintly, glancing back up at the other two boys. " I think we might be able to get her to do anything."
...
Now that the whole frat had seen Carol's full, naked body. Their appetite for her only grew.
After that first intense experience, Carol began to feel more and more curious about the feeling of vulnerability and exposure her naked walk had given her. It became a frequent memory she went back to in her nightly "energy release" sessions.
About a week after her first time "shining like the moon", Carol 'accidentally" let her towel drop on her way back to her room. She retrieved it slowly, with a wicked smile at the small group of frat brothers watching her. Just as she hoped, it filled her heart with the same wild excitement as her first exposure. Her "mistakes" grew more and more frequent from then on, until she finally gave up on her pretend modesty altogether. Walking back to her room naked became a daily ritual which was much enjoyed by the horny boys of the frat house. Somehow, the plumber was never called. Her shower remained unusable, but Carol didn't mind: the walk up to her room had become something she looked forward to.
But the brothers weren't satisfied with just one daily glimpse of her body. The naughty boys started tugging, pulling, or unbuttoning her shirts 'as a joke' at the smallest excuse. Carol found herself blushing while her nipples stiffened in the open air multiple times a day. It wasn't the sort of thing a self-respecting girl would tolerate... But Carol found that the very idea of allowing the brothers to expose and embarrass her carried an illicit thrill that even her self-imposed nudity after her showers didn't provide. Slowly but surely, the idea of being toyed with and disrespected by the frat boys was beginning to excite Carol. She told herself that it was just one more way to embody the feminine: being agreeable and sweet even when treated as a sexual object.
The guys tried to pull down her pants and shorts too, but Carol drew a line there. The boys would have to be satisfied with their one daily viewing of her naked ass and thighs after her shower. And even then, she was careful to keep her legs together: allowing the frat brothers to examine the pussy she would never let them use would certainly be going too far. Carol remained firm on this decision even in the face of teasing pleas from the boys. The idea of allowing the boys to easily access her below-the-waist nudity just felt dangerous. But she was willing to play along with skirt flipping. After all, it wasn't a big deal if the brothers saw her panties.
Being exposed and ogled on a daily basis was deeply embarrassing, but Carol was finding to her surprise that her feelings of shame had become almost... pleasant. It must be a gift from the divine: making her humiliation bearable by making it exciting at the same time.
But it wasn't just the eyes of the frat brothers that were greedy for more: it wasn't long before hands were slipping up beneath her shirt at every opportunity, pinching and grasping and sending crackling heat pulsing through Carol's nerves. She could hardly deny them: even she had heard Adam bragging to the brothers about how Carol had let him feel her up, and she didn't want to play favorites...
And she had to admit that it felt pretty good.
Carol's nipples learned to crave the rough, teasing touch of male fingers. The attention to her nipples felt so good that tugging and pinching them became an indispensable part of her masturbation routine.
So when Scooter jokingly rubbed his face over her breasts one night and his tongue poked out to flick at her nipple, Carol didn't stop him. She submitted to Scooter's sexual curiosity as the immature frat brother sucked a tender nipple between his lips and bathed it with his tongue.
In the end, Carol was glad that she had been curious enough to let Scooter have his way. The feeling of a man's mouth on her nipples, sucking and swirling his tongue and gently nipping, was far more intense than any fingers.
More importantly, Carol was certain that nipple sucking was an excellent way to draw out and purify the male energy polluting the house: she could feel the raw male energy crackling through her body whenever she had her nipples teased by one of the frat brothers' tongues. That night she had ended up shamefully moaning, squashing Scooter's face against her soft breast as a group of guys cheered at the sounds that Scooter was drawing from her throat.
After that, the other boys obviously wanted the same thing. It was well known at this point that once Carol allowed one boy to get further with her, everyone could join in. Now almost every time a boy exposed her breasts as a 'joke', his mouth would soon be on her aching nipples. Carol couldn't resist or deny them. It just felt too good to receive their warm pulsing male energy like that, flowing directly from their mouths into her tits. And, for reasons that Carol still couldn't fathom, the humiliation of having other brothers see her nipples played with made her pleasure and excitement even more intense.
On one memorable occasion, two brothers had surprised her on the couch, one latching on to each nipple. The feelings had been so intense thar Carol twisted and writhed her body, forced to grit her teeth to avoid plunging her hands between her legs in front of everybody.
It was inevitable that the boys would try to push the boundaries even farther, considering how far Carol had allowed them to get already. But Carol was firm. Any time a hand tried to sneak between her legs, the entire game was over: no more fun for that frat brother that day. Also, she allowed no touching whatsoever during her naked walks. Carol was doing this mission for the divine, but her convictions were firm: energy transfer was one thing, but sex was another. She still refused to have sex with any of the boys, and letting a man finger her or touch her while completely nude was unambiguously sexual behavior.
Adam had tried to go even further than that, and Carol had been forced to slap him and speak to him harshly when he had dared to grab her hand during a makeout session and move it to the bulge in his pants.
Carol realized that she had become a sort of submissive plaything for the amusement of the frat brothers, but it wasn't as bad as it seemed. Even though it was deeply humiliating to be constantly groped and exposed, it had started to be exciting and even fun for Carol. She was practically pulsing with hot, sticky male energy all day long, and she had started looking forward more and more to her nightly masturbation sessions when she had a chance to release all of the energy in shuddering, heated waves of orgasmic passion.
Carol's role had changed from queen of the house to submissive pet, but she was still serving the divine and maintaining the sanctity of her embargo on sex (in her mind at least).
Life was good.
...
Tory stewed, watching Carol whimper and moan, twisting her slim fingers through the hair of two frat boys as they relentlessly sucked her tits on the living room couch.
It wasn't that he didn't enjoy his own time with Carol. He did, maybe even too much. He swore there was a special spark in her eyes when it was his turn to play with her body, and he had caught himself daydreaming about her during his classes. But Tory and all the other frat boys were at exactly the same level. Even if he swore that there was a special spark between him and Carol, that didn't translate to any special privileges above and beyond what the other guys got.
Tory craved more.
He found Ryan idly picking his guitar on the porch, and approached him, checking over his shoulder to make sure no one was eavesdropping. "Hey man, I need your help with another message for Carol," he said casually.
Ryan nodded and set aside his guitar. "Yep, I figured that she was probably just about ready for the next step." He paused, craning his neck to look around Tory. "Wait... where's Adam? Shouldn't he be here for this?"
This was the tricky part. The last thing Tory wanted was for Adam to join in on this conversation. He knew exactly how it would go: Adam would insist on being the one to take Carol to the next level, Tory would disagree, and they would fight. Adam was a selfish, arrogant prick. He would never allow Tory to do anything with Carol that he hadn't already done.
Fuck Adam. Tory was the leader, and it was about time he took the lead with Carol's training. Now he just needed to convince Ryan of the same thing. "I was thinking that we wouldn't bother Adam with this one," said Tory carefully, looking at Ryan closely to gauge his reaction.
Ryan's eyes narrowed, then he set down his guitar with a sigh. "You want to keep this a secret from Adam? Are you sure that's a good idea, Tory? Adam isn't going to be happy with that. And When Adam gets mad..."
Tory reached out a gripped Ryan's shoulder. "Listen, you know how Adam gets. He's too aggressive. What I have planned next is going to take delicacy. We'll tell him after we're successful. Trust me, if we pull this off, he won't be mad. When he sees the results, he'll be thanking us."
Ryan hesitated, looked into Tory's eyes, looked away, then nodded reluctantly.
...
Carol frowned at the divine message on her mirror.
All of the messages she had received so far had been thought-provoking, even cryptic. But she had to admit that she didn't understand this one at all.
"Seek the black sun. It is the center of male energy and power in this sacred place. It will truly test the depths of your feminine receptiveness. Do not fail." The image showed a stylized image of a sun, magically written on the glass in smoke.
Carol understood that the divine wanted her to be particularly receptive and submissive towards this "black sun", but she had no idea who or what that might be. There were several black brothers, but they didn't have any particular connection to the sun, and they didn't seem especially powerful or masculine compared to the other frat boys.
But the message did tell her to "seek" this mystery figure, so it was probably fine that she didn't know who it was yet. She would just have to keep an eye out.
But Carol wouldn't get much chance for that tonight. There was a massive party at one of the nearby sororities, and all of the boys were going. Once upon a time, perhaps Carol would have scolded the brothers for going out and getting blackout drunk. But that wasn't really their relationship anymore. It had been a while since Carol's giggles and light touches had swayed the brothers toward better behavior. She still acted girly and sweet, but now if was more because she was used to it... and it did feel good to see the brothers smile.
So Carol planned for a quiet night at home alone. She should be thrilled at the prospect of one evening without the demanding hands and eyes of the horny boys, but she found herself feeling a bit bored and hollow at the prospect. The sexual games and embarrassments had become such a normal part of her life that it felt weird to be without them. Well... at least she would have a chance to catch up on her homework, she had been so distracted by her mission from the divine that she had fallen behind a little,
Finally the last of the loud, boisterous boys left, slamming the door behind them. Carol wandered the house, thinking about the "black sun" and what it could mean. Was it a metaphor? Today Carol wore a sports bra that crushed and lifted her firm C-cup breasts and form-fitting spanx that made her ass look sleek and tight. They provided just as much coverage as most of the other slutty outfits she wore around the frat house, but both she and the boys got a charge from the fact that she was technically wearing underwear publically.
Carol lazily scratched at an itchy spot under the tight sports bra as she listlessly contemplated a night of homework. Suddenly, she stopped scratching, a grin spreading across her face. She was home alone after all. Why bother wearing clothes? Doing her assignments naked would give her a bit of excitement on this boring evening at least. Maybe she would let the first guy home get a little peek of her full nudity as a special treat.
Carol quickly shed her bra and spanx, shivering pleasantly at the feeling of exposure and vulnerability that being naked in public gave her. Even with no one around, it was deliciously thrilling to be so exposed in the hallways of the frat house.
Carol was thinking of heading to the kitchen to get something to eat when an unexpected noise gave her pause. The television was playing in the living room... Carol crept forward cautiously, peeking her head around the corner to see the living room bathed in the bluish light of the screen. Some sort of banal cooking show was playing at a loud volume, with no one there to see it.
It was a little strange, but a brother had likely just turned it on while pregaming and forgot to turn it off. Carol picked up the remote, preparing to turn off the TV, when...
"Hey Carol, what's up?"
Carol gave a startled yelp, nearly jumping out of her skin at the unexpected voice speaking up behind her. Despite how often accustomed she had become to being exposed in front of the frat brothers, her first instinct was to clutch one hand across her nipples. Her other hand dove down to conceal her pussy with a jingle of her charm bracelet. She whirled to see Tory standing there with an innocent look on his face, a frosty six-pack of beer dangling from his hand.
"Jesus, Tory!" Carol gasped, her sweaty hands clutching her privates compulsively. "You scared me half to death! What are you doing here!?"
Tory set the beers on the table and placed a cool hand on Carol's shoulder. "Sorry to scare you, I didn't realize you thought you were home alone. I didn't feel like partying tonight, so I decided to stay here and relax" He flopped down onto the couch. "You're welcome to join me watching some bullshit TV if you're bored."
Carol paused and thought about it. She had already participated in dozens of private makeout sessions with the guys in the frat, but there had always been other brothers nearby, often just outside the room. Tory hadn't suggested any sort of "energy transfer" so far, but hanging out one-on-one with him all alone in the house felt intensely intimate in a way Carol wasn't used to. Maybe even dangerously intimate. And that was before even considering the fact that she was naked.
But, to be honest, Carol liked Tory. When some of the other guys touched her, it wasn't about them at all, just about the energy they were pouring into her. Many of the frat boys were pretty interchangeable in her mind: just vessels of masculine energy.
Tory was different. He could be funny, and even sweet... for a frat boy. He always seemed to take her seriously, even when he was treating her like a slut. She always felt a... special extra charge whenever he touched her. He was even a person that she might want to watch TV and chat with, even if she didn't have this crazy mission from a higher power. Carol sunk cautiously onto the couch, sitting on the edge of the seat, her hands still clasped in place.
Tory grinned as Carol joined him. He cocked an eyebrow as he cracked open a beer. "What's with the hands, Miss Moehn? Afraid I'll see your tits?" he asked playfully.
Carol blushed and dropped her hands. Tory did have a point: by this time, he had seen her nipples dozens of times, along with all the other frat boys. Despite that, she felt like she was being seen for the first time as Tory's warm hazel eyes roamed her breasts, the intimate gaze making her nipples crinkle and stiffen involuntarily. Carol's breath felt warm in her throat as she submitted to the gently humiliating inspection. Why did it feel different from every other time?
Carol firmly and tightly crossed her thighs. Her nipples might be a frequent sight around the house, but exposing her pussy was still forbidden. It was especially important to enforce that rule right now. She had to keep a careful rein on the situation. Being so close to Tory in private was making her feel strange.
Tory offered her a beer, and despite her continuing reservations about underage drinking, she shrugged her shoulders and accepted. They settled into watching a reality cooking show, making quips and comments back and forth. It was relaxing, low-stakes fun. Even a single beer was enough for a lightweight like Carol to feel pleasantly warm and fuzzy, and her primly crossed thighs got looser minute by minute, exposing more and more of her soft, creamy inner thighs to Tory's gaze.
As a commercial break came on, Tory turned to her with warm, curious eyes. "So as long as it's just the two of us, I've been really curious. How does it feel? When you're naked in front of everyone?"
Carol laughed and looked away, avoiding Tory's intense stare. "It's... special Tory. I don't know if I can explain it. I can feel the eyes of the boys on my naked skin, I can feel their desire for me. I know you don't believe in this sort of thing, but I can feel their energy pour into me, filling me up to the brim. It's exhilarating and nerve-wracking, and... and..."
"Arousing," said Tory in a calm voice of absolute certainty. Carol wanted to deny it, but she couldn't lie to herself. She had felt how wet she got after her daily nude walks. As shameful as it was to admit, absorbing the powerful masculine energy from the frat boys made her deeply, achingly horny. "Y-yeah..." she murmured with a blush. The show was coming back from the commercial break, but Tory ignored it, focusing completely on her.
"It sounds incredible, Carol. Obviously I'm not attracted to men, but when I imagine being nude and closely examined by a group of clothed sorority girls... the idea is super hot," said Tory with a crooked grin.
"I...I'm not attracted to the frat boys either," protested Carol. But that had shifted as well, hadn't it? Her head was no longer filled with images of smooth, perfect Greek Gods when she pressed her vibrator to her sopping pussy. Her fantasies had become quite a bit more realistic in the past few weeks.
"I mean," said Tory, tilting his head and smiling roguishly at her. "I sort of want to try it. Do you mind if I join you? This might be my only chance now that the boys out of the house."
What was Tory saying? That he wanted to get naked right here?!? While Carol was naked too, just feet away from him? Carol wriggled her hips uncomfortably, feeling a sudden hot damp pulse between her legs from the wicked thought. That would be crossing a line. Carol needed to firmly put a stop to this before things got out of hand. She was already feeling inappropriately horny with Tory sitting feet away fully clothed. She didn't want to find out how it would affect her if they were both naked together. Tory didn't even wait for a response, tugging his tee up over his head as Carol looked on in horror. She was about to firmly tell him to stop when her words froze in her throat.
A black sun. In the exact same style that the divine had inscribed on her mirror. It stood, sharp and clear on Tory's tan skin, a tattoo high on his chest on the right side. Carol's eyes studied it intently as Tory continued to undress, noisily unbuckling his pants. Tory was the "black sun"? Everything seemed to suddenly click into place in her mind: the warm powerful male energy she felt from Tory, the special spark she sometimes felt when their eyes met, and why she felt more of a connection with him than the other boys when she received his energy.
So Tory was the center of the male energy in the house. The Divine had instructed her to accept and receive his energy fully and humbly. That meant that if he wanted to disrobe and expose his shining male energy to her, she had no choice but to humble herself and accept it with no reservations. Carol took a deep breath and tried to remain calm as more of Tory's tanned, muscular flesh came into view.
She had to embody the receptive feminine.
Her serenity was deeply tested when Tory's large hard cock bounced into view, finally freed from his jeans. Her eyes locked onto it immediately. It jutted up proudly from between Tory's thick, muscular legs, looking soft and rock-hard at the same time. A huge pillar of hot flesh, its bold appearance perfectly advertising its biological function: to penetrate, to fill, to inject.
How could Carol have not seen it before? The center and wellspring of male energy was obviously the penis. She could feel the powerful energy radiating from it, filling her lower belly with hot, sticky weakness. And this penis must be even stronger than average if the divine said that it was the center of the house's male energy.
She was staring. The penis throbbed gently but noticeably. It was nothing like the smooth, idealized, sanitized members she had seen in paintings. Tory had a broad swath of neatly trimmed pubic hair, and his large round balls hung heavily below the twitching cock. Carol had always told herself that she had absolutely no interest in disgusting, filthy real-life penises, but for some reason, she couldn't take her eyes off this one. Suddenly Carol felt a deep instinctual longing in her core that she had believed she was immune to.
"I'm sorry Carol," said Tory softly, causing Carol to finally shake herself from the trance his cock had cast on her. "I just get like this whenever I'm around you," continued Tory in an earnest voice, his soft hazel eyes shining. "It's like I feel this energy building up inside me, stronger and stronger without relief. You know about mystical things like energy, Carol. Can you feel what I'm talking about?"
"Yes, Tory," admitted Carol, fidgeting with her charm bracelet as her eyes were drawn back like a magnet to Tory's throbbing cock. "I...I can feel it too." Her body pulsed in sympathy with the masculine energy, filling her with a desperate feeling just like what Tory was describing, spiraling further and further out of control, craving some kind of release.
Tory leaned back against the couch, further emphasizing the way his cock stood strongly and powerfully up from his hips. "Is there any relief, Carol?" he asked in a deep compelling voice. "Do you know how I can channel this energy?"
Carol's mouth was dry and her heart fluttered like a frightened bird against her ribcage. This was her duty; the ultimate test of her feminine receptiveness. To humbly receive this overwhelming male power. She had pulled energy from men through their eyes, hands, and their mouths, but how could she receive male energy from Tory's massive cock?
Even as she had the thought, the answer was obvious. Terrifying and humiliating, but obvious. What greater release of male energy could there be than ejaculation? The divine had spoken: to receive and purify the energy of the black sun, Carol needed to make Tory cum. The idea sent another juicy, shameful flood of anxious excitement through her core. This went against all the careful rules she had set up between her and the frat boys. She had just yelled at Adam for daring to place her hand above his pants!
But this was different. Tory was special. The powers that commanded Carol had made that very clear. Carol realized she had been gripping her charm bracelet in a sweaty fist. She shifted her legs, feeling with a burst of shame the wet spot she had made on the couch beneath her. The thick cock jutting up from Tory's lap filled her world. Carol unclenched her hand and reached slowly and hesitantly across the distance separating female from male.
At the moment that Carol's small soft hand closed around Tory's thick shaft, some instinct made her look up into Tory's eyes. Just as she did, the feeling of hot, rigid power in her palm nearly overwhelmed her, making her softly gasp. She paused there, gripping firmly, feeling the strong, fast rhythm of Tory's pulse as his lifeblood pumped rapidly through his eager cock. She was relieved to find that Tory's gaze wasn't cruel or hard or triumphant, just warm and encouraging and deeply pleased.
Experimentally, Carol slid her hand up to the head of his cock, feeling the smooth skin against her palm. She had never touched a man's penis before, but her instincts whispered what to do, and as her hand slid back down Tory's long shaft, the motion had already begun to feel natural. Soon she was moving in a slow, steady rhythm, her eyes still locked with Tory's in a passionate, heated gaze.
"You're good at this Carol," he murmured, his voice soft and adoring. Hearing him speak while her hand jerked his cock, faster and faster every moment, made things feel too personal; made the connection between them feel deeper and rawer than Carol was comfortable with. "Shhh," she said with a blush, her eyes finally breaking away, looking demurely to the ground. "D-don't speak Tory. Just... just let me take care of you." Her hand felt swift and graceful as it twisted and pulled and pumped the massive dick. The first cock she had ever touched. The first cock she would make cum.
And then, alarmingly, Tory's hand was reaching towards her. Carol thought for a moment that Tory planned to grab her arm and pull it away from his cock. But then his hand extended further, reaching across to rest lightly on her trimmed triangle of pubic hair. Her body squirmed with a volatile mixture of shock and lust. The muscles of her lower belly fluttered and flexed beneath Tory's rough fingers as her body simultaneously tried to shy away from him and nuzzle into his confident touch. "Let me take care of you too," whispered Tory. His eyes were deep, warm pools of lust.
This was her most important rule. Her pussy was sacred. No frat boys allowed. It was what separated her divine mission from sex.
But Carol understood what was required of her: complete submission was the point. The divine had said that this was the ultimate test of her receptive femininity. To accomplish her mission, Carol had to break all of her taboos.
She needed to receive Tory's powerful masculinity directly into the center of her feminine power... And besides, with his strong fingers resting on her skin, this close to her aching, dripping pussy, the idea of those fingers dipping lower was too tempting to resist. Her mind was still conflicted, but her body knew what it wanted. Carol's hips subtly rolled and thrust up, yearning for the touch Tory was promising.
With a whimper, Carol bit her lip and nodded, closing her eyes. Tory's fingers slid down, parting her swollen lips to gently touch her virgin pussy. Powerful feelings roared through Carol as Tory's fingers tenderly rubbed and teased and explored her: Pleasure. Submission. Humiliation, but also serenity and calm. This felt right. Her hand moved smoothly and confidently on Tory's erect cock while his experienced hand taught her body the pleasure of male touch. Carol knew in that perfect, complete moment that she had fulfilled her mission. She was humbly and completely receiving Tory's powerful energy; embodying the receptive feminine.
Carol felt herself growing closer to the edge as Tory's experienced fingers worked her pussy like an instrument. No one else had ever made her orgasm before, but right now she was desperate to know what it would feel like. She found that she had to concentrate to maintain the pace of her hand, now rapidly pumping up and down Tory's dick. Without intending to, Carol moaned, sweet and soft. A blush colored her face and she slapped her free hand over her mouth with a jingle of her charm bracelet.
"No, it's ok!" said Tory in a ragged, breathless voice. "I want to hear. I want to know how good I'm making you feel. I'm feeling good too, Carol." His breathing was growing deeper and heavier. "I'm going to cum Carol. Cum with me. Together."
Carol threw her head back, letting out a loud, shuddering moan, emboldened by Tory's encouraging words. She had never felt like this before. A vibrator just couldn't compare to Tory's rough fingers teasing her clit. His cock felt so stiff, so strong and manly in her little hand. She wanted to make it cum, to prove that she could make it feel good enough to burst from pleasure and lust.
Carol gasped. Powerful bursts of sensation radiated through her body from the sweet wetness between her legs, flooding her senses and making her squirm and rub involuntarily against Tory's fingers. An overpowering electric feeling spread through her, arching her back and making her legs tremble with passion. This was nothing like masturbation. A man's fingers making her cum added a whole new dimension of emotions and sensations. She didn't know how a vibrator would ever be able to satisfy her again. Beside her, Tory grunted and thrust his hips upward into her hand. Not knowing what else to do, Carol covered the head of his cock with her palm, feeling his thick, hot essence spurt against her soft skin as her own climax continued to wrack her body, sending bursts of mixed feminine and masculine energy roaring through her.
Finally, they both collapsed back on the now-sweaty couch, panting and gasping.
Tory let out an exhausted laugh. "That...That was amazing Carol! You're so fucking hot, you know that?" Carol's orgasmic high was fading. She was suddenly uncomfortably aware of the fact that she was naked together with a man. She looked down and felt his warm, sticky semen in her hand. Her face grew redder. She had just crossed all of the lines she had set for herself. Blatantly. She had drawn a strict definition for herself of what constituted sexual behavior. And she had, without a doubt, just pleasured a man sexually.
What did that mean about her personal beliefs? What did that mean about her sacred mission? Had she really gotten so slutty that she couldn't hold herself back when she saw a cock?
"I... I h-have to go," she mumbled, getting up off the couch awkwardly, holding her cum filled hand at arm's length.
"Wait Carol, don't just run," said Tory with a chagrined look. "Don't end it like this. Let's talk. I thought this was really fun."
Carol shook her head, shame swelling relentlessly inside her, backing away from the nude man she had just jerked to completion. "It's... it's fine Tory. Don't worry, I'm not angry or sad or anything, I just... I can't do this right now. It's too much." She turned and ran away, thundering up the stairs to the sanctity of her room.
When Carol got to her bathroom, she started the sink (which mercifully still worked, unlike the shower). She was about to thrust her hand beneath the hot water when she turned her hand palm up, her curiosity piqued. She had heard about cum before of course. But she had never seen it in person, let alone felt it in her hand. Tory's semen was bright pearly white, sticking to her palm in globby strands. The very essence of male energy. She had heard that some people... Carol cautiously lifted her hand to her nose and sniffed. The scent was funky and primal and unquestionably male, with overtones that almost smelled like bleach. Her eyes were transfixed by the still-warm goo on her hand. Her sharp pink tongue poked out between her lips. If she really wanted to receive the male energy of Tory's orgasm, wouldn't it make sense to...
Carol heard a door slam far below her in the house. Some of the boys must be home early. Shaking herself, Carol stuck her hand beneath the water and rubbed, watching Tyler's essence disappear down the drain. She needed to get ahold of herself. She had to accomplish her mission, but surely there was such a thing as going too far. The very thought was disgusting.
Only truly pathetic sluts would ever eat a man's cum.
...
In the days that followed, Tory tried hard to act nonchalant toward Carol. He was aware that he had come close to scaring her off completely. Carol had taken a big step forward; now was the time to let her relax and calm down before he made his next move.
But leaving her alone was hard. Feeling Carol's innocent little hand on his cock had been hotter than anything he had ever felt. And that was saying something, considering his level of experience. All of Tory's male instincts were telling him to pounce, to make her his. It was almost torture, but he resisted. For several days, Carol's eyes nervously skittered away from his when they happened to meet in the halls. It seemed like she was actively avoiding being alone with him.
Tory purposefully avoided any serious groping or make-outs with Carol for now. His current goal was to avoid putting any additional mental pressure on her. But if Tory avoided playing with her at all, the other brothers would quickly grow suspicious. Touching Carol had practically become the number one hobby for all of the frat boys: for someone to abstain was unthinkable.
So to ease suspicions, Tory had no choice but to play with Carol's body at least a little. The fact that he would enjoy it was irrelevant.
Tory approached Carol from behind in the kitchen, preparing to surprise her. Today Carol was wearing a floral print summer dress out of season. Even though it covered a lot more of her body than some of her more recent outfits, this was one of Tory's favorites. The neckline plunged deep enough to reveal a tempting expanse of cleavage, and the loose flowy hemline just below her butt flipped and fluttered with every movement, revealing and concealing on and off moment by moment: a delicious teasing spectacle.
Tory swiftly approached her from behind and circled his arms around her to feel her firm tits. When Carol turned with a shocked gasp, Tory took his chance, kissing her over her shoulder.
To his delight, when Carol realized who it was she didn't shy away, Instead, Carol melted into his kiss, pressing her body back against him. As their tongues tangled, Carol's springy bubble butt made firm, grinding contact with his growing cock.
That night Tory formed a new plan, his heart soaring with joy. What had happened in the kitchen confirmed it. There was no reason to wait any longer. Carol was his already, she was just putting up a last little bit of resistance to salve her pride.
Tory didn't need any trickery or Divine messages to move Carol to the next step at this point: he already knew how to seduce a woman, and the hard part had been done already.
Carol just needed one last little push.
...
Carol couldn't help but feel ashamed about her lack of self-control the other night on the couch, but at least Tory was enough of a gentleman to realize that things had gone too far.
Carol was having a hard time controlling her emotions around the frat president. Her heart thumped and her stomach filled with butterflies when she saw him. His powerful male energy must have a greater effect on her than she thought. She was sure things would get back to normal between them eventually. In the meantime, she had to be careful. If just seeing him was enough to send her pulse racing, what would it be like if they were alone together again?
Just the thought made her blush hotly.
In comparison to that torrid session the other night, the hands and eyes of the other boys felt insignificant, even relaxing. Not even Adam could make her heart race with his aggressive attentions, a fact that he clearly noticed. His eyes had narrowed in frustration when his strong hands had failed to make Carol whimper and gasp as usual. Carol had no excuses to give him. She would continue to receive the male energy of all the boys, but, although it was still pleasurable, it was hard to feel overwhelmed by the pinching and groping of her nipples when she had tasted something far sweeter and stronger.
She found herself thinking about that night with Tory again when she was alone in the shower, slipping a slick, soapy hand between her legs and imagining it was Tory's hand. Her eyes closed and Tory's soft Hazel gaze seemed to float in front of her, warm and bright as the sun.
She felt so dreamy and satisfied after her long hot shower that she barely registered her usual naked walk. Images of Tory's cock still ran through her mind in the afterglow, and she barely noticed the cheers and wolf-whistles as the other guys noticed her obviously erect nipples.
Carol entered her room, gently humming to herself and drying her brunette ringlets. She was so distracted that for a second she didn't even register Tory sitting naked on her bed.
She gasped, her hands going to her mouth in shock as Tory flashed her a cocky grin. "Hi there Carol. I thought it was about time that we stopped avoiding each other and talk like adults."
There he was, his big beautiful cock rock-hard and throbbing, just like that night. Just like she had fantasized about time and time again since then. Despite Carol's reluctance, they were together again. Naked in the same room. She felt her recpetive feminine center pull toward him like a magnet. She wanted him badly, badly enough that it frightened her. "T-tory, what are you doing? Why are you here?" she asked breathlessly. Her body started to betray her, eagerly showing Tory how much she desired another energy transfer. Tory's eyes flicked down to Carol's swelling nipples then back up to her face.
Tory stood in a smooth confident motion and stalked toward her. "You know exactly why I'm here, Carol. I'm here because what we did the other night was the most erotic experience of my life. And I think you feel the same way." Now he stood in front of her, eye to eye, his hard cock jutting out into the space between them, radiating a red-hot male energy that Carol swore she could feel on her tender skin.
Tory reached out and looped an arm around her waist, pulling her close. For one terrifying, mind-meltingly erotic moment, Tory's stiff cock pressed up against her soft pussy with insistent pressure. Carol yelped and reached down, pulling his cock up so that it pressed against her pubic area instead, a safer, but still overwhelming place to feel the press of his manhood against her skin.
And then there was no more time for adjustments. Tory was kissing her and the rest of the world seemed to grow dim as Carol's senses were overpowered by the intensity of his passion. Carol felt her knees grow weak. Her head spun with the intense feeling of Tory's lips on hers, and his stiff cock rubbing and pressing against her tender belly, smearing her trimmed triangle of pubic hair with his pre-cum. She submitted to his forceful kiss, her hand snaking between them to grasp and pull his cock once again, relishing the feeling of his powerful masculinity in her slim fingers.
"I felt some sort of... energy between us that night," whispered Tory in her ear. "I need to feel it again."
"Yes," breathed Carol, a faint smile on her face as her hands smoothly jerked Tory's cock. "Yes, I felt it too. I need it again. Let me feel your energy... your power."
"But this time, I want more," said Tory firmly, staring deeply into Carol's confused blue eyes. "This time you're going to make me feel even better."
His mouth quirked up in a smirk as he commanded her:
"On your knees, Carol."
Tory's face was still warm and friendly, but his tone was arrogant and absolutely certain that Carol would submit to his desires. He truly believed that Carol would drop to her knees and service him at his command. Carol expected to feel angry, and she did, but her anger was overwhelmed by a wave of arousal. Something about Tory's cocky, indecent demand made her feel a wave of erotic humiliation and submission. Tory and his brothers had been training Carol for weeks to associate arrogance and possessiveness with sexual pleasure, and now all of their work was bearing fruit.
She still might have angrily refused, but the tattoo on Tory's chest caught her eye once again. Her eyes flicked over to her shrine, where the exact same design was still inscribed. Receptiveness. Submission. Humility. It was her duty to receive the black sun's energy, no matter how annoying it was to be ordered around by a man.
With her cheeks blazing scarlet, filled with shame that she was proving Tory's arrogant certainty correct, Carol sank slowly to her knees.
Tory took a wide-legged, cocky stance, his arms on his hips. His big hard cock pulsed gently directly in front of Carol's eyes. This close to her face, it seemed even bigger, longer, and harder than she remembered it. Carol felt overwhelmed by its presence; dominated by its sheer proximity. It was a living symbol of male power and strength. She swore she could smell it, not that it was filthy or unwashed, but it seemed to carry a faint masculine musk that no soap could completely wash away. Tory's pheromones. They made her head feel fuzzy.
Tory looked down, his gaze strong and steady.
"Suck it."
Despite how much it galled her to be given demeaning orders like that, the crude words sent another shiver of arousal down Carol's spine. She looked at the massive cock in front of her with wary interest. Transferring energy from lips to lips with the other boys had been one of the most intense ways she had found to absorb male energy. But that act had at least been equal. Falling to her knees and placing her lips and tongue on a man's filthy sex organ... It was utterly submissive. Pleasuring a man like this was putting herself beneath him, servicing him while receiving no gratification in return. It was wrong. And Demeaning. And fucking hot.
Carol gently leaned forward and planted a soft lingering kiss on the tip of Tory's cock, feeling the power radiating from it in her very core as she gazed up into his smug eyes. Now was the point of no return. Of all of the sex acts she had heard of, this was the one that had repulsed her the most. Actually sucking, licking, and tasting a penis had always sounded utterly repellant to her.
But she found that for the black sun, she was willing to break all of her rules.
Carol's soft lips parted, their delicate skin maintaining gentle pressure on Tory's shaft as she slid the head of his cock into her undefiled mouth. Slowly her wet tongue circled the intruding dick, tasting and tracing every line of Tory's masculinity as her eyes continued to stare up at him with docile softness.
Carol had never felt so submissive and humble in her life. The powerful, throbbing flesh held in her innocent mouth seemed to pour a feeling of erotic helplessness directly into her soul. She realized that, although her pussy had still never known a man, she was being penetrated by a cock for the first time. Tory's cock was inside her body. For some reason the thought caused a fresh flood of moisture between her legs.
"Please me your mouth," commanded Tory firmly. "Move your head up and down. Swirl your tongue as you go."
Carol complied, doing her best despite her inexperience. As she submissively serviced a cock for the first time, her own arousal pulsed and bloomed hot and wet and sticky in her core. As Carol's tongue wriggled and slurped around the manhood stuffing her mouth, she could no longer ignore the needy throbbing of her womanhood. Her hand snuck between her legs, sliding between her lips to tease and rub herself in a complementary rhythm to the frenzied motions of her tongue. Soon the wet sound of her fingers in her pussy joined the wet sounds of her mouth on Tory's cock. Faster and faster, with increasing grace and speed, Carol slurped and sucked, losing her awkwardness, determined to absorb the male energy of the dominant, handsome man above her. Tory's hand rested on her head, not forcing anything or applying pressure, but reminding her of who was in charge here.
"I'm going to cum," grunted Tory with satisfaction. "Drink it, Carol. Swallow it all."
Carol didn't hesitate. It felt too right. She knew that swallowing semen was the ultimate expression of the receptive feminine. She had known that since she had almost tasted Tory's cum the other night. In her current humble, submissive state, it felt like the perfect way to fulfill her duty. She swirled her tongue and sucked harder, desperate for her gooey prize. Her fingers continued to plunge and rub between her legs as well, sweetening the submissive pleasure of serving the superior man looming above her.
Even though she was drooling for it, the first powerful blast of cum almost made her choke as it painted the back of her throat. Tory's hand clamped down on the back of Carol's head as his cock rapidly first two more bursts, nearly filling her mouth. Her tongue swam in the creamy, sticky, rank slime. It tasted just like it smelled. Belatedly, Carol remembered what she had confidently told herself the other night: only a pathetic slut would ever do something as disgusting as swallowing cum. But it was too late for her now. She was committed. Carol swallowed hard as Tory held her in place, her delicate throat working and bobbing as the thick semen in her mouth slid down to her stomach, ready to be purified by her female energy.
Finally, Carol fell back, gasping for air. A thin thread of cum dripped from one of her soft lips, landing in a glob on one perfect perky breast.
Tory smiled with pride. Fuck you, Adam. You may have touched her ass first, but our little witch just swallowed my cum.
That should show who the real man was around here.