Friday
Lori woke me up just after seven. She was already dressed and looked stunning. "Hurry up! We're going to be late for school! I'll meet you down stairs." and she was off.
I struggled out of bed and, a quick shower and shave later, I was walking downstairs pulling my shirt on. Lori was in the kitchen talking to Mom. Her dark hair was in loose curls; her top was a yellow and blue Oxford that was not quite straining at the buttons, jeans so tight I can't imagine how she got them on! Black belt and boots completed her look. She flashed me a smile. It seemed the last week had just been a bad dream.
I was woefully underdressed. Running back up to my room, I replaced my t-shirt with a navy blue button-down and my shoes with boots. Leaving the house, we could have been going out dancing instead of to school.
We were holding hands when we walked into school. True to their word Vanessa and Eric hadn't said anything. Still, we caused quite a stir with the rest of our friends and classmates. Lori even blushed when I gave her a quick kiss as we split off to go to our first class.
We didn't try to keep our relationship quiet and by lunch the rumors were flying. The stares and whispers would have worried me if they had been anywhere close to the truth; we heard the word 'pregnant' several times as we were walking through the halls and Lori laughed each time she heard it.
When we finally told our group that we were living together at my parents, I was surprised that we didn't hear the floor cracking from all the dropped jaws. Everyone but Vanessa; even Eric hadn't known all of it.
Overhearing Lori making plans for the evening, I interrupted her to 'remind' her that we had plans but we could meet up Saturday.
School ended with Lori groaning under the load of homework she had missed. I was only slightly spared because I had been working on my assignments through the week.
We worked on getting caught up until about five when Lori looked at me and said "Khaki shorts and a polo." and went up to get ready. I finished my Physics before going up. I showered and shaved. Then, remembering Lori's comment about pubic hair, I shaved most of it off. I just knew I was going to cut myself so I went slooooow. The water was almost cold by the time I was done. Making sure I put plenty of lotion on, I got dressed: as she said, khaki shorts and a polo.
I was met with the vision of my dazzling girlfriend talking to my parents. She was wearing a proper below-the-knee jean dress and a long sleeved pink button up blouse. Her hair was pulled back in a ponytail and she had her pink lipstick and polish on. I told them we were going to dinner and a movie. We would definitely be late.
Lori sat next to me until we were almost to the City before climbing into the back seat. "Eyes front, mister!" she commanded.
Parking at Fridays, she hopped out before I could see. By the time I had walked around the back, she was leaning against the tailgate wearing a much shorter pink dress that I realized was her 'blouse'; she had taken off her jean skirt! Lori had also let her hair down so that it fell about her face. I whistled in appreciation. She twirled and I thought I saw her bare ass. Grinning, she grabbed my hand as we walked inside.
Sitting across from me, Lori emphasized that she wasn't very hungry and ordered a salad, I chose a burger. When I asked if she was feeling OK, she responded "You have the only thing I need to eat tonight." Then I about jumped out of my seat when I felt her bare foot start rubbing my crotch! She gave me a devilish smile and said "You probably shouldn't eat too much, either."
Teased mercilessly throughout dinner, I plotted my revenge. When Lori offered to crawl under the table, I decided it was time to leave.
As we walked through the food court to the theater, I swear every eye was on her. I tried to cancel the movie but she was insistent. Picking a movie that had been out for a while and with bottles of water in hand, we made it to the theater. She made sure I had a great view of her ass as she climbed the stairs to the top. Watching the trivia before the movie and making stupid jokes about the ads, we were two of about 20 people in the theater when the movie started.
Lifting the arm separating our seats, she scooted next to me. Pulling my arm around her, Lori snuggled up to watch the movie. Resting her hand on my thigh, she idly rubbed up and down. When I moved my hand down she shifted so that I could reach her breast. About half way through the movie she loudly whispered "Are you going to fuck me tonight?"
Laughing at her boldness, "Isn't that what you want me to do?"
Nodding, she asked, "If I suck you off now, will you be able get it up later?"
My dick had been semi-hard since she had begun massaging my thigh but at her words it surged to full hardness. "I think I can manage that." I assured her.
She leaned over and bit my neck and said "You would not believe how squishy I am."
"Show me."
Moving so that she was leaning against the other side of her seat, Lori lifted her skirt the few inches needed to expose her bald beaver. The light from the movie screen let me see it glistening. "I need a closer look." I told her. Then, before she could move, I quickly leaned in. Placing my hands under her thighs, I lifted and pushed her back as I licked her pussy from bottom to top, stopping to suck on her clit. It happened to be a quiet part of the movie so her yelp of "Oh fuck me!" was exceptionally loud. She tried to push me away but I stayed put; licking her as well as I knew how. Lori tried to be quiet but when she finally came there was no doubt to anyone in the theater what was happening.
I sat up and she growled "You fucker!"
With her juices still wet on my face, I kissed her which almost drove her into a frenzy. We had to leave or risk being arrested for loudly fucking in public. I unbuttoned her blouse, I mean 'dress', to just below her breasts. I was right again; no bra. Pinching both of her nipples hard enough that she gasped, I grabbed her hand, leading her down the stairs.
At the door, I looked at her in the light. It was obvious that she wasn't wearing a bra; her nipples were protruding through the thin dress and with it unbuttoned as it was, I could see the curve of each wondrous globe. Her eyes were almost glazed in lust.
"Through the mall or side exit?" I asked.
She hesitated.
"Oops. Took too long. Through the mall it is." I said. Grabbing her hand, I led her out into the crowded lobby.
Lori staggered to a halt. Her eyes darting around, "I can't" she whispered.
Backing her up against the wall, effectively shielding her, "I won't make you, but I'll be with you if you want to go."
She looked up at me, fearfully. "I want to but I'm not ready."
Reaching up, I fastened two buttons. "We'll go out the side." I said flashing her a smile, "I love you." and kissed her before guiding her to the side exit.
Reaching the door, Lori said "Wait." we stopped and I watched as, with trembling hands, she undid the two buttons I had re-buttoned and unbuttoned three more. There was no doubt that she was naked under her dress.
Lori pulled her dress open and flashed her tits to me. I reached up and grabbed her left nipple and said "Ready?"
Taking the hand that was pinching her nipple; she led me out, leaving her chest exposed. We ran to the truck with her laughing at the expressions on those few who saw her. In the truck, Lori said "I'm sorry I couldn't do it."
"Sweetheart, you don't need to apologize." I reassured her. "Besides, when you screamed back there in the theater, I just knew they were going to throw us out!"
"You bastard! I wanted to be the one to do that." she replied.
"Maybe, but remember, as much as you like tasting 'us' on me, I like tasting 'you' on you."
Shyly, "You really like to do that?"
I laughed, "Hell yeah. I like tasting you and I like doing anything that causes you to squirm like that."
"I was afraid you just did it because I did it. I didn't want you to feel like you had to."
"Do you really like sucking me?" I asked.
"Oh my God, yes!" she gushed. "It's, like, my second favorite thing to do!" placing her hand on my shaft, "Can you guess what my favorite thing is?"
Playing along, "I have an idea."
Pulling out of the parking space, I decided to get my 'revenge'. "So," I began, "as punishment for not walking through the mall." Pause.
"Punishment?" she squeaked.
"Yes. I think you need to be, don't you?"
"Um, what do you suggest?" sounding genuinely interested.
"Naked." I said. "You need to be naked. Now."
Grinning, she said "That sounds fair!" and finished unbuttoning her dress. She took off her jacket, dress, and shoes; tossing them into the back seat.
"That's better." I said with admiration then, "Crap!"
Lori looked around in alarm. "What?"
"I just noticed that we need to stop for gas." I said.
Laughing in relief, "Oh! I thought it was something bad."
We were at the stop light across from a well-lit gas station. "What are you doing?" as she reached back for her dress.
"Don't worry, I'll take it off again when we're on the road again." she assured me.
As stern as I could manage, I said "I guess I wasn't clear. Not wearing your clothes is your punishment. They stay off." I grabbed the dress from her.
Her face looked shocked. "Mike, NO! People will see me!" she shrieked.
"I guess you should have thought of that before you so casually stripped. You didn't seem to mind who saw you when we were running to the car." I reminded her and stopped next to a pump. It was Friday night. The place was packed.
Lori shrank and put her hands up to cover herself then crawled onto the floorboard as I got out. "MIKE!" I laughed and closed the door. I looked in through the window. My truck sits high enough that she didn't really have anything to worry about unless someone looked in, like I was doing, but it was fun to see her crouched down there.
Taking my time, I washed the windows after I finished filling up, enjoying the glares she gave me. Then, just to mess with her, I opened the door and asked if she wanted anything to drink. "NO! Don't you dare leave me out here by myself!"
"OK. I guess we can always go through a drive-through." and climbed in.
"You wouldn't! Would you?" she sounded desperate.
I was laughing as we drove off while Lori stayed hidden on the floor. I had decided to take the back roads home but, since she couldn't see, she had no idea if I was really going to stop at a drive thru. She began pleading with me not to stop. "Why don't you get in your seat and we can talk about it."
She looked at me, sticking out her tongue, "I can't believe you're doing this to me." reluctantly crawling back into her seat. Lori looked around and seeing that we were almost out of town, "You jerk!" she crossed her arms, nose in the air, "That really was mean."
"There was never any change you were going to be seen by anyone but me unless they got into the truck. I wouldn't do that to you. Well, not yet."
"What do you mean 'not yet'?" she whined.
"I mean someday when we're in a place nobody knows us, like Dallas or somewhere, I'm going to show you off." I explained.
I glanced over at her and saw her thinking about it, a little smile playing across her face. "So, you want other people see this?" turning towards me and opening her arms and legs. The street lights splashing across her body.
"Maybe not." I said. "I'm not sure how I feel about sharing you like that. Teasing and flashing your boobs is one thing." I shook my head.
Lori slid over to me and kissed my cheek. "It's exciting to fantasize about it but I'm not sure if I want anyone but you seeing all of me." We drove in silence until we had almost reached the expressway. "You need to pull off at the next lease road." I looked the question at her. "You're way too overdressed and I don't think that I can undress you while you're driving."
I did as she asked but I wanted to surprise her with my 'haircut'. I got out and shucked my clothes then got back in holding them over my almost hairless groin. "I, uh..." pretending to be embarrassed but she knew something was up.
"Don't give me that. Clothes. Now." Holding out her hands until I gave them up. She turned to put them in the back seat. Turning back around, her hand snaked down to grab me. As soon as she touched me she squealed in delight. "Mike! Oh my God!" her other hand went to the dome light, clicking it on. I leaned back so that she could see that, except for the hair just above my dick, I was shorn bare. She used both hands to stroke and explore. With raw lust in her voice "I cannot wait until we get home so I can really see this."
I put the truck in drive and said "If that's what you'd rather do..."
Lori grabbed and squeezed my balls. "Stop." I did. "When school is out and we have enough money we are going to get our own place. Until then, you are going to take me out into the country, whenever I want, so I can be as loud as I need to be when you jam this thing in me. You got that?"
"Yes, ma'am!" What else was there to say? I slammed it into park and shut it down.
"That's better." and released me.
"Move over. We need to switch places." I directed. Lori climbed over me as I slid under.
"What now?"
"Lay back. I get to finish what I started at the theater." Leaning down, "Good God! You're fucking dripping!" Her fingers drifted down and played with her slit.
She gave me a wicked grin, saying "Yeah. I almost came when we were at that gas station."
I scooted forward and began lapping up her juices. "Mmmmmmm, you getting really good at that!" she commented. I licked, sucked and chewed her to several orgasms. She was incredible! It seemed like each time she came, it was easier to make it happen the next time; still, I was damn proud of myself! She moaned, groaned, and screamed with abandon. Lori finally yanked my hair hard enough to remove me from her pussy.
Panting, Lori brought me up "Stop! Stop. Stopstopstop." she lay back, holding me at arms' length. "I think I'm....oh, my God. You need to stop."
I sat back watching as she placed her hand over her swollen lips and laughed as she jerked her hand away. "I need a minute." she panted, "Then I'm going to get what we came for." It was almost predatory in the way she said it, my dick to surged in anticipation. Pointing, "That better stay put."
"We're not going anywhere." I replied. "And if I get that," pointing at her, "I'll wait."
"Damn straight you will." she barked. After a minute, she said "My pussy may need time to recover but my mouth is just fine. Although," she coughed, "my throat does seem to be a little sore. Maybe you can give me some cough syrup?"
I leaned back, indicating that I was willing. She crawled forward and placed her hands on my hips. Without saying a word she started licking my head before taking it halfway into her mouth. Slowly moving up and down, she worked more of my dick inside only stopping when I felt the entrance of her throat. She didn't move. Breathing deeply around me, her left hand moved off my hip, blindly feeling about until she found my hand. Deliberately, she placed it on her head. I immediately got the hint, moving my other hand to her head. Smiling as I remembered what she liked. I pulled her up, allowing her time for a quick breath then I applied pressure, slowly moving her down my shaft. Reaching her throat, I paused, allowing her time to prepare, then gently forced my dick into her throat, continuing until her lips were stretched wide around the base. Lori moaned as I held her in place.
I felt her throat constricting as she tried to swallow. I held her there until I felt her hands on my hips tighten. I pushed deeper, holding her in place. Just before she started to struggle, I released her. She jerked up, gulping air but grinning as I pulled her to me. "I thought you'd never get it." and gave me a sloppy kiss.
"Are you recovered enough?"
"Yeah."
"Then move, I'm on top tonight." I said and pushed her back.
Lori reached down and grabbed my shaft, guiding it to her opening. Pushing gently, it was amazing how easily I slid in. "Oh, God, Mike! I needed this." she moaned.
"This isn't all about you, you know." I teased.
"It is tonight, shut up and fuck me!" she commanded.
Doing as she asked, I shoved my way in to the hilt. Lori's scream caused me to stop until she stared daggers at me. "You little slut." I said, withdrawing enough that I could slam back in.
Screaming again, she ground upward to meet my thrust. Her eyes met mine as she yelled "FUCK ME!"
I did my best, slamming into her faster and faster. Lori cried out as she came, her muscles clamping down. She started shaking and suddenly stopped screaming. Except for short quick breaths, she didn't make a sound. Her hands grasped my shoulders, fingernails digging in. I tried to move and she shook her head. Then her eyes clamped shut. Her head started to shake back and forth as her sheath began to spasm around my cock. I could feel my cum rising and tried to hold back. "Lori?" I warned.
Nodding, "Do it, cum in me." she rasped. "Please!"
I pressed against her as hard as I could and with a shout I exploded into her. That was all Lori needed. The sensation of my cock expanding and firing hot cum deep inside her clenching walls caused her to arch her back and shriek into the night as she came.
As the last of my cum spewed into her, Lori collapsing to the seat. I was astonished at the intensity of her orgasms. And, as soon as she released me, it was like all the blood had been forced out of my dick. Watching as my limp dick slid out of her, I fell back against the door.
For a moment I thought that Lori had fallen asleep because her breathing was so soft then her hand strayed to her still open slit, her fingers rested on her clit. She started rubbing it in growing circles. Weakly, I heard her beg "Please?"
My unit was not going to rise to the task that quickly. I didn't know what she expected but when my lips closed over her clit, that wasn't it.
I sucked and flipped her clit until she was groaning then I moved down. I figured that if she could suck my dick clean after we fucked then I could at least return the favor.
Lifting her legs and pushing them back, I had a clear shot at her open tunnel. I licked and chewed on her lips until she begged me to stop then I thrust my tongue inside.
"You fucking dirty man! You fucked my cunt full now you're sucking it out! It's not fair!" but she held my head in place so I kept going.
It hit me that we'd been in this position before. I stopped and looking up, "Lori?"
Weakly she raised her head "What?"
I grinned, "I'm going to lick your butt."
"NO! Please, no. Not tonight." she pleaded. "I can't take any more tonight."
Ignoring her pleas, I ducked my head down. She damn near pulled my hair out as she tried to stop me. I ran my tongue down her slit. "Mike, please!" Grinning, I swiped my tongue down across her hole. "Uuugghh!" I licked it again, following the ridge around. "God, that feels so good, but please stop." she whined.
Shaking my head, I kept up the pressure. Her tight little knot yielded slowly; it became my mission to get in. Lori started kicking; her heels pounded against my shoulders as I worked. Then her legs stopped as she gave in "Nononono...oh my God. Mike. That's....I'm going to..." Her hips lifted and I was amazed when her anus suddenly relaxed and my tongue slipped in. I could just hear her say "This is not happening." Then it felt like her ring was grasping and sucking at my tongue. "Oh, God. Don't stop. Don't stop. Don't stop. Your tongue feels...uuuuuuuuuuuggggggggggg!"
When her legs and hips finally relaxed, Lori grabbed the sides of my head, urging me up. "Please, no more tonight."
Nodding in surrender, I rose up. Then, leaning over her, I joked "Are we even?"
"Yeah." she grabbed my shoulders and pulled me to her. "OK. Actually, I think I owe you."
"Do you love me?" I asked.
With a weak smile, "Yes."
"Then you don't owe me."
"I made the right choice." followed by "Kiss me." I did, gently at first then I responded to her intensity. When we broke apart she had a wide grin on her face. "I am pissed, though. OK, and a little sore."
"Why are you pissed?"
"I think you sucked my pussy clean! I like sleeping with you inside of me." she complained.
"What if you just sleep beside me?" I suggested.
"I already do that." kissing me, "It's a perk I get for making good decisions."
I repositioned us so that she was laying on me. It wasn't as comfortable as our bed but I wasn't ready to go home. "Lori?" she sensed my tone.
She didn't answer for a minute then, "Yeah?"
"I like all the sex." I started.
Laughing, "I'll bet!"
Pressing ahead, "No really, I like the sex but," I paused "do you ever think about what's next? "
"Like?"
"It's been a week. Only a week. If anyone had told me last week that I would be regularly having sex with the most beautiful woman I know..." I trailed off.
"I know. I've thought about that. I mean, I planned what I did at first but I didn't know." She whispered "It scares me to think too far ahead."
Sighing, "Lori, I love you but I don't want kids, yet."
"What do you mean?" she really seemed confused.
"It's just that...I mean your need..."
Snorting, she said "Which one?"
"The one where you need to keep me inside you."
"THAT?" she was surprised. "No, I guess you wouldn't understand. I am not trying to get pregnant. God! Could you even imagine me being pregnant?" Yeah, I could and I knew she'd still be smoking hot! "You can stop worrying about that." She turned on the dome light and made sure I could see her face. "I am not that kind of girl. I WILL NOT get pregnant to keep you. Besides, I don't think I can..." she trailed off but before I could ask about it she smiled wickedly. "I'll fuck you and suck you into submission first."
My dick decided to start waking up about then. I adjusted myself and Lori took advantage of that to wrap her hand around me. "Yeah, I believe that." Lori's lust was something to behold. I hoped I was up to the task of keeping it reigned in.
Releasing me, she sat up. "What do you say we go home and lay around naked in our bed?"
I agreed. 30 minutes later, mostly dressed, we walked into our room. Mom and Dad were asleep but Lori still locked the door. Stripping as she walked to the bathroom, "Join me?"
After the shower, Lori pushed me to the bed where she knelt before me and studied my crotch like it was the first time she had seen it. I guess it did look different; she'd given it a 'burr' and I'd taken most of that away.
She lifted, shifted, and moved parts before finally saying "It'll do for now." then gave me a blowjob that had me spurting into her mouth in under three minutes. "Now we can sleep." she said rubbing her stomach.
I grabbed her and tossed her on the bed then jumped in, landing next to her. Her hands were quicker than mine and she pulled me into a kiss. "Not tonight. Besides, if you save it, I might have a little surprise for you tomorrow night." Rolling over, she snuggled back into my arms.
I shifted to get comfortable as Lori's butt wiggled and ground back into me. "If you don't stop that, I'm going to fuck that butt."
"EWWW! No way! It was gross enough to have your tongue in my butt. I mean, really! Who does that? Oh, my God! You kissed me with that mouth! I think I need to brush my teeth or something." and started to get up.
OK, funny. Now shut up or I won't do it again."
"Shutting."
"And stop being such a tease. If you aren't going to help, don't make it worse." I rolled over onto my back.
Lori rolled over onto me and said "I'm sorry, Mike." She actually sounded contrite.
I woke up around four; Lori was still snuggled up next to me. She had turned off the lamp but I could still see by the light of the moon. I fell back asleep thinking about how lucky I was.
It seemed like I had just closed my eyes and the sun was shining in my face. I left Lori in bed and went to work. A farmer's job is never done; move cattle, fix fence, etc. It felt great to be outside. I regretted not staying with Lori but I had work to do and I needed the fresh air. Returning for lunch, I found Lori in the kitchen busy with homework. "Trade you." she said as I came in.
Laughing, "No way! I still have mine to finish."
After fixing a couple of sandwiches for lunch, Lori told me the latest rumors via Vanessa. The prevailing theory: Lori was pregnant and her parents had kicked her out of the house. Laughing, she said "I definitely can't get pregnant now!"
Telling Lori I'd be back in time for dinner, I left. The afternoon passed quickly.
When I got home Mom and Dad were leaving; said they were going out dancing and would be back late. Lori was finishing dinner when I strolled in. She rushed up to hug me then backed off. "You stink!"
"I'll just go take a quick shower, be right back." I said.
"Like hell you will! Dinner will get cold. Besides, if you take a shower who's going to wash your back?"
"I'm more than willing to wait. What's for dinner?" she'd made meatloaf, potatoes and corn. It was very domestic; too bad she was a lousy cook.
I helped clean up then she pulled me upstairs to our room "Get naked." she directed. Always one to obey agreeable orders, I complied.
Lori was already in the shower by the time I walked into the bathroom. God, she looks incredible when she's wet. As soon as I stepped into the shower she was all business. Soap, shampoo, rinse then she was dragging me out. We were both still soaking as we hit the sheets.
Lori sat on my stomach and placed her hands on my chest. "I want you to Love me tonight."
I reached up to fondle her boobs. "I can do that and probably a little more." I moved my hands to her nipples and pinched. I loved how she still blushed! So bold and brazen with me but when I even suggested something remotely sexual she would turn crimson.
She lay down on my chest so I moved my hands to her back then down to her ass. I squeezed and caressed it then playfully spanked her. "HEY!" she yelped.
"What? Don't like that?" I teased. Lori bit my shoulder enough to cause me to cry out "OOOUCH!" until she finally let go. "What the hell?"
"I have to mark my stuff. Better up here than down there, right?"
I rolled us over and pushed myself up. "How should I mark you?" I bent down and lightly bit her left nipple. Her hand caught the side of my head "Ouch!"
"You can't bite me there. You can nibble, lick, suck, and squeeze but no biting" she explained.
"OK, I guess I'll just have to tattoo it somewhere." I joked.
"OK."
Surprised "Wait, what?"
"What, what?"
Fine, If she was going to play it that way, "I'm not so hot on bite marks."
"Suffer, I like how you taste."
Moving lower as we talked, I was just above her mound. "I like how you taste too." Lowering my face, I licked from top to bottom. "Yeeeeoooowww!" she exclaimed. "Keep that up and I'll give you a taste!" she promised.
I ran my tongue back and forth across her clit then pressed it flat rubbing small circles. Lori grabbed my ears and yanked me up "Later! I need you inside me, NOW!"
Only happy to comply, I lined up with her opening and slowly pushed. Entering her, I was amazed how tightly she gripped my shaft. I had to work for every inch as I penetrated her, pushing until I was fully inside and my pubic bone pressed against her clit. Lori wrapped her legs around me grinding against my shaft.
We didn't fuck in the conventional sense. We rocked together, sliding, maybe, half an inch in and out. Her muscles gripped my shaft and pulsated with a growing heat. Lori came almost immediately. Her legs and channel locked down on me so that I had to struggle to even rock back and forth. Her hands grasped my back and her fingernails dug in. A low moaning sound filled my ears. I had read enough porn to know that I should be able to last much longer each time I had sex but try as I might I couldn't.
When her muscles began ripple, spasming along my cock, I struggled to hold out; I'd lost the second I plunged into her. Wrapping my arms around her, I crushed her to me as my cum surged up and exploded into her. As the first shot splashed into her she finally cried out "Mike! CUM! OH GOD! Hot! Fuck me, please! OH GOD!" fingernails scratched across my back as she came. I felt a flood of our juices try to escape as I continued to pump my sperm deep into her.
As our climaxes waned we clung to each other, neither wanting to release the other; it was sex but it was also love.
We lay there for a long time before Lori was able to let go. Looking down at her as she smiled up at me, she said "Yeah."
"Yeah?" I asked.
"Yeah." she confirmed.
Shaking my head, I thought I understood. Then again, with Lori it could mean anything. She got that faraway look. I was finally beginning to recognize it as her visualizing herself doing something 'dirty'. "What are you planning, now?" I asked.
Grinning, she said "It's not what I'm planning to do, it's what you're going to do to me."
"Uh-huh." I shared her grin. "And what am I going to do to you? Besides anything I want?"
She started to blush. "I want you to do what you did last night."
Remembering exactly what I did, I wanted to hear her to say it. "I'm not sure what you want me to do."
I was surprised how red she got but she met my eyes and in almost whisper "I...I want you to lick me."
"Lick you? Where?"
"My butt." As she said it her pussy clenched at my still hard shaft.
Just for fun I said "I thought you said that was gross."
She smiled "It is! It's disgusting!" she replied. "But I like it." Pulling me closer, she whispered "I like it when you lick my pussy, too."
"Yeah, I like it too." Her legs released me so I withdrew a few inches only to slide back in; her head rolled back as she moaned.
"Stop." She gasped. "You can do that in a little bit. Please?" I knew that if I continued she would be just as happy but she wanted to be 'dirty'. An idea popped into my head. I pulled out a little and pushed back in a few times. "Yesssss." she hissed. "Fuck me." Smiling, I picked up the pace, slowly fucking her. Lori started to moan and I could tell she was getting close. I felt like I could go for hours but just as I felt her legs start to wrap around me, I pulled out completely and rolled off the bed.
It took Lori several moments to realize what had happened then her eyes popped open. I walked over to the closet and grabbed her zip-up hoodie and then to the dresser and picked out a pair of panties. I tossed them to her saying "Get dressed." I walked down the hall to my old room and grabbed two pairs of gym shorts and a t-shirt. Dressed, I returned to find Lori still lying in bed. "Hurry up." And tossed her the other pair of shorts.
"Mike? What are you doing? Come back here!" she pleaded.
"Get dressed!" I called back as I headed downstairs. "It'll be worth it!"
I waited by the front door until she sulkily walked downstairs. She stood there in a t-shirt and a pair of her own shorts. "Nuh-uh. Wear what I picked out." I directed. Lori stared at me before sighing and going back upstairs. When she returned a few minutes later she was wearing my shorts that were much too large and the hoodie was zipped up to the top. I smiled and said "OK. Let's go." and led her to my truck.
"Where are we going?" she asked.
"I thought we needed to get something to drink from Sonic."
"You were THIRSTY!" she cried in disbelief and anger.
"Well, that and I did talk to Eric this afternoon. He said that he and Vanessa were going to be watching movies tonight at his house. He told me that if we weren't busy to come on over."
"We WERE busy! Or at least I was busy. What the hell is wrong with you?" she yelled.
Pulling into Sonic and the drive-through, I asked Lori what she wanted but she ignored me. I ordered her a cherry vanilla coke and got an iced-T for me.
I knew she was pissed at me but I hoped that she would forgive me later.
Vanessa's car was at Eric's when we got there. I got out but Lori stayed in the truck. She even locked the door when I tried to open it. Smiling, I used my key. I almost had to drag her out of the truck.
"I'm not going in." she told me.
Nodding, I pulled down the zipper on her hoodie. She had put on a bra. I unzipped it all the way and said "Lose the bra."
"What? No! Not out here!"
"You should have listened. I picked out shorts, panties and a hoodie for a reason. I did not pick out a bra. Off." I explained.
Her lips quirked as what I said sank in. "What do you have planned?"
"Bra." I repeated.
She looked around "Out here? What if the people next door see?" There was just the hint of fear in her voice but it was mixed with excitement.
I reached out and pulled the bra above her breasts, exposing them to any who might be watching. "They'll see the two most beautiful breasts in the world." then reached up, pulling the hoodie off her shoulders.
"This had better be good." she said but shrugged the hoodie off then the bra. She stood there in the moonlight looking wonderful and confident.
"Might want to put that back on or are you planning on showing Eric your tits?" I said, pointing to the sweat-shirt on the ground. She stood there defiantly for a full minute, nipples at full attention, before stooping and picking it up. I swear, I thought she was going to walk into the house like she was but she did put it on and zipped it up. I unzipped it until the zipper was nestled between her breasts, it was obvious that she didn't have on a bra but you couldn't see anything.
We grabbed the drinks and walked to the door. Eric answered after a few minutes. "We're not interrupting anything are we?" I asked.
"Come on in!" he replied. "We're in the TV room. The movie just started." leading us back.
Vanessa was sitting on one of the couches as we walked in but when she saw Lori she bounced to her feet and they hugged. "I'm so glad you're here!" she said "It's been too long since we've hung out."
Lori laughed "You were with me all last week." she replied "I meant to thank you. It's just that..."
Vanessa interrupted "No big deal. I'm just happy I could help."
"You did!" they walked to the couch talking.
I looked at Eric and asked again "We're really not interrupting are we? We can go."
"No and no you can't. Mike, this is our fourth date and I swear I'm not getting anywhere." he said in frustration.
I glanced at Lori and Vanessa. They were huddled together talking and giggling. Then I glanced at the paused movie on the screen. "Eric, how long have you known Vanessa?"
"Since sixth grade."
"What's her favorite food? What's her favorite restaurant? Why does she always wear baggy clothes?"
Eric gaped at me "Uh."
"She loves cheese cake. Olive Garden and she's really self-conscious about her boobs."
"What? Why? They look awesome!" of course he would latch on to that.
"You remember how she developed early, like in eighth grade?" He nodded "Every guy in school noticed too. It freaked her out. Now she thinks the only reason anyone asks her out is because of her boobs. Jay" her last boyfriend, "was a real jerk about it." I explained. "Oh, and her favorite movie is '28 Days Later'. She LOVES blood and gore movies."
"Damn it." he said.
"Be her friend first, boyfriend second." I coached.
Eric shook his head in understanding. "Man, I fucked up."
"Not really," I reassured. "She's here, isn't she?"
"Excuse me a minute." and left the room.
Lori looked up then came over. I noticed she had zipped her sweat-shirt up again. I glanced towards Vanessa and unzipped it again, slightly lower than before then I slipped a hand in for a quick squeeze. Her eyes widened then "Where did Eric go?"
I explained what we had talked about "But I don't know where he went."
About that time he walked back in holding a movie and went over to Vanessa. We couldn't hear what he said but her face lit up. Turning to us, she said "Hey! Change of movie." and held up '28 Weeks Later'.
I grinned and gave a thumbs-up.
Lori and I settled on one couch as Eric turned out the lights and joined Vanessa on the other.
I've never been a fan of zombie type movies but I had to admit, as bad movies went, this one wasn't horrible. Lori jumped and screamed at the appropriate times, Vanessa was clutching Eric's arm.
Lori got up during a lull in the bloodletting "I'll be right back."
Vanessa saw her leave and whispered something to Eric before following Lori. Eric paused the movie. "How do think it's going?" I asked.
He grinned "Great! She's never held me like that before." he exclaimed. "Thanks."
"No problem." I replied. Looking over my shoulder to make sure I wasn't overheard "Put your arm around her. See what happens."
"Man, I don't want to move too fast."
"Trust me. It's not like you're asking her to do anything." I couldn't believe I was giving him basic dating advice!
The girls were whispering when they returned. Lori had a huge grin on her face and Vanessa was giving me furtive glances as she sat next to Eric.
"Ready?" he asked. We all nodded. He un-paused; maniacs, screaming, and blood.
I was actually so caught up in the movie that when Lori put her hand on my thigh, sliding it under my shorts, I jumped. Looking over at Eric, he had his arm around Vanessa and her hand was clutching his thigh. Grinning, I looked back at Lori. She was facing the movie but her hand was busy rubbing my dick.
She glanced at me then back at the TV. I reached over and grabbed the zipper and pulled it down, all the way. She shivered.
The combination of her hand and her nearly completely exposed boobs was having its effect, I was hard almost immediately.
Looking back at the others, they hadn't noticed anything. Lori leaned over and whispered "Eric might get a surprise tonight." I looked questioningly at her "She took her bra off when we were in the bathroom a few minutes ago."
Staring at Vanessa, I couldn't see any difference but just knowing that Lori had seen those huge breasts, uncovered, made my dick surge from stone to steel. Lori squeezed and stroked then bit my ear "Pervert."
"Yeah," I nodded and whispered back "I'm the one with her hand in my pants and her tits hanging out."
"No, that makes me your slut. Are you complaining?" She had started out subtly rubbing me under my pants but she was now openly jacking me off.
"Do we need to leave?" I asked. "I think we might freak those two out if they see you beating me off."
"What about if I suck you off?"
"I think you might scare Vanessa but Eric would enjoy the show." I joked.
"Vanessa is already watching." commented Lori. "And it looks like she's enjoying it."
"What?" and looked over to see that she was watching. I looked down and saw that Lori had pulled my shorts back even farther and was clearly jerking me. My eyes locked onto Vanessa's in the near darkness so I almost didn't feel Lori start to slide down.
"Please?" Lori whispered, need was strong in her voice. She was on her knees before me, sweat-shirt pushed open, tits and hard nipples exposed. I looked back at Vanessa and Eric and they were making out. Vanessa had her hand almost in Eric's crotch, but she would occasionally peek back at us.
She had just placed my head in her mouth and I almost gave in but I knew if I did we would end up doing a lot more than her sucking me off. Her hand was still jerking and I could feel my load building. Glancing over I saw Eric's hands were under Vanessa's sweat-shirt. He was oblivious to us.
"Lori, you need to stop." I gasped. I was getting closer to the edge. It surprised me when she did, completely releasing me. I was so close. Lori stood up and removed something from her pocket, tossing it to me. It was her panties. She walked towards the door. I watched her take off the hoodie and toss it so that it landed next to me. Her shorts followed. I jumped up. Eric and Vanessa were too busy to notice.
Lori was standing naked in the doorway, fingers rubbing small circles on her clit. She put her hand up to stop me from coming closer. "Naked." she whispered.
I watched her masturbate for a couple of minutes, enjoying the sight before pulling my shirt and shorts off and tossing them both onto the couch next to her clothes.
Lori pointed and I looked in time to see Vanessa smile over her shoulder at us as she lifted her sweat-shirt off. Lori knelt and jerked me off for Vanessa's benefit before standing and dragging me off. I got to see just a little side-boob as Lori led me into the kitchen. "Would you rather stand there and look at Vanessa's boobs or come in here and fuck me?"
I smiled at the thought "Well..." I started.
"Maybe I should just blow you while you stare at her." she suggested.
"If you want to show off...I guess we could."
"You wish!" she slapped my arm.
I spun her around so I was behind her, "Sure, I like to look at boobs but I only want these," Cupping hers, I lifted, and squeezed. "Yours are perfect."
"Are you going to do me like this? From behind?" she asked wiggling her butt back against me, wedging my shaft in the cleft of her ass.
"Can you keep it quiet?" I asked, rubbing my cock up and down.
"Do you care?" she asked.
Using my hand to bend my dick down so that I was pressing against her slit, I asked again "Can you be quiet?" Ignoring me, she tried to push down and back but I pulled away.
"Fuck me!" she breathed. "Put it in! Please?" She placed both hands on the counter in front of us and leaned forward. I rubbed against her again causing her to gasp, and then slowly parted her folds as I entered her. I stopped then withdrew. "NO!" she cried. Laughing at her desperation, I slid back in; I didn't stop until her butt was pressed against me. Lori stretched her arms out and lay forward. "YESSSSSSS!" she hissed.
I guess she was quiet but she was right, I didn't care. I was buried inside her tight, hot pussy. I had the most beautiful ass in my hands and I was supercharged from her jerking me off in front of Vanessa.
Pulling almost all the way out, I pushed back in. Lori panted as I started thrusting in and out. "Fuck! That feels so good." she groaned.
On auto-pilot, I started to saw in and out. Lori continued to gasp and moan, stopping every now and then to shake her head, almost violently, and shudder through an orgasm. Her already tight pussy got even tighter but she was so wet I didn't have a lot of trouble.
I wasn't sure how long we'd been fucking but she suddenly collapsed onto the counter and put her hands behind her. "Stop. Please. I need...stop please...it feels too good. I can't take anymore." She was trying to be quiet but there was no way Eric and Vanessa didn't hear her. I kept pumping. "OOOOHHH GOD! You fucker!" she moaned loudly. I was grinning ear to ear as she came again. Her fists pounding the counter as she screamed "GOD DAMN IT! DON"T STOP! FUCK ME!" arching up and pushing back as it slammed through her. She whimpered and cried as she shook and her cunt clamped down on me so hard that I wasn't moving. With her head shaking as it ran its course, she tried to hold it in with a steady stream of softly spoken curses.
As her orgasm ended, her sheath released me and she slid to her knees. I took a single step back and she spun around, taking my cock into her mouth. I leaned back against the counter as she engulfed me.
Close to cumming, I heard the shocked gasps. Tearing my eyes away from watching Lori, I saw Vanessa standing with Eric behind her in the doorway. She was still topless and her tits were magnificent, massive and firm, capped with huge dark red nipples! Eric slipped a hand around to hold her left boob as they watched.
My eyes met Vanessa's and I lost it. "FUUUUCK!" I grabbed Lori's head began thrusting deep. She groaned in gratification as I rammed into her throat. When I erupted, Lori grabbed my hips, holding me in place. Swallowing and drawing my cum out. I kept pumping what felt like gallons of sperm into her mouth. Vanessa's eyes got bigger and bigger as I kept cumming. Lori couldn't swallow it all and backed off as I kept spurting. Lori's hand moved to my shaft and started pumping, coaxing me to keep shooting my load all over her face and chest. She took me back into her mouth as I finally stopped spurting to suck me clean, all the way to the base of my cock. She continued sucking until I was completely limp then popped me out and slurped up all traces of my cum off me and then her hand.
I kept shifting my eyes between watching Vanessa and Eric watching us and Lori. Lori won out, the lust on her face, not to mention my cum, was something to see.
Satisfied I was clean enough, she stood and put her arms around my neck. I gave her a grin as she gave me a passionate kiss. Her face was covered in my cum and her tongue and mouth tasted of me but I didn't care. I returned as good as I got. We would have continued but Vanessa finally broke the silence with a quiet "Oh my God!"
Lori had been totally unaware of their presence and she spun around at the sound, her eyes wide. "OOOOOOOP!" she cried in surprise and tried to cover her nakedness. It was so funny, I burst out laughing. Lori looked back at me then to Eric then Vanessa before starting to snicker. Suddenly a snort escaped. Eyes widening with each snort and laugh, she sank to the floor in hysterics and lay there quivering in laughter.
They both looked stunned. Finally, Eric cautiously asked "Dude, is she alright?" I nodded. "Man! That was...I mean, we knew you guys were probably, you know, 'doing it' but..." Lori let out several loud snorts at that and hooted with laughter!
Eric squeezed Vanessa's tit again causing her to look down in shock "OHMYGOD!" throwing her hands up to cover herself.
"Bit late for that." I was still standing there naked to all but felt no need to cover up. "And thanks, I know you don't like to show them off but I've always wondered what they looked like."
Vanessa looked at me then at Lori who was struggling to her feet. (OK, I helped her.) Then lowered her hands. "He's right. They look great." commented Lori.
Eric, the only one still fully dressed, was looking back and forth between Lori and Vanessa then at me. "Damn it. Damn it. DAMN IT! I missed out AGAIN!"
I didn't really understand that but Vanessa turned and grabbing his hands, deliberately placed them on her breasts. "I am not doing what they just did. At least not tonight, but maybe we can work something out."
Vanessa turned back to us and shook her boobs as Eric stood there stunned until she led him back to the other room.
Lori turned back around and hugged me. "I'm still pissed that you didn't do what I wanted but this was more fun."
"Good. Now go get our clothes."
We dressed and left without saying anything. Lori told me they were busy.