It was a month after the survivors of the HMS Intrepid landed on the tropical moon when Miss Anabella Locke took her first unprompted steps into scandalous behavior.
---
Of course, propriety had suffered a few blows by this point. The four survivors had discarded most of their clothing on their second day to survive the humidity. After a day or so of watching each other move and work in near-nudity, lust had gotten the better of them, and they had pleasured themselves in full view of one another, and even provided each other some assistance in critical moments.
Rather than treat this night as a shameful aberration, they had let it become part of their routine. They would spend the day working on their shelter in the gentle hills overlooking the lagoon, and searching for the planet's sweet red-orange fruit, and hunting for fish with crude nets and spears. They would prepare an evening meal together, and eat it as they watched the sun descend. Then, as night fell, they would gather on the stitched-together mattress that took up the entirety of their shelter, strip, and seek out their pleasure.
They were never alone in their efforts. The shelter was small enough that they could only fit if they were touching one another, and they generally took this as license to provide assistance to one another, with hands and words and occasionally legs or hips.
Miss Anabella Locke, whose parents had raised her to save all carnal behavior for marriage, had reached climax while grinding against her maidservant Shanti's lovely hip on more than one occasion. She had listened to Ciara's teasing, and discovered that it continued even after Anabella's fingers had brought Ciara to her fullest. And, in spite of the impropriety of such contact with a man, Anabella had let her footman Roger bring her to her peak with his fingers, and had stroked his manhood until he spilled his seed on her.
There were no fixed partners. Although no one had discussed it beforehand, they all seemed content to help whoever was closest to them, and let their breathless cries of pleasure be shared for everyone's benefit.
On the night when Anabella introduced a new degree of scandal, the four friends had gathered under their newly-constructed roof. Ciara had been experimenting with stews, and the four of them watched the sun setting as they contentedly ate the last of the day's variant.
"That is quite the view," Roger murmured.
"The stew was lovely tonight, as well," Anabella added. "Thank you, Ciara."
"I know of a way you could thank me," Ciara said with a grin and a raised eyebrow.
"She'd do that even if the stew was bad," Shanti replied. "She's kind like that."
"Let's not waste time with such hypotheticals," Ciara said. "Miss Anabella, would you join me for a social event this evening?"
Anabella wasn't sure how anyone could refuse. Ciara was shorter than Anabella by a few inches, but markedly curvier in places. Her curly red hair fell across her shoulders, not quite reaching the swell of her breasts. Her voice, soft at times and sharp at others, had helped Anabella reach a climax more times than she could count in the past few weeks.
"I accept your invitation," Anabella said. "You are such a welcoming hostess."
Roger chuckled. "The social event of the evening."
Anabella smiled at him. He'd acquired a bit of a tan in their month on the moon, even though the moon's atmosphere let in little UV light. The work of constructing the shelter, and finding food and water, had perhaps left him stronger than before. His muscles were not ostentatious; they didn't constantly show off and demand attention, but rather showed themselves at quiet moments and made Anabella want to see what they felt like.
Indeed, Anabella herself was a bit more muscular than she had been before this adventure began. It was not proper for a well-bred lady to do heavy lifting, but she had found a surprising sense of satisfaction in the work of constructing their shelter and fishing in the moon's warm oceans. She noticed the others watching her sometimes, when she lifted a log or emerged from the sea carrying a net, and it invigorated her in a way that proper social functions never had.
Shanti wrapped her arm around Roger and leaned her head against his shoulder. "I would like to invite you to another event," she murmured.
Ciara smiled. "I think he'll be delighted to attend. Is there a dress code?"
Shanti turned to face Ciara, standing just in front of Roger.
"I am glad you asked," she said. She unbuttoned her makeshift skirt, then slowly slid it down, bending over at the waist to do so. Roger stared, trying desperately to take in every detail, from the way her black hair flipped forward to the gorgeous brown expanse of her back to the way her lips peeked out from behind her bush.
Shanti kicked her skirt off, then stood back up.
"The dress code is to dress as I do," she said.
Ciara chuckled. "I think Roger has that outfit clean."
A part of Anabella wanted to intervene, when Ciara and Shanti teased Roger like this. He was her friend, after all. He'd always been kind to her, and she was certain that if they were rescued tomorrow, he would never tell anyone that he had seen her naked, or kissed her neck in the spot that made her knees weak, or sprayed his seed across her bosom.
And yet, Roger never seemed to be bothered by their teasing. He blushed, but he smiled while he did it. They smiled, too, and if they had ever meant to hurt him, surely they would have grown weary of failing.
Anabella was pulled away from her musings by Ciara planting a kiss on her shoulder. It wasn't a demand for attention so much as a request, but Anabella wrapped her arms around Ciara all the same.
Their two social events were certainly not competing. Anabella watched out of the corner of her eye as Roger pulled Shanti close, one arm wrapped around her shoulders, the other hand cupping her posterior. Shanti moaned, and Anabella couldn't tell if it was from Roger's kiss, or his hand, or his manhood pressing against her hips.
Her friends' arousal, the pleasure they gave one another, was like the wind in her sails. And yet, tonight, Ciara was the current that bore her along. Anabella leaned in close and kissed her, their lips dancing as they gauged each other's moods.
The ways in which they each kissed was a bit of knowledge that Anabella could never admit to, if rescue arrived. Ciara was playful; her kisses were for exploring, and tasting, and provoking. Anabella could feel her smiling when their lips touched, and even if she couldn't tell what the joke was, she knew she was in on it.
Shanti was a deep well of passion; she smiled and joked like Ciara but when she got going her kisses barely left Anabella time to breathe. Roger was patient, so careful not to go faster than she wanted, and yet sometimes she felt his stubble against her soft cheek and wished he would.
Anabella kissed a path from Ciara's mouth down along her chin and across her collarbone, thrilling at the motion as she felt Ciara's every movement.
"The social event is up here," Ciara chuckled.
Anabella smiled at her. The incongruity of using such manners as they embraced each other's naked bodies was not lost on her. A part of her wanted to remember how to be a proper lady, and another part of her reveled in being as improper as she could.
"Forgive me," Anabella replied. "I was searching for refreshments."
"You certainly look thirsty," Ciara said.
Anabella wondered if she could find a place to kiss Ciara that would stop her from teasing, if only for a bit, or if the teasing ran too deep for that. She resolved to try it.
She moved down, leaving a trail of soft kisses from Ciara's collarbone onto her bosom. Ciara's breasts were soft, and her freckles faded away as Anabella moved down. Before they landed here, Ciara's breasts hadn't gotten enough sun to pick up quite so many freckles. Anabella wondered what they'd look like if they stayed here for years, away from the Victorian Star Empire and all of its expectations, living on their own terms.
Rather than keep following that train of thought, she leaned in and took Ciara's nipple into her mouth. Ciara gasped, then moaned softly, a long musical sound that rose and fell with Anabella's lips. Anabella felt the nipple stiffen in her mouth as Ciara's blood stirred, and her heart raced in response.
Anabella glanced over to see Shanti and Roger wrapped in each other's arms, kissing each other too deeply to notice her back. Shanti rocked her hips against his, his manhood pressed against her belly. She had a momentary worry that Shanti would let her lovely passions get the better of her, but she pushed it aside.
"When I said you were thirsty, this is not what I meant," Ciara said. She ran a free hand through Anabella's brown hair, and Anabella leaned into her touch.
"What did you mean, then?" Anabella asked, in between kisses.
"I meant for kisses, miss."
"And I am getting them," Anabella said, placing a kiss between Ciara's breasts.
"No, you're giving them."
"When one is invited to a social occasion, one ought to bring a gift for the hostess," Anabella said. She kissed her way down, along Ciara's sternum and across the pale skin of her belly.
Ciara hummed, somewhere between a moan and a chuckle. "It might not match the rest of my decor, but it's lovely."
Anabella continued moving down, her kisses reaching Ciara's hip and following the ridge down. She could feel the moment when Ciara tensed up, wondering how far down she would go, and she smiled.
Ciara's fingers gripped Anabella's shoulder tightly as she skirted Ciara's red bush, moving along the top of her thigh. Anabella could smell Ciara's excitement as she drew close to her lips. A well-bred lady was not supposed to notice the smell of another person, unless they wore some sort of perfume, according to Anabella's etiquette instructor back in the Empire. She decided, then, that Ciara's wetness must be a perfume, because she did not want to ignore it.
Ciara made the prettiest moan when Anabella placed her first gentle kiss on her lips. It was high and gasping, as though she could hardly move out of sudden pleasure. Anabella smiled, and ran her tongue gently along Ciara's lovely cleft. Ciara's perfume was everywhere, in every piece of her awareness, and her wetness coated Anabella's lips. She explored, her tongue venturing inside Ciara's valley, her arms grasping Ciara's legs to feel her every motion.
"Oh, little bird," Ciara gasped.
This didn't sound like teasing to Anabella, but she was too engaged to think much about that question. She pulled Ciara's lips close and parted them with her tongue, circling Ciara's pearl and delighting in her moaning.
"My social event has some lovely entertainment," Ciara said.
Anabella realized belatedly that Ciara wasn't just speaking to her. She glanced over to see Roger and Shanti watching with rapt interest. Shanti was still stroking Roger, who gave every sign of excitement, but their attention was clearly on her.
Anabella drew back, the blood rushing to her cheeks.
"Oh, please don't stop," Ciara said, locking eyes with Anabella. "I promise, if I'm embarrassing you I can stop my teasing for at least a minute."
Leave it to Ciara, Anabella thought, to promise to stop teasing in a way that still felt like teasing. Still, she was about to resume her ministrations when Roger spoke.
"How do you do it?"
Anabella felt her blush deepening, but she spoke. "It...is something like kissing. It is more art than science, certainly."
Shanti turned to Roger.
"Do you think our social event could benefit from some art?" she asked, biting her lip.
With a smile, and one last kiss on her mouth, Roger moved down and knelt at Anabella's side. Shanti opened her legs, and he moved between them, leaning in to taste her.
Shanti and Ciara both moaned as Anabella resumed her explorations and Roger began his. It was exhilarating to hear their pleasure rising, to hear each gasp and purr that she and Roger could bring out.
Anabella accidentally bumped her hand against Roger's, and she felt him release his grip on Shanti's leg and reach for her. She reached across and placed her hand on his. She squeezed gently, and felt him return the gesture. It was nice to have a partner in her explorations, she thought as she ran her tongue along Ciara's pearl.
Anabella could tell she was getting Ciara closer to her release. Her tone of voice was the clearest tell, but Anabella could feel it, too. Ciara's legs grew tense, her wetness covered Anabella's lips, and her flower opened for Anabella's tongue.
It was beautiful, too, to feel the ways in which they all helped each other. Roger held her hand, even as he gripped Shanti's other thigh to pull her close. She squeezed his hand when Shanti or Ciara moaned emphatically, and he squeezed back. He was her partner, even as Ciara was her partner, and the two of them joined her to Shanti. They were a ring, a team, subverting all sorts of Victorian ideals in the most exhilarating manner.
Shanti came apart first. Roger gripped Anabella's hand tightly as Shanti wrapped her legs around his head, pulling him close as his tongue drove her to her peak. She cried out, her hips rising off of their makeshift bed to be as close to Roger as they could. She wailed, and thrust her hips, and Roger squeezed Anabella with the rhythm of her climax.
"Yes," Ciara moaned. At first it was a word of support, as Shanti moaned and tried to catch her breath. But Anabella could feel Ciara squirming, not to move her but because she couldn't stay still, and her word of support for Shanti became her own mantra.
"Oh. Yes!" she cried, her hands gripping Anabella's hair and holding her close. Anabella felt Ciara's entire womanhood contract as the waves of pleasure broke across her. Ciara's lips tightened around her tongue and released it, again and again, in time with her moans and her racing heart.
Anabella realized, as she and Ciara caught their breath, that she'd been gripping Roger's hand so tightly that it must have hurt him. She looked over to him, an unspoken apology in her glance. He smiled at her, Shanti's wetness covering his short beard and a warm smile on his face, and Anabella knew that no apology was needed.
"Thank you, miss Anabella," Roger said. "I don't know if I would have thought of that."
"She's full of ideas," Ciara said.
"She is," Shanti agreed. She turned her gaze towards Roger and smiled.
"I just need to figure out how to translate them."
"Hmm," Ciara said. "Start by having him lie down."
Shanti pushed herself up and scooted around, giving Roger room to lie down. He did so, hesitantly, his manhood already standing erect.
"You too, little bird," Ciara said.
It was a patently absurd nickname, Anabella thought. She was taller than Ciara, and not particularly avian either. And yet, she found herself smiling, and blushing at the intimacy of it even as she lay back and parted her legs.
She set her hand down, and Roger held it, just as he had before. She glanced at him, naked in the moonlight, smiling his friendly smile for her. She smiled back, and she was still doing so when Ciara first kissed her womanhood.
"Oh," she moaned. Roger's smile broadened for a moment, his eyes twinkling. He held Anabella's gaze as Ciara began her ministrations, her lips pressing against Anabella's and bringing her wetness out. But after a moment, Shanti wrapped her lips around the head of his cock, and he moaned softly and closed his eyes.
Anabella squeezed Roger's hand as Ciara ran her tongue along Anabella's cleft, not parting her lips but caressing them softly. Anabella couldn't tell if that counted as teasing or not, but in the moment she couldn't be bothered to worry over it.
Roger squeezed Anabella's hand back, and she glanced over to see what Shanti was doing to provoke him. Shanti's head was making gentle circles as her lips and tongue enveloped the head of his cock. As Anabella watched, Shanti lowered her head, letting Roger's shaft slide between her lips. He groaned, out of some mixture of pleasure and a desire for more.
Anabella smiled, running her hand through Ciara's hair as she watched.
"Are you enjoying yourself, sir?"
He smiled. "This is quite the social event."
"You are beautiful like this," Anabella said. She hadn't exactly meant to say it, but it was true and she couldn't help it.
Roger groaned. "That is kind of you," he said, looking at Shanti's black hair bouncing up and down. "But my own beauty is the furthest from my mind."
"That is why I tell you," Anabella noted. "You could hardly miss Shanti's twinkling eyes, or Ciara's smile..."
Roger chuckled. "Right this second I might."
Anabella shook her head. "No, her smile is there. I can feel it."
Ciara giggled, her laughter slowly rising until she had to pause. "Are you teasing me, miss Anabella?" she asked.
"No," Anabella replied indignantly, as Ciara moved up to look into her eyes. "I was only trying to help Roger along."
Ciara slid her fingers between Anabella legs, almost instantly finding a rhythm that picked up where her tongue had left off.
"And what do you think I'm doing when I tease, miss?" Ciara asked. She kissed Anabella before she could reply, their lips wet with mutual excitement, and Anabella found herself unable to reply for a long moment.
"I tease you because I know where it gets you," Ciara went on, her fingers deftly sending Anabella higher. "And you are so pretty when you're helpless beneath all of your pleasure."
Anabella gathered her wits. "So are you, and Shanti," she said. "So is Roger."
"I know," Ciara said. "And it's sweet that you want to help them." She glanced over at Shanti as her head rose and fell rhythmically, and at Roger's slide towards overwhelming pleasure.
"I think it would help Roger if you came apart, though," Ciara said. Roger groaned, his gaze shifting between Anabella and Shanti. Anabella squeezed his hand, and felt him squeeze back.
"Shanti is doing far more to help him than I am," Anabella moaned.
"Let's not worry over who's doing the most," Ciara said. "We'll all be taken care of."
Roger moaned softly, a sound that blended into his breathing until his pleasure was inseparable from his existence. His peak was in sight, and he held Shanti close with his legs, straining upward with excitement and desperation both.
Anabella herself was drawing close. Roger squeezed her hand, even as he watched Shanti, and Anabella felt his excitement flood into her. They were all climbing together, she thought. It didn't matter what class they came from, or what Victorian society would think; they were climbing a mountain older than humanity itself, and they were doing it together.
Roger ran his fingers through Shanti's hair. Anabella could see the tension, see him torn between guiding her and surrendering to her. For herself, she could do nothing but surrender to Ciara's touch. The deliciousness of ceding control to someone who society would have expected her to command was almost as intoxicating as Ciara's smirk.
"Shanti," Roger moaned. As he passed the point of no return, he decided on surrender, and let his hand slide down to Shanti's shoulder. His eyes scrunched shut, his pleasure demanding the entirety of his attention.
"Shanti," he repeated, holding her tightly, his voice ragged with effort. "Oh, yes. Oh, please. Yes!"
Anabella could see Shanti's smile as she drove Roger over the edge. Even with her mouth decidedly full, the crinkle at the edge of her mouth told Anabella of the joy she took from bringing him to his climax. He cried out wordlessly as he came. Anabella watched his head roll back as the pleasure overwhelmed him. She watched his cock twitch as he held tightly onto Shanti's shoulder and Anabella's hand, unable to hold himself back even if he'd wanted to.
"Beautiful," Ciara whispered in Anabella's ear, as Roger fell back exhausted. Anabella could hardly gather words enough for a reply. She watched Shanti's satisfied smile, as she withdrew Roger's cock from her lips and swallowed his seed. She watched Roger wrap his arm around her, as she climbed up and lay at his side, even as he squeezed Anabella's hand.
It shouldn't work this way, Anabella thought, as she felt herself rising inexorably. She shouldn't feel her friends' pleasure as clearly as she did, their joy washing over her as clearly as her own. She shouldn't enjoy the desperate squeeze of Roger's hand as he came as much as if she'd brought him there herself.
"You see what you've done?" Ciara whispered, as if reading her mind. "This was all your idea."
Anabella moaned as Ciara's fingers traced a determined orbit, circling her pearl and slipping between her lips. She didn't falter, even as Anabella raised her hips to meet Ciara's fingers. Ciara leaned in close and kissed her, sparing her from having to think of a witty reply when all she could think about was the warmth of Ciara's touch.
Anabella gasped, breaking the kiss, as she felt herself pass the point of no return.
"That's it," Ciara said softly. "Show me."
Anabella looked into Ciara's twinkling green eyes as she fell. They caught her, just as their tropical moon had, holding her in warmth amid the vastness of the universe. She grabbed Ciara's wrist and held on tightly as the waves of heat broke across her, her body singing for Ciara's touch. Roger squeezed her hand, and Ciara kept her hands in perfect motion, and together they carried her.
She fell back gasping, and Ciara nestled against her side. The last flashes of pleasure raced along her nerves, and she couldn't tell if there had been a half-dozen or a hundred. Her joy was too much to understand, and she wasn't sure if she could. She hoped that living in its pleasure, and welcoming her friends into it, would be enough.
---
They didn't speak for some time. It could have been minutes, or hours; none of them could tell. Shanti curled up along Roger's side, her leg draped across his, her hand on his stomach. Ciara rested her head on Anabella's shoulder, one hand cupped around Anabella's breast.
"Does my teasing really bother you, little bird?" Ciara asked.
Anabella thought. "I am not used to it," she said. "Teasing is rarely kind-spirited among the nobility."
"Perhaps," Ciara said. "But you seem to be enjoying many things that the nobility don't usually enjoy."
Anabella chuckled, feeling the heat rising to her cheeks.
"Just know that I do it with kindness," Ciara said. "I would have done it sooner, if Victorian society had let me."
Anabella smiled, her hand running up and down Ciara's side.
"I ought to regret this, or feel shame over it," Anabella said. "But I don't. I don't want it to end."
"Don't worry over that, little bird," Ciara said. "We'll deal with rescue someday, perhaps. But not tonight."
Anabella nodded. Slowly, she pulled herself closer, pressing Ciara's curly hair against her cheek and feeling her body rise and fall with her breathing. She considered speaking, but her presence seemed to say everything that needed to be said.
---
"I like doing art with you," Shanti murmured.
"You're a lovely artist," Roger replied. "And a pretty canvas."
Shanti smiled, but it faded after a moment. "I liked what you did with your tongue," she said. "And I liked having you inside me. But, I was tempted for a moment to...come up and sit on you."
Roger shifted and kissed the top of her head. "I know that temptation."
"Will you stop me from doing anything I regret?"
"Yes," he said. "I don't ever want to hurt you."
She nestled against his chest. "Thank you."
---
Obviously, there were layers of scandalous behavior here. Anabella's acceptance of their ongoing nudity was one. Letting Ciara kiss her womanhood was another layer, although forgivable in many circles. But her decisions to kiss Ciara's womanhood, and to let Ciara give her a pet name, were far more serious. Opinions may differ about which one was more serious, but either one would have shocked Victorian society with its impropriety.
Regardless, the worst of it all was that Anabella could no longer claim to be a passenger. She had led her friends into deeper scandal, and made it far more difficult to move beyond it.
If Anabella had restrained their behavior, she might have left them in a reasonable state for rescue to arrive. But Anabella thought of rescue far less often now, and when she did, she hoped it would remain distant. She lost no sleep worrying about the social costs of her behavior. Indeed, as she lay at Roger's side, with Ciara resting on her bosom and Shanti's fingers just touching her side, she slept better than she ever had before.
---
I want to thank SylviDoll and my wife for their editorial help.