Strip-Off: Vengeance!
Part 2
After introducing the contestants, Arrow waved down the audience and waited for them to calm down. Though their voices had lowered, something else was clearly rising in the audience- the visible signs of arousal. Arrow was about to announce the first challenge...
Arrow grinned. "Alright! For our first challenge, we have... The Twisted Strings of Fate!"
A spotlight shone down upon a large Twister mat, big enough to barely fit six people. Lying next to the mat were various leather harnesses and restraints connected by red ropes, as well as some rotor vibrators.
Maya looked at the setup with skepticism. "Sexy Twister. Isn't that a bit... unoriginal?"
Kyrie chuckled. "Interesting, interesting! This appears to not be just a NORMAL round of sexy twister. Rather, it is Twister... with a TWIST!" She laughed and choked over her bad joke.
Sam shook her head in dismay. "So... the rules...?"
"Alright, so this game is played in three teams of two." Arrow clicked their remote, and the pairings were shown up on the screen: Rook and Kyrie, Sam and Maya, and Tanya and Hina.
Tanya grinned. "Ooh, I get to play with a lil' cutie this round!"
Hina blushed. "Go easy on me, okay? Tee hee!"
Arrow explained the rules. "Okay, so: in this game, first place loses no clothing, the second place team loses one piece each, and the third place team loses two each. It plays like normal Twister- I'll be spinning this wheel, and depending on where it lands, you will need to put an arm or a leg on one of the dots on the Twister mat. I'll do this for each contestant in turn. However, there is a catch! You and your partner will be connected by ropes, attached to harnesses at the waist, ankles, and wrists. You will also have vibrators attached to your crotches and nipples, which will gradually increase in intensity as the game goes on. Thus, as you play, you may end up tangled up with other players, and, well, if any of you squirm around too much... you may cause both yourself and the people around you to fall over! By the way- if one person from your team is disqualified, then the entire team is out- but they have to stay on the mat, writhing in pleasure for the rest of the game! Now, who's ready to play?"
The contestants all helped each other into their harnesses, then attached the vibrators to their sensitive areas. Arrow turned on the vibrators, and all the contestants flinched a bit as a soft buzzing began to stimulate their sensitive parts. They took their places on the mat, facing the crowd.
Arrow smiled and spun the wheel. Rook was the first to go. "Left foot, blue!"
Rook shrugged and shifted her foot a bit. It was easy, so far.
"Next, Kyrie- Right hand, red!"
Kyrie, whose right hand was attached to Rook's left by a short, elastic rope, bent over to touch the ground in front of her. Rook was forced to bend over as well.
In a similar fashion, Sam, Maya, Tanya, and Hina took their turns. After two more rounds, all the contestants were more or less on all fours, a bit tangled up with their partners but still relatively free to move about.
At this point, the intensity of the vibrators went up, and some of the contestants were squirming a bit. Rook let out a bit of a gasp, and she turned red as her penis became erect from the stimulation, a clear bulge appearing in her suit.
"Ahh... Mmm... d-don't look down there...!"
Arrow spun the wheel again. "Your turn, Rook! Right foot, yellow!"
Rook paled. Yellow was right in the front. She would have to shift her leg from under her and spread her legs to the audience in order to get that position.
Rook gritted her teeth and lifted her leg. She gasped as the vibrators on her nipples gently teased her chest, and shook a bit as she planted her leg. She arched back her body and moaned, her erect member now on full display to the audience, her arousal and shame fully visible for all to see.
The crowd cheered, being given a better view. Most of them had never seen a woman's penis before- though her body was male, her demeanor and her desperate arousal were unquestionably female.
Kyrie, being attached to Rook, had to shift around a bit to compensate for her partner's shift in balance. Rook was wriggling around a lot now, and Kyrie found it a bit harder to stay steady.
Arrow called out: "Kyrie! Left hand black!"
Kyrie looked confused. "Black? There is no black on a Twister mat..." She looked down and gasped- all the dots had been scrambled, with multiple new colors in the mix. Black was a ways across the mat, directly underneath Sam. Kyrie snaked her arm under Sam's body and planted it. She grinned a bit. "Interesting... looks like you've forced me into Sam's space to get us a bit more tangled! I suppose I could think of it as a catalyst for an experiment..."
Arrow spoke again. "Sam! Right hand teal!"
Teal was on the other side of Kyrie's body, so she was forced to lift herself up with her legs a bit and wrap her body and arm over Kyrie to get to the teal dot.
Sam blushed. "Oh, um, sorry, Kyrie. I hope you don't, uh, mind that I'm on your back..."
Kyrie grinned. "Fascinating! So this is the 'Doggy Position' I've heard so much about! Hmm, though perhaps it wasn't really designed for two females... you have lovely boobs, by the way."
Sam blushed and tried to push herself up so that her boobs weren't resting on Kyrie's back, but ultimately failed in doing so.
Arrow's next callout forced Maya to shift a leg towards the front and away from her partner- but since Sam was already far away, Maya shifting away caused her to spread her legs, right in front of Tanya's face.
Tanya licked her lips. "Hee hee, are you inviting me to have a meal? Spreading your legs in front of me like that... How indecent! Someone needs to be pu-nished~"
Maya's eyes widened. "Nononowait- AAAAHMmmmmm...!"
Tanya slowly, agonizingly dragged her tongue over Maya's crotch. Her porous skin-tight suit didn't provide much protection from Tanya's sexual onslaught. Her squirming and moaning caused Sam to start shifting around and unintentionally humping and rubbing her body on Kyrie.
Hina grinned. "Hee hee, I got lucky this round! My partner is a BEAST! Don't worry, Tanya, you can move around- I'm flexible and small enough that I can handle you tugging at our bindings a bit!"
The minutes passed. Arrow called out a few more commands- ropes stretched and became entangled, legs were spread and closed, faces were shoved into bosoms and crotches. The contestants became desperately horny- the vibrators were causing their legs to shake, and something would have to give soon...
...and that something was Maya.
"N-no... p-please, I'm begging, you, please stop licking, I can't take it, Tanyaaaaa...!"
Tanya grinned. "Okay." She gave Maya's pussy one light peck before pulling back her head.
But that didn't stop Maya from shaking and moaning in pleasure. She could feel every breath that Tanya took. The vibrators shook and buzzed louder and louder in her ears. And her partner, Sam, was still humping Kyrie, having long forgotten the game. The tangled ropes had forced her legs and hands open, forcing her to rest a lot of her weight on Kyrie, who was taking great pleasure in all the humping.
Maya groaned. "Ahhh, I can't take it, I wanna cum... Please lick me more...!"
Tanya grinned evilly. "I thought you didn't want me to lick you, hmm?"
"I- I- Ahhhhhhnm! I'm so close! I wanna cum, oh, please, Mistress, I'm begging you, please let me cum- AHHHH!"
With one last lick, Tanya forced Maya to cum. She fell back onto her butt and came over and over into her suit. Seeing this, Sam came too, having been tormented for about half an hour while being forced into humping Kyrie.
Arrow grinned. "One team down, two to go!"
The crowd cheered as the remaining two teams struggled to move around despite their heavy arousal. Rook especially was having a hard time, her erect penis being painfully strained as she struggled to keep herself from cumming. Her dick swung and wobbled as she shook her hips desperately, moaning and begging for release while entangled with Kyrie.
Finally, Rook couldn't take it anymore. "Ahhhn! I'm... I'm sorry, Kyrie...! I'm soooo horny...!"
She immediately sat on the ground and began stroking her cock. She came with an ecstatic look on her face, her tongue hanging out of her mouth and her eyes rolled back in her head, rubbing her cock furiously with one hand while fondling herself with the other.
"Game over, folks! The winners are Hina and Tanya! Let's give them a round of applause!"
Hina ripped off her vibrators, gasping and panting. "Ahhh... I'm so embarrassed! I spent most of the game showing off my butt to the audience..."
Tanya grinned. "Thanks for the meal, Maya!"
Maya covered her face. "Ugnnn... no fair...!"
Arrow clicked their remote, and soon, the penalties were applied. Kyrie and Rooks' arms were exposed, while Maya and Sam got stripped down to what was essentially a one-piece swimsuit. Sam blushed, a bit embarrassed to be showing off her shoulders and thighs this early on. Maya sighed. "You get used to it, Sam. It's fine- uh... Sam?"
Sam was panting with excitement. She seemed to have a lust crazed look in her eyes. "Ahhh... I've never felt this humiliated before... I feel so... so... free...!"
Her gaze fell hungrily upon Kyrie.
Kyrie blushed. "Um, hey, wait, you were just humping me for half an hour, don't-!" Sam disregarded her. She jumped on the doctor and started making out with her passionately.
Arrow scratched their head and looked at their notes. "Oh, right. Sam has a sort of split personality. Her other half is a nymphomaniac. I guess spending all day at an office job left her with a bunch of pent-up desires...?"
Kyrie was moaning as Sam started biting her neck and flicking her nipples. "H-hey, s-stop, I... n-no way I can gather data like this-! AAAHN!"
Arrow winked at the camera. "Well, let's leave them to it. Say hi if you see any of our contestants on the street, ESPECIALLY if they're indecent! See you all next time!"