I'm Jenny, a twenty-six year old female with blonde hair, tan skin, a fit butt, I'm bald from the eyebrows down to my toes and I have an addiction to public humiliation. I threw out all of my panties and bras when I turned eighteen, knowing I wouldn't need them anymore. This story is about the first time I tied myself up in public, at the mall, and purposely humiliated myself.
Before going to the mall, I put on a super short micro-mini skirt that barely reached the bottom of my naked ass cheeks, a very tight white T-shirt that had holes where my bare and hard nipples were and some normal looking sneakers. I arrived at the very crowded mall, found a parking spot near the entrance and began to get ready using my handcuffs, rope, plugs, and vibes. Before going into the mall, I had inserted a large, pink, dildo-like butt plug five inches into my pink asshole and it stuck five inches out of my ass, too so it was clearly visible. I then handcuffed myself behind my back and left the keys in the pocket of my nipple-revealing T-shirt. That was it, there was no turning back.
Upon entering the mall, everyone was staring at me. As I walked, I felt the butt plug moving against the walls of my asshole, turning me on, and I was immediately getting wet from the looks I was getting. People came up close and took pictures as well as videos of my condition. They were getting clear shots of my hard nipples sticking through the holes of my nearly see-through shirt. Some mocked me and some laughed. Every once in a while, my skirt would catch the wind and rise up, exposing my ass and my large butt plug.
Even while standing, you could see there was something sticking out of ass but when the skirt blew up, my ass cheeks and clean shaven pussy were pretty obvious to see. As I kept walking, there were whispers, some shouted "whore" and "slut" and some were wondering what the hell I was doing. Many noticed the butt plug in my ass and were calling me out on it but that just got me wetter.
As I passed more people, I felt like my ass wasn't exposed enough so I used my fingers to grab the hem of the skirt and lifted it above my belly button, where it stayed. As I did this, there were people staring at my private parts and, with people taking pictures, it started a trend that lead to more and more people getting very close to me to get a good look at my gaping asshole, with my butt plug in it, and tits. My skirt was high enough that my pussy was out in the open as well and could be seen by anyone. I was probably going to be all over the internet. While still walking through the mall, I stepped onto the up escalator to the food court. As I arrived at the food court, I realized people were everywhere and each passerby took a good look at my clean shaven pussy and my hard nipples.
Again, groups of people gathered around me to take pictures, some coming so close with their phones that they were literally inches from my pussy and could probably see the goosebumps on it. I could do nothing about the state of my handcuffed hands. The people who took pictures of my pussy and noticed how wet I was called me out by saying I got turned on by publicly exposing myself. More and more people gathered around me and, before I knew it, there were at least fifty people trying to get a picture of me in my slutty state. All I heard were the sounds of cameras clicking and I began to get very wet and I could feel my butt plug coming out. With everyone staring at me and talking with their phones out, my butt plug slipped out of my ass!
Everyone was in shock and some started to laugh at me and call me dirty names. I was so embarrassed but it also turned me on so much that my pussy was dripping. With the plug out of me, I tried to squat down to get it but had trouble doing so because my hands were still cuffed behind my back. Feeling slutty and so horny, I wanted everyone to see every inch of me. I bent down, with my ass up, and picked up the plug with my mouth.
As I bent down, my pussy and asshole began to stretch and widened, giving everyone behind me a great view inside of me. As I did this, the crowd came in close and started taking pictures of my gaping pink asshole and swollen pussy. After taking pictures, some people showed them to me and I could see how big my asshole had gotten from the plug and how wet my cunt actually was.
Taking it to the next level, I kept the plug in my mouth and, using my thumbs, lowered my skirt to the floor where I kicked it off to the side. The crowd cheered then threw it away. The people in the food court could not believe what I was doing. I wanted to rub my throbbing clit so bad and squirt in front of all of those people but I had to be a good whore and control myself so I left and explored more of the mall. Some of my admirers followed me but most stayed in the food court.
I looked even more like a whore since I still had the plug in my mouth and was looking for the nearest restroom to plan my next slutty act. I found the bathroom and the women in it looked at me in surprise. I went into a stall, spit out the butt plug, used my mouth to turn the pocket of my shirt inside out to get the key and then unlocked my handcuffs. Since I had no skirt, I was clearly exposing my throbbing clit and pink asshole but I still had my shirt and sneakers. As bad as I wanted to squirt, I needed to go through with my next plan first.
While in the stall, I took off my shoes and socks, left the stall and hid my sneakers and handcuffs in a cabinet that was underneath the sink. No one was in the bathroom at the time so I'd come back later for my stuff. I then made the holes in my T-shirt, where my nipples were showing, bigger by ripping the fabric until both boobs were completely hanging out. I then poured water on my T-shirt to get me all wet and then started to tease myself, near the sink, by fucking my ass with the dildo-like butt plug.
In the middle of the act, an older woman, most likely in her sixty's, came in and caught me. With her staring at me in utter shock, I spread my ass cheeks and slowly took the plug out, showing her my wet, gaping, puckering asshole, and she put her hands over her mouth in utter disbelief and rushed to leave. I licked off my butt plug, slid it back into my ass and got ready to go back into the crowded mall.
As I left the bathroom, with nothing on but a ripped shirt and butt plug inside my ass, I continued to get more looks of astonishment and flashes of phone cameras. I loved it! I looked like such a public exhibitionist slut. I wanted to orgasm so bad! I headed toward the middle of the mall where there was a fountain and was the most crowded. As I arrived by the fountain, mothers were looking at me in disgust and fathers were looking at me in awe.
I then started to rub my clit and pussy, while walking, and already felt the orgasm coming with my butt plug making me even more stimulated. I got to the fountain, sat down and started to masturbate. A crowd slowly surrounded me as more people walked by and noticed me, nearly naked and masturbating. The more people that came, the more I got turned on. I then got up and bent over with my knees straight and apart to spread my ass for all to see. People in the crowd were saying:
"Look at her pink asshole!"; "How can that fit in that little hole?"; "OMG, what a slut" and "Look at her puckering asshole engulf that plug".
People had their cameras zoomed in on my asshole and wet cunt and were sending pictures to all of their friends. I was the biggest slut they had ever seen. Rubbing my clit with a fast motion, I felt the orgasm coming. I turned to the crowd, sat up on the ledge of the fountain with my head back, lifted my legs and ass high into the air and then rubbed my pussy as hard as I could until I squirted into the crowd and all over myself.
As I was squirting, my asshole was trying to release the butt plug and the sensations in my asshole were making me go insane. I continued to squirt for their cameras, moaning as I do, and spreading my ass-cheeks. The butt plug popped out on the third hard squirt, I replaced it and I fisted my cunt in front of the huge crowd of people and everyone who will soon see me on the internet. And then I felt another orgasm coming and squirted again as I took my fist out in exhaustion.
I got up, soaking wet, in my own puddle of cum as everyone stared at me in silent awe of what they had witnessed this slut doing. Still taking pictures, I took off my shirt to wipe myself dry and threw it into the crowd. I then went through the crowd getting my ass slapped and my tits groped as well as hearing whistles and some cheers before finding the exit from the mall. As I walked through the mall, I was so exhausted that I didn't care about what all the people were saying or the phones that were taking pictures of me. What I did was one of the most daring public disgraces I had ever done. It was the best day of my life!