All characters are above 18 as goes without saying. This story has a touch of Non-Con/Reluctance. If that is too much for you, feel free not to read this story. That's all. Enjoy!
***
Kyle was never the most popular kid in school, and he was always shy when it came to the ladies. The few girls who did date him got to experience the singular pleasure that was Kyle's impressive cock. Kyle was average height and a little chubby but nowhere near overweight. His one redeeming quality was the 8 inch monster hiding between his legs with girth to spare. When his last girlfriend, Sarah, first saw his dick, she had a flash of pure terror and shock on her face. Kyle never had much to be proud of but he had a small ego boost every time he saw that face on a girl; years of bullying had given Kyle somewhat of a dark humor.
Kyle had always found the girls he dated a bit arbitrary if not a little clumsy when it came to their sexual encounters. His fantasies began to stray from the tall blonde senior he ogled in the hallways to more experienced women. He had started to harbor a serious attraction to his Spanish teacher Mrs. Spence, a 30-ish married woman with curves in all the right places. On the last day of his senior year, Kyle took a serious risk when giving Mrs. Spence her goodbye hug. He wrapped his arms around her inching his fingers onto her ass until he had both hands squarely on each of her juicy ass cheeks.
Mrs. Spence dismissed the thought that her student had ulterior motives and snuggled into him and wouldn't believe that her "star student" could sexualize her. Kyle bumped up his perversions and started massaging Mrs. Spence's butt, kneading it and molding it. As Kyle violated her, she let out a moan of pleasure and lust that would fuel Kyle's fantasies for many days to come. He gave her one last good squeeze then snuck out from the room leaving Mrs. Spence confused, horny, and alone in her classroom not to see Kyle again for a long time.
That summer Kyle's parents had traveled to Europe to "rekindle their love" and had left him in the care of his best friend's family. Alex's parents were both doctors of high standing and they lived in one of the most lavish houses Kyle had ever seen. Even with Alex's older sister, her husband, and his parents in the house during the summer, Kyle was offered a bedroom and full bath.
Alex's mom, Mrs. Rose, was a Pediatric Endocrinologist meaning she literally studied and treated teenage hormones. Mr. Rose was a highly sought-after brain surgeon whose busy schedule kept him out of the house most of the time. Alex and Kyle both found inspiration from his parents and had made a pact to go to med school together.
Laura Rose had to be the most gorgeous woman Kyle had ever seen in his life. Her brunette hair shimmered with flecks of gold and her eyes were chocolate brown. Her nose seemed to curve upwards ever so slightly with a sense of mischief. Her lips were full but stretched from displaying her dazzling smile so often. Her body had no equal as well. Her 36 C boobs kept firm teardrop shapes even with 40 years of experience on them. Her stomach was taut but not rippling with muscles. Her waist curved outwards smoothly onto the juiciest ass on the planet. Her ass was firm in a way but also retained a decent amount of cellulose that only added to the marshmallowy nature of her beautiful asset. Her thighs tapered down into petite calves and dainty feet that Kyle constantly saw displayed in sexy high heels.
Kyle obsessed over Mrs. Rose, doting on her every need like he never did for any girl he dated. He helped her with chores, gave her massages, treated her to dinner, and waited on her hand and foot. He insisted that it was his way of thanking her for graciously letting him into her home, but he knew that the more time he spent with her, the more his cravings were satisfied.
One day he and Alex had been swimming in the Rose's backyard pool when Alex received a distressing message from his girlfriend. Alex almost dropped his phone into the water after reading her message and immediately excused himself from the pool saying that he had to leave immediately. As Alex turned to leave, Kyle could see that his face was as red as an apple and his cock was as hard as steel. Whatever her message was, Kyle was sure that it involved her parents not being home. Just thinking about it made Kyle hard and he quickly dried off to go take a shower.
With his dick still semi-hard and clearly outlined by his wet swim trunks, Kyle walked into the house through the sliding doors and saw Mrs. Rose cooking dinner in the kitchen. She was wrapping dishes in silver foil when she turned to see what was most certainly the biggest, thickest dick she had ever seen in her many experienced years pressed against her son's best friend's leg. The face of fear and lust that Kyle loved so much flashed across this beautiful woman's face, and Kyle immediately flushed with embarrassment and desire. Mrs. Rose brought her sense back to her and glanced up to Kyle's eyes, "How was the water, sweetie?"
Kyle stumbled for an answer, "It wasn't bad. I'd have liked to stay in a bit longer but Alex wasn't up for it."
"I swear that boy is becoming too girl crazy. He has had over 6 girlfriends in the past 3 months."
*If you only knew how he "had" those girls. Alex has been has been drowning in ladies since he hit puberty. *
"How are you faring in the girlfriend department, Kyle, sweetie?"
Kyle decided to get bolder with his answers, "Now that I've graduated high school, I've really been thinking about dating some more experienced women." Mrs. Rose flushed beet red at his comment and once again glanced hungrily at his now full pronounced tent. Kyle watched as she subconsciously licked her lips. Mr. Rose was out of the house; Alex was somewhere having marathon sex with a skinny blonde girl who wears too much makeup; his older sister Alice was in the city with her husband. Kyle could seduce the woman of his dreams and not a damn person could ruin it.
Kyle abruptly ended their conversation and subsequently the sexual tension in the air by proclaiming that he'd take his shower now. He smiled when he saw a sly look on Mrs. Rose's face. Kyle needed her to be sneaky if his plan was to work. Kyle's room was joined to the master bedroom by the bathroom and a door in the closet. While he had a door directly into the bathroom, Alex's parents would have to walk through an extensive closet to get to the shared bathroom. They had chosen their room because of its view and had learned to live with the nuisance of traveling through the closet to their bathroom. Kyle checked first in the master bedroom to make sure that the closet door was open. Mrs. Rose would have unrestricted access to the bathroom that way.
Kyle undressed and smiled knowingly when heard a faint squeak of floorboards in the closet. He stepped into the shower; practically its own room with glass walls, and Kyle had an unobstructed view of the closet entrance. A giant rain faucet hanging from the ceiling turned on. The heat of the shower was way up, so the steam would conceal him until he was just a silhouette in the fog.
From the corner of his eye, Kyle saw movement by the closet. Mrs. Rose chewed on her lip as she inched forward cautiously to peek Kyle and his monster cock. Kyle continued his normal shower routine, lathering soap onto his body, the steam covering him up frustrating Mrs. Rose. She was wearing her tank top from before but had changed from her jeans to booty shorts. Kyle smiled to himself. She's practically stripping for me.
Kyle rubbed the soap across his chest and then his stomach and then his inner thighs until he reached his rock hard dick and started stroking slowly and gently. He wasn't meant to get off from this; this show was meant for another. Mrs. Rose watched with shock as the silhouette in the steam very clearly started stroking its massive dick. Her swollen pussy started trickling down her thighs soaking her booty shorts. She could not resist kneading one of her perfect tits pinching the nipple and twisting it as a young man stroked his enormous length merely feet away from her separated only by glass. Kyle sped up his strokes and let out moans of desire and hunger as he watched Mrs. Rose slip her shorts down and dig a finger into her soaked mound.
Now Kyle tested his luck. His moans took form as words, "Mmm...yes Mrs. Rose...lick my cock like that." He glanced at the beauty by the shower fully expecting her to leave disgusted but instead her moans became loud enough for him to hear above the shower. She wanted him. All he needed to do is push her over the edge.
"Give me that pussy Mrs. Rose. Shove my dick into that soaking pussy. Let me fuck you hard. Let me give my huge cock." Mrs. Rose's body seemed to shudder with anticipation. Her moans started morphing into screams. "Fuck, I'm cumming Mrs. Rose. Cum with me Mrs. Rose. Feel my hot jizz fill you up. I'm cumming Mrs. Rose. Fuck! Shit!" Kyle's jizz sprayed globs of goo onto the shower door and Mrs. Rose's body shook violently with orgasm.
Kyle needed to time the next part just right. As Mrs. Rose was still riding her earth-shattering orgasm, Kyle swung the shower door open, feigning to wipe his dirty dick off into a towel when Mrs. Rose saw him and nearly fainted. Kyle opened his eyes wide with false shock and shouted, "Jesus! Did you hear any that? What are you doing here?" Mrs. Rose stumbled as she trued to cover her naked body with one hand as the other eased her pussy down from a powerful orgasm.
She stumbled in confusion. "I was just...um..." Kyle stepped forward suddenly and attacked Mrs. Rose's mouth with his, slipping his tongue into her surprised mouth. She quickly melted into him and between kisses moaned, "We can't. Mmm. You. Mmm. Know we. Mmm. Can't."
Kyle lifted her body and pulled her into the steamy shower and whispered in her ear, "I don't care." They continued their assault on one another as their tongues wrestled with each other. Mrs. Rose reached down to Kyle now hard again member and stroked it roughly with a vice grip. She dropped to her knees in the water and looked at Kyle's monster with intense hunger in her eyes. She licked the tip teasingly and made little kisses down the shaft. She sucked his balls into her mouth and swirled them around with her tongue as she stroked his shaft intensely. "I want your pussy right now."
She stood up twirling sexily and leaned against the glass door wagging her plump ass tantalizingly in front of his aching cock.
At that moment, Kyle blacked out. Like a man possessed, he rammed his monster into her tight cunt balls deep. Mrs. Rose let out a bloodcurdling scream as the combination of Kyle's massive cock and the jets of water on her clit brought her to another devastating climax. Kyle didn't let up and maintained a steady rhythm ramming his cock in and out of Mrs. Rose's sopping pussy. Her moans of pleasure became shrieks. She squirted all over the shower floor in wild spasm against the glass.
"Fuck. Laura. Your fucking cunt is tight on my cock."
"Shit. Don't call me Laura. Call me. Mmm. Call me Mommy."
"Fuck. Your pussy is so good, Mommy. I wanna make you scream, Mommy." Mrs. Rose howled in orgasm at the taboo notion.
"Mmm. Fuck your Mommy, Alex." Hearing his friend's name come out of the milf in front of him brought him to his breaking point. His milk spurted into Mrs. Rose's wet vagina in thick ropes as he groaned in pleasure.
Kyle pulled his softening dick out of Mrs. Rose's spent pussy as they both collapsed to the floor. "Maybe you'd rather be fucking a different stud."
"What do you mean?" She grabbed his length flirtatiously. "This is the ONLY cock I want." She must have not heard her son's name come out of her mouth moments earlier.
"You'll get it...Mommy." She shuddered in arousal. Kyle helped her up and kissed her up and down her wet body. "Maybe next time, I'll invite Alex. Would you like that, Mommy?"
She lost herself in pleasure and moaned, "I want both of those stud cocks inside me." With that, she left Kyle alone in the shower to fantasize about what's to come.
To be continued...