For context please read the following first. They follow my and my ex wife's true experiences. Only the names have been changed. Thank you.
Candice's First time Tied
Candice Visits Adult Mart
Becoming Candy
Opening Pandora's Box
I Get Candy After the Company Picnic
Getting Candy After the Company Picnic pt2
We Visit Bret and Heidi
After the Visit
After the Visit Pt2
The next Saturday evening, a week after our visit with Bret and Heidi and four days since letting Heidi in on our little "secret" Candice was getting ready for a shower,
We had both worked around the house all day and neither of us were in any mood to cook I asked her where she wanted to go to dinner.
She said that she just wanted something simple like a burger or pizza. I suggested Five Guys. Nothing fancy. Plus, the weather is warm so we could sit outside and eat. She said, "Sound perfect."
While waiting my turn in the shower, and after seeing her tight ass walk into the bathroom, I got an idea I was pretty sure she wouldn't like.
But, nothing ventured nothing gained. So, I went to her closet and picked out a nice knee length skirt (nothing slutty but with potential) and a tank top that's probably one size too small and laid them on the bed. I got her clip-on nipple rings and laid them on the nightstand where she could see them.
When I heard the shower stop I went into the bathroom. I told her that I'd laid some clothes on the bed I'd like for you to wear.
She asked, "What? I don't get to pick out my own clothes now?"
I said, "Just humor me."
She said, "Ok, but turn about is fair play."
I told her I didn't have a problem with that and i got in the shower.
When I finished I went to the bedroom and found clothes laying on the bed for me. There was a large T-shirt and a pair of baggy basketball style shorts. No big deal.
I also noticed that the nipple rings were no longer on the nightstand. I opened the drawer and they weren't there. She had either put them somewhere else or she took them with her.
I put on the shirt and shorts (commando) and headed down stairs.
Candice was in the kitchen drinking a glass of water. She had on what I had laid out for her.
Her nipples stood proudly against the top i had set out. I guess she was up for a fun evening.
When she was done she put the glass in the sink and walked over to me, ran her hand up the leg of my shorts, stroked my cock a few times and said, "Commando. Good boy."
I ran my hand up her thigh to her freshly shaved pussy and said, "Good girl, naughty girl." She grabbed her purse and we were out the door.
It wasn't needed but I turned the A/C on in the truck for obvious reasons. (Damn I love seeing her hard nipples)
She's not dumb. She knew what I was doing and gave me a naughty grin.
We were about five miles away when she reached her hand up my pants leg and started stroking my cock. Already getting a chubby looking at her tits I was full on hard in no time.
When we got there Candice pulled her hand from my shorts, opened the truck door and said, "Ok. Lets go eat." As I said, she's not dumb. Payback is a bitch.
We walk in to order with Candice's hard nipples leading the way, followed closely by my tented out shorts.
As we waited our turn to order Candice whispered to me and nodded her head, "That woman sitting over there hasn't taken her eyes off if you since we walked in. Maybe you shoud go say Hi."
I not only looked in the direction she had nodded, I turned my body to give the woman a profile view of my tented shorts.
The woman, who was maybe late thirties and really attractive, couldn't have been less interested in either of us. She was just eating her burger and looking at her phone.
But, i smiled and nodded my head as if to acknowledge her gaze and said, "She's alone. Maybe we should join her."
Candice looked over again to see what the woman was doing. She called me a smartass just as it was our turn to order.
The guy taking our order was as professional as he could be while staring at Candice's/Candy's tits.
As we waited for our order Candy stood off to the side in front of me discreetly rubbing my cock keeping me visibly stiff.
After waiting only a minute or so Candy said she'd meet me outside. Leaving me standing alone with a visible boner.
Not trying to hide it (to prove a point to Candy) when our order number was called my hardon lead the way to the counter. I grabbed the try and headed out to Candy.
I sat beside her facing the street. Candy said, "Move your chair closer."
I moved my chair closer to hers but not directly beside hers but sitting at the corner of the table.
Once i was sitting down Candy reached over, ran her hand up my shorts and stroked me back to full hardness.
As she picked up her burger she looked at me and said, "I wanna see your cock out. Just pull the leg of your shorts up so I can see it."
It took a little maneuvering while seated but I managed to do it without any discomfort.
Candy said, "See. Doesn't that feel better?"
"Actually, it does." I said. "Now its my turn. lift the front of your shirt and show me your cunt."
Without hesitation she lifted the front of her skirt displaying her hairless cunt.
It fell back into place when she let go if it. I said, "That's not fair. I want to see it while we eat. Tuck it in the waistband so it stays up." She looked around as she did it. "See. Isn't that better?" I asked.
She reached over, gave my exposed cock a couple strokes and said, "Its so exciting. The breeze does feel good on it."
We teased each other while we ate less then half of what we had each ordered. We had other things on our minds.
We straightened out our clothes (as much as I could) and got up to leave.
When I opend her door she pulled her skirt up around her waist as she stood on the running board and got in.
When I got in she said, "Get that cock out." I did what I had done while we were eating.
Candy said, "Not like that. Pull your shorts down to your knees. I want to see cock and balls this time." I raised my ass off of the seat and did as she asked.
She reached over, gave me a couple strokes and said, "Thats better."
This has been unlike her so I had to ask, "What's gotten into you today?"
"Nothing yet. I'm just feeling a little naughty this evening." She said with a big grin.
"So where do you want to go now?" I asked.
"Lion's Den," she said.
I asked her, "What do you want from there?"
She said, "Nothing special. Maybe something will catch my eye."
It was still light out when I hit the interstate and headed North. But it wouldn't be for much longer.
Candy took her sandals off, leaned the seat back some and put her bare feet on the dashboard and spreading her knees. Fully exposing her bald cunt.
I reached over and spread her lips apart and slid my finger over her clit and down to her hole. To just say she was wet would be a major understatement.
Since it wasn't quite dark yet I stayed in the slow lane. There was a semi in front of us that I was staying behind since it wasn't dark yet.
As Candy pulled my hand away and replaced it with her own she said, "Pass him. But go slow. I want him to see my fingers in my cunt."
As I got beside the cab of the truck Candy said, "Blow the horn."
I gave it a quick honk and Candy instantly moaned and shoved two fingers in her cunt and started fucking herself.
I stayed beside the truck for no longer that ten seconds and pulled ahead.
I asked, "Did you cum?"
She said, "No but I'm so close. She stuck her tongue out and licked her lips as she watched me."
"SHE!?" I asked.
Candy said, "Yea. Not all drivers are men you know."
I had to agree as I slowly stroked myself, "I know. But the odds are it's a guy. Didn't that bother you?"
She said, "At that point I didnt care who saw me. It just felt amazing being seen. Especially when she started licking her lips. I was so close to cumming."
"I can't believe it. I love you." I said.
Candy said, "I love you too. I have to pee now."
I said, "There's a TA a couple miles ahead." She told me that would work for her.
I checked the rear view mirror as I exited hoping Candy's admirer would follow us in. But no luck.
Candy put her feet down and her sandals back on as I parked. She waited to fix her skirt until she was halfway out of the truck.
She grabbed her purse and headed for the door. Before she reached the door I rolled down my window and yelled, "Do not make yourself cum. Just pee and come back."
She smiled back at me as she flipped me the bird. I pulled my pants up while I waited on her.
After about five minutes I saw her walking through the store. But she looked so different.
Now she was wearing a white wife beater tank and I (along with everyone else) could clearly see she wearing nipple rings.
Like before she pulled her skirt up around her waist standing on the running board before she sat down.
I looked at her and said, "Damn! You look so fucking hot!"
She said, "I thought you'd like this. Get your cock back out and lets go." I did as she said and we were back on the road.
Candy got back into her previous position with one exception. She pulled up her top exposing her nipple ringed tits.
It was tough to drive with her stroking me and me playing with her nipple rings. But I managed for a couple minutes before I had to have her slow her down a few times. But she kept me on edge.
It was dark when we got to the Lion's Den. But the parking lot was well lit.
There were three other vehicles in the parking lot close to the door. I parked far enough away that a few more cars would fit next to us.
As i turned off the truck all Candy did was put her sandals back on. She didn't adjust her clothes like i'd expected and told me not to move.
She opend her door and stepped out exposing her cunt, ass and tits to the world.
She walked around the front of the truck to my side under the building lights without a care in the world.
She opened my door and said, "Turn towards me."
I swung my legs around hanging them out of the door. Candy stepped in, leaned forward and took my cock in her mouth.
Under normal circumstances I'd say she's a good 8.5 out of 10 at sucking cock. But this was anything other than normal circumstances. She sucked, stroked and drooled on my cock like she was possessed.
I was so close to feeding her when the Lion's Den door opened.
I grabbed her head and pulled her mouth off my cock. She asked, "Don't you want to cum?"
I told her, "Someone is coming out."
She said, "I dont care." Her other hand went straight to her cunt.
A guy, probably in his early forties, walked out and look directly at us. I told her he was looking and she took her mouth off my cock just long enough to say, "Let him look." Then went right back to work.
When he realized she wasn't going to stop, he gave me a thumbs up. I waved back at him and he started walking towards us.
I whispered to her, "He's coming this way." She moaned but never stopped.
My nervousness was the only thing keeping my cum in. I'm actually surprised I didn't go limp.
When he was right behind her he leaned around her and could see her tits and her mouth on my cock. He said, "Very nice. where'd you find her at?"
"Wife" I told him.
"Lucky Son of a Bitch. I can't get mine to suck me in a dark bedroom."
I said, "Yea she's been opening up to new things lately. Haven't you Candy?"
She never stopped but mumbled, "ah hu."
"You wouldn't mind showing this poor neglected man what you look like would you?"
She stopped sucking me and said, "Oh God. You're gonna make me cum."
"Not yet." I told her. "Im sure he'd love a video of you making yourself cum."
As he pulled out his phone I told him, "Just dont show her face."
He agreed and suggested we move to the other side of the truck in case someone else came out or pulled in. "Good idea."I said and I told Candy to stand up and go to the othe side of the truck.
I pulled up my shorts, closed the driver's door and followed them to the other side.
I opened the passenger door and leaned back against the seat.
Candy was facing me waiting for instructions.
I told her to around and turn around so the nice man could get a good shot. She turned around and leaned back against me as the guy started videoing.
I had her move her hand from her cunt so he could see the total package
His hand went to his bulge and said, "Oh Fuck. She's gorgeous. Perfect tits and rings too. Shaved pussy. Man you got it made." as he was rubbing himself through his pants.
I reached around her pulled and twisted her nipple rings and told him. "When she's like this, its not a pussy it's a cunt."
He reached for his zipper and asked, "Do you mind? I'm about to burst?"
Without waiting for me to give him the ok. He unzipped his pants and produced about a five inch hard on.
I said, "Just don't cum on her."
Breathing heavily he said, "Okay."
He was shaking while he was stroking and i knew the video wasn't going to be good.
So I stepped from behind her and took his phone from him to video myself.
I told Candy, "See what you did? You gave him a boner. The least you can do is look at it while he's looking at you. Now cum for the nice man and thank him for the compliments."
Her right hand went to her cunt and she started rubbing her clit and said, "Thank you for your kind words."
I decided we had pushed our luck far enough and it was time for her to cum. "I told her, "Get those fingers in there and cum for him Sweetheart."
I directed his phone at her cunt as she shoved two finger deep and was pounding her clit with her palm.
He moaned that he was going to cum.
To be totally honest, I'm surprised I didn't cum too watching her. I said, "Look at that cock Candy. its going to cum just for you."
He stroked faster until he tightened up and started shooting his load.
I'm sure it was unintentional but one shot hit Candy on the thigh. That's all it took. She was all but screaming that she was cuming.
When she finished cuming I handed him his phone back and told him to enjoy.
He kept apologizing for hitting Candy's leg. He said, "I couldn't control it anymore. I'm going to jerk off to this for ever and I'm going to picture this when I'm fucking my wife."
I told him it was no big deal, that she'd clean it up. "Won't you Candy?" I asked.
Still in a daze she said, "Yes."
I told Candy, "Show him how you clean up cum that gets on you."
She scooped up the line of cum from her leg, looked at him and made a production out of licking and sucking her finger clean.
"Fuck that's hot" was all he could say.
I said to him, "So far. Your's is the only other cum she's tasted since we've been married.
Now I need a favor from you. it won't take long."
He said. "After that how could I say no?"
As I got my phone out of the truck and put it on video mode I told him, "Seems I'm the only person who hasn't gotten to cum yet. I'm sure Candy won't mind you videoing her while she finished what she originally started. It won't be the first time she's been videoed or the last. Will you Sweetheart?"
Candy said, "It's a little late to start saying no now."
"Good girl. On your knees." I commanded.
She looked down and kicked away a couple stones before dropping to her knees and freeing my cock.
I asked him to step back far enough to get the big picture of where we were. Then as he walked closer to make sure he got her from her tits up.
Candy went right to work stroking me and sucking as deep as she could.
"No hands" I told her.
The guy stayed back for about twenty seconds before he came towards us and got down beside Candy to get the best angle.
It was time. I pulled her off my cock and told her to open her mouth wide. I didn't have to stroke three time before I was shooting stream after stream directly in her mouth.
When I was spent I turned her head towards the phone and told her to open her mouth and show us.
She had a nice puddle on her tongue and after a couple seconds I told her to swallow and make sure I was empty.
Again she made a show of swallowing then opened her mouth to show it was all gone before she latched back on my cock and sucked for a few more seconds.
When she was done she looked at the phone and said, "All gone" in a sweet little voice.
Candy stood up and adjusted her clothes as I retrieved my phone and thanked him for his help.
As he was leaving he said it was the best day of his life and he'd never forget Candy.
After he left i said to Candy, "You did great Babe. That was so hot. You can't imagine how much I love you."
She said, "I love you too. I just can't believe you had me lick that guys cum off my fingers."
"It's not like mine is the only cum you've ever had in your mouth. Besides, it wasn't the whole load just one shot" I replied.
She chuckled, "You've got a point."
As I closed and locked the truck Candy asked what I was doing. I said, "You wanted to come here. Let's at least go look around."
I took her hand and kissed her on the cheek as we walked in the door.
There were two other guys and the worker standing at the counter. He was the same guy as the last time we were here. (Read Opening Pandora's Box)
He looked at me and said, "Great show!" As he pointed to the monitor on the wall showing the security camera video from the parking lot.
One of the customers said, "That was better then the video booths."
Candy turned the deepest shade of red I'd ever seen someone blush. I replied, "Thanks. It was pretty hot. Wasn't it?"
I directed the conversation to the clerk, "Does that record?"
"Oh yea" he said. "4K digital. Zoom and all."
Any chance I can get a copy of that? I asked.
"Absolutely! I hope you don't mind it on a disc? Thats all I have." He said.
I told him. "That'll work just fine. When can I pick it up?"
"I can have if for you in about half an hour if you're not in any hurry."
"Not at all. We'll just look around a bit. Just let me know when it's done." I told him.
We walked around looking at some videos. Then mild bondage toys. When we reached the dildos and butt plugs I picked up and eight inch veiny silicone dildo about three inches across and handed it to Candy.
Her eyes got big and she asked, "That's a little big for me don't you think?"
I told her that we would work on that and handed her a three inch butt plug about as wide as two fingers. She just sighed and took it.
We were going to look at some of the outfits, only to waste some time when the cashier called out to me that the disc was done.
When we got to the counter we were the only ones left in the store.
He handed me the disc and told me that there are two different videos from different cameras on it.
I took our things from Candy and put them on the counter.
As he was scanning them in I asked where the lube was. He turned and grabbed a small container from a shelf behind the counter and put it in the bag without scanning it. "On the house" he said.
I said, "Thanks we're going to need that for the ride home."
I had Candy pay and we headed for the door. Candy went first and as I left I told him with a wink, "Keep an eye on us in the parking lot. I don't want to get robbed."
He gave me a thumbs up and I was out the door.
Candy looked at me strangely when I went to her side of the truck with her to let her in. When I got next to her I told her, "I'm not done with you yet. Strip."
As she was taking her clothes off I opened her door.
When she was naked she turned to get into the truck. I said, "Hold on. Not so fast. lean in over the seat."
She said, "Are you going to fuck me now?"
I said, "Not until we get home." As I took the butt plug and lube from the bag.
She turned her head to see what i was doing when she heard me opening the package. I told her to look straight ahead.
As I flipped the cap open on the lube I told her to reach back and spread her cheeks. She hesitated but slowly complied.
I squirted enough lube on her asshole that it ran down between her legs dripping from her cunt.
Starting at her clit I slowly slid two fingers up towards her asshole. Stopping momentarily to slide my fingers in her cunt causing her to gasp and moan.
Removing my fingers, I moved up massaging her little rosebud before slipping my index finger in her back door. Eliciting another gasp and an, "Oh my God.
I said, "Relax and breathe Baby. It will fell better."
She said, "it doesn't hurt. Just different. I just feel so dirty."
As I removed my finger from her ass I told her it's time for her new toy. I lubed up the butt plug and ran it up and down the crack of her ass. On the third pass I aimed the tip at her rosebud and gave a gentle push. The narrow tip slipped in surprisingly easy. Candy moaned.
I pushed further until I felt resistance then I pulled it all but out and then pushed again. Candy flinched but never told me to stop. Going deeper this time. I repeated this until it reached the fatter knob by the base.
Hearing Candy's breathing quicken and soft moans encouraged me. So, I squirted a little more lube on it and slowly pushed it all the way in.
"Oh fuck! Is it all the way in?" she asked.
I said, "It is Babe. Don't move. Im going to get a few pictures.
I took out my phone and took a couple pictures. As I switched to video I told her, "Now put your finger in your cunt."
She rubbed her clit a couple time before putting two fingers in her cunt. I asked her how it feels. She said she felt so full.
I said, "That's nothing compared to how you're going to feel when those fingers are eventually replaced by your new dildo."
She said, "Fuck. I don't know if I'll be able to take that thing."
"Trust me. Eventually you will and you'll love it. Time to head home. You can get in now."
Aren't you going to take this out first?" She asked.
"No, Get in. I'll be right back." I said.
She got in and I closed her door as she asked where I was going. I didn't answer her as I went back inside.
The guy at the counter held out a disc and said, "Here you go. I burned it to disk live. I thought you might want it."
I told him I was coming in to see when I could get a copy. I told him thanks again and handed him twenty bucks for his trouble.
When I got back into the truck Candy asked me why I went back in. I held up the disc.
She said, "I was so worked up I totally forgot about the cameras in the parking lot."
"We can watch these in a few days." I told her.
Not being used to having anything in her ass, Candy was fidgeting in her seat as we pulled out onto the highway.
I told her to kick her shoes off, put her feet on the dash and lay back and relax. As she did, I reached over and started rubbing her clit.
She jumped as she tensed up and moaned saying, "Every time you make me jump, my ass tightens around this thing like it's trying to pull it in further."
I chuckled as I said, "That's a good sign. We'll have to go back and get a bigger one some day soon."
She didn't object, she just looked at me.
I took my hand away form her cunt and told her to stroke me. As she leaned over I lifted my hips and she helped me pull my shorts down.
Once freed, she brought my chubby to full hard and slowly stroked me. It felt perfect. I started playing with her nipple rings but they were in the way so i had her take them off.
She squealed and took a sharp breath as the blood rushed in to fill her nipples. I told her to kneel on her seat and lean over to me.
I squeezed her tits like i was milking a cow for a minute. Starting at the base and squeezing to her nipples. I grabbed the back of her head and guided her mouth to my cock. She sucked me as I played with her tits.
She couldn't see or tell that I had changed lanes. She was to involed in the task at hand. (Or mouth as the case may be).
I turned the dome light on I put my hand on the back of her head to keep her from stopping.
There were two short blasts from the air horn letting me know he could see Candy's plugged ass and bald cunt.
I rode beside him for a minute before slowing down and getting behind him. (Damn I need to get a CB)
I let Candy sit up. She said, "You could have warned me."
I asked if it would have made a difference.
She said, "Probably not but the horn startled me."
"Ok. Are you ready this time? Lay back. Get your feet up and knees apart, fingers on that cunt and pinch your nipples. Show him what a good slut you can be."
As I started to pull into the passing lane Candy said, "Not yet. I'm not ready." She reached into the back seat and got the new dildo out of the bag and opened it.
She started rubbing it up and down on her clit and said she was ready now.
I pulled up along side of his cab as she ran the toy over her cunt. Then she pulled it up and started sucking and drooling on it like a cock.
I was about to bust at this point. She took it out of her mouth and aimed it at her dripping cunt.
As hard as she tried she could only get the first inch or so in. But, it was worth the effort.
I reached over and pinched her left nipple. That made her throw her head back and scream as she shoved another three inches into herself and came hard.
As I pulled away I said to Candy, "I guess that answers the girth question. Now we need to work on depth."
"I was just to full with this thing in my ass" she said. "We'll have to work on that when we get home I guess,
"Now, if memory serves me well, you were sucking my cock. Clean that off and get over here" I told her.
She opened the glove box and pulled out a napkin. I admonished her, "Not like that! Use your mouth!"
She gave me a sideways glance as she started licking her new toy.
"You can do better than that. I want to see you sucking that cock like its the real thing."
She opened her her mouth as wide as she could and sucked a couple inches in before she started licking it as she sucked. She was holding the base and bobbing her head up and down taking as much as she could until she gagged.
She quit and coughed for a couple seconds. As she put it back in the bag she said, "Thats all I can take."
I said, "Honey, you did great. You look unbelievable with a cock in your mouth. Now get over here and suck this cock. It's ready to reward you."
We weren't far from home by then. But she resumed her position Kneeling on her seat with her ass in the windw, leaning over to suck my cock.
I told her not to make me cum yet. I was saving that for when we got home.
As I turned down our street I hit the garage door opener. As we pulled into the driveway I turned on the dome light giving anyone who would be outside a view of Candy's butt plugged ass.
The odds weren't good since it was only a few seconds before I was in the garage and closing the door behind us.
I kicked off my shorts from around my feet, grabbed the bag and got out. She grabbed her clothes and slid out.
She complained that it was hard for her to walk with the plug in her butt. I assured her that it will get easier as she gets used to it.
She headed fir the bathroom as soon as we were in. I told her to leave the plug in place and meet me in the bedroom.
She was carrying the butt plug when she walked in. "I told you to leave that in!" I grunted.
She told me that it started coming out when she was peeing so she stopped it from falling in the toilet. I took it from her and told her that I wasn't happy about that and she'd have to work on her muscle control.
"Hands and knees on the bed Now!" I barked.
She crawled up on the bed as i got the restraints from the drawer.
I put the butt plug on the bed as I pulled her to the edge. l put the Velcro bands around her wrists then pulled the straps tight to the headboard.
Making her face down ass up with her arms stretched out in front of her. I spread her legs making her bald cunt at cock thrusting height.
I told her what a beautiful vision she was like that. It was a Kodak moment.
I grabbed my phone and started to video her. Then, I got the lube and and squirted a generous amount on her back door.
"Oh that's cold" she said.
I sarcastically said I was sorry. I put my cock on her asshole and rubbed it up and down.
She turned her head looking at me and said, "Please. Not in my ass. I'm not ready for that yet."
I knew she wasn't ready yet and had no intentions of using her ass yet anyway. But, I gave a little push just to scare her.
She jumped and pulled forward away from me. "Oh Fuck. Please no" she begged.
I reached down grabbed her hips pulling her back into place, smacked her ass and told her, "You are literally in no position to make any demands."
When she was back in position I did it again. To her credit, she didn't move this time. "Good girl" I said as I slid my well lubed cock to her slippery cunt and unceremoniously shoved balls deep.
She screamed and sighed then thanked me for not taking her ass.
We had never used or needed lube for sex before but this felt incredibly. Don't get me wrong. I love how tight she is but this was an entirely new feeling.
Gripping her hips with one hand, I pounded her hard and fast for a few seconds before dismounting her.
That slippery little rosebud of hers was too tempting not to enjoy. I dropped to my knees spread those perfect cheeks and dove my tongue as deep in her ass as humanly possible.
It gripped my tongue trying to evict the invader. But, I was persistent and pushing against the resistance it eventually loosened it's grip. Allowing me to fuck and swirl around it's crinkled opening with my tongue.
She gasped and said, "Oh my god! You bastard. Thats so fucking dirty. Don't you dare stop!"
I added a finger to rubbing her clit.
She was moaning to the point that I thought she was crying. Like the wild wood weed, all good things must come to an end.
I picked up the lube and squirted another generous amount on her ass before picking up the butt plug.
I stood up and again used my cock to spread it around. She flinched every time my cock touched her asshole. Later telling me she thought that was my intention.
Guiding my well lubed cock to her cunt then put the tip of the butt plug to her back door.
Both went in to the bottom without resistance. "Oh My god! Just fuck me! I can't take anymore. I need to cum!" She panted.
"Say please" I teased.
"Please! Please! Fuck my cunt like you hate me! Just stop teasing me!" she yelled.
Who was I to deny such a urgent request? Besides, it came from my beautiful loving wife.
I leaned over her back and handed her my phone. "I want to see your face while I'm fucking you.
Grabbing her hips I did just as she had pleaded me to do for a few seconds.
The addition of the plug in her ass tightened her up to the point I was glad I'd added the lube. Or it would have been over in a few seconds.
She cursed and cried out with every thrust as the butt plug was being forces as deep as the base would allow each time.
I slow stroked her full length while I caught my breath and regained cum control. "Is that what you wanted Sweetheart?" I asked.
"Oh fuck, I've never felt so full. Its so intense. I'm so close to cumming." She breathlessly whispered.
"Maybe this will help." I said as I leaned over her back, reached under her, grabbed her nipples and pulled. That was all it took. She went into full body convulsions screaming and crying.
I grabbed her hips and, like the rodeo, I tried to ride out the next eight seconds. But, to no avail. Between her cumming grip on my cock and her exaggerated movements got me ready to cum.
I grabbed the butt plug and pulled it out as I pulled out of her cunt causing her to scream. I put the tip of my cock at her slightly gaped asshole and stroked my load up her ass without penetrating her. "Oh my God! Did you just cum in my ass?!" She screamed.
I had to chuckle. "I did. Next time, my cock will be balls deep in it too."
"That's so sick." She whimpered
"You want sick? I'll show you sick." I said as I took the plug and slid it back into her cum lubed ass.
All she could do was moan, "That's disgusting."
"But feels good too. Doesn't it?"I asked.
She had to admit that it wasn't a bad feeling. I untied her hands and cuddled with her for a while before she said she had to go to the bathroom.
I watched her ass as she wobbled to the bathroom. When she was done I got up for my turn. As I got back into bed she rolled onto her side so i could spoon with her.
I whispered in her ear "I love you" as I reached over cradling her right tit. She told me she loved me too as she pushed her ass tight against me. I felt something on my cock as she did.
I reached down between us and surprised to find the plug still or back in her ass. I asked her, "What's up with this? I thought it was disgusting."
She told me that it appears this wasn't going to be the last time. So, she decided that she might as well get used to it. I asked her what she thought Heide and Bret would think about our night. She told me to shut up and go to sleep. I told her good night and feel asleep. I guess she really does love me.