"It's part of her training," you say casually, reaching a hand down to where we're joined, the rest of the boys leaning in as if they're about to take notes. "The body doesn't want to release while the pussy is full, so we have to condition it to behave otherwise."
"How?" one of your guests asks, barely able to keep his voice steady as he palms himself through his sweatpants.
"See here? That's the pee hole, the urethra. It's above the pussy hole. Make note of that, guys. We can massage it to trigger the flow. That's what we're going to do now." There's a smirk in your voice as you add, "You might want to lean back if you don't want to get sprayed."
If anything, some of them lean further in.
You start by rubbing my clit, just for your own pleasure, just to feel my pussy milk your cock, make me shudder a little, sighing as I lean back against your chest. Then, without warning, your hand moves lower, your finger expertly finding the small ring of my pee hole and pushing against it.
I push back, and you give my thigh a little slap with your other hand. Nothing too painful, just a reminder. "Relax," you remind me. To the assembled, you add, "Her impulse is to push against the pressure. Not a bad instinct, but counterproductive in this context. Remember that, boys, when you're training your own sluts. Don't punish her for following her body's natural instinct, just correct it."
I breathe slowly, trying to relax into it, letting my mind slide over the impulse of thinking it feels weird, trying to tap into the deeper pleasure of it. As if you're reading my mind, you give me a little rub on my clit and say, "Decide it feels good, girl."
It's as much of a command as a suggestion, and I feel myself sink a little deeper into it, just as the hot bubble of pee emerges from my hole. It's just a trickle, but it's a good start. The assembled moan in unison, watching. Some of them aren't even hiding it anymore, nakedly stroking their cocks in front of us.
"That's good," you murmur, rubbing just a little bit harder. "Just a little more, and then I want you to release all of it. I want you to show these boys what you can do, hmm? My good girl."
I preen at the praise, a warm glow spreading through my belly. And my bladder really does want to be emptied. I focus on not pushing, just receiving your touch, closing my eyes and breathing softly. My fingers go to my nipples.
"May I?" You know the bite of pain helps me, so you tell me to go ahead. I grasp and pinch, tugging at them at the same moment you pull your hand away. I can feel the oncoming flood and the impulse to cut it off, but I breathe through it, trying to intensify the sensation in my nipples until I know I'm safely over the edge.
"It's coming," I manage to say. "It's coming, it's coming, here it comes - " and there is a rush and a splash as my warm pee streams from the vinyl couch we're sitting on to the tile floor below. One of the guests moans openly as another comes into his fist, grunting softly. You open your fingers into the stream, splashing me a little, playing. After the first stream fades, I push out two, three more little jets, and then settle against your chest.
You lift a hand to my belly and press against my bladder, measuring, testing. "Are you all done?" you ask, more a formality, to prompt me to my piece.
"I'm empty, Daddy," I reply automatically. "I'm empty and I need to be filled up again, please."
"I think we can help with that," says a voice from the group. "What do you think, man, can we have a turn?"
You adjust us so we're both sitting up a bit straighter, and prompt me to get on my knees, still on your cock. You shove a pillow under your hips so the height works better, so that I can ride you while the guests take their turn with my mouth. I suck cock after cock, most of them blessedly shooting off into my mouth within a minute or two. One of the boys says, "Moan for me, sweetheart," and you offer a little incentive, rubbing circles around my clit. I don't moan so much as shriek around him, the vibrations in my throat setting him off.
My poor clit begs to be touched, something, anything. The fourth guest is in my mouth when I feel you shift under me, reaching for something. You pat my back gently, nudging me forward. The cock in my mouth slips another inch toward my through. I fight back a gag and breathe as you press your thumb to my ass, slick with lube. It's easier to fuck me there when my mouth is full, when my jaw is open. It's not the biggest plug, and I take it easily. My moan intensifies when you turn on the vibrations. You tap the base of the plug a few times, feeling my pussy clench around you every time you do.
"How's that?"
"Mhhhaaaoooggg"
"I'll take that as a yes." Chuckling from around the room. I feel you shift again, and this time, you pull me slightly back towards you, reaching around my front, careful not to disturb your buddy, who has taken my head in his hands and is slowly fucking my face.
"Careful," you warn him. "She might bite." To me, you add, "Don't you dare," as the first nipple clamp sears with its bite.
I do not bite. I am a good girl.
I scream.
The second clamp attaches quickly, and I am quickly reduced to a stuttered, rhythmic sob, crying, "unh - unh - unh" as the cock in my mouth twitches and spills down my throat. I choke on it a little, coughing, cum spilling out of my mouth as the next guy steps up. The last one.
"You're lucky," you tell him. "Oh fuck it, you're not lucky, you just paid the most." Laughter all around. My head reels. They paid you for this? To use me like this? To see me trained? I feel lightheaded, dizzy with want, a rush in my pussy. I'm worth all that?
"We're going to go for a triple play," you continue. "I come first, then you, and then, if she's lucky, little miss here." As if to prove it, you move your hand to my clit and start rubbing slowly, agonizingly slow.
"Let it out, baby, he likes a soundtrack," you mutter. I sputter and moan, choking and muffled screams, my body stretched to a breaking point. And all the release I can get is through my mouth.
"Well, get the fuck on with it, unless you want me to beat you to it," your friend says, holding my head still, waiting. You chuckle, and lean into my ear.
"Milk it out of me," you say, and immediately, I start, working my pussy over your cock, muscles exhausted but so deeply in need, squeezing, working, my grunts in time with my efforts. You like the show of this, that you don't even have to work for it, don't have to move in order to dump your cum into me. You do help me out a little bit, working your hips just enough to help me push you over the edge. I sigh in huge relief when I feel the hot, wet spurt of your come inside me. It's almost my turn.
"Okay," you say. "Your turn, buddy." You reach for my clit and start rubbing in earnest. I brace my hands on my thighs as your buddy holds my face, sliding his cock in and out. I am so close. So close.
"Remember," you growl. "He comes first. I want you to come with your mouth full." I make a sound of assent, something in the neighborhood of, "uh-huh." The plug buzzes in my ass, the clamps have numbed my nipples and your fingers feel so good. So amazingly good.
The guests have begun to egg us on, calling out, "Hold on, sweetheart," and "Come on man, fill her belly." I can feel your buddy's cock thickening in my mouth, that telltale sign, and then you pull the clamps off and there's a searing pain in my nipples that pushes me over the edge along with him, choking and moaning around his come, his spent cock falling from my lips as I gasp and shriek, high, urgent, desperate, but finally, finally sated.