Author's Note: I know it's been a terribly long time since I posted the first three chapters of this story. I didn't realize until recently that I had most of chapter four already completed. Thanks to a gentle nudge, I've been able to finish chapter four. I know this sounds obvious, but, unless you've read chapter one through three recently, you won't understand how father and daughter got thrown together like this. Chapter four picks up directly at the end of chapter three with Daddy and Crissy (Kissy) sitting on Daddy's bed.
++++++++++++++++
By now, my cock had been hard for a long, long time and it was leaking a fair amount of precum from the tip. Sitting there and listening to my half naked daughter tell me all the juicy details of what she had done with her friend Beth, and how she's been exposing herself, left me hard as steel and aching for relief.
But that's not what was affecting me the most. I sat there for a long time staring at her perfect little breast buds. They were close enough for me to reach out and touch, or suck, if I wanted to. I know she saw me staring at them – there was no way she could have missed that. And who could blame me? Hell, she was intentionally flaunting them; turning this way and that, teasing me with the little beauties and watching me become more and more on edge. I wanted desperately to slip my mouth around them and lick the pink puffy caps and I think she could read it clearly in my eyes.
For some reason, what she said next both shocked me, and, excited me to the core of my being. I wasn't ready for it, but I knew I yearned for it.
"Daddy, I'm not sure how to ask this, but, would you be willing to do something for me?" she inquired.
"Sure, Honey, what is it?" I answered.
"Will you, I mean.... uh...... do you want to watch me..... you know... masturbate?" She asked.
The question hit me like a freight train. "Hell yes!" My mind screamed. Did she possibly think I wouldn't? It what universe does a healthy, normal man not want to watch a beautiful young woman touch herself? Then, as if she had to convince me, she raised her hands in an exaggerated fashion to her little cones and modestly covered them. When she saw me staring, she gave me a sly smile and moved her fingers to her hard nipples and began to pinch and tug them away from her chest.
Then, as I watched her, she began speaking again, saying: "Uh, I saw you last night in the kitchen when you thought I was asleep. I saw what you were doing with my bra and panties; smelling them and rubbing my bra on your face like you were trying to nuzzle my nipples. I was hiding behind the doorway watching when you wrapped my panties around your cock and then played with yourself. I saw everything. I watched you cum all over my panties, Daddy, these exact ones I'm wearing right now. I found them folded up on the table this morning after you washed them last night. I thought you might want to see what they looked like on me, so, I put them on this morning..... just for you."
I sat there dumbfounded. I didn't say anything. I was trying to think of what I could possibly say to explain it to her, but before I could say something, she asked "Daddy, my bra and panties turned you on last night, didn't they?"
"Yes," I said, "I'm sorry I did that, Kissy, and I'm sorry you saw it. I didn't plan for that to happen, I thought you were asleep. But, honestly, Honey, after seeing you naked last night I was so turned on, I just couldn't help myself. It's been so long for me, Honey..... I had to do something. It was wrong, I know."
"Do you hear me complaining?" She inquired. "I didn't think it was wrong. I didn't mind at all that you were using my undies to get some pleasure. In fact, I was overjoyed. That was my bra you were fingering and rubbing on your face – the one that held THESE breasts, the ones you're looking at right now. And, with all the crap I've had to put up with about my tiny chest, I'm thrilled someone is finally interested in them! I'm even more thrilled that it's you, Daddy."
"The same goes for my panties." She continued. "Those were MY panties that turned you on. I felt proud when you wrapped them around your cock and stroked yourself. Daddy, I know you were thinking about me – you can't deny that, and it was my panties and my bra that got you so excited. When you came, you were thinking about me, weren't you? I know you were. Seeing all that really made me feel good, you know.... as a woman, I mean. Do you know how exciting that was for me – to know someone was fantasizing about me? Someone wanted me!"
"Crissy, I, uh, I don't know what to say." I said. "I'm glad you're not mad at me, Honey, But, I was invading your personal space without your knowledge or permission."
"Daddy, listen to me for a minute, okay?" She asked. "You HAVE my permission. You've always had my permission. You didn't invade my personal space, either. I was so turned on watching you, Daddy, and I want you to feel the same excitement I felt. I saw you do it, and now, I want you to watch me."
"I, uh....." I mumbled as she looked at me with determination. After a second, her expression changed and she looked at me with her big eyes.
"Will you take my panties off me now?" She pleaded as she ran her fingers under the waistband of her panties. "I want you to see me, Daddy. I want you to undress me so I'm naked like I was last night. I watched you, now you have to watch me. Pleeeeeease?"
She made a good case. She was right about everything - I was thinking about her last night when I was playing with her bra and panties. And I had schemed to see her naked for the sole purpose of my own enjoyment. She obviously knew how much she turned me on. She knew how much I wanted to see, touch and suck her petite AA-cups and how much I longed to have her naked in front of me.
Giving in to what I knew was inevitable, I sat up and moved slowly between her legs. Seeing me move, she laid all the way back, smiled, pulled her knees up to her chest and spread her legs. Looking down, I could see into the furrow of her crotch and saw how wet she was. Without thinking or stopping, I bent my face down to her panties and looked at her closely as if trying to see through the wet material clinging to her mound. Burying my nose in the soft, wet gusset of her panties, I inhaled her scent deeply. It was strong and tempting and I knew she was going to taste excellent.
I buried my face in her wet underpants, licking them up and down, sucking her juices from the material and feeling for her bare sex underneath with my tongue. I was like a wild animal and I lost track of time and space as I enjoyed her. Her scent was overpowering and full, and her taste delighted me with every lick. As I lapped up her wetness, more and more seemed to seep out of her and spread all over my face. My hands roamed everywhere. I was entirely on fire for her.
The sheer experience of having my pretty daughter's body at my fingertips kicked me into overdrive. I have never had a virgin, or been able to do what I was doing with such a young woman. Sure, I had some girls when I was her age, but, not like this. None of them begged me to undress them. None of them asked me to watch them masturbate. We were all inexperienced back then and sex was usually just a quick feel or maybe a blow job if I was lucky. But this.... this was real passion, real animal passion... the kind that drives you to say and do things you wouldn't normally do.
While I was licking and kissing her pantied pussy, she was holding my head and guiding me. "Oh, Daddy," she said, "you DO like my panties, don't you!"
I just groaned as I continued my tongue attack on her. I looked up, not even pulling my face out of her crotch, and she was looking down at me smiling. "Do you want to be my panty boss from now on, Daddy?" She asked between my groans and gasps. "You can be in charge of my panties, if you want to. Would you like that?" She asked.
"Oh yeah!" I answered, lifting my head up out of her crotch long enough to answer.
"You can decide which ones I'll wear, dress me and undress me.... whatever you want. You can play with them and you don't have to ask – they are yours, anytime and anyplace." She added, taunting me. She knew exactly what to say to get me going.
My cock was throbbing, but I ignored its urgency because I was eager to get my first close up view of her virgin pussy spread open. I knew she was hot and wet, and I had deliberately refrained from touching her beneath the panty, but, it was getting hard to hold off now. My cock was screaming for attention but my face didn't want to leave her pussy. I would have been totally satisfied to just lie there and lick her all day had it not been for the fact that she had asked me to remove her panties.
Making a decision, I stopped, rose up and took in the sight of her lying there. The tender nips of her dainty breasts, now having almost disappeared as she reclined, were hard little pebbles against her clear skin. Her face had the look of a woman who was about to be satisfied – that look that said "I know what you want..... and I know it's me". Then scanning down to the juncture of her legs, I saw she was running her finger tip up and down the crease in her saturated panties, nodding her head up and down.
"Go ahead, Daddy," she said, "take my panties off me."
With that, I put my hands on the waistband of her panties and started to pull them off. She closed her knees a little, pointed her feet toward the ceiling and lifted her butt just a smidgen to help me. "Oh, gawd!" She gasped. "I'm dripping! Can you see?"
As they came off, I watched as the crotch lifted away from her, revealing her engorged vagina, all slippery and wet. As I pulled the panties from her legs, I sniffed them one last time and tossed the panties up on my desk where I could retrieve them later.
Finally, her delicate treasure laid spread out before me. I had to sit there for a minute and admire her. She glistened she was so wet, reflecting the light in the room from the moisture that had been trapped under her panties. Separating the light hairs, I placed my hands on each side of her labia and began to slowly spread her apart. As I did, the unmistakable sounds of wet vaginal lips being separated filled my ears. Her virgin pinkness came into view, little by little, as I continued. Soon, I held her lips completely open so I could see every thing in perfect detail while she lay there allowing herself to be inspected. My first thought was how small she was – she looked so tiny there.
I was fascinated looking at her. Crissy's vagina was a study in loveliness. She was sopping wet, due to her natural lubrication and the licking she received, but the way her outer lips parted slightly to reveal the small inner lips was magnificent. Plus, there was a surprise waiting for me between her labia, no – actually two surprises waiting for me. The first was her clit. It was poking out at me, stretching up as I held her lips apart, waiting for me to suck it. Plus, it was big – practically the size of the fingernail on my little finger. Honestly, it looked like a miniature penis head straining to erect itself.
Most clits I've seen in pictures on the internet, and certainly all I have actually seen in person, were not anywhere close to this size. They were all dainty little nubs tucked away under the hood. Sure, they all did what they were supposed to do, but, Crissy's could easily be considered 'huge'.
However, the most amazing thing about her pussy was not her clit, at least in my opinion. There, right in front of me was proof positive that she was a virgin. Her hymen, still intact, was right there – I didn't even have to try to see it, it was right in front of me.
Until this day, I hadn't ever seen a real, certified, cherry virgin pussy. The translucent pink membrane, stretched across her opening, had a small hole in it, right in the center and perfectly round. The hole might have been a half inch wide and through it laid the pinkness of her unused and untouched pussy.
Holding her open, I had to marvel at the wonder of her sex. How many men had this opportunity, I though, to really look at a real virgin pussy. Sure, I knew that most girls lose their hymen through sports or physical activities, but, this was pure innocence and untouched female perfection lying naked and open in front of me. It dawned on me that nothing could have ever been in there since virtually nothing could fit through the small hole in her hymen, except maybe her own finger tip.
I looked up to see her smiling down at me. "I told you I was a virgin, Daddy," she said, "Can you see it?"
"Kissy," I said, "I'm speechless. This is just the most amazing thing I have ever seen."
"This is just like that night at Beth's house when those boys were looking at me. I feel so naked and exposed..... I love this, Daddy.... I love you looking at me." She moaned. "Can you see everything? Can you see I'm still a virgin? You're going to be first, Daddy."
Her hands were gently squeezing the petite buds on her chest. She was alluring and beautiful, sensual and magical all at the same time. Looking up at her, I took in her physical beauty as she played with her nips and I felt my cock twinge with desire to simply stop what I was doing and watch her caress and play with them.
Turning my attention back to her pussy, I spread my daughter's lips open as far as I could and bent down, at first just to look closer at her cherry. But, as I got closer, I kept going until my face was lying in her crotch. I felt the small hole in her hymen with my tongue and pushed on it lightly. I felt it give way just a little against the gentle probing of my tongue, but, not wanting to deflower her, I moved up to her clit. As soon as I touched it and started to nibble at the large bud, she started to squirm as if I had injected her with 1,000 volts of electricity. I felt her hands on my head pulling me tight into her.
I began to lick her with strokes up and down the length of her small slit, stopping at the apex of the small lips so I could apply a sucking action on her clit. After a minute of this, she started to mutter a long slow guttural sound, which I hoped was the first signs of an orgasm.
She pulled my face into her crotch tighter and I latched onto her clit and began to suck it. She started to grind herself into me, humping my face and as her legs stated to shudder and her chest rose and fell, she exploded. It was the single most intense orgasm I have ever seen a female endure. She was thrashing, jerking my face into her and yelling "Oh! Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes."
I pulled my face out of her crotch, making sure her cherry was still intact, and watched as she released her nipples, caught her breath and started to settle down. Once she did, I moved up next to her and lay down right against her side. She rolled toward me and didn't hesitate to kiss me, even though my face was literally covered with her sweet girl juice.
We rested like that for several minutes before she asked "Daddy, can I ask one special favor?"
"Sure, Kissy," I said, "Anything you want."
"This is a big one," she went on to say, "and it's important to me so I hope you'll say yes. So, here goes...... Daddy, when you take my cherry, can Beth watch?"
I didn't say anything. I thought she would want that moment to be something special, something just between her and me, but, apparently I was wrong.
She went on to say "Beth let me watch her when she did it the first time. She wasn't a real virgin like I am, but, she let me hide in her closet and watch her boyfriend do it to her. We made a pact that we would be with one another when it happened. So, would that be okay, Daddy.... if she was here and watched?"
I wasn't terribly surprised once she explained it, especially given everything she had told me up to now, but, it was a little kinkier than I would have cooked up myself. "What would she do while she was here?"
"Just watch," Crissy told me, "That's all, just watch."
"Would she be naked? Were you naked when you watched her?" I asked.
"I was in a closet." She said. "I played with myself while I watched them, but, they didn't see that. I'm sure she would sit and watch, and if you wanted her to be naked, I don't think that would be a problem for Beth, that's for sure."
"Well," I said, "I just needed ask so I wouldn't be surprised at anything. For all I know, she might show up with a camera and want to take pictures or videos!"
"Oh, Daddy!" She said. "Could she? Could she do that? Take pictures I mean?"
"Let me think about that one, Kissy." I said. "Imight be okay with it if she used my digital camera and only if it doesn't leave the house until I get the pictures off."
"Oh, thank you, Daddy!" she said as she flew into my arms. "So, when can we do it?"
"Kissy, let's don't rush it. How about if we just ease into this a little bit at a time? Let's start by letting you run around the house in your little panties or naked, and I can teach you all the secrets of how to touch a man, and you can teach me how to touch you just the way you like." I asked.
"Trust me," I added, "there's a lot of things we can do before we jump right into intercourse." I told her, "When the time comes, we'll both know it and when you're really ready to lose it, you make the arrangements with Beth and let me know. I don't want to force or push you into anything, Crissy."
"Can I ask something else?" She asked.
"Uh huh, go ahead." I answered.
"When we do it," she paused, "I want to be on my back with my legs spread and I want you to...... this is so embarrassing to tell you, but, I want you to do it in one thrust. You don't have to be gentle, Daddy. You can just ram it in me if you want. I'm dying to feel your hard cock breaking through my cherry. I don't care if it hurts more that way, or not. I've dreamed about this for years and I want to lose it in one hard thrust."
"Kissy, I can't just slam it to you, and I'm not going to agree to do that. There's no way I could live with myself if I hurt you." I answered.
She looked sad. "Can you promise me you won't stop, though?" She asked. "Promise me that once I'm lying there and you put your cock up to me you won't stop no matter what I say or what happens."
"I can't promise that, Honey." I answered. "Why are you asking me to do that, anyway?"
"Okay, you might not understand this, but, some of my friends said that their first time was no big deal. The guy just put it in them and then it was over. I want mine to be memorable. I want to feel your big cock breaking through my cherry.... and you know what... I sort of hope it hurts. Daddy, don't you get it? I don't want you to be gentle, I want you to fuck me passionately and don't stop until you cum in me!"
I thought about it for a minute.
"Crissy, as long as you don't cry or scream out in pain, I promise I won't stop. But I'm going to try to be gentle for your first time." I said, and then added "I'll tell you what, how about the first time you let me be in control and then the next time, I'll fuck you as hard as you want me to, or you can get up on top of me and ride me as hard as you want to. How about that?"
She started pouting again and put on her little puppy dog face and said: "I used to dream about my first time, Daddy. I used to dream about laying there and crying because it hurt so much. And then you would hold me tenderly when it was over, keeping your cock in me, consoling me and telling me it was all over. You would say you loved me and it was going to be okay."
"Kissy, I do love you but I can't do this if it's going to hurt you down there. I don't want to rip you open or hurt you so we can't do it again. You wouldn't want that, would you? It's because I love you that I have to make sure it's gentle the first time. Can you understand that?" I answered.
"I understand. Just promise you won't stop once you start, okay? Can you at least promise me that?" She begged.
"Okay, I'll promise you I won't stop as long as you let me do it my way the first time." I said.
She held up her little finger saying "Pinky swear you won't stop?"
I interlocked my pinky finger with hers and we shook just like we used to do when she was a kid. "Yeah," I replied, "pinky swear."
Her pouting lips turned into a smile. I looked down at her pussy and imagined what it would look like after I deflowered her. I looked up to her face and said "Hey, what do you say we go out and buy some clothes for you? Some really sexy things I can show you off in? You can even call your friend, Beth and see if she wants to go to the mall with us."
"You mean it? Can I call her right now?" She asked excitedly.
"I just need to take a shower and then we can go, so, sure, you can call her." I said.
"Oh, Daddy, thank you, thank you, thank you." She said as she rolled on top of me and started kissing me. I put my arms around her and we embraced as we kissed. My hard cock was trapped between our bodies and as she moved to straddle me on her knees, my cock found it's way between her legs. When she sat back on me, my cock was laying lengthwise against her slit.
"Oh!" she said as she sat down on me.
"Better watch it," I said, "or your friend's going to miss the big event."
The look on her face changed. She suddenly started to gaze out into space and her eyes became distant. She started to move back and forth, grinding her wet pussy along the length of my engorged cock. She came dangerously close to letting my cock slide between her lips once or twice.
She took on the look of a determined woman as she maneuvered herself about my shaft. "Can I stay naked when she comes?" She panted.
"Kissy," I answered, "you would like that wouldn't you? You want her to see you naked, don't you?"
She only nodded her head as she rubbed on me. "Okay then," I agreed, "I'll let you stay naked until we leave for the mall together, but, you have to do something for me first."
"Anything, Daddy," she panted, "You know I'll do anything for you."
"Are you sure?" I asked. "Even if it's very, very nasty?"
"Oh," she answered, "especially if it's very, very nasty."
"Okay, then" I replied, "first, I want you to rub on me and make yourself cum on my cock. I want you to think about being exposed – letting people see you naked. Letting them look at your perfect tits and beautiful pussy... letting them see between your legs.... maybe lying on your back with your legs spread so there's no doubt you are letting them see your pussy. I might want you to touch yourself while they watch, too."
Her panting picked up pace and she squinted her eyes moaning, "Oh, I would love that!"
Next, I told her she would have to let me pick out all her clothes when we went shopping. And I was going to pick out some clothes that would allow someone to easily look inside her top and see those perfect, bare nipples. No more bras, I told her. From now on, when she went out with me, she had to dress so someone could get a peek at her breasts, if they wanted to. "It's such a shame to keep them hidden away and out of sight, Kissy. They are beautiful and you should get used to people wanting to see them." I said.
Her breathing rate increased again and she nodded 'okay' to me.
"And around the house," I continued, "I only want you to wear panties unless I say otherwise. That way, I can see your cute boobies anytime I want to and see that tiny ass of yours wrapped up tight sexy panties."
"On top of that," I added, "I would like to see a crease in the front of your panties at all times, between your pussy lips. That will help bring attention to your pussy when someone sees it."
"Oooohhhh," she groaned as she lay down on top of me, continuing to slide along the length of my shaft and nuzzling her head in the cleft of my shoulder.
"Tell me you won't hide yourself or cover yourself up, Crissy. Tell me you want me to expose you and you'll follow all of Daddy's rules. And realize, I'm going to have to shave your pussy so it can be easily seen..... not that mass of hair you have down there now. Say it, baby." I asked.
"Oh, yes, yes," she answered, "I do want you to expose me. I want that so much! And I promise you, Daddy, I won't ever cover myself, I'll do whatever you say, wear whatever you want me to wear and follow all the rules, I'll even let you shave me."
She was moaning and a sheen of sweat covered her petite body as it moved effortlessly on top of me. I wondered if she realized what she was agreeing to, or if it was the excitement and passion she was feeling that was driving her agreement.
"Good, Kissy." I praised her. "If you do all these things, then I'll let you stay naked until Beth gets here... and then, I'll shave you. But, you have to let her watch."
Unable to speak now, she just nodded her head up and down. I could feel that the wetness escaping from her pussy had drenched us both and the sheets underneath. She was almost there, almost ready to cum again.
"Come on, Kissy," I urged, "cum on me so you can call Beth and tell her your Dad is keeping you naked, and you want her to come over and watch me shave you."
At my final urging, she froze and shook. Grunting and extruding sounds and moans that could only mean she was cumming, her face went red and I could tell she wasn't breathing even though her mouth was gaping wide open. Reaching up to her breasts, I cupped the petite little gems in my hands and closed my palms around them. Damn, they were so beautiful.
Immediately, I heard the air escape from her lungs and a high pitched squeal escape her mouth. The way she vibrated on top of my cock was fascinating. For a brief instant, I considered lifting her hips, placing my cock at the opening of her pussy and pulling her down on top of my rod, but, I knew there was plenty of time for that in the coming days.
"Oooooohhhhhhhh, Daddy!" She screamed.
"That's it, Kissy," I answered, "don't hold it back. Let it overtake you and cum on your Daddy's cock."
Her head thrashed back and forth a final time and she collapsed down on top of me gasping for breath. I could feel her heart, pounding away in her chest as she lay against me. I patted her back and stroked her hair as she came back to earth, allowing her to rest and gain her composure.
My cock, on the other hand, was still having fits and as she rested on top of me, I knew I had to achieve some release.
I lifted her head and looked at her. She was flushed and sweaty. A rash of red flowed from her neck down to her breasts. I chuckled to myself knowing she must have had a very satisfying cum. "It looks good on you, Crissie." I said.
"Huh?" She replied.
"Your orgasm," I answered, "it must have been a good one and I'm betting you really got off on all our nasty talk."
She blushed and batted her eyes like she was flirting with me. "Oh, Daddy," she whispered, "you're embarrassing me." As she laid her head on my shoulder, I had to smile.
We lay together for a long time, neither of us saying a word. Finally, I decided it was time to give her a hint that I needed some relief. I began to flex my cock muscles, gently causing it to strain against her.
She pulled her head off my shoulder and looked at me. "You need to cum, don't you?" She asked.
"Yes, baby," I answered, "it's not fair for you to have so much fun and leave me hanging."
"What can I do to help you?" She smiled with a wicked grin.
I thought at first I might have her suck me, but then decided on something else because I didn't know how she felt about oral sex, especially given what she overheard her mother telling her jackass boyfriend.
So, putting my hands on her shoulders and pushing her up until she raised herself, I asked her to turn around. As she was turning, I told her I wanted her to sit on my face so I could nuzzle into her virgin pussy and jack my cock at the same time.
"Do you want me to suck your cock?" She asked.
I was surprised to hear those words coming from my daughter's mouth, but, I told her she could just watch. The urgency of my need was such that I didn't want to waste time trying to teach her the way I liked to be sucked, so for me, I was content for her to simply watch.
I hovered her hips above me and told her to lower herself down to my face, saying, "Kissy, just hold yourself up so I can lick you. I'll play with myself and you can see how I do it. I want you to learn how to stroke me, so, just watch for now."
She did as I asked and lowered herself down to my lips. If there was any question regarding how wet she was, it was put to sleep within a few seconds. Her pubic hair was saturated and as my tongue found it's way between her lips, I was met with a gush of juice that flowed into my mouth and all over my face.
As I began to jack myself, I felt a warm sensation cover my knob. I surmised it must be her lips holding on to the crown of my cock and discovered that was true when I felt her mouth move down my shaft and envelope my stiffness inside her teenage mouth.
I withdrew my hand and let her suck on me for a minute. For someone with no experience, she was doing an excellent job. I felt her grab my shaft and work it up and down, then suck me into her warm mouth again. Was I going to let her continue to play my bonafone and take a mouthful of cum, or did I plan to stop her before it got too late?
"Crissy, you know what's going to happen if you keep that up, don't you?" I asked.
She pulled off my slobbery cock and answered "Oh, so am I doing this right? Is this going to make you cum?"
"Crissy, I know you're a virgin but I'm pretty sure you know what happens when a horny guy gets a blow job from a beautiful, naked girl, don't you?" I replied.
"Daddy, please don't make me stop." She pleaded. "All the other girls talk about how good they are at giving blow jobs..."
She took me back in her mouth and almost gagged as she attempted to swallow me whole, then she continued saying, "If you want me to stop, I will, but what I would really like is for you to lay there and let me make you cum."
"Kissy, do you mean you want me to cum in your mouth?" I asked.
Without stopping her movements, I heard her moan "Uh-huh."
"You're sure about this?" I questioned.
"Oh, yes!" She said as she pulled my cock out her mouth and took a deep breath and took it in again.
I reached up and pulled her hips down and settled her pussy on my face and started to lick and suck her slimy, juicy pussy. I made a split decision to simply let her go and if she could make me cum, I would unload in her mouth with no warning, giving her exactly what she asked for. The surprise of it, I thought, might fulfill her desire to have made me cum.
I licked and sucked her pussy, taking great care not to push too much on her hymen. I wanted her to feel me there, though, so I pushed against it with my tongue.
Despite her awkwardness and inexperience, she was starting to get me close to an explosion point. I tried not to thrust up into her or moan to give it away. It took all the strength I had to lay there and suck up her ample juices and let her bring me along.
All of a sudden, I felt a heavy flow of her pussy juice almost fill my mouth. She started moaning and her hips started to shake. I wasn't really trying to make her cum, the licking she was getting was primarily for my benefit – so I could get my face into her virgin pussy, but she had all the signs of an approaching orgasm.
This fact lit me off like a rocket and before I knew it, I felt the pressure building in my balls and I just let it happen. I had to hold her haunches up off me to get a breath, and when I pulled her vagina down on my face again, I took her clit in between my lips and gave it a good, long sucking while I tongued its tip.
I heard her start to whine about the time I knew I was going to erupt. I started to lick her from her opening to her clit and back again. I held back as long as I could, but when I knew my own release was immanent, I sucked hard on her clit and she started to buck. "Oh, Daddy," she gasped, "I'm cumming... Oh, oh, oh......"
She took my cock back into her mouth just as my first jet of ejaculate shot out. Then, another, and another rope of sperm shot into her. All the while, she kept me in her mouth and kept sucking. Holding me with her hands, she took it all and her mouth never left me until I pushed her hips up and spoke to her.
"Damn, Crissy," I exclaimed, "that was one of the best suck jobs I've ever had!"
She scampered off and turned to face me. I'm sure we were both surprised to see the look on each other's face. My own, completely covered with her pussy juice, while her lips, chin and cheeks were covered with a mixture of her spit and my cum.
Her eyes were wide and she had a grin on her face wider than the smile she wore the first time the tooth fairy came for her.
"Sorry, I didn't tell you, Kissy," I apologized, "but, you seemed so determined and I was getting into it so much..... and the next thing I knew, I was cumming."
"No!" She exclaimed. "Don't apologize." She said. "That was so cool. I was getting worried that I wasn't doing it right and then, WHAM! You made me cum and the next thing I knew, you were pulsing and throbbing and I could feel globs of your hot cum filling my mouth. It was....uh,..... incredible!"
"You certainly made it incredible for me, too." I said.
"Now," I continued, "I want you to call your friend, Beth. Remember, you're going to tell her you're at your Dad's house, that you're naked and then ask if she wants to come over and watch me shave your pussy and then go to the mall with us."
"Oh, Daddy!" She gasped. "You're really going to shave me down there?"
"That's exactly what I mean, Baby," I answered. "There's no use showing it off if you can't see it, is there?"
To be continued in chapter five.