Sandra straightens her simple black dress before moving up the stairs. Her heels click on the stone as she confidently ascends towards the doorway and the possibilities beyond. She shows the doorman her member card, and the entrance is opened.
Having been here a multitude of times before, Sandra no longer notices the glamour of the grand foyer with its high ceiling supporting an opulent chandelier or the twin marble staircase dominating the room. She greets those she has seen before with a polite smile and nod, but as her normal practice, doesn't speak to anyone. She takes a glass of champagne from a passing waiter before moving into a hallway to the right of the foyer.
Sandra follows the hallway, nodding to and passing those moving in the opposite direction. She comes to a door at the end of the hallway that allows her to experience the only physical pleasure she knows. Opening the door, she climbs the servant's stairs up to the second floor.
Rows of doors line both sides of the corridor. Sandra begins to move forward reading the placards next each. Tonight, there are two rooms dedicated to spanking, basic and advanced; two rooms for group sex; one each for foot fetish, lingerie, orgasm control, and male bondage. A room in the middle contains what Sandra is in the mood for: female bondage.
Sandra opens the door and enters another hallway with six doors; three to the left and three to the right. Going to the left, Sandra sees that the middle room is unoccupied. She opens the door, enters, and closes and locks the door. Turning around, she looks through the one-way glass down to the room being used for this fetish tonight.
In the center of the room is a steel bondage frame. Tied up and hanging spread-eagle is a 30-ish brunette. Her shoulder-length hair is loose and wavy. Even stretched out, it is obvious that she is curvy. Her breasts are full and natural. Her waist tapers inward above proportionately flared hips. She has long legs and a generous bottom.
A man hovers near the apparatus. He is either her master, or for those who do not have a master, her guardian for the night. Regardless of his relationship to her, he is to make sure she is not abused. She has a safe word and when she says it, everything stops.
Near the bondage frame is a table with the toys available to use on display. From her vantage point, Sandra can see an assortment of harnesses, vibrators, dildos, butt plugs, and nipple clamps. A jar of condoms is at the center. There are other items available for the evening, but from 15 feet above, they are hard to make out.
In the room are those members who wish to participate. Most are men in suits and ties. There are a few women, likely the wives or girlfriends of the men, although Sandra has seen a few single women attend before. Some members are chatting with each other, ignoring the woman on display. Others stand around watching other members or watching tonight's attraction. Currently, an older gentleman in a tuxedo is fondling the woman's breasts. His very young wife (or girlfriend?) watches his hands as she rubs her body against him.
Sandra has always gotten more satisfaction from watching sexual play. She can feel what she is watching. The thought of someone touching her, doing to her what she sees, doesn't excite her. It makes her anxious, and not in a good way.
Turning to the right, she considers sitting in the plush chair placed in the center of the room. It is raised on a platform to ensure that the activities below can be seen even while sitting. She decided to remain standing, for now. Sandra takes a sip of her champagne and sets the glass and her clutch on a small table in the room that is within reaching distance of the chair.
Focusing back on the action below, the master/guardian has started making introductions.
"Ladies and gentlemen. Tonight, I have for you Elizabeth. Elizabeth is game for everything except spanking. Light taps are acceptable, but if it is hard enough to leave a mark lasting more than 20 seconds, you will be asked to leave or be escorted out. Condoms are not required, but available. Elizabeth will be repositioned after each orgasm you give her. Enjoy yourself."
Sandra watches as people start gathering around Elizabeth. Hands reach out from all sides to touch and fondle her. Some stroke her hair. Others touch her skin. One puts their fingers into her mouth. A few members play with her breasts, ass, or pussy. From above, Sandra can see every caress, every pinch.
Someone brings forth a pair of nipple clamps and attaches them to Elizabeth. Her head rolls back in pleasure as they are tightened down. Sandra feels the tightness in her own nipples as she watches.
The crowd surrounding Elizabeth begins to thin as some members stand back to watch. A younger gentleman in a simple suit tugs gently on the chain connecting the nipple clamps.
Behind Elizabeth, the older gentleman from earlier is playing with her ass cheeks. He rubs his groin against her while his wife/girlfriend stands behind him, reaching around to run her hands up and down his stomach and chest.
A woman in her twenties stands almost in front of Elizabeth and caresses her thighs, working her way upward. She asks Elizabeth, "Do you want me to play with your pussy? Do you want me to get your clit all hard?"
"Yes, ma'am." Is the reply.
Up in the viewing room, Sandra feels all of these touches. Anticipation begins to build between her legs. She steps away from the window for a moment to remove her lace panties. After setting them aside on the table, she returns to watch.
The older gentleman and his wife/girlfriend have moved from behind Elizabeth to the corner of the room and she is giving him a blowjob.
The man who was pulling on the nipple clamps has moved behind Elizabeth and is fingering her pussy. Sandra thinks he has three fingers in her.
The woman who was kneading Elizabeth's thighs has reached her clit and is rubbing it in small circles. "Should I stop what I am doing?"
"No, ma'am"
Sandra wishes there were cameras angled up from below so that she could watch the ministrations at her sex. She'll need to remember to make that suggestion to the club.
A man walks up behind the woman playing with Elizabeth's clit and whispers something in her ear. She looks back at him and smiles. He stands close to her and reaches around to start playing with her breasts through the top of her strapless dress. The top of the dress works its way down and the man doesn't hesitate to take advantage of the exposed flesh. He plays with her nipples with one hand and slides the other up and underneath her skirt. Sandra thinks they will be visiting one of the orgy rooms in a bit.
Sandra starts fondling her breasts with one hand, the other reaching under the hem of her black dress to mimic the actions being performed on the woman below.
A beautifully dark-skinned man approaches Elizabeth with a basic dildo. The gentleman behind Elizabeth sees the dark-skinned man approach with the toy and removes his fingers from her pussy. He uses his moistened fingers to start playing with her rose bud.
The dark-skinned moistens the tip of the dildo with her juices and slides it inside her. He starts with a slow, deep rhythm. Elizabeth begins to moan.
The woman at Elizabeth's clit becomes distracted and loses her tempo as the man behind her increases the pace of the hand under her skirt. After a minute, she pulls his hands off her, straightens her dress, and they leave the room.
The dark-skinned man removes the dildo and walks to the display table. He picks up a larger dildo that has an extension whose purpose is to stimulate the clit and a butt plug. He hands the plug to the man behind Elizabeth, along with some lube. He returns to the front of Elizabeth and inserts it, starting at a good pace.
At the back of Elizabeth, the man applies the lube to the plug. He begins inserting it into her ass. Elizabeth's moans increase.
A man in his thirties approaches Elizabeth from the side. He removes the nipple clamps and starts pinching the nipple nearest him and pulling it outward. Elizabeth's moans get even more frequent and breathier.
Sandra, alone in the viewing room, watches and feels all this. She pulls on her own nipple. She thrusts three fingers inside of herself, her thumb manipulating her nub. Her breath gets heavy.
The two men penetrating Elizabeth remove the toys from her body. They pull out their cocks. The man behind adds some lube to his. Together, they enter her. It doesn't take long for the men to find a rhythm suitable for both.
The expression on Elizabeth's face is ecstasy. Her breasts bounce with each thrust of the double penetration.
Sandra needs to sit in the chair provided. Reaching over to the table, she first takes another sip of champagne, then pulls a small tube of lube out of her clutch. She applies some lube to the index finger of her right hand. She splays her legs and thrusts the fingers of her left hand back inside of herself. Her right goes to her anus. She slowly penetrates herself.
Below, the two men are pounding Elizabeth with their cocks. All three are covered in a sheen of sweat. Two male observers have approached Elizabeth and are playing with her nipples as the watch the men sliding in and out of her. A female has also joined the circle and is fondling her clit.
Suddenly, Elizabeth begins trembling. Her eyes roll back into her head and she screams as her orgasm rushes over her. The men inside her also come as her body tenses, squeezing their cocks.
Upstairs, Sandra's fingers work tirelessly. Wet sounds penetrate the room as she fucks herself with her fingers. She curls into herself as she crests her wave. The pace her fingers had kept, slow down to nothing. Sandra sits in the chair gasping for breath.
In the few minutes it has taken her to catch her breath, Elizabeth has been removed from her original bindings and is now placed in a swing. Her legs are again spread open, as are her ass cheeks. A few drips of come, along with her own juices, drip to the floor.
Sandra takes a tissue from the table and cleans herself up. She puts her panties back on, puts the lube back in her clutch, and takes the glass of champagne. She takes a sip before leaving the room.
She retraces her steps down the corridor and down the servant's stairs to the first floor. She leaves her now empty champagne glass with a passing waiter and exits the estate.
Sandra straightens her simple black dress before moving down the stairs to the valet. Her heels click on the stone as she confidently descends from the doorway and the possibilities beyond.