This story is the fourth in a series and it may not make sense if you haven't read what happened beforehand.
You can check out the first here:https://literotica.com/s/violettes-romp-with-a-big-dick
The second here:https://literotica.com/s/violettes-second-romp
And the third is here:https://literotica.com/s/violettes-third-romp
Saturday morning was a little rough. We were both tired and a little bit hungover. We got up, showered (one at a time), had a small breakfast, and tried to rehydrate as best we could. We didn't talk about the night before, at least not yet, but there were quick glances and suggestive smiles back and forth. After lunch, I laid down on the couch and fell asleep, while Violette headed to the bedroom for a nap as well.
An hour or so of sleep was the magic answer for recovery. I awoke to the feeling of my dick being pleasured. I opened my eyes, looked, down and saw my sweet little wife Violette, kneeling beside the couch, and ever-so-gently giving me a slow blowjob.
She let my dick pop out of her mouth, looked at me and said seductively, "I think I'm still horny from last night."
Without saying a word, I hopped up off the couch and she followed me into the bedroom. It was time for a full debriefing. We laid side-by-side, each using one of our hands to slowly and gently pleasure the other while we talked. We had a lot to go over. Until the night before, we had exactly two encounters in the hotwife/swinging scene, both with Dalton. Then in one evening we had three more, Violette having her first lesbian experience, then fucking Dalton again, then fucking an old acquaintance and his massive black dick. If you counted me fucking Cyera, you could say it was a fourth new experience.
I don't want to bore you with the details of our long conversation, but we quickly figured out where we were in this whole thing. Violette enjoyed the lesbian encounter but didn't really feel a yearning to do it again. If there was a situation that was hot, then maybe she would do it again. So, we kind of put a hold on that aspect for the time being.
I enjoyed fucking Cyera, but as strange as it sounds, I think I got far more enjoyment out of watching Violette fuck Dalton and Trent. Honestly, the best part of the hookup with Cyera was the games she played with me, her words and little tricks, talking about how much better Violette was getting fucked, etc. It's not what I would choose every night, but for us, this new "lifestyle" wasn't an every-night thing. We were still madly in love, and more than happy just fucking each other's brains out. The hotwifing deal was more like a special treat for special occasions.
So, we knew going forward that when we played, we were focused on, well, to put it bluntly, Violette getting fucked by a big dick. Now Dalton was "retired" from that aspect as a manner of speaking. We were honestly fine with that. That coupling was started with the idea of her pretending to cheat with a "bad boy." After getting to know Dalton, the edge was gone.
Now we move to the subject of Trent. While we had known him longer than Dalton, and knew that he was a genuine, nice person, the whole BBC thing was new and thus still plenty edgy, and he seemed so good at being dominant it was easy to forget how nice he was inside. With that, we had decided how to move forward. The next time we felt like having an encounter, it would be with Trent.
I reached out to Trent and got the story on what he had been up to. Since leaving the gym, he had moved to a city a couple of hours away and was a business-owner. He was actually happily married to a woman named Jill (who is dark skinned and of mixed race parents if you are wondering). One day during a drunken round of sex, his wife told him that one of her good friends, a small, petite blonde, had a thing for black men and found him particularly attractive. Jill said the idea of watching him pound a tiny little blonde woman turned her on, and so they made it happen. During a girls' night a few weeks later, the friend had had too much to drink and told the other girls in their circle. That led to another request for one of Jill's friends to get "blacked" as she called it. This led to another, and so on. Somewhere along the way, Trent and Jill had started a porn account, similar to what we had done, as well as Dalton. Jill was never in the videos, and the faces of Trent and most of the women were blurred. They began taking in more women, almost always white, and eventually, almost all of them were married. Many of the videos featured the husband there watching. Apparently, our kink wasn't as uncommon as we thought.
Somewhere along the line, a computer was hacked, an unblurred copy of a video hit the internet, and Trent was exposed. Rather than hurting his business and career, it became a bit of a boon. He owned a small bar, and it became a place for white couples to go looking to hook up with a black man.
Trent was more than happy with the idea of hooking up with Violette again. So, it was now a question of when, where, and how. During our second encounter with Dalton, I had found it very exciting to watch it happen right in front of me and join in. But I knew it turned me on far more when I was watching the security cam footage. Even though I could run in the house at any time, there was a kind of helpless feeling while watching, which gave me the submissive thrill I was looking for. For Violette, the thought of being alone with a dominant man gave her a similar excitement. As I said before in previous entries, we were both successful and more than capable of getting most anything we wanted. This whole hotwife thing was an opportunity for us to get off by switching it up.
In several of Trent's online videos, he had hooked up with wives alone, sometimes with a husband flying their wife to him. He had developed a very strong, but reasonable, dominant persona he used with them. The idea of my wife being far away, getting dominated by Trent and his big dick, was a turn on for both of us.
I had a work trip coming up in a few weeks, where I would be gone Thursday and Friday. I arranged to extend my stay through Saturday. The plan was to have Trent travel to our home on Friday evening, where he and Violette would have the run of the place. Trent was particularly intrigued by the potential for my "enhanced" security camera system. He didn't need to set any cameras up or worry about filming, he could focus on dominating my wife, Violette. Plus, I could remotely watch the video feed from my hotel room. Being that far away would enhance the helpless feeling that turned me on.
In the meantime, I worked slowly on putting together the videos from Dalton's bachelor party, and I edited them in the order they happened. Dalton and Cyera were okay with their parts being posted online, largely because they already had so many videos online anyway, and as they saw it, once it's online, it's forever. They weren't going to be able to live down their video past anyway.
I purposely delayed finishing the Trent video and didn't allow Violette to see any footage until it was done. The weekend before their scheduled encounter, it was online, and Violette was out of her mind with arousal the first time she saw it. After watching, she confided in me that she had been sure she took Trent all the way inside of her, because she felt like he had bottomed out inside her.
"It felt so big," she whispered as we fucked while watching the video. "I can't believe the base of his dick is so thick that I couldn't take it. I can't believe he did that to me with just part of his dick."
If you don't remember, Trent had a cock that widened significantly at the base, almost like one of those cartoony stoner mushroom posters. It was almost like a wedge, a veiny and bulbous black fleshy wedge.
"Maybe next time you can try to take more," I said as she rode my dick, a concept that immediately sent her into orgasm.
"Do you really want that black cock stretching out my tight little white pussy?" she asked as she came down from her orgasm.
I think she had more to say, but those words set me off like a rocket, my testicles had completed emptied out before she could get another word in. That's when I knew, and we knew, that this weekend was exactly what we both wanted.
Once we had caught our breath, we laid out the rest of the plan, including our usual pact of no orgasms, for either of us, until the weekend. It may sound strange, but as the week went on, between the stresses of planning for the work trip, including making sure I had enough time to get away to catch the live feed, and dealing with the normal day-to-day stuff, it was a little easier to get through the week. I had promised myself I would focus on work until it was time to focus on play.
My out-of-town meetings flew by, and the next thing I knew it was Friday afternoon. As I finished lunch, my phone beeped with a text from Violette. It was a pic of a box that had arrived via UPS the night before, containing gifts from Trent. I hadn't thought about it, but it was a little different this time, in regard to the man who would be fucking her. While it was definitely about pleasure, these encounters were also a moneymaker for him, so he was willing to invest in the hookup.
Inside the box was an envelope, the most sheer robe I have ever seen, covering no more than a window screen, a simple but lacy black thong and matching bra, a sort of "mask: that was a slightly less sheer band than the robe, one that would cover her eyes (I had seen these before in videos online), and a set of fishnet stockings with a prominent seam up the back. What is it about those seams? I was getting hard sitting at a crowded table full of colleagues. I quickly put the phone away, I needed to stay focused for now.
Somehow, I made it through lunch, and now all I had left was a short cocktail mixer in the conference center bar. As I was chatting with some contacts, my phone beeped again. It was a text.
"Trent told me I have to send him a message," she wrote.
"What kind of message?" I texted back.
"A short video, telling him what I want, asking him to come and fuck me," she sent back.
Shit! I nearly fell over. Just the thought of her doing something that slutty had my head spinning.
Gathering the strength to get it together and type a reply, I sent back, "Well the deal is that he's in charge, so you should do what he says."
My hands were shaking as I pecked out the letters. Her response was almost immediate.
"I know. I already recorded it," she replied as the video message appeared in our chat.
I could feel all the blood rushing to my crotch, and I was worried how I could stay composed to finish the mixer. But I didn't care, I needed to see it now. I politely excused myself and headed for the bathroom.
I knew I wanted some privacy, so I went down to the end of the hall to the other bathroom near the main auditorium, where no one would still be using it this late in the day. Thankfully, I was right, and it was empty. I dashed inside to one of the stalls, pulled my phone out with one hand while I unzipped my pants with the other. I needed some relief. The stress of the day, the anticipation of what was to be, everything was building up.
I clicked play. I was alone in there, so I turned up the volume. Violette was laying in our bed, with her phone on a selfie stick, straight up above her, so you could see her whole body in the sexy little outfit Trent had sent her. She wasted no time getting to the point.
"Trent, my husband is out of town. I want you to come over here and fuck me," she cooed.
I held the phone in my left hand and began furiously jacking off with my right. I wanted to get to it, I had no patience, so I began to move the slider at the bottom of the video to the right. It was crazy, watching my wife in fast forward, sliding her tiny little panties off and beginning to rub her pussy.
I need to stop and take a moment to talk about her sweet little vagina. I can appreciate all kinds of pussies, small lips, big lips, sloppy lips, tight little slits, etc. But Violette has the only pussy that I ever thought was truly beautiful. Her outer lips were just a bit on the fat side, smooth and white, like two halves of a hemisphere, almost perfectly round. And she kept it so tight with her little vaginal exercise routine. Her inner lips just barely protruded, held in there tight, just like a little seam rising out of her outer lips. It was so sweet. So perfect. And here she was, rubbing it with two fingers on a video for someone else, opening up her pussy, alternatively working her clit. I hit play again.
"Oh Trent, I need you in my pussy," she moaned as she played with herself, her fingers glistening with her juices. "I need your big black dick inside my tight little married white pussy."
I started jacking harder. I don't know why this does it for me, I wish I could tell you. I think she and I are both so successful that we get off on the chance to be submissive. She loves to be slutty for me, and I love to watch. And through this process with Dalton and now Trent, I like to be submissive to her, and, to be honest, for her to degrade me with it.
"Trent, I need to feel you inside me, stretching this pussy out, going so deep," she moaned as she brought the phone within inches of her pussy, taking two of her fingers and spreading herself wide open.
She was giving a heck of a show. This video was apparently for Trent to use as a preview on his website, before the main videos were finished. The thought of being exposed like this clearly turned her on, and she was taking it farther and farther. She was holding herself open so that all these strangers could literally see inside her pussy, see where Trent's big dick was going to go. It didn't take long before she was getting close to an orgasm. She held herself open with two fingers on her left hand, while working her clit with two fingers on her right hand.
"My husband can't fuck me like you do, Trent. You're so much bigger, so much better, you're..." she trailed off as her orgasm took over.
The sluttiness of her act, her words, and her own moans were too much for me. Before I could prepare, my dick began to spurt out a much larger than normal load, the buildup from the week. My hips were shaking as I kept jacking, spraying cum all over the toilet, the floor, and unfortunately splattering right on the front of my suit pants. I was almost out of breath when I stopped. Her video had ended, I had my hand on the stall wall, trying to regain my composure. That's when I heard a faucet kick on. What the fuck? Someone must have come into the bathroom when I was out of my mind, focused on the video. I had the volume up way too loud, they must have heard what Violette was saying, and the sounds of my own masturbation. And now here I was in the stall. There were people here that knew her. That knew her voice. What if they recognized her? The fear hit me, and the possibility of public embarrassment began to bring my libido back to life at the same time.
I stayed totally still in my stall until I heard the door open and close again. I was alone. But I was also in here with cum all over the front of my pants. I cleaned up as best I could, but smeared semen was clearly visible on top of the dark blue slacks. I knew I had to go close a couple conversations back in the mixer. I just took off my suit coat, holding it folded over my arm as I walked through, like I was just too hot with it on. I have no idea if the ruse worked, or if I did a good enough job keeping myself covered. And I felt pretty sure that whoever was in the bathroom would know who I was when they saw me with my coat. And they knew what my wife was saying. While this should have been killing me inside, I was only getting more turned on. I did my best to finish up quickly and head back to my hotel room. My focus was not on work, not on my reputation, not on doing anything sane. I wanted one thing, to go watch remote security cam footage of my wife Violette getting fucked by someone else.
I had a decent size hotel room, just one king size bed, but it had a kitchenette with a nearly full-size fridge. The best part, however, was the 85" flat screen tv. I was going to use my laptop to cast the security cam feed to the tv. I'm a bit of a planner, I'm the guy who packs things for contingencies, who hates having to go back out for supplies on a trip. Inside the fridge I had a sandwich and small bag of chips, a couple of bottles of Gatorade, and some good vodka. In the dresser, I had some other supplies. Clorox wipes for whatever mess I would make, Febreze to get rid of the smell of my semen that was sure to be everywhere, and a bottle of plain lube. Without the ability to run into the house and fuck Violette after it was over tonight, it would be, to paraphrase Pink, me and my hand tonight. These trysts get me a little out of control, and I didn't want blisters when I arrived home tomorrow.
It was 5pm, and Trent was due to be by the house at 6, so I quickly ate my supper, went to the bathroom, downed a couple mixed vodka drinks, and stripped down to my boxers. The TV was dead center to the middle of the bed, and the bed was one of those that folds up with a remote, so raised the back up almost like it was a couch and set my laptop to one side of me. I connected it to the feeds and then to the tv, and then began running through the footage from the afternoon, jumping around to see what my sweet wife had been up to. Violette didn't play with herself, but she had been moving around a lot, clearly anxious and excited. When I flipped the feed back to "live," I noticed she was sitting on the couch in the outfit Trent had sent her. The blood started rushing to my dick. We had agreed not to speak toe ach other today, so I sent a quick text letting her know I was in position.
Trent pulled up in front of the house at 5:59pm. He pulled into the driveway instead of parking on the street, making it clear to the neighbors that there was a visitor at our house. He walked up to the door and rang the doorbell. I watched Violette nervously rise up from the couch, and start heading toward the door. I noticed she was walking a little strange, with her thighs tightly rubbing as she moved. This was something she would do sometimes when she was horny, her body trying to get some kind of motion and sensation to her crotch. It was so sexy watching her ass sway through the sheer robe. While it was very transparent, it had a pattern of some kind, like small black dots spaced a few inches apart. I also noticed that it looked like one of the spots didn't move, like it was stuck to her right ass cheek.
Trent was standing about 6 feet back from the door when it opened, and it was clear what he wanted. Violette stepped outside in her little outfit for the neighborhood to see, wrapped her arms around this large black male that clearly wasn't her husband, and gave him a short kiss on the lips. Then they stepped inside without either saying a word.
At this point I realized I already had my dick out of my boxers and was slowly jerking it unconsciously. Shit! I hadn't grabbed the lube or the towels I planned to lay out. I jumped and ran to the bathroom for the towels, then furiously starting digging through the dresser for the lube. By the time I made it back to the bed, they were already starting. Violette had the robe off. Trent was sitting on the couch with Violette on his lap, and he and Violette were passionately making out while she ground her crotch into his him, clearly getting turned on by the feel of his dick against her pussy. I thought for a minute that my microphones weren't working, because I hadn't heard either speak or mumble a single word. I turned up the volume and could now hear muffled rubbing and breathing sounds. I guess they didn't need to talk.
After a couple of minutes, Violette hopped off of Trent and he stood in front of the couch. The two of them began to slowly take off his clothes. Once his boxers began to slide down, revealing his thick, long, but somewhat still soft dick, Violette's eyes locked in on it, completely transfixed. She dropped to her knees and began to service him as best she could. The head of his dick, even slightly flaccid, was too big to fit in her mouth, but she was kissing and licking all over it rubbing and stroking her hands up and down his shaft. The attention was clearly working, as Trent's monster cock began to rise up to life.
Trent grabbed Violette by the hand and led her to the bedroom. Once they were inside, his dominant side kicked in.
"I want you to loose the bra and panties," he barked.
Violette did as she was told. Reaching behind her, unclasping her bra, and letting it fall to the floor. She hooked her thumbs in the sides in the sides of her thong and began to pull it down, with the center clinging to her clearly soaked sex for just a second before letting go.
'Get on the bed, on your back, with her head on the pillows," he commanded.
Violette gave a little shiver and jumped on the bed.
"Spread your legs," he barked, and Violette did as she was told again with no hesitation.
I need to add one detail about the camera system. One of our more recent additions was a small, but crystal clear 4k, wireless camera that could be moved around and used as a handheld. It was networked into the main system. I had told Trent about it, so that he could put it to good use. He grabbed it off of the dresser and clicked it on, then he laid down between her legs, pointing it directly at her crotch. He held it just off to one said as he gently began to lick her slit, then brought his other hand forward and slowly began to rub all over the outside of her vagina.
"That might be the prettiest little white pussy I have ever seen," he said as slowly worked her outer lips, occasionally opening her just slightly. Her tight pussy lips snapping back together every time he pulled back.
"You white wives have the nicest, tightest little pussies, like a fresh piece of fruit," he said. "Why is that?"
Violette had her head up, watching as he was slowly working her over, breathing faster and letting out the occasional moan.
"I said why is that?" Trent asked with authority.
"Because it's just our husbands fucking us with their little white dicks," she cooed back.
My dick was now at full attention. Why? I don't know. I was here in a hotel while my wife was lusting over another man's massive dick, and she was insulting me. And it was so hot.
"That's right," Trent shot back. "It's just so pretty, I just, I almost feel bad. Because if I fuck you, I'm going to tear this little thing up."
Violette's eyes closed and she began moaning, an orgasm building.
He began to slide one finger inside of her, just slowly working it in and out. Her smooth white outer lips becoming more flush as his dark black finger pushed beyond their folds.
"This pussy is tight even on my finger," he said. "Are you sure this is what you went, for me to wreck that tight little white pussy?"
"Oh yes!" she answered. "I want you to fuck me so bad, so hard, so deep. Fill me up, stretch my little pussy out!"
As soon as the words left her mouth she arched her back in a shuddering orgasm on his finger.
"Good," because that's what I'm going to do," he said as he began to move over top of her.
Trent grabbed her smooth, pale ankles, and lifted them over his shoulders. He was up on his knees, holding his dick at the entrance to her pussy, slowly rubbing the head up and down between her outer lips, smearing her juices all over her and all over his dick. Because of the positions they were in, one of the cameras, right over the dresser across from the foot of the bed, had a perfect angle. I clicked my laptop to zoom. The beauty of the 4k cameras is that you can zoom in a good bit without losing much resolution. I had a clear view as he began to press the head against her opening.
"You ready?" he asked, with a little less authority in his voice.
"Oh yes," Violette moaned back at him. "Just please go slow, you're so big."
He was slowly working just the bulbous head of his massive dick inside, stretching the entrance to her pussy, the lips wrapped tightly around the head as he gently worked the head in and out, just moving a couple inches back and forth. He carried on this way for a couple minutes in silence. Violette's hips began involuntarily rocking, trying to pull him in farther.
"Oh yes," she moaned, "please fuck me."
"Are you sure?" he asked. "You've only had this once for a little bit. But tonight I want to work that pussy like it's never been before. I'm going to take you like a virgin all over again. I want to make this pussy mine. You may never want that white dick again."
"Yes, please," she moaned back. "Fuck me, take this pussy, all of it!"
Somehow there was even more blood flowing to my dick. It felt like it might explode. I ripped my boxers off and threw them on the floor. I smeared lube all over it and began furiously jacking as Trent's massive, veiny, black dick began to slowly enter my wife's tight, white, married pussy. He was slowly pushing in and out going a little deeper each time.
He made it halfway in and another orgasm overtook Violette. Hearing her was all I could take and I exploded, shooting semen all over my legs, the bed, and the towels I had laid out. It was one of the hardest orgasms I have ever experienced. I think it was the sensuality of it all, the need for release, and the feeling of not only being humiliated by my wife cumming on a much bigger dick, but the fact that I was two states away, watching it in a completely passive, submissive way. This large, well endowed black man had my wife Violette all to himself in our bed, to fuck as he pleased.
My orgasm almost made me a little woozy, and when I got my head clear again, they were still in the same position, Violette on her back, her legs on his shoulders, with Trent slowly pumping his long, bare, black dick in and out of her pussy. I could clearly see how much he was stretching her. Her inner and outer lips were clinging to his dick, almost looking like rubber, stretching back in and out with every thrust. He was still only giving her part of it, he hadn't gone all the way in. The base of his dick flared out like a wedge, even more so now as he was fully erect, fucking my wife. Every time the start of the wedge hit her pussy, it literally pushed her up the bed, like it just didn't fit. I started to wonder if it would.
"Look down," he commanded her. "Watch that black dick sliding in and out of your pussy."
"You're fucking me so deep," she cooed. "I feel so full, I can't believe it's not all in me yet."
"You're not ready," he responded. "We're just warming up. It's gonna take some time to get your pussy stretched out enough to take it all."
I had to take a leak. If this was just the warm-up, I was going to go now so I'd be ready for the main event. I headed to the bathroom, did my best to keep my stream aimed at the toilet, and headed back to the bed. The scene on the screen was the same, Trent pumping my wife's tight pussy, Violette moaning and gasping with every stroke. That's when I noticed something that shocked me, I could hear Trent breathing rather quickly. While his humping pace was the same, he was clearly close to orgasm. Sure enough, a couple more pumps and he let out a moan and began to shake as he came inside my Violette, filling her with cum. Violette launched into another orgasm when she felt Trent's semen splattering inside of her.
When Trent finally pulled his dick out of her, Violette's pussy indeed looked different. Her outer lips were red and swollen, her inner lips open, Trent's cum slowly leaking out of her and running down around her ass.
It all seemed so fast. I guess Violette's exercises worked, her pussy was too tight and Trent couldn't hold out. It was hot, I clearly enjoyed it, as evidence by the mess in my hotel room. But I wanted more, my dick was fully erect again, and I was sure Violette was ready for more. I wanted to watch her fucked silly by the big black dick, taking all of it, and getting stretched out.
My questions were soon answered however, when he spoke.
"Don't worry," he said. "That was just the warmup. Your husband's not coming back tonight. I'm going to make that pussy mine, I'm going to fuck you over and over till you can barely walk."
"Violette shivered at those words and couldn't muster any more of a response than, "yes."
I watched as Trent hopped out of the bed and put his clothes back on. He had Violette put her outfit back on and follow him to the living room. They were giggling and laughing about something as they walked, but I couldn't quite hear it. Violette had her phone now, tapping away on the screen.
I zoomed in to watch her ass sway, and that's when I saw it. The black dot from before. It was more than a dot, it was a dark black spade symbol with a "Q" in the middle, short for "Queen of Spades." I'd seen them before in some of Trent's videos that we watched. Violette would get a little extra aroused when I talked about them being marked as sluts for black dick. She would tell me that's what she was going to become. And I guess maybe here she was. I was sure it was a temporary tattoo, because it looked so perfect, and there were no marks like a recent real tattoo would have. It was still a lot to take in. It was on her right cheek, just far enough to the outside to be past the edge of her panties, or oh shit - a swimsuit. My mind was now spinning with the thought of her on a beach, walking with her white husband, her ass marked as a woman who fucks black men. I started to rub my dick again thinking about it. The embarrassment of how it would reflect on me, how slutty it would make her seem.
I didn't have much time to think though, as my phone beeped with a text message from Violette.
"We have a present for you," she wrote. "It should be there any second."
How could a present be coming here for me? Surely that's not what she meant. But what could it be?
That's when I heard a knock at the door. I looked through the peephole and saw a blonde woman in a long coat standing in the hallway. My first thought was Cyera, but I could tell it wasn't her.
I opened the door and there stood a very attractive blond woman with a long raincoat wrapped tightly around her. Despite the coat's size, I could see this woman had a very demure figure.
"I'm your gift from Violette and Trent," she said.
I was stunned, I had no idea what to say. It was at this point I realized I wasn't wearing anything. And my dick was rock-hard, pointed at her like a rocket. And I was covered in my own cum.
She looked down, smiled, and said, "Get on the bed loverboy."
I didn't really know what to think, but if this was Violette's plan, I was in. I jumped back on the bed in my prior position as the blonde woman closed the door and made her way inside.
When she reached the foot of the bed, she opened her coat, revealing that she wasn't wearing anything underneath. Nothing. Not even stockings or jewelry. She had a very sex body. Wider hips and larger breasts than Violette. Like Jessica Rabbit. I preferred Violette's build, but I could appreciate any body this good. She folded the coat, turned around and began to set in on the back of a chair. That's when I saw it, an identical tattoo to the one on my wife's ass. Except this blonde's tattoo looked real.
"I know what you're wondering," she said. "It's real, just like all of me. I tried the temporary one like your little wife has, but I knew from the beginning that it would eventually be permanent. There's no going back."
Her words were like physical stimulation, my dick was sticking straight up, begging for attention.
"By the way," she said as she climbed onto the bed next to me. "My name is Lyla."
It's not easy to start a conversation with a stranger you've just met, while you're naked, side-by-side on a bed, while your wife in on tv getting ready to fuck someone else, but Lyla did her best. She was very open, and good with conversation. Soon she was up getting us drinks, and then more drinks, until we were both feeling pretty good. Meanwhile, Violette and Trent seemed to be doing the same on the live feed, just sitting on the couch talking.
Lyla told me her story, or more specifically her hotwife story. It was a fantasy of her husband's as well, and the more she told, the more similar he sounded to me. Successful, white collar professionals, with a strange and inexplicable desire to see their wives fucked by bigger dicks. It started with an old college friend of her husband visiting them for the weekend, and the next thing she knew, they were finding other "bulls," as she called them, online. Eventually they found Trent, he was her first "BBC" or "big black dick," and then she soon found she was only playing with black men. Trent was one of two or three other regulars.
As she was telling me more, her phone beeped, she read a text message and then said, "showtime."
She got up and grabbed her coat, reaching in the pocket and pulling out two sets of handcuffs. She climbed over top of me and pushed my arms out to the side. She said it was part of the game, and began cuffing my arms to the posts of the headboard. The cuffs were the kind made for the bedroom, with a little bit longer chains. I had just enough room to not cramp up, but not enough to actually do anything.
As she clicked the second one, she whispered, "We don't have a safe word, we have a safe phrase. 'I'm a bitch.' Got it? Don't forget it because you might need it."
Her choice of words was clearly meant to discourage using the phrase, but short of pain, I had no plans to use it, even though I had no idea what was coming. I told myself I was going to go along with it. Violette knew me and my kinks, and while I might get out of my comfort zone, that was the point.
At that moment she turned her head to the tv, and I realized I hadn't even been watching. I was too enthralled with Lyla.
Violette was walking to the door and opening it, in her skimpy little outfit. What the fuck, or who the fuck could be at the door? There were clearly ground rules established for the night, and a big part was just one guy. I was starting to think I might need the safe phrase.
When the door opened, it was a young man delivering a pizza. I guess they'd worked up an appetite. The cherry on top was Violette exposing herself to this stranger in her lingerie. I felt the blood rushing to my dick at the thought. This guy was going to see her, and see her there with Trent.
"This is why you're cuffed," Lyla said seductively. "We wouldn't want you stopping this."
Even though I knew there was a safe phrase, and hopefully, it would be honored, the effect was the same. I was cuffed while who knows what happened to my wife.
Lyla grabbed the remote and turned up the volume so we could hear the conversation. Violette said nothing, but Trent told the guy to come in while he counted change. Then he told Violette that she knew what to do.
As Trent pulled out a stack of bills and started thumbing through them, Violette dropped to her knees in front of him, unzipped his pants, pulled out his massive dick, and began to work it over with her hands and mouth.
"See this little slut?" Trent asked.
The pizza guy was nodding, clearly nervous and not sure what to do, but also clearly enjoying the show from the bulge forming in his pants.
"Her husband's out of town for the night," he said. "So, I'm here to fuck her tight little married white pussy better than her husband ever has."
The pizza guy nodded, the tent in his pants becoming ever more visible.
He motioned for the guy to come closer, and he hesitantly walked forward. Trent handed him some cash, and motioned for him to leave. The pizza guy took his time, walking slowly, occasionally looking over his shoulder to see the incredibly erotic sight of my tiny white wife trying to suck this massive black dick. When the pizza guy finally stepped outside and closed the door, Trent ordered Violette to lock the door.
My dick was ready to explode, but I couldn't touch it.
"Oh honey," Lyla said. "You need some action, huh?"
I nodded.
She grabbed the bottle of lube, coated her right hand (she was on my left), and then began to slowly work my dick. I looked over at her and was mesmerized by her tits. They were larger than Violette's, but not huge. For their size, they didn't stick out that much, they laid flat, but perky for her age (she was 1 year older than me), like their size was in their roundness. They were clearly real. As her arm moved slowly up and down my shaft, I could see her gorgeous tits shake. It was hypnotic.
"I know what you're wanting," she said. "But no, you don't get to fuck me. My pussy is now only for BBC."
Honestly, it was fine. Lyla was clearly skilled with this. She was doing amazing things to my dick, but slowly, and she wouldn't let me get close to an orgasm. I was being edged, and I was loving every second of it.
"It's about time for the show to start again," she said after several minutes of working my dick. "You won't want to miss this."
Violette and Trent had apparently had enough after 1 slice of pizza and were now hungry for something else as they were headed back toward the bedroom.
"I almost forgot," Lyla said as she climbed off the bed. Your little wife wants to know you're ready.
Before I knew it, Lyla had grabbed her phone and jumped off the bed. She walked around to the front and told me to smile. Then she snapped a pic of me cuffed to the bed, my dick standing up erect, gleaming with lube and my cum from earlier. I can't tell you how embarrassing this felt, but it only made me hotter. Lyla texted the pic to Violette and hopped off the bed.
I heard Violette's phone beep over the tv speakers and saw her look at the pic. She showed Trent and he shook his head.
"That little thing won't ever be enough after tonight," he said mockingly.
Lyla started stroking my dick again, which felt like it was somehow getting even harder from the talk on screen.
When they got to the room, they slowly began to undress each other until they were both naked again. Trent's dick was rock hard, and Violette's pussy was glistening with juices, so they didn't waste any time with foreplay.
Trent laid on his back and directed Violette to climb on top. She positioned herself over him, grabbed his dick and put it at the entrance to her pussy.
"You ready for more?" Trent asked.
"Oh yes," Violette whispered.
"No," Trent scolded. "I mean more of my dick, the whole thing."
"I think so," Violette responded sheepishly, then began to slowly lower herself down.
When she reached the base, she stopped, like there just wasn't any more room, and slowly began to work back up his dick. She was lifting her whole body up, and then sliding back down his dick. His dick was so large compared to her it almost looked comical. But it wasn't funny, because this was my sweet little wife, Violette. It was almost like his dick was a rail and she was mounted to it, like the scabbard sliding up the blade of a sword. After a few pumps up and down, she was breathing heaving and moaning, beginning another orgasm.
"Take it," Trent ordered.
Violette kept working herself up and down, her pussy overloaded with the size, her lips pushing in and out on every stroke. But she couldn't take it all. Every time she reached the beginning of the base, she almost bounced back off. She looked down, watching it saw in and out of her.
To me, it was becoming clear that she wasn't going to be taking it all. It just wouldn't go. I knew he wasn't hitting her cervix, because she had taken a long dildo farther than that, but it wasn't nearly as big around. I think they were just running into what the limits of her pussy were.
When she realized she didn't have it all, she slammed down, still stopping at the base, and launched into a shaking, screaming orgasm.
She was moaning and jerking violently for what seemed like minutes. When she finally got a hold of herself, Trent told her to get on her back. Violette raised up, her pussy making an almost-popping sound as his dick slid out.
Trent moved between her legs, giving the camera a clear view of his dick entering her slowly.
I turned to Lyla and said, "I don't think she can take it all. It just won't go."
"You know you want to see here pussy take all of that massive black dick," she answered.
"I don't know," I said, starting to wonder if it was a good idea to try.
"I didn't think I could either," Lyla responded wistfully.
"Did you?" I asked.
"Sugar," she said almost mockingly. "That's why I only fuck black dicks now."
I turned back to the screen as Trent was pushing his dick back inside Violette, running into some kind of invisible wall at his base, his dark sack slinging forward every time he stopped, just grazing Violette's ass.
"You want it all?" Trent asked.
"I want to try," Violette whispered back.
Trent pushed himself as far as he could again, then lowered his back a bit more and began to push slowly. Violette instinctively put a hand on his stomach, not trying to stop him, but just feeling the need to put a little control to what was happening.
"We got this," Trent said, and then worked his dick back out of her pussy.
Violette looked like someone had taken her candy as Trent walked away from the bed. He reached into the pocket of his pants and pulled out a small bottle of lube and began to smear it all over his dick. I don't know what caused it, but it made it look like a greased up piston, like you could somehow tell it was so slick, like nothing could grip it and stop it, even if something needed to.
Then he headed over to the window and opened it wide. It was a cool night, with temperatures in the lower 60's. But from our experience with Dalton, I knew it wasn't about the fresh air.
I was getting nervous as Trent moved back between Violette's legs, lining his oiled-up dick at the entrance to her little white pussy.
"Do you want it all?" he asked, much louder than before.
"Yes," Violette whispered back.
"I can't hear you," he barked back, like some kind of drill instructor.
"Yes," she yelled back. "I want all your black dick inside me!"
"Are you going to give me all of this pussy?" he said loudly.
"Yes!" she yelled back. "This is your pussy Trent, you can do whatever you want to it! I want you to fuck me with all your dick."
I looked over at Lyla with worry on my face.
"You are a little pervert," she said as she slowly stroked my dick. "I can feel you getting harder as your neighbors hear your wife begging for black dick."
I couldn't respond, I just turned back to the tv.
"How do I know you're really giving yourself to me, to do whatever I want?" Trent asked, not quite as loudly as he was before.
Violette's eyes got big and a smile hit her face as she squealed back, "Tie me up so I can't stop you!"
Trent climbed off of her and reached for the handcuffs that were once again on the bedside table. Oh shit, this was, as they say, about to get real. I didn't even know if her pussy could take all of his massive dick, but there was no stopping it. She was going to be cuffed, I was here cuffed, even if I gave in and used the safe phrase, there wouldn't be time. Something inside me was telling me to stop it, but something else was turning all the fear into blood and sending it to my dick. At this, point, I might have been the most aroused I've ever been. Lyla sensed it and took her hand off of my dick. The slightest touch would've caused me to explode.
After he cuffed my sweet little Violette to the headboard on our bed, Trent climbed back between her legs and lined his slicked up dick back at the entrance to her tight little box. He slowly pushed himself in until he once again stopped at the base. He didn't try to push further, instead, he moved himself higher over her, folding her knees back into the bed at the same time, with her pelvis rotated up, so that he was almost driving straight down into her. He had his weight on his feet at the end of the bed, his knees slightly bent, a hand down on either side of Violette.
Before pushing any further, he looked down and asked one more time, "Do you want it all?"
"Yes," Violette screamed. "Give me all of that big black dick!"
And then he began to push himself down, Lyla and I watched entranced as the steeply widening base of his dick began to pry itself in, the lube letting it slip inside. Violette gasped, not in pain, but clearly in pleasure. Trent pushed down slowly like a turtle. Violette's pussy began to give, to stretch, to accommodate this massive black missile that was pushing inside. Her lips were bright red, stretching wider than they ever had. When he eventually bottomed out inside her, Violette let out an inaudible shriek and began convulsing in the most violent orgasm I've ever seen. Her hips were rocking back and forth, her legs were shaking, and she was screaming so loud that that even the neighbors with closed windows must've heard. It was, without a doubt, the most erotic thing I have ever witnessed.
My dick exploded, without anything touching it, cum shooting straight up and then splattering down all over me. I was shaking, not as violently as my wife, but more than I ever had while cumming before.
Lyla hopped up and snapped another pic of me, chained to a bed, covered in my own cum from watching my wife get fucked by someone else. By the time I got my head back together, a couple minutes must have passed, and Violette's spasms were becoming softer until she just laid there.
"Oh, uh, ah," she moaned. "I have never felt anything like this before."
Trent laid his chest down on top of Violette, his pelvis still supported by his legs. He reached his hands underneath her from the back, grabbed her ass and pulled her ass cheeks apart, giving the camera an even closer look at her impossible stretched pussy wrapped around his huge dick. Then he began to ever so slowly rock his hips up and down, not moving very far, keeping most of the wide base of his dick staying inside her.
"That's the trick," Lyla said to me. "Right there."
I was confused until it hit me. He was basically just pumping the widest part of his dick in and out of her pussy, keeping it stretched, working it over and over, making it yield to him, making it fit his dick. Stretch, stretch, stretch. He went on for a few minutes and Violette began moaning again.
"I'm not just fucking you," he said to my out-of-her-mind-with-pleasure wife. "I'm breaking you in."
"Oh, uhm, yes!" was all she could muster.
"This my pussy now," Trent commanded. "It will never be the same. When I'm done with you, you won't want that little white dick of your husband's anymore."
My cock was rising again. Lyla noticed and put one hand on my sack, but not my shaft, slowly massaging. With her other hand she poured more lube on, so much that I could feel it running down my ass.
On the screen, Trent was still working away with his stretching routine.
"You're going to want this dick all the time," he said loudly. "You're going to beg me to come over and fuck you on a regular basis."
"Uhm, oh, I already do," Violette moaned back meekly.
"I can't hear you!" he barked.
Violette turned her head and yelled out, "I want you to fuck me all the time Trent. I want you to keep coming over and stretching my pussy out with that big black dick!"
"That's right," Trent said, as he began to rock his hips harder.
Violette reared her head back and screamed in another shaking orgasm.
As Lyla continued to work my balls, I felt her begin to use her other hand, moving lower until her finger was on my asshole.
"I heard sometimes you like this," she whispered.
All I could do was nod. I knew where it was going. Sometimes when I fucked Violette missionary, she would reach one had around behind my ass and slide a finger inside. She had some kind of trick where she could really work the prostate. However it worked, it would make me cum harder, and with what seemed like higher volume. Eventually, she bought the tiniest little vibrating plug she could find and would sometimes insert it. The plug wasn't as direct of prostate stimulation, but I could last longer with it, while still having the same eventual effect.
As Lyla slipped her finger inside, I spread my legs for her. She was slow and gentle. And then I felt something else. Apparently, she had brought along a similar plug. She pushed it inside and flicked it on. This one had a little stronger vibrations than the one at home, but not too much.
I looked back up at the screen to see that Violette was no longer handcuffed. Trent was on his back and Violette was riding him as fast and hard as she could. She was stopping at the start of base and bouncing up and down. Trent grabbed her ass with his hands, rolling her pelvis backward and sliding her back down over the base. When Violette hit bottom, she began to cum again.
Wy wife's beautiful, tight little pussy was taking all Trent's dick. I could tell it was easier now. Her vaginal walls had given in to him, and were no accommodating all of his dick. He was fucking her deeper than I could ever hope to, and filling her beyond her wildest dreams. It was humiliating, and it was hot. I just wanted to keep watching it happen. To watch her be a slut for him, to give this man all of her pussy, to let him take her as he saw fit.
Lyla was back to working my sack but not touching my cock, she clearly didn't want me to cum yet. But I didn't know how much longer I could last.
"Well, it's about time for me to leave," Lyla said breaking the silence in our room.
She took her hands off my dick and began to uncuff me.
"But I need something from you," she said with a sly smile.
I looked back confused, not knowing what was happening, other than I wanted something on my dick, whether it was my hand or hers.
She climber over top of me, her beautiful tits swaying, and grabbed my dick, lining it up with the entrance to her pussy.
"I lied to you earlier," she said as she slid her soaking wet pussy down onto my dick, quickly and easily taking all of my girth.
She started slowly riding me, grinding her pussy down into me, taking all I had and trying to get more. I wouldn't have thought I would have lasted long, but she was much more loose than I was used to.
"Not so tight anymore," she said in a condescending tone. "I've been fucking guys like Trent. These little white dicks like yours can't fill me anymore."
I hadn't nothing to respond with.
"You like the feel of a loose pussy on your tiny little white dick?" she asked.
I didn't answer. I didn't need to. The truth was that I did.
"This is what your wife's pussy will feel like when you get home," she added. "Her pussy is getting stretched out by that big black cock right now. She's going to be so loose on your little dick."
I don't think I've ever been quite as insulted like that during sex. It was like a dagger to my heart, but again, somehow my dick got even harder. Lyla could feel it, she started riding me harder.
"You like watching your wife fuck other guys don't you?" She asked
"Yes," I whispered, conscious of the fact that I was in a hotel full of people, some of whom know my voice because they were here for the convention.
"Louder!" she commanded me.
"Yes," I responded loudly. "I like watching my wife fuck other men."
"What kind of men?" she asked.
"Men with bigger dicks!" I shot back, trying to keep from cumming.
"More specifically?" she asked.
"I like to watch her get pounded by digger dicks than mine, to get fucked better than I ever could!" I yelled back. "I like to see her fuck guys with big black dicks and get stretched out!"
This time, it was my own words that took me too far, I grabbed her hips with both hands, thrusting up into her and giving her all I had, pumping my semen inside this stranger's vagina.
Lyla didn't stop grinding on me until I began to wince with that post-nut sensitivity. She climbed off, grabbed her coat, and pulled a pair of panties out of one of the pockets. She slid them on and smiled.
"I've got to wrap my present up, keep it fresh for my husband," she said.
I figured I knew what she meant but she made it clear.
"He's a little cuck like you," she said. "He likes to lick my pussy clean after I've been fucked by other men."
Her words made me turn toward the screen just in time to see Violette riding the cum out of Trent. As she lifted her pussy up off of him, I could see exactly what had happened. Her tight, smooth round outer lips were gaping wide open. Her formerly-elegant little inner seam still wide open as well, giving us a view inside where Trent's cum was once again starting to leak out. It didn't even look like the pussy I knew anymore.
I felt a finger brush my lips and I instinctively opened my mouth. Lyla had managed to get some of my cum from earlier on her finger and was giving me a taste, to let me know what I was missing.
You she slid her finger back out, smiled, and headed for the door. I laid my head back on the pillows and fell asleep, completely exhausted.
A few hours later I awoke to the sound of my wife. Whoops! The tv was still on and volume was still cranked up. The rooms around me could surely hear everything. Did anyone I knew from the convention have a room near me? I would never know. Did they hear my wife on the tv getting her brains fucked out by someone other than her husband, begging for his black dick? And more importantly, did they hear me yelling about that happening? Who knows.
I grabbed the remote, turned the volume down just a little, hopefully enough to keep from having security called on me, and began to masturbate the show that was taking place in my house. They were now in the living room, al the lights on, the windows clearly open, with Violette bent over the coffee table as Trent hammered away at her pussy. He was giving her full strokes, his long, thick, black cock pistoning in and out of her, shoving her pussy lips in and then pulling them back out as he went. She was still clearly a tight fit for him, but not like before. He was giving her the full length on every stroke.
"Has anyone ever you fucked this good," he asked.
"You fuck me better than anyone else ever could!" Violette yelled back. "My husband could never fuck me like this."
"You gonna let me come fuck you again?" he barked back.
"You can fuck me anytime you want with that big black dick!" my formerly reserved wife yelled back. "This pussy belongs to you!"
As I began to stroke my dick as fast I could, I started to remember that this was all on video, and was going to be online soon. People all over the world were going to see my Violette getting fucked by this massive black dick, begging for more.
They fucked several more times as the night wore on. I passed out several times, only to awake again to the sounds of sex.
By the time my alarm went off in the morning, I was spent. I was still exhausted when I headed out to the airport, my balls were drained, and I dragging. The thing that kept me going was thought of getting home to Violette, to see her pussy, to see what he had done to it, to touch it, to taste it...