Being a typical man, I'm horny all the time. I cant count the number of times that I've come up to my wife and started kissing on her, only to have my advances refused. Or worse, we will be out somewhere and she will be flirty with me, promising a good time when we get home, and then nothing ever happens. If I had a dollar for every time that happened, I would be rich.
I usually want sex but my wife rarely does, so sometimes I have to take things in hand, if you catch my drift. At work, being a mid-level manager, I had the luxury of my own office - one with no windows.
My coworkers were mostly women, and more than half of them were quite attractive. Several of them were definitely hot. Lindsey, the hot blonde around the corner from me was a looker. Megan was a smoking red head from accounting. Dominque was a total babe, blonde, great body, and a flirty personality. Nicole was also very fuckable with legs for days, but she was higher up the company ladder so I didn't dare make a move on her. Even the HR Director, Alex, was hot in her own way, I wouldn't mind bending her over her desk, but that would be a one way trip to the unemployment line. My subordinate, Caitlyn, was also sexy, but I didnt dare do anything in that direction. There were several other hot women, and some that were definitely cute, but I'm not going to list them all.
Being horny and surrounded by attractive women all day, I got into the habit of closing my door at lunch and relieving some stress knowing that I had privacy. Usually I would randomly picture one of the office hotties as I relieved my stress.
One day I forgot to lock the door and I was furiously stroking away. Before I could react the door opened and one of the women in the office opened it and said "Hey, John did you...", but then saw what I was doing and stood there, dumbstruck.
It was Stephanie, a cute brunette from the cubicle farm near my office. We flirted a lot. She always had some kind of computer question.
A million thoughts raced through my head. She was going to report me to HR. I would be fired. They would probably call the police. I'd be arrested for indecent exposure. Maybe a laywer could get me off - the charges - unless she was hot, then maybe she could get me off, too. But I couldnt afford a lawyer with no job. I'd probably end up divorced once my wife found out.
I never stopped stroking myself, I just slowed down. I looked up and saw that Stephanie was still standing there, door ajar, mouth agape, just staring at me, watching intently. I noticed her face was flush. Her breathing had deepened. I began to wonder if those many computer questions weren't just excuses. "In or out," I commanded.
She blinked, looked at me and blushed, but said nothing.
"Steph, either come in and close the door and enjoy the show, or get out and let me finish and come back later," I repeated.
She looked at me with raised eyebrows, then back down at my hand gliding over my cock. Her lips curled into a smile and she stepped inside the office, closing the door behind her.
"Lock it."
She leaned against the door and reached down and turned the lock, her eyes never leaving my cock.
We didnt say anything for what felt like an hour. I stroked my cock looking at her heaving bossom, she leaned heavily against the door, breathing hard, subconsciously running her hands over her thighs and stomach and she stared at me.
I swiveled my chair to face her and give her a better view. I started to make bigger strokes, all the way down, all the way up.
She stood up from the door and took two steps and sank to her knees less than a foot from my cock. She watched intently. I swear I saw her hand go down to her pussy. She looked up into my eyes. "I haven't seen any cock but my boyfriend's in years. Yours is beautiful."
I stroked myself a little faster, watching her as she slowly leaned every closer, watching me. There was no doubt she was rubbing her pussy, her arm moving faster, in time with mine.
I picked up the pace again and moaned.
"Yes, that's it." She looked back into my eyes again. "Cum for me."
"Oh fuck." I stroked for all I was worth. I could feel the pressure building in my balls. "Im going to cum," I breathed.
She leaned forward. "Give it to me," she opened her mouth.
I stroked faster and pointed my cock at her mouth. Then I came, spurt after spurt of my twitching cock sent ropes of cum flying, mostly into her mouth. One hit her in the chin. She swallowed hard, leaned forward and kissed the tip of my cock. Then she rocked back and wiped the cum from her chin with her fingers, pushing them into her mouth. "Yum." She stood up and walked to the door, unlocking it. She half turned to face me and smiled. "See you tomorrow," then blew me a kiss and left.
I sat in the chair dumbfounded at my luck for who knows how long. The breeze on my balls reminded me I was still sitting there with my cock out. The heels clicking down the hallway reminded me that she left the door open. I quickly stuffed my cock away and rolled back to my desk just as the HR Director walked past my office.