There was something different going on here. I didn’t know what, but there was something about the look in Renee’s eyes. It’s like she was smiling deep down and trying to hide it.
And okay, I get it, I’m a bit of a fucking loser. I think the fact I had everything handed to me growing up didn’t help. My parents are winners, no doubt about that. They each own their businesses and have always been successful. I grew up an only child on an allowance and didn’t fucking bother much. I guess I got used to being looked after, got used to a big gold-lined safety net.
I’d been doing it tough lately, adding one night shift a week and picking up Saturdays as well. I was going to try changing it up with my music and hopefully get a few gigs around town. There’s a good range of covers I can do, and maybe slip in a bit of my own work. Better than sweating it out on a fucking production line.
“What are you thinking about?” Renee asked.
I had taken over driving, just mulling shit over.
“Nothing much. Do you wanna see where that goes?” There was a sign: Naturist Beach. Clothing Optional.
I pulled up just past the turn off. Renee was looking back at it. She turned to me blushing and bit down on her grin.
“Well?” I challenged her. After the shit she pulled with Keith the other night, I was fucking game if she was.
“Hmm, that’d be interesting,” she said.
I shrugged. “We’ve got plenty of time. It isn’t much further to the lake house. We can check in a bit later.”
“I guess we could have a quick look for now. Maybe come back another day to try it out?”
My cock flexed at the thought of Renee stripping off at a beach. I’d been checking out her legs all trip in her little floral skirt. It was tight across her thighs and damn short, almost flashing her panties. She’s got fucking amazing legs.
I swung the SUV around and headed down the sandy track. I reached over and squeezed Renee’s thigh. Her hands closed over mine, holding me there. I was sure I felt her roll her pelvis a little, like she wanted to dry hump but subdued it—just like that fucking smile she’d definitely had in her belly all day.
Yeah, Renee had my fucking measure alright. She had everything under control and the way she wanted it. I was all too aware that she was my meal ticket these days, but I was still the fucking man, right! Fuck she was gonna get it when I got her into bed that night. I hadn’t screwed her in ages. I had to stop jacking off over internet porn and fucking man up with her.
I squeezed into her, feeling back further and touching the hot dampness of her inner thigh. She definitely humped my hand a bit. She was looking straight ahead but that smile was right there in her eyes. I glanced down her beautiful body and remembered one night only a couple of months ago, my mate Jordan had dropped by and Renee had walked out of the bedroom topless and just with her arm across her tits. Jordan was sitting on a lounge chair with his mouth open and his eyes bulging out of his head. Renee walked right past without seeing him there, too busy yabbering on at me. She went into the laundry and rummaged through the wash basket. Then she turned in the doorway with a bra in her hand and stood facing me and Jordan with her tits bare while she was still going on about me not having put away the washing or some shit. Then she looked up and her eyes popped open. She had her hands behind her back, doing up her bra clasp. The little lacy trim thing was hanging down and her tits were full on bare!
Jordan was staring at them. Renee seemed to freeze. The bra slipped from her grasp and one side of it flung around, and she dropped it and put her hands over her tits. Her face went bright red and she just stood there gawking back at Jordan. Then she kind of grimaced and half grinned, and she lowered to pick up the bra, flashing her tits again when she adjusted one arm to cover both.
The thing about it though—like, the thing I remember most—she stayed facing us the whole time. She could have backed into the laundry and that, but she didn’t, she walked towards us and was all fucking giggly and saying hi to Jordan. And he was getting a fucking eyeful, with her just holding that one arm over her tits for a good couple of minutes while we all chatted and laughed.
“So, you know that time when you came out topless and Jordan was there?” I reminded my wife and met her immediate little blush in response. “I actually don’t mind that that happened so much now. It was pretty fucking hot when I think about it.”
“Oh yeah?”
I shrugged. “It would be hot if you went topless while we’re here at all. I wouldn’t mind you getting checked out a bit.”
“Hmm, I’ve been wondering how you felt about that kind of thing nowadays. It was a complete accident that time with Jordan.”
I felt my face flush a little. “Complete accident, huh?”
“Yes, it was an accident!” Renee defended, glaring through her smile and blush.
I glanced from the little track I was negotiating. “I think it was an accident at first, up until you dropped your bra.” I glanced again. “Then you came over with just your arm across your tits!” I looked at my wife’s chest then back at her face. “I think we just laughed it off, didn’t we? So did Jordan.”
“Hmm, I guess,” Renee said softly. “And has Jordan ever mentioned another time he caught me less than fully dressed?”
“What?” My entire body flushed. “When?”
“About a month later, one Saturday night you guys came home really drunk and stoned, and I only half woke up at the noise you were making. Then I was just lying there on our bed but with the covers kicked off because it was so hot. I was completely naked and lying on my back. I was barely even awake but kind of registered that you guys were back. Then I saw the door move a little and I woke up a bit more, enough to make out Jordan’s face in the light coming from the living room.”
“Aw fuck, seriously! He was fucking perving on you?!”
“Yes, but he was swaying drunkenly there in the doorway, holding the door handle with one hand and feeling his package with the other. And I didn’t quite know what to do because it was turning me on, Martin. I had my legs open and the light from the living room was across my whole body.”
“Oh fuck me!” I cried, shocked. I don’t know what else I was feeling. My cock was firming though. “So, what happened then, baby? Did you say anything to him?”
Renee grimaced. “I was just watching him look at me. He was swaying so badly and was staring between my legs mostly but he looked at my face and saw me watching him.”
“Aw fuck!”
“I know, Martin, but he was so drunk and out of it. He just stood there holding his crotch and rubbing his mouth.”
“Yeah, but what did you do, baby? I never knew anything about this.”
“I know. You were crashed out on the lounge, so I realized later.” Renee squeezed my hand, pulling it across and over her thigh again. “I didn’t do anything, Martin. I just laid there and let him look at me for another minute before he turned and walked away.”
“Oh shit. Holy fuckin’ shit, baby. That’s fucked up, isn’t it? Why haven’t you said anything?”
Renee grimaced guiltily again. “Because I liked it.” She held my gaze as I glanced from the track again. “Because things have been so unexciting between us, and I loved the attention, I suppose.”
That struck a chord. That was fair enough, I had to admit to myself. I just swallowed hard and intertwined fingers with Renee as she squeezed mine.
She took a big breath and grimaced. “I often let you guys look up my skirt or dress... All your friends try to sneak a peep when they come over, don’t they?”
I swallowed hard and looked to my wife again. I looked at her legs, where she had bunched the hem of her dress up a bit and had the crotch of her panties exposed. She was right about the guys always trying to check her out.
“Have you ever noticed how I always go and get changed when I come home and any of your friends are there, Martin?”
I took a breath. “Yeah, I’ve noticed.”
“And always into something short or revealing up top.”
“You always look sexy, baby.” I swallowed hard again.
“Hmm, I try.”
Renee’s panties were chequered blue and white. I’d seen them around home plenty of times. I’d seen my buddies checking those particular ones out a few times too. I knew they always tried to get a look up her skirts. I wasn’t aware she had been dressing to deliberately flash for them.
“But you wouldn’t ever let anything happen though, would you, love? Nothing beyond a bit of flashing and tease, right?”
Renee’s blush fired up. “No! Of course not!”
I swallowed hard, nodding stiffly. “Okay, good.”
“But..?” Renee’s eyes changed to tease.
“But what?”
She shrugged a little. “What about the way I was dressed with Keith the other night? You haven’t said anything.”
“That was pretty fucking revealing, love. Those tiny panties were wedged inside of you. It’s like they were stuck to you.”
“Mmm I know.” Renee moaned as she cuddled closer and reached for my cock. “They were completely soaked. That’s why they were stuck to me, Martin.”
“Aw fuck.”
“Uh huh, and I’ve got more tiny lace panties like that for our holiday too. And I’ve got even shorter nighties to wear with them.”
“You have?” I was boning up hard, my wife’s small hand squeezing through my shorts.
“Yes I do. But are you going to do anything about it or what?”
“Anything about it? You mean?”
Renee glared playfully. “Or do I have to find some other man to start taking care of me?”
I pulled her into my arms and kissed her hard, groping her body and searching her hot open mouth with my tongue. I was ready to fuck my beautiful woman right there in the car but some people appeared from the scrub right in front of us.
“Oh my god!” Renee cried.
“Holy shit!”
It was two middle-aged men and a woman. They were leathery-skinned, sun-browned and completely naked, apart from footwear and hats. They all waved. Renee waved back. I raised my hand slowly and offered a smile as they walked by my open window.
“Afternoon. Lovely day for it,” one of the men offered, beaming a smile back at us. He had quite a large member. The other man’s was small. The woman was flat-chested, her pussy waxed bare.
They opened one of the parked cars and started getting dressed. Renee and I watched them quietly. “That’s so amazing,” she whispered to me. “Should we go check it out?”
My bravery had waned a bit. “I don’t know, they were totally bare-arsed.”
“Yes, but the sign says optional. I’m sure you don’t have to strip down completely.”
“Yeah, I guess.”
“Just take off your shirt. Those shorts will be fine.”
I swallowed hard and looked at my wife. She was undoing the halter neck of her dress.
“But what are you going to wear, love?”
“My bikini is right on top in my bag.”
“Oh.”
Renee got out of the car and went to the back, lifting the door open. She unzipped her bag and slipped off her bra. Both men were watching her. She stood with her bikini in her hand, her dress hanging down around her waist and her tits bare as she sorted the strings. The guy with the smaller dick nodded to me then followed his friend’s gaze back to my wife. That guy had on a shirt but was still bare below the waist, his long uncut cock hanging there. I craned over my shoulder to see Renee blushing but facing the men full-frontal, her nipples tight, her tits rising and falling as she breathed, and tied the bikini string around her waist.
She did the knot and swivelled the bikini top around, just tugging it up a little then leaving it with the cups and neck strings still hanging down.
The woman was watching from the front seat of their car. The smaller dick man was standing in the open doorway and stroking her hair. The other guy was staring openly at Renee. He raised his arms and stretched, his cock seeming to lift upward slightly. There was another guy I hadn’t noticed before. His head had appeared above some scrub and he was watching intently too. There was a sound to my right and I turned to see another two men had appeared and were there beside the open passenger side door.
“Hey, how’s it going?” one of them asked, smiling in at me. “Are you guys heading down to the beach?” He had a towel around his waist and his cock poking at it. His friend was dressed in swimmer briefs.
“Na, man, we just stopped for a minute,” I said and spun further around that way to see Renee was tying her bikini top behind her neck and blushing and smiling at the two new guys. They were both about my age, maybe a couple of years older—late-thirties at most.
Those two guys moved on, walking close by Renee and getting her to smile at them as they looked her over. She glared playfully at me through the back of the SUV as she picked up her bikini bottoms. I glared back but she just grimaced and kept on smiling defiantly.
The two older guys and the one looking over from behind them were still watching. The two guys who had just walked past the car were leaning on their car and watching my wife as well. She peered around at them all briefly then hooked her thumbs in her dress at her waist.
My heart was thumping in my throat. What the fuck! No, don’t, baby!
Renee pushed down her dress and her panties with it. One of the younger guys whistled low, and her blush deepened. She keeps only a thin strip of pubic hair. Her slit was bald and clearly on display to the men.
The old hung dude was holding his huge cock to one side now.
I gripped my head and just swallowed hard.
Renee separated her panties from her dress, dropping the panties in her open bag and folding the dress. She had turned away from the guys, side-on to the older ones, and the younger guys were both tilting to have a look at her from behind. She was still holding her bikini pants as she searched in her bag for something else. She pulled out a small zip-up vanity case and took a hair band from it.
She met my glare again and just stared back at me. Her eyes looked kind of glazed.
“Baby, they’re all fucking watching you.”
“Uh huh, I know,” she said, and she reached for me.
I reached and squeezed her hand. She was then bending all the way over and the older men approached and joined the younger ones to look in behind her legs.
“Yeah, like that, sweetheart, let’s have a look,” the old hung guy called out.
Renee looked back at them but remained bent over.
“Baby, what the fuck!”
“I know, but it’s so exciting,” she said to me, and she looked over her shoulder again.
The men had edged closer to form a half-circle around the back of our car. There were five of them, including the one from the scrub, a fat old guy with nothing on and a thick stumpy cock in his hand. The woman was watching from her car but was standing now and feeling a tit in through an open shirt with one hand and had the other down a pair of shorts.
“Fucking get in the car!” I growled at my wife and I pulled her by the arm, into the back with our luggage. I hit the ignition and drove, keeping hold of Renee and spinning the car around and the hell out of there.
The men were cheering. Renee was just lying there between our bags and gazing blankly back at them, her free hand between her thighs and covering her pussy.
I drove for a bit then got out and slammed shut the back door. I got back in the driver’s seat and waited while my wife climbed through and pulled a dress back on.
“What the fuck, Renee?”
She looked at me. There was spirit in her eyes again. “I don’t know, Martin. I don’t know what I was thinking. Sorry.” She grimaced. “It was just so exciting seeing them all naked like that. It was amazing, don’t you think?”
My cock had receded but I had been erect throughout that whole ordeal. I couldn’t be angry with my wife. It wouldn’t have been fair to accuse her of what had somehow aroused me as well. I didn’t get it though, and I didn’t like the way those guys were checking her out.
Well, if Renee hadn’t been my wife, I would have been lined up with them. But she was my wife!
I huffed a breath. “That just got a bit fucking crazy, love. I thought they were going to try and jump you.”
“I know, they were so obvious about it, weren’t they? I didn’t know it would be like that exactly. I thought it was just about getting with nature at nudist places.”
We were only five kilometres from our destination on the navigator. The dress Renee had pulled on was a different one. It was a short pale blue and white striped smock, the arm holes all the way down to her waist and her red bikini top on show. She was fixing her hair into a band and glanced at me checking out her tits.
“I can’t believe the way you stayed topless with those guys, love. That was pretty full-on.”
She left her hair in a ponytail and plucked at the side of her bikini top. “Did you enjoy me doing that?”
I huffed a breath and glanced from the road again. I nodded a little. “Until they started crowding ya.”
Renee smiled and arched forward as she stretched back in her seat. The broad skirt of her dress was nearly revealing her down below. I noticed it was up at the back and she would have been bare-arsed on the leather seat. I looked up from her legs to meet her gaze.
“It feels so exciting being dressed like this, Martin.”
I glanced from the road and at her legs again. She was fiddling with her dress at her waist, straightening it beneath the seatbelt, and in doing so, tugging it up a bit. I leant forward slightly and had a look at her cunt. My cock flexed in my shorts again. Renee reached across and squeezed it, biting her smile playfully now.
There was a truck parking area 300 meters ahead. It was empty. I swung from the road and sprayed gravel skidding to a halt beneath a tree.
Renee laughed and squealed as I grabbed her. I pushed up her dress and pushed down my shorts. I had her pressed against her door and I got in behind her and forced my cock up her like that. She clung to the seatbelt, winding it around her hand up high, while gripping the headrest of the seat in her other hand. I pounded into her with the handbrake poking my arse cheek uncomfortably, though I didn’t care about that. I was fucking my beautiful wife for the first time in ages, and I pounded her hard and fast until I was about to blow, then I pulled out and spurted up her side and back.