It had been weeks since Tricia had last seen her boyfriend Tom. Those long separations were the hardest while Tricia was at college and Tom had moved back home to finish his own degree. Every time Tom visits is a special day, so when Tom said he would be coming for the long weekend, Tricia began to plan a romantic weekend at her parent's summer house on the lake. Tricia was very sexy with curves in all the right places, generous breasts and a great ass while Tom himself was tall and with a well defined and endowed body.
As Tricia's plans for the day were finally set, she decided to relax in the warm hot tub overlooking the lake. She went inside and up to her room finding her hot pink string bikini from Victoria's Secret, slipping out of her clothes and tying on her bottoms and top. A quick check in the mirror, slight adjustment to her top, and back out to the warm hot tub. She slid one leg into the warm water and settled herself with her back to a jet of water. Her stress melting away as the warm jets of water massaged her back. She glided across the water, looking out into the lake resting her arms on the edge of the hot tub. A warm jet of water was massaging the inside of her leg while naughty thoughts of Tom slipped into her mind. She began to unconsciously rub her breast through her bikini as she thought of Tom and the amazing sex they always had after long absences.
She checked the time; still another half hour till Tom arrived and settled back in front of the jet of water now directly hitting her clit. Pleasure began to spread through her body as she rubbed her breasts even more now. After a few minutes of wonderful pleasure she looked around quickly for any onlookers, stood up and undid the strings to her bikini letting her breasts swing free and exposing her shaved pussy; she then looked around once more before she settled in front of the jet again. Now massaging her breasts and squeezing her tits as the water pounded against her clit she felt her pleasure rising with each minute. Faintly she heard the arrival of a car but it was deafened by the climax rising throughout her body as she shuddered in ecstasy.
"Now that's what I like to see!" a voice from behind her said. She quickly turned around fearing her neighbors or parents had arrived to see her little show, but instead saw Tom in his khaki shorts and black cutoff shirt on, a very large and noticeable bulge in his shorts. She leapt across the hot tub and coyly said, "How long wereyoustanding there?" "Long enough to tell you need a really good fuck right now," He said as he removed his shirt and slid down his shorts, freeing his thick 10 inch cock. Tricia loved Tom's cock; it always filled her pussy and mouth to the brink.
Tom got up and sat on the edge of the hot tub with his feet in the water as Tricia settled herself between his legs taking his monster cock in her hand. With one long lick she slid her tongue around his balls and slowly up his cock until she was circling the tip. With her hand on his balls and base of his cock she plunged her mouth down on his rod, filling her eager mouth. Tom slid Tricia two feet over until she felt the warm water of another jet hit her directly on her pussy, moaning deeply as she continued sucking on his cock taking more and more of him in. She took it out of her slick mouth and rubbed it with her hand as she took one of his balls in his mouth and rolled it around with her tongue, lightly sucking on it. Tom's hand reached down to rub Tricia's breasts as she let go of his balls and began to take him in her mouth again. She felt another orgasm surging through her body as she plunged her mouth down, deep throating his 10 inch cock and rolling her tongue around. Her orgasm was massive as her vocal cords screamed with Tom's cock deep in her throat.
Relinquishing his slick cock from her throat she looked up to him, fueled with desire. Tom slide into the water and now put Tricia on the edge of the hot tub. He began kissing her all down her body, slowly building her anticipation until he was sheer inches away from her clit. He plunged his tongue deep into her wet folds, licking every inch of her. He connected with her clit and Tricia's hand reached for his he to keep him there. Out from the water he hands suddenly connected with her tits as waves of pleasure began to assault the senses. The scene was deliciously naughty to her. She was spread for the entire world to see on the side of a hot tub as her boyfriend licked her clit and thrusted his fingers deep into her body.
The fact that anyone could see her in this way turned her on more as she began to openly moan. She felt she was getting close again to her orgasm but she wanted his cock deep inside her, it had been too long. She pulled him towards her feeling his hard cock brush against her clit. He coated his cock with her juices and looked her deeply in the eye as he slid his cock deep into her tight hole. "Oh fucckk!" she cried out. He began sliding his cock deeper and deeper into her, building her orgasm to a head. He slowed his pace and pulled out of her, flipped her over and bent her over the side of the hot tub. His cock rammed back into her aching hole as he fucked her with all his might. "Oh god Tom, I'm gonna fucking cum!" "That's it Tricia! Fucking cum all over my hard cock!!" Her senses pounding with the sheer control he has on her body pushed her to the brink. "Ohhh fuckk yeah, I'm cuummmingg!!"as she felt her pussy clamp down on his huge cock as her biggest orgasm ripped through her body, screaming into the afternoon.
He slid his hard cock out of her and brought it to her face, her eager mouth waiting for his warm seed. Playing with his balls and moving her hand with her mouth she felt him close to his orgasm and took him deep in her throat again sending him over the edge. Warm spurts of cum sprayed the back of her mouth as she continued to suck and milk hard on his cock for every drop of cum, wildly swirling her tongue around the tip. She opened her mouth for him as she rolled his cum around her mouth before she swallowed it all in one gulp. Tricia sat down on his now softening cock in the hot tub. "That was amazing baby!" he said.
She looked him coyly in the eye and said, "the weekend isn't over yet..."