Playing with Toys
Fall brought a new semester, and new responsibilities. I was now expected to physically assist with the running of the new Clinical Studies, under six different Professors. I was expected to participate in at least two, and help run at least one.
The University had a new benefactor, out of Malaysia. The Phallus Group. They made top end sexual assistance devices, and they needed top clinical and psychological research credentials, just to get their product into many countries as "health improvement devices", instead of the common label "sex toys".
We were tasked with providing user data on the reliability of dozens of devices to achieve their advertised goal, which could be as simple as an orgasm or as complex as, complete domination and control!
At this point they were just devising the methods and protocols so that our results would be scientific, repeatable, and ethical.
I volunteered myself as a demonstrator, since I had been working as a Stripper for nearly a year, but being comfortable in your own skin is one thing, checking the fit and comfort of a dildo or a butt plug was quite another!
I was not shy about public nudity. Practically everyone in the Psychology Department knew me, and most were friendly towards me.
The product that I was interested in the most was The Swing.
My old friend Josh was now an Associate Prof, working with limited autonomy. He had assisted in the development of the test protocols, and now he would oversee the study. The first time I met Josh he was an Assistant, and I had taken him to my bed, but it was not a physical draw. I like the way he thinks, and the way he listens and, frankly, I love the way he lusts for me! His big cock was just a bonus.
With my gentle support he had been working on his health ever since! He was now about 230 pounds, and worked out with cardio three times a week, but the real accomplishment in my eyes was that he was getting laid by other women.
I did not trade sex for favors, only friendship, so I still had to do the grunge work, as a new Clinician. Josh assigned Heather, another Student Assistant, to work with me to assemble the device.
The instructions for assembly were translated into English poorly, so we had to look it up on my laptop. Of course the search engine also found very graphic images of people using The Swing, in very playful ways.
I saw how excited that Heather got when we played a video that had a young man and woman banging away, like they could do it for a week!
Of course, she seemed to be having an endless orgasm, while the stud hadn't even broken out in a sweat!
"I wish my boyfriend could last that long," Heather said, wistfully.
"I always say, if they didn't get me there the first time, then they'll get me there on the second, or third try!" I claimed with gusto. "This swing will take away a lot of physical demands, and keep him or her pumping for longer," I said, "...and that will go a long way towards a better sex life."
The pipes were steel extrusion, with solid straps and buckles, and with the help of the video, we were totally lost, until Josh showed up. We were going out tonight, to celebrate his advancement to Associate Prof., and I was sure that sex would be on the agenda. When was sex not on my mind! I figured that he would probably want to return to the office and have a try himself, before the real work started.
We invited Heather and her significant other, but she made a polite excuse, which we were relieved about too.
We had a good healthy dinner at a pub near the campus, and washed it down with some fine, but cheap wine.
"You are looking real good Josh, I'm thinking it will be fun to have you slam into me on that swing!" I confided over an after dinner drink.
"You look ravishing yourself Shylo, but I don't really need any help slamming into you," he promised.
I leaned in close and whispered, "You might be able to fuck me for two hours, instead of one."
"CHECK PLEASE!"
As soon as the elevator opened, you could hear the noise. Someone was using The Swing already, and at least one of them was loud!
We both had the same idea at once, as we turned for the observation booth.
We were as quiet as we could be, as we slipped into the monitor's station, but there we found even more activity. Heather was in the observation room, pinned against the one way glass, with a man grinding up and into her, with a steady rhythm.
When she caught sight of us in the reflection, she tapped her partner on the hip, and he pulled back in shock.
"Sorry Heather, I should have realized that I wouldn't be the only one to think of this," I began, but then caught sight of the two cleaning carts and the two Janitors, using the swing and doing the most natural of things, on a slow Tuesday night!
We quietly backed out, and hurried to Josh's apartment.
I wanted to stop for a joint, and Josh was happy to join me on his balcony.
"I've seen some nasty sex before, but that one will stay with me for a while!" Josh blurted out, with a deep breath of cannabis.
"I was not as shocked by the sight of that big guy taking it in the ass, as I was enthralled at the reaction it had on Heather and her boyfriend," I responded. "They are an unusual couple."
Of course, when I say unusual, I mean 'interesting', wink wink.
Anal sex or homosexual sex in general, does not bother me, but Josh needed some extra attention to take his mind where I needed him to be.
I went to his old record player and picked through the albums.
"Do you want to make love to Barry? Or Marvin? I asked.
"If I get to make love for two hours, we will go through them both," he wisely surmised.
"I've got the time, sailor," I enticed him, then I stripped him.
It was hard to get the jockeys off, pun intended. His big thick cock was at full attention. I slapped his hands away when he started to help, then pulled and pushed it into my salivating mouth.
It was a little salty, but otherwise it tasted good.
"Do you have any experience with anal, Josh, I could show you a few things..." I delicately inquired, while I circled his butt hole with my index finger and kissing the length of his long schlong.
"Clinically, I have no trouble with it, and I know that you would be the perfect teacher, but..." he began, but I cut him off.
"Say no more love, but just so you know, I like it, so if you haven't tried the 'giving' side, I would be happy to be your first."
I got on all four, and presented my back side for penetration.
Josh plunged his tongue into my back door, and used his fingers to probe my vagina and my clit.
It only took me half a minute to rip into an orgasm, but it was not an anal one. So far, I have only had orgasms there with a deeper thrust. His tongue in my butt did make me super horny though.
"Get that monster into one of those holes Mister." I commanded.
Josh quickly chose the more familiar path, and my pussy did not mind one bit.
"If you are available two weeks from now, I would love to explore the dark side with you," he said, as he pushed into me, "...I don't want to be distracted, while I'm getting my first assignment as a Project Manager started."
"It's a date, mark it down," I prompted, knowing he has never been too busy for me, when it came to sex.
He kept it slow, enjoying the grasp of my moist love canal, and the feel of my ass in his hands. I put my forehead on the bed, which gave him a better angle for full depth, and his cock head was now pushing into my cervix, but not violently. It also freed up my hands, so I could play with my nipples, rolling the nibs, and pushing them in and out, as they tingled.
He brought us up to second gear, and I knew he could keep that pace up for a while.
My first orgasm snuck up on me, as I pictured myself in that swing.
That beautiful orgasm, where you are totally free of concerns, feeling loved and appreciated, and all of the right spots are being enjoyed.
The only contribution that I consciously made to anyone else, was the steady squeeze that I was giving to his cock.
The second that he pushed it into third gear, I started to cum again, and I did not stop, until he had drained his juices into me, and he was getting soft.
"Wow," I complimented my stud, and slid forward onto his bed, trailing a wet spot as I went.
Josh pumped non stop for the next half hour, while I shamelessly had one orgasm after the other. I knew that he would try to impress me with his physical improvements, and I was happy to let him, to a point.
"I need to take the top Lover boy, I'm starting to feel a little put upon."
He slowed down, then stopped.
"You are trying too hard Josh, just relax and let me grind a bit, you know I love it, 'Jack'," I mocked him with my new nickname of Jack Hammer, but the truth was, he would never be a rapid fire lover.
I took my favorite position, on top, facing my lover. From here, I controlled the pace, and the depth.
"It looks like we need better security on our equipment," I suggested, while pushing myself down on his long thick pole.
"We can't judge the durability, when we don't know what it's going through, Josh."
"True Shylo, remind me to have the Engineering Department take a look at it, to make sure a weld didn't pop, or a cable didn't fail." Josh started pushing up into me, while my mind wandered, then continued, but with a staccato voice, "...this, would, have, been, easier, in, the, swing!" and he came again.
"To the shower, Josh, I need your tongue, but first, your pits smell, so I'm calling for soap!"
Josh is a giving lover, so he soaped me up really well, and paid a lot of attention to my sparkling clean hooters.
The second album had long since finished, and Josh asked me to stay over, so I let him make me bacon and eggs for a midnight snack, then another round of hide the salami, and spooning until I fell asleep.
We were up and about early. He had work to do, while I had to hit the pool.
I worked out with the team, even hitting the gym, and the massage we all get, when we finish. There were three trainers that also gave the rubdowns, and it really helped to ease the muscles after pushing them hard.
Six of us worked out on the breaststroke, and we always pushed the hardest, and longest, so we were the last two rounds on the tables.
Carol, Sandra and I stayed longer in the showers, so we all hit the ice tubs. Towels were enough, even though half of our staff were male, we were used to them treating our bodies as machines, and they were the mechanics.
We only do 5 minutes in the ice tub, then we lay about in the sauna or Jacuzzi until a table opens up for our rub down.
Sandra was up next, since she lucked out, coming out of the sauna just as a spot opened up.
"I think Genny is soft on her," Carol whispered, as Sandra walked over to Genny Walker's massage table.
I noted the look that Gen was giving her next client, and had to agree that there was lust in that look.
The last two spots opened at the same time, and we hustled to dry off, so we wouldn't hold up the process unduly.
"You ladies looked very good today," Cory complimented us and smiled, but shrewdly kept his eyes averted as we climbed onto our benches.
The towels were put in place, and the farting sounds of oil bottles being emptied made us all laugh a bit as we melted into the cushions.
Cory was not one of my coaches, which made our occasional tryst acceptable to us, but it might not follow the school rules to the letter, so we kept it on the down low. Cory was not going to let his hands roam, but that didn't stop my body from responding to his hands.
He worked his way around my body like a professional, easing my shoulders, arms and legs to the point that I could probably have a nap, but he then started kneading my glutes, which no doubt needed it badly, but it also brought my lustful mind to my ass, and how nice it was to be handled there.
Carol was finished first, and her trainer quickly excused herself, and the three of us were left alone.
"I've been hoping to catch you two together," Carol started, while sitting up on the side of the bench. She was a pretty girl, but she was very competitive, so I never even considered her as a possible hookup.
"I know that you two are having sex, and I will report you if you don't do what I say," she casually dropped a bomb!
Even the accusation could hurt Cory, so she had our attention.
"All I want is to watch," she claimed. It's a fetish that I have, so you will just have to do it, right here, right now," she demanded.
I exchanged a glance with Cory, and he looked scared.
"Right now, before I change my mind," she stressed.
I grabbed Cory's hand. "I could use a good fucking," I suggested, relieving him of any pressure.
Cory dropped his shorts, and entered me as I sat sideways on the massage table.
Carol moved in close to have a view from every angle, but she didn't touch either of us. I wasn't the least aroused, because I was worried for Cory.
He was fucking me, but he didn't perform in front of others very well. I could tell that his cock was only semi erect. The look in his eye was more of concern than lust.
Carol saw the situation and read it well. She moved to the opposite side of the table, and pushed me down, laying back with my head hanging over. She spread her legs, just enough to move forward, and plant her moist pussy on my eager mouth.
I could tell right away that it had the desired effect on Cory. His thrusting became more firm, while Carol started playing with my tits. I felt myself getting wet again as I licked her fresh pussy.
All I could see was the other side of the room, but the mirror there showed me that Cory had his hands full too. Soon Carol was pressing her pelvis into my face. She was ready and so was Cory. He leaned forward and locked into a kiss with our blackmailer, while he fondled her breasts.
I enjoy a good threesome as much as anyone, so I joined them in a sweet orgasm.
Carol went back to the shower while Cory pulled his shorts up and made a hasty departure.
"What the fuck Carol, what a bitchy thing to do!" I yelled at her, as I followed her into the showers.
"I'm so sorry Shylo, I have never done that before, I mean, I have watched people lots of times, but I have never joined in before." Her eyes told me she was not someone who ratted on people, she just liked to watch, and she was very observant.
"If you feel the need for more, we can set something up that is not that risky," I suggested.
"Thanks for the offer, but once I get to see it, I like to move on to new conquests."
"Well it's still unfair to Cory, he's probably a mess right now, wondering where he's going to work next," I angrily bit out.
"I'll go see him, and let him know he's okay," she ventured and she started to dress.
I sent Cory a text, assuring him that our secret was still safe, but I knew that I wouldn't be seeing him, the way I saw him before.
The next day I was back in the clinic, going over the report from Engineering, which suggested that The Swing had survived it's maiden run.
As a test, I set myself up in the cradle straps, and Josh stood poised to enter me.
The room was crowded, and we both had our street clothes on, but it was still sexually charged. We couldn't see how a thorough test of it's capacity could be done without actually having sex. It's not like we were driving a car. We needed passion and animal lust to drive the testing, otherwise it would not be 'real world tested', and our results would be less than accurate.
We decided to post for volunteers, but the volunteers would have to know that they were being observed, which would again taint the results. They might be much less passionate or forceful if they knew someone else was watching.
That is when I had the idea of watching through a camera instead of an observation booth, and we can use software to cloud out the faces of the participants. They would all be shown how it works to protect their privacy. Then we could expect a more natural experience.
Josh set the ball rolling immediately, while we set about the wording for the post for volunteers.
"Couples needed for anonymous testing of sexual aid equipment."
"Must be in a relationship that has lasted for at least 3 months."
"Both participants must be no more than 250 pounds, with a combined maximum of 450 pounds."
"Both participants must be no younger than 18."
"Both participants must be healthy enough to engage in sexual activity at least once per day, for the duration of the study."
"Consideration and preference may be given to handicapped individuals."
Carpenters were replacing the one way glass with a regular wall, and cameras were being installed from three different angles. I suggested toning down the lights, and making the room less sterile.
Josh was being a bit strong armed, signing up most of the Student Assistants with their partners. He wanted the study to start in two days, when the room would be physically ready.
Security people would now be coming through every hour, 24 hours a day. They made sure that everyone there belonged there, and we had to display our identification. They even made a record, and checked it against the log book. Cameras were also installed at all entryways.
"We have 8 couples ready to start testing, and we have the computer set to email all of the participants with their start time," Josh announced.
"You have all seen how the masking software works, so you should not be uncomfortable, confident that your identity is hidden." I think Josh believed that himself, but no one else did.
To become a Dentist, you have to be willing to have your teeth worked on. To become a sexual therapist you had better be ready for your own sexuality to be explored!
Of course I could not partner with Josh, but he insisted that I find someone else, and I had no problem filling the spot. I chose Mike, since he's already on campus, and he's a good lover.
I suggested to Josh that he fudge the computer order, and put us first, just to break the ice.
We got to the clinic 5 minutes early, in hopes that we could slip in, unseen, but that turned into a joke, as everyone knew what time the first test would be, and a dozen people were milling about, eager to know who the first participants would be.
Then we casually stepped into the room and latched the door behind us.
We didn't start out making love, it was more like a Doctor's appointment. We slowly removed our clothes, folded things, and placing them on a chair.
When we were both down to the undies, we came together in front of the device. I wrapped my arms around him, and he did the same.
"We had better step it up a bit Mike, we don't want to be accused of being slackers," I joked, realizing there was no audio pickup, since it would have no relevance.
Mike removed my bra and panties, kissing me while he did it. When I was naked, I eased into the cradle of straps, and buckled myself in, while Mike pulled his jockey off and approached me with a proud cock pointing almost straight up. There was a number of choices he could make for lubricant, but Mike can be a showman, so he went down on his knees, then went down on me!
Being a natural exhibitionist, I found the situation so arousing that I felt an orgasm approach fast.
"Mike! You're going to make me cum!" I pleaded, mostly wanting it, my hands went to my tits.
Mike's one word answer sent me over the top, "Hmm!"
The first "official" orgasm in The Swing did not test it's strength very well, but it did show how flexible it could be.
When Mike stood up, he pressed his cock into me, but just the tip. His smile told me that he had planned a performance.
I reached out and grabbed the two back support posts, and pulled myself off of the cock head, then back on, off, on, off, on...
My second orgasm, again didn't test the structure much, but it sure took my breath away.
The whole purpose of the video was to break down the action into stress levels, so people would be analyzing the activity to get the total minutes of use at various levels of activity.
Now Mike took over, pressing another inch into me, then he started to swing me, while he stood still. We both closed our eyes and enjoyed the full length of his cock. I knew he wanted to give me one more before he let himself cum, and I was not going to keep him waiting, while I visualized the team, breaking down the video, I had my third or fourth orgasm.
Mike now pushed me back a bit so that my own weight made me slap into him a little harder, without putting out much effort.
His release was as obvious as it was complete, as I squeezed my vaginal muscles a little tighter.
"I think we had better leave them wanting more, baby," I suggested.
"No blow job?" Mike teased me, or was it a challenge?
"We could finish this at home?" I offered, "You know that people will hear about this, and try to one up it?"
That thought made me want more.
"You take the swing," I insisted, as I opened the buckle at my waist.
It was my turn to kneel, and I took a minute to decide on the best spot. Mike was starting to regain some volume to his recently shriveled tool, and my tongue hurried things up a lot.
I let him mimic my opening move, as he popped the head in and out of my immobile face, but I only had him do it for a couple of strokes, knowing how sensitive the head could be soon after ejaculating.
Now I wondered how well the computer generated fog would hide my technique? Surely they wouldn't be able to see that he didn't hide his dick in my cheek!
We took our time, with lots of long tongue runs, that drove Mike to arch his back quite dramatically, and when he finally came, he thrust his hips up and down like it was his first!
We did not have a time limit, but they had scheduled the couples at one hour intervals. The agreement was that the next pair would not enter until the participants came out.
I felt like we had been in there for more than an hour, but it was very close to an hour. I recognized the other female, waiting outside, and Mike knew her partner, so we gave them a briefing on our presentation, just to let them know that anything goes!
As it turned out, The Phallus Group really just wanted raw data, so any use of the equipment was helpful, even if the couple didn't usually have vigorous sex for 60 minutes, we could still parcel out the actions of the couple, into categories, which gave us more data.
The University, on the other hand, wanted Academic Research Papers. They wanted the money that Phallus delivered, but they expected to find ways to help people with their sexual problems, so we would have to study the participants too.
Mike and I had classes that afternoon, so we parted with a kiss, like any happy couple, but I bet he was thinking about things to do tomorrow! I only had five good orgasms, and the day was young.
I decided to head back to the office, to see what the video revealed. Josh would be making changes on the fly, so my opinion, as a participant, could be important.
Four of us crowded into Josh's office, that he shared with another Team Leader, and watched all of the days work starting with couple #1.
The fogging of the face was a little heavy, covering up some nice skin, especially during the oral sex, but the fucking was very well shown. One of my friends put her hand in front of her face and said, "Slut", while the video showed me, in good detail, as I rocked Mike's cock in and out of my pussy. Sure, you couldn't see my face, but everyone knew it was me.
We all laughed.
We fast forwarded during the boring bits, but eventually we watched all five of us, , doing the nasty with our partners. Some sessions were longer than others, but it took us 5 hours to get through just those 5, there were 3 more to go through tomorrow, while we went at it again.
The Swing was locked up for the night, which included locking a bar to the device, making it unusable. Josh invited me for some dinner, and suggested that there would be a surprise.
I don't like to concentrate too much with one lover, but I was too intrigued to say no. Would it be a return to the swing to show how much better Josh could be? Would we devise new ways to use it? Or perhaps he was joking, and his surprise would be his stiffie? Any of those would be okay, on a slow day.
This time we had steak, at an expensive place on the water. The mushrooms were still sizzling on top of my medium rare Porterhouse, Josh went with a steak and shrimp combo, but got the steamed garlic broccoli instead of the potato.
We even had desert! We knew we were going to work it off.
By the time we got to my place we were just realizing how full we were, and I was thinking we might just have a quickie, having forgotten about the surprise.
Josh brought his laptop in with him, but I thought it was just to keep it safe.
I went to get us a brew, while he plugged his computer into my Smart TV.
It started with Mike and I entering the test room. There was no fogging of the faces on Josh's copy of the video!
This is the kind of porn that I can fuck to, and Josh obviously felt the same way. I was mesmerized, but Josh had already viewed it, so he set to work removing my clothes while I watched the screen.
As my panties were eased to the floor, I realizes how far ahead my lover had gone! Then I excused myself and selfishly let the first orgasm wash over my body. I was being fucked hard by Mike, on the screen, while Josh smashed his tongue into my clit, and started licking.
The definition of the picture, was far better than our Study needed, and there were more camera angles then we had been told about.
Josh let me catch my breath, as he kissed his way up my body, and I did not hesitate to strip him.
I lay him on my bed, so I could watch the video, while I rode his dick, but he made sure his head hung over the side, so he could watch the swing sex, upside down.
Heather came up next, and we watched them strip, then get frisky, before either of them made it to the swing.
Their 69 on the floor, was brief, but intimate. They probably thought it was off camera. I thought it looked more like a hand job on Heather's part, while her guy dove into her pussy, like it was a gift, that he didn't often get.
When they shifted to anal, I got to watch her face, as the cock head pushed past the sphincter, and she loved it.
I hoped it was priming the pump for Josh to try it, but he didn't need any help now, as he erupted into me!
He did keep pumping, though it slowed and nearly stopped, but his recovery was not that far off, as we moved on to other participants on the screen. Another Student Assistant was being especially lazy. He pulled over the chair, and sat while he bounced off his wife's tulip shaped pussy.
I don't remember if she came or not, but she made me have another one, and I don't recall anything, until I woke up, alone in my own bed.
This should be an interesting Semester!