St. Valentine's Day
She was named Callie when she was born, but as her baby blonde hair grew out and was replaced by tri-color blonde, brunette, and red, her grandfather took to calling her Calico, and it stuck. Now, at 26, Calico kept her namesake hair cropped short in the back and around her ears, but long and full, on top.
For the other side of this story, read "Jan in California Pt 06_Valentines Day"
+ - + - + - + - + -
Calico had never been a big fan of Valentine's Day, with its forced romance and overused heart clichés, she was contented jumping from partner after partner, finding her pleasure where ever and whenever it showed up. She discovered she enjoyed women as well as men. Great tits excited her, but a nice cock fascinated her. And that is what she found in Dr. Alex, the in-home doctor who visited her elderly Granny-Aunt, originally only once a month. At 42 years old, he was very much her senior, which seemed to add a thrill to the Daddy issues she had gotten used to dealing with. But she had seen photos of the birth father she never knew. His bald head and stomach paunch was a far cry from Alex's, dark hair, tanned skin, and a square jaw. And she doubted her father had as nice a cock as Dr. Alex.
The first time she met him, they were quickly fucking and sucking of for the sake of her internet camera. He was another notch in her online bedpost. But somewhere in the middle of fucking him, and with Granny-Aunt's encouragement, her feelings transformed into something more.(See, Calico ch04_Home Doctor Visit for details. -E)she realized he was quite perfect for her. By the end of the afternoon, she was smitten with the handsome, older man. After he insisted they go on several traditional dates (Calico would have been happy just staying home and fucking) she discovered they laughed at the same things, shared the same taste in music and films. One night, after seeing watching a particularly sexy romance followed by amazing sex, Calico cradled his face, gazing into his eyes. "Is this love, Alex? Am I falling in love with you?"
"I hope so, my sweet Calico kitten, because I am with you."
They fucked for the rest of the night, soft intense love-making and hard passionate sex. Only once did Granny-Aunt bang on the bedroom wall, yelling, "Louder!"
Not only did his mouth seem to fit every part of her body, but his seven-inch cock was the perfect length, a splendid girth, and the ideal curve to touch all the sensitive spots in her vagina.
So, Calico was looking forward to Valentine's Day, this year since now she had a permanentmanof her own. But an emergency call at noon had turned into a full day at the hospital. While she understood it was the nature of his job to be there when people needed him, she grumbled that he wasn't there when she needed him. Granny-Aunt stroked her back, as she sat sulking on the sofa.
"Want to share a vibrator, Calico. That always helps my mood."
Calico stood up, "Thank you, Granny-Aunt, but I think I'll go for a walk, through town. We'll see if that cheers me up."
She kissed her Granny-Aunt's bare tits (When did she get naked?) before opening the door. The warm afternoon air hit her skin and she opted to not bring a jacket, remaining in her tank top and short shorts. No one will care that she's not wearing any underwear. There was no onetocare.
She caught a ride share down the twisting hill into town. She noticed the attractive blonde driver looking at her in the mirror. Normally she would use this to her sexual advantage, but instead she only asked, "What are you looking at?" in a mildly accusatory tone.
The driver flinched a bit, but she said. "A pretty girl, looking down about being alone on Valentine's Day, your nipples hard under that tank top, and your dark pubes clearly visible under the white short shorts. Do you want fucking, sweetheart?"
Calico could only sigh. "Yes, I do, but I'm sorry. You're not correct the plumbing for what I need right now. I miss my man's cock."
"I know what you mean. I love licking a soft cunt, but sometimes I need someone to love me hard and deep."
Calico chuckled. "That's it. Aw well, the plan is just to walk around town and see what comes up."
"What the filmmakers call the 'Thoughtful Montage.' You'll either meet the man of your dreams, most likely Tom Hanks, or become the key witness to a crime."
"I'm already fucking the man of my dreams."
"Just not today, of all days."
"Just not today,"
She pulled to the curb at State Street and East Haley, as requested.
"In that case," the driver continued, "I'd keep my eyes open for suspicious characters." She handed her a business car. "And call me direct if you need a ride home or feel up to some serious scissoring," Her smile was both friendly and predatory. Calico almost fucked her right there in the car. Instead, she got out. "Thank you," she checked the name on the card. "Laura." She leaned in the driver's window to kiss her gently.
Laura inhaled deeply. "Sister I can smell your sexy pussy from here. You better find someone to fuck you, preferably not Tom Hanks." That smile again as she drove off.
Calico began walking down State Street toward the ocean. Passing shops of fancy clothes and over-price coffee, she was feeling better. By the time she reached the pier, the fresh sea air had settled her doubts about Alex. She knew he loved her, but she also admired his dedication to an important job. It's something she would have to learn to live with. She made a note to buy extra batteries on the way home.
As she sat on the pier, she watched a tall man fishing. He had taken off his shirt in the heat of the day, and the muscles of his chest and arms bunched and flexed as he cast his line over the rail. Feeling her panties dampening, Calico looked down. Below her on the sand, a couple was nude on a towel. She was on her back, her big tits staring up at Calico as they swayed each time he thrust into her. Calico marveled at his tight ass, flexing and relaxing with every thrust. It reminded her of the time she and Alex had had sex at a hotel with mirrors on the ceiling above the bed. She had cum watching her man's ass cheeks flex the same way. Now the best she could do was squeeze her thighs tight on her hungry clit.
With a heavy sigh, she stood up and walked back up the pier. She had hardly noticed how late it was getting, until she saw the sun, hunched very close to the sea. Instead of going back up State Street, she crossed a block west into Chapella Street. Less busy and with more interesting shops, she barely felt the fatigue until it was upon her. Her legs suddenly weak and her heart weighing on her breast, she turned on Victoria Street where she knew there were some benches. She sat down hard, feeling sorrier for herself each time a happy couple walked by, kissing and groping and celebrating the day of artificial love.
She lowered her head and started to sob. After a few minutes, she felt someone sit next to her, quite close, in fact. She looked over to see an extraordinarily beautiful woman with a full head of thick white hair and large breasts inside a black cocktail dress with black sequins highlighting the curved neckline. The woman's voice was soft and low, with a touch of a southern accent. "What is it, sweetheart. The jerk dump you on Valentine's Day?"
Calico couldn't help but chuckle. "Close, he had to work."
"Had to?" a man spoke up. Calico looked up to find a tall man standing in front of her, wearing a dark suit with the tie loosened and the first two buttons of his shirt open, allowing the thick salt-and-pepper chest hair to poke out. She couldn't help but compare him to Alex. Obviously older than Alex, with gray in his hair but a similar strong jaw, the same gentle eyes and the same bulge in his pants though the more she looked, the more it seemed to grow bigger than Alex's. He held a single long-stemmed rose in one hand. It was obvious he was with the stunning woman, as if he always had been and always will be. Calico fought down her jealousy until the man asked, "Is he a fireman? Police officer?"
Calico nodded. "Doctor. Mostly home-care visits. So, if one of his patients is hospitalized..."
"He has to go. Understood, but it must be hard for you."
Calico broke down, opening up to these strangers, sharing how she and Alex met and how perfect they were together. In the middle of it, the beautiful women said simply, "Aw, sweetheart."
"Now it's our first Valentine's Day and I was so hoping..." She started weeping again.
The woman wrapped and arm around her, pulling her face to her breasts, stroking her short hair and cooing, "There, there, young one. My name is Jan. What's yours?"
"I'm Calico."
The white-haired woman quickly took in the multi-colored hair, cut in a disorganized mop. "Of course, you are, I see it now. Calico, I know it sounds cliché but it's not the end of the world. He'll be home in a few hours and you can celebrate this ridiculous holiday in whatever is your favorite way."
"Fucking his brains out?"
The white-haired woman looked at the tall man, raising her eyebrows, "If that is what you want, I'm sure he'd be happy to oblige. You are so cute and naturally sexy, how could he resist?" She looked up at the man, "Could you resist, Lover?'
"I'm barely resisting now," he hitched up his pants, emphasizing the large bulge. Calico stared and, unconsciously, licked her lips. The man handed her the rose. "Will you accept this, instead?"
Calico's bold persona took over. "No. I won't. I want to be fucked." She turned to Jan, "You're obviously on a date, and I don't' want to be a third wheel ... except that is exactly what I want. Take me home with you. Let this," she reached out to rub the long cock extending down the man's pant leg, "Let this fuck me. I want the big hard cock of a man in my pussy. I'll do whatever you want, Jan? Do you like women? My tits aren't big like yours, but can I lick your cunt, or scissor our clits, or lick your ass." That got Jan's attention. "I love ass-play, Jan. Just let him fuck me
Jan looked up at the handsome man this young woman was masturbating though his pants. She knew the answer but had to ask. "It's up to you, Lover?"
"How can I say no on Valentine's Day." Calico jumped up and kissed him. "Oh, thank you. We are going to have such a good time." She was still rubbing his crotch. "Oh, but, do you mind if I video record us? I do it with all my partners to sell on the internet."
Jan blanched. When Calico looked disappointed, then man stepped in to explain. "Jan had a bit of a run-in with ... the criminal element ... at her home town. If some reporter was to find a video of us having sex, it could go very badly for her, and me, and maybe even you."
Calico's shoulders dropped. "But," Jan said trying to cheer her up, "If you want to record it, just to share with your doctor friend, and maybe us, I hope, that could make me very hot."
"Oh yes!" Calico perked up. "No one will see it except us and Alex. And maybe my Granny-Aunt. My videos are the only action the old woman gets."
"Deal," Jan put out her hand. When Calico took it to shake, Jan pulled her into a long kiss. Calico started squeezing Jan's large breasts, as her breathing got deeper. Jan leaned back. "I want to kiss your sweet tits, but a public street may not be the best place. Lover, can you get us a ride share to the motel?"
Within five minutes a car had picked them up. Once inside the car, Jan did start kissing Calico's nipples through her tight shirt. He slid two fingers up her short pant leg and found her cunt dripping wet. The driver sniffed, then turned back to look.
"If you kick us out, you won't get to watch," Jan warned.
Santa Barbara is not a big town in terms of geography, the ride to the motel should have taken less than five minutes. Twenty minutes later, they were still getting the "scenic route."
He had unclipped the neck of Jan's dress, letting it fall open to her waist. Calico started devouring her tits as he fingered her cunt. Jan pulled Calico's fingers under her dress and was humping her hand.
The car pulled into the parking lot of the motel. The driver turned around and smiled, "If I drive around anymore, the app will think I'm cheating you and cut me off." Jan pulled Calico's fingers from her pussy and held them to the driver's mouth. "Thank you."
Calico giggled as he sucked the cunt juice from her fingers.
Jan replaced her dress, which her Lover quickly clipped in place. Calico straightened her pants, unable to hide the wet spot at the crotch. He did the same with a similar problem at the front of already-dark-colored pants.
Jan patted his crotch. "It's late no one will see."
No sooner were they out of the car, than a young Hispanic housekeeper came out of a nearby door and stopped in front of them. Her eyes immediately focused on the dark spot over the large bulge at his crotch. Jan reached out her hand, and for some reason, the housekeeper took it. Jan pulled her close, letting the young woman smell the air of sex around them all. She gasped,"Santa madre, me haces querer follarte."
Jan smiled and kissed her."Tal vez si todavía estás disponible por la mañana."
They walked to the room, Calico clutching his cock through his pants the whole way.
Once inside, Calico quickly set her phone-camera on top of the dresser, pointing at the large bed. Jan immediately stood in front of the lens and unhooked her dress, letting it fall to the floor, exposing her tits and lightly frosted pubes to the camera. "Yeah. I could enjoy this," she moaned as she caressed her tits and pussy. "Or, was I supposed to do that in the bathroom and make an entrance. Isn't that how the story goes, Lover."
Her Lover opened his pants, letting the hard dick fall out. "Let's leave that story in the past, and make our own present."
Calico was on her knees in front of him. "Let's make our own present. I'll start."
She slid her mouth over his cock. Jan crouched behind her, interrupting her long enough to pull the tank top over her head.
"Oh my, Jan, Calico's tits are small and perfect." He stared. Jan reached around to open Calico's pants. The younger woman rolled onto her back, sucking his balls into her mouth as Jan peeled the shorts off. "Oh Jan, he's so yummy." Jan started licking Calico's bush. The smaller woman flinched, "Oh, yes!" she gripped the white hair and pulled Jan's head to her pussy.
He lowered his balls into Calico's open mouth, enjoying the feeling of her tongue caressing his balls.
"Oh, Calico, I want to fuck you."
"Nope. Jan is eating my cunt and if feels too good."
Jan sat back on her haunches, smiling. "I do know what you mean Calico, but if you think that feels good," She slid back, gesturing to Calico's dripping pussy. "Lover?"
He stepped around, laying atop Calico with his cock nestled in her pubic hair.
Calico moaned at feel of a man's weight on her body. She gripped his chest hair.
"May I, Calico?"
"Oh yes Lover," then "My I call him Lover, Jan?"
"If you are loving something he's doing to you, or for you, then I have no trademark on the word, and little use for jealousy. Call him 'you huge-dicked monster,' if it suits the moment," she smirked, settling down to rub her clit.
"Fuck me Lover,"
He felt a little odd, hearing the word in someone else's mouth, but that was not the moment for debate.
He pushed his cock forward until the head rested against her wrinkled lips. "OK, Calico, darling?"
"Yes, please, Lover. Now."
He eased in, gradually pushing through her lips and into her pussy. "Oh Calico, you're so hot inside."
She groaned as he pushed deeper, until his swollen head nudged her cervix, stretching the wall of her vagina. He held it there, filling her.
"Oh fuck yes."
"I know," Jan said her fingers deep in her own pussy. "He is special, isn't he?"
"He's wonderful, Jan. Thank you for sharing him."
He started stroking in and out in a steady rhythm as Jan continued.
"As I said, I have no use for jealousy and it gets me so wet watching him fuck a beautiful woman."
Calico groaned as he sped up. Her hands grabbed his ass. "Ohhhhh... fuck me, Daddy."
He paused, "Daddy?"
He saw her blush. "Jan said I could call you whatever I want, if it suits the moment."
"I was rather hoping for 'you huge-dicked monster.' I thought Alex was your 'daddy.' I have a daughter of my own that I want to fuck," Calico gasped at the thought, "but right now I'm just a man who is going to fuck your tight cunt and nibble your tiny," he bit her nipple and she shouted, "yet sensitive nipples."
"That's what Daddy does," she clenched the muscles of her pussy.
"Jan?" he glanced at her. Her head was back and her eyes closed as her fingers plunged into her soaking cunt. "Yes, Daddy," Jan said with a lusty smirk.
He looked down into Calico's eyes. She looked back, a bit perturbed. "I've never fucked a man who talked as much as you do. Except maybe Alex."
"Yeah? What does 'Alex' say?"
"Mostly, 'Oh Calico, I love fucking your young fresh cunt.'"
"Ah, OK."
"Or sometimes, 'Aw fuck, Calico you make my dick so hard when you call me Daddy.'"
"I see."
"And then there's my favorite, 'Can we watch the video where the dyke plumber makes you eat her cunt?'"
"I get the picture, Calico," His sigh was heavy and Jan laughed quietly. "Can we start again?"
"Why? Did you go soft when I called you Daddy?"
Jan laughed out loud at that one.
'NO I DID NOT GO SOFT!" he shoved his hard cock back into her cunt, slamming the head against her cervix.
"Oh fuck," she screamed.
He started fucking her hard, letting his frustrated lust drive the tempo.
Calico shrieked, "YES FUCK, FUCKFUCKFUCKFUCK, FUCK ME DADDY!"
He thrust his full length into her pussy, feeling her contract around his shaft. "Aw fuck!" he shouted as cum poured from his cock.
"OH FUCK JAN, HE'S CUMMING INSIDE ME ... SO HOT ... I'M GOING TO..." her jerking hips and abdominal spasms finished the sentence. Cum flowed from Calico's pussy.
Jan shouted as her self-induced climax overcame her.
The three of them sat there, exhausted. Jan crawled over to the bed and climbed up to suck Calico's cum from her Lover's dick.
Somewhere in the room a phone beeped. Calico looked up, still in delirium from the fucking she had just received "I think that's mine."
She crawled across the floor, both of her partners admiring the view of her wiggling ass.
She found the phone in the pocket of her shorts. She smiled brightly. "It's Alex. He's on his way home and wants to meet at his place." She started pulling on the shorts.
"Calico, do you want to get cleaned up, honey?" Jan's maternal instinct always turned him on.
"Oh no, Jan." Calico took down the phone camera and tapped it off. "We can't have him thinking I moped around all day until I was picked up on the street by two good-looking strangers who fucked me senseless."
"So, instead?" he asked.
"Instead, I'll let him be surprised when he discovers I'm covered in Jan's cum when he kisses me, then that I'm full of your cum while he eats me. But I won't tell him you were strangers."
"Ah," he nodded, "Big difference."
"And we're not strangers anymore," Jan stood up to give Calico a hug and a kiss on her lips. "I'm your dear friend Jan, and this is Lover. Or... Daddy, depending on the moment."
"I can't wait to show this to Granny-Aunt. She is going to cream her support hose."
He handed her his business card. "That has my email, and mobile number so you can send us the video when you get a chance."
Calico studied the card, then typed on her phone a bit before we all heard the woosh. "Done."
His phone chirped. "Got it."
Jan reached for the phone, "Lemesee lemesee lemesee"
"I like this exhibitionist streak. Maybe we should try sex in a public park on a weekend."
"Or maybe you should get some cameras for every room in your house to record us in whichever room we find ourselves fucking?"
"Not in the guest bathroom."
"No, I suppose that would be rude."
Calico was reaching for the door. "Jan, thanks for stopping to make sure I was OK. Lover, thanks for being such a great Daddy."
"Do you need us to get you a ride share?"
"No," she pulled a different business card from her pants pocket. "I'll call my friend Laura. Maybe I'll have another surprise for Alex." She held up two crossed fingers and stepped out the door.
Calico dialed the number on the business card, It rang twice.
"Hello?"
'Laura, it's Calico from this morning, I've finished my Thoughtful Montage and I need a ride to my boyfriend's house."
"Sure, pick you up where I dropped you off?"
Actually I'm at a small motel across town from there. I'll text you my location."
"A motel. That sounds promising."
"It was incredible"
"I want all the details"
"Better than that, I have video. You can watch it if you promise you're not a reporter from Texas."
"I am not."
"OK then, I'll show you when you get here."
"Just a ride, or...?"
"Why don't you come inside with me at home and we'll see where it goes."
"On my way,"
Calico hung up the phone, feeling like her depraved little world was back the way it belonged.