I guess you could say the day after the "pretend girlfriend act" was a little tense around the house. Although I told Elise I was okay, everyone could tell I was pissed and stayed out of my way. I'm a pretty easy going guy and don't hold onto things for long so by Sunday I was already feeling better.
Jeff apologized for the whole evening, but conveniently claimed he was too drunk to remember much of what happened. He said he remembered Sara and Elise making out for a little bit then the next thing he says he remembers is waking up naked in bed with Elise. He fully agreed it looked bad but he was sure they didn't do anything.
Elise is sticking to her story. She says that after playing with Sara, she went to bed with Jeff and they pretended to be a couple but it was all acting.
I needed an independent third party, so I called up Sara and asked her what happened. Sara admitted that she had sex with Elise and that Elise assured her it would be okay. When I asked her about Jeff and Elise she said the two of them looked very awkward and not totally believable together, so she wouldn't be at all surprised if they didn't really have sex but was impossible to tell.
I'm not exactly sure what to believe, but for now I'm going with Elise as Sara somewhat confirms her story. She's always been open with me but I've also resigned myself to the fact that I'll probably never know exactly what happened in the bedroom.
Like I said, by Sunday things were getting back to normal. Once she determined I wasn't angry anymore, Elise was her regular super affectionate self with me and was playfully flirting again with Shawn and Matt. She really didn't pay much attention to Jeff that I noticed, she was more acting like a polite roommate to him rather than a friend.
The five of us were sitting in the living room. I was watching the morning soccer matches from England with Shawn and Matt while Elise cuddled up to me and read a woman's fitness magazine. Jeff pretended to watch TV, but for the most part I think he was watching Elise.
Elise didn't bother getting fully dressed after our morning sex romp, she just threw on a long t-shirt that came down just below her butt and didn't bother with panties or a bra. She looked really cute and actually was way more covered than she usually was around the guys.
My phone buzzed and I took a quick look at who was texting me. It was a picture from Sara.
Sara: Chillin by the pool. Hope to see you soon.
The picture looked like it was taken recently by someone, probably Scott, at a public pool or water park. Sara was wearing a basic red bikini, not really scandalous, but still pretty revealing just as a normal bikini is. I have to admit, she looked really, really, good. Way better than she did in high school.
"Who texted you?" Elise asked casually.
"Sara," I replied handing her the phone so she could see the picture.
"Oh. She looks really nice," Elise replied handing me the phone back.
"Think I should text her back?" I teased.
Elise had a big smile on her face, "You totally should, it's lots of fun! Just don't send a dick picture."
I laughed, "Why would I send her a picture of my dick?"
"Well, I know you guys like it when I send you pictures of my pussy, but girls are different. Don't send one unless they specifically ask for it," she explained.
Jeff had a shocked look on his face. I guess he didn't know about Elise sending nudes to Shawn and Matt. Well, he knew now and looked pissed that he wasn't included in the fun.
I sent a quick reply of "nice pic, you look amazing" to Sara and told Elise I'd send a photo later.
Jeff didn't seem at all pleased at what was going on.
"Why's Sara's texting you?" he asked.
"Why not?" I replied, irritated that he was questioning me on it. "Apparently I'm single remember?" I didn't bother telling Jeff that Sara knew it was all pretend.
"Yeah, that makes perfect sense to me. I can totally see girls texting you if they thought you were single," Elise agreed.
"Yeah, I guess," Jeff mumbled. "But, Elise, doesn't it bother you that another woman is texting your boyfriend?"
"Why would it? It's just a text." Elise seemed completely confused by the question.
Jeff mumbled something to himself while we resumed watching TV and Elise went back to her fitness magazine. I was more than a little annoyed that Jeff was the one acting jealous, if anyone had that right it was me.
"Elise," I said, wanting to ask her about what she just said about texting. "When you said you send pussy pics to us guys..."
"Oh yeah," Elise blushed slightly. "About that. I know you didn't want me to send them to anyone else, but sometimes I got the pictures mixed up and a few times I accidently sent the really special ones to Shawn and Matt instead of you."
I hung my head, she had been sending me some really explicit photos lately.
"So," she continued, "I just thought it would be easier to send everyone the same ones, that way no mistakes could be made. Sorry if that makes you mad. I thought it was a good idea at the time. No big deal right?"
My mind raced through all the recent photos. There was the one of her spreading apart her butt cheeks, or the close-up of her fingering her pussy showing me how wet she was. Please don't tell me she sent them the one of the hairbrush handle in her pussy.
I didn't reply, I just sighed which Elise took as an "It's okay."
"Thank you for being so understanding," Elise said and gave me a quick kiss. "It was really embarrassing for me at first but the guys were really cool about it. They told me not to worry because they'll just delete the ones that are too dirty and meant for you."
I looked over to Shawn and Matt, they just smiled and shrugged their shoulders.
Elise went back to her magazine and I tried to focus on the game.
"Hunny?" Elise said breaking the silence once she saw a break in the game. "Do you think I have abs of iron?" She was poking her belly with her finger and frowning.
"They're perfect," I replied, "don't worry about the magazine." Elise was always overly concerned with her body and tended to believe anything a magazine would point out.
She reached up and gave me another soft kiss, "You really are the best."
Elise went back to reading, flipping to a new article, a happy content smile on her face.
"What about my bum?" She asked after a few minutes, "Do I have buns of steel?"
"What are you reading?" I asked, "Everyone here knows you have a perfect body."
"Do we?" Shawn asked laughing.
Elise got a worried look on her face. "Shawn, what's wrong with my bum?"
"Oh, nothing," he replied with a half-smile, "but it's not exactly steel. I remember it being more like jello."
"What!?" Elise exclaimed jumping up off the sofa. "Jello?"
"Same with your abs. Come here, I'll show you what I mean," Shawn said.
I was going to protest but after nearly a month of this behavior I found it really didn't make much of a difference, so I decided to see where it would go. It was hard to tell with Elise how much was innocent naivety and how much was willful exhibitionism. But there was no doubt showing off skin got her really warmed up and I was the lucky guy who got to help her burn off her sexual energy.
Elise walked warily to where Shawn was sitting and stood nervously in front of him.
Shawn poked her a couple times in the belly.
Elise giggled, "That tickles."
Shawn frowned, "A little soft, I bet we can't even see the abs even if you flex."
"Sure you can, look," Elise exclaimed and lifted her shirt to her chest, exposing her flat stomach and obviously revealing her lack of underwear. I could see her concentrating as she tried to flex her ab muscles.
Shawn gave her a good look up and down, then nodded. "Yeah, your belly is pretty good."
Elise gave a satisfied smile and lowered her shirt. "See, Kevin was right," she said proudly.
"Turn around," Shawn said making a stirring motion with his finger.
Elise spun around.
"Maybe on the abs, but this is what I really mean," Shawn said poking my girlfriends butt with his finger. You really couldn't see any movement. Except for Elise swaying from the pressure.
"I don't see any jiggle," I commented, "Elise's ass is perfect."
"Maybe, maybe not," Shawn said, "but it's hard to tell with the shirt in the way."
"Show me what you mean," Elise said worriedly again lifting her shirt and now exposing her bare ass, "I don't want a jello bum."
"Bent over a little, and don't flex," Shawn scolded. "This needs to be a real test."
Elise did as she was asked, her butt now in Shawn's face.
"Bend over a little more, and spread your legs wider," Shawn instructed.
Elise again did what she was told, brazenly exposing herself further to my smirking roommate.
"This is what I mean," Shawn said as he gave her a playful swat on the ass.
Elise jumped and gave a little yelp. My startled girlfriend turned and started hitting Shawn all the while laughing and calling him an asshole.
Jeff got up and left the room announcing, "You guys are idiots" as he left.
"What's his problem?" Matt asked.
Elise finished inspecting the big red handprint on her ass then replied to Matt, "I think he's mad that I won't be his real girlfriend."
"What?" we all replied in unison.
"What did he say? Why would you think that?" I asked.
Elise turned to me, "He said, 'Will you be my real girlfriend?'"
"When did this happen?" I asked stunned. Matt and Shawn looked surprised as well.
"Yesterday," Elise said sitting down beside me. "He told me he had a really fun time with me and thought we had a connection. He promised he'd treat me really good and wouldn't show me off to other guys like you do. I told him he was really sweet for asking, but I just didn't feel the same way about him. I insisted that I was really happy in my relationship and wasn't going to break up with you. He seemed pretty hurt after that."
This wasn't something I expected from Jeff. I could see Matt and Shawn trying to secretly bed Elise for a night if they got the chance, but not actually try to steal her away.
"What? Why didn't you tell me?" was all I managed to get out. No wonder Elise was being cool to Jeff.
"Well, I get asked out all the time, I just don't want to bother you with it. It used to make my last boyfriend really jealous so I got in the habit of keeping some things to myself. I'm so glad you're not jealous like that," Elise explained.
It's not too surprising a girl as hot as Elise gets asked out a lot. I just thought she'd mention Jeff since I was good friends with him and living in the same house.
"I guess it's for the best I'm moving out today," Elise sighed, "I really liked staying here too."
"You're moving out!" the guys gasped.
"Oh, sorry I didn't tell you. My world's been kinda crazy lately. My landlord called yesterday and said my place is finally fixed up. I just need to finish packing my stuff up then Kevin is taking me back to my place."
Shawn and Matt looked at each other. You could clearly tell that they weren't too happy about this news, but they were determined to make the best of it.
"Well, we can't let you go without the traditional going away lunch," Shawn announced.
"Takeout from Tasty Burger?" Matt inquired.
"Of course, nowhere better," Shawn replied, "my treat."
I could already feel my mouth watering, Tasty Burger was the best burger place in town.
"If you're paying I'll have a number four combo," I said.
"Got it," Shawn said. Turning to Elise, "what would you like?"
Elise thought for a moment, "I don't know, do they have like a veggie burger or a salad?"
We all rolled our eyes. One does not go to Tasty Burger and order a salad.
"If you don't know, I'm taking you with me and you can decide there." Shawn quickly grabbed Elise and effortlessly tossed her over his shoulder and started walking down the hall.
Elise was giggling and kicking her feet, her ass fully on display to Matt and me. "Let me go! I can't go like this!" she laughed.
"You're fine, it's casual dress," Shawn said as he opened the door and headed outside.
Elise shrieked and laughed as Shawn carried her to his car. Luckily the street was empty because her butt would be exposed to anyone walking or driving by.
Shawn tossed Elise in the front passenger seat and ran around to the driver's side while Matt hopped in the back.
"Hurry Kevin, I'm being kidnapped," Elise laughed.
"Wait! I'm coming!" I called out, I found one shoe and for the life of me couldn't find the other.
"Sorry Kevin," Shawn called out as he backed out of the driveway, "Tasty Burgers wait for no man!"
The car was already a few houses down the street by the time I got to the end of the driveway. For a moment I thought they were actually going to wait for me as the car briefly came to a stop. Unfortunately there was no such luck.
The rear window rolled down and I heard another shriek followed by Matt tossing Elise's t-shirt out the window before the car sped off down the street.
I jogged down to where they stopped and picked up her shirt. Shaking my head I returned to the house, hoping the guys would return soon with my now naked girlfriend.
About ten minutes later I received a text with photo from Shawn.
Shawn: Back in 10. Just waiting for the food.
Attached was a picture of Elise, completely naked and sitting on the counter at the Tasty Burger with a smiling cashier beside her. She looked to be both completely embarrassed and yet completely loving it at the same time.
Shawn: She's making your order now.
A second photo followed of her, still fully nude but now behind the counter squirting mayonnaise on a burger bun. She had two little circles of ketchup around her nipples and it looked like she couldn't stop laughing.
"This should be an interesting story," I thought as I sat down and waited for them to return, not happy about this turn of events.
I didn't have to wait long before the front door opened and my naked girlfriend sprinted to the couch giggling and laughing like crazy. She dove to the spot beside me and held me tight.
"My god! I can't believe I did that!" she said with the biggest smile. Her face was still flushed with either embarrassment or excitement, maybe both, and she was breathing heavy.
Shawn and Matt came in a moment later carrying the burgers, fries and drinks. They looked like they had a fun time with Elise.
"So you going to tell me the story or do I have to guess what went on?" I asked as I grabbed my burger and fries from Matt.
"It was so funny," Elise said as she caught her breath. "We got in the car and my shirt was all bunched up. I was complaining that they could see everything."
She grabbed a bottle of cola then continued with a big smile, "Matt made a joke that it wasn't true, and he couldn't see everything. So I quickly lifted my shirt to flash my boobs as a joke. Before I knew it, Matt grabbed my shirt and pulled it right off me and tossed it out the window!"
Matt and Shawn sat down to relive the telling of the adventure.
"I was so embarrassed. I had to scrunch down really low so nobody could see me." Elise started laughing uncontrollably again and had to pause a minute before she could continue. "Shawn was being a complete ass and driving real slow beside a car full of guys. I was sooo scared they were going to see me. I kept yelling, 'Go faster!' but Shawn pretended he couldn't hear me." Elise was having giggle fits again.
"I found your shirt," I said handing it to my still naked girlfriend while she composed herself.
"Oh, thanks for getting it for me, it's one of my favorites." Elise set it on the couch beside her, I guess she wasn't going to bother putting it on.
"So anyway," she continued, "we eventually made it to the restaurant then Shawn made me come in to choose my meal."
I raised my eyebrow, "Made you?"
Elise smiled, "Well, I didn't want to stay in the car naked and alone. He parked far from the door so I needed to sprint through the parking lot."
Shawn spoke up, "We checked out the place first. It was empty and Carl was the only one working so it was completely safe."
I knew Carl, he was a good guy and wouldn't get Elise in trouble.
Elise spoke excitedly again, "I couldn't believe I did it. It was so crazy being naked in public like that. You saw some the pictures Shawn took right?"
I smiled and nodded wondering about the pictures I didn't see.
"We were having fun taking pictures and stuff while Carl made our order, but then another car pulled up. Carl had to sneak me out the back with Matt while Shawn pulled the car around," Elise said quickly, "I was sure I was going to get caught but we got away!"
"Sounds like Carl got quite the unexpected show today," I laughed.
Elise blushed, "Yeah, you could say that."
"Elise, you should tell him what you did with the soda bottles," Shawn laughed.
I looked at my drink then back to my girlfriend.
Elise gasped, "I did not! Running around naked in the restaurant and posing for you guys is bad enough without you making up things!"
"I've got pictures," Shawn teased.
"I only put the bottle near my pussy for the photo," Elise explained and started giggling again.
She didn't sound very convincing with the giggle, but I told her I believed her.
Elise gave me a big hug, "You're the super best. I love that you let me do crazy things and don't overreact anymore. All my other boyfriends would have flipped out."
"Are you going to get dressed?" I asked pointing to her shirt.
"Do you mind if I stay naked just a little longer? I promised Shawn and Matt I would. I'll be back at my place soon and I'm going to miss our nude beach and being so free," she looked at me with a pleading little smile.
I sighed, I seemed to be doing that a lot these days, and gave in. I didn't think a little more nudity was going to make much of a difference at this point. "Yeah, sure," I replied.
I couldn't get over how comfortable Elise had gotten with nudity over the last few weeks. Being naked with me in the bedroom is one thing, but naked in front of my roommates and now at a restaurant was a completely different level.
Elise finished her burger then stretched out on the sofa to relax. She placed her arms behind her head and rested it on my lap, she smiled as she looked up at me. A small stray strand of hair had come loose from her ponytail and rested across her nose. Elise attempted to blow it away a couple times but finally gave up, content to leave it there.
She casually raised one leg and let it rest on the back of the sofa, the other she let slip from the seat cushion and dangle to the floor. Elise moved so naturally and casually you'd just think she was stretching or getting comfortable but to me it seemed obvious she wanted to give Shawn and Matt one more look at her whole body before she moved out. I had a feeling she was really going to miss showing off. I just hoped she would be able to control her urges when I wasn't around to keep an eye on her.
The four of us talked for a while and relived the funny moments of the last few weeks until I reminded Elise we needed to finish packing up.
Shawn and Matt offered to help pack up boxes and load up the car, Elise was happy to accept their help so we all headed off to my bedroom. I was happy for the help as well to be honest, Elise has a lot of stuff.
Elise had already pulled most of her clothes and other personal things from the drawers and closet and placed them in a great pile in the middle of the bed.
"For someone who wears so little, you sure have a lot of clothes," Matt exclaimed.
"Yeah well, you know I do need to go to school and work, can't exactly do that naked," Elise replied as she tried to find something to put on.
"Apparently you can go to restaurants nude though," Matt laughed.
Elise blushed a little. "I think that might be a one-time thing... "
My girlfriend found a pair of yoga pants and short t-shirt that she was happy with and got dressed while Matt and I started filling suitcases and duffle bags with Elise's belongings. For whatever reason Shawn seemed more interested in snooping than packing.
"Hey what's this?" Shawn said, holding up a large pink dildo. Shawn had stumbled upon a bag containing Elise's small collection of sex toys. "I thought you were happy with Kevin," he teased.
"Hey, give me that," Elise said snatching it away. "I'm very happy with Kevin, but he's not always around and sometimes a girl's got needs," she added shyly.
"I thought that was what I was for," Shawn laughed.
Elise rolled her eyes, "Yeah, you wish."
"What else you got in here," Shawn started rummaging through the bag, keeping it out of the reach of a red faced Elise. "How does this work?" he said holding up a small U shaped device.
"It works very well thank you," Elise said.
"What is it?" Shawn asked.
"It's a remote controlled vibrator," she said finally taking the device from Shawn. "This part goes inside me, and this part comes around the front and presses on my pelvis holding it in place. There should be a small black remote in the bag too."
"How about an actual demonstration," Matt suggested.
Elise looked shocked for a moment.
"Let me explain," Matt continued, "I've been dating this chick and she complains she can only cum with a vibrator, but she's been having problems finding one she likes. Maybe this would work for her, I just wouldn't know how to explain it."
That was the lamest excuse I had ever heard, I couldn't see Elise buying it.
Elise's face softened, "That is the sweetest thing I have ever heard! That's so cool that you're concerned for her pleasure."
I was wrong once again.
Elise's expression turned to a shy smile. "I guess I can show you if Kevin is okay with it."
Both the guys and Elise looked at me. I wish I had the strength to say no, but of all the things Elise and I have done together, watching her get off with a vibrator wasn't one of them. I didn't even know she owned this as she hid her toys and rarely liked to masturbate in front of me.
"Okay, but no touching Elise," I said firmly.
Shawn and Matt gave each other a high five, "This is going to be great!"
"Okay, give me a minute to get ready," Elise said. I could see her turning a light shade of red again. She was embarrassed but I could tell she wanted to do it.
Elise cleared a spot on the bed, slipped off her pants and sat down on the edge. She didn't look at us as she opened a small bottle of lube and smeared it on one half of the U shaped vibrator. Elise carefully inserted the device inside her pussy and made sure it was secure in place. "Sometimes I need to wear panties to make sure it stays in place, but I think we'll be okay," she explained. "I want you to be able to see."
"So who has the remote?" Elise asked as she reclined on the bed, raising her knees and spreading her legs.
Shawn held up the small black remote control.
"Okay start slow, it's painful if you start too fast at too high a setting," Elise warned Shawn.
Shawn turned the remote on and set it to 1. Almost immediately Elise's eyes started to glaze over.
"Yes like that," she panted. Elise closed her eyes and started humming softly. "Oh, that's so nice. Just leave it like that for a moment."
My roommates and I watched closely as the half-naked Elise moaned softly and squirmed on the bed. It was incredibly hot.
"God, it's getting hot in here," Elise said as she pulled off her shirt, leaving her nude once again.
"Give me a little more power," she said after a minute. "It feels good but I'm never going to cum on 1."
Shawn turned it to 3, we definitely wanted to see her cum.
Elise gave a little squeak and adjusted to the increased sensations. "More..." she begged.
"Let me try," Matt said. Shawn handed the small remote to Matt and he turned it to 5.
"Oh fuck!" Elise cried as her eyes shot open. She put one hand on the vibrator to make sure it stayed in place. "Faster Matt..."
Matt switched it to 7. Elise shook and jerked on the bed, her mouth wide open as she moaned.
"Give it to Kevin..." she gasped. "Put it on full... Kevin, make me cum."
Matt handed me the control and I put it to 10.
"Oh god! Kevin, I'm going to cum," Elise practically screamed. "You're making me cum."
Elise stared into my eyes as her orgasm hit, she let out a huge grunt and kicked her legs as pleasure overtook her.
"Okay, that's enough," she pleaded as she finished cumming, "please turn it off."
I turned the remote off as Elise lay spent on the bed. When she regained her senses, she carefully removed the vibrator and set it aside. Elise remained on the bed, her legs still wide open. You could see how wet and swollen her pussy was from the lube and all her own juices.
"Shawn, Matt, can you excuse us a minute? I really need Kevin's cock right now." Elise asked the guys, still not bothering to cover up or even close her legs.
"Uh, yeah, of course," they said still a little dazed from the show.
They barely had the door closed before my pants were down and I was all over Elise.
"Fuck me hard," she whispered, "don't worry about me, I'm so hot I'm going to cum really fast."
I plunged into her soaking pussy. Elise wrapped her legs and arms around me, locking me in place and pulling me into her as deeply as possible.
I knew I couldn't last long, she was squeezing her pussy making it almost impossibly tight.
"Come on! Fuck me!" she hissed. "Harder!"
I slammed into her, over and over again. Elise's beautiful face was the picture of pure ecstasy, as her next orgasm exploded like fireworks inside her.
"Elise baby, I'm going to cum," I grunted.
"That's it, cum in me, fill me up baby," she whispered.
I felt like I was cumming forever, I shot over and over again into her waiting pussy as she held me close.
"My god Kevin, you're so good," Elise sighed, "no man has ever made me cum the way you do."
We rested for a few moments before cleaning ourselves up and finishing the packing.
"I can't believe Shawn and Matt watched me cum," Elise giggled as we got the last box packed. "Maybe it's best I am leaving, who knows what would end up happening if I stayed."
Shawn and Matt disappeared for a little while with the car, but they helped me load it up when they got back while Elise gave a tearful goodbye.
"I'm going to miss you guys, it was really fun staying here. Thanks for letting me stay," Elise gave both Matt and Shawn a big hug.
"We got you a little going away present," Shawn smiled holding up a little box.
Elise's face lit up, "Really? A present for me?"
Elise opened the box and looked inside, "You guys are amazing! This is perfect!"
"Just a little thing to help you and Kevin, and us of course, stay in touch," Shawn said smiling.
Elise held the little webcam proudly. "I'll get Kevin to hook it up right away," she said. "Thank you so much."
The house Elise rented with her roommate wasn't too far away, about a fifteen minute drive, it was just far enough that you couldn't just quickly walk over. The four of us roommates shared a car so it wasn't always easy to go and visit on a moment's notice. From that standpoint the webcam was a pretty cool gift even if I knew Shawn and Matt probably had ulterior motives. I'd deal with that later if things got out of control, probably as successfully as I've dealt with everything else up to this point.
Emily, my girlfriend's impossibly cute roommate, was already at the house and mostly unpacked by the time we arrived. When I look at Elise, my reaction might be something about how smoking hot or beautiful she is. My reaction to Emily is, "Wow she's cute." She's the epitome of the girl-next-door you had your first crush on.
Emily had wavy shoulder length brunette hair that always seemed a little messy but in a way that perfectly framed her slightly round pretty face. It would be really unfair to say she was overweight, but she had softer curves than Elise and maybe a slight belly but it's nothing any guy would ever complain about. Her breasts were a nice size too, they were large but well suited her frame. I found it hard to believe she was single, I was actually considering trying to set her up with Jeff but after he tried to steal Elise this weekend I wasn't in a very generous mood.
Elise and Emily met each other at the door with smiles, excited shrieks, and a big hug. I always found it hilarious how touchy feely Elise and her friends were.
Emily greeted me with a hug as well, it was good seeing her again. We hadn't managed to get together since Elise moved in to my place. I felt my cock stir as she pressed her soft breasts against me during the lingering hug. I let the two girls get caught up on things while I unloaded a seemingly endless collection of boxes and bags from the car. It really was hard to believe one person could have so much stuff.
The two girls would talk excitedly to each other but quiet down to whispers as I passed by. I assumed they were either talking about Elise's adventures, or girl stuff, or guys, or something else they didn't really want me to hear. I only got snippets of conversations, like "so did he ask you out?" or "oh my, that's so hot" or even better "wow, Kevin really lets you do that?"
I never really did catch on to what they were talking about, they seemed to have a sixth sense about when I was near.
I finally got everything unloaded and moved to Elise's room so I could sit down for a well-deserved moment of rest. I even managed to get the webcam configured to work with the computer in her bedroom. It wasn't easy, but it was done.
Elise and Emily joined me in the living room where my girlfriend sat on my lap, put her arms around me and gave me a big kiss for helping out so much. That's all the thanks I needed.
The girls had a lot of unpacking to do, so I was going to head home early tonight and leave them to their stuff. Today was a pretty crazy day and I was more than happy to go home and rest up for the week of school that was awaiting me. I just wanted to enjoy the girls company for a little while first. It was a nice change having a couple girls to myself.
Emily was as sweet as ever as we chatted, and maybe it was my imagination but I got the impression she may have even been flirting with me. You know, the subtle signs, the hair flip, the shy smile, the touch of the arm or leg when she's talking to me. It might be all in my head, but having a hot girlfriend seems to bring out the attention of other women. Don't ask me why, but I've seen it a lot since being with Elise.
Finally it was time to go and I gave them both a hug goodbye before heading home for the night. I couldn't help but notice Emily held the hug a little longer than normal.
It felt odd climbing into my own bed alone for the first time in weeks. I was definitely going to miss spending time with Elise. I didn't think I was going to miss all the drama and craziness my roommates provided, but it did lead to amazing daily sex and I'd probably be getting a little less of that.
I glanced at my phone and remembered I was going to send Sara a picture, Elise was pushing me to do it and reminded me again before I left. I took off my shirt, sucked in my gut and tried to look as presentable as possible. After a couple tries I think I found a picture that I looked pretty good in and sent it off.
I wondered if Sara would reply, and if she did when. It didn't have to wait long. My phone buzzed after only a couple minutes.
Sara: Looking good ;)
Sara: Why only shirtless lol.
A picture came in shortly after, Sara was still dressed but had pulled down her shorts showing off her fantastic ass in a small black thong.
Sara: Hopefully Elise doesn't mind me sending these :)
Sara: Do you want more?
I replied back I'd be happy to see more.
Sara: I'll show you as much as you show me :)
I joking replied that I already sent her a topless pic and that I'd text her again later, but was tired and going to bed now.
I smiled and lay down to go to sleep when my phone buzzed again. I thought it was from Sara again but was happily surprised to see it was from Elise. I opened the message and picture and almost dropped my phone.
Elise: I told Emily about the selfies and she thought it sounded like fun. What'cha think?
The two girls were standing with their arms around each other in front of their full length mirror, both completely naked except for Emily who was only wearing her Converse runners. Emily was everything I thought she'd be and I smiled. I thought back to my cute babysitter I had when I was a kid, I used to fantasize what she looked like naked. Emily was exactly what I imagined. She was unbearably cute as she blushed slightly and wouldn't look directly at the camera.
I saved the picture to my computer, it was definitely a keeper. Even if Elise wasn't staying with me right now, I think I was still going to have a lot of fun.