This is a revised version that incorporates many of your helpful comments. Thank you all!
These are only some suggested plot lines to get your female character's clothes off. Once she's naked, the rest is up to you.
My list is by no means definitive. Feel free to add more suggestions in the comments.
Accidental Exposure: she experiences an unfortunate series of wardrobe malfunctions.
Always Naked: 1) she decides to refuse to wear clothing; 2) she's allergic to clothing; 3) she pretends to be semi-religious about nudity when caught naked.
Art Class: she poses nude for an art class. Either the poses get especially naughty and/or someone she knows is taking the class.
Art Show: she becomes the nude exhibit in an art show.
Auction: she agrees to auction off her clothes, often for charity. (See: Naked for Charity.)
Audition: she must try out for a part in a movie, a play, or for a photographer by getting naked.
Bath/Shower Interruption: she's walked in while she's bathing or just getting out.
Casual Nudity: she basically shrugs and just gets naked.
Caught Naked: she innocently decides to do something without her clothes. She gets caught.
College: 1) there are new rules in which female students and even professors must be naked; 2) there are sociological experiments in which students of both sexes go nude; 3) coeds strip for their professors; 4) sorority hazing requires nudity. (See also "Girl's School.)
Contaminated: 1) her clothes are contaminated or radioactive so they must come off; 2) she's entering a secret facility and has to strip and even shower.
Contest: she participates in some kind of naughty contest; wet t-shirt and bikini contests are popular. To win, she has to strip naked.
Dared: she accepts a dare to do something naked in public, often from teasing girlfriends.
Delivery Dare: she answers the door nude, or partially nude. Often pretends she just stepped from the shower, wrapped in a towel.
Dressing Room: 1) she notices someone gawking at her as she changes so she puts on a show; 2) she steps out, half-dressed or nude.
Exhibitionist/Flashing: the classic tales of women who get off flashing or appearing nude in public. Includes "dogging:" performing sex acts in a car while being watched.
Fantasy: she acts out her fantasy of being a stripper or a slave girl or anything else that requires nudity in front of an admirer.
Fire Alarm/Emergency: she is forced to run out of a building nude or semi-nude due to an emergency evacuation.
Foreign Country/Native Tribe: 1) she visits a mythical foreign country where women must be nude; 2) she must work with a remote native tribe that demands female nudity.
Girl's School: she goes to a special school for college-age girls that teaches girls all about sex.
Heat/No Air: 1) she starts stripping in a building in which there's no working air conditioning; 2) she strips outside on a hot day, maybe on a hiking or camping trip.
House Guest/Roommate: she is used to puttering around the house nude or semi-nude. She has to get a new male used to her habits.
Job Interview: she takes off her clothes to get a job, although the job does not require nudity.
Lab Volunteer: she finds out volunteering for a lab experiment requires nudity and more.
Lingerie Fashion Show: she is talked into a usually private show in which she models more and more revealing lingerie. There are often men involved which makes her blush and get excited.
Locked Out Naked: a version of 'Caught naked.' She's often caught by someone who has some fun with her.
Lost Bet: she loses a bet and must pay with her clothing.
Massage: 1) she gets a massage which requires nudity and becomes erotic; 2) she takes a job as a masseuse in which her nudity is expected and gets bigger tips.
Medical School Volunteer: she has to get naked and display herself, often to horny male students.
Naked for Charity. She agrees to strip and be naked to help out with fundraising for a charity. She often has an embarrassing nude assignment such as collecting pledges naked.
Naked News: 1) she becomes a Naked News girl; 2) as a news girl, she does assignments in which she gets naked such as going to a nude resort or an amateur striptease contest.
Nude Beach: she decides to lose her inhibitions (along with her bikini) on a clothing optional beach.
Nudist Colony/Resort: she often is unaware that the resort she's staying at or her new job there requires nudity.
Nude on Stage: she must appear nude— for theatre, music, dance— she does a nude performance acting, performing, or dancing.
Outdoor Games: she agrees to participate in some kind of nude or stripping outdoor game. Nude paintball or a naked hunt are possibilities.
Party: 1) she is required to be nude at a CMNF party (Clothed Male, Naked Female); 2) she strips to liven up a party; 3) a party where everyone of both sexes strips; 4) she is paid to be a nude hostess or a naked treat.
Photographer: she poses nude, leading to all kinds of sexual situations.
Physical Exam: a routine medical exam becomes intimate; she's often unwillingly exposed to others while undressed.
Pretending to be Hypnotized: she plays along as an excuse to get undressed in front of others. Related: she pretends to be sleepwalking nude or semi-nude.
Protest: she strips or goes nude to draw attention to a cause, to try to make a point, or to show solidarity with other women.
Public Nudity: 1) she takes advantage of "new rules" that allow women to go nude in public; 2) she's filmed or photographed walking around nude.
Reward: a female manager or a teacher gradually takes off her clothes to reward good performance.
Reporter: she must strip naked to get an interview. (See also "Naked News.)
Runway Model: she takes up modeling but discovers she won't be wearing much in the way of fashion.
Sex Club: she joins a sex club in which women undress or are undressed.
Sexy Maid: to make extra money, she really cleans up as a French maid, or in her lingerie, or even nude.
Shopping: she gets a discount or free stuff if she shops or checks out naked.
Skinny Dipping: she goes naked swimming and is often caught or loses her clothes. Includes swimming in a pool in front of others without her suit.
Social Pressure: she takes off her clothes because all the other girls are nude.
Spills/Dirt on Clothes: 1) she spills something on her clothes; 2) she has to take off her pretty dress before it gets dirty; things go downhill from there.
Streaking: she runs naked in public.
Strip Game: she plays a game such as a trivia contest or an actual sport like tennis in which she loses an article of clothing for each miss.
Strip Poker: she is a participant or a hostess. Participants gradually lose their clothes; a hostess could start out nude or partially nude.
Striptease: she gradually takes off her clothes as entertainment, usually on stage in front of an admiring crowd. She can go professional or just join an amateur contest.
Sunbathing: she decides to sunbathe nude-- not on a nude beach.
Talked into it: she is talked into nudity, perhaps by a male who is already walking around nude.
Waitress: she works topless or nude at a bar or a restaurant, or maybe a private event.
Voyeur: classic tales of a woman being watched. She is unaware; or she becomes aware; or she's secretly putting on a show.
Weather Girl: she starts out in bikinis to show it's gonna be hot, then she wears less and less clothing as the ratings go up.
Work: 1) new rules allow for nude female employees— all the time or on special days; 2) female employees agree to work mostly nude modeling accessories or adult items; 3) there's a secret area or program in the company where female employees can get ahead by working nude and providing sexual services; 4) she agrees to gradually strip or work totally nude after making a costly mistake; 5) she strips to get a raise.