This is the third story in a series about a young couple's sexual awakening. In this third part, Beth and Rich spend a few days at an adults only nudist colony with their parents. They learn some things about themselves, and they learn their parents are not at all what they thought they were.
About a year after their trip to Hawaii with their parents Rich and Beth found themselves on a plane flying back to Cleveland, where they had grown up, and their parents still lived. Rich's father and Beth's father were both turning 50, and their parents had asked Rich and Beth to come to Cleveland to help them celebrate.
Rich had been working for much of the flight, reviewing the deposition transcript of a key witness for a piece of litigation. Beth was deeply into a novel. About an hour out of Cleveland Rich finished a memo summarizing his findings. He shut his laptop and looked over at Beth. Her long, thick, red hair was pulled back and tied in a knot atop her head. She was wearing jeans and a white T-shirt that hugged her full breasts. "My god she is beautiful," Rich thought.
His mind drifted back to the night before. After he got home from work they had wandered around their apartment naked, teasing each other for at least an hour. Eventually he couldn't take it any longer. He picked her up kicking and shrieking, "No, Rich, not now! Dinner will burn."
He threw her down on the bed on her back. Pushing her legs apart, he planted his face in her pussy. As he began to lick, her shrieks turned to groans. He took his time eating her. Licking her pussy lips, finger-fucking her, and just occasionally letting his tongue stroke her hard, little clit. Before long she was begging him to finish her off. He kept her hanging on the edge of her climax for at least half an hour. Every time he sensed she was about to fall off the edge he moved his face from her pussy up to her swollen stiff nipples. He sucked and pulled on her nipples, keeping her fully aroused, but when he sensed her breathing returning to something nearer to normal he would return to his assault on her clit.
Eventually he abandoned his oral approach altogether and pulled himself up between her spread legs to jam his raging hard-on into her cunt. He knew that neither of them could last long, so he just fucked her as hard and fast as he could while Beth flexed the strong muscles in her core and legs to push her hips up to meet each thrust. They were like a pair of animals focused on nothing but fucking. Both quickly came to orgasm with groans and screams that could likely be heard out in the street. That was when they smelled the smoke.
Yes, the sex had been hot, but the smoke was coming from the burning dinner. They salvaged what they could, but they both had to admit that the inexpensive bottle of wine Rich had brought home was the high point of the meal. They ate what there was and quickly cleaned up the kitchen. The rest of the evening was spent sucking and fucking. Eventually they packed for their trip, and after just a few hours sleep (and a quickie in the morning that almost made them miss their flight) they had begun their trip to Cleveland.
Ever since take-off he had been deeply engaged in the files he was reading on his laptop and she in her novel. Now he could feel his cock beginning to stir as he stared at her tits and thought about how much he liked to fondle them and suck on her nipples.
"Are you reading some of your 'mommy porn,'" he asked.
Beth looked up at him and smiled. "Absolutely not," she said with a touch of mock outrage. "I'm reading Tolstoy—Anna Karenina."
"Ugh," he said. "No sex in that."
"Sure there is," she said. "It's all about her adulterous affair."
"Yeah, but it's hardly as graphic as the books you usually read."
"True," she conceded with a smile, "but I picked it because I'm preparing for our visit to our parents. We are going to have to be celibate for a week. Remember Hawaii?"
His cock stirred again as he thought of how they had screwed on the beach while another couple did the same and watched them, and how they had screwed in their room at the condo at Poipu while they listened to their parents having sex in the rooms on either side of them.
Rich chuckled. "Are you kidding. Listening to our parents fuck themselves silly on either side of us while we did the same was one of the most erotic experiences we've ever had."
Beth's green eyes lit up, and she smiled confirming his statement. But then she looked serious and said, "But do you remember what the first five days were like? And don't think you are going to get away with what we did in Hawaii in Cleveland. I don't remember any nude beaches there, and I still don't understand what got into our parents that night. Were they possessed? I can't believe we are going to get that kind of opportunity again, so I hope you brought a lot of really dull deposition transcripts to focus on, because we are going to be living our Cleveland life again for the next week."
"Ugh." Rich couldn't think of a reason why Beth was wrong. "I s'pose you're right. I should have brought some Melville."
"Oh, don't feel so bad," Beth said. 'I'll make it up to you when we get back to California." She leaned forward and reached in to her oversize bag and handed Rich a book. "Try this," she said. It was a copy ofCrime and Punishment.
Rich looked at it for a minute. "God no, I had to read it in college. Once was enough. Once we get to Cleveland, I'll download some John Grisham to my tablet. It's much easier to stay engaged with his kind of crime and punishment."
That was when the pilot announced that they were on final approach to Cleveland and asked that everything be stored beneath the seat.
As it turned out, Beth and Rich were in for some real surprises. Things had changed in Cleveland.
You Can't Go Home Anymore
Rich and Beth were staying at her parents' house and Rich's parents were to join them for dinner. When Rich's parents arrived, his father, Bob, a tall robust man with thinning hair and a few extra pounds he didn't let worry him, was carrying a bottle of wine. Rich was shocked. He had never seen alcohol of any form in his house when he was growing up—nor had Beth in hers.
Bob handed the wine to Beth's father, Mike, saying, "Here, Mike, this is a pretty good California Cab, but it probably needs some time to air before dinner." Mike was several inches shorter than Bob and extremely handsome. There was a bit of gray in his dark hair that Rich didn't remember from the past, but he was still as trim as he had been throughout his life.
Mike, responded, "Fine, I'll open it right away. I've got a couple more bottles open, but we have a crowd for dinner. Think I should open a fourth?"
"Three couples? Yeah, four bottles should be about right . . . at least for starters."
Bob chuckled and said, "Not like the old days, eh Mike?"
"Hardly."
Rich and Beth exchanged a silent look that said, "What the hell is going on here?"
As Mike left the room Bob threw his arms around his son and gave him a bear hug. Another surprise. Neither family had been into hugs.
Then he stepped up to Beth, brushing past the hand she had extended for a handshake and wrapped his arms around her for another hug. He held her tight for what seemed like a long time, mashing her big breasts against his chest. Then he stepped back holding her by the shoulders and looking at her. "Goodness," he said. "California must agree with you Beth. You're looking even more beautiful than you did when Rich married you." As he spoke his eyes drifted down from her face to her breasts and then back up. Beth wasn't so much offended by Mike's hug and ogle as she was surprised—no shocked. It was the kind of conduct she had come to expect of the partners in Rich's law firm back in Palo Alto, but not here in Cleveland. She didn't pay any attention to it in Palo Alto, but in Cleveland? What was happening?
Just then, Rich's mother, Sylvia came bustling through the door carrying a big salad bowl and a couple of grocery sacks. Sylvia was tall and lean, her long thick hair hung down her back and over her shoulders. Although her hair had greyed, she was still an extremely attractive woman.
Sylvia's arm load of bowls and grocery bags precluded the kind of hug her husband had delivered, but she stepped in close to both her son and daughter-in-law and kissed them on the cheek. Then she hurried on towards the kitchen calling out as she left to Beth's mother, "Angie, I've got the salad and the other things you wanted.
Beth's mother responded, "Hi sweetie. Did you remember the gin?"
"Yes, I got two liters of Tanqueray. Is that okay?"
"Oh sure, that's what Bob and I drink all the time."
Gin? There was no disguising the shocked look on the younger generation's faces this time. But they were silent, and the parents were all busy with more hugs and kisses.
Eventually Bob spoke up. "Hey, I'll bet after that long airplane ride you kids could use a drink. How about a gin and tonic?"
"Uh, sure," Rich stammered.
Beth was silent and finally her father-in-law looked at her and asked again, "What about you honey?"
Finally she managed, "Oh sure. I could use a drink." In fact, she thought, she wasneedinga drink more all the time. What was going on here—gin and tonics around? Bob smashing her boobs with a hug and calling her 'honey'?"
Mike grabbed the bags from Sylvia, and headed for the kitchen, with everyone else following. Rich and Beth were bringing up the rear. They looked at each other, and Beth silently mouthed, "Gin and tonic?" Rich shrugged.
As they entered the kitchen they saw, Bob giving Angie the same kind of extended boob mashing hug he had given Beth. Angie was returning it with enthusiasm. Once Sylvia had set down the salad bowl, she stepped up to Mike and hugged him and then to Angie and hugged her. It was easy to see where Beth got her looks. Angie, although a few inches shorter than Beth had the same red hair, now streaked with a bit of gray, and the same voluptuous figure as Beth.
Rich and Beth were standing in the door watching in shock. People in their families did not hug or kiss when they were growing up. What the hell had happened, they both wondered silently?
Once the greetings were done, Beth's mother spoke up, taking charge as she always had at a dinner party, "Mike, why don't you make up some cocktails for everyone. Bob, you can take the kids out on the patio and Mike will join you with the drinks. Sylvia and I need to get all of you out of here so we can get dinner put together. Oh and Mike, don't be chintzy on the gin. I'm sure the kids could use a stiff one after their airplane ride and I know Sylvia and I could. It's been a busy day."
Beth and Rich moved out to the patio, where Angie had set a table for dinner. Within a few minutes Bob and Mike appeared carrying four drinks. Beth took a sip and kind of wondered what had happened to the lime and the tonic. It was mostly gin. Apparently Bob had remained behind to make sure Angie's instructions about not sparing the gin were observed—fully.
The two fathers carried the conversation, asking the kids about their new life in California. Then the topic turned to sports and a debate about the relative strengths of the Cavaliers and the Warriors. Beth and Rich were mostly silent sipping their drinks and wondering what had happened to the life they had grown up with. Bob and Mike quickly finished their drinks, and Mike popped up to get refills. He looked at Beth and asked her if she and Rich wanted another. Beth looked at Rich. He nodded and they both downed their half full glasses and held them out to Mike.
Bob went with Mike to the kitchen to help with the drinks, leaving the kids by themselves. As soon as they were gone, Rich looked at Beth and asked, "What the hell is going on here? Our families never let any booze in the house when we were growing up."
"I know," she said. "And we didn't hug and kiss either. I thought your father was going to mash my boobs forever, and you've still got your mother's lipstick on your cheek."
Rich stared at her in confusion as she wiped the lipstick off with a cocktail napkin. Finally he said, "Things have changed, but I'll be damned if I know how or why. It's the same house and the people in it look the same, but they sure don't act the same."
The fathers returned with another round of gin and there was more small talk about sports, politics, business, the weather, and other innocuous topics. Just before dinner, Bob asked Mike, "Are you all packed to head for Camp tomorrow?"
"Yep. I just need to load the wine and snacks in the car and we will be ready to go. What time do you want to leave?"
Rich looked at Beth and she shrugged, so he spoke up. "Camp? I thought we were staying here this week?"
Bob looked at Mike like they had let the cat out of the bag and said, "Oh, yeah, I guess your mother didn't explain that part of our plans."
As he spoke, Angie came bustling out of the kitchen, her arms loaded with food dishes. "All right everyone. Come to the table. It's time to eat."
Rich was still looking at Mike and Bob awaiting an answer. Bob said, "Uh . . . We'll explain that after dinner. There's this place we go to over in Pennsylvania. We call it Camp, although it's got a fancier name that I can never remember. It's a great getaway from city life. You're gonna love it."
Dinner was classic Midwestern fare—roast beef, potatoes, gravy, overcooked vegetables, and pie for desert. The only thing that was different from the dinners of their youth was that four bottles of wine were consumed with the meal. By the time dinner was finished everyone was talking loudly. Even Beth and Rich were both feeling the combination of the wine and the gin. That was when Beth realized that her napkin had slipped off her lap, and she quietly bent down to pick it up. Everyone was talking so loud they failed to notice what she was doing.
What she saw shocked her. Rich's father had his hand on her mother's thigh—not her dress, but her bare thigh. It was just above the knee, caressing the inside of her leg. Angie's dress was pushed up to mid-thigh to accommodate Bob's roving hand. Worse yet, Angie had her hand on Rich's father's lap. "My god, is she fondling Bob's cock?" Beth asked herself. The answer was obviously yes.
What she saw next was even more shocking. She looked to the right and saw that her father had his hand on Rich's mother's thigh, but it was much higher. Sylvia's dress was pushed all the way up to her hips and her legs spread widely. Mike's hand was obviously stroking her sex. Like Angie, Sylvia was using her hand to stroke Bob's cock through his trousers.
Someone had told an off-color joke (another first for the household, as far as she knew) and everyone was laughing loudly. Sylvia in particular was shrieking and Beth was wondering how much of Sylvia's shrieking laugh was caused by the joke and how much was caused by what her father was doing to her with his hand.
Beth turned and looked at Mike and Angie again and noticed that Angie had let her legs spread apart and Mike had worked his hand farther up the inside of Angie's thigh—high enough so he had probably reached her sex also.
Beth popped back up into her seat. She was in shock. The crowd was still laughing. Rich leaned over to her and asked, "What were you doing down there?"
"Getting my napkin." Her voice was an intense whisper.
"What took you so long?"
"I'll tell you later."
Then she stood and spoke up loud enough to be heard by everyone, "Mom, let me help you clear the dishes." She wanted to break things up.
Her mother had a distracted look on her face. "What. . . . Oh, the dishes. Why thank you dear. Yes, I guess it's that time isn't it." Angie rose slowly to her feet giving her dress time to fall into place and Sylvia did the same.
Beth spoke quickly, "No Sylvia, you stay put. Mom and I will take care of the dishes." The two of them bustled about the table and within a few minutes had it cleared but for the wine glasses that Mike was busily refilling.
Beth was pretty sure no one needed more wine, but at least her father no longer had his hands on Sylvia's sex, she thought as she watched him pouring wine from a fourth (or was it fifth?) bottle.
When Beth brought the last of the dishes in, she set them down and closed the kitchen door behind her. Her mother was scraping dishes in the sink.
"Mom, stop that. We need to talk."
Angie turned and looked at her daughter and said, "Yes?" as she dried her hands on a dishtowel.
"I want to know what was going on out there?"
"Ah . . . We were eating dinner with our best friends. Was there something wrong with dinner?"
"You four were doing a lot more than eating dinner Mom. Just when Bob started telling his dirty jokes I bent down to pick up my napkin, and I saw what the four of you were doing under the table."
"Oh, . . . well . . . uh . . ."
"And since when did we drink in this household and tell jokes like Bob was telling? And what's this Camp were going to tomorrow?"
Her mother was silent. Finally she said, "A lot of things have changed since you and Rich moved to California. We're a lot more open about things than we used to be. I was planning to tell you about it while we drove up to the Camp tomorrow, but I guess we need to talk now. Let's go in the living room. The dishes can sit for awhile." Angie started for the living room and then stopped and said, "Wait. Where's that gin bottle. I think I may need another drink for this. You probably will too."
Beth started to object and then decided that maybe another drink was a good idea for her too. Angie filled both glasses with straight gin. There was no pretense of making a gin and tonic at this time.
Mom Explains About the Sex Club
They took their drinks into the living room and sat down—Beth on the couch and her mother in an armchair facing her. They were silent for a moment as each took a long pull on the gin they had brought from the kitchen.
Finally Angie put her drink aside and spoke up. "Beth, I'm so sorry. I meant to explain all of this to you sooner, but I just couldn't find the right time."
Beth initially responded with silence. When her mother took another long drink on her gin, she said, "Now would seem to be a good time, Mom."
Her mother smiled and shook her head. "Yes, I guess it would be."
She was silent a bit longer gathering her thoughts. "Where do I start?"
Beth was silent, waiting.
"You remember Preacher McCoy?" Angie said.
Beth nodded her head, thinking, how could I forget?
"And I suppose you know about how he came to leave our church?"
"I heard he was fired because he was the leader of a sex club composed of some of the church members."
"That's true."
"Pretty hypocritical given the way he used to preach abstinence and near celibacy."
"You need to understand, dear, that was mostly for the benefit of the blue-nosed old biddies who were providing most of the church's funding."
"So he didn't believe it?"
"No, and neither did most of the rest of us, but we knew why he was doing it, and we put up with it."
"But you never explained that to me. I thought you believed him and wanted me to live that way."
"I know dear. That was a mistake on our part. Rich's parents made the same mistake. We all told ourselves that the two of you would figure it out once you moved away from us."
"We did."
"Good."
"Well, we figured out that what Preacher McCoy was selling was bullshit, but up until tonight, Rich and I thought you and dad and his parents were true believers."
Angie smiled. "Far from it dear. Far from it." She shook her head and took another pull on her gin.
"Actually," Angie continued, "Your father and I were members of Preacher McCoy's sex club. Bob and Sylvia were too. We just made sure you children never knew about it."
Now Beth needed a long pull on her drink. "So the four of you let us think sex was evil while you were members of the Preacher's sex club?"
"That's pretty much it."
"And what exactly did you do at these sex club gatherings?"
Angie smiled and shook her head. "Oh, pretty much everything your most lurid imagination could come up with."
"Did everyone have sex with other people, I mean, church members other than their spouses?"
"Of course, dear. That's the whole point of a sex club."
"Did you?"
"Yes. . . . And I'm really not embarrassed about it. I mean I don't want to advertise it to the public, but my god it was fun." She smiled as she dragged her tongue around the rim of her glass. "There was one night I fucked . . ."
"No," Beth said. "I'm not ready for the graphic details. Not yet."
"Okay," she said, looking down at her hands folded in her lap.
"So what happened after the church fired Preacher McCoy? Did the sex club disband?"
"Yeah, that was pretty much the end of it. We all found new churches, too. Everyone in the congregation knew who the members were. Preacher McCoy kept a roster that leaked out when things blew up."
"New churches? How did that work given your, shall I say, 'interests'?''
"Dear, you need to understand that none of us had given up on our religious beliefs. We had all just concluded that we wanted a religion that could accommodate our need for a bit more, uh . . . 'flexibility' in its attitude towards marriage and sex."
"I see."
Angie was deeply concerned. She couldn't read her daughter's reaction to her revelations. They both sat in silence for a long time. Eventually Angie got up and walked to Beth, sitting down next to her on the couch. She picked up both of Beth's hands holding them in hers. "Oh Beth. I know we were wrong. Not in what we did with Preacher McCoy and the others. I am fine with that. Where we went wrong was with the dishonest way we raised you and Rich." There were tears rolling down her cheeks.
Beth stared at her for a long time, eventually pulling a hand away to pick up her glass and pour the last of her drink down her throat. "Mom," she said, pausing as she searched for words. "I'm not mad at you. You and Dad and Rich's parents did what you thought you had to do when you were raising us, and I believe you loved us and wanted the best for us. And believe me, we don't live by Preacher McCoy's standards either—at least not the ones he preached on Sunday. So no, I'm not mad at you, and I don't think Rich will be either, once I explain things to him."
Angie was smiling now and wiping the tears from her eyes. She leaned forward and she and Beth hugged for a long time.
"But Mom, I want to know more . . ."
"Oh, so now you want to hear the graphic part. Wait until I tell you about Preacher McCoy. My goodness he could fuck . . ."
"No, not that. At least not yet, Mom. I want to know what happened after Preacher McCoy left. And I want to know about this camp you are taking us to. Does it have anything to do with your hidden lifestyle?"
"Oh okay. After the preacher left, the club just sort of broke up. We always had the meetings at the rectory, behind the church. Preacher McCoy just told people it was a mid-week prayer group." Angie stopped for a moment as she thought about how much time she had spent on her knees in the rectory—not praying but sucking cocks. She smiled a little at that thought and then continued. "We couldn't very well continue to meet there with a new preacher, and we tried having our meetings . . ."
"You mean orgies," Beth interrupted.
Her mother laughed. "Yeah okay, orgies. Anyway we tried having them at peoples' houses, but that never worked very well and as members drifted off to distant churches the group just sort of evaporated."
"What about you and Rich's parents?"
"I think you know the answer to that."
Beth laughed, shaking her head. "Yeah I guess I do. When I was under the table, the four of you looked like you were getting a head start on the evening."
"Actually we hadn't planned on anything. I mean, what with you kids here and everything. But I guess we just had a little too much to drink and got carried away."
Now Beth was shaking her head. "Damn. I never expected this. Is there any of that gin left. I think I need some more. This has been quite a mother-daughter talk."
Angie giggled. "Wait 'till we get to the graphic part."
"Oh no, not tonight. If I drink enough for that my head will seriously hurt tomorrow."
"Okay. We better go get the dishes done."
As they stood, Beth said, "Wait a minute. Tell me about this camp."
"Oh, it's a place over in Pennsylvania the four of us have been going ever since the preacher's club broke up. Sylvia found it. I guess it's what you call a nudist camp."
"You mean like volleyball with my titties bouncing, and Rich's dick flopping around, and all that?"
"Yes, if you like that sort of thing. But, you don't have to play volleyball. The camp has two parts—the family side and the adult side."
"And which side are we staying on?"
Angie smiled mischievously as she turned towards the kitchen. "Why the adult side of course. I will tell you more about it while we wash dishes. Let's get to work.
When they returned to the kitchen they found the dishes done. Mike was just starting the dishwasher and drying a few items that had been hand washed.
"Mike, you didn't have to do that," Angie said. "Beth and I were just talking in the living room. We were going to do it."
"No problem," Mike responded. "Rich and his parents helped and it was a cinch."
"Where is everyone?" Beth asked.
"Once the dishes were done Bob and Sylvia went home, and Rich said he was going upstairs, so I assume you'll find him in your room."
Angie chuckled. "I think we had all had enough to drink so we were ready for bed. Good thing Bob and Sylvia live just around the block. I hope they walked home."
All four of them were just about ready for bed during dinner, Beth thought with a secret smile. Then she said to her parents, "I think I may have had enough too, so if you don't mind, I'll head up."
Masturbation Always Helps
Beth found Rich in bed, sleeping soundly. She stripped off her clothes and crawled into the twin bed across from him. I'll tell him about what I learned in the morning, she thought, as she lay back in bed, her head spinning from the booze.
Beth couldn't go to sleep immediately. Her mind kept running back to her conversation with her mother. She wasn't shocked or outraged, even though her parents conduct was far more extreme than what she and Rich had been doing since they had moved to California. How surprising, she thought. We thought we were the ones who were engaged in conduct that would shock and outrage the rest of the family, and now it turns out that our parents' sex lives are far more extreme than our own. No, Beth wasn't offended—just surprised.
It was warm in the upstairs of the old house. Beth was naked, covered only by a thin sheet. As she lay there her mind kept playing back the events of the evening: Rich's father stroking her mother's sex under the table while she fondled his cock; her father and Sylvia doing the same thing; and graphic images her imagination had constructed of the things Angie had hinted she and Sylvia had done with Preacher McCoy at their sex club meetings.
After a few minutes of daydreaming, Beth realized that she was very horny and that she was absentmindedly stroking her tits through the thin sheet that covered them. It wasn't long until her hands were under the sheet, first circling and then pinching her now rigid nipples. Soon her hands, with a mind of their own, were drifting south to her sex. Her imagination had taken over also. Now she was still under the table watching her and Rich's parents, but both women had pulled their dresses up to their waist and dispensed with their panties (no, they hadn't worn any, planning for this dinner table debauchery from the beginning). To make matters worse (or better depending how you looked at it) they had maneuvered their masturbation partners' penises from their trousers and were energetically stroking fully erect, angry-looking cocks.
She had another image in her mind of her mother leaning over the end of their family sofa, her round ass in the air, with her legs spread to provide access to Preacher McCoy who was pounding her cunt with a huge cock. Angie was moaning and crying while Rich's mom lay naked on her back, her face under Angie's hanging tits sucking one nipple and then another. Sylvia in turn had one leg on back of the couch and the other on the floor, and a blonde woman with very short hair was greedily lapping at Sylvia's pussy. It was an image of total debauchery, just as her extension of what she had seen beneath the dinner table was.
Fuck I'm horny, Beth thought. This is so wrong, masturbating to images of my parents having illicit sex, but damn it, they're the ones that showed me and told me. She pulled her knees up under the sheet and let them spread to give her better access to her pussy and clit. Now she was using both hands to masturbate—one to insert two fingers into her hot slippery cunt and one to rub her clit.
Rich was snoring softly in the other bed. What if he wakes up, she thought? Fuck it, this isn't Cleveland. Well, it is Cleveland, but not like when we lived here before. He knows I masturbate, just as I know he does. He even gets turned on watching me. I've got to get off or I'll never get these images out of my head.
Working hard enough so that she was sweating, she threw the sheet to the floor. The fingers of one hand were rapidly fucking her pussy as she lifted her hips up to meet them on every stroke. Her other hand was lightly and quickly rubbing her clit with a rotating motion. Oh fuck, she thought. This is so nasty. Here I am back in my old childhood bedroom masturbating furiously, just like I used to do when I was a teenager.
Meanwhile the images in her mind were becoming increasingly lurid. She watched Preacher McCoy pull his cock (God, it was a huge cock) out of her mother and spray gobs of cream all over her back. Then he was replaced by another man, but who? Oh yes, it was Bob, her husband's lecherous father. Bob continued to pound Angie with even more energy than Preacher McCoy had shown.
Her mind kept flipping between scenes. Now she was back under the table watching as her mother brought Bob to a climax. Angie deftly caught much of Bob's cum in a hand and smeared it all over her pussy.
"Oh fuck," Beth whispered. "Fuck, fuck, fuck, I'm so close." She had three fingers pounding her pussy now. The movie in her head switched back to the orgy with Preacher McCoy. Now Bob had pulled out and was standing stroking his cock, glistening with the juices from Angie's cunt, and Angie and Sylvia were on their knees before him. Bob's prick exploded, the cum coating the women's faces and squirting into their waiting, open mouths. Then they turned their heads and kissed each other in a long open-mouthed kiss, sharing Bob's cum between them. Some of it leaked from their mouths and dripped to their breasts.
Now the image returned to the dinner table. Beth was panting, hanging on the edge of the orgasm she wanted so much. Sylvia was under the table now, her head between Angie's legs as she licked her cunt covered with Bob's cum. In her mind's eye she saw her mother stiffen and scream as Sylvia's pussy-licking pushed her over the edge.
That finished off Beth. Her back arched and she came with a groan, her pussy muscles squeezing her fingers, while emotional sparks flew from her clit. Then she collapsed, her body turned to jelly. Her hand fell to the floor where it encountered the sheet. Dragging the sheet diagonally over a portion of her body, she quickly drifted off to sleep.
Rich, Our Parents are Pervs
The next thing Beth was aware of was her father knocking loudly on the door. "It's six a.m., lazybones. Time to get up. We need to head out for Camp."
Rich groaned softly, "My head hurts."
"Mine too," she responded. Her mouth tasted awful.
"Hey, are you two awake yet?"
Beth croaked out a weak response. "Yeah, we're up. Be down as soon as we get dressed."
"God. I'd forgotten how cheerful he can be in the morning," she said softly to Rich, who was sitting on the edge the bed rubbing his temples.
"Why isn't he hurting like us? He drank more than I did."
"I think they drink more than us," Beth said. "Who knew?"
"Not me. I thought they were teetotalling Puritans.
"Far from it, it seems."
"Your mother's cooking breakfast, and Bob and Sylvia will be here in half an hour, so let's get cracking," the voice of morning boomed.
"Got it Dad. We'll be ready," she said, speaking louder, in hopes he would go away.
Beth was standing naked, stretching, while Rich dug around in a suitcase looking for clean clothes. We're not going to need much of those, Beth thought as she watched Rich.
Eventually Rich turned, holding a pair of jockey shorts he had found and asked, "Say, what happened last night? I mean when you were picking up your napkin and later with that long talk you had with your mother? And what is this camp we're going to?"
Beth knew she didn't have time to tell Rich the whole story now. She was standing there naked trying to brush the snarls out of her long, thick, red hair.
"It's complicated," she said, "and we don't have time to go through it all now. Let's just say it turns out our parents, yours and mine, are bigger perverts than we are. Oh and one more thing, the camp we're going too . . . it's a nudist camp. . . . for adults only."
Rich stared at her like she had lost her mind.
"Really, I mean everything I just said. Now finish getting dressed and let's get downstairs before my father barges in on us naked, not that it would matter much given what our families are planning for the day."
"What are they planning?"
"Naked volleyball? Fuck, I don't know. I just know clothing is not on the agenda once we get to Camp. Now get dressed and let's go. I'm not kidding about my father barging in. He does that."
It was a three-hour drive from Cleveland to the camp in Pennsylvania. Rich and Beth had one of the cars to themselves, so they had plenty of time to talk. Beth basically told Rich everything she had learned from her mother the night before. She also told him what she had seen while she was under the table during dinner.
Rich listened silently—so silently Beth was worried about what his reaction would be. Finally he spoke. "So you're telling me our parents were members of a sex club sponsored by the preacher we grew up with; the same preacher who lectured us every Sunday about the evils of sex, even though he was fucking the congregation (or at least part of it) on Wednesday nights; that our parents kept all of this secret from us; that they now swap partners and regularly attend the adults only side of a nudist colony; and that we are going to the nudist colony with them for a few days? Oh, and that they were molesting each other during dinner last night? Is that about it?"
"Uh . . . pretty much. Yup, I'd say that's it. You lawyers sure have a knack for boiling details down to the essential points."
Rich was silent for a long time. Beth was scared that he was going to explode in fury at the duplicity of their parents. Instead, after a long silence he began to chuckle and then exploded in laughter. Tears were streaming down his face. It was fortunate that Beth was driving.
Finally Beth asked, "So you're okay with all that?"
"How could I not be? It's their life, and they get to live it the way they want to. That's what you and I decided after we moved to California. We haven't been any more forthright with them about our sex life than they have been with us about theirs, so we can't really complain about that. About all they did was keep us from screwing around a lot when we were in high school, which was probably a good thing, given the trouble we saw some of our friends get into. The funny part is how wrong we were about what they were like. We were clueless."
He was silent again for a while, still digesting what Beth had told him.
"The only thing I'm a little uncomfortable with," he said, "is this nudist camp business. Are we going to have to be naked all the time?"
"I think so."
"What if I get an erection while I'm watching a volleyball tournament or something?"
Beth laughed at him. "Volleyball doesn't cause erections, silly boy. Women cause them."
"Yeah, like you," he said, as he reached across the car to stroke her thigh.
"Not while I'm driving, you perv."
He pulled his hand back and said, "That isn't much of an insult in this family anymore."
Beth laughed. "I guess not. Anyway, I asked Mom about that. She said that nobody pays any attention to men walking around with an erection . . . unless of course they want to suck it."
"Your mother said that?"
"She had enough to drink last night so that she was in the mood get pretty graphic. I had to keep putting her off because it was kind of weirding me out. But you need to understand this is apparently a couples only resort, and most couples come here either looking to trade partners or at least watch others doing so."
"Well, this is going to be an education," he said. "Way beyond the beach in Hawaii. The only thing I'm worried about is seeing my mom walking around naked."
"Yeah and my Dad," she said.
"Oh well, we will get through our Oedipal hang-ups somehow. Let's just go and have fun. I guarantee you we are going to screw a lot more than we did in Hawaii."
"Good!"
Show Time—Yes Everything Off
After about three hours of driving on freeways and highways, Rich and Beth saw their parents' car turn right onto a gravel road. They followed for another mile or so until they came to a locked gate. Bob got out of the car and dialed a combination into a padlock and swung the gate open. He was naked but for a pair of flip-flops.
"Oh, oh. Show time," Beth said. "I wonder if the rest of them are naked already?"
"Probably," Rich said. "It looks like his cock is about half erect. I think our parents have been fooling around as they drove up here, while we were trying to decide if we approved."
Beth shook her head, laughing.
Both cars pulled through the gate while Bob held it, his semi-engorged cock dangling alongside his leg. As Bob was closing the gate, a passenger side door of the lead car opened and Angie got out and walked back to talk to Rich and Beth. She was naked too. Rich immediately noticed that she had the same big luscious tits her daughter had, albeit with a bit of age-induced sag to them. Somehow the sag didn't bother him at all. He felt his prick stir as he watched her tits swing with her stride. "Not good," he told himself. "Lusting at your mother-in-law's tits must be wrong under some set of rules."
Angie leaned in the passenger side window resting her big tits on the open window sill a few inches from where Rich was sitting. Her nipples were sticking straight out and looked damp, like they had been sucked on very recently.
"Hi kids. We're here."
"So I see, Mom," Beth said.
Angie picked up on the sarcasm in Beth's tone and laughed. "Well it's a nudist colony, so this is the way you dress. Flip-flops and a big smile. Anyway, follow us on up the road until we come to the administration building. We all have to go in and register there."
"Do we have to get undressed now?" Rich asked.
"If you want," Angie said, "or you can wait until we get to the cabins."
Bob came up from locking the gate just as Angie turned to go back to her car. "Come on, hot stuff. Let's go," he said to Angie. He stepped up beside her, put his arm around her, and they walked up to the lead car, their hips bumping and Angie's hand on Bob's ass.
"Oh yeah," Beth said. "This is going to be some vacation."
She looked over at Rich and saw that he was rapidly stripping his clothes off. "Not wasting anytime are you?"
"When in Rome, do as the Romans do, and we are definitely not in Kansas anymore, dearie. You should too."
Beth bit her lip for a minute, then slid out of the car and quickly stripped down, throwing her clothes in the back seat along with Rich's. When they got out of the car to go into the administration building, all four of their parents were lined up naked on the porch applauding Rich and Beth's nudity.
Check-in was perfunctory. The naked couple behind the counter seemed overjoyed to see Rich and Beth's parents, quickly stepping out from behind the counter to exchange hugs with everyone, including Rich and Beth following introductions. The woman, Sandra, was fortyish, short and curvaceous. Her partner, Herb, was older, gray at the temples, and tall and lean, with an uncircumcised cock. Beth couldn't help staring at it. It was the first one she had ever seen (except in porn movies).
Sandra said, "Since you youngsters are here with your parents we won't give you the full introductory lecture. They can take care of that part. Just remember we're all here to have fun, but always remember that no means no. Oh, and try to tone it down in the public areas."
Beth gave her mother a questioning look and Angie spoke up loudly. "She means no screwing on the dining hall tables during lunch hour." Everyone laughed.
Beth looked at her and blushed, but she got the message. There was going to be public sex.
Herb handed Rich and Beth a couple of sheets of paper—a map and a short sheet of rules. Then he held the door as they all walked back out to the cars. Beth was the last out and she felt Herb lightly pat her ass as she walked by. "I'll have to watch that guy," Beth thought.
Beth and Rich had a small cabin to themselves and their parents shared a larger unit. The two units shared a large back porch. Beth moved her and Rich's luggage into the smaller unit while Rich helped lug all of their parents' stuff into the larger unit. When he joined Beth he was smiling and shaking his head.
"What's so funny," she asked.
Well, as I was moving suitcases in, your mother was telling me which ones went in which of the two bedrooms. By looking at the old airline luggage tags I figured out that she had me putting her bags in the same room with Bob's bags and my mother's bags were going in the room with your father's.''
"God, they're worse than teenagers," Beth said.
"Meanwhile, Bob and Mike were busy setting up the bar. We're invited over for drinks as soon as we settle in."
"I thought we were going to lunch?" Beth said.
"We are, but not without our pre-lunch toddy, as your father calls it. Better pull your shoes on and let's go. I hope your liver's in shape for this vacation. You're going to need it."
The before lunch drinks were quick and strong. Then the whole family walked down a lane and across an open area to a good size dining hall. Rich and Beth stopped as they walked in, trying to take in the scene before them. There were thirty or forty naked people standing in line at the lunch counter or sitting at long tables all talking and laughing. Most were middle aged. Almost none were what our modern society would define as beautiful—too plump, too skinny, huge sagging tits, bee sting tits, beards, long hair, short hair, bald heads, hawk noses, double chins, shaved pussies, luxuriously thick bushes, and just about every size and shape of penis imaginable. It was almost impossible to take it all in, but one thing was clear—everyone was having a marvelous time.
As soon as the crowd saw Beth and Rich's parents come in, a number of people jumped up to greet them. There was a lot of hugging and even a bit of brief fondling. It was obvious these people knew each other very well. Beth and Rich were standing back, intimidated by the sea of enthusiastic nudity, but Angie turned and dragged them into the group introducing them to more people than even the best of politicians could remember—Was Rachel the woman with the tiny tits and the neatly trimmed heart shaped pelvic hair or was she the red head with the iron bar bells pierced through her nipples. Who knows? One thing is clear. No one shakes hands here. Introductions are always sealed with a hug and sometimes an unsolicited fondle.
Naked in Public—Fucking in Public
Eventually Rich and Beth finished lunch and escaped from the dining hall. Their parents had left before them, telling them they were going to nap—a statement that Bob managed to make sound lewd. Once they were free of the crowd, Rich and Beth returned to their cabin long enough to find the map they were given at check-in. Beth tucked the map in a fanny pack along with some sunscreen, grabbed a couple of towels, and they set out to explore the property.
Without the stress of the presence of naked parents and a crowd of hyperactive middle-aged nudists, they were suddenly relaxed. "You know this feels kind of nice," Rich said as they strolled down a shady tree-lined path.
"You mean the shade?"
"No, I mean walking naked with you."
"Oh. Yes, you're right. It's lovely."
"I never thought I would find walking about naked in the outdoors so pleasant, so relaxing."
"Well, it wouldn't be if we were back in Palo Alto. Everyone would be staring at us, and we would be hiding from the cops or at least worrying about them. The stress would take all the pleasure out of it."
"Yes, but not here. No one cares or even notices if you're naked. I think they would only notice if you had clothes on."
"I think I'm beginning to understand what our parents like about this."
"I think they're also in it for the sex."
Beth laughed. "I think so, too. Who knew we had such horny parents?"
"And their friends. Wow."
"Oh you mean in the dining hall?"
"Yes."
"God, what a hyper, lecherous crew they were. I must have had at least three of them fondle my ass. And there was one woman that put both hands under my tits and held them up to tell me how beautiful they were."
"Don't feel all alone. There were four or five people who fondled my dick. One was a man."
"Oh you mean like this?" Beth said, as she reached down and stroked his cock.
"Uh—Yes. Kind of like that."
"But did they do it like this, too?" Beth said, as she turned to face him and began pulling on his rapidly swelling prick with both hands.
"No. Not near that good."
As Beth continued to fondle Rich's dick, he reached forward and used both his hands to lift her large breasts. "Was this how that woman lifted your breasts?"
"Yes."
As Beth responded, Rich began using his thumbs to rub her nipples.
"Oh!" Beth gasped. "But not like that. I turned away from her before she could."
"Why?" Rich asked as he continued to play with Beth's rapidly swelling nipples. His dick was fully erect now and Beth was continuing to stroke it, using a twisting motion that Rich found delicious.
"Oh . . . uh . . . what?"
"I asked why you turned away before she could do this." As he spoke he pulled on both nipples with his thumb and forefinger.
Beth squealed in response. Then she increased her pressure on Rich's cock, causing him to gasp. "I turned away because I didn't know her," she responded.
Rich laughed. "I don't think that matters here, Beth."
Now she laughed. "Yeah, probably not, but the lady at the registration building told us to keep it toned down in the public areas."
"Yeah, but your mother said that meant no fucking on the tables in the dining hall. You were a long way from that level of degradation, and apparently that limitation only applies at lunch hour. I can't wait to see dinner."
Just then another couple came around the bend in the trail. Rich and Beth jumped apart, but there was no hiding Rich's raging boner. It stuck straight out from his groin.
The couple smiled and said hello and walked on by towards the main part of the camp. The woman looked pointedly at Rich's erection.
"Oops," Rich said when they were gone. "I guess I'm past the question of what happens if someone sees my erection."
"Yeah. Nothing happened did it?"
"No, seemed to be normal. Well, she did kind of stare at it."
"I'll bet they were jealous of us."
"Why?"
"Because you have a much bigger prick than that guy. I was looking at his."
Beth stepped in close to Rich and began fondling his prick again.
"Oh so you are checking out the guys' pricks as they walk by, eh?" Rich said.
"Sure. Why not? I know you are checking out the girls' boobs." Rich was playing with her tits again and she was massaging his prick with both hands.
"I know a better place we can go," Beth said.
"Is it a place where we can fuck?"
"Yes."
"We could go back to our cabin."
"No. I want to fuck outdoors. This is a place Sylvia told me about during lunch. They call it the Meadow."
"My mother told you about a place where we could go and fuck?" Rich asked, sounding a little worried.
"Yes. She said she goes there all the time."
"To fuck? With who?"
"She didn't say. Probably your father, but maybe my father too, or maybe even my mother, or all four of them."
Rich's cock had shrunk a bit when the strangers walked by, but it was hard as an iron bar again. "Come on, let's go," Beth said. "It's fun stroking your cock, but I want it in my cunt."
After a few missed turns and a bit of wandering they found themselves at the top of a hill with a view down a long grassy meadow that fell away from the top of the hill. Beyond the meadow was the valley below them. Miles away they could see the cars on the highway they had driven in on.
Beth wandered about looking for something. Eventually she said, "There's one," pointing at a backless low wooden bench, like you might see in a locker room. Its top was barely above the tall grass. "That's what Sylvia told me to look for. She said they're great for fucking while you view the scenery."
"My mother said that? She said 'great for fucking' while the two of you were chatting across the lunch table?"
"Absolutely. She even described some of her favorite positions for fucking on these benches. It was pretty graphic." Beth decided that Rich might not be ready for the story Sylvia had told her about being gang-banged on this hilltop by five men who eventually all sprayed their cum on her tits.
"Oh my," Rich said. "I think my mother is a slut."
"And mine," Beth responded. "But remember what you said on the way up here, 'It's their life and they've got to live it their way'."
"Right, I said that, and you're right, but this all this is taking some getting used to."
"Rich, sit down on the end of that bench and let me suck your cock. Stop worrying about our parents."
Rich brightened immediately at that thought and sat on the end of the bench. Beth dropped to her knees between his legs. She said, "Now just sit there and enjoy the view and the blow job. If your mother was here that is what she would tell you to do." His pricked twitched in response to that thought.
Beth pushed aside a few stray strands of red hair that had escaped from her ponytail, and then she wrapped both hands around his rigid prick. "God, you have a beautiful prick," she said. She dropped one hand to the bench alongside his leg as she leaned forward and slid the other hand down to the base of Rick's prick—just to hold it where she wanted it. Then she began to lick the beautiful cock before her with long slow strokes originating near his balls and finishing at its head. As she finished each stroke, she let her tongue dance around the head of his cock, loving the way it made Rich gasp. She finished each time at the eye of his cock, pulling back with a string of his precum between her tongue and his prick. Each time she tried to stretch the string longer before it broke.
Eventually she rose up higher on her knees and pushed her head against his belly. "Lie back and watch the clouds," she whispered. She followed him forward as he lay back and then sucked his cock into her mouth. At first just the head, her tongue continuing to dance about it, but then more fully into the warmth and wet of her mouth. Rich groaned.
Oh I do love to suck this cock, she thought as she began to use a hand to massage his balls. Then she plunged her mouth down on the object of her affection until she could feel the head pushing against the back of her throat. She held him there and then slowly withdrew, sucking on the cock like a lollipop as she drew back. She repeated, and repeated, sucking him again and again, her pace quickening. Her hand used the saliva dripping from her mouth to stroke the portion of his prick not in her mouth with a twisting motion.
Rick was groaning. "Oh god, that's good. Oh fuck. Oh so good."
She kept it up for a good five minutes, backing off when she thought he was getting close to cumming and then resuming her cock sucking to press him to the edge. It was an exquisite torture for Rich. Then when she had him in hand and was just teasing the end of his prick with her tongue she asked, "Are you going to cum in my mouth? Are you going to squirt your hot nasty cum down my throat? Are you Rich? Are you?"
He sat up and responded to her taunts. "No. You know what I want, and I know you want it too. You want me to squirt my hot white cum all over those beautiful tits of yours and then you can rub it into your tits while I eat that hot pussy of yours. That's what you want isn't it Beth. I know you. You just love feeling my hot slippery cum splatter on those big tits of yours." She was softly twisting a hand around his prick as he spoke, not to jerk him to climax, but just to keep things boiling in his balls.
Beth felt a shot of fire in her cunt as she listened to Rich talk dirty. She was inflamed by the thought of lying on the bench rubbing Rich's cum into her big tits while he ate her pussy.
"Yes," she hissed. "Yes, that's exactly what I want. I want you to squirt gobs of your hot cream all over my tits and then I want you to eat my pussy. Oh fuck, that would be so hot and nasty right out here in this meadow. Yes, that's what I want, and I'm going to make all the noise I can when you eat me, because I don't care who hears me."
They both stood up and changed positions—Beth sitting on the end of the bench, her legs lewdly spread and Rich standing between them stroking his cock. He quickened his pace and let himself sag at the knees so his prick was opposite the gorgeous tits that Beth was holding out to him.
"Oh fuck, I'm gonna cum, Fuck! Here it comes." He groaned and his prick began to squirt spurts of white cream on Beth's big soft tits. Shot after shot hit her right where she wanted it. As it softened to a dribble he shook his prick to get the last drops on her boobs, and one errant bit flew up and hit her face.
Rich stood gasping before his cum covered wife. Beth reached behind her neck and released her ponytail. She shook her head so her thick red mane fell around her shoulders and across her face. "Wow," she said as she pushed her hair back and wiped away the glob of cum that had landed just below her left eye. "You really exploded." The cum that had landed on the upper part of her tits was slowly running down them. "Where do you get it all? It's only been what, 48 hours, since we made love back in Palo Alto."
Rich laughed. "Yeah, but other than a little sleep, we haven't done much of anything except think and talk about sex since we got off the airplane in Cleveland and discovered our parents were sex fiends." He stood staring at his beautiful wife, her tits coated with his dripping cum, her legs spread in invitation. "You know lover, you are the most beautiful slut I know, or maybe you're the sluttiest looking beauty I know."
Beth smiled. "Well, thank you sir, but let's not stop now." She slid her hips forward so her butt was just barely on the edge of the bench and then lay back, her red hair hanging down both sides of the bench. "Right now I feel like the beautiful slut," she whispered, "and I really, really want you to eat me." As she spoke she used her hands to spread her swollen pussy lips apart. The inner lips were gleaming with pussy juice that had been leaking from her. "Oh, come on Rich. Do me with that magic tongue of yours."
Rich dropped to his knees and lifted her legs so they were draped over his shoulders. Then he began to tongue her pussy with long slow strokes starting from just below her cunt and stopping just short of her clit. When Beth started to groan, he slipped two fingers into her cunt. It was hot and slippery. He spun his fingers back and forth and Beth pushed her hips up into his face in response. Meanwhile Beth was busily spreading Rich's cum around on her tits.
"Oh fuck. Oh so fucking good. You're so good Rich. Ohh! Oh shit! Oh fuck!" Beth wasn't really close to cumming, and she wasn't in any hurry to climax. She was just riding a sexual high as Rich licked her and finger-fucked her and she smeared his cum around on her breasts. The clouds drifting by were beautiful, but she barely noticed them. The only thing she could focus on was the beautiful sensations Rich was causing in her pussy and her cunt and what she was doing to her own tits. "Oh god, Rich. I could do this forever."
Rich knew better. He knew from the free flow of juices from her pussy that in a few minutes she would trip into an orgasm. But instead of just letting her stumble into an orgasm, he wanted to control it a bit. Rich turned his two fingers around so that the pads were pressing against the special spot on the front wall of her cunt. Beth always told him that the G-spot was a myth, but he had learned that there was this super sensitive spot on the front wall of her cunt and if he pressed on it just right and then licked and sucked on her clit he could send her to the moon.
As soon as he began pressing with his fingers Beth knew what he was doing, and she didn't want to cruise anymore. She wanted to feel that electric release of her climax and to scream in ecstasy at the clouds. "My clit, Rich! Lick my clit. Lick it now! I want to cum!"
Rich knew she was close to cumming. Juices were flooding from her cunt, soaking his face. He took one long final stroke of his tongue between her pussy lips and then began licking her clit while he maintained the pressure of his fingers on the front wall of her cunt. Beth was crying and groaning now, beginning to fuck her hips against his face. Then he pulled her clit between his lips, sucking on it just as she had his cock. That pushed Beth over the edge as a bolt of lighting shot from her clit throughout her body. Rich could feel her cunt muscles trying to crush his fingers. She screamed and held his face against her pussy as wave after wave of orgasm tore through her. And then she was done, pressing him away, crying, and telling him, "Enough, enough. I can't take any more."
Rich pulled away from and rose up on his knees, letting her legs fall off his shoulders to either side of the bench. He was staring at Beth, lying on her back, her legs spread, tits covered with his rapidly drying cum, red hair hanging below the bench, arms and legs dangling below the bench. Her eyes were closed, and she was gasping as she came down from her climax. "You really are a beautiful slut," he said.
"Why thank you. You're so kind," she responded. She sat up and turned to face out over the field and valley blow them. He sat next to her, both enjoying the view in silence.
It's Better When Someone's Watching
They had been sitting naked on the bench soaking up the sun's warmth and enjoying the view for just a few minutes when Beth spoke up, "Your mother was right. This is a great place to fuck."
Rich turned to Beth and said, "Let's."
"Let's?" she responded, not understanding. She was still looking off down the hill and across the valley. Rich reached over and placed her hand on his fully erect cock. It had more than recovered while he was eating her pussy.
"Oh! Oh my. Oh yes, let's fuck," she said as she began stroking his dick. "God you're hard. How did you recover so fast?"
Rich laughed. "All I've done since we got here is look at naked people and eat your pussy, and you want to know why I recovered from your blow job so fast?"
Now it was Beth's turn to laugh. "Oh yes, I see, and you are such a horny young bastard to start with. Why on earth should I be surprised that you are fully erect and ready to fuck by the time the cum you shot on my tits has dried."
Rich had one hand busy fondling Beth's tits while the other was inserting two fingers into her very wet pussy. "Oh, You're so wet you horny slut. You want some more don't you. Don't you Beth?"
She gasped as he softly twisted a nipple. "Oh yes. That's want I want. Let's fuck. I want this big hard cock of yours in my cunt." She was stroking his prick with a twisting motion as she spoke.
They rose and moved to the end of the bench again. This time Rich sat on the end, a foot on either side of the bench and his prick standing straight up. Beth stepped up to him, a leg on either side of him and then settled on to his lap, using a hand to guide his cock into her pussy. She was tight from having just climaxed, and they had to work a bit before his cock pushed between the muscles defining the opening to her cunt. Once past the opening however, it slid smoothly in until she felt it touch down at the end of her cunt. "Oh fuck!" she said. "That feels so good, so fucking good."
For a long time she sat still, his cock filling her cunt. "Oh god, it feels so good when you fill me up like that Rich. So fucking good. How did we ever get by without fucking like this before we moved to California?"
Rich was silent, just enjoying the pressure of her wet cunt on his cock. Then he leaned forward and kissed her. It became a long kiss, wet and sloppy, with each of them endeavoring to fuck the other's mouth with their tongue.
Eventually Beth began to use her legs to rise and fall on the delicious prick buried within her. They had both cum in the last hour and neither felt any urgency to cum again. Rich fondled Beth's tits as she humped his cock and occasionally met her downward thrusts with an upward thrust of his own.
Suddenly Beth froze, with Rich's cock fully implanted in her pussy. "Rich," she whispered with urgency. "We've got company."
"What?"
"There's another couple in the woods just on the edge of the field. They're watching us."
"Oh shit! What should we do?"
Beth was silent for a moment and then said, "Keep fucking! If they don't want to see us fucking they will leave." She resumed her rise and fall on Rich's erect cock. "This is so fucking hot, being watched while we fuck here in this open field."
"What are they doing?" he asked.
"He's standing behind her. They are both looking straight at us. He has his hands cupped on her tits and she is grinding her ass into him." As Beth spoke she felt Rich's cock swell and stiffen inside her. "Fuck, you're getting harder."
"I know. Being watched like this is a turn on. Do you think they know you've seen them?"
"I can't tell. We aren't making eye contact, so maybe not."
"Good. Make some noise like we don't know they are here and are just fucking for the pure joy of fucking."
"That's not hard," she whispered. Then she began to groan and cry as Rich began to play with her nipples. She deliberately made it loud enough so the other couple could hear her. She also began to pick up the tempo of their fucking.
"Oh fuck, Rich. Fuck, fuck, fuck! That feels so fucking good. Your cock! Oh fuck, your cock is so good!"
"Is this what you wanted you slut? You wanted my hard cock rammed into your pussy, didn't you?" Like Beth, Rich was deliberately speaking loud enough to insure the voyeurs could hear him.
They held their pace and kept up the dirty talk for several minutes. "What are they doing," Rick whispered.
"She's leaning against a tree with her butt sticking out and he is standing behind her. It looks like he is lubing his dick with the juice from her pussy. Oh yeah. Now he has his prick in her, and he's fucking her. They both still have their heads turned toward us, but now he is fucking her. They're watching us while they fuck." They both could hear the woman crying out as her companion pounded his cock into her cunt.
"Rich, I can't last much longer. I'm going to cum again." It wasn't clear whether Beth was saying it for its effect on the other couple or really meant it.
Rich was getting close too and began pumping Beth harder. "Fuck it. Let's cum," he said.
Beth slid her hand down between her belly and Rich until her fingers reached her clit. She was crying loudly as she rubbed her clit and her orgasm approached. They could hear the other woman doing the same. Rich's orgasm tripped first and he groaned and said "Oh shit. Ohhhhhhh shit. Here it comes." Then he flooded her cunt with cum. That tripped Beth and she climaxed with a scream. They heard the groans and cries of orgasm from the other couple immediately after that but they ignored them, each collapsed against the other. When they finally looked up they were alone again.
They kissed for a long time as Rich's prick shrunk and eased out of Beth's dripping cunt. Eventually Rick spoke up, "Are they still there?
"No, they're gone. I think they came too."
"Wow. That was hot. Better than the beach in Hawaii because they didn't know we were watching them."
After the Meadow
Beth and Rich spent much of the remainder of the afternoon wandering about the nudist camp. By the end of the day they felt they were getting used to three things that would have shocked them when they left Palo Alto: being naked in public; having naked people around them; seeing people engaged in public displays of sex.
They were sitting on the back porch they shared with their parent's cabin sipping on a gin and tonic. Beth asked Rich, "So how do you feel about our first day in a nudist camp?"
"The sex in the Meadow was fabulous."
"You horn dog. I knew you liked that. What about the rest of it?"
"Well, the sun and the breeze felt nice on my skin."
"That's not what I meant. How did you feel about being naked in front of people you didn't know?"
"Oh that. I was a little bit concerned when that first couple came by and I had an erection, but beyond that, I was pretty much indifferent."
"I liked it," Beth said.
"You mean having people look at you in the nude?"
"Absolutely. It was kind of a low-key turn-on all afternoon. It felt like we were getting away with something that is taboo or at least something we were raised not to do. When that couple was looking at your erection, it made me horny. I guess I'm a little bit of an exhibitionist."
"Based on the way you came when we were fucking in the Meadow in front of another couple, I would say you are more than a little bit of an exhibitionist."
Beth laughed. "Yeah, that was fun wasn't it?"
Rich nodded in agreement as he took a sip from his drink. Then he looked at her and said, "Do you think if we go back there tomorrow, they will be there again?"
"Oh, so you enjoyed it too?"
"Yes," he said softly. He paused for a moment while he thought about what he had just said. "I'm not sure I should have, but yes I enjoyed it."
"And you want to fuck while someone else watches again?"
"Yes. . ." He again paused for a moment. "I guess that makes me an exhibitionist too."
"Are you bothered by that? You shouldn't be, you know."
"Well, that's not exactly the way we were raised."
"That doesn't mean much, given what we have learned about our parents in the last couple of days."
Rich laughed. "You're right about that." he thought for a moment and said, "I guess I'll just have to get over the guilt they built into me."
"Does that mean you want to do it again?"
"You mean, have sex in the Meadow?"
"Yes, but I mean in front of others too. What about that part?"
As he sat and thought about it, he felt his cock rising as the idea aroused him.
Beth looked pointedly at his cock and said, "I can see that at least part of you wants to do it again."
Rich laughed and then said, "Fuck it. Hell yes, I'd like to do it again. That was so goddamned hot when you were telling me about the other couple watching us and fucking, while you were bouncing on my prick. Screw this guilt shit. That was fun."
"Good," said Beth.
"I wonder if they will come back tomorrow?"
"No way to tell," Beth said. "But maybe if they liked it they will come back looking for us."
"Do you think they liked it?"
"Absolutely. They watched us for a few minutes, and then he fucked her silly as she leaned against that tree. They didn't even try to hide from us."
"Let's go up there again tomorrow and see if they are there."
"What if they don't show?" Beth asked.
"Oh, I think we will find something to do," he responded, with a lecherous grin.
"You horn dog!"
"That's what you love about me—my dirty mind."
"Among other things," she said as she set her drink down and reached over to give his now fully erect cock a few strokes.
"What about when we saw other people having sex?" Rich asked, changing the subject.
"Besides in the Meadow?"
"Yes, like when we were down on the beach and that woman was jerking her husband off?"
Well, I wasn't offended, but it wasn't good like in the Meadow.
"Maybe that was because you had already cum three or four times in the two hours before that."
Beth laughed. "Yeah that could have had something to do with it."
"I wonder if he was her husband?"
"Good point," Beth said. "Around here all sorts of combinations are possible. Speaking of which, I wonder what our parents have been up to all afternoon."
Rich laughed, "Based on the mood they were in after lunch, my guess is that they have been fucking each other silly."
"But which each other?" Beth asked.
"Oh yeah. That. Well, given what you told me was going on under the table last night any combination is possible."
"How nasty," Beth said.
"So are you offended by the thought of our parents screwing each other or are you turned on?"
"Well, I'm not offended. Last night was a surprise, but I've gotten past that." Beth thought for a moment. "How about you?"
"Oh, yeah sure. If they want to swap partners and all four of them are okay with it so no one is feeling hurt, I'm fine with it."
"Actually, I guess I am a little turned on by the idea," Beth said. "That's nasty isn't it? Does it make me a pervert?"
"I don't know," said Rich. "I'm having trouble figuring out what constitutes being a pervert here."
That was when Angie and Bob walked out on to the porch, drinks in hand. They both had that slightly disheveled look people have when they have been in bed all afternoon, sleeping, or doing something else a couple does in bed. They were also completely naked, which was to be expected here, but it still made both Beth and Rich take a second look. Both were thinking it was one thing to get used to perfect strangers around you being naked, but your parents—that was going to take a little more getting used to.
"Hi kids," Angie said. "How's your afternoon?" Rich couldn't help but notice how Angie's big tits hung down and swung as she leaned forward to set her drink down before sitting. His already erect dick twitched as he watched.
Angie's question was one of those perfectly innocuous greetings that is phrased as a question but isn't really looking for an answer beyond "Just fine. How's yours?" She noticed and then pointedly ignored the erection that had bloomed on Rich during the conversation he and Beth had been having before Angie and Bob's arrival.
"Interesting," Rich said. He made no effort to hide his erection, but Beth had refrained from stroking it further.
"Well, I suppose your first day at a nudist colony would be different," Bob responded. "Are you comfortable with everything?"
You mean fucking in front of people peeking at us from the woods, walking around naked in front of people we don't know, and watching people have sex in public. Oh sure. Happens all the time, Beth thought. What she said was, "No problem."
Angie, reverting to her mom role asked, "Did you kids remember to use enough sun block? Some people get burned pretty bad their first day here."
Hah, Beth thought. She should have seen the 'sun block' Rich's cock was spraying on my tits up in the Meadow. Again what she said was, "No problem."
Then Rich spoke up, "Say, where are mom and Mike (referring to his mother and Beth's father.)"
Beth gave him a look that said, "You know damn well where they are. What are you asking that question for?"
Before anyone could respond to Rich's inopportune question, the other couple wandered in, gin and tonic glasses in hand, and also looking a bit disheveled.
Sylvia asked how their afternoon had been and Beth phrased her response so as to let slip the fact that they had gone up to the meadow Sylvia had told her about over lunch, in effect telling her that her son had fucked her silly without actually saying it.
Another round of gin and tonics followed along with a conversation among the six of them that pointedly ignored what the three couples had spent their afternoon doing. Their collective afternoon delight was the proverbial elephant in the room.
After two rounds of drinks the six of them strolled down to the dining hall for dinner. While nothing had been said over drinks about who did what to whom during the afternoon "naps," the fact that the four parents were walking arm in arm, but not with their spouses, made a clear statement that required no response from Rich or Beth.
Dinner was, if possible, an even more bacchanalian affair than lunch, with people working the room to greet friends with lascivious hugs and open erotic kissing and fondling throughout the meal. Rich and Beth snuck out as soon as they finished their meal, avoiding what was looking like it would become a full-blown orgy.
As soon as they were out of earshot of the dining hall, Beth slid her arm under Rich's and looked up at him with a gleam in her green eyes.
"Guess what?"
"Okay, what?"
"Remember when I left the table to go to the washroom?"
"Yes. There must have been a line. You were gone a long time."
"No. No line. I met someone. In the washroom—and we talked for a good while."
"Who pray tell, Brother Leonard?" (Brother Leonard was Preacher McCoy's young understudy, who Beth had found attractive before they moved to California. She had made the mistake of admitting that to Rich once, and he had teased her unmercifully about it ever since).
"Good guess . . . but no it wasn't Brother Leonard."
"Okay, I give up."
"Her name's Cynthia. She's a bit older than us, maybe forty, but a very well preserved forty. She has short dark hair, nice legs, a cute round ass, and pair of tits I'm sure you would love . . ."
"You mean like yours?" Rich interrupted.
No, smaller, but still a handful." Beth refrained from telling Rich that she knew Cynthia's tits were a handful because she had been fondling them while Cynthia fondled hers. They had done a bit more than just talk. Beth couldn't define it, but there was something about the older woman that she found very attractive—attractive in a tremendously erotic way.
"But here's the part you're going to like, Cynthia and her husband, Jameson, were the couple that were watching us today."
"Really? So she just walked up to you and asked, 'Are you the redhead I was watching fuck in the Meadow today?'"
"More or less, yes."
"What's her husband like?"
"He wasn't there. We were in the ladies room, you know."
"Oh yeah. I wonder why they have separate washrooms here?"
"Good question, but never mind. Here's the point. She wants to watch again, and her husband does too. They will be there, in the woods again, at 10:00 tomorrow morning."
"What about us?" he asked.
"I told her we would be there, on the bench where we were today."
Rich turned to Beth and wrapped his arms around her lower back. As he pulled her towards him he let his hands drop to her ass, which he pulled up and towards him. Beth put her arms around his neck and stood on her toes to start a long sloppy kiss. She could feel her rapidly hardening nipples rubbing against his chest as she moved, and she could feel his suddenly rock-hard prick pressing against her belly.
Eventually they broke their kiss, and Beth dropped to her feet and stood looking up at Rich. "Should I take that as a yes?"
"Yes?" Rich asked.
"Yes, you want to be in the Meadow with me at 10:00 o'clock tomorrow morning."
"Absolutely it's a yes, but right now I want to take you some place and fuck."
"I think the back porch of our parents' cabin would be good."
"What if our parents find us?" Rich asked.
"I don't think they will, but hold that thought. It's nasty and fun."
Within minutes they were on the back porch of the cabin. Beth had pulled the cushions from a chair and dropped to her knees, her weight on her forearms, leaving her broad hips pointed lasciviously at Rich.
Rich dropped to his knees behind her and putting a hand on each side of her ass, pulled it toward him so his cock was just nuzzling the entrance to Beth's pussy.
"Don't tease me. Put it in and fuck me. Fuck me hard. I'm in no mood for foreplay right now." She had already gotten a good deal of foreplay from Cynthia during their "conversation" in the ladies room at the dining hall.
"What if our parents find us here?" Rich asked, repeating his earlier question. He shoved his cock into her without waiting for an answer.
"Oohh! Shit your cock feels good," Beth said as she felt Rich bottom out in his first thrust into her cunt. "They're going to be too busy with that orgy that was getting started in the dining hall. Besides, I don't care if they do see us. They know we fuck. They might find it a turn on to watch us going at it."
Rich was pounding her hard now, their hips making a slapping sound every time he bottomed out. "Oh yeah," Rich said. That's really a nasty thought—our parents watching us fuck out here on the back porch of their cabin."
They tried several more positions on the cushions Beth had thrown down and eventually they came together, Beth screaming as her orgasm tore through her, and Rich groaning as he filled Beth's cunt with his hot jism. As they fell to the side and lay on the cushions, still coupled, Beth said, "Aren't you glad we didn't stay for the dessert?"
"Umm, yes," Rich said as he drifted off to sleep. They were still their sleeping in each other's arms when their parents' saw them as they tiptoed back to the cabin much later.
Beth and Cynthia
Beth and Rich had sex on the bench in the Meadow each of the next two mornings, while Cynthia and Jameson watched from the edge of the woods. As it worked out, Rich never got a good look at Cynthia and Jameson. This wasn't totally by accident. Jameson wanted to lurk at the edge of the woods, watching Beth and Rich while he fondled and sucked on Cynthia. Cynthia on the other hand wanted to expose herself to Beth, so whenever Beth was in a position from which she could see the woodline, Cynthia would drag Jameson into a more exposed position, but when it was Rich who had the better view, she let Jameson drag her back into the woods.
Rich wasn't particularly bothered by the fact that he couldn't get a better look at the voyeur couple. Just knowing they were there, and hearing Beth's lurid descriptions of what they were doing as they exposed themselves to her, made the sex incredibly erotic for Rich. He was fucking his beautiful wife in an open meadow while a mysterious voyeur couple watched, hiding themselves in the woods. Just thinking about the experience later in each day brought his prick back to life causing him to masturbate furiously in the shaded hammock behind their cabin where he was ostensibly napping, while Beth was away.
Beth, on the other hand, was becoming more and more obsessed with Cynthia each day. The brief encounter they'd had in the ladies room of the dining hall hadn't really amounted to much. After they had talked about how hot their first morning of watching each other in the meadow had been, Cynthia had pulled Beth to her and kissed her. Cynthia had known she was bi-sexual for many years, but this was a first for Beth. She had never been kissed by a woman before and she was stunned by the tenderness of Cynthia's kiss and the eroticism of the two of them standing there in the middle of the small washroom fondling each other's tits.
On the third evening Beth made eye contact with Cynthia across the room in the dining hall. Cynthia whispered something in Jameson's ear and then rose and walked across the hall obviously headed for the washroom. She nodded discreetly to Beth from across the room. Beth again excused herself from dinner and followed Cynthia to the washroom. It was occupied, so the two women stood outside talking in hushed voices.
"The last three mornings in the Meadow have been so fucking hot," Cynthia said. "Watching the two of you from the woods drives Jameson crazy. He hasn't fucked me that hard in years."
"Rich too."
"What about you?" Cynthia asked.
"It's good. No it's great, but there is something else I want," Beth said as she stared into Cynthia's eyes. The two women were standing very close. Each could feel the heat from the other's body.
"What?"
"I want to kiss you again. I'd never kissed a woman before the other day."
"That's all. Just a kiss?" Cynthia had a hand on Beth's hip now holding her close. Their thighs were touching, exchanging a scorching heat.
"Well, I don't know. Yes, more, I'm sure. But . . . I've never . . ."
Beth didn't finish her sentence as Cynthia leaned into her and rubbed her engorged nipples against Beth's tits. "You've never been with a woman." Cynthia said, finishing Beth's sentence. "Do you want to?"
Just then they heard the door unlock and open. A man and a woman came out looking very flushed, as though they had just had sex. They paid no attention to Cynthia and Beth who were standing against the wall kissing, their bodies pressed together.
"Come with me," Cynthia said, taking Beth by the hand and leading her into the washroom, ignoring the lack of an answer to her question. "Sit on the toilet and spread your legs," she said to Beth as she locked the door.
"We don't have much time. My husband and family are expecting me back," Beth said.
"I know. Me too. But this won't take long. If you like it, I know a place where we can go tomorrow and have more time." She dropped to her knees, ignoring the discomfort of the hard concrete floor. Cynthia had wanted to make love to Beth for three days now.
Beth was dripping wet. Her pussy made squishy noises as Cynthia speared her cunt with two fingers. Beth gasped and Cynthia sat back on her haunches watching Beth's face as she fucked her with her fingers. Beth was moaning and fondling her big tits.
Cynthia, mindful of their time limits, dived into Beth with her tongue. After a few long strokes of her tongue between Beth's lips she began to torture her now rock-hard little clit. She kept up an energetic finger fucking as she worked Beth's clit. It didn't take long before Beth fell into a sharp, noisy, orgasm.
Cynthia pulled her face and hand away from Beth and sat back, watching Beth recover from her orgasm.
"Do you want more of that," she asked.
"Oh god yes," Beth said. "But when and how? What about our husbands?"
"We'll make it work," Cynthia said. "I always do. Meet me behind the dining hall tomorrow afternoon at 2:00. Now we have to get back."
"Yes, but we have to clean up. We reek of sex."
"No. Our husbands need to smell us on each other. Cynthia put two fingers in her own pussy and then dragged them across Beth's tits, marking her with her aroma."
"But . . ."
"Don't worry, tomorrow afternoon is going to be great, and if we play our cards right, the four of us will have an orgy before we leave here." Cynthia unlocked and opened the door. The two women walked away, ignoring several other women waiting in line.
When Beth sat down on the bench next to Rich she leaned close to him making sure he smelled the sex on her. "Where have you been?" he asked.
"I've been with Cynthia," she said. "She wants us to get together. All four of us." As she spoke, she reached under the table and stroked Rich's cock. It made him forget he wanted to ask what Beth had been doing with Cynthia.
"When?"
"I don't know. We haven't figured that out yet. After the Meadow tomorrow she and I are going to get together and decide." It was that simple. She just told Rich she was going to spend the afternoon figuring out how to get him laid by another woman and he voiced no objection whatsoever. Men are so simple, Beth thought. Just mention sex, and the only part of their brain that works is the part in their dick.
Sex in the Meadow the next morning was just like it had been the preceding three days, other than for Beth. Yes, she was enjoying the things Rich was doing to her with his tongue, his fingers and his cock; and yes, she was enjoying the fact that they were doing all of this in the open air; and yes, she was getting a rush out of being watched by the voyeurs in the woods; but she was also thinking about what she and Cynthia were going to do in the afternoon.
By 2:00 o'clock she had packed Rich off to his afternoon masturbation and nap in the hammock, and she was waiting for Cynthia behind the dining hall. Cynthia stepped out of the brush at one end of the hall, and the two women immediately wrapped their arms around each other and engaged in a long passionate kiss.
When the kiss ended, which seemed like forever to Beth, Cynthia said, "Not here. I know a better place." Then she led Beth off into a narrow trail through the brush. As they walked along the trail, Beth was reminded of walking with Rich down to the nude beach on Kauai, except that now, instead of looking at Rich's masculine build and his Speedos barely covering his muscular butt, she was looking at Cynthia's broad, and totally naked butt cheeks, which jiggled a bit as she walked.
After about five minutes of hiking they came to a small rundown building that sat beside a small burbling creek. "This was my grandmother's cabin," Cynthia said. "She and my grandfather built this Camp, but they were old Cleveland money, so they needed a place away from the rest of the members. This is where I learned about sex. My grandmother insisted that no young woman's education was complete without a comprehensive course in sex. No one staying at the Camp is allowed here except family members, myself, my sisters and our "guests," which means the people we bring here to fuck."
"Am I your guest?"
"I hope so, for this afternoon at least."
Inside, there was a long couch and a very large bed with a brass bedstead. There was also a net swing hanging from the ceiling—the kind which a woman can lay back in with her legs spread wide inviting others to molest her sex. There was a table pushed against the wall with a range of sex toys—vibrators, dildos, handcuffs, whips, chains, and other toys Beth had seen only on the Internet. There was also a round table set up for card games. The decks on the table were composed of pornographic cards. Beth picked up a deck and riffled through the cards with their graphic pictures of people engaged in a wide variety of sex acts.
"Never mind those," Cynthia said. She was lying on the oversize bed with her legs drawn up and spread to show her sex. "Come over here and get down between my legs. I want you to learn how to eat pussy." Her fingers were spreading her pubic hair and her pussy lips apart so Beth could easily see the opening to her cunt, her internal lips, and her clit just peaking from beneath its hood. All had a gleam of her sex secretions. She looked very slutty.
Beth got down on her knees between Cynthia's legs and stared at her sex.
"That's it. Just study my sex so you know what you are dealing with. It's different than yours. Each woman's sex is different. Men assume that we are all the same and they treat as the same, but that is where they go wrong." Cynthia's outer lips were large and thick, a medium brown on the outside, but now, engorged with blood and swollen as they were they were a reddish pink on the inside and the inner lips were a bright pink, all shiny with secreted liquid. They cried out to be touched—with a cock, fingers, a tongue, a dildo, something, anything that would stimulate the nerve bundles within.
The opening to Cynthia's cunt was red and swollen, but dark in the center, an invitation to nirvana for those who had the cock to penetrate it.
"Where do I start?" Beth asked.
"Where does Rich start? Cynthia asked.
"He starts with his fingers in my cunt."
"Is it good?"
"Yes, unless I am dry."
"Believe me darling, I'm not dry. I've been anticipating this since I got out of bed this morning. Go ahead. Put two fingers in my cunt."
Beth leaned forward. She could smell the aroma of Cynthia's pussy, just as she could when Cynthia had marked her in the restroom of the dining hall. Beth carefully slid two fingers of her right hand into Cynthia's cunt. It was hot and wet, with no resistance.
Cynthia gasped, "Oh yes. Now move them around."
"How?"
"Oh fuck, I don't care. Twist them, move them in and out like a man's prick, tap on the walls with your finger tips. Just move them so I can feel the motion."
Beth began finger-fucking Cynthia with a twisting motion. Cynthia was groaning and moaning.
"Oh, oh, oh, Yes. Yes. Yes. So good. Now, now Beth. Use your tongue. Start at my fuck hole where your fingers are and lick me. Start at my fuck hole and lick all the way to my clit." Cynthia cried out when Beth reached her clit.
"Oh, oh, oh, not my clit. Save that for later. We're not trying to get off in a washroom while our families wait for us. We have all afternoon to do this."
Beth slowed her pace and stopped with each lick just short of Cynthia's clit. Meanwhile she kept up her finger-fucking and occasionally brushed Cynthia's rectum with her thumb—never penetrating it, but stroking the sensitive area just often enough to keep Cynthia hanging on the edge of an orgasm. She was using techniques she and Rich had taught themselves over the last few years.
Cynthia had given up on teaching Beth anything. She was just soaring on the edge an orgasm, unable to communicate anything intelligible. After ten minutes (or fuck, was it half an hour? Cynthia had no clue.) Cynthia reached the point at which she was unable to tolerate any more of Beth's teasing.
"Oh fuck," she croaked. "Where did you learn to do that. You're driving me wild. Make me cum! Oh fuck! Make. Me. Cum. I can't stand any more of this!"
Beth responded the way Rich responded when Beth made this demand on him. She moved her lips up to Cynthia's clit and began to suck on it. At the same time she pressed hard on Cynthia's G-spot. Cynthia screamed and came hard, gushing her cream on Beth's face. Her climax roared through her in waves and she held Beth's head in place between her legs, forcing the red-haired beauty to keep sucking her clit until finally Cynthia could take no more, pushing Beth away as her body collapsed.
Beth sat up and grinned at the destroyed Cynthia. "Did I miss anything?" she asked.
"My god, no," Cynthia said. "I thought you said you had never been with a woman before. Where did you learn that?"
"From Rich. He and I have been experimenting for the last couple of years, and I just did what you told me. I did to you what I like him to do to me."
"God, you must have a great sex life."
"We do."
The two women spent the next couple of hours thrashing about in the giant bed in Grandma's cabin. They also took turns in the swing. By four o'clock they were totally enervated. They spent the next half an hour planning how they would include their husbands in the kind of sexual thrash they had just experienced. The plan was to return to grandma's cabin with the men the next evening after dinner. Each woman would arrive separately with her husband and they would adjust from there. They agreed there would be no sex in the Meadow the next morning. Sexual energy would be saved for the evening.
Good News—Not Brother and Sister
The next morning, at the instigation of the wives, the three husbands, Rich, Mike, and Bob, were sent off on a canoeing expedition in the lake. The girls promised they would make it up to them after dinner.
Beth, Angie, and Sylvia sat at a kitchen table, each with a strong cup of coffee, just as Beth had done with the two of them many times in her youth, except now all three of them were naked.
Sylvia and Angie were trying to delicately explain the relationship the two couples had, but they were not comfortable doing it. Finally Beth cut in: "What you are trying to say is that you screw each other's husbands, right?"
Beth and Sylvia looked sheepishly at Beth. Eventually Sylvia said softly "Ahh . . . Right. That's about it."
Angie nodded in silent agreement.
"And how long has this been going on for?"
Angie looked squarely at Beth and said, "Since we were teenagers."
"Really?"
"Well, not while they were in away in the Army," Sylvia said.
"Who were you fucking then?" Beth asked.
Angie dropped her head and said, "Well, mostly each other."
Beth thought, before yesterday afternoon, I might have been outraged by that, but I can't get too upset now. "Loyalty?" Beth asked, with a touch of sarcasm in her voice.
"More like desperation," Sylvia said.
Angie chuckled. "I guess we just have to admit we are a pair of very horny girls. Always have been and still are today."
"Let me ask you this?" Beth said, looking very serious. "Are you two sure that Rich and I are not brother and sister?"
"We were very careful," Angie said.
"And," said Sylvia, "once genetic testing became available, we had the tests done. You and Rich are not related except by marriage, and your fathers are who you think they are."
"Are there others?"
"Others?" Sylvia asked in confusion
"Other men you two have had sex with besides Bob and Mike.
Sylvia chuckled. "Of course dear," said Angie. "I told you about Preacher McCoy's sex club."
"How many men were in that club?"
"Oh ten or fifteen."
"And you fucked all of them?"
"Maybe, I don't know dear. I don't keep score of that sort of thing," said Angie.
"Good," said Beth. . . . "I think."
Sylvia chuckled.
"What are you laughing at?" Angie asked
"I remember one night when you sucked all fifteen."
"When?" Angie asked.
"Remember the line up?"
"Oh, . . . Yes, that's right, I did suck fifteen cocks that night. . . . but I didn't make any of them cum."
"That's only because you were in the front of the line. You were just getting them started."
"Yes and you were at the end of the line and you made them all cum in your mouth or on your tits."
"Not true," Sylvia protested. "That gay guy was in front of me. He made a lot of them cum."
"Oh, I forgot about him," Angie said laughing. "He was truly a world class cocksucker, or so the guys said."
"Wait a minute," Beth interrupted. "Are you telling me that Preacher McCoy let a gay man in his sex club? He wouldn't let gay people in his church."
"Preacher McCoy was actually very open minded, as long as it wouldn't affect his tithing collections," Angie said.
"And this guy sucked Dad's and Bob's cocks?"
"Oh probably," Angie responded. "I told you I never kept score on these kinds of things, and I have to tell you Bob and Mike are never too fussy about who is sucking their cocks. Does Rich get upset about it?"
"As far as I know, I am the only one who sucks his cock, but we aren't here to discuss my sex life—just yours."
"That seems a bit unfair," Sylvia responded.
"I suppose it might be if the four of you hadn't tried to raise Rich and me as little Puritans."
"Oh, yeah, okay. I agree with what Angie told you back in Cleveland. That was a mistake on our part, and we're sorry."
"Okay, okay. But you're sure we're not kiss'n' cousins or brother and sister or something?"
"I told you," Angie responded, "We tried hard to avoid the problem, and before we let you get married we had DNA tests run. Beth, your father is definitely Mike, and Rich's father is definitely Bob."
"Whew," Beth said, leaning back in her chair. "That make's me feel much better, . . . I think. Do you have anything stronger we can put in this coffee?"
"I think so," said Sylvia as she got up to fetch a bottle of Irish whiskey from the cabinet. "I don't usually start this early, but I think I could use a shot too. How about you, Angie?"
"Sure."
Once the coffee mugs had been refilled and appropriately spiked, Angie looked at Beth and asked, "Does that cover what you wanted to know dear?"
"Well, not quite. So far we have established that Rich and I are not brother and sister, that you two are, or at least used to be, bisexual sluts, and our fathers are the same, but our society doesn't have a word like slut for men."
"That might be a bit harsh . . . ," Sylvia said.
"I would say accurate, but harsh," Angie interrupted. "And we don't do it anymore," she continued.
"Except with each other," Beth clarified.
"True," both women admitted.
"And except when we are here," Sylvia said.
"Well, I can see how that could happen here," Beth responded. "There are a lot of very horny people here."
"Yes there are," Angie said. "I love this place."
"It's why we like it here," Sylvia added. "Have you and Rich been having fun?"
Beth thought for a minute about how to answer. "Yes, but not at the level that I think our parents have."
"Well, it's your life," Angie said. "You have to live it in a way that suits the two of you."
"That's what Rich and I have decided about the four of you."
"Listen. This is important, moms. You four have disclosed a lot to Rich and me this week. Rich and I have talked about it, and you need to understand that we are surprised but not outraged or unhappy with the four of you. It's your life, and you have to live it your way. You two wanted to fuck Preacher McCoy and went for it. Personally he kind of creeped me out, but it's your life, not mine."
"We did," Angie said, "and thank you for understanding."
"And he had a very big dick," Sylvia added.
"And a really talented tongue," Angie said chiming in.
"That's enough. You two are incorrigible." Beth said. "Let's go down to the beach and swim. After today I have to go back home and keep my clothes on, so I better go flaunt this sexy body of mine while I can."
Everyone laughed. Then they grabbed towels and headed for the beach.
Last Night at Camp
Friday was the last night the family planned to stay at the Camp. Saturday was dedicated to a drive back to Cleveland, and Rich and Beth had reservations to fly back to the West Coast on Sunday.
Dinner in the dining hall was even more boisterous than usual since many couples were also planning on leaving the next day. As Rich and Beth sat watching the burgeoning lust unfolding around them during dinner, Beth spotted Cynthia and Jameson. They were sitting at a table across the room. Beth made brief eye contact with Cynthia. She smiled and nodded. Then she turned her head to whisper in Jameson's ear. Meanwhile, Beth pointed out the couple to Rich. It was truly the first time he had seen them. She does have nice tits, he thought. Then he let his mind wander into speculation about what Beth and Cynthia had been doing. When Beth had come back to the table two nights earlier he had definitely noticed the smell of Cynthia's sex on Beth, even though he refrained from saying anything when Beth begin stroking his cock. Funny how distracting that can be. He felt his cock begin rising as he thought about Beth having sex with Cynthia. It wasn't jealousy—just lust.
As desserts were being served, which a number of the campers were using primarily to smear on a partner's or prospective partner's erogenous zones, Cynthia nodded to Beth, and she and her husband discreetly rose from the table and left the room.
"They're leaving," Rich whispered to Beth.
"That's what we agreed to do," Beth responded. "Here, smear some of this banana cream pie on my tits so we look like everyone else. We have to wait awhile."
"Rich did as instructed and then begin lapping the whipped cream off of Beth's tits. Beth leaned back enjoying the ministrations of Rich's mouth to her nipples, but her mind was more focused on what she wanted to do to Cynthia's pussy later.
Beth waited until Rich had more or less cleaned the cream pie off her chest and then whispered, "Let's go." She looked around for her parents, but it was unnecessary to say goodbye to them, as they were seriously engaged in molesting each other and others who dropped by for a quick fondle. Rich and Beth arose and quietly left the dining hall.
She led Rich down the narrow path behind the dining hall to Grandma's cabin. His dick wasn't fully erect but it was large and swinging as he walked behind Beth. As he watched her walk in front of him, wearing nothing but an old pair of running shoes, his prick continued to harden, so that by the time they got to Grandma's cabin it was erect and stuck straight out. Looking at Beth's naked, full, ass always did that to him.
Before they walked through the door, Beth turned to him, pulling him close so her tits were against his chest. "Are you sure you want to do this?" she asked, without defining what "this" was going to be. As she spoke, she reached down between them and stroked his dick.
Rich simply said, "Yes. I know you fucked her and now I want to." At this point he would have agreed to anything, he was so horny.
The door to the cabin was open. Inside Cynthia and Jameson were reclining on the couch. Jameson was a lanky six-footer with neatly trimmed dark hair that had just a touch of gray at the temples. He lay back on the couch, his fully erect dick pointing at the ceiling as Cynthia slowly stroked it. His dick was long and somewhat thin. Definitely longer than Rich's Beth thought, but not with the heft of Rich's powerful tool.
Cynthia was shorter than her husband by a good deal, perhaps as much as three or four inches, also less than Beth's height. Her dark hair was cut short and she had an olive complexion. Sitting on the couch Rich couldn't form an opinion about the shape of her ass other than that her hips were broad. She had very attractive legs and generally looked very fuckable, he thought. His prick bobbed involuntarily as he evaluated her.
Cynthia was leaning against Jameson with one leg pulled up, her heel hooked on the couch and her knee splayed to the side, fully exposing her sex. She had a dark, thick, luxurious bush, trimmed only as necessary to permit a conservative swimsuit. Jameson had one hand on the inside of her thigh, his fingers gleaming from a recent foray into Cynthia's pussy.
"You made it," Cynthia said. "I was afraid we were going to have to start without you."
"It looks like you have," Beth said nodding towards Cynthia's hand on Jameson's cock.
"And you too," Cynthia responded. "I believe that's a bit of vanilla cream pie still on your tits."
"Hi. I'm Beth's husband, Rich." For some reason Rich felt a need to speak up.
"Yummmm." Cynthia said. "So you are. You are even more luscious looking than Beth described." She was lightly fingering her own pussy as her husband's hand remained on the upper portion of her thigh.
"Come closer, so I can get a better look at you."
Rich stepped forward, his engorged dick bobbing, until he stood immediately before Cynthia. She sat up and then leaned forward, grabbing Rich's dick and sucking it into her mouth. He gasped in surprise. She used her tongue to tease the underside of his cock. Then she pulled back, sucking as she went. There was an audible pop as the head emerged from her mouth. She leaned back against the couch staring at Rich with a lascivious smile. Rich remained standing before her, slowly stroking his now well-lubricated dick.
Beth had taken a seat on the couch next to Jameson and her hands were busily stroking the cock that Cynthia had abandoned to minister to Rich.
"Beth," she said. "Your husband has a beautiful dick. Are you going to let him fuck me with it?"
"Of course," Beth responded. "That's why we're here. He knows I fucked you yesterday, and it only seems fair that I let him fuck you, too, if that's what you and he want, of course."
Cynthia's only response was a "mummmmph," as she had sucked Rich into her mouth again. He had his hands on both sides of her head and he was actively fucking her face, while he looked down at Beth stroking Jameson's cock.
"Fuck him," Rich mouthed silently to Beth. She smiled, her green eyes gleaming with lust as she received Rich's approval. Beth reached behind her head and released her long hair from its constraints so it fell to her shoulders and below. Then she rose and swung a leg over Jameson so she was straddling him. As she sank down she could feel his long prick sliding along the channel between her pussy lips and grazing her clit. Jameson was laying back against the couch and using his hands to molest Beth's big tits and moving his hips just enough to keep his cock sliding in the front of Beth's slippery lips.
She looked over at Rich. He was leaning forward now, his eyes closed and his cock still firmly impaling Cynthia's mouth, but now he was using his hands to massage her tits, each one as Beth had predicted—a perfect handful. Fuck, this is hot, Beth thought. Yesterday she was using that mouth to drive me wild just over there on the bed, and now she is doing the same to Rich.
Beth rose up on her knees and reached back to position Jameson's cock at the entrance to her cunt. Then she sank slowly down on him, relishing the sensation as he filled her hungry cunt, and filled it, and filled it. "My god he's long!" she thought. Eventually her hips came fully down on his lap. She sat still, Jameson's prick resting snugly against the end of her canal. He didn't stretch her the way Rich did, but it still felt marvelous. She was sitting on another man's lap, his prick filling her, and his hands mauling her boobs while she watched his wife sucking her husband's cock.
Rich looked down at her and smiled as she began to rise and fall on Jameson's prick. Now it was her turn. She looked at Rich and silently mouthed, "Fuck her."
Rich nodded. He pulled back from Cynthia's mouth and spent a few moments rubbing her nipples with the saliva-coated tip of his prick. As Beth had discovered the prior day, Cynthia's nipples were very sensitive. As soon as the tip of Rich's prick made contact with the tip of one of Cynthia's engorged nipples, she gasped and threw her head back. Rich grabbed Cynthia's breast, and squeezing it, he pulled it toward him and rubbed the end of his dick harder on the nipple. "Oh shit," Cynthia groaned.
Then he did it again with her other breast. Cynthia was moaning now. That was when Jameson spoke up for the first time since Rich and Beth had entered the room, saying, "You'll make her cum if you keep that up."
Rich looked down at Beth who was slowly bouncing on Jameson's cock. She smiled up at him and whispered, barely loud enough to be heard, "Do it Rich. Make her cum. Make her cum by rubbing her tits."
Beth and Jameson shifted their bodies around, as best they could while they remained coupled, to watch Rich's assault on Cynthia's tits. Rich was taking turns attacking Cynthia's nipples with the tip of his rigid cock. He was also licking the palm of the hand not guiding his prick and using it to rub whichever nipple he wasn't assaulting with his prick.
Cynthia was groaning and crying now. "Oh god, stop. Dear god, make him stop." But when Rich pulled his prick away she quickly changed her mind, crying, "No, no. I didn't mean that. Don't stop! Please don't stop. That . . . feels . . . good. Yes, so fucking good."
Jameson and Cynthia weren't fucking very hard. Just enough not to forget where they were and what they were doing, but most of their attention was focused on Cynthia's passion. Rich kept pummeling her tits with his cock. Now it was dripping precum which he smeared all over Cynthia's swollen and inflamed nipples.
Cynthia's climax came with little warning, at least not to the three people watching her closely. She just suddenly screamed and went rigid. Then she pushed Rich's prick away from her and collapsed into a fetal position on the couch, breathing in gasps as she recovered from her orgasm. "Wow. No one's ever done that to me before."
Rich reached down and grabbed Cynthia by the hips turning her so she was on her forearms and knees on the couch her round ass pointed up in the air. Now that he could see it, Rich decided she had a great ass. Just like Beth's but a little broader, but still plenty to grab hold of while fucking. Rich nudged her legs apart with a knee and begin to stroke her sex with his fingers. He slid two fingers into her cunt, which was hot and dripping wet. Cynthia responded with a groan and picked up her head to look back at Rich. Her voice was still low and soft, not yet recovered from her recent climax. "Your cock, Rich. Use your cock. I want your cock."
Rich bent slightly at the knees to align himself properly and began to try to force his prick into Cynthia. The entrance to her cunt, still constricted from her recent climax, resisted but soon fell to Rich's assault. Cynthia cried out when his prick finally entered. He continued pushing and he slowly filled her tight cunt. "God you're tight," he said.
Beth and Jameson were still slowly fucking, focused primarily on watching Rich's assault on Cynthia. Jameson was idly fondling Beth's big tits while she rode his cock, but like Beth, most of his attention was focused on their spouses.
"Fuck her Rich. Fuck her hard. We want to see you make her squeal, Rich," Beth said. She was enjoying Jameson's prick and what he was doing with her tits, but the real eroticism in the room for her was watching her husband begin to pound Cynthia's pussy from behind.
Rich had grabbed Cynthia on either side of her ass and begun pounding his cock in and out of her cunt. "Oh fuck, she's tight. My god, this is so fucking good." The sweat was pouring off him as he stood holding Cynthia's ass in the air each time he finished a stroke and then dropping her back towards the couch as he pulled his prick back in preparation for the next stroke. His hips slapped against Cynthia's ass at the end of each stroke. Cynthia for her part was saying nothing comprehensible—just a loud continuous wailing as she reveled in the pounding Rich was giving her.
Jameson was silent, but Beth could tell that he was becoming very aroused by watching the lust between her husband and his wife. He had begun twisting his hips each time she lifted hers. Not much. Just enough to cause his prick to twist inside her cunt and stroke different parts of her. The sensation was fabulous. That plus the erotic scene next to them was pushing Beth rapidly towards an orgasm. She could tell Jameson was also approaching his climax. His breathing was becoming labored, his brow furrowed as he appeared to be concentrating on not cumming. But neither of them took their eyes off their partners who were approaching climax even faster than them. Cynthia and Rich were like a pair of rutting animals now, both growling out their lust as they fucked with abandon.
"Watch! They're going to cum," Jameson whispered. "They can't last much longer." His voice was strained with control.
"What about you?" Beth asked. She kept her voice down, but there was no need, since Rich and Cynthia were not hearing anything but the sounds of their own rutting.
"Fuck yes. I'm close, but not until they cum."
"Yes," Beth agreed, working to hold back her own climax. She slid her hand down between her belly and Jameson's and began to run her clit. She wanted to cum so bad.
Then Rich went rigid holding Cynthia's ass firmly against his hips, his legs straight and her knees off the couch. He yelled, "Arrrrrrrgh! The kind of climax groan that leaves your throat still sore the next morning. As he groaned he pumped stream after stream of cum deep into Cynthia's cunt. That set her off. She was silent but Beth could see the climax rip through her whole body as she swung her feet around behind Rich's legs, locking her feet together and pulling him even tighter against her. Her toes were splayed out in painful directions in a characteristic orgasmic cramp. She was resting on her forearms, the muscles in her arms clenched. Her head was back with the cords in her neck pulled tight and her mouth open but, uncharacteristically, no sound came out. It was the most intense silent climax Beth had ever seen or imagined.
That set Jameson and Beth off. He grabbed her hips and pulled her down hard, jamming his cock as far into her as he could go. Then she felt his hot sperm filling her cunt in shot after shot as he groaned. For her part, her cunt muscles clamped down on his prick and she felt the delicious sparks of her orgasm shoot throughout her body. They both groaned as they came.
Their climax completed, Rich and Beth fell forward, and the two couples lay together on the couch in a sweating, sticky, post-coital heap of tangled legs and arms.
Eventually Cynthia more or less slid from beneath the group and tottered to her feet. She disappeared to a kitchen and after a while reappeared with a tray of glasses and a pitcher of margaritas.
The four made love again that evening in virtually every combination conceivable. Rich even allowed Jameson to suck on his cock for a while, although he did not reciprocate. Later he described Jameson's cock-sucking as interesting, but allowed that he probably wasn't ready to become fully bisexual.
The evening concluded with Beth on her back, her legs splayed apart, with Cynthia lying between them having just eaten her to her fourth climax of the evening. The two men stood over Beth masturbating furiously until they squirted the small amount of cum they could still generate onto her tits and a few errant strands of her red hair.
It was dark by the time Rich and Beth left Grandma's cabin. Fortunately there was a full moon that provided enough light for them to pick their way back to their parents' cabin. Once they reached the dining hall the path was broad and well-lit by the moon. They walked silently, side by side, holding hands and enjoying the cool air on their naked bodies.
"This has been quite a week," Beth said.
"No kidding," Rich responded.
Little did they know, the week was not quite over. As they approached the back of their parents' cabin they heard voices. "That sounds like someone having sex," Rich whispered.
"Well, why not. Remember where we are," Beth giggled. "This does seem to be the sex capital of the world."
As they stepped around the back of the building they saw four people on the back deck. Beth stopped so abruptly Rich bumped into her from behind. "Shhh," she said. "I think it's our parents."
They both backed up, and Beth dropped to her knees with Rich leaning forward above her to look around the corner of the building.
"It's our parents," Rich whispered. "And, my god. I think they are fucking."
"Duh!" Beth whispered. "Why do you think they come here. Of course they're fucking. Look at that. That's your father with his face buried in my mother's pussy. She's the one that's making all the noise."
"Where's my mother?" Rich asked.
"Over there on her back on the bench. My father's fucking her with a vibrator." They could hear the soft wine of the vibrator.
Then they heard Sylvia's voice. "Oh fuck, that's good Mike. Now eat me with your tongue. I just love that magic tongue of yours. It's almost as good as your cock."
"Rich," Beth whispered. "Is that your cock I feel lying on my back."
"Ahh . . . yeah," Rich responded. "I can't help it. Watching other people fuck just makes me get hard."
"Even our parents?"
"Apparently so."
"You perv."
"I can't help it."
Beth reached behind her and felt Rich's cock. "God, you are hard. I thought you were done after our last round with Cynthia and Jameson."
"I don't know," he said. "Watching this is making . . . well it's making me hard. It's making me horny."
Beth was silent for a moment as they watched their parents fucking. Finally she said, "Me too." More silence. Then she said, "Put it in me."
"Really? Now?"
"Yes, goddamnit. Now. I need it, but be quiet about it."
"So I'm not the only perv in the family."
Beth stifled a laugh and then said, "Apparently not. It must be genetic."
Rich dropped to his knees and quietly slid his cock into Beth's cunt. They had engaged in so much sex during the evening that he slid right in and then began to fuck her.
"Shhh. Quiet. Don't slap my ass with your hips. We don't want them to know we are here."
Their parents had clearly been fucking each other for much of the evening, so they were in no hurry at this point. Rich just held still, his cock filling Beth's cunt and they watched as their parents played, trading positions, trading partners, exchanging sex toys. All the time Rich could feel his cock growing harder and larger in Beth's cunt.
"God you're getting bigger and harder," Beth said.
Rich twitched his cock in response and Beth had to stifle a groan.
Eventually their parents wound up in more or less the same position Rich, Beth, Cynthia, and Jameson had finished in. Angie was lying on her back on a couple of lawn chair cushions, her legs spread while Sylvia worked on her clit with her tongue and fucked her with a large black dildo. Bob and Mike kneeled alongside her. Eventually they gasped as they shot the last drips of cum their bodies could generate on Angie's tits. Angie was smearing it around on her boobs when Sylvia's munching on her clit brought her to an orgasm. She didn't scream. It was too late in the evening for that. It was just a soft groan.
That was when Rich felt his cock stiffen and let go with his fourth burst of cum for the evening. Beth's cunt reciprocated by squeezing down on Rich as yet another orgasm meandered through Beth's body. Neither made a sound, a first for them for the evening.
Rich had collapsed on Beth's back, as his now spent cock slipped from her pussy. "Get off me you lug," she whispered. "We have to get out of here."
They backed away and scurried around to the front door of their cabin.
What a Long Strange Trip This Has Been
Beth and Rich sat in an empty corner of the Cleveland airport waiting for their delayed flight to San Francisco. There was no one around, so they felt they could talk.
"This wasn't the week at home I expected," Beth said.
"That's an understatement. This week has been . . ." he paused while looking for a word. "I don't know . . . strange."
Beth laughed.
"Feels funny wearing clothes," Rich said.
Beth smiled at him and took a sip of her Starbucks coffee. "So you got used to that?" she asked.
"Yeah, I did."
"So did I," Beth said. "And we both got a great all over tan."
"But I missed this," she continued, holding up her coffee. "I gotta have my daily Starbucks fix."
"So you think they should add a Starbucks outlet to the Camp?" he asked.
"Sure. I can see the add now, 'Baristas wanted for nudist camp. Apply at nearest Starbuck's outlet. Must be willing to work naked and tolerate occasional deviant behavior.'" Beth was giggling.
"I think the 'occasional' wording is false advertising. 'Continuous' might be fairer disclosure."
"Oh ,you're just too much of a lawyer."
"It's too bad we can't have a naked Thursday in our law firm," he said.
"Oh no you don't, mister," Beth said. "I'm not letting you run around naked with some of those hot secretaries in your office. You'll get in trouble in no time. Our night with Cynthia and Jameson was a one-off deal."
Rich hung his head. "Yes I agree. That goes for you too. I think we got a little carried away there."
"Yes, we did."
"Should we be feeling guilty?" he asked.
"How can we?" Beth said. "We were both there and participating. It's hardly cheating when both of us are as involved as we were."
"Good. I don't want to have to feel guilty about what we did." He smiled. "It was too much fun."
Beth laughed. "Yeah it was."
"But never again?" Rich said. "I mean, we might meet the right couple or Jameson and Cynthia might fly out to the West Coast sometime."
Beth laughed. "Rich, you're such a horn dog. But I agree. Maybe, if the situation is right with the right couple, yes I could get into that again. Did I say never again? I don't think so. I just meant we don't have a license to go hunting for someone else. Meanwhile we are on the straight and narrow," Beth continued.
"You mean like Preacher McCoy's straight and narrow?"
Now Beth was laughing hard again. "No, not like Preacher McCoy, the perv."
"Our parents seemed to like him," Rich said.
"Ooh, they sure did. Your mother said he had a big dick," Beth whispered.
"And your mother said he really knew how to use it."
"What about our parents?" Rich asked in a serious tone.
"What about them?" Beth responded turning the question back to Rich.
"I mean are you okay with their lifestyle?"
"Well, like we said when we were driving up to the camp, it's their life, and they are the ones who get to decide how to live it."
"Yeah, I agree. I just wanted to make sure you were comfortable with their 'arrangements'." Rich said.
"Yeah, I'm fine with it," Beth said. "Actually, I'm kind of envious. They've had that four-way relationship for what, thirty years now. And they're able to carry it on without anyone getting jealous or hurt. I wouldn't mind having that, but we lack something."
"What's that?"
"Another couple we've been screwing since high school." Beth laughed. "Those are hard to come by."
"Do you think we went too far watching them having sex?"
Beth thought for a moment. "Yeah, I do feel a little guilty about that. Maybe we shouldn't have done that."
"Yeah, especially the screwing part while we were watching."
Beth was silent. Finally she said, "But god, it was hot, wasn't it?"
"That's the trouble with that place. Everything is so free and open that you wind up doing things you thought you would never do."
"What do you think our parents would have done if they had caught us watching?" Beth asked
Rich smirked. "They probably would have tossed a couple more cushions down and invited us to join them."
"Maybe. They really are liberated about sex aren't they?"
"That's an understatement."
That was when the PA system called their flight to San Francisco and ended their conversation. The back of the plane was packed enough that it wasn't a good place to talk further about their sex lives, but they knew they would in the future. Beth and Rich weren't quite ready to join the swinging lifestyle, but they had tasted it and found it savory.