Alexis tried through the week to get her mind off what she now was about to do. She wondered how it would feel, how she would react, and more. Would it feel better to have two cocks in her instead of just one? Which two holes would they want to use? And perhaps the biggest question - just who were these guys and where was Ashley finding them? Hopefully, they were at least attractive guys.
She had never done anything like that before - let someone else pick out her sex partner. The idea was so erotic, yet so slutty. Based on her conversation with Ashley, it seemed like she was just going to find a couple willing guys, explain the situation, and Alexis would walk in to two guys that she had never seen before, ready to tear into her.
It made her nervous, but excited, too. She liked the idea, she just thought it was extremely slutty. For Alexis, it made her a little tense, and there was only one thing that seemed to relieve that tension - throwing open that window and letting the guys watch her as she gave herself a huge orgasm. She really was starting to love doing that.
On Thursday, as Alexis walked back from class, she noticed a few guys huddled around one of their friends. They were talking and laughing and exclaiming loudly. She knew a couple of the guys from her composition class, so she stepped over to them to see what the fuss was about - probably some lame thing on Twitter or something - but at least it would take her mind off the upcoming weekend for a few seconds.
"Hey guys," she said.
"Oh hi, Alexis. What's up?"
"I was going to ask you guys that."
"Oh, well, some girl - Kyle here has a room that faces the girls' floor in one of the dorms. There's this girl that keeps opening the blinds and - well - she's naked, like she wants to be seen or something. Here, check this out."
The guys handed Alexis a phone. On the screen she could see a video of a girl - her - fucking herself like crazy with a dildo, blinds open, wanting to be watched. Some bastard had taken a video of her!
"Who is this?" She asked. The guys shrugged. Whew, she thought. They didn't recognize her. "Wow," she muttered, handing the phone back. She wanted to say "what a slut," but she was sure she would never hear the end of that comment if anyone ever realized it was her. Numbly she said goodbye and walked back to her dorm, heart pounding.
"Fine," she thought. "These guys want a show, I'll give them a show." The fact that someone had actually made a video of her was dumbfounding her. She was embarrassed, yes, but she was getting wet too at the thought of being seen like that. She knew what she had to do.
After dinner that night, Alexis began to make preparations. She set her chair up again, facing the window. Taking a large scarf out of her closet, she draped it over the chair, and placed her dildo on the seat. Alexis removed all her clothes, opened the blind and turned around so the guys could not see her face, and tied the scarf around her eyes and even her nose. The scarf, serving as a blindfold, did two things - first, the guys would not be able to tell for sure who it was, and second, she would not be able to tell just how many people were watching her.
Alexis sat down in her chair and picked up the dildo, fumbling a little as she did, because she couldn't see through the scarf. At first, she put the dildo in her mouth, getting it all wet with saliva as she ran her fingers over her glistening, swelling pussy. "Here we go," she thought.
A sudden wave of arousal washed over Alexis, and she forced the dildo to the back of her throat. She gagged a little. Perfect. Slipping two fingers into her pussy, she began to finger herself as she forced the dildo into her mouth, a little deeper with each thrust, moaning, needing to be used. Fingering and sucking harder, she moaned again.
It wasn't long before Alexis replaced her fingers with the dildo, using her other hand to force the dildo into her pussy as she licked her fingers clean. "Ohhhh, yes, I'm a slut," she moaned. "Watch me." Another wave of intense arousal hit her as she thought about the fact that she had no idea how many people might be watching. It could be dozens, and she had no idea - all watching her naked, fucking herself for them, taking pictures and videos.
"Ohhhh, yes, take my picture," she moaned. "Make a slutty video. Use me. Jack off to me!" She had the dildo all the way in her pussy now. Caught up in the moment, Alexis became even more turned on, and suddenly, she wanted more - she wanted it in the ass.
Alexis stretched her legs, raising them high in the air and forcing them back near her head as she sat in the chair. Her ass was now exposed to the guys watching as well as she continued to pound her pussy with the dildo. "If only I had another dildo," she thought. She wanted something to push up her little asshole, but what? Her fingers, of course, were the obvious answer, but we're they big enough, or did she want something more cock-sized?
Alexis stood up, knowing she could find something to use in her room. As she turned away from the window, she lifted her blindfold just enough to see what might be available. She thought about her hairbrush, the handle end, a small lotion bottle, and then she saw it. A plastic water bottle, one that she had started to drink from a few days ago and didn't come close to finishing, sat on her desk.
It was a pint bottle, long and narrow, the kind that the flavored sparkling water always seems to be sold in at the pharmacy or grocery store. She grabbed the bottle and some lotion and slid the blindfold down again, clumsily making her way back to her chair. Could she fit that in her ass? It was a little thicker than a cock, but as aroused as she was, she had to try it.
Alexis slathered the bottle in lotion as she hiked her legs up again and put two fingers into her ass to warm up, her fingers covered in lotion as well. They slid into her ass without a problem, eliciting a moan from the slut at the window. She was shaking from excitement knowing what she was about to do. Finally, her ass stretched by her fingers, she picked up the bottle, almost sitting on her back in the chair with her knees near her face. "You want a show?" She said aloud, "then watch this."
Alexis placed the bottle at her asshole and slowly pushed, not really getting anywhere. She turned the bottle around, trying the neck end first, and slipped the cap into her tight ass. Her body was fighting back, trying to reject the object, but Alexis only got more desperate and horny, imagining that she had quite the audience across the way, and just forced it more.
Slowly, the bottle began to disappear into her stretched asshole. It took her almost a minute, it seemed, to get the bottle in up to the end of the short, fat neck, but she knew once her ass had given up and accepted the girth of the object, the rest would be easy. Her ass was on fire, burning, stretched as far as she could imagine. It really did seem like an ultimate test.
Alexis felt the bottle slide deeper into her ass, and as she felt it, she succumbed to her desires, forcing it in farther, deeper, harder. Soon, all but a couple inches were inside her, and at that moment, she had won the war against her stretched, burning asshole. It hurt, worse than she expected, but either she didn't care or she actually started to enjoy it, knowing it was making her look like a true slut to her audience. Slowly but deliberately, she began to fuck her little asshole with the bottle, moving it in and out, back and forth, moaning in both agony and ecstasy.
There was only one more thing for her to do. Alexis took the dildo in her other hand and returned it to its rightful position, pushing it deep within her pussy. The feeling of the bottle in her ass and the dildo in her pussy at the same time gave her pleasure unlike any she had ever experienced. She furiously used the dildo, used the bottle, stuffing her tight holes and feeling every sensation that she could.
"Ohhhh, yes, watch me fuck my ass - watch me fuck my pussy," she whispered, imagining a horde of onlookers. She didn't know how big her audience was, but she imagined it had grown as large as ever by this point. Fantasizing, she imagined guys taking pictures of her from their rooms, taking videos, watching the little whore that she was savagely use her fuckholes for pleasure, wanting to be watched, wishing it would never end.
Alexis imagined the guys in rooms by themselves stroking their cocks beneath the cover of the windowsill as they stretched their necks to get as close as possible to the slut that held their attention so well. She took it up the ass for them, wanting, needing to be watched, to be used by them.
The slut she was becoming, alexis continued the show, slowing down when she felt herself reaching the beginning of an orgasm, wanting it to continue, not wanting to end the pleasure or the show she was putting on - not that an orgasm would have stopped her. And then, finally, it happened. Alexis erupted into a shuddering, trembling orgasm, her legs shaking above her head as she thrust the bottle into her ass as deep as she could, leaving it there, feeling the pressure of the object as it seemed to grind against the dildo inside of her.
"Ohhhhhh, fuck yes! Yes! Yesssss I'm cumming! Ohhhhh yes watch me!" She moaned loudly, unable to contain herself. She waited as the sensation tore into her, frozen, almost unable to move due to the intense spasms that gripped her whole body.
As soon as it was over, Alexis found herself gently fucking her holes again, sliding the objects in and out, felling the pleasure and the sensation again. She was going to make sure this was a real show this time. She continued to fuck herself, building her arousal as she did, imagining again the many guys that must be watching by now.
It didn't take Alexis nearly as long to reach a second orgasm. This one hit her out of nowhere, like a freight train. She had been thinking of the guys watching, but as soon as she thought of her sister, and fantasizes about her watching, an orgasm came on extremely fast. She shuddered and shook again, moaning, unable to form words. This time, she continued to move the objects inside her holes as she came.
"Ohhhh, y - yessss, ohhhhh, ohhhhh!" She moaned.
Alexis wanted one more good, shuddering, rocking orgasm, and she tried to take her time building up to it. She took the dildo out of her pussy, licking it clean before ramming it into the back of her throat, wondering what sort of reaction the guys would have to that maneuver. In a minute, her throat felt raw and used, and she removed the dildo and stretched her pussy with it again.
"Ohhhh, watch me," she moaned. "Watch me fuck myself, all of you. I'm giving you a show! I want all of you to watch me, and see me naked and fucking my pussy and my ass! Please just watch me, it gets me off - it makes me cum - I need it, ohhhhh, I need to be watched, and to know that you are all taking pictures and making videos and showing them to everyone you know! I need to be the slut that lets everyone use her to jack off - I need to show off my body and I need to be watched while I fuck myself, ohhhh!"
Alexis continued to moan and say those words as she moved the bottle and the dildo in rhythm. All of the sudden, she stood, turned around, and turned the chair 90 degrees to the side, propping one knee on it as she let her audience watch her from behind. Soon after her third orgasm came as she let the guys watch her fucking her ass in a new position.
"Ohhhh, yes I love fucking my ass for you - ohhhhh, I want you all to use me, and see me, and - and - one at a time, fuck my dirty little ass and use my pussy!" It was strange; before, she had only fantasized about being watched, but now, the horny little slut she was becoming, she actually wanted them all to have sex with her. In a moment like that, she knew that she would have let them if they were within reach. She came violently, again, shaking hard until she collapsed on the floor.
After what seemed like hours, Alexis stood. She thought she might have had a fourth orgasm as she laid on the floor touching herself, but she wasn't sure. She removed the bottle from her ass, her gaping hole near the window for all to see, the dildo having been already removed from her pussy. She reached for the blinds, her tits pressing up against the window as she did so. Exhausted, humiliated, and satisfied, Alexis pulled down the blinds and took off her scarf, and peeking through the crack in the blinds, she could see roughly thirty guys had been watching. Wow, she thought. Soon after, still horny, she was falling asleep on her bed, exhausted.
She awoke once that night, fingering herself furiously to yet another orgasm. It was like a fountain that couldn't be turned off - she just couldn't control herself anymore. All her slutty behaviors, all her fantasies came to the forefront as she pounded away. Her ass felt strange; she couldn't explain it. It had really been used good. She had the sensation that nature might be calling - or was it just raw? She licked her finger and inserted it into her tight hole, which readily accepted it.
After she came again, Alexis tried to force herself back asleep, finger in her ass and all, wanting to feel the humiliation that would come from having a finger in her ass for the rest of the night.
She awoke in the morning, still naked. She felt like a dirty whore, her finger smelled like ass. She wasn't sure how long it stayed in, but it was no longer in her ass when she woke up. Alexis felt violated, humiliated, and of course, horny. What was wrong with her? She wondered aloud why she liked doing those things to herself so much. Quickly taking a shower, Alexis just couldn't help herself as she dressed. She threw on the half shirt Ashley had made her walk home in the other day, and a jacket and a pair of jeans over her bra and panties, and put on a pair of shoes and went to class.
Yes, she was showing skin. Alexis was still horny and it showed. She just couldn't escape now, she had been aroused for hours on end, almost a whole day, with no end in sight. Perhaps, she was finally starting to understand why Ashley acted the way she did - always willing to have sex with just about anyone, it seemed - always willing to show off more of her body than any decent girl would dare expose.
She sat in two classes, feeling a few eyes on her, unable to cover herself, and unable to relieve the tension that had built inside of her. "So, this is how it feels to be a slut," she thought.
After class, Alexis did her best to try to get her mind off her needs. Tomorrow night would be her threesome, and she could manage to wait until then to find relief from her urges. Reading, watching television, and eating, she tried her best to get her mind off of sex. It worked for a while, and then as soon as she lost her focus it would come rushing back - her need to be watched, to be used, to be fucked.
Alexis tossed and turned in bed that night. Part of her wanted to throw the blinds open again and fuck herself, this time with no cover for her face. Another part of her wanted to do it outside, in the middle of campus. Yet another part of her wanted to walk out half naked and find the first willing guy she could, and bring him back to her room. She thought about trying to go over to the guys' dorm and find someone, anyone, to give her what she needed.
Every few minutes, it seemed like, she would start to touch herself through her clothes and then soon after, when she was just starting to feel pleasure, call it off. She didn't really know what kept her from doing a my of those things. Was she finally coming to her senses, pushing away her fantasies, choosing safety and sanity instead? Was she finally realizing that part of her didn't want complete exposure and humiliation?
Finally, Alexis woke up the next morning. The day of her planned threesome had arrived, and she was going to force herself not to do anything sexual until then. The day went by slowly, Alexis trying not to think about what lay ahead. She wanted it now, yes - she had accepted that she was going to do it and she knew she would like it. Still, part of it was a little frightening to her - two guys at once! Surely that was crossing some sore of line that took her from being a sexy girl that liked to show off a little to being a complete slut.
Finally, Ashley texted her, asking her to meet at her place. Alexis gathered a few things and, taking a deep breath, set out on her way, knowing what Ashley had in store for her.
Ashley opened the door wearing only a bikini top and a pair of ridiculously short shorts, unbuttoned and folded down, her bikini bottoms peeking out, her belly button ring glistening in the light.
"Ashley, what are you wearing? Seriously?" Alexis said, astonished yet again, but smiling at her nonetheless.
"Well, someone had to get the guys hard for you," she said. Looking behind her sister, Alexis could see that there were two guys sitting on the couch. Neither was ugly, but only one of them was really attractive.
"This is Andrew," Ashley said, pointing at the better looking of the two, "and this is Garrett. I was just in the middle of giving them a lap dance, want to watch, or join in?" Alexis just stared.
"So, I hear you're the fresh meat tonight," Garrett said. "Not bad, Ashley! Your little sister has a body on her."
"Yeah, that's me," Alexis said, red-faced. She wasn't used to making small talk with the guys before she got fucked - at least not recently.
"Want to get a better look at that body?" Ashley said, clicking a button on a remote to start some dance music as she tugged at the bottom of Alexis' top. She raised her arms and the top came off quickly, leaving Alexis visibly wearing only a bra and jeans. Already she was beginning to get turned on, aroused by the looks of approval she got as the guys looked over their playmate for the evening.
Soon, Ashley was unbuttoning her sister's jeans and pulling them down, giving the guys a good view of her black lace thong that she had picked out for the occasion. Alexis stood nervously, allowing her body to be evaluated by the two guys. It was one thing to show off to random people, she thought, but when you knew you were going to have sex with someone, especially two guys she had just met, it felt a little different.
Ashley followed suit, taking off her shorts, now wearing only a bikini. She got down on all fours as Alexis watched and crawled over to the guys on the couch. Slowly she crawled on top of Garrett, who was still sitting on the couch, and began to grind her bikini-clad ass into his crotch as Alexis looked on.
"You can touch me, you know," Ashley practically begged as she felt his prick rise in his pants. "It isn't a strip club!" She felt his hands grab her hips almost immediately as she moved to the beat of the music. "And Alexis, I don't know what you're waiting on - you know why these guys are here! I'm just helping warm them up for you!"
Alexis slowly walked over to Andrew, nervously stepping forward in her lace thong and bra. She looked at him nervously for a long moment, knowing what she had to do, but wanting to put it off as long as possible. Looking over, she saw Ashley grinding hard on Garret's lap, shaking her slutty ass for him and moving his right hand from her hip to her bikini, giving him a feel of her pussy through her bikini.
"Come on, Alexis, I brought them here for you! You'll like this if you just give it a chance," said Ashley. Reluctantly, Alexis turned around and climbed on top of Andrew, who didn't need to be told he could feel her up any way he wanted.
Soon Alexis was grinding on him, moving her hips to the music, and Andrew cupped his left hand over her left breast as he caressed her stomach and hip with his right. Before she knew it, Alexis began to enjoy feeling his cock stiffen, and began to want to feel like the slut that she knew she longed to be in these moments of sexual tension.
Alexis turned to face Andrew, letting her breasts graze his chest and even his face. She pulled off his shirt and moved closer, grinding her pussy directly on his hard cock and her stomach and chest on his bare skin. Before she knew what was happening, his hands had unclasped her bra and she had thrown it across the room, mashing her tits into his body and kissing his neck as he squeezed her tight ass with both hands.
"That's it, girl," said Andrew. "Give me that sexy body." His words sent Alexis into a frenzy, humping his dick through his pants as she gave the lap dance of a lifetime. Slowly she slid down to the floor and removed his pants, eager to feel his hard cock without so much material in the way.
Once finished, Alexis turned around again and climbed back on top, placing her knees on the couch near his elbows and letting her bare tits caress his dick through his boxer shorts.
"Yeah, that's it, you sexy little..."
"Slut," said Alexis, softly cutting him off.
"What's that?" Asked Andrew.
"You were about to say I'm a sexy little slut," said Alexis. She didn't look, but Ashley was grinning ear to ear as she heard Alexis ask to be degraded like that. If she didn't already know she had her sister in her grasp, she did now.
"Well, you sexy little slut, bring that ass up here," he said, placing his hands near his chest. As she did, he helped her out of her panties, leaving her completely nude. She turned around again as he began to fondle her body, and she ground her pussy on his cock to the beat of the music as she dove in for a passionate kiss, moaning.
Reaching down, Andrew quickly removed his boxers, his penis springing up into the air before quickly disappearing inside Alexis' wet, waiting pussy.
"Ohhhh, yes, fuck me like the little slut I am!" Alexis moaned. Looking over, she saw Ashley a little too preoccupied to signal her approval - she was nude as well, and so was Garrett, and she was sucking his cock like her life depended on it, taking his shaft balls deep into her slobbering mouth.
Realizing what was happening at the sound of Alexis' moans, she looked up. "Here you go, Alexis, I brought them here for you, and this one's all ready!" Alexis looked to see Garret's hard cock, just as Ashley had prepared it. "Maybe you want to use my bedroom - it'll be more comfortable?"
Andrew scooped Alexis up and carried her off to Ashley's bedroom, Garrett not far behind. He was going to close the door, but Ashley stopped him. "I want to listen - maybe even watch," she said.
Ashley was quickly placed on the bed, on all fours, and Andrew mounted her from behind, thrusting his cock deep inside of her while Garrett displayed his cock directly in front of her face. Alexis slowly began to tease the tip of his dick with her tongue.
"You want to have two cocks at once, you sexy little slut?" Asked Garrett, practically his first words to her. The thought of it, and the humiliation of it all, began to sink in, and Alexis knew what she needed.
"Yes, please, I want that cock," Alexis moaned. She soon had Garrett's cock deep in her mouth, sucking and moaning as Andrew fucked her pussy from behind.
Meanwhile, in the living room, Ashley had settled in nicely, placing a plug in her ass and thrusting a dildo in her pussy as she listened to the moans and gurgles of her sister, who was nicely developing into the slut Ashley wanted her to be. Ashley really did get aroused at the thought of her sister getting pounded by two dicks, and slowly began to slip out of reality and into a land of fantasy where the two girls became the campus sluts for use by any dick at any time, anywhere, in front of anyone, together.
"Ohhhh, please give it to me, both of you, use me, use my slutty body!" Alexis moaned. "Yes, yes!" As soon as she had finished speaking she was sucking Garett's cock again. She sucked and bucked her hips dutifully, allowing the two guys to use her just as she begged them to do.
"You like that you little filthy slut?" Asked Garrett.
"Yes, I love having two cocks inside of me, please, please give me more." Again she was soon sucking him, taking his hard cock as much as she could before stopping to speak again. "It makes me feel like such a fucking slut to have two cocks inside me...but I love, ohhhhh, I love feeling like a filthy fucking slut!"
"Ohhhh, yes, you are a filthy fucking slut taking two dicks like this," Andrew chimed in from behind and Alexis went back to sucking Garrett's cock. Alexis couldn't believe what she was hearing or saying or feeing. Never in her wildest dreams did she imagine she would actually be having a threesome with two guys instead of fantasizing about it, or that she would be admitting that she actually wanted to feel like a slut or to even be one. She felt so dirty, so slutty, so used, and she was absolutely loving it.
"You know what would make me even more of a slut?" Alexis asked rhetorically. Both guys stopped momentarily as they waited for her next words. "If - if - if one of you fucked me in the ass." As if on cue, Garrett laid down on the bed, pulling Alexis on top of him as he positioned his throbbing cock to enter her pussy. Meanwhile, Andrew positioned himself behind her and, after taking some lube Ashley had kindly left on the nightstand for the occasion and squirting her ass in preparation, slowly slid his hard dick into her asshole.
The sensation of having one cock in her ass and another in her pussy was too much for Alexis, and now that her mouth was free, she began to really talk dirty. "Ohhhh, yes, fuck my ass!" She moaned. "Yes, yes, I'm such a slut, fucking two guys at once and taking it up the ass! Ohhh, yes, use my ass! Use my pussy! Ohhhh, pound me, fuck me hard!"
"You like being a filthy little slut?" One of the guys asked. Alexis had no idea which one. She hadn't even known the guys long enough to tell their voices apart.
"Yes, ohhhh, I love being a filthy little slut and letting you guys just use my slutty holes!"
"You like fucking two guys you just met? Do you like being a piece of ass for us?"
"Yes! Yes! I love getting fucked by guys I just met! Ohhhhh fuck yes! And I love having two at once, ohhhh god yes, fuck me!" Alexis truly meant those words. She really was starting to enjoy letting loose and just letting her body be used by strangers - and she was starting to learn that two cocks felt better than one. It made her feel like such a slut to be used like that, but in this moment, it was everything she craved to be. Her body arched and bucked as she greedily accepted the pounding the guys were giving her. Her libido was in complete control. She needed to be the biggest slut she could be.
After a good long pounding from the two guys, Andrew took his cock out of her ass as he admired his work. "Wow, look at that gaping asshole," he commented. "It looks like it's been through hell!"
"Well why don't you put it through hell again, please, please just fuck my ass!" Begged Alexis.
"Sure, but since you want to be a nasty slut and all, maybe you want to clean it off for me, and then we can switch? Something tells me you really might enjoy that." As he spoke, Andrew moved around to position his dick in front of Alexis' face, hoping she would suck his cock, freshly removed from her ass, but she shook her head in protest.
"I'm sorry, but that's just too nasty," Alexis said, laughing. She wasn't really put off by it, or turned off for that matter, and if she were honest with herself she would have had to admit that she considered it briefly, but she just didn't feel like she was willing to suck clean a cock that had been inside her ass a moment ago.
"Oh, come on, a slut like you, you have to be an ass to mouth girl!"
"Sorry," she said. Before she could say more, another figure appeared before her. It was Ashley. Looking at her, Alexis could see that her makeup had been running and she was sweaty and nude and holding a dildo in her hand.
"Ashley? What are you doing?!"
"I've been out there fucking myself listening to your debauchery," she said with a wink. "But I thought you needed a little encouragement. Here, watch me." Alexis watched in amazement as Ashley turned around, bent over and pulled a medium sized plug out of her ass, and turned back around and brought it to her face.
Sure, Alexis still hadn't quite gotten used to the fact that Ashley got really horny watching and listening to her have sex or even masturbate. It was strange to her - after all, they were sisters! She was a little surprised that Ashley had freely admitted to fucking herself to the sound of her getting nailed by two guys. Alexis began to wonder if Ashley wasn't a little too turned on by her sexual exploits. "If she gets this turned on listening to me and watching me," Alexis thought, "if she finds me this sexy - does she want to hook up with me?"
Alexis almost shuddered at the thought. They were sisters! It was a line Alexis wasn't wiling to cross. She thought it was strange when Ashley wanted to masturbate together, although she eventually got over that. Now, she thought it was a little more strange that Ashley got so turned on by listening to her fuck two guys and beg to be their little slut. "Would she ever try - no, no, she surely wouldn't to that!" Alexis thought.
Those thoughts, however worrisome, were quickly washed away as Alexis watched in amazement as Ashley seductively began to tease the tip of her plug with her tongue. She licked the plug fresh out of her ass, teasing its length before opening her mouth, readily accepting the toy and all the nastiness that came with it. Alexis watched as Ashley began to touch her pussy as she used her tongue to massage every inch of the toy that had just been in her ass.
"Ashley, oh my god, that's so nasty!" Alexis said.
"Yes, it's nasty," said Ashley, removing the plug and reinserting it into her ass. "Nasty, filthy, disgusting, it tastes awful - and it's really humiliating, and it is such a turn on! So sexy and slutty! Are you sure you don't want to try?"
Ashley watched as Alexis took a moment to respond. She could see the wheels of thought turning in Alexis' mind. After a few long seconds, however, she decided Alexis might need just a little more encouragement.
"Here, let me show you again," said Ashley. This time, she didn't use the plug - she went straight for Andrew's cock, still fresh from Alexis' ass. Moving in, she teased the head with her tongue before using her mouth to envelope the entire shaft.
"Ohhhh, good girl, clean that cock you little slut!" Andrew could feel her tongue as it swirled, massaging every inch of his dick and deliberately unlocking whatever filth might be coating it, turning her tongue through every fold of skin and every inch she could find. Humiliated, and outrageously horny, Ashley swallowed.
"Ashley! That's - that was just in my ass! We're sisters! That's so wrong!" Alexis objected.
"Maybe a little - but so fucking hot! I never thought I'd get a chance to taste your ass, Alexis, and this way, it's not like I'm actually touching your body or anything, so it's not really that wrong."
"Yeah I guess, but - ". Alexis stopped. She secretly was so turned on by watching Ashley suck Andrew's dick, knowing that it had just been in her ass, knowing that she was tasting her own sister's nasty ass on that dick, that she just didn't have words anymore. She couldn't admit how much she liked it - was she weird? Why would that turn her on so much? Secretly, she began to wonder if she was a little too aroused by her sister, just like her sister was a little too aroused by her.
She didn't have time to contemplate where that mutual attraction might eventually lead, as Ashley began to speak. "Ok, well, I'll leave you three alone. I think you've had enough encouragement - maybe now you'll actually do it - trust me, you'll love it." With that, Ashley left the room.
Ashley began to slowly suck Andrew's cock, knowing her sister had probably dealt with anything unsavory that might have been on it, and Garrett positioned himself to enter her ass.
"You know that doesn't count, Alexis, it has to come straight from your ass," said Andrew.
"I know. I'll be a good little slut for you next time." Alexis couldn't believe she was actually saying those words. They sort of slipped out before she knew what she was saying, but she just agreed to do ass to mouth. Maybe it wouldn't be that bad. Slowly, she settled back into a rhythm of letting one guy use her ass and the other her mouth, rocking her body to accept each thrust. And slowly, she began to want to be told how much of a filthy slut she was, and began to even want to try to taste her own ass.
"Yessss, fuck my ass," she moaned. "Make me your little ass to mouth slut!"
"Oh fuck yes, take it up the ass for me, you little fuckdoll!" Garrett moaned. It just turned Alexis on more to be called names like that.
"You guys want to - want to trade places?" Alexis asked shyly. "Come on, I want to learn to taste my own ass, to clean your dicks after you fuck me. I want to be the biggest slut on campus!" Alexis was so turned on she actually thought she wanted just that - although she had a long ways to go to catch up with her whore of a sister.
The guys didn't have to be told twice. Garrett pulled out of her ass and Alexis turned around, facing his cock, as Andrew began to penetrate her gaping hole.
"Want me to be a nasty little girl and clean that cock for you?" Alexis asked Garrett, seductively.
"Yes, taste your ass on my cock, bitch!" Being called "bitch" for the first time in her life drove Alexis wild. It was less than a second before she was teasing Garrett's cock with her tongue, and soon she no longer wondered how nasty it might be to suck a cock right out of her ass.
"Wow, this is fucking sick," she thought. She almost couldn't bear the taste at first, but something about that awful taste made her feel extremely humiliated, and something about that humiliation was so arousing she couldn't stop herself from wanting more.
"That's it, slut, how does your ass taste?" Garrett asked.
"It tastes so fucking nasty, so nasty!" She said. Immediately she opened her mouth and took the whole cock as far as she could, savory my every bit of the nastiness that she tasted and felt.
"There you go, slut! Taste that nasty ass!" He pushed the back of her head so that she actually gagged on his cock before letting go.
"Oh my god that's so disgusting," Alexis said. "And I want more." She really meant it. Fucking two guys and tasting her own ass, she had never been more turned on in her life. She really was a little fucking disgusting slut and she craved even more. Her sexual energy would not let her even think about stopping or turning back - instead she turned around again to taste her ass on a different cock.
"Come over here, slut," said Andrew. "Do it again." Alexis didn't have to be told. She didn't even bother with the teasing this time; instead, she went straight for the prize. She opened her mouth and took his dick as far into her mouth as she could, scrubbing every inch with her tongue.
"Do you like tasting your own ass?" He asked.
"Oh god, I love tasting my own ass! I'm such a little slut, I want more! Fuck my ass, Garrett, pound me really deep. Make it hurt! Make me take it, and then make me lick it clean!" No sooner had she said those words than he was buried balls deep in her ass, pounding her as she continued to suck Andrew's cock.
"Ohhhh, fuck, pound my ass! Make it sore!" She moaned. Her ass had swelled and now readily accepted the brutal fucking he was giving her. There really was no need to beg - he was giving it to her ass with all he had.
"You know what you're going to do, slut? You're going to take it up the ass until I'm about to cum, then you're going to suck my cock while I cum in your mouth. And then you're going to swallow, and then we switch and you do it again."
"Ohhhhh God that's so hot, make me cum first, I want to cum while I taste my own ass! Yessss fuck me, fuck my ass!" Alexis began to use a free hand to touch her pussy - it hadn't been fucked in several rounds of switching now but it was dripping wet and eager to be used. As she closed her eyes and closed her mouth on Andrew's cock, she wondered what it would be like to have three guys instead of two.
It only took her moments to cum. The humiliation washed over her and she pushed against Garret's body, forcing his cock as deep as it could go as she convulsed. "Ohhhh fuck yes, fuck, ohhhhhh! Yes fuck me! Use me! Make me a whore!" She moaned. "I'm such a fucking nasty - nasty ass-tasting, used up - nasty ass - I'm such a - ohhhhh, I'm a dumb little slut!" She came as she moaned those words at the top of her lungs, but she knew she was far from finished.
Soon Garrett had pulled his cock out of her ass and flipped her onto her back, pulling her face to his cock. "Taste that nasty ass, slut, ohhhh I'm going to cum!" He moaned as she eagerly took his cock into her mouth as far as she could. He pinned her tone bed and roughly fucked her mouth like he had her ass, thrusting his cock in and out of her mouth.
"Ohhhh, you fucking love this nasty shit, don't you, slut?" He asked.
"Mmmhmmm."
"You love tasting your ass on my cock, don't you, slut?"
"Mmmmhmmmm."
"You want me to cum in your mouth, ohhhhh, I'm going to cum!"
"Mmmmhmmmm."
With that, Garrett's cock exploded, filling her mouth with a thick load of salty semen. He moaned as he filled her mouth with his cum, splurt after splitting hitting the back of her throat as her tongue mixed the taste of his cum with the taste of her ass inside her mouth, turning the mixture into a foul mess she couldn't wait to swallow.
He pulled out, and Alexis opened her mouth to show the guys the load inside before swallowing it down eagerly. "Mmmmmm," she moaned. "Your cum and my ass taste so good together."
"Ok, you filthy fucktoy, now it's my turn," said Andrew. He lined up behind her, bending her legs until her knees were near her face, and put his cock into her ass yet again as she moaned in ecstasy.
"I'm going to give you another load," he said, "and before you swallow it, you're going to go show it to your whore of a sister. I think you'd both like that, wouldn't you?"
"Ohhhhh, fuck yes!" Moaned Alexis. The thought of showing Ashley a mouth filled with cum immensely aroused her - it was humiliating and slutty and just what she needed. Ashley was listening in the next room, of course, fucking herself furiously, and she couldn't wait.
"Yes, yes, fuck my ass and make me taste it and give me that cum, please fuck me!" Moaned Alexis. Andrew was happy to pound her ass, his balls slapping against her and his cock becoming buried deeper with each thrust. It didn't take long before he was ready to cum too.
"Ohhhh, damn, such a sexy piece of ass, you want to taste your ass and get another load of cum?"
"Ohhhh please, make me taste my ass, fuck my mouth and make me show it to Ashley!"
Andrew did just as Garrett had moments prior, and pulled out of her ass and moved quickly to her mouth, grabbing her by the back of the head and fucking her mouth as if it were her pussy. He used her hard as she moaned and gurgled in delight, savoring the taste of her ass as she basked in her use.
"Mm, mbg, mm!" She moaned as he fucked her mouth.
"Yes, ohhhh yes you little slut, take my cum in your mouth," Andrew moaned. A second later, he began to unleash a stream of cum inside her waiting, willing mouth. Alexis moaned as her mouth was filled to the brim once again.
"Okay, slut. Now go show her," Andrew said, pulling his cock out of her mouth. She exited the bedroom with both guys behind her, only to see Ashley on the couch, her knees near her ears, with the plug still in her ass, fucking her pussy. She paused as Alexis came closer.
"Hi there, you have something to show me, I hear?"
"Mmmhmmm," Alexis hummed as she nodded, not wanting to spill the contents.
"We'll come closer, I'm not getting up." Alexis moved closer, standing over her, unsure how to go about doing what Ashley was asking her to do. Ashley helped her figure it out, though, taking her hand and pulling her gently until her face was no more than a foot or two from Ashley's.
"Ok, open up, and count to thirty. I want to get a good long look at you." Alexis did as she was told, opening her mouth to display the gooey white mess inside, and began to count.
"Wow, what a little slut you're turning out to be!" Ashley commented. "Your first threesome, your first ass to mouth, shouting how much of a slut you are - isn't she a little slut?" She asked the guys. They nodded and answered in the affirmative.
Alexis just stood there, utterly humiliated by showing her big sister a mouth full of cum and listening to the commentary. She felt so used, so worthless, so slutty, and yet she was so aroused by it that she loved it and found herself craving more.
Finally thirty seconds had passed, and Alexis closed her mouth, accidentally dribbling a small amount of the cum out as she did so, and she watched as it landed squarely on Ashley's stomach. Ashley scooped it up with her finger and watched as Alexis seductively swallowed. They guys clapped their hands and high fived as they knew their mark had been left in the pit if Alexis' stomach.
Ashley took the cum on her finger and, looking at Alexis, placed her finger to her lips and licked seductively, cleansing the goo from her finger before swallowing the little bit that was spilled. Alexis looked on in awe, knowing that it contained not only Andrews cum, but also her saliva and ass mixed in. She couldn't believe Ashley would actually do that, but now there was no doubt.
"Mmmmm," Ashley moaned. She picked the dildo up off the couch and began to insert it back into her pussy. "Well, you guys can go if you want, or you can stay here and watch me," she said. Andrew and Garrett sat down to watch the show; however, Alexis started to pick up her clothes.
"I think I'm going to go, actually, Ash. I'm a little sore and kinda tired. Call me?"
"Yeah, we'll talk," Ashley said with a smile, and Alexis knew she meant there was more to come. Alexis quickly left and headed back to her room.
Neither sister was really finished. Alexis headed back to her room where her urges overcame her again, and she threw open her blinds and gave the guys across the way another show - a show that included an ass to mouth performance on a dildo this time. She went from her ass to her mouth to her ass to her mouth over and over until she collapsed from exhaustion.
Ashley, meanwhile, fucked herself crazy in front of the two guys, all three talking dirty and calling her a slut and a cumrag and a stupid bimbo. Ashley fantasized about the day that she might swallow a load of cum spit into her mouth by none other than her slut of a sister, and the day that she would thrust her tongue into her sister's gaping asshole. The guys listened in awe as she recited these fantasies, fucking herself into oblivion until she called it a night and the guys went home after jacking off onto her tits and stomach and face as she fucked herself.
Both girls were fully satisfied, and slept well, thinking and dreaming of what sort of adventures they might get into when they next saw each other. For Ashley, it was just another chapter in her slutty story, but for Alexis, this was still just the beginning.