Tommy is 5'7, very slim and has brown hair. He likes to hike and swim for physical exercise. He doesn't do these religiously, he only hikes when he gets horny.
Tommy has been figuring out he like to do exhibitionist activities but is scared to do them himself, so he finds people online to push his boundaries. Tommy uploaded a picture of himself made a status that said, "going for a hike someone control my clothes." After about 45 seconds, Tommy had over 10 people add him. One guy named Willdom was the one who stood out to him. Tommy slowly cut off conversation with everyone else and was now only chatting with Willdom.
Willdom was nice but Tommy noticed that he was a bit stern. He did as Willdom asked and sent a picture of him fully dressed head to toe and then proceeded to take off his shirt and send the picture as was instructed.
After about 15 minutes, Tommy was down to his jock strap, socks and shoes. Willdom said "take off the jock and put it in your mouth." Tommy complied and was now feeling very exposed. He saw a notification pop up on his screen.
*Willdom screenshotted your photo*
Tommy asked him what he was doing and he said, "Saving this for future use," Willdom replied. "Cute face and cock. But now I want to see you take those shoes and socks off in a video." Tommy reluctantly did as he was told and now he had absolutely nothing on his body. The sun was beaming on his body that was as naked as the day he was born. Tommy was nervous that anyone would walk by him on the hike. Willdom said he wants a video of Tommy placing his clothes at all different trails, to which Tommy replied, "I don't know if I can do that sir."
"I don't think you understand. You don't have a choice."
Tommy made a loud gulp and did as he was told. He put all of his clothes in his backpack and started walking towards marker one. Willdom was now saving every picture and video Tommy sent him, which made Tommy's heart race. He's never had anyone do this to him before. Once Tommy approached marker "A," he removed his shirt and put it on top of the sign. Willdom said instructed Tommy that the articles of clothing must be in plain sight and if someone walks by they see it without looking.
After 40 minutes, Tommy had all of his clothes scattered throughout the trails. Willdom said he was very pleased so he sent him the first picture Tommy received which was a picture of his hard cock. This got Tommy excited and asked him, "What's next?" Willdom instructed him to now go the main entrance of the park to which Tommy stated that, "that's too much for me." 30 seconds later Tommy gets a notification from his app that says he was tagged in Willdoms story. He opened the app to see a picture of his naked body head to toe posted on Willdoms story. The caption stated "He doesn't know how to listen."
This made Tommy's cock hard. Tommy was very confused because he was terrified who could see that picture and also wondering how this made him so aroused. He asked Willdom to remove the photo and that was rejected instantly. Willdom replied with, "this will stay up until you do what I ask. Every 15 minutes that passes without him getting a picture at the entrance, that photo will be sent to 15 people. Tommy was now in panic mode as he was about 30 minutes from the beginning of the park. Willdom replied with "I guess you better run."
Tommy sprinted to the front and got there in about 20 minutes. "Good job," Willdom replied. "Only 15 people had this photo sent to them." Once Tommy sent the picture of him standing at the entrance with two thumbs up, showing a complete full frontal he asked Willdom to take the photo down."
Willdom was not very happy with how long it took so he told Tommy it would be staying up until they completed their fun. Tommy asked how many people have seen the picture, to which Willdom replied with, "250."
Tommy was walking away as Willdom stated, "did I say you could leave?" Tommy replied with "no," and was instructed to stand there for 15 minutes and jerk his cock. He was not allowed to let it get soft the entire time he was standing there.
Tommy made it all but 10 minutes before his boner went flaccid because of nerves. Willdom did not like that, so he told Tommy to check his story. This time it was a collage of Tommy hanging up every article of clothing over the signs. The caption said, "Go visit him at Crystal Clear Falls. See if you can find his clothes before he does." Tommy's heart sunk, he didn't know what to do. He begged Willdom to remove the photos as this isn't want he wanted. Willdom said, "You wanted a push, didn't you?" All the color drained from Tommy's face as he saw a man standing in front of him with a camera. Tommy knew he wasn't there to catch him as he looked like the man was going to take nature pictures.
Tommy booked it from the entrance and ran until he couldn't anymore. He sent Willdom a video explaining what happened and Willdom was NOT happy.
"Did I say you could leave?"
"There was someone standing in front of me with a camera," Tommy replied.
"Get. Back. Out. There." Willdom said in return. "You were only there for 13 minutes."
"I can't do it," Tommy replied.
"For every 5 minutes that passes, 20 people are going to be sent your photos." Willdom said. Tommy was PISSED. "This is blackmail. You can't do this." Willdom reminded Tommy that he consented to being screenshotted, which now means he owns the photos and Tommy lost all right to what happens to them. Once Tommy read that message, his cock was dripping precum. Tommy was mad but horny. "How could that be?" He thought.
Tommy started to walk to the entrance and his hard cock was flopping up and down with each step. Tommy felt a wave of ecstasy when he saw Willdoms message "Looks like this little slut likes our game. Knowing the longer it takes to get to the front, the more people see his pathetic, little cock." Then Tommy realized he forgot that Willdom will send random people his naked photos if he didn't get there quick enough. Tommy started to run because at this point 10 minutes have passed since Willdom gave him the warning. That meant, now 55 people have received his nudes.
Tommy was running and tripped over a bump on the ground and fell. Once he lifted his head a bit, he saw shoes standing in front of him. He proceeded to look all the way up to see the man with a camera, standing over him holding his shirt. The man said "Is this yours?" Willdom told Tommy to say no if anyone caught him. Tommy was scared to break the rules because he was pretty sure what would happen. He said "No," and the man took a step over him and continued to walk the opposite direction. As Tommy was standing up, he heard a few clicks from the camera. "Thought I could take these a souvenir."
Tommy got to the front entrance and was instructed to stand there and jerk until he cums. Willdom said it didn't matter if someone walked by, he wasn't allowed to stop. Tommy was scared to not listen so he obliged. He set his phone on a branch and started to record himself jerking off. Willdom sent him a message "close your eyes and don't open them until you are cumming." This made Tommy extra horny and nervous at the same time. He heard footsteps walk by him and he was trying to figure out how many people were waking by. He didn't hear anyone say anything besides a snicker.
Once Tommy was on the edge of cumming, he opened his eyes to see the man with the camera walking to his car. He thought, "this is it." He received a message right before cumming saying, "put on a show for him"
Tommy started moaning loud. He was rocking back and forth from his normal stance to his tippy toes and thrusting his hips. His eyes locked with the man when he released 4 thick ropes of cum. He let out the biggest moan of his life and it was not quiet. The man laughed and showed Tommy that he had a backpack that looked VERY similar to his. He said "I think you'll be missing something."
Tommy then realized ALL of this clothes were being stolen. The man closed the car door and started his car. That was when Tommy's body caught up with his head and he started running towards the car. The man had left the parking lot so quickly that Tommy couldn't catch up. He put his hand on his head, dropped to the ground and let out a scream. "WHAT THE FUCK AM I GOING TO DO?"
He then walked to grab his phone and then went to his bike and started to take the 30 minute bike ride home completely naked.
Just as he was down the street from his house, Tommy received a message from Willdom, "Thanks for your clothes, I'll make sure to put them to good use." Tommy instantly knew that the old man with a camera was Willdom. He didn't even think to ask Willdoms "ASL" because he was so horny when they added each other.
2 hours later Tommy gets a notification on his phone from Willdom. It's a blank text that looks like a link to a website. He clicked the link to see that the video of him cumming completely naked was posted to a porn site and it said, "This video will expire in 2 years." He thought "how the fuck can that be?" He clicked into post and saw that people extend the video and it will be deleted once the timeframe is complete. The more people who extend, the more time it's posted. Then Tommy noticed another thing. The "download button." It was posted 3 hours ago with already 120 extensions and 200 downloads.
Tommy knew that he would never live this down.