I worked at an old Subway in a strip mall on the rougher side of town. It was hardly ever busy, and even when it was busy, there were only like three customers in the store at a time. It certainly wasn't the most interesting job out there, but I was able to spend most of my time watching movies or catching up on homework. Whenever I was trying to avoid doing work or just wanted to sit down for a bit, I went to the bathroom and wasted the time away.
I was always good about locking the door behind me. I tried to avoid awkward situations whenever possible, and having someone walk in on you while you were taking a piss certainly counted as an awkward situation. One night, though, I must have forgotten. I had pulled an all-nighter the day before, studying for an exam in Uni, and I was sleepwalking through my shift. As I plopped down on the toilet, I pulled out my phone, brought up Literotica, and started scrolling. This wasn't the first time that I would be jerking off at work, and it wouldn't be the last. The easiest and most interesting way to kill time on a slow evening was to pet the old one-eyed snake.
I pulled out my dick and started rubbing it slowly. It was of average size and girth, as far as I could tell. The only other ones I'd seen were in porn, and those were hardly a reliable reference. I leaned against the back of the toilet and tried to make myself comfortable.
As I began to pull up one of my favorite stories, the door to the bathroom burst open. My tiny little Subway only had one bathroom, and, as you may have guessed, I had forgotten to lock the door. A girl about my age tucked herself into the bathroom and locked the door behind her. She was on the smaller side but was quite an attractive woman. Her back was turned as she locked the door, giving me some time to try to stuff my dick back in my pants, but it seemed as though my brain was short-circuiting. As she turned around, I gulped but couldn't force myself to move.
"Oh!" she exclaimed, blushing. "I see I've interrupted you."
"Uhhh," I mumbled intelligently, still not able to move a muscle.
"I really need to pee," she told me, blushing harder. "Would you mind if I helped you speed this up a bit?"
It was my turn to blush. "Um, well, uh..."
She smiled bashfully and put a finger to her lips as she knelt before me. I stared in disbelief as she took my dick from my hands and started to examine it. She stroked it softly, rubbing up and down in a patient, rhythmic fashion. She planted a dainty kiss on the tip, and I sighed with pleasure. She glanced up at me and smiled coyly, before returning her attention to my aching penis, taking the whole head in her mouth.
She paused, savoring my unique flavor and giving me time to breathe. Her tongue ran across the bottom of my dick, sending waves of pleasure up my shaft and into my torso. I stroked her hair appreciatively as her head started bobbing her head up and down.
I sucked in a breath, trying to make myself last as long as I could. She was working in earnest now, sucking with all her might and working her tongue across the top of my dick. I moaned happily as a warm feeling started to expand from my balls to the base of my dick, and then all the way to the tip. I held on as long as I could.
"Here it comes!" I warned her. Instead of pulling back, she pushed forward, pressing her nose into my belly and sticking my dick into the back of her mouth. I could hold it in no longer. My cum blasted deep into her throat, shot after shot after shot of the sticky liquid. I hadn't cum like that in a long, long time. After what seemed like an eternity, she pulled back, opening her mouth to show me she had swallowed as much as she could. My head flopped backward as I huffed and puffed, trying to regain my breath.
The girl stood shakily and crossed her legs. "Um," she started shyly. "I still need to use the bathroom."
"Oh, uh, yeah," I stammered, standing awkwardly. "I, um, should probably get back to work." I wiped off my penis with a bit of toilet paper, stuffed it back into my pants, and left the bathroom quickly, not sure what else to do.
After a while, the girl came out of the bathroom and ordered her sandwich as if nothing had happened. I did my best to focus on making her sub, because I knew I'd mess something up if I tried to keep sneaking glances at her. As I rang up her order, she handed me a wad of cash and said "Keep the change," before strolling out of the store. I glanced at the cash she handed me and noticed a piece of paper with a phone number scrawled in hasty handwriting. I'm still not quite sure what happened that day, but I sure am glad that I forgot to lock the door.