Author's Note:This story doesn't fit neatly into a single category. The narrative touches upon various topics, including: exhibitionism, humiliation, power/control, coercion, and gay sex.
I stood in the hotel bathroom looking at my reflection in the large mirror. My heart was racing with a mixture of excitement and dread. I was trying to psych myself up. The words'You can do it!'were playing on a loop in my head. A stoic façade stared back at me; it was reassuring to know that others wouldn't be able to see my anxiety.
At twenty-seven years old, I looked really good for my age. It was one of the perks of not having any children. All my friends had developed beer bellies as they'd settled into domestic bliss and stopped caring about their appearances. I still had the time and energy to go to the gym each day after work.
I had just finished styling my hair. I used a product that made my blond locks look spiky and wet with dew. I wanted it to appear as if I had just finished showering. I focused on my hazel eyes, noticing how the outer perimeters were honey-hued while the centers were forest green.
I didn't shave that day, since I thought I looked the most attractive when I had some stubble. Along with my wide, square jaw, it gave my face a rugged, masculine quality. I smiled, as if practicing how I would disarm any tension that would likely arise over the next hour. I even shrugged a little to ensure that my body language came across as genuine.
At six-foot-three, I knew that my height was both an asset and a liability. It made it so that people found me more attractive, and it made it so I couldn't exactly disappear into the background. My frame was packed with muscle; I had tried to maintain the same habits that had allowed me to thrive as the quarterback on my college's football team.
My biceps were large enough that they appeared as though they were always flexing at least a little. My pecs bugled out in front of me; if someone looked closely, they could tell that I shaved my chest hair off. I ran my fingers across my six-pack. I was incredibly proud of my abs. It had taken countless crunches to keep them well-defined, so I didn't feel vain. I'd done the work and deserved the reward.
My dick hung down between my firm thighs. At seven inches soft, I was the quintessential 'show-er.' In college, I was the guy who got playfully teased for my larger-than-average size. I kept my blond pubic hair trimmed into a small patch above my dick's girthy root. My balls looked well-proportioned to my cock, even if they were a bit pendulous.
I rotated so my back was facing the mirror, and I turned my neck to look behind me. My firm, muscular ass stared back at me. It had taken me a while to like my backside. In college, I hadn't appreciated it. I had always thought it didn't match the rest of my physique since it was what I'd later learned people described as a 'bubble-butt'. With time, I'd learned to love it. I bounced up and down on my heels; it gently jiggled in response to my movements.
Tap, tap, tap!
The door started to open as my wife, Chloe, entered. Unlike myself, my wife was fully clothed; she was wearing tight jeans and a low-cut blouse. Standing next to one another, we always looked a bit silly. She was five feet tall and very petite; she weighed half of what I did. Just as I religiously went to the gym each day, she practiced yoga with the same level of commitment.
She positioned herself by my side and wrapped her arm around my waist. She looked into my eyes and smiled; hers were large, blue, and doe-like. I leaned over to smell the top of her voluminous, red quaff. The products she used on it made it smell like honey.
"You look really good," she said. "How are you feeling?"
My heart sped up as soon as I started to reflect on my emotions. My mouth became dry as I tried to find my words. I felt her squeeze me more tightly; she could sense how nervous I was.
"You don't have to do this for me," she said.
"I don't feel like I 'have' to do this," I replied. "It's a choice I'm making. And it's for both of us."
Chloe and I had been together for five years. We had met during our last year at college. Things had been amazing at first; everything had felt so new and invigorating. In the past year, things had started to get worse. It felt like we were pulling away from one another.
It had reached the breaking point when Chloe had revealed to me that she had kissed a male co-worker at her company's Christmas party. A few days after that, she'd opened my laptop to discover a browser I hadn't closed. A quick search of its history had informed her about some of my unique sexual interests.
In therapy, it had all gotten tossed into the open. Chloe felt resentful of how I never put her needs first, especially when it came to sex. She talked about how she had been trying to hint at some of her fantasies for years, but I hadn't picked up on the clues. Specifically, she fantasized about taking control of me.
My kinks were more extreme - more specific, perhaps. Somehow, I had been wired to get off on the idea of public embarrassment and exhibitionism. At the low point in our marriage, I hadn't even bothered trying to have sex since it had been easier to just jerk off to porn of women catching men naked in various settings.
The therapist had encouraged us to see if we could find a way to meet in the middle. We'd gone to a nudist retreat two times, but that hadn't really done it for me. Everyone had felt so comfortable; part of what I needed was for the nudity to be risky and unexpected. Likewise, we'd experimented with her tying me up at home, but she hadn't enjoyed it. She'd said she needed "more control" and "higher stakes."
One evening, I'd told her that my favorite porn video was about a guy who gets locked out of his hotel room naked. She'd tried to understand the appeal by asking me questions. I'd told her about how the guy's female friends refused to let him back in the room unless he followed their orders, like doing jumping jacks or running down to the ice machine. Chloe had started to become more interested, and that was the first step in getting us to this hotel a week later.
We both walked out into the living room of the hotel suite. Chloe sat on the bed while I stood in front of her. Light was flooding in through the large windows on the opposite wall. We had chosen this hotel because it catered towards adults; we hadn't seen any children when we'd arrived.
"Are you ready to hear the rules?" she asked.
I nodded. I had been dreaming about something like this for years, but now that it was about to happen, I was second-guessing myself. I pushed my worrisome thoughts to the edge of my mind. I had already been through them all before. I knew that I would just chicken out if I thought about them again.
"I'm going to tell you what I want you to do, and you are going to follow my orders," she said. "If I ask you to walk across the street to the gas station completely naked, you will make that trip. I'll watch from the window. If you quit, you will be punished. Maybe I'll take everything and leave you here to figure things out on your own. If you try and fail, I will support you completely."
I couldn't believe what I was hearing; was she really going to ask me to leave the hotel naked? We had never discussed anything that extreme. I tried to tell myself that she was merely offering up an example, but I worried that we weren't on the same page. I just wanted to get my feet wet; she seemed to desire to dive into the deep end - or chuck me into it while she watched from relative safety. I remembered the therapist's advice, that had also sounded like a warning: we had to compromise if we wanted to make things work. If I asked to pull things back, she likely wouldn't get any of her needs met. I knew that the dominance she exercised in her fantasies did not involve negotiation.
"Go get us some ice," she said with a smirk. "I want to have something from the mini-bar to keep myself refreshed."
I paused for a second. I was a bit relieved while still feeling incredibly nervous. It was as though this thing that should have been mortifying felt less scary since I knew it could be worse.
"One more general rule first," she said. "Be as helpful and cooperative as you can to anyone who approaches you. If someone tells you to leave, do it. Find somewhere to hide until they are gone. Conversely, if a drunken bachelorette party asks you to pose for pictures for them, do it. I'm going to follow you at various points, so pretend like I'm always watching."
I had planned on going with the flow anyway, so that didn't seem like too big of a deal. It wasn't like I was going to stalk someone if they caught me naked in a hotel hallway and yelled at me to leave.
"Yes, I understand."
She handed me the silver ice bucket. I could see my warped, naked body reflected back at me in its surface.
"You can cover yourself with the bucket in whatever way you desire. If someone asks what happened, tell them that you got locked out naked when you opened the door to get an ice bucket that had been left at our door."
I looked down at the ice bucket. I used both hands to hold it directly in front of my crotch. Luckily, it was big enough to cover everything critical. I thought about whether to try to use one hand to cover my backside, but I preferred that extra protection in the front to ensure I didn't drop the bucket if I was startled.
I slowly walked over to the door, and Chloe followed me. She didn't say a single word. I paused, listening for any sounds in the hallway; it was dinnertime, so I was praying that most people were out at a restaurant. I wanted to look out the peephole, but I refrained. I didn't want Chloe to think I was wussing out.
Once I was certain the coast was clear, I opened the door and slid through the small gap I had created. I felt the handle pull away from my hand as Chloe yanked it shut. I frantically placed my hand back on the ice bucket.
I froze for a moment.Holy shit, holy shit,a voice screamed in my head. Feeling panicked, I looked to my left and my right to scan the corridor. There were about ten doors on either side of our room, and I became acutely aware of the fact that one of them could open at any time. I consoled myself with the thought that the elevator didn't open directly into the hallway. If I heard its telltale chime, I would have time to prepare.
I knew where the ice machine was located; I had guessed that this very scenario might arise, so I had made sure to create a mental map of our floor when we'd arrived. It was to my right, heading away from the connecting corridor leading to the elevator, at the end of the hall.
I started to walk; against all reason, my pace was interminably slow. The threadbare carpet was uncomfortable against my bare soles, and yet somehow, I also felt as though I were trudging through quicksand. I started breathing both faster and harder. I knew that I should be sprinting to the ice machine, but I felt like a baseball player on base, leading slightly, still unsure of the play. I didn't want to get too far from safety.
I made my way past the first three doors, and I tried to listen for any stirring inside. I didn't hear anything. At that point, I sped up. I didn't sprintper se; it may have been some Olympic-quality speed-walking though. I felt the cool surface of the silver bucket pressing against my dick as I held it close.
I pivoted into the nook at the end of the hallway; it only contained the ice machine. I let out a sigh of relief. Even if someone came walking down the hallway, I could easily hide myself. I highly doubted anyone else was getting ice at 6:30 p.m.
I hurriedly scooped ice into the bucket while still scanning my surroundings. I pulled the bucket back to where it provided optimal coverage.Cold! Fucking cold!I wanted to yell as I accidentally pulled it too close and it collided with my crotch. My sensitive balls immediately retracted closer to my body.
I peered out of the alcove; I didn't see anyone coming. Just as before, I tentatively walked by the first two doors, knowing that I could run back and hide. Suddenly, the door across from the ice machine start to open. My stomach dropped as I heard two women's voices talking about being late for dinner.
I full-on sprinted. It was only fifty feet at most, but it felt like it was a marathon. I peered over my shoulder as I made my escape. I could see that they hadn't spotted me; they were making sure they had their key. I was almost back at our door. I was almost home free.
In a panicked frenzy, I tapped on the door. I wanted to bang on it to illustrate that it was urgent, but I knew that that would just draw the women's attention. I saw the peep hole get dark; I knew Chloe was on the other side, watching me.
I looked to my left; the women were staring at me. They were hesitantly walking up the hall, unsure of what to do, or even what to think. I recalled the mental map; they were almost certainly heading towards the elevator. Nobody took the stairs in a hotel. Everyone coming or going would be passing by our door. I wondered if my wife had already known that.
"Honey, the door slammed shut!" I projected loudly enough for them to hear. "Honey, can you please let me in? I opened the door to grab the ice bucket and it slammed shut behind me!"
The women were only about twenty feet away from me. They both appeared to be in their thirties, and they were good-looking. They had clearly dressed up for an evening out on the town.
"Please, honey!" I begged. "I'm naked, and there are people staring at me like I'm a crazy person!"
Both of the women burst out laughing. They were only a few feet away from me. Clearly, my antics had made them bolder. Meanwhile, I was praying that Chloe would open the door. I continued to hold the ice bucket over my dick, leaving my ass fully exposed. The two women were both staring at it as if it were a tasty meal. A wave of excitement combined with mortification washed over my body.
Suddenly, the door pulled open. Chloe planted herself firmly in the gap so that I couldn't push my way into the room. I moved to the side of the doorframe, waiting for her to get out of the way.
"I'm so sorry, ladies," she said calmly. "This is my husband, Mason. It appears that he was too dumb to put on clothes before grabbing the ice we requested from room service. Men do the stupidest things. Are either of you married?"
All hesitation vanished from both women's demeanors. It was as if seeing my wife reassured them that I wasn't a pervert - just a bumbling idiot. They both stopped and smiled at my wife. I planted my back against the wall and tried to covered myself to the best of my ability.
"Neither of us are married," said one on the right, "but I agree that men do the stupidest shit."
They started chuckling again; it seemed like they had already been pre-partying. The woman on the left looked at her phone and nudged her companion.
"We really have to get going," the woman said. "We're late for dinner."
They started to walk away; Chloe still didn't move. I heard one of them talking about my "hot ass." Chloe looked at me and smiled. She knew that the "hot ass" they were talking about belonged to her; I was under her control.
She moved out of the way. I walked back into the room. My heart was still racing; I could see in a mirror on the wall that I was blushing. I followed her over towards the bed where she had perched. I placed the ice bucket on the table and stood in front of her.
"You liked that, huh?" she said, nodding at my crotch.
I looked down; I realized that I had started to get an erection. My cock had firmed up to eight inches. It was sloping downward at a forty-five-degree angle. I couldn't believe that I hadn't realized I was getting hard; perhaps the adrenaline and the coldness of the ice bucket had impacted my ability to notice in the moment.
"I'm loving this," she said. "I don't want to lose momentum...and I don't want you to lose it either, especially down there."
My nerve endings tingled with excitement. I was riding the high from having just lived out my fantasy, and I didn't want it to stop. The shame of being caught was part of what turned me on, just like how domination was what did it for my wife. I nodded to covey that I was ready.
"Here," she said as she tossed me a small washcloth. "You can use this to cover yourself. You are going to walk to the elevator. Wait for the first one to arrive. If it keeps going, come back to the room. If it stops, explain that locked yourself out and are trying to get back into your room. You can tell them that I ran across the street to run an errand."
My cheeks felt warm as I processed the new challenge. There were only five floors in the hotel, and we were staying on the third one. That meant I had roughly a twenty-five percent chance that the elevator would stop on our floor. In that moment, I wished we had booked a room at a high-rise.
I opened the washcloth to better look at it. It was made of flimsy white cotton; it was so cheap that it was practically sheer. I estimated that it was only six inches by six inches. I quizzically looked at Chloe for an explanation.
"I brought that just for you," she said with a smile. "This is probably one of the few times you've wished you had a smaller package."
I gulped even though there was nothing to swallow. I placed the washcloth over my partially-erect dick. When I lined it up at the root, the top of my cock head was visible. I draped it so that it just barely hung past the edge of my dick. I used the top of my hand to hold it in place while covering the base from view. I fanned out the fingers on my other hand and stuck it in front to gauge how much extra coverage that provided.
"Nope, one hand stays by your side," Chloe commanded.
"Really?"
"Yes! Those are the rules of the challenge. If you don't want to accept it, this can come to an end."
I imagined myself standing by the elevator and watching the numbers light up as I waited to see if it would stop on the third floor. My dick twitched with anticipation. More endorphins released at the very prospect of completing the challenge.
"Okay, I'll do it."
Chloe followed me to the door again. I stopped for a moment. She leaned in and gave me a passionate kiss. It felt as if something was reigniting in our relationship. She reached around and squeezed my firm, peachy ass.
Chloe opened the door, not seeming to care enough to check for passers-by. She gestured for me to leave. I started to crossed the threshold into the hallway.
"I'll have my cell phone on me in case you need anything," was the last thing I heard before the door lock clicked into place.
I was feeling a little more confident after my earlier success. I enjoyed being ogled; I knew that I had a great physique. What I liked even more was the power imbalance and the risk. I couldn't be sure if someone would pity me, laugh it off, or freak out if they caught me.
I didn't stop to scan my surroundings. I speedily walked the thirty feet and turned the corner into the next corridor. My feet made contact with the cool tile floor that indicated I was getting close to the elevator. I walked ten more feet and stopped. I knew that as soon as I rounded the last corner, the elevator would be directly in front of me.
I took a deep breath and moved into position. There was a large mirror across from the elevator. I looked at it for a moment to take stock of my situation. The washcloth looked comical. It was almost like a single ply of toilet paper. It gave the illusion of coverage, but didn't do anything to obscure my dick. It was also pretty apparent that I wasn't completely flaccid.
My nipples hardened as I realized that my semi-erect cock made the whole exercise even riskier. There would have been a chance that I could have gotten away with some lame excuse if I hadn't been hard, but there'd be no convincing anyone of my innocence with my above-average cock inflating under a ridiculous, sheer hankie. I thought about someone calling security if they caught me. The hair on the back of my neck stood on end.
I turned to face the elevator and looked at the display over the doors; it was dark. I hadn't thought about how there might not be anyone using the elevator at all. I hadn't imagined the possibility, and I wasn't sure what I had permission from Chloe to do in that situation. I hoped that nobody from our floor would be leaving in the next few minutes.
I started to bounce my right leg as I balanced my weight on the other side. I'd always done it to self-soothe when I was feeling on edge. Each passing second felt like a minute, and each minute felt like an hour.
The display lit up; my leg stopped shaking. I felt like I was on the verge of freaking out. My heart was about to beat out of my chest. The number "5" appeared on the display. It had to be someone on their way out for the evening. I let out a sigh of relief, knowing that it would being going to the ground floor.
I jumped into the air as something brushed against me; I instinctively covered myself with both hands. Someone darted in front of me and pressed the call button - my wife. She turned around gave me a wicked smirk before darting back towards the room.
"Remember, only one hand!" I heard her call as she disappeared.
Fuck, fuck, fuck,I thought to myself. It wasn't fair; she had never talked about this being on the table. Then again, I didn't get to make any of the rules. That had been part of our agreement. I desperately thought about what I was going to say, but my mind went blank.
The number "4" lit up. I dropped my left hand to my side; I knew there was a good chance Chloe was still watching. I trembled for a moment. I took a deeper breath and tried to steady myself.
Ding!
The doors slowly began to open. I could see two young guys both staring down at their phones - a taller one and a shorter one. I guessed the shorter one was about five-foot-eight, while the taller one was about my height. They looked like they were in their early twenties. The tall guy was wearing a T-shirt from a local college. Just as I was thinking the doors would close without them noticing me, the short guy looked up from his phone and burst out laughing.
His friend glanced at him with a look of confusion. The short guy walked over towards the elevator and started to exit. His friend finally realized what was happening; he began to crack up as well. He followed his friend and they both exited the elevator. They prodded each other and whispered as they walked past me. I was already preparing to sprint towards my room as soon as they turned the corner out of the elevator area.
"What the fuck?" the tall guy said. "This isn't the second floor."
"Oh, shit," the shorter one said. "I guess we got off too early."
Clearly, they'd been distracted by something. I started to move towards the corridor as they looked at one another while also peering at me from the corner of their eyes.
"Dude, what the hell is going on?" the short one asked.
I could tell they had both been drinking. I wasn't really surprised; I myself had spent most of my evenings in college with at least a buzz. I opened my mouth, but nothing came out. I tried to remember what I had been planning to say, as well as the instructions that Chloe had given me.
"Do you need some help, bro?" asked the tall one.
"I, um, I kind of got myself in a jam," I mumbled. "My wife and I are here celebrating our anniversary. She ran to a store across the street to get something while I was in the shower."
I paused for a moment. They both looked like this was hysterical to them. I wondered if they were less scandalized since guys at college are constantly doing stupid things that end up with someone being naked in public. I supposed that it was better they'd been in the elevator rather than a group of little old ladies.
"And then I heard a knock at the door," I continued awkwardly, knowing they didn't give a single shit about the details. "We had ordered champagne, so I decided to grab it before it got warm. I opened the door and stumbled outside when I bent down to pick it up. The door locked shut behind me, and I obviously don't have the key."
They both looked confused, as if they were trying to make sense of my barely-viable explanation. The tall one shook his head in disbelief and prodded the other one in the ribs with his elbow. He nodded towards the diminutive washcloth; they both burst into uproarious laughter again. Blood rushed to my face. I knew it was bright crimson.
"Bro, you must have been pretty excited about your evening with your wife," the short one said, alluding to my partial erection.
I stared down at the floor and didn't reply. I really wanted to bolt for the room, but I couldn't risk breaking the rules Chloe had set.
"How long until your wife gets back?' the tall one asked. "By the way, I'm Evan and this is Dylan."
"I'm Mason," I mumbled. "I'm not sure. Hopefully soon."
"Well, we were on our way to the gym," Evan said. "We wanted to lift for an hour before we hit up the clubs later. They have actual towels in the gym, instead of whatever it is you have there. Come with us and we'll give you one to cover yourself with. Then you can either go to reception for help or wait by your room for your wife."
I was surprised that Evan was offering to help. I hadn't imagined anyone would; it certainly hadn't been a part of any of my fantasies. I softly smiled, trying to convey my appreciation of the offer. I took a second to think about what Chloe would want me to do. I heard her voice say I had to be cooperative and follow the orders of anyone I met.
"Sure, Evan," I said. "Thanks for your help."
Evan walked over next to me and slapped me across the back. I jumped in shock as his large hand made contact with my exposed skin. Dylan had a less-than-enthusiastic look on his face. He appeared to be way more suspicious as to what was happening.
"The gym is on the second floor," Evan said. "Should we find the stairwell, or are you good with the elevator? I mean, you were planning on taking it earlier, I guess."
"Whichever you prefer," I said.
"Dude, just pick one," he said. "It doesn't matter to us."
Obviously, I wanted to take the stairwell, but I wasn't sure if I was allowed to say that. Chloe hadn't really specified how much I was allowed to dictate what would happen when interacting with others. She had just said to follow others' lead and cooperate. I looked towards the corridor to see if she was there, but I didn't see her peeking around the corner or anything.
"I'll do whatever you say."
As soon as the words left my mouth, I realized how bizarre they sounded. Anyone actually living the lie I'd spun would have just picked one of the options. Evan chuckled again and shook his head. He definitely thought I was a weirdo, but he seemed okay with it.
A knowing smile spread across Dylan's face. "Why don't we take the elevator," he said with a hint of maliciousness in his voice.
"Okay," I replied.
I took a few deep breaths to prepare myself for the ride to the next floor. I thought that, if nothing else, it would look like some hazing ritual. I wasn't so much older than them that it would be out of the question.
Dylan walked up to press the elevator call button. He leaned over and grimaced at it. I looked as well, but couldn't understand what was causing his response.
"Gross," he said. "The button is smeared with something disgusting. It's like someone sneezed right on it."
"I can't see anything," Evan replied.
"Mason, let me borrow that towel to wipe this off," he said. "I don't want to get sick from touching it."
"Dude, what..." Evan began, before Dylan shushed him.
I started to breath more rapidly. Dylan was staring at me, and Evan was staring at him. I was suspicious myself now but, unlike Dylan, I didn't have control over my actions unless I wanted to let Chloe down. I slid my left hand over my cock, as I extend my right hand to give him the washcloth.
"Here," I whispered.
"Thanks, bro," he said.
Dylan spent a few seconds wiping the button; he didn't even pretend it was truly dirty. He crumpled the washcloth in his fist and tossed it into the trashcan.
"Bro, what the fuck?" Evan asked.
"My bad!" Dylan said, as he slapped himself on the forehead. "I was on autopilot, I guess. Mason, you don't mind just covering yourself with your hands, do you? I really don't want to dig around in the garbage."
Asshole,I thought to myself. He definitely knew what he was doing. Evan, however, still seemed to be on a different wavelength. I tried to cup my cock and balls in my right hand to see how much coverage I had without the washcloth. I couldn't do it; the mounting hard-on made it impossible. I fanned my palm in front of my crotch. I could keep my dick out of view if someone was across from me, but not if they stood by my side.
"No problem," I said through gritted teeth.
"Cool," Dylan said as he pressed the button calling the elevator.
He walked forward and stood next to me so that I was sandwiched between them. We all looked at the elevator. My heart was racing in my chest. I seriously considered running away, but I suppressed the urge. My stomach was doing a somersault as the elevator approached our floor; I could see Dylan giggling.
Ding!
The doors started to part. I closed my eyes and prayed that nobody would be inside. I heard a rustling motion as Evan started to move. I opened my eyes to see he was entering the empty elevator. I tried not to betray my deep sense of relief. I followed them inside, and we positioned ourselves in the same order facing the door.
Evan hit the button for the second floor; the doors came together with a small noise. The inside was covered in a shiny, reflective gold surface which acted as ade factomirror. Dylan lunged forward and hit another button; the elevator jerked to a halt. I took me a second to realized that he had pressed the 'emergency stop' button.
I felt like I was going to vomit. I knew that I should have gone back to the room. The further I had pushed myself, the more impossible it had felt to quit. It reminded me of something I had read about in college called a 'sunk-cost fallacy.' I knew that I wasn't going to turn back; I had faith that Chloe would bail me out if things went too far.
"Dude! What are you doing?" asked Evan.
"Just be quiet for one goddamn second, Evan!" Dylan replied. "Mason, I don't get why you are acting so self-conscious. You're clearly a good-looking dude. You should just own it, and stop trying to cover yourself up."
I made eye contact with Evan. He furrowed his brow and crossed his arms. He'd been willing to pretend to believe my story and help me out, but somehow he was blaming Dylan's increasingly odd behavior on me. I couldn't really disagree with him, but I also couldn't give him what he seemed to want: the truth.
I thought about Chloe. I imagined myself going back to the room after this was over and recounting my journey. I could picture us having the most intense sex with one another as a sort of reward for us both.
I dropped my hand from in front of my dick; I clenched each one into a loose fist. My fingernails dug into my palms. Dylan's smiling reflection stared back at me from the gold-tinted elevator doors.
"Bro, what the fuck?" Evan whispered as he turned his head toward Dylan behind my back. "He's totally getting hard."
I couldn't believe he hadn't noticed sooner, since clearly Dylan had. I could hear the discomfort in Evan's tone. He sounded like he was about to jump ship, abandoning me to his erratic friend.
"He keeps staring at his reflection," Dylan said. "Maybe that's the issue."
I shifted my weight to one leg and started bouncing the other to calm myself. I tried to pretend that I wasn't in the elevator, like I was a child trying to ignore what was going on amongst the adults at a family outing. I felt worried and titillated; Dylan's demeanor was making me certain that I was going to be further humiliated. Evan's growing discomfort was hitting my buttons too. The idea of him throwing me to the wolves - one, in particular - was frightening and mortifying in all the right ways.
I continued to gaze at my large, naked frame in the reflection. I looked so exposed compared to the two fully-clothed young men standing by my sides. My cock noticeably twitched as I thought about what might happen next.
"Dude, if you like it so much, you should pose a little," Dylan said. "Give yourself a little show."
I was taken aback. I didn't believe that he wanted me to pose like a body builder in front of a mirror. I wasn't even entirely sure what he wanted in that moment.
"What do you mean, 'pose?'"
"I don't know. Just do anything, dude."
I went with the classic pose of lifting both of my arms and curling them to flex my biceps. I turned bright red as I watched myself. I looked so fucking stupid straining to make my arms bulge.
"You got nice biceps," Dylan said with feigned sincerity.
In that moment, I felt like I was starting to get Dylan. He was the wingman with the Napoleon Complex. He watched his taller, more attractive friends get all the girls and harbored a deep-seated jealousy. Guys like that had always hated me in college. I continued to hold my pose.
"Do you like your body?" he asked. "Are you proud of it?"
"Yes," I answered without hesitation. "Do you still want me to keep posing?"
"You can stop," he said, and then let a pregnant pause hang in the air. "... After you go give yourself a kiss."
"What the hell?" yelled Evan.
"Just watch, bro," he said. "I'm trying to prove a point. I think this guy is playing some kind of game. Haven't you noticed that he basically does whatever I tell him to do? I don't think he can say 'no' to anything."
Evan and Dylan both fell silent. They stared at me like I was a lab rat. Dylan stared at me like I washislab rat. My heart was pumping blood nonstop into my dick. I continued to flex my biceps. I knew that there was nothing I could do; Dylan had figured enough out, and had no intention of passing up the opportunity that fate had presented him.
I slowly walked towards the door. My legs trembled beneath me. I leaned forward towards the reflective surface. My fearful eyes stared back at me. I softly kissed my mirror image.
"He really did it!" Evan chortled.
I dropped my pose, since I had met the requirement of kissing myself. I continued to stand near the doors; I watched them huddle behind me in the reflection. I could hear some soft whispering. They separated and went back to their original positions.
"You go now," Dylan said.
"Um, come over here and lick my shoe," Evan said, chuckling.
I took the two steps needed to stand in front of him. I dropped to my knees. He was wearing a pair of tattered, black sneakers. I could feel their eyes drilling into the back of my head. The elevator was devoid of sound as they waited to see if I would comply. I extended my tongue and drug it across the toe of his right shoe.
"Fucking gross," Evan said. They both laughed at how I was debasing myself.
"Stand up and go make out with yourself," Dylan commanded, "but not a peck this time; really get into it!"
I popped to my feet and started to walk towards the door. I could practically feel the signals bouncing back and forth between those two bizarrely-connected parts of my brain. I was aroused because I was humiliated. For the moment, neither of my tormentors seemed to be focused much on my twitching cock, which was still around half-mast. I knew that if they started looking at it and talking about it again, the feedback loop would be complete. I'd be humiliated because I was aroused, and then aroused because of that. I had no idea what might happen then. It scared me, and that excited me too.
I took one step towards the doors, but then felt a hand on my shoulder pulling me back.
"Use the side wall," Dylan said. "You'll be able to see yourself better."
I moved closer to my reflection. My lower lips trembled as I prepared to make out with my mirror image. My breath fogged the surface as I inched closer.
I started to slowly kiss the golden lips that stared back at me. I didn't know what to do with my hands, so I placed them flat on the wall. I began pushing my tongue against the surface as I pretended that I was trying to stick it deep inside my own mouth. I closed my eyes and really started pressing into the wall. My nose hurt from bending awkwardly to allow me to ravish myself. The tip of my dick touched the cool metal surface. The sudden chill made the whole thing twitch. I barely suppressed the urge to shiver.
"This is too good," Dylan said from right by my side.
I opened my eyes again. I could see from the corner of my eye that he was recording me with his phone. I froze; I couldn't believe that he was filming me. It was humiliating enough to have the two of them watch, but thinking about them showing the video to their friends felt like too much. My stomach churned. I heard Chloe's voice again in my head instructing me to obey.
"Keep going," he said.
I closed my eyes and started again. Evan giggled from behind me; his conversion from Samaritan to slaver had happened rather quickly. I felt so embarrassed; this had to be the most humiliating thing I had ever experienced. I felt blood flooding into my cock. It had been a half-mast for too long; the surge of fear had pushed me over the edge.
As my dick engorged to nine inches, I felt it slap against the wall. I was too close to give it enough space, so it was bouncing back and forth against the surface with each passionate kiss I gave my reflection.
"He's totally hard, bro!" Dylan yelled.
"What a freak," Evan said with a tinge of disgust.
That was that. I knew I was done for.
"Does that feel good?" Dylan asked, as he held to camera near my face.
"Yes," I moaned, in between passionate kisses.
I wasn't sure specifically what he had been asking, but it didn't matter. I was caught in the loop. I wanted more.
"Fuck yourself," Dylan demanded.
I stopped what I was doing and looked directly at him. I thought I had misheard him. Evan was barely suppressing his laughter in the background.
"Stick you cock up between your abs and the wall and then fuck yourself," Dylan said, frustrated by my hesitation. "You can stop with the kissing. I want you to be able to watch yourself."
I pictured the mechanics of it in my mind; it was kind of like when I used to jerk off by humping my bed when I was younger, but standing up with a flat surface as resistance. My cock began to throb. Chloe was never going to believe what I had been forced to do in order to follow her orders.
I grabbed my dick with my right hand and positioned it so it was pointing upwards. The underside laid flatly against the smooth, gold surface. I started to slowly rock my hips. I glanced down to make sure I was following his instructions.
"Just like that," Dylan said as he repositioned his phone to get the best angle.
I gently thrusted up and down, like I did when Chloe and I fucked with her straddling my lap. I didn't think about fucking Chloe, though; I watched myself, and I watched Evan and Dylan as they continued to judge and humiliate me.
My dick looked like it was rubbing up against a carbon copy of itself. It made me horny to think about having a sexual doppelganger. I wondered if gay guys ever rubbed their cocks against one another when they were having sex. If they did, I suddenly understood why.
The muscles in my ass cheeks dimpled with each upward thrust. I watched myself in the mirrored surface on the back wall. A new, scary, confusing thought wormed its way into my brain. In all my fantasies, I imagined women seeing me naked. Even if there were men in some larger crowd, they were faceless filler - never the main attraction. Evan and Dylan were anything but faceless and voiceless. They were men. I was a man. I was having weird gay sex with my own very-manly reflection. I was more turned on than I ever had been in my entire life.
I tried to shake it off, even though the fear and confusion it engendered were dropping right into that feedback loop in my head, as though they'd always been meant to be there.
Dylan was talking to his phone; he was narrating what I was doing. I was trying my best to tune him out. I kept focusing own how great my dick felt rubbing against the smooth surface. I hadn't been this hard in years. I began to thrust more rapidly.
I tended to be a leaker, and it wasn't any different that night. A trickle of pre-cum dribbled down my cock.Damn, that feels good,I thought to myself as it coated the underside of my shaft. The warm, viscous fluid acted as a lubricant. Each humping motion suddenly became more intense; it felt as though somebody had turned up a setting controlling the nerves in my cock to maximum sensitivity.
"Oh, fuck," I moaned.
"He's loving this," Dylan yelled. "He's making himself his own little bitch! I imagine he'd stick it in his own ass right now if his reflection were a real person - no, that's not right. He'd bend over and let the reflection fuckhim!"
Dylan cackled while Evan gave a more subdued chortle. I didn't think he was nearly as comfortable that my sexual humiliation had jumped from licking a shoe while naked to being on the verge of shooting my load. It seemed a bridge too far for him.
"Stop! Stop!" Dylan suddenly shouted.
A huge part of me wanted to keep going; I knew I was only about another minute from cumming if I kept thrusting at this pace. But, per his command, I halted. I continued to stay right beside the wall so that it supported my pulsing dick.
"I'm going to ask you some questions," Dylan said, "and you're going to tell me to truth."
"Yes," I replied, wondering what fresh ignominy could possibly arise from my responses.
"Have you ever been with another guy?" he asked.
"No," I answered.
"Do you want to cum right now?"
"Yes," I replied.
"Have you ever tried to suck it?" he asked, gesturing to my massive dick.
"Yes," I mumbled after pausing a few seconds.
"And..." he said.
"And I haven't done it since I met my wife," I said. "It was really only something I did if I couldn't find a girl to do it for me."
"Holy shit!" Dylan said. "Show me. I want to film this to show my friends."
I imagined Dylan mocking me to a group of college girls while they watched a video of me giving myself a blowjob. I could see them all laughing and calling me pathetic as they grimaced. Another squirt of pre-cum trickled down my shaft at the very idea.
"See, bro?" he said. "Your dick wants it!"
"Dylan, this is too gay," Evan said.
"It's not gay, dude," he said. "I'm just filming. It's like I'm making a documentary. I'm not actually involved in what this pervert is doing to himself."
Evan didn't respond. He was hardly looking to be my savior, but the slaver role had soured. He crossed his arms and turned his head to the side. Dylan looked right at me; it was as if he was waiting for the show to begin.
I stepped away from the mirrored wall. I grabbed the back of the lower thighs with my hands to better stabilize my legs. I breathed in deeply and hunched over, creating a curve in my spine. My cock head was only a few inches from my face; it was wobbling up and down.
I breathed in even deeper, like I was expelling all the air from my lungs. I contorted myself even more. The very tip of my dick was pressed against my lips. I stuck out my tongue and licked it a few times. The pre-cum tasted salty and warm; I couldn't remember ever tasting it before, except for one time when I'd given myself an accidental facial.
"Look at this, guys," Dylan said at his phone. "He's going to suck himself off!"
"That was it," I said.
"Bro, that's nothing," Dylan said. "I'm sure you can do it. You are so close."
I pretended that Chloe was in the corner. I could hear here telling me to follow his instructions. I didn't want to tell her that I had half-assed my assignment. I tensed my abs in a way that I had never tried to do on purpose; it felt likely someone had kicked me in the stomach. I could feel that it had worked. My cock head was now pressing at my lips instead of resting on them.
I opened my mouth and took the last inch-and-a-half of my dick inside of it. I immediately started to drool; it was like my salivary glands knew what was going on. I sucked on the tip; it felt amazing. I didn't know if it was because I had already been close to cumming, or if it was the humiliation of being my own cocksucker while I was being filmed.
I let my tongue push past my lips and caress where my head met the shaft. I was especially sensitive in that area. My body trembled when as a swirled my tongue around the circumference. I took the tip back in my mouth; drool spilled out onto the floor.
"Use your hand to help yourself jerk off," Dylan commanded.
"Fuck, this bro!" Evan said as he turned to face the corner of the elevator. "I'm not watching."
Even that turned me on more. I was deep in the loop. Evan being disgusted and refusing to watch was just as humiliating as Dylan eagerly filming me. For all my muscles, and my big cock, I was hideous. I was a pathetic monster. I was a freak.
I reached up with my right hand to the best of my ability while trying not to lose my tenuous position. I wrapped it around the base of my dick and squeezed slightly. It felt so fucking amazing. I tried to pull in as much of my cock head as my ravenous lips could reach as I frantically began to pump away with my hand.
I gave into the pleasure; it felt so good. My knees started to quake. More pre-cum dripped from my cock, coating my tongue. I was on the verge of cumming. I knew it was only a few seconds away.
"Stop, fucking stop!" Evan yelled.
I was so startled that I lost my balance and fell onto my ass on the floor. Drool splattered from my mouth across my chest. I'd been so close, but not quite close enough.
Evan grabbed Dylan by the collar and pushed him into the wall. Dylan appeared genuinely shocked. I was guessing that it wasn't in Evan's nature to be so aggressive.
"This is done!" Evan screamed. "Get up off the floor and press the emergency stop button to turn this damn thing back on."
I pulled myself to my feet and wobbled to the buttons. The emergency stop was the only one lit up so it was easy to find. I pressed it.
"I don't give a fuck what you both do, but I'm getting out of this elevator," Evan yelled.
"Bro, chill out," Dylan said. "It was just a joke. I'll stop, okay? I'll stop!"
The elevator lurched into gear. I was stunned; a few moments earlier I had been on the verge of exploding into my own mouth. Now I didn't know what was about to happen. My abs still ached from hunching over; fear washed over me yet again.
Ding!
The elevator doors opened on the second floor. Luckily, nobody was waiting. Evan pushed past me while pulling Dylan behind him. I started to step forward to follow them to the gym, as Evan had suggested earlier.
"No!" he yelled. "Just take the elevator back to your floor and go back to your room."
They slowly disappeared as the gold doors closed in front of me.
It was finally over; my masters hadn't merely released me, but had ordered me to end Chloe's game. I was still so fucking hard. I prayed that she would reward me for following her orders. I knew I was going to have the most intense orgasm of my life.
I excitedly pressed the button for the third floor several times as I moved to the back corner of the elevator. I zoned out for a moment as I imagined myself sprinting from the elevator to the room. I could envision Chloe letting me in, as well as me begging her to finish the job I had started on myself.
Ding!
The doors started to open, and I walked forward, preparing to make a mad dash. My cock was practically ready to explode after everything that had happened.
"What the fuck!" a woman yelled as the doors parted.
A young couple stood in front of me. They appeared to be about my age. The woman's jaw hung open, and the man's eyes were wide with shock. Behind them, I could see the reception desk about thirty feet in the distance.Oh shit,I said to myself as I looked up at the display. It confirmed that the elevator had gone to the ground floor.
I hurriedly covered my rock-hard dick with my fanned out right hand as I lunged forward and pressed the already illuminated button for the third floor several times. I prayed for the doors to close.
"He was jerking off in there!" the woman screamed.
Her face contorted with disgust. Her boyfriend's eyes narrowed with rage; his jaw clenched with determination. The doors started to shut. I looked up at the display, as they were inches from closing. Suddenly, an arm wedged itself between the doors.
I watched in terror as the boyfriend used his hands to pull the doors apart. After he had forced them open a few inches, they made the rest of the journey on their own. He dove into the elevator. I pulled up both of my arms to protect my face in case he was coming in swinging.
He used one hand to grab me by the back of my neck and the other to hold onto my left elbow. I frantically tried to pulled away, but my bare feet kept slipping on the smooth elevator floor. I watched as my cock flopped up and down as I tried to escape from him.
It only took him thirty seconds to pull me out of the elevator. I could hear his girlfriend hysterically screaming at the reception desk. From the corner of my eyes, I could see a few other people clustered near the entrance of the room. A few of them were recording the commotion.
My heart was pounding as I continued to try to free myself. I started to panic. Evan had ended the scene, but he hadn't broken me out of my twisted feedback loop. I was still incapable of separating fear, humiliation, and arousal. My dick started to leak again; pre-cum splattered down onto my foot.
There was going to be a video of me fighting with another person while completely naked on the internet. I wondered how I was going to explain it to the people in my life. I would have to plead insanity. I suddenly imagined having to do literally do that in a courtroom. I had a feeling it wouldn't fly.
As soon as the elevator doors shut, the boyfriend slammed me against them. My pecs connected with them so hard I worried it would leave bruises. He had one arm on my back, leveraging his weight against me; his other hand was managing to constrain one of my wrists.
"Security is on the way!" yelled the receptionist.
The man grunted and pressed the side of his hip against my bare ass. I slid closer to the elevator door. As he forced me against the wall, my throbbing cock slid up the metal surface. Just as it had earlier, it nestled between my abs and the reflective surface.
I continued to flail in a desperate attempt to escape. He exerted more force to keep me pinned in place. My dick was rubbing all over the metal as I squirmed. More pre-cum oozed out and coated the surface. I looked over my shoulder; a tall, muscular security guard was approaching to help with the situation.
I imagined how ashamed I would be as he hauled me away. My cock vibrated with sensation. My balls started to dance in anticipation. The guard asked the man to continue to hold me in place while he "cuffed" me. I watched as he took a zip tie from his pocket.
I bucked wildly, as if I were as horse trying to break free of his reigns. The guard also pushed me into the elevator door. My cock was humping up and down. The bottom side was sliding in pre-cum while the top was rubbing against the grooved ridges of my abs. It felt better than fantastic. I would have been moaning if I hadn't been out of breath from struggling.
I heard the zip tie lock into place binding my wrists. I was filled with terror; everyone was watching. My cock couldn't handle it anymore; my nuts began to spasm. I knew what was about to happen.
The boyfriend stepped away, and the guard mumbled something about apprehending me. I couldn't hear him. I was starting to ride the wave of my cresting orgasm.
The guard grabbed me by the shoulder and spun me around. I heard people gasping as they took in the new visual. Instead of seeing my jiggling ass as I struggled to free myself, they were watching my throbbing, nine-inch cock.
"Cover me," I begged the guard, hoping that he had brought something when he was told there was a naked man in the lobby.
The first eruption exploded from my raging hard-on. A thick rope of hot, white cum shot out in front of me, splattering all over the tile floor. My dick flailed up and down, as if the first jet of jizz had overloaded it.
The guard jumped back with a shocked look on his face. Silence fell over the room as everyone processed what was happening. My legs were shaking from the intensity of it all.
Another rope of cum flew out of my wild, waving dick. It spurted upwards across my chest and abs. The next two ropes alternated between splashing down on my left leg and feet, and my abs again. Each eruption expelled more fluid than I had ever produced in one shot.
By the fifth and final shot, my cock had stopped dancing quite so much. The viscous fluid shot out straight in front of me, adding to the puddle that was already on the floor. I let out a small moan as the climax subsided.
I looked around the room. I saw various mixtures of disgust, shock, and disdain upon the faces in the crowd. A few of them were muttering comments that I could only assume were accusations or denunciations - all of them fair and accurate, I was sure.
"Let's go," the guard commanded as he grabbed me by the bicep.
As I walked away, I looked to the corner of the room. I could swear I saw Chloe partially hidden behind a faux ficus, but I wasn't at all certain. I only had a moment to glance around. The guard's iron grip and violent tugging directed my attention back towards my impending doom.
I followed him into a corridor; all the people in the lobby were out of sight. We walked for about twenty feet before approaching a door aptly marked 'Security.' He opened the door and practically pushed me inside. I heard the lock engage as he left.
"Wait here," he loudly commanded from the other side.
I scanned the room. It was incredibly bare bones. There was a wooden desk with a chair on each side, a few filing cabinets, and some cardboard boxes. There weren't any windows; otherwise, I likely would have considered whether it was worth it to try to escape.
I walked to the chair in front of the desk and perched on the edge. It was awkward with my hands bound behind my back. I felt exhausted and sticky; the cum splattered all over my body was beginning to cool. I zoned out; it was as if my mind had been too stimulated and needed to shut down.
I can't tell you how much time had passed; it could have been two minutes or it could have been an hour. I heard voices on the other side of the door that pulled me back into my body. I could tell that one was male and the other was female. I had no idea what they were saying to one another.
The door opened, and in walked the security guard with Chloe. They stopped their discussion as they entered the room. Chloe smiled at me as she walked over and stood by my side. She placed her hand on my shoulder. The guard crossed the room and sat in the chair on the other side of the desk.
His named badge said 'Leo'. He looked like he was in his early thirties; he was a buff man with caramel-colored skin. He was roughly the same height and weight as I was, if I had to guess. He was bald; he looked like the type that shaved his head to hide that his hairline was receding.
"Miss, I already told you," he said, "I have to call the police. This is isn't a situation where I can use my discretion and let your husband go. I would be fired."
"Leo, you have to understand," Chloe replied. "My husband has a medical condition. He has insomnia, so he has to take these pills in order to sleep. One of the side effects is that they make him sleep-walk. I've told him to make sure he wears pajamas when he sleeps, but he forgets."
"Miss..." he started.
"Chloe," she interrupted.
"Chloe... even if that were the case, how do you explain all the sexual stuff?" he asked.
I genuinely wondered what Chloe was going to say. I couldn't even fathom what type of explanation would sound remotely plausible. I looked down at the pool of cum nestled in my abs, feeling hopeless about where this was headed.
"That's a separate medical issue," she said. "My husband suffers from genital hypersensitivity and premature ejaculation. The doctor says he was one of the worst cases he has ever seen. I remember one time when I sat on his lap for a family photo. After just a few seconds of me wriggling around, he shot his load in his jeans."
I couldn't believe that her explanation was that I couldn't last longer than a teenager. A part of me wanted to interject to protect my honor, but I bit my tongue. Leo looked a little embarrassed on my behalf; I noticed that he hadn't been making eye contact with me.
"Well, I guess that is something you should tell the police when they arrive," he said.
"Leo, please, Leo," Chloe begged. "This will completely ruin my life. Not just my husband's life, my life too! He's going to be fired and ridiculed when this all comes out. We are already behind on our mortgage. I'm going to end up out on the street."
Chloe did her best job of acting like a damsel in distress; I had seen her performance before. She made her doe-like eyes appear even wider than usual as she batted her eyelashes. Her voice changed just enough to make her sound like she was younger than her age.
"Please, Leo," she begged.
I watched as Chloe ambled over and sat on the corner of the desk nearest the security guard. She arched her back to make her small tits appear more prominent. She was petite, but she knew what angles worked best to highlight her features. I started to smirk; there was actually a chance she might convince him to free me. Also, there was something endearing about knowing that she would offer herself up to protect me.
"I will do anything, Leo," she whispered. "Anything."
Chloe reached her hand down and slid them into her jeans. Leo's eyes widened; I could tell that he hadn't expected anything like that. She started rubbing herself as she bit her lower lip and moaned.
"Miss, you are barking up the wrong tree," Leo said.
"If you're married, we don't have to tell anyone," Chloe said as she continued to play with herself.
"I'm gay," he responded bluntly.
I almost laughed for some reason. I wouldn't have ever guessed he was gay, and clearly Chloe hadn't picked up on it either. She immediately dropped the act. She looked back at me, as if trying to let me know that she had given it her best attempt.
"To be honest, your husband is more of my type," he said with an unexpected boldness. "Well, except for the sensitivity thing you talked about. I've never been with a guy who deals with that stuff."
I watched as the light sparked in Chloe's eyes. She looked over at me and mouthed the words:"Remember the rules."
"Well, my husband is just as adventurous as I am," Chloe said. "I'm sure we could work something out."
Leo looked at me; he surveyed my body. I felt as if I was an object being sold at a flea market. My heart started to pound again as I thought about what was going to follow.
"Mason, tell Leo that you think he's sexy," Chloe said.
"You are a really attractive man, Leo," I said. "I can tell that you must have a nice body under that uniform. I think it's sexy when men stay fit."
Technically, I wasn't lying. I'd just never considered the matter for any man other than myself. Leo was, indeed, a pretty good-looking guy. I wasn't entirely sure why I was so hung up on not telling outright lies. I was moments away from my entire life falling apart, and Leo had tossed me a lifeline.
"You sleep with other guys?" Leo asked. Chloe mouthed the word"Yes"to me.
Just like that, my qualms about outright lying became moot. Chloe was in charge.
"Yes," I said, not offering up any details.
"Totally," Chloe said. "I sleep with girls; he sleeps with guys. We are more about having a good time than putting labels on things. So, you think Mason is good-looking, huh?"
"Very," Leo mumbled. "I just got out of a long-term relationship, so it's the first time I've really being looking at guys in that way in quite some time."
"Honey, you should invite Leo to come take a closer look at you," Chloe said. "You're the first new guy he's been able to see naked in a while."
My breathing became shallower. I knew I couldn't say no to any requests. It wasn't just about my wife's happiness anymore, or about some hypothetical amazing sex we might have later. It was about survival.
"Leo, come sit by me," I said.
Leo hesitantly stood from his chair and walked across the room. He perched himself on the edge of the desk so he was looking down at me. Chloe repositioned herself where he had been sitting.
I had no idea how Leo could find me attractive in that moment. I was covered in my own congealing jizz. I wondered if Leo had low standards, or if maybe he had his own set of kinks. All I knew was that his eyes were fixated on my body like he was enthralled by it.
Chloe nodded at my spent cock; it was laying flaccid on my thigh. She pointed into the air and mouthed something. I think she was telling me that I needed to try to get it up.
"You're looking at his dick, huh?" Chloe asked. "It's one my favorite features too. I hadn't been with any white guys that were nine inches before him. Mason, wouldn't it feel nice to have Leo touch you?"
"Leo, you can touch it if you want," I said.
Leo looked at Chloe; she nodded her encouragement. Leo leaned forward and wrapped his hand around my dick. I tried to imagine everything I had gone through that day - all of the things that had caused me so much excitement and embarrassment. I replayed the highlights: banging on the door as the women watched, sucking my own dick in the elevator, and cumming in the lobby.
Don't ask me why the obvious escaped me. It just did. People are weird. Brains are weird. Surely, however, being zip-tied, naked, covered in my own spunk, and felt up by a burly gay security guard who was thinking about using me for sex in exchange for not ruining my whole life - all at the behest of my own wife, who was forcing me to pretend I was an old pro at gay sex - was pretty fucking humiliating.
Blood started to flow into my member; it began to firm up in Leo's hand. It was only about seven inches, but it was obvious that it was responding. That was the most important part.
"I think he likes that, Leo," Chloe said. "Why don't you give it a few strokes?"
Leo started slowly sliding his hand up and down the length of my cock. The cum that had dribbled along my shaft made the movement more fluid. I tried to focus on the sensation of his fingers as they rubbed the jizz into my cock head. I looked down and watched as my dick grew into its full potential again. Then, Leo suddenly stopped.
"Didn't you say he's hypersensitive?" Leo asked. "Should I stop?"
"Since he just came not too long ago, he can last longer than usual," Chloe said, "but you're right; it's probably better to let it rest."
Oddly enough, I felt like Chloe was right. I had never struggled with cumming too quickly in the past, but this whole experience had me all mixed up. It was almost as if I was becoming whatever Chloe demanded of me. Even hearing her comment, I imagined how I could likely cum if Leo jerked me the right way for another solid thirty seconds.
"What do you want to do with Mason, Leo?" Chloe asked. "Do you want to jerk him off? Do you want to blow him?"
"Maybe something else," he said.
My stomach turned as I listened to Chloe negotiate what I would be willing to do in order to not have Leo call the police. The two options I would have preferred didn't seem to be on the table. Leo must have been in the mood to receive some attention.
"What do you want, Leo?" Chloe said. "Just say it."
"Well, my ex preferred to suck me off, but he was barely ever in the mood to do more," he said. "It would be nice to feel my cock in a nice, tight ass."
I squirmed in my seat, feeling the smooth wood pushing against my ass. My left leg started bouncing up and down. I thought that I must be dreaming; there was no way he was asking to fuck me. I hadn't even been with a guy before. Even if I had ever wanted to experiment, I would never have chosen to be on the receiving end.
I thought that Chloe, surely, would find a way to convince him that I'd be better at anything else. She knew that I used to suck myself off; giving a blowjob to another dude couldn't be that different. I was almost hoping that they'd settle on that as a compromise.
"What about being fucked?" Chloe asked. "Mason is really good with that thing. It's so big that I can barely take it all. Imagine how good it would feel."
Leo smirked and shook his head. He glanced over my body with a prurient look in his eyes. I could see that he was starting to sport a tent in his khakis.
"Stand up and turn around," he commanded me.
I looked at Chloe, raising my eyebrows. She nodded her approval. I could see her settle deeper into her seat. It felt as if there was a shift within her. She had looked on edge the whole time before that moment; now it appeared as if she was starting to relax.
I lifted myself from the chair, making sure not to lose my balance with my hands tied behind my back. The cum that had been pooling on my stomach was so viscous that it continued to cling to the defined outlines of my abs.
"Turn around," Leo said.
I carefully turned so that my back was facing both of them. I heard Leo stand up from where he was perched on the desk. His shoes clomped on the floor as he took a step towards me. I jumped into the air as I felt his hand grab my right ass cheek. I had to force myself to not jerk away from him. Leo continued to massage my ass cheek, like he was kneading dough.
"He has a really nice ass," Leo said to Chloe.
"He does," she replied. "He loves it when people play with it."
"Really?" Leo asked, since he undoubtedly sensed the tension in my body.
"You have to admit these aren't normal circumstances, Leo," she said. "I know it's very, very hard for you to believe, but my husband isn't actually some sick, twisted pervert who fantasizes about being caught out in public, bound up, humiliated, dominated... he just sort of sleepwalked into it. We're very open-minded, but we would never include innocent bystanders in our sex life without their consent. That would be wrong."
I had to give her credit: she really sold it. I supposed she knew she couldn't afford to be coy. It didn't matter much; I knew she was poking me, and it worked. I blushed furiously. My cock twitched and swelled some more. I was exactly that kind of freak, and both of us had violated innocent people in pursuit of our own selfish, deviant pleasure.
"I know we're in no position to be making demands, Leo," she said, "but you could reassure him a little if you're not feeling this particular vibe. Under different circumstances, he'd beverycomfortable with you already."
Leo paused, perhaps considering my wife's plea. I couldn't tell from my vulnerable position in front of him. Then I felt his other hand between my shoulder blades. He began to push on my back.
"Bend over," he said, and I immediately sensed that there was something about this "vibe" that was working for him. I already knew that it was working for my wife.
I froze; I desperately wished I could see what was happening. It was feeling as if Chloe and Leo were working as team, while I was on the other side. I tried to remind myself that, even if it might feel that way, Chloe was my wife, and she was doing her best to help me.
I bent forward, letting Leo press down on my back until I was staring at my feet. Leo lifted his hand from my back and placed it on my other ass cheek. I could hear him moving behind me as he lowered himself to his knees. He pulled at my cheeks, separating them.
I felt something lightly press against my hole; I inhaled deeply and held my breath. What I assumed to be one of his fingers made a circular motion around my rim. My cock registered the sensation with its own wave of pleasure. I had never been touched like that. I hadn't expected it to actually feel okay.
"He looks really tight," Leo said. "You said he fucks around with other guys?"
"Of course," Chloe said. "We do just about everything. He loves it when I peg him."
Leo laughed loudly, surely at the mental image of my diminutive wife pegging a big guy like me. Chloe was lying; she had suggested sticking a finger inside of me once, but I'd told her I wasn't interested. I wondered if she actually wanted to peg me; it seemed in line with her fetishes. For some reason, the brief wave of pleasure I'd just felt from Leo's finger made me suddenly rethink a lot of things about our marriage.Wouldn't she have been able to make pegging me an incredibly humiliating experience?I thought to myself.She could've told some of our friends or family, just to ramp it up for me. Taken some pictures and threatened to release them if I misbehaved. Maybe we could've found a way to make each other happy, if only I hadn't been so stubborn and so dense.
"How about this, Chloe," Leo said. "You let me fuck your husband's tight hole, and I'll let you two leave. If anybody asks, I'll say he escaped before I called the cops."
"We'll take that deal," Chloe said. "Mason, tell Leo how much you want him inside of you."
That familiar mix of fear and excitement washed over me, as well as relief that I wouldn't be going to jail. My heart began to pound yet again. I opened my mouth, trying to find the words; they were flitting around my mind like lightning bugs in the night sky.
"Leo, you are so fucking hot," I heard myself say. "Just thinking about you is getting me hard. Please, Leo, please fuck me."
I couldn't believe what had just come out of my mouth. It had been so much more than what I'd needed to say. I was so confused. I didn't know what I wanted in that moment.
"Let's do this," Leo said.
He popped up to his feet again. He roughly grabbed me by the nape of my neck and guided me over to the desk. He started pressing on my back again, like he had done a few moments earlier. I leaned forward so that there was only about one foot separating my chest from the surface.
Chloe was sitting directly in front of my face on the other side of the desk. I looked into her eyes; they seemed eerily calm. I started to feel panicked for some reason, as if our emotions needed to balance one another.
I could hear Leo shifting his weight behind me; Chloe redirected her gaze to look at him. The metallic teeth of his zipper made a rhythmic noise as he pulled it down. It sounded as if he was pushing his khakis down. I began to tremble; my knees felt is if they might buckle.
"Damn, Leo!" Chloe said. "You're as big as Mason here."
Leo chuckled as he started groping my right ass cheek with his hand again. He slipped his fingers in my crack and started to massage my hole. He kicked a little at my ankles; I quickly spread my legs further apart. He kept caressing my rosebud.
"I should probably cut the zip tie," Leo said.
"That's alright," Chloe said. "In other circumstances he'd be all about some bondage. He'll be just fine. In fact, I have a feeling he's already getting more comfortable with thiswholesituation."
What the fuck?I thought. I looked back in her eyes; she was biting her lip. I could see that she was starting to get turned on watching the scene unfold. I was about to be fucked by a dude, while bound, with my wife watching. My cock started leaking pre-cum again; it dribbled down onto the desk.
"I don't have any lube," Leo said, "but I don't want to tear his hole open."
There was no way I was going to take a nine-inch dick without lube. I knew from doing anal with Chloe that lube was an absolute prerequisite. My knees shook again; it was obvious that I was trembling. Leo gently placed his hand on his shoulder, as if to calm me down.
"This should work," he said.
I watched from the corner of my eye as his free hand reached around and scooped some of the cum on my abs onto his index finger. Before I could process what was happening, I felt his finger delicately press up against my tight hole. It felt smooth and slick. He started pressing with mild force.
Oh fuck!I thought to myself. I stopped breathing; it was beyond uncomfortable. Everything in my body was trying to keep my hole closed, but he continued pressing inwards anyways. The tip of his index finger pushed past the barrier. It felt like my sphincter was frantically trying to push it back out.
"Oh God," I moaned as I finally exhaled.
"I think he's enjoying himself," Chloe said.
Leo began to slide his finger back and forth inside of my hole; he'd only invaded me about an inch. It felt as though there were some amazing hidden nerves right underneath his finger that I never knew existed. With each movement, warmth surged into my rock-hard cock. I thought about what Chloe said about me being hypersensitive; I couldn't help but to think that there'd been some truth to it. I could see myself cumming again if Leo kept doing what he was doing. It was hard for me to know just how much of that was down to how vulnerable I felt.
There was a sense of release as Leo withdrew his finger. I felt relieved and, at the same time, a part of me didn't want him to stop. I watched as his hand reached in front of me again. He used the entire side of his palm to collect as much cum from my abs as possible. It looked like there were several tablespoons in his hand as he pulled it away.
I glanced at Chloe; she was rapt. She was also subtly massaging her pussy through her jeans. I felt something smash into my ankles, causing me to fall down flatly onto the surface of the desk. My pecs and abs collided with it. It took me a second to realize that Leo had swept my ankles out from under me.
My cock hung down, dangling over the side of the desk. The base of its top side was pressing sharply against the edge. I looked up at Chloe, my eyes wide with fear. I was trying to catch my breath; the wind had been knocked out of me.
Something pressed against my hole again; I prayed that Leo was going to warm me up again. I knew that, if he was truly as big as me, I was going to struggle without the proper preparation. I felt Leo push forward; my hole refused to open.
He exerted greater force. Something much larger than a finger was trying to force its way inside of me. I stopped breathing; all of my attention shifted to what he was trying to do. I couldn't notice anything else in my body in that moment.
Leo pushed some more; my asshole felt like it was being ripped open. It was worse than anything I had felt in a very long time. The sensitive skin was burning, and I was certain that he was already splitting my entire body in half.
"Just breathe," Chloe whispered into my ear.
"Is he okay?" Leo asked.
My entire body was shaking. My asshole was spasming, manifesting all of my panic, but utterly failing to push the invader back out. It must have looked like I was on the verge of crying; my face was on fire, and I could feel beads of sweat forming on my forehead. I was surprised they weren't sizzling into steam.
"It's just the tip," Leo said. "I can stop if he's not up for this."
Yes, please stop,I thought to myself. He had quit pushing in any deeper; the intensity was slowly starting to dial back. It was as if my hole was just giving up and accepting that it had been defeated.
"He's loving it," Chloe said. "He likes it rough. You don't have to be worried about Mason. We do this all the time. He just really likes to put on a show when he's being fucked."
"Okay," Leo said, with a suspicious tone. "Is that true, Mason?"
I looked at Chloe; there was a devious look on her face. It was unlike anything I had seen before. She had stopped touching herself, but she was still clearly very aroused. I focused back on my asshole. It still fucking hurt like I couldn't believe, but I was starting to get used to it. Underneath the pain, I could sense a small current of pleasure. It reminded me of how my fetish would gradually start ramping up, actually. At first, I would mostly feel fear and humiliation, just like a normal person would, but there'd be that hint of something else, behind or underneath. Then that hint would get bigger and bigger, until finally it took over completely and outed me as the total freak that I was.
"Yes, Leo," I said while attempting to sound relaxed. "I'm fine."
Leo must have been hoping that I would answer that way. I imagined he must have been horny as hell if his ex had never agreed to get fucked. He placed his left palm on my shoulder and right hand firmly on my ass cheek. With no more hesitation, Leo plunged himself into me.
My hole cried out in pain. I didn't know how thick he was, but it felt like he was huge I was worried that my skin was actually tearing. I felt tears well up on my eyes as I gasped for breath. Leo's cock head was pressing against something inside of me; I could feel that resistance. It was as if I had no more room to take it all.
Leo started to pull out. I breathed a huge sigh of relief; he must have been able to understand that I was simply physically incapable of taking his cock. My hole spasmed as he quickly started to push it into me again.
"Just a few more inches," Leo moaned.
What the fuck?I thought.How the fuck is that possible?I knew in my very soul - which Leo's cock felt like it was only millimeters away from - that it was impossible for me to take 'just a few more inches.' My eyes pleaded with Chloe, in hopes that she would so something."It will get better,"she mouthed. I took a deep breath and focused on calming my quivering body.
Leo rammed forward. I let out a small yelp, but he kept going. I could hear him moaning. The top of his cock smashed into that barrier inside of me and just kept pressing. I could sense the pressure he was exerting as he continued to force it in spite of the resistance. After a few more seconds, I felt his coarse pubic hair press against my jiggling ass cheeks.
"Holy fuck," he moaned. "I'm bottoming out."
He didn't move; he was savoring the pleasure and victory of having forced it all inside of me. My hole felt like it was starting to go numb, although there was still a burning sensation every time Leo's cock throbbed. I was amazed that I could feel it pulsing inside of me; it was as if we were connected in a way that I'd never even imagined, let alone imagined being possible.
I slowed my breathing. I could still feel his cock head piercing deep within me, and I also started to feel something new. I couldn't believe it, but it was actually starting to feel really good. Nerve endings I didn't even know existed were beginning to send surges of energy through my body at the merest hint of motion. Each time Leo's cock throbbed, I wanted to moan with pleasure.
Leo started pumping his hips. His dick started to pull out from where it was crammed inside of me. The sense of relief combined with the supercharged stimulation was unbelievable. When he started to push in again, I felt a different kind of pleasure - one that was mixed with pain and worry about how much I could handle.
He started to thrust more quickly. My hole had mostly grown used to the rocking movement, except for a fiery jolt each time he went balls deep. My breathing was starting mirror his rhythmic fucking.
Thwap, thwap, thwap!The sound of Leo's crotch bouncing against my firm ass reverberated around the small room. My dick started smacking into the side of the desk as Leo went faster. More pre-cum leaked from my cock, dripping onto the floor.
"Does that feel good?" Leo asked with a grunt. "Do you like being my little bitch?"
"Yes," I moaned, as another wave of pleasure washed over me. "Make me your bitch."
What the hell am I saying?I couldn't believe that I had gone from being a guy's guy to begging some dude to fuck me into oblivion. It just felt so amazing, and I felt so humiliated being topped by a gay man while my wife watched. I was getting caught in another loop. I could tell that Leo's giant cock and powerful fucking were making me feel good in a raw, physical, sexual way. That, itself, humiliated me. That humiliation pushed me to ever greater heights of arousal and perverted pleasure.
Leo pulled at my shoulder so that my torso lifted away from the desk; he leaned down at the same time. I could feel my bound hands pressed between my back and his stomach. I looked to the side to see what he was doing from the corner of my eye. He pressed his mouth into mine and started kissing me.
My lips instinctively parted as his tongue slid into my mouth. He continued to ram me with his massive cock. He was breathing heavily from all the thrusting. I could see what Chloe was watching and nodding, like she was reassuring Leo that she wasn't bothered. He hardly needed the encouragement. Even if he had, her hand shoved all the way down her jeans and furiously working her pussy would have sent the message.
Leo finished kissing me and lowered me back down to the desk. He pushed my ankles even further apart; it was as if he thought this would somehow allow him to go deeper, even though I was taking it all already. He started jackhammering. The pain flared up again, but it was combined with a new type of pleasure.
My cock began to overload from all the stimulation as it bounced against the side of the desk. My nuts began to spasm and contract. My ass continued to bounce with each slamming thrust.
"I'm, um, I'm going to cum," I moaned.
Leo stopped and pulled me with him as he stepped back from the desk about one foot. It freed up enough space so that he could reach in front of me. He wrapped his right hand around my dick and started frantically jerking me off while he continued to thrust away.
His hand felt so nice; it was covered in my pre-cum. The eruption started to surge from my nuts towards my dick. I shot rope after rope of jizz down onto the floor as Leo stroked me. I moaned with each spurt. Once he could tell I had finished, he fucked my ass forward so I was sprawled across the desk again. I felt utterly exhausted.
"I'm close," Leo said. "Can I cum inside?"
"You..." Chloe started. The question had actually halted her hidden hand for a moment.
"Yes, Leo," I interjected before she could finish. "Fill me with your cum."
Chloe looked proud of me - proud of how she had gotten me to become completely subservient in just a few hours. Getting fucked in the ass had to be at the top of some type of list of things she had never I imagined I would do. She certainly wasn't letting it go to waste. She started up on herself again, and I could tell she was nearing an incredible climax of her own - probably a more powerful one than I'd ever given her in our entire marriage. I pictured her telling her best friend, after a few glasses of wine, that we'd had a threesome and she'd watched me get pounded by another man. I could hear their derisive laughter echoing in my head, and I loved it.
Leo grabbed me by the hips with his hands, pulling me towards him as he thrust into me. He pushed with what must have been every remaining ounce of his might. I let out a big yelp as his cock head banged into that bruised place he had been ramming. Leo stopped; I felt him throbbing inside of me.
"Oh God," he moaned.
A warmth suddenly spread within me; I felt his hot load coating my insides. I could sense that it had enveloped Leo's dick as it searched for somewhere to flow. I was already completely filled with his massive member; the cum had nowhere to go.
His cock pulsed a few more times; a jet of jizz squirted into me each time. On roughly the third explosion, the cum started forcing its way out of my tender asshole. It began to ooze out and drip down onto Leo's dangling balls. I felt like the human equivalent of an over-filled custard donut.
Leo let go of me hips; he began to pull himself out from inside of me. Again, I felt that familiar sense of relief. As the last inch of his dick slid out of my hole, though, I also felt a void inside of me. It was as if my body was waiting for him to push back inside.
"Oh fuck," Leo chuckled. "I really opened you up."
My hole hadn't yet tightened; I could sense that it was gaping open. I tried to force it shut, but I didn't think I succeeded. I looked over my shoulder to discover that Leo was inspecting his handiwork.
He reached towards my ass and gave it a firm squeeze. He used his index finger to trace to circumference of my open hole. My spent cock twitched, even though it had nothing left to give.
"So fucking hot," he said.
He moved his hand again before stepping forward. I wondered what he was going to do - what could possibly be left to do. I winced as he jammed his cock head back into me; I could tell that it was starting to soften. He had to use his hand to help push it deep within me. It didn't hit that painful place again; that was something, at least. It had lost too much of its firmness.
"It's almost over," Chloe whispered.
I looked into her eyes, realizing that I hadn't really been paying attention to her for the last few minutes. I had become so focused on all the new sensations that it was almost as if I forgot she was in the room with me. I'd missed her climax; I could tell she'd brought herself all the way there. I got very sad - weepy, almost. I felt guilty.
"Did I do a good job?" I asked. I was pleading with her like a puppy who still didn't understand the rules, but was desperate for its new master's - or mistress's - approval.
"Very good," she said. My heart leapt.
As Leo's dick became softer, my hole started to tighten. Though I realized it was ridiculous, it felt like his cock was helping my battered hole rediscover its original shape, easing it back towards normal. The pleasure started to dissipate while the pain increased. It wasn't pain from what he was doing in that moment. It was an ache deep within me - in that place he'd rammed his cock head into over and over again when he couldn't push any further. That pain paired with a burning sensation pulsing in my hole from being stretched to its very limit, and possibly even beyond it.
Leo pulled himself out for the second time. This time my hole closed, mostly. I felt like a complete mess. Leo's cum was still inside of me, as well as dripping down my thighs. My body was exhausted; no workout I'd ever done could have possibly compared.
I could hear Leo rummaging behind me. I assumed he was cleaning himself up. His zipper made a whirring sound that let me know he'd put his pants back on. I continued to lay prone on the desk as I waited for instruction from Chloe or Leo.
Leo walked over and stood by Chloe in front of me. They both stared at me like I was a depleted object - a basketball that had lost its air. Leo opened the desk drawer and removed a pair of scissors; he handed them to Chloe.
"A deal's a deal," he said.
Chloe cut the plastic tie, freeing my bound wrists. I continued to lay there; I suddenly realized that Leo hadn't just turned my insides to jelly; he'd done much the same to my legs. I wasn't sure I could move. My ass was still throbbing with pain, too, and it felt so odd shifting my position since it was still filled to the brim.
"You can stand up now," Leo said.
I used my upper body strength to push myself up from the desk. Each small motion made me wince. I had to take a wide stance; I was too worried about the torture that would come from closing my legs. I heard a dripping noise; I looked down to see drops of cum hitting the floor. They were oozing out of my hole, which apparently hadn't fully closed after having been so badly battered.
"Here," Leo said, as he opened one of the drawers in a file cabinet next to the desk.
He pulled out a compact duffel bag and handed it to me. I noticed the red lines still visible on my wrists from where the plastic tie had dug into them.
"These are my gym clothes," he said. "Put them on. I'll make sure the coast is clear. Just exit the room going left and there will be an emergency exit at the end of the hall. It's supposed to have an alarm, but it hasn't worked in ages."
"Thanks," I said.
I looked into the bag. There were some nylon athletic shorts, a tank top, socks, and a pair of sneakers. I realized that this would be my first time wearing clothes in at least an hour, if not longer. I'd well and truly lost track of time. I knew I should feel relieved, but it was more complicated than that. A part of me felt sad that my real-life fantasy was coming to an end, even if it had not gone nearly how I'd expected. Another part of me just felt happy that it had happened at all.
As I dressed, I reflected on what I had learned about myself. I realized that I could live out my kinkiest fantasies with Chloe, and it appeared as if we could both get something out of the experience. I also realized that maybe I had more fetishes to discover. I would have never had imagined that I'd get off while being pounded by a man as my wife watched. I almost chuckled at the thought that I'd been such a big baby when she'd suggested sliding just one of her slender fingers up inside of me. That also made me feel guilty all over again - but it wasn't a hopeless guilt. It was paired with a desire to do better, and to be better for her - and a firm belief that I could and I would, if only she'd give me the chance.
I looked at Chloe; I felt more connected to her than ever. She looked so beautiful - even more so in her own post-orgasmic haze. I hoped with all of my heart that she saw what I saw, and felt what I felt: a new beginning.