She sat there quietly contemplating how she had gotten to this point. She knew what she was about to do was risky, but she couldn't help herself. She loved the thrill. The chills that she got deep down in her bones every time she got away with it were what gave her an indescribable high. She waited patiently in front of her high school for the beginning of the day to arrive. Her school uniform was in place as usual, however today she had left something out -- her undergarments. She was the only one there, as she had arrived extra early due to her anticipation of the day. As she waited she began to think back to what brought her to this point.
Stephanie had started teasing people by accident at first. The summer before her senior year of high school herself and some friends went to a water park. In her yellow bikini she flew down the steepest waterslide she'd ever been on. As she screamed in delight she enjoyed the rush of the water fly over her young and tight body. She had just turned 18 and was 5'5 with long brown hair, a flat tummy, and bright blue eyes she was a definite bombshell. Her perky ass and luscious tits definitely didn't hurt either.
When she reached the bottom she was so excited and full of adrenaline that she quickly rushed to get out of the pool and back in line with her friends to ride the slide again and again. When she reached her friends who were waiting for her she felt people all around her staring at her. She thought nothing of it until her and her friends turned around to go back in line when Amanda, her best friend, stopped her. "Stephanie! OH MY GOSH!! STOP!" She ran up behind Stephanie covering her with her body and said quietly into her ear "you have the biggest wedgie; your ass is completely hanging out!" Stephanie couldn't believe it, but as she reached around she realized she may as well have been wearing a thong as both of her butt cheeks were completely exposed.
As her friend covered her she pulled her bathing suit bottoms out of her crack and tried to hide her embarrassment. Why hadn't anyone told her as she got out the pool? She looked back towards the pool and saw that some men were still staring at her with something in her eyes she hadn't seen before. They looked at her like they were starving and she were a steak. She felt butterflies flutter in her stomach as her embarrassment turned into excitement.
Just when she was about to leave the slide, she suddenly couldn't think of anything she wanted more than to get back on it and ride it down again. As she finally made it back to the top of the slide she started to feel a moistness grow between her legs as she hatched a plan to get more of that delicious attention. She sped down the slide and as she did she pulled one side of her bathing suit aside to make her tit pop out.
She couldn't believe what she was doing, but before she could second guess herself the ride was over. She stood up in the pool and looked around as if searching for her friends and pretended not to notice that her sizeable 34-C breast wasn't out in the open for the world to see. As she "searched" she saw men begin to notice her and stare hard at her chest. She felt her nipple harden with excitement and heat begin to grow in her abdomen. One man, who looked to be about 40, came up to her in the pool and stood extremely close to her.
He smiled down at her and said hello, so she just smiled back and said hi. He reached for her and boldly fixed her swimsuit. She stood there frozen as he let his hand linger and brush against her nipple. Her body shook as he finished putting her suit in place and gave her young flesh a quick squeeze. "Just thought I'd help you out" he said, suddenly hoarse. She managed to squeak out a "thank you" as he suddenly embraced her and said "anytime".
Before he let her go she felt a hardness press against her belly and she knew he was enjoying this interaction just as much as she was. When he let go they both kept staring at each other almost hypnotized when suddenly they heard someone yell out "Michael!!". His head whipped around quickly and they saw an older woman with a young boy waiting outside the pool giving the pair a crazy look. "Coming honey!" He shouted back as he quickly ran out of the pool to be with his family. He looked back longingly at the young girl and then left. She stood there for a moment in a daze. What had just happened?
She wanted more, and she needed to relieve this pressure growing in her pussy. She needed release! She raced passed her friends and said "Be right back" and went to the nearest restroom and dove her hand into her bathing suit bottom and began to rub her pussy hard and fast. She began moaning and knew she would be heard if someone else walked in but that just excited her more. She freed her breasts with her other hand and began massaging them and pinching her nipples. Suddenly she heard someone enter the bathroom and all the pressure that had been building up inside of her suddenly exploded as she came to have an orgasm larger than any she had ever experienced.
As she calmed down she knew she needed to do something like that again. Over the summer when her dad would have friends over she would walk around in flimsy tank tops without any bras underneath just to watch the men's eyes bulge out of their faces. Sometimes if she was really lucky she would catch a glimpse of other "bulges". She began wearing short skirts and "accidentally" dropping things in front of people so she could bend over dramatically and give them a peek at the lacy thongs she was wearing. She loved the attention she was getting. It was her senior year - the final year of high school so she decided that this school year would be the most exciting one of all.
She was going to have her favorite teacher again, Mr. Murray, and she couldn't wait to begin showing herself to him. She started off by doing her favorite "oops I dropped something" routine right in front of him while wearing sexy black underwear. She could feel him staring as she took her time picking up her dropped book. The next day she went up to his desk with her shirt unbuttoned a couple buttons and bent over his desk to ask him for help. He kept stealing glances at her ample cleavage as he tried to focus on the question she was asking for help with, but was having a hard time. Her nipples hardened at his attention and made her want more. This is what led her to today; she couldn't wait to go to his class.
As she waited for school to start she saw his car pull up and was so glad that he was there finally. She didn't have his class until the end of the day, but saw no harm in walking with him to class. When he walked up to the front of the school she suddenly ran up to him and gave him a hug. "Good morning Mr. Murray!!" She knew teachers were supposed to keep a physical distance from their students so she expected him to pull away quickly.
What she didn't expect was him to linger and pull her in closer. There was no space left between their bodies as he suddenly sniffed her hair. She couldn't believe what was happening! He suddenly pulled away and looked shocked at himself as he said "oh sorry, good morning Stephanie..." and he began to rush passed her. She quickly caught up with him and walked silently behind him as he went to his classroom. He unlocked his classroom door and went inside and she followed behind him. He turned to look at her and said "can I help you with something, Stephanie??"
She began taking off her backpack and then her cardigan and said "actually, can I just read here for a bit since I still have 30 minutes before classes start?" In her white button up she knew that at this point he would see her rock hard nipples poking through, and watched in amusement as he stared longingly at them. "Is that okay Mr. Murray?" "Oh! Yes! Of course, Stephanie, Go right ahead!" He went back to getting his classroom ready for the day as he tried his best to ignore her. Instead of sitting in her chair to read, she decided to sit on top of her desk.
At first she had her legs crossed as she pretended to read a book for English. She slowly began to creep her skirt higher up her thighs to give him a better show. When he sat down at his desk and looked at her, he couldn't look at way. Mr. Murray thought it was the perfect opportunity to enjoy staring at this young beautiful girl since they were alone and she wouldn't notice since she was reading. There is no harm in just looking, right? He felt himself grow harder when suddenly Stephanie uncrossed her legs and her skirt crept a little higher up her thighs. She yawned then and stretched her arms open dramatically to make her next move seem natural.
She lifted one of her legs and placed her foot on the desk as she continued "reading" and gave him a full view of her exposed and hairless pussy. She knew he would be able to see how wet she already was and that just made her more bold. When Mr. Murray caught sight of her beautiful pussy it was like all the air was sucked out of the room. He dick was now rock hard and pressing uncomfortably into his pants. Before he could think about it he reached down and unbuttoned his pants to release his dick.
He figured that she wouldn't be able to see with him being behind the desk. But she could see from her perch atop her desk and she was so surprised to see his large 9 inch cock come into view. She opened her legs wider and he began slowly caressing himself as she stared on in delight. She suddenly couldn't help herself any longer so she threw her book down and began openly rubbing her pussy in front of her teacher. She could see he was shocked, but he didn't stop jacking off his dick.
The two stared hard at each other as their mutual closeness to orgasms grew. She began rubbing her tits through her shirt and Mr. Murray stood up to give her a clear view of what he was doing. He didn't make a move towards her but instead began pumping faster and faster at his dick. Stephanie was at the edge when her orgasm finally arrived and she let out a huge moan of relief just as she saw Mr. Murray throw his head back and moan as his dick sprayed his cum all over her desk.
They both just looked at each other for a moment when they began hearing voices outside the classroom. They looked at the clock and realized that school was about to start! She quickly jumped down from the desk and fixed her clothes as he grabbed napkins to wipe up his seed. She was just about to leave when she stopped to whisper in his ear, "See you later today" and she kissed him on the cheek before she skipped out the door.
To be continued...