My wife Kitty and I lived together for five years before we got married. We both had been married before and this was our way of seeing if it was going to work without all the legal problems. I'm happy to say it did work out and we were together for twenty-four years.
That first year together was interesting, as all new relationships tend to be. It's a learning time. You learn each other's likes and dislikes, you learn about each other, both past and present. One Sunday morning I dropped a bomb of a revelation.
Kitty wasn't much of a clotheshorse. Clothes were for comfort more than show. Although when she got dolled up, she was spectacular, at least in my eyes anyway. At five ten, she was tall and slender with small breasts and narrow hips. Her heart shaped butt was to die for.
Shorts and crop tops were her general mode of dress in warm sunny southern California back in the early seventies. I had a small one-bedroom apartment in south Santa Anna. It was a duplex with another apartment down stairs and two one-car garages to one side. A widow lady lived downstairs and I always worried about us disturbing her.
Later, I found out she loved having "Newly Weds" as she called us, living upstairs. I think our anywhere and anytime lovemaking did more for her heart than her pacemaker did. We did get very noisy, believe me, but that's a whole other story.
The Sunday morning bombshell was delivered in bed as we read the Sunday paper. I saw an article on the upcoming Nude Day celebration in Orange County where we lived and mentioned it to Kitty. She looked at me questioningly.
"Oh yeah, I guess I forgot to mention that I've been a nudist since I was like sixteen." One bombshell delivered directly on target.
The questioning look turned into a frown and then she sighed. "A nudist, huh. No wonder I can't keep clothes on you here in the house."
"Hey, you're one to be talking." I paused and grinned. "I love to watch you running around naked. It gives a whole new meaning to domestic bliss."
Kitty smiled and said, "I love you watching me and your eyes do good things for me but...." She sighed and shook her head. "I'm not sure about being naked in front of strangers. It's just not my thing, I guess."
"Have you ever tried?"
"Uh, no. I get embarrassed enough in front of a new lover. Well, except for you for some strange reason. I think it's the way you look at me. It's more appreciation than lust. Although, even when I see the lust in your eyes it's still loving."
"I'm just glad you don't have eyes in the back of your head."
Kitty laughed. "You mean, so I won't see how you look at my ass. I hate to tell you but those drooling, oh my God, looks get you more sex than you realize. Why do you think my ass is always toward you when I bend over to pick something up?"
"You do have one beautiful ass, standing up or bent over." I told her.
She made a growling sound in her throat and whispered, "You keep spreading it on that thick and I'll be on my knees with my ass up in the air for you to worship."
"Promises, promises," I said with a big grin.
"Not so fast. Let's get back to this nudist thing. What's a Nude Day celebration?"
"June the fourteenth is National Nude Day."
"You're kidding right. I've never heard of it before now." Kitty said and then added, "You're making it up to get me outside naked."
I held up the article in the paper so she could see it. "I'm not making it up but I do find the idea of you outside naked very tempting."
"I haven't even been skinny dipping since I was a kid and slipped into our neighbors yard one night for a swim," she said as she scanned the article.
"Thirty thousand people showed up at a local park last year? Whoa, that's way more naked people than I ever want to be around. What do thirty thousand naked people do?"
"Enjoy each others company, mainly." I replied. "It's not a sex thing, it's an enjoyment of being natural, one with nature and out in nature."
"Uh huh," Kitty said but she really didn't believe me."
"Some people just don't like clothes and think being naked is natures way. Whole families in fact, from Grandma down to the great grandbabies. It's a way of life and a way of living."
"Your whole family got naked together?" Kitty asked with shock in her voice.
I laughed and shook my head. "Not my family, the family of a girlfriend back in high school. She invited me to join them at a fourth of July barbeque and I was hooked on the freedom. I've met some of the nicest people who are nudists."
"Uh, huh," Kitty said again and then added, "A high school sweetheart."
I grinned and shook my head. "It wasn't that way at all. A month or so later her dad was transferred to some place up north and I never saw her again. He was in the Air Force and things like that happened. When I was eighteen I joined a local nudist group and continued until I went in the service."
"Why didn't you take it up again when you got out of the service?"
I shrugged. "Not enough time at first and later when I did try to join some of the groups here in California, I found out they very seldom except single male members."
"Well, you're not single now, sort of," Kitty said with a laugh. "But you do have a nice male member."
"Thank you dear, I love you too."
We went back to reading the paper and as soon as I finished the section with the Nude Day story, Kitty took it. She read the article and then laid the paper down. She got out of bed and left the bedroom. I sighed as I watched the sway of her heart shaped ass as she did.
She returned a few minutes later with the coffee pot and the Orange County phone book. She refilled our coffee mugs and then sat down on the side of the bed and began looking through the yellow pages. I smiled but didn't say anything. I already knew what was listed under nudists.
Finally, she tossed the phone book on the bed and lay back with her head on my thigh. "That was a waste of time. I looked under nudists, naturalists, naked, and nude. All I came up with was ads for topless and nude bars."
"That's about it," I said without looking up from the sports page.
"Then how do you find out about nudist clubs and such?"
"There are two national nudist organizations. You call and ask." I told her.
"Uh, what's their numbers? They aren't listed in the phone book are they?"
"They probably are but finding them is a headache. Hand me the card file out of my top dresser draw, I might still have a card."
She got the box and handed it to me. "It's locked," she said with a pout on her face.
I chuckled and nodded, "Yes it is." Then I used my thumbnail to unlock it. "It's not really a lock but more of a safety to keep it from coming open accidentally."
"You're mean. All this time, I thought it was locked."
I opened the lid and took out a stack of business cards. I handed her the box while I looked through the cards. She was still checking out the pictures, scraps of paper, and old and foreign coins long after I found the card I was looking for. I gave her time to satisfy her curiosity.
When she put the box down, she saw me watching her. She stuck out her tongue and said, "There wasn't anything in there worth knowing about."
I grinned at her and then chuckled. "It did its job, which was to keep you curious. Here's the card for the National nudist Association, it even has an eight hundred number."
"I'm not calling it. You're the nudist," she said quickly.
"I am but if you don't want to go with me then why am I calling?"
"Uh, to check on what clubs are here locally." She replied with a crooked smile.
"So, I'm going to get a membership and you aren't going with me?"
"Yeah, like I'm going to turn you loose with all those naked blonde California girls running around, uh, naked."
I was laughing as I got up to get the phone. Kitty followed me into the living room and smacked me on the ass. "I'm not jealous and you know it."
"Uh huh, you're a California girl, even if you are a redhead," I said as I dialed the 800 number.
"What about all the guys looking at my ass and getting a hard-on and such?"
"A hard-on is considered a compliment," I told her and then said, "Hello, yes, I'm not a member any longer but I was wondering about local clubs for southern California and what it cost to become a member again."
The woman on the line gave me the membership fees, both single and as a couple. She also said she could mail me applications and a list of local clubs. I gave her our mailing address and thanked her.
When I hung the phone up, Kitty asked, "Well?"
"She's sending us membership applications and a list of local clubs." I replied as I headed for the bedroom and the paper.
"Uh, what about Nude Day?" Kitty asked as she followed me into the bedroom.
"What about it? We can't do anything without memberships and a list of local clubs. That is, unless we want to do something on our own or join the thirty thousand people at the park." I told her as I got back in bed and picked up the paper.
"Lets leave the park out for right now. That many people naked still scares me," she said as she joined me on the bed.
"Ok then, we can do something on our own. There's Blacks Beach down toward San Diego, it is clothing optional. That would give you a chance to start in your bikini and get naked as you got used to the idea."
"I am used to the idea of being naked. I love being naked around you, it's the rest of the people I have to get used to," Kitty said with a grin.
"Uh, there is this place out toward Apple Valley, up in the high desert but it's for camping only."
"You like to camp?" Kitty asked and then laughed. "I haven't been camping since I was a girl scout."
"I think I was six or seven the first time I went camping. I love camping, also. I even have some gear down in the garage. There's a tent, a cook stove, a lantern, an air mattress or two and a sleeping bag."
"Show me," she said as she grabbed my arm and tried pull me off the bed.
I laughed and let her have her way. I followed her into the kitchen and down the steep steps to the garage. Her little car was parked off the one side and my motorcycle was next to it. The washer and dryer were in the corner. There were shelves about head high on both walls.
Kitty scanned the shelves and said, "I don't see any camping gear?"
I grinned as I pulled two duffle bags off the shelf above my bike. "I'm riding on two wheels so I have to pack accordingly," I said as I pulled a third bag down. "The tent, air mattresses, and sleeping bag are in there." I pointed to the first bag. "The stove, lantern, fuel, and cooking and eating stuff are in there." I pointed to the second bag.
"What's in the third bag?"
"Miscellaneous that wouldn't go in the first two and room for a second sleeping bag," I said with a grin.
Kitty laughed and hugged me. That led to our second round of sex that day. The first had been in bed before the paper and coffee. This one ended up on the hood of her car with my head between her legs. Two orgasms later for her, she was bent over the hood with me fucking her from behind.
There was something about sex in the garage that got both our juices flowing wildly. The last time had been on the washer and dryer, literally. Both times were wild and wanton sex but then again all our sex was that way until the kids came along and put a damper on things.
As we lay on the hood of her car, Kitty giggled and whispered, "I just washed this damned thing."
"Uh, you do mean the car, right?" I asked with a grin.
She whacked me on the arm and laughed. "Yes the car, smartass. For that you have to carry me back up those steep ass steps."
"Uh, yeah, but whose carrying me?"
She laughed and then sighed, "I love you, even if you are a nut."
"That's because I am a nut and I love you too," I whispered as I nuzzled her neck and then nibbled on her ear.
She giggled and twisted her head away. "Now about this camping trip?" she said trying to get my attention off her ears and back on track.
"Oh yes, the nude camping trip. That sounds so erotic when I picture you outdoors naked."
"Uh, yeah. When are we going and how? Are we taking my car or your bike?"
"I need to find out if they have any spaces left at this late date." I told her and went back to pursuing her ear.
She giggled and swatted at me. "Quit and lets go call."
I grinned and got up off her. She made a soft whimpering sound as my semi soft dick came out of her pussy. She shivered and held out her arms for me to pull her up to her feet. I chuckled at her sweaty outline on the shine of her car hood.
She giggled when I pointed it out and whispered, "Another memory to file away."
After a long and passion filled kiss, I followed her up the steep stairs. Her ass was at eyelevel most of the time and I licked it every chance I got. She would giggle or yell, according to where my tongue landed, and swat at me. We were both laughing like a couple of kids as we reached the kitchen.
I headed for the phone and Kitty head for the bathroom to clean up her side of our mess.
*****
By the time, I found out that there were available spaces and reserved one, Kitty was out of the shower. I grabbed a shower and afterwards found her going through the closet.
I watched her a moment and then asked, "What are you looking for, sweetness?"
"I'm trying to find the other one of my boots that I wear on the motorcycle."
I laughed and looked under the bed. The missing boot was there. I pulled it out and handed it to her as I asked, "Then we're going on the motorcycle?"
"So, there is a spot for us?" She asked back.
"There sure is."
"Then we're going on the bike," she said with a grin as she pushed me down onto the bed. She straddled my hips and rubbed her sex against my soft manhood. "I love riding on the bike and you know what it does to me."
"Oh yeah, I know alright. That's what got me in trouble the first time."
She swatted me several times and said, "Oh, yeah. So, I'm trouble am I? Then I'll go on this naked camping trip by myself. I'll bet I can find someone who will appreciate me."
I rolled her off me and pinned her to the bed with her hands high over her head. I kissed her deeply and then said, "I appreciate the hell out of you and you know it."
She flexed her hips against my growing manhood and then sighed deeply. "That's what got me into trouble initially, if I remember correctly."
I chuckled and kissed her again. Our lovemaking this time was slow and sensuous. Our kisses and caresses had us both on a slow burn by the time I rolled us over and she impaled herself on my hard dick. My hands caressed and teased her body as she rode me slowly with a rocking motion.
I think that is what kept thing so interesting between us the whole time we were together. Our lovemaking varied so widely from one time to the next. It all depended on our mood and who started what first. Of all the ways we did make love I think this was the best. With her on top doing as she wanted while I egged her on to higher and higher heights.
As it was, she came before I did, her hips jerking and bucking as she lay forward on top of me. With a grin, I quickly rolled us over, pulled her legs up over my arms and hammered her sopping wet pussy with long fast strokes. This brought a yell of passion to her lips as her orgasm shot up, up and away.
*****
I had made reservations for both Saturday and Sunday at Cactus Jack's Desert Ranch. Shortly after daylight on Saturday morning, I rolled the bike out of the garage. Everything had been packed and stowed the night before. Now there was only us, a thermos of coffee, and a day bag to load aboard.
I fired the bike off and let it idle as Kitty climbed on the back and got comfortable. I plugged in her intercom and then climbed on myself. A dim light to my right made me look. Our downstairs neighbor was looking out her window. I waved and she waved back.
Plugging in my intercom wire, I said to Kitty, "Miss Irving is grinning and waving at us."
Kitty looked to her right, waved, and grinned back. "I wonder what she would think if she knew where we were going?" Kitty asked.
"Knowing her, she'd probably want to go with us. I just hope we are as happy and adventurous as she is when we get that age."
Kitty laughed and then grabbed my waist as I kicked the bike in gear and added gas. We were off for an adventure of our own.
*****
I figured it would be a little over a three and a half hour ride. I also figured on three rest stops. Our first one was at the top of the canyon leading into Corona. Kitty got off the bike and worked her hips and lower back. This was the first time she had ridden longer than fifteen or twenty minutes at a time.
Carrying the thermos over to a table, I watched my wife as she bent and stretched. Her tight jeans just added glory to her ass, especially the way her chaps framed it. Visions of how her ass looked with just the chaps on made me grin. I had gotten them for her the last Christmas.
She took off her helmet and hung it on the sissy bar. Turning to me, she grinned and said, "I saw you watching my ass."
"Uh huh. When I stop watching your ass, start shoveling dirt." I told her grinning back. "Especially with you wear those chaps."
He hips swayed even more than normal as she walked over to me. "I remember how much you liked my ass in these chaps. I will definitely wear them every Christmas from now on."
"I sure hope so," I replied and then looked thoughtful. "I wonder what you would look like on the bike with nothing on but those chaps and your leather vest?"
"If this place has the room and I get comfortable being naked around strangers, you might just find out," she whispered as she took the thermos from me.
"Be still my heart," I said with a chuckle as I grabbed my chest and lay back on the table.
Kitty laughed and then sat the thermos down as she moved over to stand close between my legs. Her hands went to the front of my Levis and massaged my semi hard dick through the thick material.
"Knowing where we are going, the vibrations from the bike, and now your eyes on me, have me hornier than hell," she whispered as she leaned forward on top of me. Her hands had a full grip on my now hard dick.
"Too bad there's no privacy here," I whispered back. "Just think how horny we'll both be by the time we get there."
Kitty made a growling sound and stood up. "Just for that, I'm going to play with this," she paused to squeeze my dick hard, "the whole way there."
I laughed and sat up. "That will sure give the tourists and their families a thrill when I stop for gas on the other side of the valley."
Kitty giggled and let go of my dick. "I'll have to make sure I have a club to beat the women off with."
I pointed to my hard dick, which made her laugh.
"If I beat them with that, they would enjoy it too much."
I reached out and pulled my wife too me for a long deep kiss that got a soft moan from her and a deep sigh from me.
*****
Kitty did play with my dick some as we rode but once we reached the foothills on the other side of the valley, she patted it and moved her hands to my waist. On the intercom she said, "Ok, I'll behave until we get gas but afterwards...."
She left the sentenced hanging but I could see her mischievous grin in my mind as I turned into a gas station and pulled up to the pump.
Once we were off the bike, she said, "I'm going to the restroom. That coffee caught up with me finally."
I nodded and watched her walk across the parking lot. The sway of her ass highlighted by those chaps made me sigh deeply. "I hate to see you go but I love to watch you walk away," I recited under my breath.
When she went inside, I popped the gas cap and filled the bike. I checked the oil and tires and went inside to pay for the gas. Kitty stood at the counter with two cokes. I noticed that she had her coat zipped up.
Back at the bike, I pulled my jacket off, packed it away, and rolled my long sleeves up a couple of turns. It had warmed up nicely and the high desert would be even warmer.
"Want to put your jacket away?" I asked my wife as I turned around to face her.
She handed me the two cokes and slowly pulled the zipper down on her jacket with a grin. Earlier, she had worn a long sleeved flannel shirt and her leather vest under the jacket. Now, there was just the leather vest. The shirt was tied around her waist.
"My, oh, my," I whispered with a grin to match hers. "Getting an early start are we?"
She handed me the shirt and then slowly pealed off the jacket. The vest covered her nicely but it was very obvious that she wore nothing under it.
"Sexy!" I said with a leering grin as I took her jacket from her.
She laughed and walked around to the left hand side of the bike. "I considered digging out my bikini bottoms and wearing just them under the chaps but there are too many people around."
"Maybe we can find you a more private place to change on down the road," I said as I put the shirt, jacket, and cokes away.
"You look absolutely gorgeous in that outfit," I said as I walked around to join her.
She came up on her toes and kissed me softly on the lips. As she came down off her toes, she sighed and whispered, "If we did find a private place then I'd be too worn out to stay on the back of this thing, cause you know what else would happen."
I grinned and nodded. "Yeah, I know exactly what would happen. You'd end up bent over the seat on this bike with me behind you."
Kitty shivered and turned to get on the bike. "We aren't there yet?" She asked as she climbed aboard.
I laughed and joined her on the bike. "I'm sure going to keep my eyes pealed for a spot, believe me," I said as I put my helmet on.
Once my intercom was plugged in, Kitty replied, "Me too," and then she giggled and slid up close behind me.
With a big smile, I started the bike and got us back on the road.
*****
As soon as we were away from the gas station, Kitty made good on her word as her hand found it's way down to rub, squeeze, and tease my dick even more than she had earlier. I shifted in my seat and spread my knees wider as I leaned back against her.
"You're enjoying this way too much," she said over the intercom.
"And you're not?" I asked in return.
She giggled and squeezed my shaft hard. "Between being half way naked, playing with you, and the vibrations in this seat, I'm having a ball."
"My balls are a little lower," I replied and then grinned as a small green sign for a roadside park in one mile flashed by. It was time for a little teasing of my own.
I slowed the bike and then downshifted, as the sign for the roadside park entrance got close. As I made the turn in and slowed farther, Kitty asked, "What are we doing?"
There were not any cars in the parking area. I idled the bike down toward the end and stopped next to a large pile of boulders that had been left for decoration. More boulders blocked most of the main part of the roadside park from view from the highway.
As I pulled the bike to a stop and shut it off, Kitty squirmed on the seat behind me. "You're not serious are you?"
I took my helmet off and hung it on the rearview mirror. "I'm quite serious," I said as I got off the bike.
Kitty looked at me as I walked around the bike and then she hastily pulled off her helmet and took a quick look around. "Someone could drive in at any time."
I grinned and opened the saddlebag where I had stowed her jacket, shirt, and the cokes. "Where did you say you packed your Bikini?" I asked with a grin.
"I didn't," she said quickly as she got off the bike.
Still grinning, I handed her a coke. "I didn't want these to get too warm before we had a chance to drink them."
I had to laugh as she relaxed suddenly and groaned softly. I wasn't sure if the groan was at my little joke or the fact that I hadn't been serious about her wearing just the bikini bottoms under her chaps.
She gave me a dirty look as she twisted the cap off the coke and then grinned as she said, "It is kind of private here."
I nodded as I opened my coke and watched her take a long drink of hers. "Yeah, it is."
She turned and looked around again. "There's not much traffic on the highway."
After I took a drink of my coke, I replied, "Nope, there's not."
I took another quick drink to hide my grin as she turned and looked at me. I could see the wheels turning in her head as she worked on the idea of really changing into her bikini bottoms.
She looked away again and flexed her hips from side to side. "These jeans are getting a little warm."
"More likely the lady in them is getting a little hot," I said with a chuckle.
She didn't look at me but I could see the grin on her face anyway. "I've been hot since we made that first stop this morning."
"I could change into my shorts and a t-shirt," I offered.
She glanced over her shoulder, her eyes on the still hard dick outlined in the left inside pants leg of my Levies. She looked away and then shivered.
After a drink of her coke, she turned toward me and used one hand to unsnap the first two snaps at the top of her vest.
Unsnapping the third snap, she whispered, "Your shorts and my bikini are in the backpack." Then she unsnapped the last snap and let the vest open as it would. It parted enough to show bare skin in a widening strip all the way down the front.
I sat my coke on the flat top of the saddle bag in front of me and went to the very back of the bike where our backpack was tied to the luggage rack. As I removed the sleeping bag and the small three-man tent from the top of the backpack, Kitty shifted her weight from one foot to the other.
As I got the backpack loose, she looked around quickly and then whispered, "We can't change here in this parking lot."
I grinned and started to tease her by asking why not, but instead I said, "How about behind those rocks."
She nodded but lagged behind as I started that way. I stopped and looked at her. She shivered and then downed the last of her coke. I could see her working up her nerve.
"Come on, it'll be just fine."
"Fine I'm not worried about. Getting fucked bent over a rock and my screaming my lungs out as I come are far higher on the list," she said as she walked forward to catch up with me.
I slipped my arm around her waist and grinned. "Those chaps will protect you knees."
"Who says I'll be wearing these chaps when you fuck me?"
I laughed and replied, "Point taken."
*****
We found a spot high up in the boulders that afforded us a view of the parking lot and the bike but we were out of sight except for our heads for the most part.
I took off my shirt as Kitty slipped off the vest. I'm not sure if it was the excited condition she was in or the fact that she was stripping out in the open but I couldn't remember seeing her nipples so hard. Probably a mixture of both.
Pulling her to me, I kissed her softly, gently. After a moment, she was kissing me back with a passion that was growing by leaps and bounds. Then it was a mad fumbling scramble with chaps and levies as we both tried to get our own and each other's clothes off.
Kitty ended up with both her chaps and levies down around her knees, bent over a large rock with her forearms on my shirt. My clothing was the same as hers as I slowly fucked her from behind. She wasn't yelling but she was as wet as I had ever felt her.
My dick had rammed home with one push, my hips slapping her ass firmly. We had both groaned loudly as she pushed back to meet me. We held that position for a few seconds and then I was making long slow strokes.
Kitty arched her back as I pushed in and then whimpered softly as I pulled out. Her pussy was hotter and tighter than usual and I could feel her inner muscles contracting to squeeze my shaft. The latter was what usually happened just before she came.
A moment later, she lowered her head and stuffed part of my shirt in her mouth. Now she was coming, her normal loud noises as she came, muffled by the shirt. I continued to fuck her, as her liquid center got even hotter and wetter. I could feel my orgasm rising but rising slowly. Her hips were fluttering up and down far faster than I was moving.
I took the hint, as only a long time lover can, and fucked her harder and faster. Her hips quickly matched mine as I slammed my hips against her ass. The noises from behind the mouth full of shirt grew even louder.
My orgasm crashed down on me out of nowhere and I was cumming deep in her pussy, my hips rocking against her firm ass. She rocked in counterpoint, trying to force my dick even deeper. Slowly her head lowed to rest on her forearms. My legs were trembling so hard that I had to rest part of my weight on the rock on either side of her.
"Fuck!" I whispered under my breath, which made Kitty giggle. I chuckled and kissed her on the back of the neck.
She squirmed and wiggled her hips from side to side. The back of her neck was very sensitive at times and this was one of them. My dick was slowly softening but was still deep in her firmly clenching pussy.
When I licked and then kissed her neck again, she giggled and whispered, "Quit, that ain't helping matters in the least."
"Which matters are we talking about? The fact that we both had barnburner orgasms or the fact that I love you to death."
She took a deep breath and let it out with a long sigh. "I love you too." She took a second deep breath and let it out slowly. "The orgasms were great but the mess we made is running down my inner thighs."
"Uh, are there wet wipes or wash rags in the backpack?'
Kitty giggled and shook her head. "You're expecting clear thoughts from me right now?"
"Okay, then I guess I'll have to look for myself."
When I didn't move, Kitty wiggled her ass and said, "Well? It ain't getting any better."
"Yeah, but I like it where I am and anyway, I'm not sure my legs will support me yet."
Kitty groaned softly and pushed up with her arms. "Here, let me help you." I laughed and straightened up. "There are some wet wipes in one of the side pockets," she added a second later.
I tried to reach the backpack but it was out of reach even when I leaned over as far as I could. "I'm afraid I'm going to have to pop the cork, so to speak."
"Then you'd better hurry or you're going to have one messy shirt," my wife replied with a giggle.
I moved my hips back slowly, which made Kitty shiver and then whimper as my dick came free of her sex.
She lowered her head back to her forearms, her naked ass high in the air. I was distracted and paused to look at her exposed in all her glory. I started to move again as she whispered sharply, "Hurry!"
I almost fell flat on my face as I had forgotten about my pants and chaps around my knees. A couple of shuffling steps and three pockets later I found a couple of my red shop rags and under them was the wet wipes. A new unopened pack to be exact.
Tossing Kitty one of the rags, I worked at getting the seal broken on the box. About the time I did, I noticed movement below us. There was a car parked a little ways from my bike and a guy and girl were walking toward the rocks we were in.
"What a mess," Kitty said and then giggled as she straightened up.
I picked up the backpack, hobbled over next her, and handed her the wet wipes. She took them and turned around to sit on my shirt. "Get my boots and stuff off will you. I need some room to clean up better."
The couple below was headed toward the back of the rock pile. With a grin, I pulled up my pants and chaps and then worked on her boots, chaps, and pants. She had one leg free and spread it to the side so she could use the wipes from her knees to her sex. I got the rest of her clothes off.
Stepping to the side, I opened the backpack to get my t-shirt and shorts out, plus her bikini bottom. I was also keeping an eye on the trail leading up to where we were. Kitty was still wiping herself as the guy turned the corner around the lower rock and took a couple of steps in our direction.
The guy lifted his head to look up the trail and stopped dead in his tracks, his mouth hanging open. The woman behind him ran into his back and then looked around his shoulder. Her mouth dropped open about the same time a big grin split the guys face.
"We seem to have company," I said softly.
Kitty looked at me and then down the trail. Her eyes got big for a second as she saw the other couple. "Asshole!" she yelled at me and then she was scrambling to get my large shirt on.
I heard a laugh from the man and a giggle from the woman as Kitty got the shirt wrapped around her. A moment later, the man said, "We'll find another place to...." He let the sentence hang. With that, the couple turned around and went back the way they had come.
Kitty was staring daggers at me as I put my t-shirt on. When I had it on, Kitty asked, "How long were they standing there before you said anything?"
"Just a moment or two."
With a frown, she asked, "And how long did you know they were here?"
"I saw their car when I stood up to get the wet wipes but I didn't know they were coming up here."
"Uh huh," she said as I held out her bikini bottoms to her. She snatched the bikini from me and went back to staring at me hard. A moment later, she giggled, and then she was laughing her ass off.
I chuckled right along with her as I took my boots off. I was working on getting my chaps off when Kitty stood up and grabbed me for a long, deep, passionate kiss. I should have had smoke coming out of my ears by the time she pulled back and grinned at me.
She glanced down at my semi hard dick and frowned. "I suddenly want seconds," she whispered.
I looked down at my dick and shook my head. "You drained it dry. Now if you will settle for something oral, I'm your man any time and any place."
Kitty frowned and then shook her head. "I can wait for tonight at the campgrounds but it's going to cost you dearly in tongue time."
"Is that supposed to be a threat?" I asked with a grin. "I can eat your little pussy for days on end if you would let me."
Kitty held up two fingers, making the sign of the cross. "No way. I'd be dead by the end of the first day but then again, what a way to go."
I chuckled and said, "Then get your little ass dressed and let's get on our way."
*****
Following Kitty back to the bike was one hell of a show. Her bikini clad ass framed by black leather chaps had my dick hard as a rock in no time. I stopped her as we got to the bike and guided her hand to my dick. She moaned softly and then groaned as she felt of it.
"Now it gets hard. It was my ass in these chaps, right." When I nodded, she grinned and added, "I should bend over the seat of the bike and see what happens but then again, you'd have to tie me on the bike afterwards."
"What's keeping you awake now?" I asked with a knowing grin.
"Being almost naked and fixing to ride on the bike in public this way," she whispered with several shivers.
As I walked around the bike I whispered back, "And that is another thing that has me hard as a rock."
Kitty laughed and came around to get on the bike. She paused a moment to kiss me on the cheek. "I love you so much," she said as she climbed on board the bike.
I took a moment to look at her sitting there as she put on her helmet. "Damn, what a beautiful woman you are," I told her as I got my helmet.
"I'll bet you say that to all the mostly naked ladies you have on this bike," she replied with a grin.
"That would be only you," I replied after I plugged both intercoms into the sockets.
*****
The ride up to the high desert was uneventful except for Kitty occasionally playing with my hard dick through my shorts. The sun was getting even hotter and we were low on gas by the time we reached the little story that was to be out last stop before the campgrounds.
Luckily, she had not played with my dick in the last five miles or so. I got off the bike to refuel. As I got the nozzle, kitty was still on the bike. "Don't you have to do the restroom thing?"
She shook her head and took off her helmet. "Not dressed like this," she said with a shiver.
"You could go put your clothes on you know."
"Hell no!" she said with a big grin. "I'm sitting in a puddle between being this naked riding down the highway and the vibration. I love it. I guess I'm a closet nudist after all."
I chuckled as I finished fueling. "No dearest, you're an exhibitionist. There is a difference."
"If I was an exhibitionist, I'd be inside strutting my stuff for all to see."
"You're still in the training wheels stage. You'll do just that one day," I said as I hung the nozzle up.
Kitty shivered again. "Training wheels, my ass. Just for that, I should go pay for the gas just to show you."
I grinned and held out a ten dollar bill. With a deep drawn out groan, she slowly shook her head.
Still grinning, I turned to go pay for the gas.
*****
We or rather I almost missed the turn in for the nudist ranch. Kitty had been playing with my dick almost constantly since we left the service station. She had even ran her hand up the right leg of my shorts to get skin on skin contact.
I wasn't sure if it was my training wheels comment and she was getting revenge or the fact that she was turned on to no end. Either way, I was enjoying the hell out of it, even if it was distracting.
Hitting the brakes hard, I ended up making an arcing turn and then switching back the other way to make the driveway. Kitty laughed and hugged me tightly as I did. She continued to hug me as we slowly rolled down the long twisting driveway. She only released me when I stopped at a twenty foot high solid gate and rang the buzzer on a pole next to the road.
A few minutes later, a blond lady with a dark tan, wearing khaki shorts and a halter top, opened a small walk though door and looked out. "Hello, can I help you?"
"Yes, we have reservations to camp."
"Ah, you must be the new couple that called the other day. Let me open the gate and we'll get you all signed up and in." She disappeared and a moment later, the gate swung inward enough for me to ride through it.
We were in a parking lot, a fairly crowded parking lot. Kitty squirmed on the back and said, "There are an awfully lot of cars here."
The woman had shut the gate and walked over to us. "This is a busy weekend for us every year. Nude Day may not be official but it does draw a crowd. Is that what brings you here?"
I had taken off my helmet and hung it on the rearview mirror. I explained how my future wife had found out about my being a nudist in the past and now she wanted to try it."
The woman nodded. "You would be surprised how many people come to the lifestyle over this unofficial Day."
Kitty handed me her helmet. "I'm not sure if I can get completely naked around strangers," she confessed.
The woman smiled. "For some it takes time and getting to know people. You will be just fine my dear. We have a good group here." She paused a second. "You can park the bike down by that building," she said pointing down the hill at a small office. "I'll be with you shortly. I'm not as fast as I used to be."
We rode down to the office and parked. I got off the bike and Kitty sat there looking at me. "Will I have to go inside?"
"Probably. We have paperwork to sign and memberships to buy." She whimpered softly. "Is there a problem?" I asked with a knowing grin.
"You mean other than my bikini bottoms being soaking wet and I smell like sex from head to toes."
The woman caught up with us about then. With a big grin she whispered, "Don't worry darling, I've spend a lot of time on the back of one of these vibrating monsters. I understand, believe me."
Kitty had not seen the woman walking up. I had but hadn't said anything. She glared at me a second and then turned to smile at the woman. "Do you have a cemetery here? This is the second time today my future dead husband has let someone slip up on me."
The woman grinned and shook her head. "I'm afraid we're not quite that progressive. Although there are some salt flats off to the north...." She let the sentence trail off with a wink.
The woman headed for the office door. Kitty stood up on the bike and looked down at me. She was frowning but smiled as I held out my hand to help her down. As she passed me, I took a deep breath through my nose and sighed. "You smell wonderful, good enough to eat at the very least." Kitty let out a deep, long drawn out groan.
I was not sure if the groan was for my little joke or the fact that being eaten was something, she wanted and needed at that very moment. In any case, I held her hand as we went inside to do the paperwork and to find out where we could camp.
*****
As we got back on the bike, I leaned over next to kitty and whispered, "Do you see the gate that is open at the end of the parking lot?"
When she nodded, I said, "That is the start of the nude area. I'm going to stop once I'm past it so you can take off your vest and stick it behind you. If you enjoyed riding up here in your bikini bottoms, just think how much you will like riding topless."
Kitty moaned deeply and shivered. "I.... Uh.... I.... I don't know if I can."
"Don't think about it, just do it," I told her. "It's only a couple of miles out across the desert, with good roads all the way, if I don't miss my guess."
She moaned again and then whimpered softly as I started the bike. Our helmets were slung on the sissy bar so we did not have the intercom. Kitty leaned up against me and hugged me tightly.
I stopped a hundred yards past the gate. Kitty moaned deeply and hugged me even tighter. After a moment, she shivered hard and sat back away from me. I heard the snaps on her vest pop one at a time. When the last one was open she whispered, "I want to do it but...."
A moment later, she made a sound of frustration and whipped the vest off, folded it, and put it behind her back against the sissy bar. Then she cuddled up against my back again with her arms around me even tighter than before.
I turned the left hand mirror so I could see her face. With a grin, I said, "If you lean forward like that, your vest will blow off."
Her eyes had been closed and now they popped open wide. "Can you put it in the saddle bag?" she whispered softly.
"You can," I replied.
"But I'd have to get off the bike to do it," she said with a groan as she sat back against the vest and sissy bar, her head swiveling as she tried to look in all directions at once.
I didn't say a word as I put the bike in gear and accelerated away. The thought of my beautiful future bride sitting behind me naked from the waist up had my dick as hard as stone. My mind showed a mental image of her puffy nipples. I knew her nipples were so hard they were puckered and shooting burst of pleasure straight to her wet sex.
We saw no one for the first mile or so and then, we passed a car going in the other direction. The couple inside were naked at least from the waist up. They waved at us as they passed. We waved back. After that, Kitty had a smile on her face and only looked at the scenery as we passed.
There was a sign marking the turn for campground number one. I made the left and slowed to follow the crooked road. I wonder why the campgrounds were so far out and then I top a rise and saw why. Where the desert had been open and flat, this was a canyon with scattered stunted trees that looked like a type of oak.
I pulled the bike off to the side and stopped. Kitty leaned forward to look over my shoulder, her warm breasts against my back. "It's beautiful here," she whispered in my ear. Then she nibbled my earlobe and asked, "Why do you still have a shirt on?"
With a chuckle, I peeled my t-shirt off over my head. Now, her warm breasts were against my skin. I could feel how hard her nipples were as we breathed. "Is that better?" I asked softly.
"Much better," she replied as her hands found my hard dick under my shorts. With a shiver she added, "I hope that tent goes up quickly or someone is going to get one hell of a show."
With a chuckle, I put the bike in gear and let it idle down the road. I used the brakes to keep it at a slow speed for two reasons. One, I did not want Kitty's vest to fall off and secondly; she still had a double handed grip on my dick. She had never been this open with anything sexual in public before and I was enjoying it.
*****
I had asked the lady at the office for a campsite that was sheltered as this was Kitty's first time at a nudist resort. The woman had grinned and assigned us to campsite number 27. Lucky for me, her grin was a knowing one and not malicious. I almost missed the red numbers on the tree as we rounded a curve where the road turned to go back the other way.
I stopped just past the turn in and had Kitty get off while I backed the bike up a few yards. I was grinning from ear to ear as I watched her stand in the middle of the road shifting her hips slowly from side to side.
Seeing me looking at her, she chewed her lower lip as her hands came up to her bare breasts. She pinched and rolled her nipples as a soft whimpering moan escaped her lips. Her hands dropped to her sides and worked their way under the sides of the chaps at hip level.
"You'd better hurry up," she said suddenly as she pulled the strings that held her bikini bottom on and then took off at a run for the campsite.
I laughed and followed her on the bike, my eyes glued to the completely bare ass under those chaps. I stopped the bike, put down the kickstand, and watched as my lovely girlfriend stopped beside the concrete table and bent over it. Her ass was pointed straight at me.
The driveway into this campsite ran between two large boulders with a large live oak shading the area above. The back of the site had an enormous boulder at least twelve feet high and as wide as the site. Another large live oak and small shoulder high bushes flanked the last side. It was a very private place, almost grotto like.
Getting off the bike, I walked over behind Kitty and kissed her on her tailbone. She whimpered softly and flexed her hips back and forth expectantly. I took a moment to admire her heart shaped ass framed by black leather as I undid the buckle at the back of her waist.
I went down on one knee and unsnapped the left leg of her chaps. As I unsnapped the right leg, she groaned loudly and pushed her ass back. A second later, my tongue speared deeply into her sopping wet pussy. She gave out with a loud yell and ground her sex against my face trying to get my tongue even deeper as she came long and hard.
Even holding onto her hips tightly, I damned near got my nose broke as her hips bucked and jerked. Her pussy was hotter and wetter than I had ever seen or felt it, and that is saying something.
The bucking and jerking eased after a few moment and turned into a rhythmic flexing as she rode my tongue in her pussy and my nose bumping against her asshole. She was in a whole other world of spinning lights and shooting pleasure. The soft growling sound deep in her chest was my cue that another orgasm was building deep inside her sex.
I used one hand to try to get my shorts down off my hips but my rock hard dick was trapped in a fold in the waistband. My only options were to standup and shove them down to my knees. When I did, my dick popped up and hit Kitty between the thighs. Her reaction was to shove back, impaling herself to the hilt on my dick.
With a long deep groan of my own, I grabbed her hips again and pulled her even tighter to me, driving myself even deeper. Kitty had been down on her elbows. Now she was up on her hands, her back arched as she ground her ass against my hips. The growl was even louder as shivers ran up and down her body.
As I moved my hips back to fuck her, she stood up even more and reached back to try and stop my hips as she shook her head, "No, please, no," she got out between harsh breaths.
I moved one hand up to her stomach and the other up to a breast, standing her up even more as I held her tightly. My dick was once again planted as deep as it would go in this position. Kitty shivered and shook for a second before she took several deep breaths.
She groaned softly and shook her head as she sighed. "I.... I need.... To.... Rest," she got out a moment later.
I held her tightly and nuzzled her neck. "I can wait," I whispered as I nibbled her ear. Her inner muscles clenched and unclenched around my shaft as I did,
She shivered and then flexed her hips slowly, a whimpering moan coming to her lips. "You will have to set up camp by yourself. I will be asleep on the table," she whispered as her hips flexed slowly forward and then back.
"And the problem with that is?" I asked softly as I squeezed my ass cheeks together causing my manhood to move in her tightness.
She moaned loudly as she slowly bent back over to rest her forearms on the table. "Don't say I didn't warn you," she whispered as she moved her hips forward slowly and then jammed them back hard burying my shaft as deep as it would go again.
Not needing another hint, I spanked her ass with my hips hard and fast. She started to come almost immediately and the orgasm just grew stronger as I pounded her unmercifully. Suddenly, she threw back her head and shook it wildly as she yelled incoherently.
I hardly noticed as I was now coming as hard as she was.
*****
Kitty didn't fall asleep as she said she would but she did spent a good bit of time sprawled out on the stone bench next to the table. Every time I looked her way as I set up camp, all I could do was smile if not grin.
So started our first Nude Day weekend. One of a great many I'm very happy to say.