At the end of the previous chapter I made mention to something 'bad' on the distant horizon.
This bad thing of course, was the covid pandemic.
As 2019 ended and a new year began, little did we know what awaited us in those early months of 2020. Although, there was a strange sense of foreboding present in the air, noticed not just by myself and John but others that were close to us, family and friends.
I heard several people talk about something they couldn't explain, a strange feeling they'd had of something unpleasant about to happen, unable to say what it was or describe in detail this uneasy sensation.
I felt the same, so did my hubby.
It's odd that when events did start to unfold we temporarily forgot our premonitions, only remembering in recent times.
I'm not going to go into detail about the following two years as everyone is fully aware of what happened and there is simply nothing of interest in our journey to recount, we couldn't see our 'special' friends. England was put into a lockdown that began in march. Essential this...essential that.
I am aware that some other countries restrictions were much worse than ours. They say that traumatic times bring out the best and the worst in people, this is certainly true because I witnessed it.
The special relationship with our two close friends Eric and Josh ceased immediately, the physical aspect anyway.
We kept in touch usually by email sometimes by telephone, but this contact slowly diminished over time. The pair were scared, I could hear it in their voices when we had a rare chance to converse on the phone.
Fear is a terrible thing, and a powerful influence.
As the months ate into this extraordinary year, our contact with Eric and Josh dwindled until by early autumn we had lost communication. It's difficult to know exactly what happened to the pair.
Josh replied to our emails rather slowly and intermittently at first, but these soon dried up altogether and stopped. Despite repeated attempts to make contact, our large friend stopped replying just a few months after the first lockdown.
Eric kept in touch well into the year, regularly chatting by email and phone. He told us that Josh had lost interest seen as we were unable to meet up, and was worried about his family which is understandable.
Then suddenly around october of that year Eric went silent. We tried to get in touch but had to be careful as didn't want to arouse his wife's suspicions.
I don't like to think the worst but we just didn't know why he stopped. We have not heard from either of them since.
As there is nothing to relate during this awful pandemic period, I will fast forward the story of our journey to the early summer of 2022.
**
With restrictions on movement etc relaxing, people were beginning to enjoy 'normal' life again, and it's this normal everyday routine that led to quite an extraordinary meeting, an accidental occurrence that would lead to one of the most exciting experiences of my life.
Now 46, I had moved on from my job at the supermarket, things there were never quite the same when Rita left, also I had been looking for something more rewarding.
I was now working in child care as a nursery nurse. Babies and young children have always been one of my passions in life, we only have two children but if it were up to me we'd have twenty.
The other significant change was that we were now experiencing 'empty nest' syndrome, as our youngest son Steve had moved out several months earlier...it does take some getting used to...suddenly not having them around.
Although an odd feeling having the house to ourselves, it did provide us with more opportunity to enjoy some of that special company we craved. The experience with Eric and Josh had been truly amazing, possibly the best so far apart from Dave of course, who will always occupy a special place in my heart.
However, with restrictions only recently lifted and family issues which I won't go into soaking up all of our attention, meeting that special guy was not foremost in our minds.
The last experience we'd had several months earlier, had been pretty lite compared to what we were used to and it had been unintentional. This curious little episode involved an elderly gentleman called Leonard whom I got to know through a telephone befriending service I'd signed up to.
Set up by a local charity it basically provided the elderly and vulnerable with a friend to chat to. At the time, I joined because with our sons now living away I suppose my maternal side needed someone to take care of.
Anyway, to cut a long story short, after getting to know Len and conversing with him most evenings, our dialogue began to take on an all too familiar tone.
I was told by the seventy three year old that I had a very 'nice' voice amongst other things, and there were questions and subsequent compliments regarding my personal appearance etc...etc. Having engaged in intimate phone conversations before, I recognised where this was going and encouraged it.
It wasn't long before things progressed and by the end of the second week I was talking dirty to him.
Leonard's wife suffered with dementia and our naughty chats would take place while she was away in respite care. It was all very secretive, Len being rather concerned about my hubby finding out. I'd told him that John worked afternoons and wouldn't be home while late, when in fact he was right there in the room quietly listening to everything.
Despite being tame compared to our last experience, it was actually a huge turn on and we all got a lot of pleasure out of it.
I'd talk dirty to the old chap while he wanked himself off, and unbeknown to Len I'd be wanking hubby at the same time, often the pair would climax together...really rather kinky.
Len did remind me of an old boyfriend, Alan, being quite nervous about what we were doing but clearly very eager.
Initially I'd just talk dirty, tell him what I'd like to do to him and what I'd want from him etc, all expressed in a soft sultry tone. As Len got more comfortable with what we were doing I'd play with myself, let him hear me climax, this he especially liked.
He was not good with technology so sending him pictures of me wasn't going to work, there was no chance of us meeting as he was worried about the covid virus, so we just continued with our naughty chats.
Then one day, after Len had missed a few of our 'sessions' I got a tearful call from the poor old guy. His wife's condition had worsened and she was in a bad way in hospital. Wracked with remorse, he couldn't continue what we were doing.
I did offer to be just a friend to talk to but after the emotional conversation that was the last I heard from him, the whole affair only lasted a few weeks.
Although just a voice on the phone myself and John did find the interaction extremely arousing...sometimes less really does mean more.
And so, onto our next adventure, which started as mentioned earlier with humble beginnings, at the actual store I had worked in...a chance meeting betwen old friends that was surely meant to be.
**
"Well?...which do you want then?" The impatience in my tone is obvious as I stand in the supermarket aisle next to John holding a tray of mince in one hand, a pack of sausages in the other.
Having previously asked him twice before, he's terrible at making decisions, I'd since gotten sidetracked by sharing a cheery greeting with an old work mate who was passing by, but now got back to the burning question with a vengeance.
It's a warm sunny saturday morning and the nice weather has brought everyone out, the aisles are bustling and the extra volume of people is grating on my nerves making matters worse.
"John!...your not even looking at me...hey!"
My words fall on deaf ears as John stares into the busy aisle, a strange look of confusion on his face. Then his jaw suddenly drops and I see him silently mouthing something, I can't make it out but it looks like just one short word.
As I watch, my frustration turning to curiosity, John's confused expression turns to one of surprised recognition. Following his gaze I see a tall heavy set guy wearing shorts and a t-shirt staring back, he's walking with a slight limp and is using a walking stick in his right hand...ambling towards us out the crowd, a broad cheery grin etched on his face.
As he draws near I hear John say quietly to himself as though in a trance, "Glen?...it can't be."
Then suddenly the stranger's booming voice erupts with an enthusiastic greeting, "John!...it is you!...come here."
Without hesitation the big guy wraps his free arm around John and the two men embrace in a firm hug, something I don't think I've ever seen my hubby do before, it's usually a handshake at most...just exactly who is this stranger?
A second later they part but remain standing close as both continue the jovial verbal greeting, obviously very pleased to have met one another, and as I gather from the subsequent dialogue it has been a very long time.
Apparently, they haven't seen each other for thirty years, and from further exchanges it becomes clear that this character is my hubby's childhood friend Glen. He has nentioned him to me during conversations in the past but nothing recently.
By now, nearby shoppers have noticed this impromptu reunion and glance over their shoulders with curious expressions while selecting cheese etc.
Eventually, John's focus is disturbed by an old lady wanting something from a shelf behind the two jubilant guys. They both move out the way and in doing so John notices me standing next to our trolley, patiently watching his interaction...I've long since given up on him deciding which food, so have put both mince and sausages in with the rest of our shopping.
Turning and gesturing towards me I'm quickly introduced by an excited hubby, "This is Pippa my wife...Pip?...this is my old friend Glen...I think I told you about him?...we used to go to school together."
Extending my right hand with a cheery, "Hi." and a sweet smile brings an enthusiastic response from Glen, the big guy shaking my hand within a rather firm grip, "Hello Pippa...it's very nice to meet you...I'd like to say that John has told me all about you...but as you're aware I haven't seen him for a long time."
Glen goes on a bit longer and we exchange small talk before he lets go my hand, leaving me with a positive first impression.
Two things stand out, his piercing dark eyes which although contain warmth and kindness, also have something else present...something I'm familiar with.
The second thing being his deep but smooth voice, rich in tone and containing a quietly spoken air of authority, reminding me of an actor called Frank langella.
Glen's appearance however, leaves one with the impression that he has given up. Having an overall unkempt image, his clothing does not look clean and he has days old stubble. His hair is short and grey and although I know Glen is the same age as John he looks at least ten years older.
But despite this, the man has a certain good looking quality...rugged is perhaps the word.
After our brief exchange Glen says, "Oh...wait a minute...where's Da..."
Trailing off while quickly looking around, he's about to call out a name but abruptly stops as he realises his companion is hidden behind himself.
"There you are!" Glen moves to one side revealing a short, skinny young lad who looks very embarrassed to be here.
Standing close, Glen puts a hand on the lad's shoulder and squeezes while introducing.
"This is my nephew Danny."
Both myself and John say our hellos before John offers his hand to shake, which is ignored causing an awkward moment, instead Danny greets us with a very quiet, "Hi."
I note that during our greeting he doesn't look at neither myself nor John, in fact as we chat to his uncle over the next twenty minutes or so the youngster never makes eye contact with me.
Danny is clearly shy and his body language tells me he's also very uncomfortable about being here, either because of our interaction or perhaps the place itself.
My ex boyfriend Chris has a social phobia so I recognise the signs, but what I'm observing from Danny appears to be more than just that.
The young man is constantly looking about, as though checking for some mystery person trying to sneak up on him, and he's fidgeting with a pen, clicking the end and twirling it around between fingers.
Also, something else which stands out about Danny is when Glen reveals he's recently turned eighteen and is a student at the local college, this comes as a surprise because his slight build and short height coupled with the young man's odd behaviour give him quite a youthful appearance.
My first impression of the young man is that he is a little weird, not in a bad way but I imagine there is a lot going on in his mind, he seems distracted and doesn't attempt to join our conversation.
I do have my suspicions about what could be the cause of Danny's strange behaviour, which are later confirmed by Glen when he tells us his nephew is autistic.
After indulging in some fond childhood and adolescent memories the two friends exchange phone numbers and agree to meet up in a more appropriate setting at a later date. We say our goodbyes and the pair, who were going to the tills when we met, wander off towards the checkout area.
For the rest of our shopping time John walks around in a sort of happy daze, constantly repeating things like, "Well I don't believe it...bloody hell...thirty years eh?...incredible."
As a result of this impromptu reunion we end up forgetting a few items, John's mind clearly in shock at seeing his old friend again. And mine?...well let's just say that Glen was on my mind too.
**
Over the coming week we learn a lot about John's long lost friend, my hubby visiting him at his flat across the other side of town during the evenings.
Glen has had a rough time, a lot of bad things happening in his life. After moving away from the area more than thirty years ago, Glen worked in the construction industry down south. He married but they didn't have any children. For a while everything was rosy, the pay was good, things were great between himself and his wife, they had a nice house, car etc.
Then, twenty two years ago Glen had a bad accident at work, suffering a back injury which meant he was in hospital for a long time and had to spend several months in a wheelchair before facing lots of painful physiotherapy to be able to walk again. The cause of the accident was found to be negligence by the firm he worked for and Glen won a large compensation payout as a result.
This sum of money however, brought its own problems. Glen had been struggling with a gambling addiction most of his adult life and the payout proved too tempting. Large amounts were wagered on secret betting he kept from his spouse, but eventually she did find out and gave him an ultimatum, quit the gambling or else she would be leaving.
Glen did abstain, and for a while things were ok. But old habits die hard, and the addiction took control once more. After losing four grand in a week it was curtains for their marriage, and this is when Glen hit rock bottom.
He became depressed and even attempted suicide, which is a story all of its own. I don't want to go into detail about what happened as it's very disturbing, when people talk about attempted suicide it is usually more of a cry for help but what Glen did certainly wasn't that. Suffice to say, it is only by some miracle that he is here with us today.
Although having a profound effect on him, this incredible event in Glen's life didn't make the problems go away.
Alcohol joined his gambling addiction, and with the house sold and assets halved through the divorce, money quickly dwindled and he soon found himself with nowhere to live.
Glen spent a year living rough and sofa hopping at friends houses etc. A proud man, he eventually and reluctantly revealed his predicament to family, namely his sister whom he is very close to. She took him in and this is where he'd been living until quite recently.
Glen's sister lives just thirty miles from us and it's only by chance that we hadn't met before now.
The main reason for us bumping into each other being that after almost a year on the waiting list, Glen had finally been given a flat by the council, this being close to where we live.
Over these past few evenings, as John became reacquainted with his childhood buddy, I had been having thoughts...and indulging in fantasies...scenarios involving his friend.
It seemed obvious to me that here we had an ideal candidate with Glen, for our next special friend. However, my hubby hadn't mentioned anything to me about pursuing this. He seemed totally focused on reminiscing and subsequently oblivious to the opportunity that had presented itself.
So, after patiently waiting one more day I proceeded to give hubby a little hint, a friendly nudge to remind him of our shared fantasy.
Waiting while John was comfy on the sofa next to me one night after returning from Glen's place, he'd just finished telling me about this latest visit and what had transpired between the two. Apparently, Glen is worried about his young nephew Danny. Not only is he autistic but he does have mental health issues too, suffering from a social phobia and he self harms. He's on medication and when we saw him in the supermarket, that was part of his 'face your fears' agenda that is set by his therapist. No wonder the poor lad looked worried, having not just the busy shop to cope with but also meeting two new people, which is another challenging area for him.
Anyway, I decided to carefully introduce my idea, initially talking about how I found Glen to be quite ruggedly handsome and then going for it with a well used and familiar quote between us, "So...are you thinking what I'm thinking?"
John's reaction is one of confusion at first, turning to me and frowning, but this expression is quickly replaced with a knowing grin spreading across his face, "Ah...I see."
Grinning back, I watch as the obvious dawns upon my husband.
Sighing with happy recognition, he takes a drink before explaining why he hasn't seen what's been right in front of him.
"Sorry love...It's been such a long time...and what with all that's happened I suppose I wasn't thinking like that...Glen...you know?...he's like a brother to me...it's like finding a long lost relative...in my mind we're still kids you know?...last time I saw him we were barely out of our teens and I've been so busy catching up..."
He trails off while turning in his seat to face me, putting a hand up to the side of my face and gently stroking before moving back to my hair, running fingers through.
"...but you...you've been free from all that...I suppose the idea of you...and him...it just slipped through the net for me...but not for you eh?"
Moving in close our lips meet in a slow sensual, lingering kiss.
Breaking away John asks, "So...how long have you been feeling this way about him?"
The lascivious grin remains but I can see a more serious, deeper, growing excitement in his eyes...a welcome sight indeed...I encourage it by openly announcing my attraction to Glen.
Telling John that I'd been feeling 'this way' since we first met his friend and that I liked what I saw.
Knowing I have my husband's full attention I don't stop there, keeping up the tease for a very curious and increasingly excited hubby.
Informing him that over the past few days I'd been having some inappropriate thoughts about Glen...whilst letting my hands wander down to his trousers button and undoing...pulling down the zipper.
John glances down at what I'm doing while enquiring what these thoughts are?
Leaning forward so I'm very close, whispering into his ear with mock secrecy...provocative...dirty words.
Moving back I smile sweetly, an innocent look that's in total contrast with what I've just told him I imagined doing to his friend while he looked on.
John grins back and with a fervent stare, says simply, "I see."
By now I've gotten hold of his swelling cock, coaxed it out of the underwear and am gently wanking him, my tease gathering momentum.
John Moves in for another kiss, this time boiling over with the passion I have ignited within him, then, breaking away once more he says with beaming pride, "Oh...you are a bugger aren't you?...my little slut."
The last three words are spoken slowly and quietly as he gazes into my eyes.
Smiling innocently once more, I then bite my lower lip and allow a more serious, guilty expression to show through before confiding to John, "There is something else...I...did something the other night...while you were out visiting Glen."
My tone is quiet and the words convey mock remorse...as we indulge in this impromptu bit of role play...with myself perhaps a naughty schoolgirl confessing some forbidden act to her schoolmaster.
At this point John is almost fully erect and I have him within a firm grip gently moving my fist up and down.
He silently studies me for a moment then replies simply, "What did you do?"
Not hesitating I begin explaining myself in hurried anxious tone true to my role, "I'm sorry...I tried not to do it I did try hard but...I couldn't help it...I..."
Leaning forward again close up to John's ear, my soft breath containing hushed words.
Revealing to hubby what I'd been fantasising about the previous evening and how excited the images in my mind had made me...how...wet.
I'd gotten worked up into such a state of arousal that I needed some relief, and that is when I'd gone upstairs and taken my clothes off, laid on our bed and touched myself.
John patiently listens to my confession while I play with his stiff cock, he listens to his wife explaining how hard and noisily she climaxed as she imagined his friend fucking her on their marital bed.
After revealing everything I pull back and gaze into John's eyes, continuing within my remorseful role by adding, "I'm so sorry...I just couldn't help it." Then, without hesitation, I lower my head to his lap and taking him into my mouth.
"Mmmmmm." A long purr of approval is heard from above as my tongue wanders around John's swollen member.
"Good girl...mmmmm...it's alright I'm not angry...you did the right thing to tell me...aaah...oh yeah."
He strokes my hair while speaking softly to me.
"I...I think it's time you and my old friend became more acquainted...mmmmm...this weekend...I'll...suggest to Glen that the...oh god yeah...the three of us go out somewhere...go for a drink together...yes?"
Nodding, John then urges me up out his lap by gently pulling my hair, "That's a good girl up you come."
Now upright in my seat once more John continues, giving me explicit instructions. I'm told to go upstairs and lay on our bed like the previous evening, I am to imagine what it will be like to have Glen fuck me. I am to play with myself and not hold back vocally, he wants to hear me enjoying the fantasy.
Doing as told I'm almost out the living room door before being halted by John's voice.
"Pippa?...I'm going to be listening from the stairs...I want to imagine I've come home from work early and you don't know I'm there...so make sure I hear you call out his name as you come...that's important...understood?"
Nodding while aiming a smouldering look at my hubby I reply dutifully with a soft, "Of course my love." Before turning away and heading out the room.
Mounting the stairs, my mind in a spin with not just excitement but also satisfaction that things are back on track.
At last, after all this troubled time, we finally have a new friend to focus on...and while continuing up the stairs I get a strong feeling that it won't be long before this fantasy becomes reality.
**
The following day after our night of passion John does indeed invite Glen out for a drink, the three of us.
Although, Glen cannot make it that night as he has plans with his nephew. They are very close and regularly spend saturday night watching horror films together at Glen's flat, as Danny becomes distressed at changes to his routine it's decided we go out sunday instead.
Getting ready before a night out of this type is always a very special time. Even though we know this is just a friendly chat, the atmosphere at our house is buzzing with excitement.
John tells me that Glen is a 'boob' man so I dress accordingly, nothing too tarty but something that will reveal my ample cleavage. Some snug fitting white trousers and a pretty black top with plunging neck line to show off my assets.
We pick Glen up from his flat and head for a nice quiet pub, nothing special just somewhere we can relax and talk.
The night proves to be a big success, Glen is a very good conversationalist. There are lots of funny nostalgic stories about the guys past but I do note that Glen engages with me a lot too, he obviously finds me very interesting and not just in a social way...
As seasoned veterans myself and John can easily spot when a man is attracted to me, and Glen displays all the signs in abundance.
My choice of clothing is spot on, Glen's initial cautious glances becoming more obvious as the evening, and drinking, progresses...so much so that by the end of the night his eyes are glued to my bust!
And this leching isn't just one way, I do my fair share too. I must say that John's friend scrubs up rather well. Making sure he knows I'm enjoying what I see brings that old familiar rush of excitement deep inside. I know John has noticed our interactions and can feel it too from his little knowing glances, secret smiles between us...that first spark is always the brightest.
I feel so comfortable with Glen that at the end of our night out together I even give him a kiss on the cheek in parting, and allow a little meaningful look to pass between us...just a brief flash of my eyes that conveys my attraction...and my desire.
After this first successful night out the atmosphere between myself and John is buzzing with anticipation. Not only do we all gel together nicely but Glen's attraction to me is obvious, and the all important chemistry is evident.
Despite this jubilant mood between us there are doubts too, are we being premature? This a good question seen as we've only been together once.
However, over the coming weeks as more nights out are arranged and we spend more quality time together any doubts are dispelled.
It's clear that Glen is our ideal man. He's unattached and has been for years, no wife or girlfriend in his life, very attracted to me and eager for some female company.
Our friendship with Glen reminds me a little of how it was with my old flame Dave, in the respect that as well as our nights out as a trio the two boys do spend some time on their own without me present, this giving them a chance to discuss more 'private' subjects.
I recall that my hubby and Dave often had smutty conversations regarding their sexual experiences that John would later tell me about...thus it is with Glen too.
These private conversations between the pair are usually drink fueled occasions conducted back at Glen's flat, the alcohol doing it's job of easing inhibitions.
Glen reveals to John that he hasn't had much 'action' since the accident, although everything is in working order now, it didn't used to be.
Glen experienced impotence for a while after leaving hospital and by the time things downstairs were alright again, his wife had left.
He's had four girlfriends since living with and then near his sister, three of these were unremarkable short lived affairs, the last one more long term ended almost two years ago.
Although a perfect gentleman while in my presence he's quite the opposite when speaking to John in the privacy of his flat.
'Now we're away from the lady.' Is one of Glen's favourite openers to a vulgar chat.
From these dirty exchanges it's clear that Glen has a high libido, freely divulging to John that he masturbates daily, going on to talk about his favourite porn sites etc.
The man is clearly not shy when it comes to his intimate habits. And in return, my hubby is equally open about our bedroom activities. John reveals to his excited friend what his wife gets up to between the sheets, amongst other places.
He doesn't disclose our secret past at this stage, but does tell Glen what I like doing to him and enjoy being done to me...Glen listens intently while making the occasional shocked remark...'Never!'...'She likes that?...really?...she always looks so sweet and innocent.'...etc.
And it's not long before these smutty chats begin to take on a more serious tone as John carefully moves our plan forward.
During one such rather tipsy visit to Glen my hubby reveals how attracted I am to his old friend, and drops heavy hints and innuendo about my desire to be intimate with him. Glen, expressing surprise and great excitement soaks all this up like a sponge, his enthusiasm drawing John out and causing their sordid conversation to snowball.
While not revealing everything about our secret past John does tell Glen that I've been shared with another guy before, relating the story of my old flame Dave to his wide eyed friend.
After Glen has taken all this in and had his questions answered my hubby doesn't stop there. He goes on to describe my solo session a few weeks back in which explicit thoughts of Glen were prominent, and it's this revelation and Glen's subsequent fervent response that lead on to my husband's intimate proposal. Suggesting to his friend that, after our next night out together, instead of just dropping him off and parting company he could come back to ours for another drink...and a lot more.
Upon hearing this Glen becomes almost overwhelmed as several different emotions hit him at once.
Surprise, excitement, gratitude...they all combine to leave him momentarily speechless. John told me later that his friend was quiet for a good few seconds before snapping out of it in a flood of excitement and gush of words.
Suffice to say it's a very positive yes from Glen...which sets us on course for our next exciting encounter.
That night, I suspected something big had happened because John returned home later than usual and then when I saw the look on his face as he came into the living room...I just knew.
We exchanged a brief fervent grin before he told me everything. I knew John had been gradually introducing the idea of sharing me, but how quickly this had happened did take me by surprise.
Later, after my hubby's revelation, we go up to bed and make love...so very passionately.
It's hard to put into words how I feel while John is inside me, knowing that very soon I'll be experiencing the same with his friend for the first time.
I do try, I try to convey the excitement and overwhelming desire burning away within, but my whispered breathless words pushed into John's ear are but cheap goading.
Simple words cannot accurately describe how the eve of being shared with someone new affects me, it's a feeling that is on another level.
**
I'm not going to go into much detail about our first special night together, not that it wasn't all we'd hoped for of course, because that first time with Glen was magical and very...very fulfilling.
No, there is another reason which will soon become apparent.
On the night in question we went to our usual venue, a quiet country pub with a curious name 'the shoulder of mutton'.
On the way there, after picking Glen up, although I'm greeted and spoken to as normal by our friend I do notice a nervous tension in the air, which is not just coming from Glen. We can all feel it, but this is not unusual given the circumstances and neither is the simmering excitement that goes with it.
Knowing that Glen is aware I've touched myself while fantasising about him is very arousing and even though our night has only just begun I can feel a familiar heat between my legs...a moist heat.
Arriving at the little pub both myself and John notice our friend's admiring glances as I walk, almost as though Glen has xray vision. For beneath my Conservative exterior of mid length skirt and short sleeve blouse I'm wearing a pair of tiny white lacy panties, seemed white stockings and suspenders and on top a very pretty see through white lace bra.
After acquiring drinks and finding a quiet booth away from the bar we are seated and fall into surprisingly easy conversation, the tension easing somewhat.
It's weird because we all know what's going to happen but initially we try and behave like we're on a normal night out. However, as is usually the case alcohol eases our inhibitions and the chat soon turns flirty.
The boys do go through a giggling juvenile period full of crude remarks and innuendo which is to be expected from two old friends presented with such a scenario.
This thankfully soon passes and with John's encouragement we change seating positions so I'm cozied up next to his buddy in the booth while John sits opposite across the little table watching intently as I shyly and quietly confess to Glen about my earlier solo activities and what I had in mind while doing it.
This topic being the subject of much innuendo during the boys light-hearted period.
Despite Glen being a little tipsy by now I still manage to make him blush while whispering into his ear the more...juicy bits of the confession.
After sharing this very private information with our friend, and amid more encouragement from John, we kiss for the first time. This initial tender exploration quickly leading to a second and third, each time containing more passion as our desire takes over...all keenly observed by an excited hubby...and he's not the only one watching.
Breaking away from Glen my face and neck flushed red with excitement, I happen to notice the landlady in the background cleaning a nearby table...staring right at me! She's leaning over the table cloth in hand frozen with surprise.
Her amazement due to the fact that over these past few weeks she has become acquainted with us and knows that myself and John are a couple and Glen is our friend...
We gaze at each other for a brief moment before the boys notice I've been distracted and look to see what by. Their actions breaking the spell, she looks away grinning and shaking her head.
She collects some empty glasses and wanders back to the bar where, as we observe, the shocked but amused landlady leans in to her landlord hubby and says something in his ear prompting the guy to look over at us and also break into a grin...busted.
In the past we have been asked to leave a pub due to our lewd behavior, but this couple seem more tickled than annoyed. However, with passions aroused we decide to end the night early and head back to our place.
On the way out we do have to walk past the bar where the curious couple don't try and hide their fascination, openly paying us a lot of attention, their amusement evident in their facial expressions.
The landlady even wishes us a 'good' night as we leave, her eyes finding mine. All I can do is grin back and reply, 'Thanks...you too.'
Outside it's still light and warm, the pub garden full of folk enjoying a lovely ending to a summers day, kids playing on swings, laughter, a light-hearted scream as a young lady is goosed by her boyfriend...it's so nice to see things back to normal...in more ways than one.
Walking to the car hand in hand with Glen, John suggests his friend gets in the back with me to...keep me company on the way home.
The implication here is obvious and I experience a rush of excitement the intensity of which takes me by surprise, for although I'm already extremely aroused it has been a long time since we've done this, absence in this case making more than just the heart grow fonder...I'm slick downstairs with the most incredible sense of anticipation...I want this guy badly.
Once seated next to Glen in the back of our car I don't hesitate, going straight in for a passionate kiss, we are in firm embrace even before leaving the car park.
During the journey my desire seems to temporarily overwhelm Glen as I passionately tuck in to the object of all my recent fantasies, I have yearned for this moment for too long and now it's finally here I've lost all control.
John is to later describe my actions as akin to an 'attack' on his friend, an observation which both boys find highly amusing.
However, Glen's own pent up urges coupled with that special something I saw in his eyes when we first met...dominance...soon kick in and it's me who finds herself under attack.
Glen quickly has my blouse undone and extracts my tits from the bra, eliciting a loud gasp as he greedily gorges himself upon swollen buds. I'm pushed back into the door, Glen forcing himself upon me, a hand thrust right up my skirt, skillful experienced fingers quickly find their target causing me to moan out loud.
I can't see John but I know he's watching through the mirror, watching his friend eat my boobs...listening to his wife's desperate cries of pure lustful excitement...the sticky...slick noise of Glen's fingers working her cunt.
Soon I'm gone, brought swiftly and expertly to that special place...a silent scream...pure ecstasy.
Afterwards, when I've calmed down and caught up with my breath I show Glen how grateful I am, making sure we're in the middle of the seat so my husband can see what I'm doing to his old friend.
I'm very pleased to discover that not only is Glen uncut he's also a rather nice size and despite not having any intimacy with a woman in a long time he's not premature, managing to hold on to his load and resist the adoring attention of my tongue until we are almost back home, filling my mouth as we pull into the top of our street.
We have to wait a little while parked outside the house while a very flustered Glen calms down and regains some composure.
Then, once inside the privacy of our home, after another drink and intimate chat...I am used by both of them...over and over again.
This first time with Glen is an amazing experience, despite his back injury he is an excellent lover, easily able to bring me to climax many times. It feels so good to once again enjoy that awesome feeling of fulfilment that can only come from John watching me with another guy, this made all the more special because the other guy happens to be his childhood friend.
As mentioned earlier, I'm choosing not to go into much detail about this first and subsequent early encounters with Glen. This is because our blossoming special friendship with him is but a prelude to something far more exciting.
For you see, this part of our journey isn't just about Glen.
It's also about his young nephew... Danny.
End of chapter 23.