Sir and I are at a friend's house, at a dinner party with several of his friends. This is my first time meeting his friends. I was nervous at first, but everyone has been so friendly and I start to feel more comfortable. Sir is in a heated debate about our local football team, and I smile because he gets so passionate about it. We follow different teams. I catch his eye to say that I am going to walk out onto the balcony to get some fresh air. He nods and I head outside. It's hot in the house. I thought that it was just me because I was so nervous at first, but I'm glad I wore the halter dress Sir picked out for me. It's so beautiful outside tonight. It's been warm lately, but the air has a slight chill to it and it feels good on my skin.
Sir casually walks up behind me while I'm standing looking out over the balcony. He rubs up against me, letting me know he is hard for me. I love it when he does that. He places his arms on either side of me, hands on the ledge caging me in. He whispers in my ear to not move and I nod my understanding, but he wants to hear my words...
"Yes Sir", I say.
He then places my hands on the banister and proceeds to blindfold me. Sir tells me to be a good girl and to relax because I am safe with him...
He slowly unties the top of my halter dress and lets it fall to my waist. My breathing quickens and my nipples bead when the cool air hits my exposed breasts. He cups my breasts and nuzzle my neck. Telling me that I am gorgeous and He is so proud to show me off. He slowly moves my arms from the railing and folds them behind my back. It thrusts my breasts out, putting them on display. Then he secures my arms with something soft, but snug so I can't move them.
Sir unzips my dress and lets it fall to the ground. I'm fully exposed now. Goosebumps spreading across my skin. I'm anxious, nervous. He then instructs me to step out of my dress and helps me. I love that he is always so attentive to me. I know I am his precious Princess. As he places my dress over the railing, he turns me to look at me. I'm standing in front of him in only my heels, and now he is walking around me caressing my skin. Talking directly into my ear. Constantly telling me how sexy I look. How turned on he is because I'm such a good girl. That he can smell my arousal.
He asks where I am.
"I'm green Sir".
He tweaks my nipple and breathe into my ear, "Good girl my Princess. Do you trust me?"
"Yes Sir"
"Spread your legs apart."
He holds my arms to help steady me and I step apart. He slides his hand between my folds.
"Princess is so wet. You like this, don't you?"
"Yes Sir"
He is caressing the globes of my ass as he stands behind me. I'm facing the glass wall of house, but I can hear muffled chatter, so I know the glass doors are closed. I don't know if anyone is watching us or not. All I can do is listen to the constant praises of my Sir. Feel his hands roaming all over my body.
Sir's touches are so soft skimming my body. I lean back and into him as I feel my juices trickle down my thigh. I've never been this wet. Sir has me so aroused that I hear my pulse thundering in my ears. I feel like my heart is going to beat right out of my chest. Sir isn't talking anymore. He is just alternating between caressing my body and tweaking my nipples. My head is rolling on his shoulder now as I moan my pleasure. He slaps my pussy hard and I jump at the sudden sting. Whimpering my pleasure as Sir sucks on my neck, my ear. Biting me hard as he tweaks both nipples hard. I want to cum so badly, but I know that I am not going to be allowed. Sir is going to drag this out. I know it.
I am so engrossed in the feeling of Sir's hands on me, that I don't even realize right away that he has removed my blindfold. I am begging for Sir to let me release. Sir whispers in my ear to open my eyes. I'm rocking my head back and forth as I open my eyes to see a couple at the glass sliding door, watching me come unraveled. Sir starts to finger fuck me with his one hand and massaging my breast and nipple with the other. So many sensations at one time. I'm so overcome. Its building so hard and fast now. I'm not going to be able to stop it. I'm going to cum.
"Please Sir, please let me cum. I can't hold back any more."
"Cum Princess, cum for me now!!"
My vision blurs to darkness and all I can see are star bursts as my orgasm races through me. I scream out his name, loud. I don't care who is watching, who can hear us. My whole body shakes in his arms. Sir's holding me as I ride his fingers, grinding out my orgasm. I'm totally spent. Sir is gently removing my restraints and cradling me in his arms as we sink to the nearby chair. I'm in his lap and he is massaging my arms to help the tingling subside. He's kissing me and praising me for being such a good Princess. His Princess and he is so proud of me. He gently rises and sits me in the chair as he collects my dress and helps me back into it. That's when I notice the wet mark on his pants from when I sat on his lap. He looks down and smiles. That's when he leads me back into the house to rejoin the dinner party...