Chapter 2 - Saturday Night Stop at Spanky's
~ Introduction: This series is based on my best friend who is no longer with us. This is the continued story of Gina reverting to her high school and college days of being quite uninhabited. A little more about Gina, a wife of 22 years, who is in her mid 40's and blessed, she could easily pass for a mid 20 year old, weekly trips to the gym keeps her body looking younger than she is, she stands about 4' 10 in height. She has sparkling blue eyes and dirty blonde hair that falls between her neck and bra strap. She does the all over tan, laying out topless or naked in the back yard sunning her heavy but firm "D" boobs, they have a slight natural sag to them. Some of the stories I will tell are based on actual events and memories that took place throughout our years together, I hope you enjoy these stories, as much as I do telling you about her. If you haven't already, you need to read Chapter 1 to see how this all started. ~
After her ride to the wine store with one of her college jocks next doors, Gina had become an attention hound and I was enjoying it, watching her wearing much less clothing and much more revealing outfits.
Well Saturday night came around and they were heading to Spanky's for a drink before their dinner date downtown. She looked killer in her white tube dress she dug out of the back of her closet. Another of his favorites, because she never wore anything under it, tonight being no different, not liking the lines her lingerie always made.
The dress molds to her body showing off her ass and pushes up her boobs, white thigh highs with lace tops and five-inch white heels, still leaving her several inches shorter than her husband.
It was a bit early already; John could not get reservations until 9:15, so they had a little time to kill. Opening the car door for her he just watched knowing there was nothing under the dress and it always has a bad habit of riding up her thighs because it was so tight on her.
Getting into the car, she managed to be a little lady like, but John still got a nice flash as she spread her legs to get in and sit down. Her thigh-highs ended about three inches below the bottom of the dress, so they covered most of her short sexy legs.
On the drive over, he had his hand on her thigh above her lace tops, pushing the dress higher brushing her bare lips with his pinky finger driving her crazy. When they got to the bar, they had to park a few blocks away and walk down. John did not mind because he knew he would get to show her off to the college crowd in the downtown bar area. Her boobs jiggling a bit with each step, unsupported by the thin almost sheer dress, as her hard nipples made a visible impression.
Ever few steps she had to pull the back of the dress down to keep her ass covered, just as her lace tops started to show. "You need to stop that," he laughed at her.
The closer they got, the louder the band got until they were inside the packed college bar. It did not take long for her cougar cubs to see her and motion her over to their table in the bar, John was guessing, a few of their girlfriends were with them as well.
All the guys were giving her hugs, not sure if she even knew them all, could have been guys who had ogled her at the frat house, but who would pass up a chance to hug the hottest women in the place.
John don't know who, but someone handed her a shot of something, and she downed it without asking what it was, he was a little concerning with this college crowd but he wasn't drinking so he let it slide. Next to him, he heard one of the guys telling another "I don't see any panty lines either."
It's not long and two of the guys are dragging her to the small dance floor, these two John didn't know as well, so he keep an eye on her as they sandwich her between them. She is laughing and having a good time, so he just enjoyed the show. As she danced, her dress started to ride up showing off her thigh-high tops before she would tug it back down. John also could see the guys in the bar were all watching her as well. He was sure they were all aware of her ride with Kevin in his Jeep.
Each time she raises her arms up while dancing it pulled the dress shorter and more of her boobs out the top just a bit, but she was quick to place things back in their proper place. After two songs, they return and Gina was handed another shot, something pink in a double shot glass. These guys are acting like her husband is not even there with her, and she is eating up the attention from these young athletes.
It was not long, she and the other girls had done a few more shots of whatever, who knows! Gina was smiling, laughing and having a good time with the college crowd not paying any attention to the time any longer. John was just enjoying her being the center of attention, just as she used to be in their own college days, but now by such a younger crowd.
She was off to the dance floor this time with three other girls. But this time not paying as much attention to her dress as he watched her hem slowly expose the tops of her thigh highs again, then a hint of bare tanned thighs, as it continued to creep up unattended.
John checked his phone and realized they needed to get going, but he was enjoying the show as much as these college kids were. John kept watching her dress, thinking the people on the other side are probably getting a peek of ass cheeks about now.
The song ends and the girls head back to the bar, Gina giving her dress a little tug down, but not all the way like it should have been. John can tell she must be a bit buzzed, hot and excited, as her nipples are poking out hard against the thin dress material, with a good bit of her cleavage pushed up and showing from the top of the dress.
As soon as the girls walked up, they were all treated to another round of shots. Gina now has that 'I'm fucked up' smile on her face.' Moreover, John knows they aren't headed to dinner tonight. He wraps his arms around her, ask if she is having a good time, she just smiles, and says, "Let's go dance!"
As soon as they get out there, she turns around backing her ass into his crotch, grinding into him. As much as he enjoys showing her off, he is thinking this is the wrong thing to do right now, as he places his hands on her hips as she continues to grind into him.
She slaps his face with her long dirty blonde hair a few times then looks over her shoulder allowing him to get a kiss from her, she responds by pushing back harder with her ass. John slides his hands down her hips to her thighs feeling her thigh-high tops and a good two fingers width or more of bare skin, knowing it is getting dangerously short.
He uses his right hand in the small of her back to get her to bend forward as she is grinding, as she does, he can feel more skin being exposed, soon he can see her bare ass cheeks peeking out in front of him as the dress keeps rising as she pushes back grinding her partly bare ass into him.
John can hear the cheers, but it is like a dream as he continues watching her ass wiggle and move up and down, forcing her dress higher. He knows he should stop her but damn she has a nice ass and he loves showing it off. She keeps it up until he sees the top of her ass crack showing and then stands up and tugs the dress down a bit, half covering her ass as she turns around to kiss him.
"You fucking love that shit don't you?" she says breathing heavy, as they play with each other's tongues as they kiss. He just moans in response as she steps back and grabs his beltline and slowly backs up to bend forward again, her ass to the bar this time. He just watches her as she spreads her feet and slowly bends over more wiggling her ass towards the bar. She stands back up, kissing him again not adjusting her dress.
"You want them to see more?" she manages to get out through the liquor tasting kisses.
Wanting to grope her so bad as he slides his hands up the sides of her dress to the outsides of her covered boobs, he tells her "Spread those sexy legs and bend all you want baby!"
She takes another step bank and moves her feet apart and bends over slowly again dancing and wiggling her ass for all the college kids watching her and cheering to encourage her to show even more. It has been many years since she has been this unrestrained, as John sees the bottom edge of her dress coming up over her now bare ass. He can hear and see the people pointing, cheering and a few snapping pictures with phones as they watch her from behind.
She finally stands back up giving her dress another halfhearted tug down back over her ass, "I need a drink!" and leads him from the dance floor back to her fan club.
John following her, she almost has her ass covered by the dress, it is at an angle across her ass, so he knows the front is probably just as uncovered. When they get to the bar, she turns and kisses him again, whispers to him "That was fucking awesome, I am getting so turned on! Now order me a drink please."
He steps to the bar, looking back to see her ass still half uncovered as her fans chat her up. As soon as he gets her the drink, she turns toward him and he can see the front of her dress is at a similar angle as the back, high on one thigh to almost her lower hip on the other, her bare pussy lips a bit exposed.
The guys just look at her then at him, John just tells them "Enjoy the view!"
Two of the girls she was dancing with earlier grab her hand leading her back out to dance as she is trying to down her drink, the group watches as her partially bare ass wiggles away from them becoming even more exposed.
The three of them are dancing when the taller brunette starts grinding into Gina's body with hers as they face each other. She must have been 6' 2' plus in her heels, towering over Gina.
She is wearing tight white cut off shorts, a cropped very loose-fitting blue tank top covering firm small tits, and cowboy boots. John had noticed her earlier due to her exposed side boobs, and nipples poking through the thin top.
Just as impressive in her own right, the dark tanned Hispanic girl behind her, I think I heard someone call her Penny, had huge, I'm guessing at least "DD" tits. A white and blue plaid shirt tied closed and loose-fitting jean shorts. So loose on her apple bottom ass and hips you can see she is wearing a pink G-string under them. Not sure about a bra, but there is a bit of sway when she walks and dances.
John went to get himself a Pepsi, you know designated driver and all that, he hears a cheer and turns to see the brunette and Gina lip locked on the dance floor, with one of the girl's hands on his wife's bare ass, the other over her shoulder behind her neck. He is a bit taken aback, he had never seen her do this before, and it was extremely exciting to just watch them, Gina being twice the girl's age.
Gina appeared to be enjoying it as John watched her hands slide well up the girls back under her cropped tank top, bring the top a bit higher in the front, but not high enough.
The other girl is grinding her crotch into the brunette's hand that is on his wife's ass, as her hand was sliding up and down John's wife's sides to her partially exposed side boobs.
The music was loud and thumping through their bodies as the three of them grind together putting on a show. Gina's dress is pretty much to her waist now, and those thigh highs just increase her level of sexiness. The two college girls grope her ass, and it looks like the girl behind her is feeling her boobs as well, the crowd, mostly guys, has blocked John's view now.
After a few songs the girls exit the dance floor and return to the table with the guys. Gina is tugging her dress back down, managing this time to cover her ass.
Gina comes straight to John, wrapping her arms around him. "Holy Shit Baby! Did you see us, those two had me almost naked out there!"
"No baby, sorry I missed it, what happened?" Grinning at her, having seen most of what happened.
"That Terry girl started kissing me, I melted, and then she pulled my dress up in back and grabbed my ass!" She takes his Pepsi and drinks most of it.
John is thinking yeah, 'Your ass was already half exposed.'
Then asks, "Oh wow, and?"
"That Penny girl, the one with the big tits, she started feeling my boobs, pulled my top down and was pinching my nipples out there!"
John can feel his cock getting hard as she is describing the scene to him. "Maybe you should get them back out there and do the same to her; she does have some huge tits!" Thinking he wouldn't mind getting a peek at that young lady's breasts!
Gina asks him to get her another drink, while she adjusts her dress a little more over her ass, the top much lower at the top exposing her firm mounds almost to her nipples, one of the guys handing her another shot that she turns up. "You know we have missed our dinner reservation."
She smiles, "Do I look like I care?" John heads to the bar for her.
He can see the two girls she was dancing with, Penny and Terry, and the third petite blonde from earlier chatting together with a few of the guys also looking towards Gina. He is wondering if these college kids are up to some thing or just wishing.
He returns to the table with the drinks. A few of the guys are chatting with them, telling John how sexy his wife is, asking how old she is, wanting to know how she stays in such great shape, suggesting we come back for wet t-shirt night. John is thinking, 'They are just hoping to see more of her body, can't blame them.' Gina is just soaking up the comments and attention, giggling.
He asks them if Penny ever competes in the contests. They all laugh, "Oh yeah, she usually wins!" It piqued his interest in getting Gina to enter just so he can watch her show off alongside Penny.
He asks Gina, "What you think baby, think you would want to do that?"
She just laughs telling them "I'm too old for that kinda stuff, who would want to see and old lady like me in a wet t-shirt?" To which the guys all disagree with her, telling her they have seen plenty already and she rocks. One guy, a bit drunk, telling her he would love to see her naked. She just smiles and laughs along with John.
John grins telling them, "She does have nice tits! And her ass is killer!"
"Yeah we saw that ass, I beat you love her not wearing panties, right?" Another guy asks.
He acts surprised, "Baby, you're not wearing panties tonight?"
She just giggles, "This dress and hose are all I have on," teasing the guys drooling over her.
One of the guys asks John if he could dance with his wife, before he can answer she takes the guys hand leading him to the crowded dance floor. He is a good foot and a half taller than she is as he places his hands on her shoulders to dance. John tries to keep an eye on her, but she is slowly moved deeper into the crowd, his back to the bar now hiding her.
Dancing John catches brief views of her dress well up her hips judging by the amount of bare skin between the dress and the thigh-high tops. When they turn, he slips in behind her, Gina reaching back to pull him in tighter, it appears the top of the dress is lower, just as Penny had done earlier. The two of them grinding through only one song and into a second when John sees Gina coming off the dance floor smiling, pulling her dress back up over her boobs.
"Baby, all these kids keep trying to strip me out there!" She tells him trying to catch her breath laughing.
He laughs at her, "You seem to be enjoying it aren't you?"
She just smiles sipping her drink cutting her eyes up at them in an evil look.
He pulls her close to him in the middle of the all the people, feeling her big boobs against his chest, then he reaches down grabbing a handful of the back of her dress above her ass. Smiling down at her, he begins to bunch it up in his grip dragging the back of her dress to just above her butt crack to expose her ass to them.
He whispers to her, "Don't ask me why, it just seemed like the thing to do, I want to strip you as well you know," then leans in to kiss her, running his hands over her round bare ass.
She gets several more comments; the guys begging John, asking him to keep going by several of the drunk college guys.
He tugs her dress back down, turning her back around in his arms holding her from behind when the little blonde comes over taking her hand, "Come on Gina, lets go dance some more!"
John thinks to himself 'have to admit, she is a cutie as well,' a little younger than the other two, her wristband tells him she is under 21. She is in a little backless teal sundress with a bit of a scoop to the front neckline and way down the back of her dress, not quite enough boobs to fill it out, but her ass makes up for it. Her long tan legs complemented by the contrast of the dress color.
John watches Gina's ass wiggling again, proud to have her as his, knowing these college boys are drooling over her. As soon as they get out there, Penny and Terry join them. Penny comes up behind her, immediately reaches under her arms, and cups Gina's boobs again over the dress. Gina reaches up to cover the girls' hands with her own as Penny is trying to pull her dress top down. Her fan club sees them and starts to move around the edge of the dance floor again, John thinking, 'These girls are on a mission.'
As much as he would love to see Gina naked in this bar, John decides he had better intervene not fully trusting this drunken crowd and the amount Gina has had to drink. He makes his way around the other side of the dance floor and through the crowd of college kids dancing and watching the girls trying to strip his wife. Gina is laughing but trying to hold her dress top up, but it is raised up to her waist exposing her ass and pussy to everyone again as they cheer the three college girls on, yelling out; 'All the way', 'Strip her', 'Let's see her tits!'
By the time he gets to her, the entire dress has been pushed up under her boobs as she holds on to the top of her dress still. The tall brunette, Terry, towering over Gina finally gets her to let go of the top of her dress bringing her arms straight up over her head, as Penny is pushing the dress up her arms, exposing her hot naked body to everyone.
"Ok girls that's enough," as he pushes his way between them, pulling Gina off the dance floor pulling her dress back down below her boobs where it is all bunched up. John has to take a second to arrange his bunched up hard cock in his slack, then dress his wife properly.
Gina laughs as they make their way towards the door, the dress for the most part in place. "Oh My God, those girls were trying to pull my dress off!"
John just smiles as they exit the bar, kissing her as he pushes her against the wall just outside. He can tell she is overly excited as she kisses him back, reaching down rubbing him through his slacks. "Why did you stop them? I was about to let them have it!" she says.
That just got him more excited, almost wanting to take her back inside, breaking the kiss and leading her back to the car. Only this time she is not tugging the dress down as they walk. Halfway there, he looks down to see the bottom of her ass cheeks showing. John thinking to himself, 'This just seems even more erotic being outside on the street in public view.'
By the time they get the parking lot, half her ass is exposed. When they get to the car, he pushes her against her door and start kissing her again. He reaches down and starts working her dress up her body, not caring that they can be seen from the roadway.
She feels him starting to pull it up over her boobs and just raises her arms up allowing him to strip the dress off her. He tosses the dress on top of the car and reach for her boobs, taking a nipple into his mouth. Reaching down between her legs, she is extremely wet from the night of being exposed to and by the college kids. Slipping two fingers into her, she tells him, "If you're not going to fuck me right here and now you better stop!"
Not wanting to get arrested, he opens her door and pours her into her seat. Grabbing her dress off the roof of the car and walking around to his door getting inside and starting the car. She is laughing at him with her legs spread rubbing herself.
He just rolls down the windows in hopes of showing her off a bit more on the way home. She quickly gets on her knees, turns to face him and opens his slacks pushing them down off his hips, he helps knowing what she is about to do, she gives him head most of the way home, something she had not done in a while.
He holds her head lightly as he lets go filling her mouth, watching her take every drop, then sit up smiling at him. He has to laugh as she sits back on her legs facing him and her eyes close as she falls asleep leaning on the seat.