Monday:
When I woke the next day I looked over the large bed Sophie and I were sharing to see her resting peacefully. The sheets had pretty much come off and left her top half exposed as she slept naked. What a way to wake up.
Then I started thinking back over yesterday. After traveling for almost a whole day to get here we had gone out to end with a series of memories that would stay with me forever. She held my hand for the first time, I saw her strip naked in public, I touched her up on stage, she gave me my first blow job (And underwater!) before walking off naked into the dark making me follow wet footprints to our room where we had wild sex for several hours. This was incredible and it wasn't even the first full day of the holiday. What would today bring?
As I moved Sophie seemed to stir, she opened her eyes and smiled at me.
"Morning you....
Last night was incredible I've never never done anything so intense, it was amazing."
"I... I don't know what to say...it..." I stammered.
"Then don't say anything, it was perfect for both of us." She gently suggested.
Sophie then looked down, thoughts of last night and the rest sleep provided me, combined with seeing her naked next to me had my cock rock hard again. Sophie saw and moved over to me on all fours losing what was left of the bed sheet in the process, she then sat on me with her hips directly on mine, our sex's denied touching by the thin piece of fabric of the bed sheet covering my lower half. She rocked ever so gently and my eyes rolled as I groaned with approval.
"Looks like you could do with some help this morning." Sophie gestured as she began to rock more and more on top of me, I looked into her eyes and was then drawn down to her breasts, her perfect stomach and her smooth shaved pussy that was pressed against the material around my cock.
I went to move the bed sheet from underneath but Sophie seemed to refuse to let me as she kept rocking, her body weight was on her knees holding the sheet close to me and without picking her up I wouldn't be able to lose the sheet. The sensation was good but no where near as soft or wet as touching her directly and I longed for that again.
"Today we need to go to the beach." Sophie ordered whilst continuing to rock back and forth on me. She paused before speaking again.
"I've never even gone topless on a beach before, I wonder if I can here..Or a nude beach! Do you think they have a nude beach?!" Sophie's eyes widened and her movements grew faster and faster as what she said excited herself and me also. "You haven't seen all my swimming costumes have you?" She asked.
"No, you didn't have time to show me and said it would be a nice surprise."
"Yep! " - She giggled "Though maybe I won't show you them at all, maybe I wont need them!" She continued, still moving her hips faster and faster.
Then changing the subject slightly she continued. "I can't believe I stripped naked onstage last night. With you in front of me and hundreds watching, all those eyes on me, all those cameras. Then when you touched me it was like a wave of pure pleasure washed over me knocking me off my feet, but you where there to catch me."
In all these thoughts she was now really moving and we both seemed closer and closer to orgasm.
"Tonight I wanna do that again!... I want to be on stage with hundreds of lusting eyes on me. I want to cum with everyone watching, will you make me cum Ben?"
"Im the boss!" I again growled, semi mocking my actions of last night, with this I again felt a strong primeval wave hit me and now in control jerked her upward with my hips, she took her weight on her legs and hovered above me just long enough for me to lose the bed sheet separating us. She came back down and our naked bodies touched but before I could even penetrate her she began to slide wonderfully along the length of my shaft, she opened her mouth gesturing at being near orgasm and this drove me into a similar frenzy and we again came almost in unison. She collapsed into a heap on my body wrapping her arms around my head and kissing me. We lay for a few minutes before separating.
Afterward we both wanted to shower before we went anywhere. This time I agreed to share a shower with her. We rubbed each other down with wet soapy water and enjoyed the closeness. We kissed and touched before drying off and deciding to get dressed.
Only yesterday evening we where scared to get changed with our backs turned now we both stood completely nude in front of one another and we just shared a shower after sex. Both of us were enjoying the views of the other as we went about the apartment. It felt so free, so primitive, as though its the way we should always be.
Sophie reached into her suitcase to grab what she was going to wear today, after what she said last night about her short back and frontless dress being one of the less revealing of the clothes she brought I had to wonder what she would wear. Sophie pulled out her bag a white mini skirt that was all ruffles, it looked incredibly short and had a big black belt around the waist which seemed to be half the skirt itself. As she pulled the skirt up and over her hips she turned around, the back of the skirt rode high and would from a lower angle expose half her ass, but from eye level just looked very very short. It was a huge tease for the eye and the further back you were the more you could see, but with the more you see the more wanted to be closer which would in turn narrow the view.
She then reached and pulled out a black top, as she put it on it looked like a regular T-shirt with very short sleeves that sat on the edges of her shoulder, but the T-shirt was very short and stopped just down from her breasts leaving her mid riff totally exposed, from behind the T-shirt wasn't all there either, the back had been almost completely cut off and a big X of the same material was in its place, it was provocative and sexy without being slutty.
"What do you think?" Sophie asked teasingly.
"It's hot! What about the beach though?" I asked.
"Well we need to go to the shop to get some food for snacks and any time we are around here and want something to drink and stuff, we didn't bring much, after that we will hit the beach." Sophie explained.
Following this she again took my hand as we walked through the complex toward the small town centre nearby. We found a supermarket and started picking out things, I still couldn't get over this beauty who was with me so brazenly walking around in public in so little attire. Admittedly the weather was already scorching and many people were walking round in shorts and small tops but Sophie's outfit was just as sexy as it was practical for keeping cool.
On the way out we saw a sign for a bikini contest at the end of the week on the beach outside the bar from last night, it was shown as their main event with a 500 euro prize, entrance subject to acceptance of entrant whatever that meant. Sophie said she wanted to do it and had just the bikini, from what I was hearing and seeing I could bet she did and we both excitedly agreed she would enter.
We then passed some market stalls selling various things, one was making crochet patterns, some as dinner table matts and other things to hang and some of it was made into clothing, the lady looked at us and could see we were English before saying she would make just the thing for 10 Euros, we decided we would let her and she started to craft this white pattern into a more and more complex piece. Eventually she held it up for us and Sophie took it, she held it up and declared her love for it. It was similar to a bikini top but there was a little more to it, it had two cups each with large crochet pattern holes that got smaller and smaller as it got closer to the nipple area which was completely solid and around and inch in diameter. Then these cups tied around the back of the neck. Coming down from the cups was a small band of material made up of huge holes and this band sat above the naval, then the bottom of the band of material had a string which would tie at the back much lower down than a regular bikini top, this meant much of the side of Sophie's breasts would be exposed as well as a huge amount of the rest of her.
We got back to the apartment and she went to immediately try the top on, it was incredibly sexy leaving almost nothing to the imagination. Her breasts crept out the sides and the holes caused by the gaps in the material left a lot of breast on show, though less and less getting closer to the nipple. Plus the way it tied just meant it showed a bit more skin than a regular top and wasn't as secure as a bikini top. She said she might wear it to go out in later and again removed it along with her tiny skirt once again leaving her completely naked in the apartment.
"Ok I've got 3 swimming costumes just here, I need to pick which one I'll wear today, there's another two but I'm saving them."
She pulled out the 3 and held them up to me, I suggested rather than do that she change in the bedroom and come out wearing each one at a time. Sophie agreed and did so.
First she came out in her small white mesh bikini, it was the one she wore around the pool a few days ago and you could see through it in the right light, she turned around and showed the tiny piece of string hiding between her ass cheeks. I liked that her nipples were pretty clear to see, I could bet that it would be a real head turner.
Second she came out in another bikini, this was tiny and she said it was one of her favorites bought online, it again had a thong back and the tiniest front, if she hadn't been so eager with the waxing I'm sure pubic hair would have been on show down below as it barely covered her pussy lips. The top was just as revealing, two tiny pieces of material desperately struggled to cover as much breast as they could failing miserably leaving little more than her nipples covered.
Third she came out and I was stunned, at first when she walked in from the side I thought she was nude before I realized this was a slingshot bikini. As she faced me the narrow revealing nature of the thing presented itself fully. It sat wide on her shoulders and just formed a huge V down to her pussy leaving her sides completely exposed with a clear view of her belly button and cleavage, breast was on show both sides of the narrow material. She then turned her back and this piece of floss came out the top of her bare ass and then went up to her neck where it split back to the shoulders, the material at the back hung tightly away from her skin not touching her at all.
"So which should I wear?" She quizzed.
"Erm, wow, ok... They are hot! Are you really going to be wearing one of them down to the beach?" I questioned.
"Yep, I told you I want heads to turn. I do have a sarong to tie around my waist though to give a little extra cover."
"I think the slingshot is a must, but not the first day. And I know you have that even more revealing slingshot I can't wait to see. Why don't you go with the mesh one?" I suggested.
"Ok see through it is!" She declared.
Sophie went and put the mesh costume back on as I got some bits together for the beach, when she returned she said not to bother with most of it because she wanted to explore the beach rather than lay in the sun, so we covered each other in sun block and set off, me in just swimming shorts and sunglasses with some money and the room key in my pocket, Sophie wearing her transparent white bikini and a small pale blue sarong tied around her hips.
On the walk through the complex we could now really see what It was like, people were walking around and some lounging by the pool. Sophie's bikini got some double takes but no one seemed to mind. We kept walking and got to the seafront just a few minutes from the hotel. This was where everything was happening and lots of people were already here, we decided to walk up along the water and see how far it went and what was further up. Sophie very quickly noticed a number of topless women and she seemed to be happier about her attire with this. Lots of young women where actually wearing less than her, this was a first for the holiday!
There were lots of water sports happening in the sea, boats had water-skiers further out while windsurfing was also happening in the distance. Nearer the water there were pedalos with slides on the back, you took them out to were you wanted and then had your own water slide into the ocean. We decided it would be fun to do this and went over to the edge where the guy was renting out the pedalos. He had a good look at Sophie before telling us we had an hour and sending us on our way. Sophie and I liked the look of a nearby island that stuck out the water with rocks and things on the side, it looked like not many people went over that way and it could be a fun secluded area for us. After what seemed like a lifetime of peddling we got a good point and we agreed to stop and enjoy the water. It was much deeper here and would be much cooler than the water next to the sand. Sophie untied her sarong and left it on the chair of the boat where I left my sunglasses and money, we both jumped in and started splashing around. After a little bit of swimming and splashing water at each other Sophie said it would be much more fun skinny dipping and immediately removed her top.
"Shall I go down the slide naked?" She teased.
"Go for it!" I replied and she swam toward the boat climbing the ladder up the slide. As she stood there she untied her bikini bottoms and put them on the edge of the steps with her top. She climbed the rest of the ladder and stood at the top of the slide pretending to survey the water around her. People further away wouldn't probably be able to tell she was nude and if they could we were so far away no one could care very much.
Sophie then slid down and into the water and I saw the boat rock causing her bikini to fall into the water, when she re surfaced Sophie giggled and started to swim my way. I said to look behind as her bikini had fallen in and she turned around to see it wasn't on the edge of the boat anymore, we both swam nearer the boat hoping to see it floating on the surface but it was no where to be seen.
"It can't have just vanished?!" Sophie panicked "Has it sunk?"
"I don't know, but its not here is it?' I replied more calmly.
"Its alright for you, I might not have anything to wear!"
"It should be floating around I'm sure we will see it soon. And earlier you loved the idea of being nude at the beach." I stated.
Sophie wasn't too happy but soon started to lighten up a bit. We started swimming again and going up and down the slide, we had a little look around the island but there didn't seem any place to climb up, we kept looking for the bikini but eventually our hour was almost up and we would need to leave without Sophie's bikini.
"It will be ok Sophie just put your sarong around you, lots of people are topless it won't seem that different" I suggested.
"Yeah I know and thats not so bad here but what about back at the apartments!"
"I'll go get you a towel or some clothes if you like?" I offered.
"No no you aren't leaving me here for a second wearing only this" Sophie instructed as she tied her sarong around her waist. It was quite short and rode up one side, it sat low on her hips and if you looked closely it was clear there was nothing underneath, the material was light and quite transparent.
As we approached the shore Sophie began to get a little nervous, the idea of being topless in public turned her on, so did the reality but it was still a scary prospect and one she couldn't even avoid if she had wanted too now.
As we got off the boat the man who took our money looked very happy to see us, Sophie in particular. As we got off the boat she had to step over the edge of the boat and her sarong lifted up giving a clear view of her shaved self. She pulled her sarong back into place and winked at the boatman as we wandered back to the beach.
I took hold of her hand as we playfully wandered along the beach and back toward the apartment complex, we had been at the beach a few hours in total and fancied trying the pool.
As we left the beach Sophie was nervous about walking back through the complex, but realizing she had no choice so she put a brave face on it. If it wasn't a big deal to her then it was going to draw less attention than if she was nervous or paranoid. On the beach no one seemed to mind or pay much attention to Sophie being topless and so she didn't mind at all, we hoped this would all continue as we headed inside the apartment complex.
As we got to the central area there were a lot of people by the pool, a lot of faces turned as they saw us seeing Sophie was completely topless, we heard comments about her being brave and a few young men saying things like "Oh shit! -look at her!" Even a little boy shouted to his Mum broadcasting to anyone who hadn't noticed. "Look Mummy that woman's showing her boobies!" Meaning all heads turned to her. Sophie acknowledged the attention and just smiled at the people around the pool.
"Hey, you want to join us in some pool volleyball?" A voice called out. A group of young men and women roughly our age where playing volleyball at one end of the pool.
"Let me just put something more appropriate on and we will come back to you" Sophie replied.
"What's more appropriate than what you have on now? It's all the same you're gonna be in the pool anyway." The voice responded. I kind of liked his thinking though was a little angry at his blatant attempt to see Sophie nude. "What are your names? Where are you staying?" He added.
"I'm Ben and this is Sophie, nice to meet you."
"Oh its a real pleasure to meet you both." He said as he looked only at Sophie and her breasts. "So you going to join us?"
"Sure ok, it'll be fun." Sophie replied as she walked nearer the edge. As she walked down the steps into the water she turned to me, "This sarong isn't going to stay on in the water, I need to get changed!"
"Well just get deep enough and take it off, no one will know" I suggested.
"But I'll be naked in front of all these people!" - Sophie replied
"Yeah but with the water around you it will be less obvious than now, just like the jacuzzi at the party you will love being naked in front of lots of people without them knowing."
"Yeah true" Sophie whispered, "But it feels really funny."
As we waded in Sophie untied her sarong and left it on the edge where I put our money and room key. We were going to be on the same team with Mark the guy who initially called out and his friend Liz, we would be up against Jason, Luke and Eleanor. It was uneven but as we hadn't yet played they wanted to break us in gently.
"Hey Sophie come stand here near me." Mark called out, I could see what he was up to and didn't like it, but knowing however much he might try it would lead nowhere and that made me very happy inside. He could do and say all he wanted but at the end of it all she was going to be sleeping with me.
"So, thats a nice bikini Sophie where'd you get it?" Mark asked
"Thanks do you like it? I've had it all my life it fits very well." Sophie joked.
"No really, do you always walk around topless?" He probed further, everyone listening in, Luke bashing the ball around his hands partly eager to start but partly eager to know the answer.
"No, Ben and I were out on the pedalos in the sea and I took it off, it fell in the ocean then no matter where we looked we couldn't find it. I liked that bikini too!" Sophie explained.
"Wait you lost the whole Bikini? Are you?....Shit your naked under there aren't you? Damn girl you are hot!!" Mark boomed. "Let me look at you." he continued. She turned so he could see her up front, a great view of her breasts but he struggled to see underwater, it wasn't clear it was just skin under there. "Man I wish I had some goggles! - Hey Sophie....would you mind just going over to my towel over there and passing me my sunglasses?..." He jokingly asked, hoping she actually would.
"No no you can get them yourself, now are we playing or what?" Sophie responded.
We started to play and it wasn't easy moving around in the water but we could jump a lot more than playing on land as the water would hold us high longer, the ball bounced around a lot and Sophie was at the net with Mark, with myself and Liz at the back. The ball would often go high and Mark kept telling Sophie to jump higher, it was clear what they where now trying to do... Two things really. Get her breasts bouncing as much as possible and to get her to jump so high she exposed what she was hiding under the water. She wasn't falling for this. We played quite well but after losing the first game Sophie and I wanted to stop. Mark and the others were keen for us to stick around the pool with them but Sophie was keen to put some clothes on if no one else was going to take anything off.
"Now thats and idea!" Luke approvingly said, "Liz, Eleanor take off your tops!"
Both girls where very pretty, young and fit, they had good bodies and I don't think any of us guys would have minded seeing more of them.
"No way, we aren't as brave as Sophie we would need to be very drunk to do that!" Eleanor replied.
"Ok where's the bar?!" Mark shouted keen to now get the girls drunk!
"I tell you what, lets all meet at the complex bar tonight at 8 and get some drinks then see where the evening takes us?" Luke suggested. It turned out Liz and Eleanor only met these boys this morning and they both shared an apartment. Mark, Jason and Luke had one in another area. Sophie and I started to go to the edge of the pool and she grabbed her sarong and started to tie it back up whilst underwater.
"Oh come on!" Jason screamed. "After all that at least let us see!"
"Boys you got to see quite enough for now, plus look at this wet see through thing clinging to me like a second skin, there isn't much left.." Sophie responded as we stepped out the pool, she then turned back around and lifted the bottom of her sarong to show her ass. "Theres a little extra!"
"But we want to know if the carpet matches the drapes!" Jason called back! "PLEASE!"
"Theres no carpet boys its a laminate floor!" Sophie retorted,
causing faces of shock and wonder in the boys followed by high fives all around. I shook my head and smiled before I took hold of Sophie's hand as we walked back to our apartment.
It was only mid afternoon but after the day of traveling and other bits we both felt quite tired so decided to go to sleep. Sophie walked into the apartment straight to the bedroom and just fell on the bed before untying her sarong and turning over. I followed and just lay next to her, both falling asleep almost instantly.
When we awoke it was nearly 6 and we needed to get ready for the evening, pick out what to wear and go get some food before we met the others in the complex bar.
Sophie was clearly eager to continue the tease and seemed to enjoy the idea of winding up 3 boys who unlike me weren't ever going to get any.
"Ok Ben I've two ideas of what to wear tonight, one is this black skirt/top combo and the other is this dress."
The skirt combo was actually really amazing, it looked like it covered more than it actually did. The skirt was around 6 inches long so it was very short and was a straight fabric that would fit snug up against the legs, but it had a slit that was probably 5.8 inches long leaving the thinest strip of material around the waistband holding it up. It was very short and as she walked Sophie's whole left leg was exposed, from behind you could see the line of her ass cheeks but everything important remained covered.
Then the top had a similar band of material that went all the way around the top of her breasts, at the front it had some material fall down from it which created a kind of loop. It plunged leaving a gap between her breast that went almost all the way down to the skirt showing her stomach too. This was very flimsy and simply lifting the material would expose her breasts, it had nothing on the side and back other than the thing strip going all around. it was stunning!
The dress was very sexy, it was a bright pink plastic like material thats stretched very tightly across the skin, the bottom half had a pretty short skirt element and then these ties came up from the skirt that looped around Sophie's body a couple of times before tying behind her head. Over her breasts it had some material to cover up and though a lot of cleavage and stomach was exposed it looked like it held her in much better, I thought this might be the better option but Sophie was feeling the combo more so went with that.
We went and found another place to eat and after a nice dinner headed over to the complex bar where everyone else had already found some seats, the group called out to us and we went over and joined.
"Damn Sophie even with clothes on you look hot!" Mark blurted out.
"Hi Ben you look nice too." Eleanor kindly said, realizing a lot of the reason I was there was simply the boys desire to see more of Sophie. In her getting so much attention maybe they felt left out and would wind the boys up by giving me attention too.
We got some drinks and sat down and started to chat, we talked of where we came from and what we did or at least hoped to do, how long we'd been on the resort and when we were leaving etc. The boys had been here a week and the girls a couple of days, we had only arrived last night of course and would leave after the others.
"Well it's our last night tomorrow so if you have anything to share we'd best all share it while we can!" Luke announced. We all raised our glasses and agreed.
"Can we go back to that bar Ben or at least find one similar?" Sophie asked me in front of the others. "They will love it and I know we will have more fun!"
"What bar is this?" Liz asked.
"It's down there I didn't even see the name it just had more people in than any of the others and had a wet T shirt contest when we arrived." Sophie answered.
"Did you enter?!" Jason excitedly asked.
"No we didn't but we played the game afterward, that was fun." Sophie giggled. "It was musical chairs, but strip musical chairs, when you didn't get to a chair you had to lose a layer of clothing."
"Wow that sounds great how did we miss that!" Mark shouted. "So what happened?"
Eleanor cut in. "We were there last night, we couldn't see much at the back but the crowd went nuts at that game, there was a girl who managed to keep her dress on longer than anyone else so they sort of made her lose and when she went to take her dress off it turned out she wasn't wearing anything underneath!"
"Yeah and her boyfriend then fingered her on stage before they ran off!" Liz added.
"Did you see all this?" Luke asked us.
"Er yeah you could say that." I replied.
"NO WAY! IT WAS YOU TWO!!" Eleanor shrieked! "It was! It was you two!!"
Sophie and I both blushed and laughed.
On that note we all stood and decided to go to that bar again and see what was happening.
When we arrived there weren't as many people as the night before and nothing was happening on stage, we got some drinks and stood chatting a while before the guy with mic got up on stage and said that in 15 minutes they would be starting the nightly wet T shirt contest and any entrants should make there way forward. The boys instantly shouted for all the girls to enter, none of which seemed too happy at the idea, including Sophie. They started to ask each other and Sophie was now the driving force, "Look I'll do it but you girls need to come on with me, it'll be fun! Wear as much or as little as you like its ok!" After a lot of arm twisting from the boys and Sophie, Eleanor and Liz agreed all 3 would enter. There was 150 Euro cash prize for whoever won, 100 Euro bar tab for second place and 50 Euro bar tab for third, the boys shouted the girls would get all 3 between them. And having seen yesterdays contestants they may well do that!
The girls went off to get ready and I was left making awkward conversation with the boys who'd just as soon not have me around. They wanted to know what Sophie was like in bed and what other exciting stuff we'd done. I was reluctant to say anything and just laughed along at there suggestions.
Suddenly the lights on stage came on and a big spotlight appeared for the man with the Mic, just like last night he spoke in French then again in English, not seeming to realize very few people in the crowd actually spoke French, but being in France we of course allowed this.
"Good evening welcome to Michaels, I am Michael (I laughed realizing the mic guy was actually called Mike!) and we will now have our nightly wet T shirt contest followed by some other games! Make sure you get your drinks you don't want to miss this! Tonight we have some lovely ladies who can't wait to get wet!"
His French accent irritated me but he had the crowd in a frenzy before they had even seen any of the girls. It interested me how, though it was mainly men doing all the shouting there where a lot of women in the crowd all equally interested.
"Ok this is how it works, each girl will come out by themselves for 30 seconds and get wet before going off stage again, then after every girl has been out using your cheering as a gauge will we eliminate 2 girls each round, there will be 3 rounds and on the final round...ANYTHING GOES!"
The crowd roared with approval and the atmosphere was electric as everyone waited for the first girl.
"Each of the 8 young women has been handed a T-shirt that they must wear over their naked breasts. What else they wear and how they wrap the T-shirt is entirely up to them. They can remove as little or as much as they would like to in each round and we will see what happens!" Michael explained.
The boys and I had quite a good view but we tried to push our way nearer to the stage, we had got quite close when the girls left us so we had a decent view but it was packed and we were being pushed around like cattle.
Suddenly the crowd erupted in noise as the first girl came to the stage, she was wearing the t shirt quite baggy and had only her panties underneath. When the water started pouring the T-shirt clung to her body and you could immediately see her nipples, she was quite attractive and danced around a bit before the next girl came out.
After a couple of really drunk, not very nice looking girls danced around finally it was showtime and Liz came out to a big pop, especially from Mark, Jason and Luke. She had kept her skirt on but had torn the t shirt and tied it so it was smaller on her frame, leaving her belly exposed and the sides of the T-shirt had now gone, the water poured and she squealed at the cold water exposing her hard nipples to the applauding crowd! Next out was Eleanor who was just in her Bikini Bottoms, she too had torn the Shirt in various ways clearly removing half the shirt from the waist as it now only covered her breasts. When the cold water hit this looked good and she danced around to a jubilant crowd.
Next up where a couple more girls who like Eleanor had ripped the shirt at the waistline, but then turned the bottom half of the T-shirt into a kind of skirt or sarong over their panties. These girls were both better looking than the first 3 and all the girls tonight where better looking than the final 4 we saw last night.
There had now been 7 of 8 people so it had to be Sophie next and my heart was beating out my chest once again at the thought of what she might be wearing and what she will do! She couldn't wear the skirt or top under her T shirt and she had nothing else!
"This girl was here last night and brought the house down playing strip musical chairs, she disappeared and we hoped to see her again and here she is!! - Sexy Sophie!!" Michael announced to the crowd.
Sophie came out to the biggest applause yet wearing a makeshift skirt tied at both sides leaving a small loop of material to hang down from her hips over her shaved pussy. When she took a step you could pretty much see straight up it, it was the shortest thing she had ever worn. Her makeshift top was the rest of the t-shirt but tied between her breasts. She started to dance to the music as the water poured and the crowd went wild.
Following Sophie's show the other girls came back to the stage and Michael would stand next to each girl in turn calling their name, as the crowd cheered for each it was clear who needed to go and the 2nd and 3rd girls left the stage a little embarrassed.
In the next round each girl came out and did much the same, however some of the girls in the middle removed their t-shirt skirts and teased at pulling their T-shirts off, but never actually did. Eleanor and Liz got big pops but I thought they might struggle as they just weren't teasing enough, it didn't seem likely they would remove any clothing but when Liz decided to remove her skirt the crowd went wild and she clearly liked it, it was difficult to say what would happen.
Sophie came out a second time and started teasing with her top, she untied it and held it in place over her boobs with her hands continually threatening to pull it wide but never quite doing it. She would take big steps letting people get good glimpses of what lay downstairs so the fans knew she was nude underneath, she never left it long enough for anyone to really get a good view though and this tease had to guarantee her a spot in the last 4.
The voting again cleared the way and two of the unknown girls left the stage to a good cheer, the loudest cheer by far was going to Sophie and it looked likely she would win.
For the final round all four girls would be on stage together for around 2 minutes, the music started and almost immediately the girl I didn't know the name of ripped off her top to a huge cheer.
The crowd much like last night was shouting "OFF, OFF, OFF, OFF!" and Liz and Eleanor danced together pulling at each others tops, they leaned in and gave each other a kiss, not to be outdone the other girl jumped forward and bounced around like a lunatic pulling at her panties gesturing to take them off. The crowd loved this but behind her Sophie was standing and as she had turned her back she lifted her arm in the air and stood delicately on one foot lifting her other leg straight out in front, bending it at the knee in what I think is known as the Crane position. As she stood with her arms raised all could see she had taken her T-shirt off and was standing topless - this then prompted Liz and Eleanor to pull harder and harder ripping each others tops, but both were embarrassed and covered their breasts with their hands. The other girl started pulling her panties down. She had quite a bush down there and it didn't appeal to me at all, but a lot of the guys nearby seemed to approve and the crowd loved it until Sophie turned around still in her karate kid position. As she turned she lowered her arms slowly down to her side and looked at her makeshift skirt then looking up again, she yanked on it and the crowd went ballistic still screaming "OFF, OFF, OFF, OFF, OFF!"
She then took a few steps forward and started to untie the knot holding her skirt in place. Her eyes scanned the crowd and her eyes eventually found mine, she looked me in the eye and licked her lips slowly and then violently raised her hands taking the remaining T-shirt with them and then throwing it towards me, I reached out but someone else grabbed it as she began to pose like a model, nude on stage with camera after camera taking pictures of her beautiful naked body. Eleanor and Liz had resigned to watching and the other girl soon realized she wasn't going to win, but clearly wanted second place!
Eventually the music stopped and Michael on the microphone came back onto the stage to find the winner, Liz and Eleanor both stood in their panties holding their breasts as water dripped from their blonde and brown hair. Sophie and the other girl stood naked, Sophie holding a pose with her weight on one leg and hand on hip giving it a real catwalk attitude. The other girl couldn't seem to stop just jumping up and down waving her arms trying to incite any reaction from the crowd. What could have been sexy just became quite desperate. Michael didn't even wait for the crowd and announced results as he saw fit.
"In third place, a joint position, Liz and her good friend Eleanor!! Well done here is your 50 euro bar tab.''
The boys went nuts thinking they could make the most of this but soon realized 50 Euros between 7 of us would only get a couple of drinks each.
"In second place, she wanted it so bad, winning a 100 bar tab its Christie!" Michael announced and the crowd cheered well in response.
"Meaning our winner, naked for a second evening in a row is of course SEXY SOPHIE!!"
The crowd went wild as the girls left the stage, Sophie went to leave but Michael stopped her.
"Sophie you win 150 Euros well done. But last night you had a Mr boyfriend where is he? You came right here on stage and we think you should cum again!
The crowd went ballistic and hands started pushing me really quite violently, suddenly Mark, Luke and Jason had picked me up and lifted me onto the stage.
Sophie looked at me and smiled, she mouthed at me "DO IT." And those watching saw this and cheered, I walked up to her and she turned and hugged me, talking into my ear over the noise.
"I want you to finger me here and now in front of all these people, I want strangers to masturbate over this thought for years to come and I want photos and videos of me to circle the internet somewhere so others can see you make me cum like I've never cum before!"
I looked her in the eye and thought about saying it, but I didn't need to say it I just gave an intense gaze and narrowed my eyes slightly letting her know I was the boss. With this I grabbed her hard by the shoulders and turned her around to face the crowd, I held her tightly from behind with one arm around her face and neck the other moving further and further south until I could feel the soft skin where her pubic hair had once been. She opened her legs slightly as flashes of light blinded us both, the noise was deafening. Sophie leaned back into me resting her ass on my cock , she raised one hand up and grabbed my head pulling it close to her shoulder, I now looked down and could see her breasts and body in the foreground with hundreds of faces looking up at us intently in the background. I put my fingers near her mouth and she moved her face to start sucking them, my other hand moved to her pussy lips and started finding there way in, making small circles causing her whole body to wriggle and move in an effort to make it even more pleasurable. She held one arm out to the crowd while her other continued to hold my head close to her, I then whispered in her ear.
"Can you see all these eyes looking at you? You're naked on stage and they love it, my fingers penetrate and stimulate you with them all watching and they are filming it, they want to see you cum and it will make them cum. They're all watching you wriggle, suck and moan, groan for them! Groan for me!!"
Sophie made loud approving noises, she continued to move and wriggle desperately trying to cum, her orgasm was close, her free hand became tense and would open and close into a fist gesturing how close she was.
"They're all looking at you, your smooth naked body. Mark and Luke and Jason want you to cum.. They're watching you, they're all watching you cum.
Scream here and now in front of all these people! Wriggle that naked body and scream to all these people!"
"GGGMhmh....OH!..OH!!....OOHHHHHHH!!!!!!" Sophie screamed and groaned so loud. Everyone went silent for a moment as she lost balance and she fell into me before the noise started up again. We took a step back and exited the stage much like before to the back area. The other girls had since left and I could see her skirt and top hanging in the corner. I went to get it but she looked up at me and still catching her breath and whispered to leave it.
My face showed my bemusement and she said. "They've all seen me anyway, what difference does it make now?" There was an element of truth in this, but being a naked girl in a crowded bar was asking for trouble as well as stray hands.
"Just let's go out and see the others then I will put it back on."
Sophie walked back out into the crowd still completely naked, concerned I followed with her outfit and took her hand. Mark, Luke and Jason all stood jaws dropped as Sophie walked toward them.
"OH shit! You guys are so fucking hot!" Where's your dress Sophie? Did you really just cum on stage? YOU'RE STILL NAKED! I THINK I LOVE YOU!.... Ben did you really just make her orgasm up there with everyone watching?" Mark bombarded us with statements and questions, we smiled and laughed.
"Sophie that was hot I can't believe you came like that I don't think I've ever had an orgasm like the one you seemed to have up there, what was he doing to you?!" Eleanor asked Sophie.
"He's got magic hands and knows how to talk dirty, it was immense." Sophie answered.
"Ben if you want to service us the way you did her feel free!" Liz stated.
I was quite taken back by that statement, I'm not sure they truthfully meant that but it was good to hear and the boys looked on in envy! Sophie in the meantime was struggling, there where a lot of hands reaching out to grab her and a lot of people keen to take pictures with or of her. She was getting uncomfortable and asked if we could leave, everyone agreed and we headed for the door as another game began on stage.
As we got out of the doors Sophie took her outfit from me and started to put it back on.
"That was insane, you guys are like.... I don't even know what but I want a piece!" Jason stated.
"Thanks...." Sophie, now fully dressed (so to speak) took my hand again and we started to walk off with the others following somewhere behind. She leaned into me and hugged my arm expressing how she enjoyed the evenings events.
When we got back to the apartment complex the guys asked what was next but the girls said something I agreed with about being tired and wanting to just go back to their apartment. I wasn't really tired the events had really got me worked up and the sleep earlier helped but I just fancied relaxing a bit. The boys tried to talk us round but went back to the complex bar as the girls, Sophie and I walked off.
"Thank goodness we got rid of them." Liz exclaimed. "All they wanna do is talk about women and fuck them! Plus we won that bar tab, like they're getting any of that! That will keep us going the rest of our holiday! Well they aren't getting anything from us acting like that! Where do you go to get a boyfriend like Ben, Sophie?"
"Erm, well...technically he's not my...well neither of us have asked the other but..." She turned to me "Are you my boyfriend?"
"Sophie you've been my girl for a while now this last few days have just confirmed it."
"Aw how sweet, we will leave you two lovebirds to it. Maybe see you around the pool tomorrow?" Liz asked.
"Sure thing, have a good night, bye." Sophie and I replied.
Sophie then turned to me. "Take me to bed Ben I owe you one."
When we got to the apartment Sophie turned and started undoing her top letting it fall to the floor.
"You really know how to get me going. That was the most intense orgasm ever and after the two yesterday I didn't think we could top that. I owe you, so come with me.."
Now removing her skirt she walked toward the bedroom as I started to remove my shirt then my trousers. I got to the door and she was now naked, laying waiting for me.
"I'm taking control now so lay down and I'm going to get ready." Sophie instructed.
I lay on the bed as she went to her bag and pulled out a silk scarf. She moved over to me and kissed me before tying the scarf around my head over my eyes. I could hear rustling and movement, she was putting some clothes on and I was curious what but just as I was about to peek I heard her. "AH ah ah, no peaking!" And with that she took another scarf and tied up one of my wrists, then the other and placed my tied up hands over my head. I took the instruction realizing letting her dominate me would be more pleasurable in its infinitely teasing way.
I felt her hand on my chest caress my skin as she moved down grabbing the top of my boxer shorts and pulling them down and off. I then felt her hands over my legs going further and further up until she tickled small circles in the soft bit of flesh on my inner thighs. She continued doing this and started to kiss and lick my stomach getting closer and closer to my waistline but quite deliberately not touching my cock at all, letting all this tension build and build with a desire to fuck her more and more. After a while she changed her attention to my neck and lips, I lay flat on the bed with her standing beside it out of my reach or feel. I longed to have her sit on me and move like she had that same morning.
She then took her fingers and pulled the scarf that was covering my eyes off. She smiled at me as I took in what she was wearing. It was a very short strapless dress, it was an orange color but a bit closer to tan, and it was full of holes. You could see straight through every bit of it, there was flesh on show everywhere because of these big eye shaped slits all over the material. You could see breast and pussy but the way it all stretched out meant that although you could see all this you couldn't quite see anything as clearly as you would want too.
She stood at the end of the bed eyes locked on mine and started to climb on to the bed, on all fours she moved over me bringing her face nearer and nearer to mine, but stopping just before I could reach her. She hovered there with parts of her legs and arms touching me as she held her position. This tingling worked me up even more and I really started to squirm, she liked this and then sat up on her knees giving me an awesome up close view of what she was wearing.
"Do you like my dress? Its full of holes, you can see my nipples through it, you can see between my legs, you can see everything. Do you like it?"
"Mmmhhhmmm" I moaned with approval still wriggling to try and get any kind of touch that would ease the thumping erection I had that was so near yet so far from her.
"Do you think I should wear this dress out in public? I wouldn't wear anything underneath so everyone would be able to see me... "
With her thoughts arousing us both she slowly lowered her hips, as she did this her legs widened causing the dress to ride up, it clung to her thighs so she pulled the hemline over her ass easing the pressure and giving me a sublime view as her pussy just faintly touched me. I groaned with pleasure as she very slowly started to move her soft wet pussy backward and forward along the length of my pulsing cock.
I started to roll my eyes and my head moved from left to right as I struggled with the pure pleasure my body was now feeling. My arms came down from above my head and rested on my chest.
Sophie still moving her hips started to learn further and further back resting on her arms, she tilted her head back with her hair near my feet, in this position we struggled to touch so with one hand she took hold of my cock and placed it at the entrance to her pussy, then in a huge move she learned all the way forward taking me all the way in. Her head now touching mine, she kissed me and started to grind her hips back and forth quicker and quicker. She continued to bounce and move back and forth, up and down, side to side. The whole thing was a sexual whirlwind of ecstasy. Then she suddenly stopped. I yearned for her to continue and tried to move my hips to continue but she didn't move at all.
"I bet your about ready to cum aren't you?... I bet your even more desperate for it now?..."
With that she got up and removed the dress and the scarf tying my hands together.
"Give me a pillow" she demanded and placed it halfway down the bed, she then lay over the pillow with it underneath her stomach raising her ass in the air. "Give me another one" She placed it in the same place and it arched her even higher. "Now come around the back, look at my pussy still waiting for you and finish me off."
I got up and moved across the bed, her ass raised up just enough to make access easy, I moved my cock to her entrance but liked the look of the crack in her ass. I placed my cock resting in it and leaned forward. Her soft ass cheeks felt amazing on my hips, my cock was surrounded in soft smooth flesh, I started to move back and forth. I loved this sensation but after a while wanted to be back inside her so I moved back and then re entered her eager pussy. She groaned into the bed as I penetrated her, this muffled noise spurred me on even more and I found from this position I could go deeper than before and the feeling of her soft ass against me was a delight. Every thrust caused her to groan like she never had before. All I could hear where these loud muffled cries of "YES! YES! YES! OOOHHHH!" Into the bed. with my back and forth motions I had my hands resting on her hips and with one of her hands Sophie reached back and grabbed my arm, pulling me down onto of her, as she did this I lost all sense of timing and composure and the now out of control sensations forced me to cum long and hard into her. She screamed once again as I did and I moaned in approval. For a moment I lay on top of her until she pulled the cushions out from under her, this lowered her ass and made it more comfortable for both of us to lay there. We stayed for a moment getting our breath back.
'Thats my favorite position." She whispered.
"That was incredible" I acknowledged, "The whole thing was but the way you felt from behind was something else."
"Im glad you liked it. For a moment I thought you might try the back door?.."
"Woah no, that didn't cross my mind at all, I'm still getting used to using the front door it's only been a few times!" I shockingly replied.
"Ah well the back door is open for you if you ever want it.."