I would like to tell you a story that recently happened to me. I am a forty eight year old man who for quite a while now has had a great interest in exhibitionism. I have had a few opportunities In the past, but I would like to share this experience.
I usually spend my Sundays getting up early and working in my yard, and afterwards driving to get myself a newspaper and then enjoying the rest of the day relaxing. I usually drive up to one of those people that sit in front of a local business and sale their papers. You drive up and they bring you a paper. So, I drove to my normal spot, and I find the normal man that sells the papers has been replaced by someone new.
Now I normally drive up in just my shorts I have been working in and no shirt, and today was no different. I drove up to where the new person was sitting, and found a very beautiful, young black woman. Upon seeing me, she grabbed a paper and walked to my car. As she stood and walked to my car I got a view of her young firm body. Her long braids fell over her shoulders, and she was dressed in shorts and a top that showed her stomach. I immediately felt a stirring in my shorts.
I was almost speechless as she handed me a paper, but I was able to ask her about the regular man that sold the papers, and she told me that she had taken his place. "Oh, ok," I said, and took the paper and handed her the money.
"By the way I'm Alex, and I normally come and buy a paper every Sunday," I told her.
"I'm Susan," she said with a smile. I couldn't help but notice her eyes checking my shirtless body out. About that time another car drove up, and she said goodbye. As I drove away I watch her in my mirror. I looked forward to the next Sunday, which didn't come soon enough.
The following Sunday I followed my normal routine, and headed out to get my paper. This time I decided to remove my underwear, and just wear my shorts, and no shirt. I drove up, and there she was.
"HI, Alex," she said remembering my name.
"Hi, Susan," I replied.
She was wearing a pair of shorts and a bikini top this week, and as she walked toward me I watched her breast bounce with each step. She got to the car, and gave me my paper and I paid her. We started a little small talk, as my eyes took in her body. Her breast strained against the top, and my eyes trailed down to her stomach, to her belly button just above her shorts.
"So what do you do other than sale papers on Sunday?"
Susan explained she was attending college, and this was just extra income.
"Are you just starting college?" I asked.
"Yes," she said. "I'm nineteen and trying to make it on my own."
Nineteen, I thought to myself, and took in more of her body. I felt myself getting very hard, and when I looked back up into her eyes I found her taking in my body, and her eyes landed on the bulge in my shorts.
"Do you always go out in just your shorts," she asked me.
"Just on Sundays," I answered. "I usually do some work in the yard and then come here. So I don't bother putting on a shirt."
"Well you look like you are in great shape," she said, and then another car drove up.
"Got to go," she said. "See you next week."
This went on for a couple of weeks. We had our small talk, and a little flirting. I got to the point when I drove up I was already hard.
I decided to take it a little further with her this week. After I got in my car I slipped my shorts off and drove nude to get my paper. When I pulled in Susan was selling a paper to the person in the car in front of me. She waved at me, and I waved back. I watched as she finished up. She was in her shorts and bikini top. She seemed to have a different color top each week. Looking at her I got rock hard, and my cock was standing straight up.
I started to get nervous, thinking that she might scream, or that I might ruin this relationship that might be starting. I thought about our age difference, and thought might think I was some kind of pervert. The car drove off in front of me, and she waved me forward as she turned to go get another paper. I stayed still for a moment, but there was no turning back now. I pulled forward.
I watched as she walked to the car, and she handed the paper to me through the window. I handed her the money, which she put in her pocket. She leaned forward and put her arms on the window opening of my car, and began to speak, but stopped. Her eyes landed right on my rock hard cock, and her mouth opened a little. She looked at me, and then back at my cock.
"You drove up here completely nude to see me," she said.
"I did," I answered.
"How big is it," she asked.
"It is between eight and nine inches. Just depends how excited I am."
"You look really excited," she said smiling.
Just looking at her my cock started to throb and twitch.
"Do I excite you that much," she asked.
"Yes you do I," I answered.
A drop of pre-cum formed, and she saw it.
"So what are you going to do with that thing? Looks like it needs some relieve."
"You are right." I looked around to see if anyone else was around.
Susan reached in and took my cock in her hand. "Wow, it is so hard." She slowly began stroking me. As she stroked me, I ran my hand up her arm to her shoulder, and down to her right breast. It was so firm when I touched it, but that was as far as I got. Her touch sent me over the edge, and I exploded all over my chest and stomach and her hand.
"Nice," she said.
Another car pulled up behind me, and she stood up straight looking at me as she licked my cum off of her hand.
"See you next week," she said.
The next week came, and she was sitting in her chair as I drove up. I was nude again, and she smiled when she saw me drive up. I thought I was cum right away when she stood up. This week along with her bikini top, she also wore the bottoms, and there was very little left to the imagination. She walked to the car and looked in.
"Good," she said, when she saw me nude and hard. She walked around to the passenger said and got in. She instructed me to pull around to the back of the building, which I did.
"What about your papers," I asked.
"They will okay," she assured me.
When we got to the back of the building she smiled, and said "what do you think of me? I have seen you now I think you should see me." She reached around and untied her top, and let her breast out. They were perfect. Her brown skin was beautiful, and her nipples were about just over the size of quarters, and they were hard. She then reached down and slipped off her bottoms, and lay back against the door opening her legs to me. She was shaved and her lips glistened for me to touch, and I did. I ran my thumb up and down her wet slit, and she moaned.
"We don't have a lot of time," she whispered. She climbed over onto my lap, and grabbed my cock and slid it inside of her wetness. She slowly lowered herself until I was buried inside of her. My hands roamed her body bringing her breast to my mouth, sucking her hard nipples. She began to move up and down on me. As I sucker her breast I reached around and grabbed her ass, and we started moving faster. She started cumming right away. She pulled my mouth to hers and we kissed deeply. That was all for me and I came deep inside of her. She pumped me up and down draining me until I slid out of her.
She got off of me and lay back in the passenger seat. She lay there for a moment breathing hard. She was so beautiful laying there. Here pussy was wide open before me.
"I got to get back, but we aren't finished. I get done at five."
She put her bikini back on, and I drove her back around to the front. There was no one waiting, and she kissed me hard and got out. I watched her walk back to her chair and slide on a pair of shorts.
"I'll be back at five" I said.
She smiled and waved as I drove away.