It was a few days before the girls got together on Sunday afternoon to go shopping for clothes. By this time Becks had had her hair cut and styled and she had gone to a store that sold cosmetics and had learned from the cosmetician what she needed and how to apply it for every day use as well as for a more dramatic application more appropriate for a night out.
She wore the more dramatic look on Sunday. When she went over to Rags' house to go shopping (they were going to take Rags' car) Rags met her wearing a low-rise micro miniskirt and a long sleeved crop top that tied under her breasts. She wore this with a good push-up bra and left all the buttons unbuttoned. Her long earrings matched her navel jewelry. She was wearing a pair of pink platform fuck-me heels that matched her skirt. She was chewing gum just to look sassy.
Phil went along with them. Rags was looking daringly sexy already and Becks would be looking that way, too, by the end of the trip. Phil would go along for security, and would also take bags of items they had purchased back to the car to lock them in the trunk rather than carry more and more bags around with them.
They started off at a lingerie shop and bought Becks some good bras that also revealed a fair amount of tit flesh, and matching thong panties. She bought a garter belt and a pair of stockings as well as two pair of stay-up stockings.
Then they went to a store that catered more to the youth market and bought a couple of mid-thigh stretch pencil skirts, a couple of stretch micro miniskirts and a couple of pleated micro miniskirts. They also bought a couple of crop tops, a tank top, a couple of fitted blouses, two tube tops, a couple of stretch short sleeved T-shirts, a very low-cut sweater and two pair of stretch skinny jeans. They also found her a wide belt that cinched in her waist and a longer belt that would rest across her hips.
Once they had purchased the items Becks went to a fitting room and put on a pair of thong panties, a push-up bra, a stretch micro miniskirt and a short sleeved, low U necked crop top.
This outfit almost demanded that they go to a shoe store and buy a pair or two of high heeled shoes. One pair was in black with a high spiked heel and an ankle strap. The other one was an acrylic platform shoe with a high but slightly chunky heel in back. She wore these for the rest of their shopping.
They then went to a sporting goods store where they got a couple pair of yoga pants: one of them came all the way up to her waist the other was low-rise. Then they bought t pair of beach volleyball shorts that revealed much of her ass.
Finally, on the way home they stopped at an adult store where they bought her a pair of red thigh high platform boots. She had just acquired a credit card with a low introductory rate, and put her purchases on the card. She had calculated how much she could safely put on that card and get it paid off before the rate increased. For some of the items where she bought two that were pretty much the same style, just different colors -- like the micro miniskirts -- Rags chipped in and bought the second one. With Rags' help Becks came in just under budget.
She wanted to get a pair of Daisy Dukes yet, too, but Rags asked her if she had an old pair of jeans sitting around the house. When Becks declared that she did but that they were too tight and that is why she stopped wearing them, Rags suggested that they might be perfect for cutting the legs off and making a pair of Daisy Dukes.
On the way home, Phil stopped at a sports bar that featured attractive waitresses in skimpy outfits and where they could buy a bite to eat from a limited menu of good food. Phil wanted to do this to give the girls opportunity to show off in front of an appreciative audience, and so that he could be seen with them, one on each arm. He walked them in the front door but walked them all the way to the back to be seated. All along the way the girls heard compliments, some of them quite nice, a good many of them quite crude, but the girls knew that they were looking hot. Their waitress looked at Rags' tits with envy because her augmentations were so large and very successful. On their way out, the manager came up to the girls and offered them each an application for a job.
When Becks saw the starting pay, she said to the manager and to Rags, "I'm going to have to give this some serious consideration." She would have her credit card paid off in a fraction of the time that she had calculated.
By the time the car was unloaded, Jeff was at the house. He had eaten a light supper. He took one look at his sister and was amazed at what he saw. When Becks saw him staring at her she said, "Meet the new me! How do you like her?"
"I love her," he said. "You look hot." She showed him some of the other items she had purchased and then told him about the job offer.
"The pay's a lot better than my current job and I get to look sexy, too," she said.
"Now that Jeff''s here are we ready to continue where we left off the last time we were together?" asked Rags, as she put an arm around Jeff and drew him in for a kiss.
"Absolutely," he replied. They moved to a couch. Phil had put on some soft music and pulled Becks to the sofa at the other end of the room. The two couples started making out. Rags did not have to go to work. They had plenty of time. They continued to kiss and explore each other's bodies. As they progressed, clothing came off. They went after each other's erogenous zones. Eventually Rags was giving head to Jeff and Phil was eating Becks' pussy. Shortly thereafter both couples were fucking. Being in the same room seemed to keep the two couples moving forward at about the same pace. Both Rags and Phil had communicated to their partner that they were giving their partner the lead, so that Jeff would tell Rags if he wanted to move to a different position and Becks would tell Phil when she wanted to try something new.
It was obvious that Jeff had worked on edging himself and had gained some control over how soon he would ejaculate. It was also obvious that he was trying to be more attuned to giving Rags pleasure. As a result their coupling was more prolonged and more satisfying for both of them. This time Rags had a chance to cum before Jeff filled her with his first load. Shortly after that Becks had her second orgasm -- her third one if you count the time that Phil got her off when he was eating her. When Phil was ready to cum he thrust himself deep inside Becks and fired volley after volley into her. They were so powerful that she could feel them hitting her inner walls.
When both couples had cum and relaxed a little bit, they took a short break. Phil then inquired, "Are you still ready to try anal?"
When they both said that they were, each person took the time to clean themselves out and lube themselves up. Phil and Rags had given the siblings booklets and videos on anal sex and had given each one a cleansing kit and plenty of lube. During the time between their last time together and this one the siblings were also to use the butt plugs they had been given to learn to relax their sphincters and stretch them a little.
Now they came together again. The men got on their hands and knees, the girls behind them wearing strap-ons with medium sized realistic looking cocks in them. Attached to them were also ball sacks. When the girls had come into the room they had looked very sexy wearing high heels, having bare tits and these realistic looking cocks at full erection protruding proudly from their groins. The two guys got hard seeing that.
Then they got on their knees, Rags behind Jeff and Becks behind Phil. The girls had lube with them and lubed up their cocks and then Rags talked Becks through the procedure as the two girls slowly began to insert their well lubed cocks into the guys' well lubed asses. They took their time penetrating the guys and added more lube as they penetrated deeper until they were both all the way in.
Once the cocks were fully inserted the guys encouraged them to start fucking, because they could feel the cock stimulating their prostate and it felt good. The guys put their chests down so that they were resting on the mat and so that their arms and hands were free. They began playing with their cocks as they were being fucked. Soon, with this kind of stimulation each guy shot his load.
While the girls did get a little stimulation out of this exercise from the back of the phallus pushing against their clits, neither girl came. After the guys came the girls pulled out. It was going to take a little while for the guys to recharge, so the girls gave their strap-ons to the guys who thoroughly cleaned them up (both strap-ons had been fitted with a rubber). The girls took the time to lube up their asses.
When the guys returned the girls used their hands and mouths to bring them back to life. The guys moved behind the girls who were on their hands and knees and lubed up their cocks. Phil entered Becks and talked Jeff into entering Rags. When the guys were fully in and the girls were ready, the guys started fucking the girls. The girls also dropped down to their shoulders so that they had a free hand to play with their pussies and clits. This new sensation quickly made them cum.
"Now, if you're not too tender we can try fucking you in your ass in the missionary position. How are you doing?" asked Phil.
Both girls were willing to go a little longer. They moved to their backs. The guys helped the girls put pillows under their asses. They put more lube on the girls' asses and then on their cocks. Then they had the girls lift their legs up until the guys could grab those legs, spread them and push them way back. They had the girls help aim their cocks to re-enter their ass holes and started fucking again.
Both girls, but especially Rags with her huge tits, looked especially slutty when the guys lifted up their torso to take in the scene. Their tits were moving with every thrust and an inviting pussy was staring them in the face even while their cocks were still fucking their asses. It looked so wanton -- so dirty. The girls played with their clitties and soon came again. This caused their rectums to clamp down on the guys' cocks and they, too, came, shooting their loads up their partner's ass.
That was it for the night. The four of them cleaned up, got dressed and moved to the kitchen table. "I think that now you have all the experience you need to be comfortable with any person you choose to date whether they are experienced or not," said Phil. "Keep in mind, you will always receive the greatest pleasure from the experience if your goal actually is to give your partner the greatest pleasure. It's not intuitive, but that's the way it works. Selfish sex usually fails to give either partner pleasure.
"From now on, when we get together it will be more like a date and either one of us can initiate that date. Maybe you'll find that the college is sponsoring a concert and you would like us to go together, me with Becks and Rags with Jeff, dressed for the theme of the concert, but looking hot for one another. Then we'd come back here and fuck."
Rags continued, "I know that some night when you are free, we want to try a double penetration or a modified air-tight where Phil and Jeff fill my two holes and my mouth is eating out Becks. And if Becks would like to try that we would do that for Becks, too.
"And because you are trying to pay your way through college, Rags and I will try to cover the expenses, sometimes even paying for some sexy clothes for you so that we look really hot when we go out.
"But do not feel that you owe it to us to limit your sexual activity to us. Our time together started out because you were feeling left behind and inexperienced and because of that you were afraid to date. That shouldn't be a problem for you any more. Remember to practice safe sex and have fun."
With that there was a little bit of small talk before they called it a night and the two siblings went home.
Usually once or twice a week Rags and Mel got together for some girl time. It would usually be on a day when Rags did not have to go to work at night so did not require a full day's sleep. She would go over to Mel's while Will was taking a nap. Sometimes Lori would show up to join them. They would usually spend a little time trying on and modeling a slutty outfit or two. Before they got together they would have spent quite a bit of time on their hair and makeup. But the greatest amount of time was spent in sexually pleasuring one another. While they had strap-ons and toys, they got and gave one another the most pleasure using their mouths, hands, rubbing their tits together and grinding their pussies on one another.
It was at the close of one of these pleasure filled afternoons that Mel told Rags about a "Battle of the Bands" concert and dance that was going to be held at a neighboring fairgrounds on a Sunday night. It had to be a Sunday because the Fairgrounds was booked every Friday and Saturday and most Sundays during the summer. A radio station was sponsoring this night. Mel found out about it because Pashburn Motors was asked to help support it. For their help they had received complimentary tickets. Unfortunately Glen and Mel would not be able to go because there was a big family get together on Glen's mother's side of the family and Glen, Mel and Will would have to be at the family gathering. If Phil and Rags could use the tickets, they were welcome to them.
Rags was glad to hear about the Battle of the Bands because this was the type of gathering that she and Phil loved to attend. They gladly took the tickets. It was an opportunity to dress seductively for one another but also to be exhibitionists in front of others. They would have loved to go with Mel and Glen, but even without them, if Rags did not have to work that night, they would go by themselves.
When Rags got home she looked at her work calendar and that Sunday she did not have to work, so she brought up the concert at the supper table with Phil. Rags mentioned that Glen and Mel would not be able to attend, but Phil was still eager to go with Rags. As Rags started to think out loud about what she would wear she suddenly interrupted herself by saying, "Maybe we should invite Jeff and Becks from next door." Soon Rags was on the phone with Jeff, asking him and his sister to come over to the house when it would be convenient -- just give a call before they come, in case Rags and Phil would be in the middle of something important.
Jeff was still working in the morning through early afternoon at a fast food place. Becks was taking two classes at the community college during the day and was working some afternoons and evenings at the sports bar and was working tonight. He'd have to get back to Rags.
The next night Becks did not have to work. While Rags did, the siblings could come over to the house after supper and they could talk until Rags had to get ready for work. When the siblings came over to the house, Rags told them about the concert and asked Becks whether she had to work that night. Becks had brought her purse which contained her calendar. After consulting it, she found she did not have to work. Would they like to go to the concert with Phil and Rags? They certainly would.
They talked about it some more and decided they would do a little role playing. Becks would go as a sugar baby to Phil's sugar daddy. Jeff would be a cub to Rags' cougar. This could be sexy fun.
As it got closer to the time of the concert, Becks was hearing things around school that a lot of students were planning on going and many were planning on wearing outlandish costumes as many do to a rave. There was talk of many people planning on bringing in drugs and alcohol.
As Becks shared this information with Rags and Phil, Rags and Phil made it clear that they were going to stay clear of that stuff. At one point Phil said, "You're not having fun if you can't remember it the next morning."
Rags countered with, "We want the evening to be foreplay so that we can come back here and fuck like bunnies."
As the day of the concert drew closer Rags and Becks got together again and talked about what they would wear. They did not wear matching outfits, but there were some similarities.
Both girls wore cowboy boots. Both girls wore high waist daisy dukes, but Rags' leg openings were cut much higher than Becks'. Becks showed a couple of inches of the bottom of her ass, Rags showed well over half of her ass. Underneath the shorts both girls wore a high waist thong. On top Rags wore a bustier made of red stretch satin overlaid with black lace. Her thong panties matched. The bustier was very low cut and showed off the tops of her massive tits. When she danced it was not uncommon for her to have a wardrobe malfunction that caused her nipples to be fully exposed. Becks wore an almost sheer navy blue thong with a matching 3/4 cup bra. In good light, one could see the cleft of her pussy lips and her areolas and nipples. Over the bra Becks wore a yellow lycra spandex tee shirt styled crop top. They both wore long earrings and dramatic makeup.
Phil decided to be a man slut. He, too wore cut off jean shorts -- cut right at the crotch. He had to wear thong underwear underneath it to keep his cock from hanging out of a leg hole. A good bulge was clearly visible in the front of his shorts. On top he wore a dress shirt unbuttoned. He wore a pair of cowboy boots and a cowboy hat. Jeff wore his pair of really low rise skin tight jeans -- commando, and a tee shirt. On the night of the concert the siblings felt they had to wear normal street clothes out of their house and over to Phil and Rags', and then changed at Phil and Rags'.
They took Rags' car to the fairgrounds. Phil drove. Becks sat in the seat next to him. Unfortunately they were bucket seats, so the two of them could not get as intimate as they would have liked. However Rags and Jeff started making out in the back seat before the car was at the end of the street.
They got to the fairgrounds and parked the car. They paid the full fee for everything in order to get into the parking area. They got out of the car and headed toward the grandstand. They saw huge lines of people waiting to use the restrooms. They had driven quite a ways and could have used the restrooms themselves. Seeing the line, Phil said, "You ready to do something sexy?"
Becks let out a rather hesitant, "Sure."
"Let's go back to the car," said Phil. By now the parking attendants had parked cars on both sides of Phil and the people had left. Phil opened the passenger door and stood in front of the open door. Then, as he stood with his back to the open door he had the other three stand opposite him blocking any view of people who might be behind their car. He opened his shorts, pulled out his cock, faced the car next to him and took a leak, pissing off to the left of where he was standing. When he was done, it was Jeff's turn. Then he had Becks take off her shorts and thong to squat down and pee. When she was done he helped her stand up with her legs spread and move a step forward, past her pee. He knelt down in front of her and licked her pussy, cleaning up her last drops. Becks put on her thong and shorts and it was Rags' turn. She moved so that she was not in the same spot that Becks used, squatted down and peed. When she stood up, Phil offered to let Jeff lick her pussy but Jeff was not so sure, so Phil licked Rags' pussy, too. She got dressed and they went to the grandstand.
There were quite a few people seated in the grandstand, but there was a large area between where the stage was set up and the grandstand. This area was for those who wished to dance. The area was packed with people. Both guys had brought along a backpack with bottles of water for hydration. The dancing was sexually charged. Many girls were dressed provocatively. Both guys and girls danced to visually tease each other -- their partners and other people around them. People were groping one another and grinding against each other.
Couples were holding on to one another tightly and kissing intimately. Everywhere you looked girls were fondling guys asses and cocks and guys were playing with girls' tits, asses and pussies. It was almost out of control. Law enforcement -- what there was of it -- was busy trying to keep the use of alcohol and drugs under control. So the dancing was as much an orgy as it was dancing.
Rags and Becks, being dressed more revealing than most were getting plenty of attention. The group of four went back to the car for a potty break -- using the drivers' side door this time. It was after the potty break that Rags took off her shorts so that she was just wearing her boots, thong, bustier and hat. By now law enforcement had all they could to do handle alcohol and drug related incidents, so Rags' tits were out of her top almost as much as they were in it.
While they were walking back to the grandstand, Becks started talking to Phil. "I spotted a guy I've had a crush on since sixth grade. And we've been friends since sixth grade, too. We both go to the community college and we see one another every once in a while and talk -- like friends. Ever since he started dating, I always wished he would ask me out -- until a couple of years ago. Then I was afraid that he would ask me out and he would find out that I knew nothing about sex and he'd laugh at me.
"You see, he always has eyes for the really hot looking girls. And because he's a hot looking guy, they date him. But then, after a while he dumps them. He's told me he dumps them because they are too stuck on themselves. He can't have a conversation with them unless it is about them.
"So, if you don't mind, when we go back out there to dance, I'd like us to move closer to him in the hopes that he'll notice me. That he'll notice that I've changed from looking like I don't care about sex at all to looking like someone he'd like to fuck. I don't mean any disrespect to you, after all you invited me here and I love being here with you and I'm looking forward to fucking later tonight, but part of you teaching me how to fuck was so that I could feel more comfortable dating someone my own age."
"Lead the way," said Phil. "You're right. Rags and I would be abusing you if we only wanted to have sex with you for ourselves. You wanted to learn so that you would be comfortable dating others. So go for it."
The four of them agreed that they would stay another hour and then would meet back at the car. Becks led Phil to the dance area where she had last seen the guy she was interested in. He was still there and Phil and Becks got very close to him and started dancing. Phil could see that Becks had gotten his attention. They were trying to speak to one another but that was impossible over the volume of the music. After about ten minutes there were a lull in the music. Becks turned to Phil and said, "Phil, I'd like to introduce you to Carl, we've been friends since sixth grade. Carl, this is Phil. He and his wife are our next door neighbors. When they heard about this concert they invited my brother and I and we have been having fun role playing like his wife is a cougar and my brother is her cub, and Phil here is my sugar daddy and I am his sugar baby. It's been sexy and fun. Are you here with somebody?"
"Yeah," Carl said, "I'm here with Colleen, but you know her. She found another hot guy and is showing herself off to him. I think he's the third one this evening. She'll be back. But I'm the lucky one. You're really looking hot tonight. I'd almost have to say you seem almost out of character."
"It was Phil's wife who woke me up to the fact that if I dressed like I didn't like sex, guys would think that I didn't like sex and would treat me accordingly. The fact is, I am a very sexual person, and so I have started to dress consistent with the real me. Do you like it?"
"I love it," said Carl.
The band was getting ready to play again. She asked, "With Colleen showing off to some other guy, would you like to see a little more of this body?"
He looked at her in disbelief. She took off her daisy dukes. The band started playing. Phil put her daisy dukes in his back pack. The three of them danced together. She moved like an exotic dancer so he could feast his eyes on her. The two guys would sandwich her between them sometimes so that she was facing Carl, feeling his cock and balls through his jeans. Phil would be working his hardon on her ass and playing with her tits from behind. Carl would be playing with her pussy. Then she would turn around and Carl would rub his cock against her ass and feel her tits while she played with Phil and he fingered her pussy.
It was getting toward the end of the hour and Colleen showed up. She was livid as though Becks had stolen her man. When she saw Becks was only wearing a thong on her bottom, Colleen took off the skirt she was wearing and pulled up her panties into the crack of her ass. It wasn't the same thing.
And with that, Becks carefully took off her top -- making sure that she did not catch her earrings. She was now dancing for Carl in her matching bra and pantie set. Phil put her top in his backpack, but kept the backpack off and took off his shirt so he was just wearing his little pair of low-rise cutoffs. Because Phil and Rags worked out regularly, Phil had a well defined chest and a flat abdomen.
Colleen looked at his body and moved toward him. Phil was not sure what to do. He looked at Becks. She mouthed to him, "Go for it."
He did. He reached down, put one hand inside her panties from the front, the other hand on her ass from the back and picked her up. She instinctively put her legs around his waist. He started French kissing her as his fingers played with her pussy and ass hole.
Eventually, she pulled her head back and said, "Baby, you can fuck me right here, right now!"
"I think we might get in trouble," said Phil. "But if you're nice to Becks, maybe she'll give you my phone number and you can give me a call." He put her down and turned her so that her back was against him. He put his hands on her tits and played with them as he kissed her neck. When she resist, he unbuttoned and unzipped his shorts, then took Colleen's right hand and put it inside his thong. Then he played with her tits with one hand, reached down to play with her pussy with the other and kissed her neck until she turned her head to start French kissing him again. All this happened in the context of a crowd of people engaged in frenetic orgiastic dancing.
Meanwhile Rags was dancing with Jeff. Her ass was exposed because she was just wearing a thong on the bottom. At the same time, when she would lift her hands above her head while dancing, often one or both nipples would be exposed. She looked very sexy as she fondled her own titties, tucking them back into the top of her bustier. After about the first 45 minutes, she had taught Jeff, who was significantly taller than her, to dance up behind her and to reach around to tuck her tits into her top.
During a break in the music, a couple of his friends came up to Jeff to say to him, "I didn't expect to see you here."
Jeff replied in kind and then asked, "Who did you come with?"
They named the two girls from their graduated high school class that they had brought to the Battle of the Bands, and mentioned that right now the girls were standing in line to use the rest room. They looked at Rags, whom Jeff had his arm around and before they had a chance to ask, Jeff said, "I came with Rags, here. Rags is the neighborhood MILF who is always horny and wanting to fuck. I just happen to be her horny 18 year old next door neighbor who is more than willing to give her what she wants."
Rags had never seen this side of Jeff and loved it. She thought he might feel uncomfortable in front of his friends being with an older woman, but he seemed to be very comfortable with her being his date. And it was obvious that the two friends wished that they were in Jeff's boots.
Rags turned to Jeff. "Should we give them a little taste of what you're getting?" she asked Jeff. When he nodded, she went up to one friend, pulled out her tits, then pulled him tight to her and told him to put his hands on her ass. She pulled his face down into her cleavage and let him fondle her ass for a little while, She gave him a short kiss on the top of his head to let him know his time was up and went to the other guy and let him do the same. After she dismissed them she said, "Sweet dreams."
They had set 11:00 as time for them to go. After all, this was just foreplay for what was to come when they got back home. They moved to the car. The guys put their backpacks in the trunk. The girls removed their tops and the men their shirts. Rags and Jeff got in the back seat and started making out. Becks sat up front with Phil and could not be as intimate what with the console between the bucket seats. So when they got home Rags had the luxury of taking Jeff right to the master bedroom where they continued by giving one another orgasms orally and then moving on to fucking.
Phil and Becks retired to the back yard to a double wide lounge chair where they kissed, fondled, played with and caressed one another until they were both in need of release. In their kissing and playing, Becks revealed how naughty and sexy it was to be having sex out in the open in the back yard right next to her parents' house when her parents were home.
So Phil turned on a dim light, which would theoretically make it possible for her parents to see her fucking if they looked out Jeff's bedroom window, and Phil then returned to her to play with her tits and eat out her pussy. After she had cum, she took Phil in her mouth to fluff him and lubricate him, and they fucked on the fully open lounge chair.
As Becks got more fully worked up, she wanted to become more vocal, but knew that she couldn't because she did not want her parents to hear (what if they were sitting out in their back yard just on the other side of the fence?) so they went into the house to the guest bedroom where they proceeded without inhibitions.
Jeff had to get up early to go to work and had brought clothing over to Phil and Rags' to go right to work from there. Becks did not go home until after her parents had left for work. Both siblings had left their doors to their rooms closed and hoped that their parents had not checked up on them. If their parents questioned them they were ready to tell them that they got in late and slept at the neighbors rather than waking up their parents in the wee hours of the morning.
But this became an eye opening event for Rags and Phil. Up until now, Rags and Phil had only swung with Mel and Glen and in the same room. This time they had been in different rooms and as they talked about it, swinging in different rooms felt somewhat liberating.
Over the next couple of nights, beginning with supper and ending when Rags had to get ready for work, they talked about swinging separately. They were not sure that this would be a good idea with Mel and Glen. It might open up a relationship between Mel and Phil that went beyond fuck buddies and became more emotional. They considered that the same could happen with Glen and Rags.
But the siblings were different. They were different generations. They might make for good fuck buddies, but Rags did not see herself leaving Phil for a college student nor could Phil picture himself leaving Rags for a college student. So if some summer afternoon Rags was feeling especially horny and Jeff had just come home from work, it might be fun to seduce him and fuck his brains out before Phil came home. And the same applied to Phil some night that Rags was gone to work. If Phil was especially horny maybe it would be fun to stop up at the sports bar where Becks worked and flirt with her as much as was allowed so that when she came home from work she would be horny as shit and want to fuck her neighbor into oblivion before going to sleep that night.
The next night they invited Jeff and Becks over to their house and explained their new outlook on having sex with their neighbors. They went on to explain that the flip side of the coin was also in play. If Rags was at work and Becks was feeling horny, she should feel free to come over and seduce Phil, and if Jeff was feeling horny at a time when Phil was not home, he should feel free to seduce Rags into fucking him.
For the first two weeks or so this almost became too much of a good thing, but eventually things slowed down so that Rags and Jeff would get together only one or two times a week and Phil and Becks about the same. In addition, about once a month the four of them would get together at a day and time when both girls would be able to prepare themselves beforehand, and both girls would experience a double penetration.
All this activity sparked a renewed interest in the art of seduction and creative lovemaking for Phil and Rags. It was like Phil wanted to make sure that he would not be out-performed by an eighteen year old. And Rags wanted to make sure that she was more seductive than a young twenty year old. On the other hand, the siblings wanted to rock the worlds of Phil and Rags and didn't want to receive pity fucks from their very sexy neighbors. Out came the books and videos on sexual positions and techniques. Everyone was always looking for creative ways to dress seductively. And all parties tried to think of erotic scenarios and venues where they could be stimulated and stimulate one another.
A few weeks into this and the day after a double date with Glen and Mel, Rags brought up the topic. "Are we still okay with this -- fucking other people?"
"Quite frankly, I've enjoyed it and I enjoy you being more seductive and getting your fill of strange cock. You seem to enjoy it, and I enjoy hearing you tell me about it. Of course it's even better when I can watch you, but I know that's not always possible. Why? Is something bothering you about what we're doing?" asked Phil.
"No, you're reading me right. I do enjoy seducing and fucking other men -- Glen and Jeff. I asked because I'm thinking I would like to seduce and fuck another guy. Would that bother you?" asked Rags.
"It would only bother me if you fell in love with the guy and left me for him. That would be devastating," said Phil.
"I understand," said Rags. "But so far I really am able to separate the physical pleasure of fucking from being in love and having a committed marital relationship with you. What you and I have is more than fucking. I do not expect that from anyone else and I don't experience it with anyone else."
"So did you bring it up just to discuss the concept of seducing and fucking somebody else, or did you have somebody in mind?" asked Phil.