Tuesday evening 5:35 PM...
After letting the McKellen twins drive her home Piper Cherry had Dakota who drove half way park on the curb in front of their home. Once they got out Piper resumed her position behind her wheel and pulled toward her driveway...her thoughts could now be solely on her own days events...for a few minutes longer that is.
"Jesus Christ! Why did I let those numbskulls strip me naked in Detention? Now I'm gonna wanna do it all the time. Knowing it can be done safely that might not be all that bad. We'll have to see how trustworthy they all are. I guess I'll know here in a bit if any of the cheerleaders bring it up or act differently toward me." Piper mused as she turned into her home in the housing division of Hooters Crossing on Epicenter Court.
Spotting her nephew Mace washing his Dodge Ram pickup truck in her driveway she honked to warn him of her readiness to pull forward and park inside her garage. The door triggered while still on the street gave him a double hint to get out of the way. "Mace is gonna be a pain around all the girls I just know it. Belly's growling, I wonder if I have anymore KFC?"
Squirting her windshield on purpose she merely rolled her eyes at Mace. Bad enough she was still wet as hell from all those jocks pawing her up, Mace just had to double down. Once inside the garage she was met by her dog Rotten dancing about excitably by his Master's arrival. Why he was running loose bothered her. At least he didn't take off. Shutting off her engine she sat there briefly wiggling her toes. "Damn! I can still feel Antoine and Toby sucking my toes. Gonna be a habit I just know it."
Opening her door wide Rotten just tried to climb into her lap. "Hey! I almost gave lap dances today without you giving me one. Wet paws even worse. Get down...down...down. Damn! I wish Roger would talk to me like that." Chuckling she pushed her pup away and stepped out to brush her dress off. Heels clattering on concrete she stepped out to confront Mace scrubbing his chrome wheels with a brush. "You can do me next." She paused at her request, "Mine next! Dammit!"
"Have your cheerleaders do it. That way I can just stand back and get them wet." He points the hose threateningly but doesn't spray her. "How'd today go? Feet tired?"
"Ummm? Not so bad today." She chuckled, "Had a nice...massage."
"Oh yeah? Head to toe?"
"None of your beeswhacks, Buzz Tightrear." She smirked, "Yes!"
"Seriously?"
"Don't judge me." She said as Rotten wanted her attention, "You! Don't nudge me." She ended up kneeling to pet and hug the needy dog. Mace looked right up her skirt to see bare pussy. Feeling evil he shot the hose right between her legs making her yelp and nearly fall backwards. The cold water on her pussy made her shiver. "HEY! I'm wet enough without your help. Stop looking up my skirt all the time." She pushes Rotten aside, "That goes for you too."
"You keep showing it off what do you expect?"
"Not intentionally, I just forget sometimes."
"Surrrrrrrrrrrrrrrre! You know I'm good seeing you naked, I don't know why you have to be so Miss Innocent."
"We've been through this...NEPHEW!! You're family that makes certain things taboo."
"Whatever! You sat on my lap grinding the other night before you sent me for chicken. How is that not taboo?"
"I was tipsy and you pissed me off, so I got you worked up then made you deal with it. Just...stop bringing shit up Mace. I need to go take a real shower before the Swallowers get here." She stands up and turns away but paused one last time, "By the way...why is Rotten running around with a leash on? If he runs off or worse I'll beat your ass."
"He won't. I've got him trained too well. Check this out..." Mace whistles to get the dog's attention, "Mail." He points at her box along the curb. Rotten darts out to it and stops sitting down to look both ways as if to cross the street. He then stands up looking back at Piper before hiking his leg and taking a piss on the mailbox pole.
"Oh, that's lovely. You trained him to pee on my mailbox."
"Not to pee on it but to use it as a marker not to go any further. So far he's listened every time."
"What if I want him to go further?" Piper points at Mace and whistles to Rotten, "MALE!" The dog runs over to Mace and hikes his leg making him jump out of the way before being pissed on.
"WHAT THE HELL!! I never trained you to do that."
Piper busted up, "It was worth a shot...he just missed his target. Good boy Puppy. Let's go inside I'll get you a Milkbone for being so smart." As the dog pranced toward her Mace shot the pooch with the hose. Then Piper in the ass.
"UGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGHHHHH! Go back to Atlanta!"
She squealed and ran for the garage door then into the house to escape him.
"She didn't mean that."
********
Across town at Robin Banks family townhouse, Angus Furlong stretched out on her bed as she got dressed from enjoying her own shower. Putting on her cheerleader outfit freshly washed she hopped up on her mattress standing with one leg to each side of his. No panties on he could see a very inviting cunt looking down at him.
"What's wrong with you? You look a million miles away."
"Just thinking about the game Friday." That, and Piper Cherry naked on her desk in Detention, and the whole Travis Herbert debacle. The nerd deserved it. Didn't he? Maybe his mood swings had to do with Dakota McKellen. Under an hour ago he had asked her out again, but she was still resisting due to Robin. There was also seeing Kelly Herbert' ass hanging out of severely ripped jeans at Horton-Dexter when she came to pick up Travis. That bitch was hot.
"Shit! We didn't warn Piper there was a game so soon, just cheer practice. She's going to blow a gasket."
"Or my dick in Detention." He told himself listening but not reacting with stress. "Better let her in on that."
"Why didn't you? You had Detention with her after school."
"Too much going down, never came up." He chuckled to himself, "Just like my hips when I get the opportunity to tap the Counsellor."
"Maybe you're thinking about Dakota McKellen and her opened blouse." Robin frowned with a wince.
"Naaaa! That was when you were in the shower." He joked, but it wasn't a lie.
"HaHa! You know I'm okay with that right? I don't mind sharing you."
"What? Where did that come from?"
"I wasn't born five minutes ago asshole." She flopped down on his lap and sat there palms on his chest. "You think I don't know about you and Tina? We are best friends. She and I just made a pact not to tell you unless I brought it up. Which I am right now."
"You know I'm fucking Tina?"
"And, half the girls in school. Do you really think I'm faithful to you?"
"Wow! Seriously? You're seeing other guys?"
"I'm a slut Angus...come on lunkhead."
"Damn! You're really okay my doing other girls?"
"Sure! As long as you're cool with me doing other guys."
"Like who?"
"Mostly guys from Marietta."
"Our rivals? You bitch."
"Always was Furdong!" She hops over his erection smirking, "So, you want McKellen?"
"Yeah, I do. She's a pet project."
"I'll help you get her."
"You must be reading my mind. I was thinking earlier today I could maybe sucker you into something like helping me and make it look like you're good with it. I really didn't think you would though and really wanna break up with me."
"You're stuck with this witch Furlonger."
"Help me get Dakota to fuck me? She's still a virgin I know that much."
"I'll work on it. I'm going to Counsellor Cherry's for cheerleading practice at 6:30. Cherry lives right next door to your chippy. With her sister Sable being thrown at the squad by Piper I'm sure Dakota will show up too."
"You're going to Piper's house? Holy crap!" After what he and his fellow detainees had done to Piper and got away with it he was still high on her, without thinking about Dakota. Not only that but his sights were also set on Dakota's mom Josie. "Maybe I should tag...along."
"Not if you want me to work my magic. I'll make it look like you broke up with me. Tina will back me up. I'll be emotional but explain to Dakota I'm not mad at her for you liking her. Trust me honey I got this. Why? Because I really do love you. Even if we are both sluts."
"Fucking awesome! Maybe I'll marry you someday. What do you think? Robin Furlong?"
"Not Furlong!" She laughed, "Get it Not for long?" He rolled his eyes at her mocking him, "Promises, promises! I better get ready. Just steer clear I'll text you later tonight and tell you how it went."
"One more thing?"
"What now?"
"Now that I know you and Tina were..."
"Threesome?"
"Yeah!" He chuckled.
"No problem. I eat that bitch every week anyway."
"No way!"
"Thirty minutes to get there and I'm relying on GPS. I'll talk to Tina."
"Dakota's the priority."
"On it Stud." She climbed off and put on her socks and tennis shoes then jumped at him for a steamy ten second kiss. The cheerleader definitely cheered him up.
"I'm so following her."
A text to his buddies Toby and Antoine the drive by was set in motion.
********
"I can't do this." Sable paced her bedroom knowing the clock was running out. Wanting to be a cheerleader for years she never had the chance until now. Nerves were getting the best of her in more ways than one. In her heart she knew she just wasn't one of the girls, no matter if cheerleader Tawny Clauson was trying to be her friend when others seemed cruel and manipulative. She wasn't even 100% sure Tawny was on the up and up. To make matters worse she had accidently shared cell photos of both Mace Belmont's big cock which he sent as a joke, and Travis Herbert's much smaller penis pic which was texted over he being such a pervert. She just knew that Mace at least might learn about her mistake and feel as if she betrayed his trust.
Travis on the other hand was still reeling after being humiliated at school today, girls seeing his penis anyway and teasing him in awful mean ways. She felt bad for him but at the same time laughed along with the crowd during a trash can incident. "He must hate me so much after that. Why did I laugh at him?" She wanted to bawl her eyes out. "I promise you Travis I'll never laugh at you again."
She tried to text him then shied away from sending it. The problem seemed to be the fact that she knew deep down that she was just as much the butt of their cruel joke. She tried to help him but ended up looking as if she was pawing him up instead. Only with Piper and Coach Roman Crandell coming to their rescue saved the day. She just needed a few minutes to be alone. Looking out her bedroom window with the off chance that Travis was looking at her through his telescope she found nothing. Even his drapes were closed, for once. Maybe he needed time alone too.
********
"What a day." Piper cleansed her demons away beneath a steaming hot shower, hands in her hair and rejoicing in its cascade. "Poor kids! Detention might have taken my mind off of that bullshit with Travis and Sable, but it all comes flooding back. Trav must be devastated, Sable trying to help only made her life hell too. I'm going to have to deal out some serious damage control here soon. Find out who was really behind his being tied up in the gym naked for all to see. Now if that was me I'd be saying come and get it boys." She laughed at herself then just as quickly puffed her cheeks and apologized to Travis and Sable as if they could hear her, "Sorry guys bad timing."
"Let's think positive for now. Cheerleading practice should be a blast as long as Mace doesn't make a fool of himself. Who am I kidding of course he will. I should make him stay in the house but I know he won't. Hell just getting him to wear anything but sweat pants is going to be hard enough. Once he sees hot girls his pecker's gonna be turning heads. No way is Punkzilla going to...shit! Now I'm naming it like my toy Bodzilla. Stop it Piper! Ugggggh! Now I'll never be able to use Bodzilla without thinking Punkzilla. I'm so screwed. Not in a good way either."
"Change topics while you can Pipes." She huffed soaping her luffa and pledging it over her body in warm caresses. "Saturday night should be fun. At least I'll get some unless Roger puts me off just to drive me insane. It's been awhile since I've been out on a boat on the water. While it's no yacht like Dad has it's well...Roger's home. Cheap living I guess. Who lives on a houseboat anyways? Sonny Cockett?" She made fun of Sonny Crockett from the old Miami Vice TV show. "God I hope he doesn't have a pet alligator. Unless they're boots those are sexy. Now I'm dressing him instead of undressing him. Boy oh boy! I wonder if I should take along a nice evening dress in case he takes me out after time on the river? Surely, he has more sympathy on me than making me a river rat." She chuckles to herself going all Jimmy Cagney, "YOU DIRTY RAT!" She loved the classics.
Finishing her cleanse Piper shuts the water off and steps out to dry off. Bright blue towel to the rescue she foregoes tying it on and parades right out of her bathroom in all of her succulent glory. Only Rotten laying on his corner bed lifted his head to admire her.
"No peeping tomcats today for you to chase, so you just lay that head down and sleep it off. Dream of a poodle or something." He did just that dropping his head on his front paws. "I forgot your Milkbone didn't I?" He didn't care he was already snoring. Quietly she added, "I'll give you two later." It was really nice having her baby back with her.
Going to her closet she looked for something appropriate to wear. Spotting her old Atlanta Falcons cheerleading uniform she was tempted to show it off to the girls. "Better not. They don't need to connect any dots tracing me back to Davon. That might ruin their impression of me. Sooner or later it's going to come out and spread like wildfire but there's no reason to throw gas on that fire too early. Ooooo! My Tennessee Titan's t-shirt. There we go that's perfect." Taking it from its hanger she slipped it on over her head. "Better at least put panties on. The girls...probably aren't wearing any either. Fuck it!"
"I can only imagine the slutstorm tomorrow when Carl officially lifts the dress code. Could be fun, could be a disaster. I'll just make it fun." She knew herself too well. Grabbing her hair brush she tiptoed from her bedroom so as not to wake the baby and went to the kitchen, "Time to feed my flat sexy belly." She rubbed her tummy through her t-shirt and looked inside her fridge for the bucket of KFC only to find one lone thigh amongst tossed in bones. "That little bastard. He's eating me out...of house and home." Taking the thigh she indulged and once devoured thanked Mace in her mind, "At least he saved me from three pounds. I should get upstairs and start back on my cardio. That, or even more fun join that gym Jesse suggested. What was it called? Lift KITty's? Sounds more like a hillbilly strip club than a fitness center. Might be worth checking out when I get some free time. We shall see. Better Crest up my pearls before the girls get here."
A few more brushes through her hair in the kitchen leaning on her island she spotted the Milkbone box and plucked out two. "Maybe I should just eat one and skip brushing. Naaaa!" Tiptoeing back into her bedroom she silently knelt down in front of Rotten in his dreaming of poodles and placed them there for him to wake up to. "Tooth Fairy!" She told herself and crept into her bathroom to brush her teeth. Chicken was the devil.
"You even sleep through running water." She snickered in passing. Heading outside she found Mace waxing his truck. "At least his running water days look over. If he shoots me and the girls I'm gonna come...unglued."
As if predicting her stepping out to greet them two cars pull up in front of her house and honk. Within two vehicles were ten cheerleaders all in uniform. Giddy at seeing Piper they all vacated the cars in a squealing race across the yard. Mace had to stop waxing the trim of his truck and huff with awe. "Holy shit!" Boner time!
"Hey! The clown cars just dropped off their honkers." Piper laughed as three cheerleaders swarmed her for a warm welcoming hug, more incoming until she was barely seen outside of her head and arms over them in shock. "Awww! Just don't crowd surf me. Not wearing panties." She laughed. Strangely she was right on the button.
"Who does?" Robin laughed and mooned her, as if a wave each girl joined in laughing hysterically. Mace seeing ten bare bottoms went raging in his sweatpants. Piper looking over at Mace points at him with a sneer.
"Keep it on that side of the Ram Tough logo Buddy."
"Who's that?" A number of girls grew curious as they realized a boy was present. Waving at him like a fleet of butterflies Mace felt like a Monarch. His crown was showing its colors.
"That's my pool boy. Don't encourage him or the only pool you'll see is drool."
"I'M MACE. PIPER'S NEPHEW."
"We know." Tina called out then giggled using her fingers as a measuring tool, "LONG STORY." Referring to the picture they saw on Sable McKellen's phone. The chuckles were contagious. Tawny Clauson while laughing did look around for the missing member of their squad.
"Where is Sable?"
Piper looked toward the McKellen home and sighed, "After what happened in the gym today I doubt she's in any mood to practice."
"That was awesome." Regina Owens chuckled, "They got Travis Herbert good."
"At the expense of Sable." Tawny grew irritable, "Don't be a bitch Reggie. She lives next door right?"
"Yep!" Piper respected the redhead's courage. "Wanna go knock and see if you can coax her out?"
"Sure!" Tawny began walking toward the McKellen house. In passing in front of Mace's truck she looked over at him and dropped her jaw. "Daaaamn! Gotta girlfriend?" His tented sweats were standing straight out all noble. "Hold that...my thought." She giggled and continued on her journey to seek out Sable.
"Why me?" Piper rolled her eyes.
"Oh! Piper?" Robin drew her attention, "Before we forget. Did Ruth tell you there was a football game on Friday? We're going against Marquette."
"Feel more next week!" A pair of girls laughed squeezing their breasts toward Mace who was checking them out. They were referring to the Filmore Rhinos.
"What? Noooo! Dammit! First I learn I'm getting thrown to you She-Wolves short notice, now I'm being thrown to the whole Pack?" A fond thought of Detention made her wet. "Focus! Focus!" Piper spoke aloud dramatically as the girls admired her humorous reaction. That and her t-shirt riding high. "What time Friday?"
"We have to be there by 6:00. Game's at 7:00." Tina promoted their itinerary.
"I have Detention until 5:00. FUCK ME!" Piper gnashed her teeth, "Sorry! Defense mechanism. That means I'll probably have to stay at Horton-Dexter until the game is over. Please be a home game and not in some Podunk school in the projects."
"Hey! I live in the projects." Octavia looked bitter. "Just kidding I live two blocks from Whorehouse-Dexter."
"Ok I gotta ask. If our team is called the Swallow's, is this school Marquette called the Spot's?" The laughter was impossible to hide, even next door at the McKellen house Sable McKellen heard them and pouted.
"That's sooo funny Miss Cherry," Deidre Selby giggled, "No! But the team we face next is Filmore, their team is called the Hole's." All of the girls immediately stopped laughing and looked toward a snooping Mace Belmont. You could hear crickets if there were any.
"Seriously?" Piper shook her head at their trying to tempt Mace, "What's Filmore really called?"
"Ho's!"
"Asses!"
"Come on...their real team name please." Piper was tiring of the constant jokes. "For that matter what's Marquette called?"
Robin relented and answered her appropriately, "The Marquette Badger's. Holes still involved."
"And Filmore?"
"The Filmore Rhinos." A tiny blond named Lily said.
"Tell me they don't have a live mascot." Piper couldn't help but add to the misery.
"No but our team cornered their mascot last year and taped a huge dildo to the head gears horn. The guy didn't even know it until halftime." Octavia added, "Dead serious. We all got horny."
"Good lord! What have I gotten myself into?" Piper held her forehead laughing. "Alright! Show me what you got." Skirts went flying up for Mace. "HEY! Stop teasing my nephew! Y'know what? MACE! GET YOUR ASS IN THE HOUSE."
"Awww come on..."
"PLEASE DO!" The girls cheered waving their pompoms at him.
"Give us an M...give us an A...give us a C...and an E. What's that spell? MACE!"
"Jesus Christ!" Piper lost it walking around the truck and literally escorting Mace into the house. Slamming the door in his face she marched back out to the driveway with a fierce expression, "Are you bitches done?"
"Yes!" They relaxed and shared sensible ideas going forward. Robin enforcing their demeanors to behave.
********
"Hey Dakota." Tawny Clauson rang the doorbell twice before it was answered.
"Hi Tawny. Looking for my sister?"
"Sure am. Is she joining us or what?"
"Go ask her yourself." Dakota lets her in as Henry McKellen steps from his office to see the cheerleader being motioned up the staircase. "Last door on the right."
"Thanks." Tawny brightens up as Henry joins Dakota at the side of the staircase watching Tawny hurry upstairs. Henry grit his teeth seeing up Tawny's skirt and finding zero panties. Dakota scowls at her Father.
"And, you worry about me wearing no panties?"
"What? Where did that come from?"
"It's the new fashion."
"Uhhh! Invisible undies?" He teased her tweaking his daughter's nose making her wrinkle her brow. "I told you I'm not saying a word about your fashion choices. Go support Sable she's wanted to be a cheerleader since her Freshman year."
"I don't want to go over to Piper's."
"Why not?"
"Robin Banks is there."
"That's really her name?"
"Yes. She's...seeing Angus."
"The boy that you like?"
"Yes. He tells me he's breaking up with her but..."
"You don't believe him."
"I don't know what to believe. I want to Daddy."
"Ehhh? Boys can be indecisive. Just look at me."
"I always do."
"That's nice to know." He presumed she meant she looked up to him for advice. Boy was he wrong.
Upstairs Tawny knocked on Sable's bedroom door, "Sable? It's Tawny. You okay?"
"Not really!"
"I'm sorry about today in the gym. With so many people laughing...it was hard not to. Have you spoken to Travis?"
"No. I'm sure he hates me, even though I tried to untie him. That video is what makes me really upset. People are so cruel. I still think Corey Samson was behind it."
"Fuck those assholes. Fuck Samson."
Inside her head Sable paused to imagine sex with Corey albeit briefly and suddenly brightened up. Then the fear of uncertainty, her being a virgin ruined her moment. Why would he want a virgin?
"Come practice with us. I want you there. I'll even help you."
"I don't have a uniform even."
"I'll loan you my extra uniform for Friday's game. We're about the same size."
Sable gets brave and opens her door to face Tawny, "Are you really my friend?"
"I want that, if you do." Sincerity spoke. "Change into something less constrictive. You can't be flexible in tight jeans." Sable motions her in and shuts the door. Together they go through clothing options leading to a selection of a lavender tank top and loose white shorts. She at least had sense to leave her panties on. Bra too. Changing in front of Tawny was nothing considering they even showered together in a huge stall at school. "You look great. Let's get ready to tuuuuuuummmmmmmmble!" Her goofy manner made Sable smile. A look out her bedroom window still found no sight of Travis. She gave up.
"You alright?"
"Yeah! Travis lives in that house over there. So close but after today...clear across the world."
"You like Travis I get it. It seemed like you liked Corey today too."
"You said he was watching me a lot."
"He does. You should keep your options open."
"You're right."
A knock at the door leads them to the hall. Outside waiting was Dakota dressed in jean shorts and a green t-shirt with a shamrock on it saying, "Wanna Get Lucky?" It was her mother's.
"Nice tease shirt Dakota. You just might!" Tawny wagged her tongue and giggled. "Oh my God! Piper's nephew's dick is standing out to here with so many girls over there in the yard." She hovered her hand a good foot from her thighs as if a man.
"That's nothing new. He lives with a boner 24/7."
"Love it! I might need to tell Jesse I wanna see other guys."
"Jesse? Principal Manley's son?" Dakota winced.
"I'm joking. I adore Jesse. Of course...Mace is pretty hot."
"Please don't tell him I accidently showed you guys his penis."
"I won't! But, I can't speak for the Hooter Girls."
Taking the lead Tawny went downstairs seeing Henry on the living room sofa watching TV. "Bye Mister M." He turned in his seat to see Tawny and wave. She puckered her lips and kissed at him on her way out the door. Dakota and Sable both watch as their Father grits his teeth and stares at Tawny's ass. Dakota pouted, she was rather jealous. Sable? She just sighed heavily and followed Tawny out. Dakota paused until Henry glanced at her.
"Love you Daddy."
"Love you too. Have fun." He was going to, as soon as they left he imagined that redheaded hellcat riding his cock right there on the sofa. "I'm so putting her in Frisque."
********
Having followed Robin Banks from her home in Antoine's borrowed beater mobile, Angus Furlong led the boys into stealth mode. Having parked across from the housing division he gave the girls time to get going on practice before they dared to snoop any closer. In a car none of the girls knew it made it easier to be invisible.
"Won't be hard finding the girls out in Piper's front yard. We just gotta keep any of them from noticing us." Angus pointed out.
"A beater like my cousins in a fancy hood like this? The neighbors are gonna think we're casing the place." Antoine winced.
"Just drive moron."
Antoine pulled through the entry to Hooters Crossing marked by a huge Barn Owl statue on top of a pillar marking the division. Easily seeing the girls doing somersaults and cheers Antoine nearly hit his brakes to watch bare asses doing flips.
"Gaaaawwwwwwwdaaaamn! Look at Octavia's sweet ass."
"Don't stop you dumb fuck."
Growling at Angus to drive it was still a slow take off. Especially seeing Piper Cherry instructing the girls in only a short t-shirt. Her own ass in vivid view when doing a handstand. It was when her shirt slid down to her tits while upside down that Angus said, "HOLD UP! Look at that."
"We did in Detention. She's still hot." Toby leaned over the center console of the car. "Whoa! There's the McKellen girls."
"Dakota dude!" Antoine grinned, "There's your squeeze Bro."
"Hopefully. I got Robin working on her." He couldn't stop looking at Piper though. In his brain he pictured every guy in Detention jerking off in front of her. She was too cool.
"No shit! Robin knows you like Dakota?"
"Yep! I'm the man Bro."
"They're gonna see us." Toby pointed out, "We stick out like a sore hitchhiker's thumb. Go around the block at least." Antoine hit the gas and they circled away from Epicenter Court and turned the next block over.
"Yo! Isn't that Herbert's mom's Kia? She picked him up in that at school." Antoine noticed.
"Who knew his mom was so freaking hot." Toby chuckled.
"Shit! She's outside doing some gardening." Angus drooped his jaw. "I can see butt cheeks through those tattered jeans." Who needed a flashback to seeing them at school, they were right in front of them.
"Cut off t-shirt too." A white one. "Maybe she's a pervert like her son." Toby added. She had a red handkerchief tied over her long blond hair to pin it back. "I mean who picks their kid up wearing clothes that revealing?"
"We should stop. Let's make it look like we're here to apologize to the perv for what happened at school."
"We don't know who even instigated it."
"Which is in our favor."
"Pull up! Let's do her...I mean this." Angus laughed.
Trouble was only a few feet away.
********
"Keep your feet together when cheering Sable." Robin Banks instructed her protégé in the proper stance. All while looking casually over at Dakota on the sidelines, who had her hands in her back pockets watching nervously. "Tawny? Work with Sable for a minute." Robin then turned toward Dakota and fidgeted, acting as if hesitant to approach the girl. Finally, Robin just went for it.
"Can we talk?"
"About what?"
"Angus. We broke up today."
"Whoa! Really? I'm...sorry."
"No you're not. It's okay I've known he's liked you awhile now. I just...freaked out a bit when I heard he was actually talking to you. I did apologize to Sable for jumping her shit."
"I know. I figured you knew when you did that to my sister. When you smiled at me outside Mister Manley's office I presumed you thought she was me."
"Well, you are twins, but no I knew it was you. I've always liked you Dakota, we just never really tried being friends."
"So why now? I'd think I was the enemy in your eyes."
"Not really. I mean don't get me wrong I kinda hate you, kinda don't. Mostly don't. I'll get over him. Just...if you ever need to know anything about Angus I'll probably stay out of it, because I don't want you to think I'm coming between you...on purpose. He can tell you we broke up...don't tell him I told you first he might get...upset."
"I'm in no hurry. To be honest...I'm not certain I wanna date anyone. I kind of like just...being noticed."
"Oh, you're being noticed." Robin giggles, "I love how bold you've been with that shirt being unbuttoned all the time. I can't wait to see if you top that stunt off at school tomorrow. Piper getting Manley to let us ignore the dress code on Wednesday's is going to be off the chain."
"I haven't decided what I'm wearing yet. Maybe a dress this time. What are you wearing?"
"Definitely a dress...zero..." She lifts her skirt to show off her ass and pussy proving no panties.
"I noticed already. None of you guys are wearing any."
"I never wear any to school. You should try it."
"Maybe! If I get up enough nerve."
"How can you be nervous? Your tits barely keep hidden."
"That's different. I can keep those covered unless I feel like pulling the collar open. I like leaving something to the imagination."
"Not me! I like showing the goods and telling boys they want this. You know they do. Heck, they want you."
"Do they?"
"Don't be naïve like your sister. You're the smart one."
"She gets better grades."
"You know what I mean."
"I hear you." She shyly agrees.
"Mace is spying on us." Robin points to an upstairs window. "I bet he's jerking off up there watching us. Maybe even you."
"He's nice. Definitely..." She refrains from admitting more.
"Hung like a horse? I'd love to cowgirl on that big boy."
"Sable said she accidently showed you guys his pic. I have that pic too."
"Have you seen it up close? In real I mean."
"Not yet...I mean no I don't want to."
"Yes you do. I can read you like a book."
"No you can't." Dakota scoffs with a frown, "What's the name of the book?"
"Playgirl!" She laughs, "I better get back to practice, Piper's losing her shirt. God she's incredible. Look at her standing on her hands with her shirt clean down to her tits...oops! spoke too soon, there they are. Fuck that's hot!" Robin went in for a much better look. Piper even did the splits while on her hands. Tongues were wagging. Even her nephew Mace's. He was definitely jerking off.
"Piperrrrrrrr!" Sable threw a fit seeing her neighbor naked upside down, "The neighbors will see you."
"Too late." Piper laughed but dropped her feet to the ground anyway and used her upper body strength to tilt upright. The girls were blown away by her contortionist abilities. "Alright ladies, everyone take a seat in the grass."
"Miss Cherry?" Tina raises her hand, "Can I use your restroom?"
"Me too." Lily Cantwell fidgeted as if holding it.
"Sure! There's a powder room right off the living room. Hurry back we need to discuss strategy. If my dog is there just throw him a Milkbone they're on the counter. Friends forever."
Both girls scurry into the house and shut the door behind them. Instead of heading to potty they locate the staircase and race upstairs to find Mace. Catching him off guard as he stood there with his sweats to his ankles Tina took his picture then hid her cell behind her.
"Hey Mace. Can we watch?" Lily smirked with her arm up on Tina's shoulder.
"Oh shit! Where did you two come...from?"
"Same place you should put that." Tina winks and lifts her skirt up to show her well groomed landscape. Seeing her pussy he turned with a smug look.
"Come and get it." With a pair of puckered lips they moved in dropping to their knees and shared licking his cock. He nearly nutted upon contact. Never before did he have two girls blow him at once. Tina took the lead and swallowed his crown taking in a good four inches before gagging. Lily moving lower sucked on his balls for a good three minutes until he couldn't help himself and nutted into Tina's mouth. "GAHHHHHHHHHHHHH!" He snarled as Rotten sat in the doorway with his head tilted sideways bewildered. As Tina pulls away kissing his urethra for his gift she shows him her milky tongue. Lily jealous sucked him off another minute just for leftovers. "Swallow it."
"UnH UnH!" Tina spoke with her mouthful and hops up walking away. Once Lily saw her leave she stood up and pointed at his dick, "Here's your Milkbone puppy." Mace growled, "DON'T EVEN." Rotten didn't, Lily ran back out. "Did that really happen?" He turned to look back out the window to see Tina slyly pointing up at the window and showing his load on her tongue to the other girls. Even as Piper talked the girls took turns kissing one another and passing his flavor around the circle. "Holy Motherfucker! That's..." He jerked off harder than ever before.
"So, these uniforms. Pretty outdated don't you girls think?" Piper pointed out using Robin's as an example. "I'm thinking t-shirts like I'm wearing but with the Swallow's logo. Thoughts?"
"We're all in! You buying them?" Octavia spoke up.
"Absolutely!"
"Can we have We Swallow written on the back?" Tawny laughed as Sable standing behind her went, "Ewww!" It was bad enough seeing the circle smirk kissing. So not Sable. Even Dakota was glad she was standing on the sidelines.
"I'll see what I can do." Piper chuckled, "This is fun guys."
"Miss Cherry?"
"Yes Octavia?"
"I think I need to use your restroom now."
"Go ahead."
Octavia hopped up and looked at her friend Lisa Free, "Go with me. I'm afraid of dogs."
"Just yell for Mace he'll get Rotten." Piper paused, "My dog's name is rotten. You already know Mace is."
"Gotcha! Be right back." Octavia and Lisa knew exactly where Mace was and followed the path of their sisters upstairs in a rush of footsteps. Finding Mace still jerking off Octavia lifts her skirt and sits down on the carpet, spreading her legs with Lisa joining her in the same pose. Before saying anything both girls reached in between their thighs and pried their cunts wide open. Hearing a loud, "AHEM!" from Octavia, Mace turns and bulges his eyes.
"Whoa! Nice!" He waddled over to them and took Lisa first sliding his cock into her soaked tight pussy and fucked her for a swift thirty thrusts before Octavia demanded his attention.
"Bring that big dick over here before your Aunt comes...looking for us. I wanna taste of that thick mother." Pulling out of Lisa who pouted and missed him already he shuffled on his knees to his right and sank his nine iron in her bright pink pussy. This was his first time with an African American girl so he was a little stressed. Feeling him balls deep Octavia wrapped her legs around his waist and said, "Hit that pussy white boy." Intimidated he did his best. Lisa decided to leave her alone and head outside to cover their tracks.
Exiting the house by herself Piper looked over expecting Octavia. Lisa winced holding her nose, "She's pooping." Piper merely bulged her eyes and changed the subject.
"Like my pussy white boy?" Octavia used her leg muscles to force Mace's cock deeper each time he backed out. He wasn't used to not having total control. Her pussy tightening around his cock only added to his thrill ride.
"Fuck! You're hot as hell black girl."
"What did you call me?" She sneered laughing. "You can make me white if you want." She knew he was close to detonation and let him linger in agony until the very last second then recoiled her legs to let him back away and jerk off over her ebony succulence. "That's what I'm talking about. Hell yes white boy." Tasting his cum from her fingertips she hopped up and kissed him unexpectedly. "Call me."
"Black girl?"
"I can live with that."
He sat there on his knees trickling cum on to the carpet. "That was fucking awesome." Who knew?
Rejoining the girls Octavia waited until Piper was looking away and lifted her skirt to show off her shiny cunt still wet from jizz. Lisa having already bragged about Mace only made the other girls want to go...potty. Catching on quick Dakota blocked the sidewalk to the door as if defending Piper's home. Tawny giggled and spread the word to let it go, "Chill out Ho's."
Enough was enough. Although the other cheerleaders wanted in on the action they took one for the team and just sat around listening to Piper talk about being bold on the field. "Worry about the Ref's and the fans when they raise hell. In the meantime...our job is to distract the hell out of the enemy. Be aggressive, be seductive, be a Swallower."
The girls threw their pom pom's in the air like graduation tassels and belted out, "WEEEEE SWALLOW! WE SWALLOW! WE SWALLOW! DON'T FOLLOW. SWALLOW!"
Sable rolled her eyes and just went home. She gave up without a fight. Tawny felt bad but let her go. She knew that this lifestyle was out of her comfort zone. She would have a long talk with her in the future. So would Piper noticing the girls defeated look.
Calling it a night Piper sent the girls home after a barrage of hugs. Dakota giving up her post as guardian of the kingdom watched everyone leave then met Piper in the grass.
"That went well." Piper shrugged. "You better go check on your sister."
"You better go check on your nephew." Dakota rolled her eyes. Without further remarks she just went on home. Piper frowning headed inside after closing her garage door, entering through the laundry room. Closing the door she found Mace on the sofa laying down grinning.
"What have you been doing while I was busy outside?"
"Nuttin'!"
It was the truth.
Rolling her eyes she just knew.
"I'm going to bed. FUCK ME!" She stops cold in her tracks to peer at him.
"What?" He sat up hopeful.
"My bedding's still in the dryer."
Down boy down!