I was eager as anyone to welcome the arrival of the summer. A year has been exhausting up to that moment – even problematic. Fourteen-hour workdays have taken their toll and I was mentally and physically spent. It could be said that I was suffering from acute fatigue. I have completely neglected my private life, seeing my friends less than once in a blue moon, and any type of relationship was further from reality that the cat's catching of the red dot. Yes, I definitely needed a vacation. I've already booked a week in the first half of June for me. I needed a true reset, before the season on the Adriatic begins and every square foot of the coast is filled by some tourist.
It was my last day at work. The suitcase was already packed in the trunk of my car, I was completing my final tasks and impatiently checking my watch, calculating the travel time to the ferry port. The first thing that springs to mind to any sea-lover living in the landlocked part of the country is the smell. Only Adriatic has that unique, magnificent scent, tangible immediately after the last mountain saddle is traversed. The smell of Aleppo pine, olives, rosemary, lavender and salt, all mixed up in a beautiful cacophony of joyful aromas. I imagined that scent at least hundred times a day and it always took me daydreaming. I just wanted to relax. To sleep, lie in the Sun, swim, eat, drink – all that without phones, emails, meetings, negotiations, contracts...
The time came. I turned off my notebook, slammed it down and stretched myself out of the office chair. I'm going to the seaside, bitches! I exited my room and, in an almost dance-like move, walked through the hall towards the exit. Petite, cute receptionist Renata looked at me under her eyebrows, vibrating a mix of happiness (because I'm finally going on a vacation) and envy (since she's not going):
"Going, eh? Haven't seen you this happy ever since we started making money" – she said with a smile.
"Darling, you know that I love you all, but I don't want to hear from you, see you, smell you. I don't wish to know that you even exist for the next nine days!"
"I get you, honestly," – she said, and immediately faked a frown. "You fuck, going at this time of year, I hate you!" She didn't sound rude, but friendly. The collective was functioning as a family, from top to the bottom. The primary rule was that any formality, ass-kissing, keeping quiet, back-stabbing – basically any standard office communication - was strictly forbidden.
"Just imagine how you're gonna hate me on Monday, awwww... When you get to the office around 9 o'clock and remember that I am, just at that moment, jumping in a beautiful, refreshing sea, eh?"
"You'd better run before I start to throw stationary at you!"
"Kisses! Bye! Have fun!"
***
It was hot outside. Sweltering. The constant temperature was well over 90 degrees, the heat wave was hitting with full force for the last couple of days, and the prognosis was that it will continue – indefinitely. I've hit a home-run with the timing of my getaway. Awesome! I sat in my car, turned on A/C to the max and pressed the pedal. My dear Island, here I come!
***
I opened a window immediately after passing through the Velebit mountain. The smell of the Aleppo pine quickly permeated through the cabin. Technically, that tree wasn't indigenous to the Adriatic, but it gave such unique aroma that it couldn't be imagined anywhere else. I've been to a lot of places around the World and still haven't encountered such intoxicating fragrance of the sea and the coast. I slowed down, since I had plenty of time to get to the Ferry Port, put the car in the line and board the ferry that will take me to my little piece of paradise. The Island was my private escape from reality. It was small, and in this time of year its population was (together with a few odd tourists) 200 at most. Since I've been coming there for more than a few years, I've felt at home there, and even the local islanders accepted me as one of their own. OK, I wasn't the Hajduk fan, but I also wasn't Dinamo fan, so they didn't hate me. A few years back, when I was in a serious relationship and plans for the future, I used my first big commission to buy a small cottage house on the shore, enough for me and Darling, as well as a couple of occasional guests. Darling became history long ago, together with one of my acquaintances, but the cottage stayed. Luckily, it didn't remind me of her a bit.
Voyage to the Island was completely uneventful. The ferry was almost empty, so I had plenty of room and time to quietly absorb all sounds, views, and scents, as well as to redirect by mind flow towards hedonism. I was counting on being on my own for most of the time there. I took plenty of books, loaded my player with a pile of good music, bought essential supplies so I can cook something here and there... Yep, this was going to be a vacation in a literal sense.
I arrived in the Town and immediately went to Ante's house. Ante was one of the locals, a man in his fifties, living on the Island his whole life, he never felt a need to move anyplace else. Fish, wine, olive oil, fresh vegetables, card games, a bit of soccer – was what made him happy. And he was incredibly reliable. Despite his casual understanding of time, space and everything else, he was one of those people that never made you doubt in them doing what you asked them – if he said that he will do it, at least. So I asked him to be my cottage caretaker while I wasn't on the Island. He would go there occasionally, ventilate the place, check if anything was leaking or creaking, and even make small repairs without any additional inducement. In return, he only asked me to collect stuff from his relatives who lived inland and bring them to the Island. Just like this time. And there was, of course, a gentleman's agreement where he would come to my cottage at least once during my stay, bringing fresh fish, squid or octopus – or whatever he caught that day – and I would prepare dinner for the two of us. We would eat, get drunk and talk about anything and everything. He loved to read, so I left him a couple of my books every time I was leaving the Island. Next time I came, he returned the read books, I'd leave him a couple of new ones, and so on. You could say we were pretty complementary.
His wife left him some 7-8 years ago. She just couldn't bear living on the Island anymore, she wanted to move to the City. He wouldn't even consider such proposition. There was no compromise.
He welcomed me on his porch, in his deck chair. Even though he was good twenty or so years older, currently he looked younger than me. Tall, with barely a gray hair or two, in great shape caused by healthy lifestyle. More often than not I was envious of his ultra-low levels of stress of living.
"Heeeey, where are ya, mate?" – He got up from his deck-chair and came to greet me. He spoke with a thick accent, so distinctive for the Island and most of the Dalmatian Coast. We hugged, happy to see each other. "Jesus, ya look like they've beaten ya and dragged ya through a grape press. Come here, sit down, have a glass of wine!"
"You better know I will, but I'll go soon 'cause I'm dead tired. Yep, they've mentally bashed me in the last couple of months!"
"Oh, come on, don't be a cunt! Ya'll get some sleep, no worries."
"Leave it, Ante, there'll be plenty of time!"
We chatted for a while, the usual stuff – what's up, what we'we been doing, small talk... As much as I liked Ante, I was simply too tired for serious conversation, and especially for drinking. After 15 minutes, I was ready to go to the cottage, throw something in my mouth and collapse on the bed. I was already half way through my exit strategy when I felt someone standing behind me. I turned around and noticed a beautiful young creature looking at me with a broad smile on her face.
"Oh my, I can't believe it's you! I 'aven't seen you for five years!" – she spoke in a pleasant female alto.
Anita. Ante's daughter. When Ante divorced, she went to live with her mother in the City. Ante said it himself that it was better for her. Schools, friends, partying – she needed that more than living on a semi-deserted Island. She was the only reason for Ante's leaving the Island. When she hit the puberty, she wasn't much interested in coming to the Island that didn't have anything to offer to a teenager. When I last saw her, she was around fifteen. She was still a kid. Now she was a young woman. And what a woman she was! Curly, wild black hair, dark brown eyes, almond tan. And an incredibly sexy body. Perfect breasts, not too big, not too small, with nipples that were barely protruding through the light fabric of her t-shirt. Thin waist, slim and visibly shaped by exercise, was continuing in an hourglass form towards her beautiful, carved thighs. She was wearing just bikini bottoms – scanty ones at most. Suddenly, I was staring at her like I've never seen a woman. I wasn't sure if my jaw dropped involuntarily, but I squeezed my jaws tightly just in case. Luckily, Ante was turned away from us and didn't notice my glaring. However, she did notice. I mentally bitchslapped myself to try and hide the obvious surprise. I even felt the movement in my pants and didn't feel good about it.
'That's Ante's daughter, you moron! Don't even think about it!' – I started to force the thought inside my mind.
"Wow, Anita! I can't believe I'm seeing you! Look at you all grown up! I think it was much more that five years. Last time I saw you, you were still a scowled teenager!" – I exclaimed a bit too much, hoping that it saved the moment. She flew into my arms and hugged me tightly, so I felt her stiffen nipples and her skin, still moist from the sea. I felt the movement in my crotch again and started praying to God that she didn't feel it too. I wasn't entirely sure of it since it seemed that she squeezed me even harder just as my dick twitched. I was too tired.
We exchanged friendly pecks on the cheeks. When I was coming to an Island in the past, she was a kid, and I was sort of an older brother to her. I minded her, taking care that she doesn't fall under the bad influence (yeah, like there was something like that on the Island), chased her home when she was following my friends and me to nightly skinny-dipping sessions, or even me with some tourist I was trying to score with. When I started dating Darling, she even got a bit mad at me, but I was never able to determine that for sure since she stopped coming to the island and was preferring spending summers in the city and surrounding beaches with her crew.
"Eh, come on, deary! I'm only twenty-two, I didn't age that much! And look at ya', lookin' serious like a president or sumthin'" – she said without removing that lovely smile from her face. So, seven years had passed.
I went through some small talk with her too. She was in the fourth year of her med school. She stayed in the City – didn't feel like moving from the coast, and the school in the City was actually pretty good. She killed it there, of course. She was always a bit introverted as a kid, reading piles of books (just like Ante), and never shown any interest towards the opposite sex, even as she was well into puberty. OK, she was a late bloomer. And what a bloomer she was, indeed...
"Folks, I am delighted with your welcome, but now I really want to go to sleep. I'll be here for 9 days. It's a small Island, we'll be seeing each other for sure!" I said that, trying to direct my mind away from Anita than to actually retreat to the solitude of my vacation house.
"Here's the key. I've opened the windo's this afternoon, and Anita closed up when she was returning from her swim. It should be fresh and clean for you" – said Ante in a fatherly tone of voice, turning to Anita: "Anita, did you get everything?"
"Yep, Dads, no worries, all of it. Everything in the house is ready for our favorite inlander." While she was saying that, the tone of her voice was interesting, to say at least. I was probably hallucinating from all the fatigue and shock caused by her looks.
"Thank you both. I'm gonna go and crash on my bed."
We said our byes, Ante gave me a handshake and Anita hugged me again. This time, it felt as though she leaned her belly on my crotch. My cock twitched again and started to grow. Goddamn pecker, it'll really get me into trouble. She stayed in that position just a couple of seconds too long and kissed me on the cheek again. Ok, I guess I'm actually hallucinating. She turned around and went into the house. At that moment, I noticed that her bathing suit bottoms were actually thong and sight of the most beautiful, perky, firm, luscious butt I've ever seen appeared in front of me. I turned my head, probably too fast, to wave to Ante, who was staring in the distance, but my eyes were involuntarily turning towards those two perfect hemispheres that were gently bobbing while entering in the dimmed light of the house. It was maybe possible to deceive the sentient part of my brain, but not my subconsciousness. My cock was telling me that I wasn't immune at all. And that it had been a long, long time since one woman managed to turn me on so easily, by just existing.
I got in my car and drove a couple hundred yards to the cottage. It was close to everything and still isolated. The terrace was freshly moped, table and chairs were put outside. Such a nice folks, they prepared everything for me. I opened the doors and brought everything inside in one go. I brought just a shoestring amount of clothes, the rest were bags of food and drink. I made myself a sandwich and basically swallowed it whole before getting into bed.
The bed smelled of someone. A distinct scent of a woman was radiating from the pillow. Anita. She was apparently using the cottage when she wanted to be alone. Based on the intensity of the smell, she used the bed quite often, and recently at that. It was hot, and this smell additionally raised my temperature. I took all of my clothes of and turned my face into the pillow. My mind started racing. I began to imagine Anita, rolling naked in my bed, gently caressing her body, pleasuring herself and releasing her juices and smells. Groaning in ecstasy through wild curls of her hair covering her face. I didn't even notice that my cock was as hard as a rock and that I was already jerking it off with one hand. I felt dirty and kept thinking how this is just – wrong. It's little Anita, for God's sake! But I couldn't stop myself. I imagined her laying on her stomach, with her ass raised high in the air while her fingers play with her pulsating clit and her, soft, wet pussy lips. I was imagining my hand going over her perfect buttocks and spreading them. I was imagining coming closer to her beautiful asshole with my tongue and starting to lick it while she was twisting in an orgasmic spasm.
I came almost instantly. While laying on my back. Semen soaked the bed sheet under me, my belly, my arm. I didn't care one bit. I fell asleep like that, without moving a muscle. And without an atom of remorse.
***
It was morning. It was rather early, but the Sun was already scorching. I woke up – it was hot, but the day hasn't even properly started. I felt the crusted bed sheet under me, as well as glued stomach, and I smiled. It's OK, my vacation started, it could be much worse.
I went to the terrace and looked towards open seas. It was dead calm, quiet, there weren't even the fishermen in their dinghies – it was so hot that even the fish hid on the bottom. The sea was the only salvation from being slowly cooked. I quickly picked up the towel, bottle of water, sunglasses, music player and something to read, and headed to the beach – rather, rocks near my cottage, always the place offering a sort of solitude...
I got to my usual spot – rock at the entrance to the cove, a small secluded spot, and yet accessible enough. When it was a full season, there was always someone in the vicinity, but right now this was the perfect place, a little slice of heaven... I put down my towel and sunglasses and took off my clothes. I stretched out naked. OK, so I wasn't in a perfect shape, but it was far from bad. Not too skinny, not too fat, maybe I lacked a bit of training but it would be stupid to bother about it – nothing that some swimming and quality resting time couldn't solve. I was enjoying the breeze on my naked body, especially the crotch. I walked to the edge of a rocky outcrop and jumped into the sea without hesitation. The coolness of the seawater brought me to full alert in a second, and I started to swim. If the air breeze felt good, then the current feeling was a hundred times more satisfying... Sea was touching every inch of my body, refreshing, cooling. I enjoyed it. Without much effort I managed to swim across the cove, then turned around and headed back. I stopped halfway through I lay flat on my back on the surface... Not bad at all. My whole body was submerged, except my dick and my balls which were cooled by a gentle breeze blowing across the surface of the sea. I wasn't feeling hot anymore and my brain begun to function, but I decided to shut it off and allow the barely noticeable current to carry me wherever it was going to take me...
Time passed. I was floating almost entirely submerged, and my ears heard only silence beneath the surface. Stuff went through my mind, mostly dirty thoughts (Anita, Anita, Anita...) to which I succumbed I decided to embrace them. I felt the movement in the groin area. I assumed that the dick was more or less erected, but I didn't even bother to look. I was alone in the cove anyway... Suddenly, I heard the sound of splashing underneath the surface. I woke up from my half-meditating state and lifted my gaze. The first thing I saw was my full erection, and then someone swimming just a few yards from me. Judging by the hair, it was either a long-haired man or a woman. I didn't see the person's face, but I was almost sure that I was seen. And I mean – seen. OK, this séance was over. I started moving towards the shore, and the unknown person passed by me in the opposite direction, towards the other end of the cove.
I stepped out on the shore and shook the sea off of myself. He softened, so I was a bit more relaxed when turning sea wise, where I saw a womanly figure swimming backstrokes across the cove... She didn't have the bikini top, and it was logical. There was no one there but me, and judging by my own choice of apparel it was clear that I wouldn't mind. So I laid down on my towel, took my book, put one earphone in the ear and started relaxing with the sounds of some lounge-bossa band, not caring of its name – I just liked the rhythm, something summery to go with the heat...
I started reading – actually, staring at the book and thinking about things not recommended to be thought about while being naked in public, but I completely forgot about that detail. Anita, her smile, her ass, her smell... I just couldn't take them out of my head. At one moment, I stopped fighting with myself...
Suddenly, the ear not having an earphone in it registered some splashing sounds, then sounds of grappling rocks for a foothold, and finally steps almost directly next to my head... I didn't pay attention to them, it was hot and I liked the current mind frame... Footsteps suddenly stopped, so I turned my look away from the unknown book page that hasn't changed for at least 5 minutes. I saw her directly above me. She was about my age. Brown hair, not too big but really firm tits in perfect match with the rest of the frame, ending with really lovely perky nipples. Flat stomach and hourglass hips. She wore some fashionable panties which allowed me to assume that the crotch was hairless. She was wet, and the sea was dripping from her hardened nipples on a bedrock next to my towel. I liked what I saw. She was staring directly into my eyes with her green-blue eyes, with a tentative smile which she tried to hide while her stare was constantly shifting towards the lower parts of my body...
"Hey Woody, do you always sunbathe like this, or was it just my timing?" – She asked, confusing me a bit.
"What?"
She pointed to my crotch with her eyes. I lowered my sights and noticed that my cock was pointing to the sky. And her nipples didn't help at all to prevent it. I put a book on it, trying to hide it just for the sake of common decency, although I knew, subconsciously, that it didn't make sense anymore.
"Oh... Hmm... I'm sorry... I'm usually all alone here, so I'm not giving a thought about someone seeing me."
"No need to apologize, it's perfectly normal... I guess..." – now she looked confused as if she wasn't certain anymore why she even approached me and started the conversation.
"I was just daydreaming... Didn't even notice it... It happens a lot..." – while saying the last few words, I put on a moronic cocky grin, thinking at the same time how stupid and childish it sounded.
Even though I expected that it was a conversation-ender, I noticed the corners of her mouth forming a smile. Only then did I see her towel laying no more than fifteen yards away from mine, on a rock nearby. I decided to pull up some courage and become decent. I didn't want to scare away a woman that was so beautiful and apparently not so shy.
"Err... I come here quite often, and there is usually no one around. I never saw you on the Island before. How come you're here?"
"I just got to the Island yesterday, I'm here with my friend. I couldn't sleep because of the heat, so I went searching for a nice spot to swim. I hope that I'm not intruding, it's just that this place seemed perfect. When I put down my towel, you were all the way across the cove... I didn't, ahem, notice you... Until you floated a bit closer... And then I jumped into the sea. I thought you'd be uncomfortable if you saw me up on the rocks while it was... Up."
"Oh. It's OK. I don't get embarrassed really, it's always more embarrassing for other people. Guess I'm a bit too relaxed on this matter." It was true, I rarely felt embarrassment. I was already of that age where some people stop giving a shit, and, honestly, there was nothing to be embarrassed about. "I usually come here 'cause it's peace and quiet, there's no one around, I can enjoy myself..." – OK, this sounded somewhat ambiguous. To hell with it, she seemed relaxed, so I thought it would be OK to gently test her limits.
There it was! That faint smile spreading from the corners of her mouth. "Oh... That's what you call it... hmm... Then I'll just leave you to enjoy... Yourself... Don't mind me!" The ending of that sentence didn't sound promising, so it was good that I wasn't confused anymore. My hunting instincts we're on.
"OK, thanks. Hope it wasn't uncomfortable for you... Twice!"
She already turned her back to me and started going towards her towel, but she suddenly stopped and seductively turned her head around: "Not at all... Both times." Jackpot!
She continued to move to her towel, and I glanced down her back and at her ass. I stopped and stared. Karma obviously decided to award me plentifully, because this ass was in the same rank as Anita's. A bit wider in the hips, even more heart-shaped, but the same enticing swing left-right. I put the book over my crotch again, just in case, even though I realized that my erection didn't bother her at all. Still, some decency, right?
She laid down on her towel, put the sunglasses on and let the sun rays dry her slowly. I turned my look towards her again and noticed her head quickly turning straight. She was looking at me. I smiled but decided to disregard it. 'Just be cool, not intrusive' – I was telling myself. I continued reading my book, this time for real. I put the earphone in my ear again and let the music and text overflow me. It carried me away and in just a few moments I totally forgot that a beautiful semi-naked woman is lying near me, that there even was anyone around me... The mind went into its own dimension, so, of course, dirty (i.e. pleasant) thoughts came back. It seemed that the arrival on the Island and time off from work have fully liberated the part of my brain in charge of the sexual fantasies. Instead of Anita, this time my hot neighbor walked into my daydream, her prominent nipples dripping droplets of seawater, her sensual licking of her lips, her ass swinging from side to side as she walked in the rhythm of the music playing in my ears. At one moment, my sentient part realized that she was my fantasy, so I turned my head toward her. And saw her staring at me. I was waiting for her to turn her head, but she didn't. I realized she wasn't staring at me, but at it. My fully aroused cock. This time, I had no intention to hide it. I liked being watched. But I didn't want to show her that I know I'm being watched. I continued to "read", eyes covered by sunglasses, leaving my dick in full attention. Not that it was a problem, because when I glanced at her again, I noticed that her nipples have stiffened again. Sexual vibe had spread through the air. I felt the rush of the pleasant energy and suddenly got an extra incentive.
I decided to play a bit with her, just to see how far is she ready to go. I gently stretched one arm downwards and scratched myself over the crotch and balls. Simultaneously (and "accidentally") I pulled back my foreskin, letting the head loose – shine, smooth and hard. And then I continued to read. I took another glance at her. She wasn't looking at me, but I noticed that one of her hands was under the edge of her panties and that her nipples were hard and protruding. She wasn't playing with herself, but it was visible she was thinking about it and that she was feeling the comfort she wasn't expecting to feel in this place at this time. I made her horny. Accidentally, at that. OK, not completely by accident. But now I had trouble holding myself back. Still, I wasn't going to go for complete obviousness...
Suddenly she looked at me and realized I was looking at her, and that I can see her watching me with interest. She relaxed, not suddenly, but rather as if she'd love to continue if it wasn't inappropriate... For fuck's sake, she doesn't even know me, she saw me for the first time in my life, here on this rock. She probably wouldn't even recognize me if I was clothed, but she would definitely remember my cock if she saw it again... She got up and headed towards the sea. She passed by me while watching me with a smile on her face, then she jumped into the sea. I fought the urge to go after her, thinking that it might scare her. The part of my brain that still fought for the control with my lower head decided that I should slow down, so I concluded that it would be wiser to let her, any myself, go for a while. I was consciously diverting my attention from the whole ordeal. My dick also relaxed a bit, and it lay down "looking" straight down towards the sea, towards her swimming, diving underneath the surface, cooling down.
I put both of my earphones in my ears and closed my eyes. I decided to think about something else. It wasn't working. So I decided not to think. That was even harder... I took my player and picked a new song: Pearl Jam – Just Breathe. And it finally carried me away to the Musicland...
Just as I was drifting into a nap caused by the fantastic song and the heat getting stronger and stronger, suddenly I felt the sea spray on me... I opened my eyes and saw her. She was standing next to me – actually, almost directly above me. Naked. Her panties were tied around her wrist. I lowered my eyes and noticed an air-strip of short pubic hair, under which there were beautiful shining pussy lips, one beautiful innie-pussy, all wet from the sea (but not just the sea). I averted the look back to her face and smiled, taking off my earphones.
"Hey. This is really the most comfortable way. And I was thinking, it's not fair that only I get the full view... I have to return the favor" – she said, accentuating the 'return the favor' par.
"I don't intend to protest. The view is beautiful from all angles." The masks were falling down at great speed if there were any. I started to feel that this could be a magnificent morning. She blushed a bit, but there was an immediate jerk in her body.
"Thanks. And I can see he shares your opinion."
I looked down, and he was hard, just like the most of the time. The foreskin unrolled itself, so the head was shining, covered a bit with the juices he was releasing.
"Oh well, I assume you're already used to it."
"Mhmm... I like it, it's nice. No objections there."
"Thank you, from him and from me."
"I'm gonna dry off on my towel."
"Of course."
I was watching her walking, wet and naked, over the rocks to her towel. Firm bare butt (which reminded me of Shakira's, just making me a tad happier) was gently vibrating. She turned her eyes towards me for just a moment and then continued. She started to arrange her towel and slightly bent, but she was careful not to reveal too much, bending a bit at the knees. Still, it caused a new rush of blood into my groin, and my dick twitched a couple more times. I was really horny now, and she was definitely the sole reason. I even completely stopped thinking about Anita.
She lay down on the towel, and her wet naked body was glistening. She bent her legs at the knees a bit as if she was still a bit conscientious of her nudity. Still, she looked in my direction. This time her smile was broad, showing rows of bright white teeth. I returned the smile, but she immediately directed her stare towards my erection. I also checked it out, then made the 'Eh, fuck it' face for a moment, quickly returning the smile to my lips, this time with a devilish note. She raised an eyebrow, seductively and yet with a desire not to seem too interested, but her eyes were telling a different story. She was scanning me head to toe, stopping each time in line with my groin. I copied her move, stopping at her nipples. My cock twitched again. She closed her eyes and turned her head, moving her hands over her stomach and boobs, noticeably squeezing them and gently touching her nipples, then suddenly going into full relax mode. I was fully aware that this was a play now, that there were no coincidences, but I wanted to let her go all the way. It seemed that it would be easier for her. My dick decided to forego any thought of relaxing and stood like a mast in the sun...
After half a minute of lying in silence, watching and taking mental pictures, she suddenly spoke:
"Can I ask you something? I mean, you don't have to answer if you feel bad about it." Ahem, I'm lying next to her with a phenomenal erection that she apparently likes, what could exactly make me feel bad now?
"Shoot..."
"That thing down there... Is it because of me?"
"Honestly - now it is. And I don't feel bad, not at all." I looked down at it and brushed it with my hand, proudly, feeling the already lubricated skin.
She turned to me and looked at me again. I returned the look and noticed that her legs were now relaxed. The pubic mound, covered with just a thin air-strip patch of hair, was now clearly visible... I stopped to look at her crotch for a few seconds, but then I looked back into her eyes. They were sparkling. Suppressed lust was hanging in the air, in the amounts that easily explode once released.
"Soooo, this is how you welcome every girl that comes for a swim?" She asked me, her voice being a tad cuddly.
"Actually, no. Honestly, there is rarely anyone here at this time of year, that's why I come. And even if someone else is here, he" – I pointed to my dick – "is really polite. I guess he relaxed when he noticed you don't mind. Besides, what I'm looking at now is a pretty good reason for him to stay stiff."
"Thanks for the compliment. I must admit I wasn't expecting this when coming here, but I truly like it... Wow, I can't believe I'm saying this out loud!" Her face blushed, and her hands instinctively lowered to cover her bare pussy.
"Look, if that's a problem, I can get dressed." It was my courtesy offer, I probably wouldn't get dresses now even if she asked.
"Ahem... No... The view is... Really pleasant... It's pretty... Jesus..." She looked as if she was losing herself between her built-in social conventions and desires to let her instincts prevail.
"I'm glad you like it. You don't have to be embarrassed. If it's any consolation to you, this isn't an everyday event for me either. On the contrary, I really hope that no one else shows up soon because I'm feeling more and more comfortable in this situation. Especially having something so beautiful and enticing in front of me. Please, just relax."
More than a few moments of semi-awkward silence ensued. I was already starting to doubt that my last sentences were a deal-breaker, when suddenly, she spoke: "Actually, you're right. I have absolutely no reason to be embarrassed, you got a hard-on because of me." This was said with an evident change in her tone of voice. It had a vibe of releasing of all the brakes in her mind. She was smiling again, piercing through me with her stare, not hiding the rush that was emitting from her every pore. She turned sideways and relaxed. She wasn't hiding that she felt comfortable anymore. After a minute or so, she got up and came to me.
"I really don't ever do this" – she started – "but can I sit next to you?" That was it. The point of no return.
"Of course, please do."
I moved a bit to give her room on the towel, and she sat right parallel to my groin. Her skin brushed against my thigh.
"You're hot," she noticed immediately.
"At least two reasons for that. One is the Sun."
She keenly started touching my body – from the chest, over the belly, and down the leg. She was mindful not to touch my cock, but it was still twitching. Her eyes twinkled.
"I can see it is really up and aroused."
"Yes, it is. Same on your side. In can see your nipples are in the same state."
"Mhmm... And not just the nipples."
She smiled, spreading her legs just a tad and moving her hand to her groin. She brushed her finger over her pussy lips and put it back on me. Then she trailed it across my chest and I immediately felt how wet it is. I took a deep breath and shivers went down my spine.
"If you were a man, you would have such a raging hard-on now." Her pussy was so wet that it was clearly visible.
"Sure as hell would. Just like this one" – she gently brushed my dick with the same finger, from the base to the top. All of her fear and shyness disappeared, and her lust and arousal completely took over. My cock got even harder, although I thought it was impossible. I put my hand on her leg and started caressing her, moving towards her inner thighs. She closed her eyes and quietly sighed.
"I can't believe this is happening..." She whispered. She leaned towards me and kissed me. We kissed a succulent and wet kiss. My hands steered themselves towards her. My fingers got tangled in her wet, disheveled hair. Her hand was sliding down my torso, across my belly to my cock. She was touching it softly, down its length and over the balls, and then she grabbed it. It was my turn to sigh in pleasure.
"I'm a bit surprised myself..."
My hands were now all over her body, sliding over her shoulders, hands, belly, tits... I felt her hard nipples under my fingers and started to fondle them...
She spread her legs and moved her free hand to her pussy. I watched as she began to massage herself and play with my crotch simultaneously. She spread her labia and stuck her finger inside. She was playing slowly, pushing her finger in and taking it out in a slow interval; rubbing her clit, wet and bulging, slowly with her palm. I took a look at her face. Her eyes were closed, she was in a trance. The situation took over both of us.
"Play with me" – she whispered gently into my ear while nibbling it – "I want your hands on me." Her hands were now massaging my pulsating cock much faster and with great rhythm.
My hands were rubbing her inner thigh, moving inwards where she was still playing with her clit. I gently brushed her labia, and she gasped. I slowly inserted my finger into her. She was wet, soft and wanting. As I touched her G-spot, she moaned.
Her hand gripped my cock more firmly. I started to finger her faster and harder, circling over spongy swollen crease inside of her, as she was pacing up with the hand-job.
"Get over here, sit on my face" – I ordered her gently. She obeyed without a word and threw her leg over me, putting her wet pussy directly in front of my mouth. She bent down and licked my cock from head to the base, treated my balls with the same delight, then returned to the start and swallowed the head. I put my tongue inside of her, grabbed her buttock with my hands and slammed her on my face. I licked her from the edge of her asshole all the way to her clitoris, then started working on ti. It was hard and swollen, almost removing the soft cover off of it by itself. I put one, and then two fingers inside of her while her juices were leaking all over my nose and my face...
She was swallowing my cock lustfully, taking more and more of it in her mouth, while working the base and the balls with her hand. She was playing with me, massaging me all over the groin. We were pleasuring each other like two entirely possessed people, strangers on a solitary rock, exposed to everything yet still completely isolated from the World in our heads... We were moaning and sighing with our mouths full... I lifted my ass off the ground to push my dick deeper into her mouth, and she readily accepted it, devouring it greedily, licking it, sucking it, jerking it off... She was fucking my fingers, spreading her legs...
I took one finger out of her pussy and gently touched her back hole with it. She flinched...
"Don't... I've never..." It was just some small part of her lost shyness trying to come through "Aaah... Yeah!" – her voice got lost in gusts of pleasure.
Her asshole was now wet and lubricated. I gently pushed my finger inside. She straightened up, arched her back and moaned with approval. I was everywhere in her, and she was eagerly taking me inside her... Everything started to go faster, harder... She was impaling herself on my fingers stuck in both of her holes, on my tongue working her clit. We were getting louder and louder – there was no more stopping. Everything became just one blurred combination of bodies, sweat, juices, moaning, and groaning... She started cumming, and cumming hard – she shook, writhed and began to yell and groan loudly and uncontrollably... Her orgasm ignited an explosion in me! I was cumming in her mouth, twitching and moaning along with her... Our bodies were in uncontrolled joint spasm, spraying each other with juices and sperm... We were both swallowing every drop that reached our mouths... Hands, tongues, lips, it all operated on an insane level of speed... And it lasted, seemingly forever... The time stopped, the place was irrelevant, it was just the orgasm, just that moment of crescendo we didn't want to end...
As it usually is, we slowly subsided. She relaxed and lay on me, still gently caressing my semi-softened dick. I eased my fingers out of her, and she shook, apparently still hypersensitive. We stayed like that for a while. I can't even begin to realize how much time had passed, as we just lay still and listened to each other's breathing.
I looked at her crotch and gently kissed her, as she did the same to me. She got up, turned around and kissed me on the mouth... She swallowed everything. I felt my own taste, as she did hers. She looked at me with the stare of a thousand satisfied women and brushed my hair. I cuddled her back and ass.
"This is definitely not what I had in mind when I was going to the beach this morning." Duh, I was totally expecting it. I have similar encounters in a farmer's market on Wednesdays.
"I'm glad. Unexpected things always end up being the best. Let's jump into the sea!" – I said, 'cause I really needed to cool down.
"Oh definitely, the sun started to bake!" She got up in a second and pulled me up by the hand. We both walked to the edge of a cliff and jumped into a fresh, clear sea...
***
We were swimming, diving, having fun in the sea. Grabbing every opportunity to feel each other out, touch each other where it is pleasant and significant. Finally, we got back to the shore and leaned on a rock, standing in the shallow water. Our wet naked bodies were glistening in the sun, as the water drops slowly slid down our skin. We were still examining each other from head to toe, enjoying the visual experience. It was all laughing, touching, chuckling, fooling around like two children who got their hands on the best toy ever. She was looking at my softened member, laying against my balls, with foreskin now completely covering the head.
"Wow, this is the first time I see it really soft. What, that's it for today?" She gently cuddled it with her hand, and it slowly moved.
"Heh heh... Definitely not, but you did wring it out. It just took a short break." Which, in all honesty, probably won't last longer than a cigarette break.
"It's cute while lying down like this, like a trunk of a small elephant hiding in your belly. Ahem... I've got an idea!" She suddenly got up and went to her stuff. She was pulling something out of her bag, then putting something together, and finally returned to me. She held a camera in her hand. And a serious one, at that. It looked like a really professional model.
She had the devilish smile as she was approaching, and then she stood directly above me. I looked into the lens, so she was pointing at me from the bird's eye perspective. She took a few photos, then started to adjust again. Then she zoomed me in and took another couple of shots. Next she stepped down in the sea, in front of me, trying to put my whole body in the frame. Snap, snap! She took the bottom view perspective, zooming in on my cock. I started to get aroused again, which made my dick flinch and fill with blood again.
"No no no! Leave it down, I need it to be flaccid!"
Oh, darling, I'd give my left ball to have such control over it: "Easier said than done. I'd have to think of something really repulsive, which is the excruciatingly hard thing to do while I'm being photographed by a beautiful woman."
"Imagine me being a naked old hag, my tits hanging down to my belly button level and my stomach fat is folded around my hips. Oh, and I have varicose veins, everywhere."
Yep. That worked. My pecker sucked up inside my body. She came a hair's width from me and was snapping shots from all perspectives. She guided me expertly as if she was doing it for the hundredth time.
"Go up and climb on that big rock over there."
OK, now she was ordering me. "Ma'am Yes Ma'am!" I saluted and obeyed.
I turned around and started climbing while hearing the clicking of the camera. It was going to be a full album. I stepped on the rock and looked at the sea, and the camera was working relentlessly. She was taking pictures of my back now.
"I just realized that your back side is... Ahem... Very tempting" – she noted happily. "There's some quality material here."
"Appreciate the compliment." I was always proud of my ass. I knew it made women interested and I used it shamelessly.
"Turn around slowly" – she continued to guide me – "your side towards me... Now look at me."
I watched her adjusting herself and photographing me. First she was standing, then she squatted, exposing her pussy in full view. She was wet again, her pussy lips were spreading, revealing her pink insides. I was horny and ready for action again.
"Woo-hoo, I see it's awake again!" She said it with almost palpable joy in her voice.
I looked down and saw that my erection is completely full, and she was still relentlessly snapping photos. Now I started to pose, mixing serious, sexy and complete buffoonery. The level of arousal grew, along with the volume of cock. Tip of the head was protruding through the foreskin, all red and shiny. Her nipples, which got relaxed as she dried off, now stiffened again.
"You don't seem immune either."
"What can I say? I love doing nudes, and I definitely luuuv a hard male organ" – she accentuated each of the last three words. "An irresistible combination."
I pulled out my No. 1 smile. "You're free to say 'cock.' It's sexy when I hear a woman calling it like that in this type of situation, it doesn't even count as a swear word."
She nodded: "I'll think about it. Now grab it in your hand... Play with it, slowly. I wouldn't want this session to end prematurely."
"I'll try not to cum before the young madam gives me permission." I was attempting to keep the straight face while saying that, but it was impossible. So I laughed, and she took some more pictures. She was catching every frame, each detail of my face, chest, stomach, back, ass, dick... She continued to take pictures, but somehow her setup and focus were getting a bit off. She was getting closer, zooming, rotating the camera, widening the frame, readjusting me.
"Lay down on the rock, on your back."
I complied without complaint. I put one of my hands leisurely behind my head while using my other hand to play with my crotch. She stood directly above my head now. Her moist cunt was directly in my line of sight. She squatted, getting lower and lower until she almost sat on my face, so I could feel the fullness of her scent. I tried to touch her with my tongue, but she anticipated it and quickly moved away.
"Oh no, we aren't done yet!" She exclaimed, covering her pussy with her hand.
"Who said we are. I can just see that your puss is on full alert."
She slid her fingers over her pussy lips, then stuck her finger inside and pulled it out and quickly put it in my mouth. I slowly licked and sucked the juices off of it. They tasted phenomenal. I tried not to speed up my jerking rhythm, so I moved my hand to my balls and taint. I was gently squeezing and massaging them while my pecker was vibrating.
"You like it, huh. You like the taste of my fanny, admit it!"
"Oh yeah. It's so fresh, I can feel how pleasantly surprised she is with this morning."
"And I'm getting so horny from photographing you aroused. And I'm getting even hornier from feeling so free, I can't even recognize myself!"
"It's not any everyday occurrence for me either. And that means that it's time for the next step..." I got up and stood next to her. I kissed her and took the camera in my hands: "It's your turn to model. Let's see if that talent works on both sides of the lens."
"Whose talent, yours or mine?" She asked widening her grin.
"Whichever side you want it to be."
I examined the camera for a few moments, just to get the basics. Meanwhile, she laid on the rock next to me. I started taking pictures. First I tried to play innocently, avoiding explicit shots, and she followed the game. She covered her tits and crotch with her hands and her face with her hair.
"Hey hey! Don't be afraid. It's your camera, you're free to smile."
"You're right." But she didn't smile. She looked at the lens with a look teeming with sexual energy. My dick sprung a bit more upwards, which she noticed and moved her hand from her tits. She put her finger in her mouth and started to suck it, slowly, staring directly into the camera, and then at my cock. She turned sideways, and then on her stomach, raising her hips from the ground and stuck her ass out. Now I was snapping photo after photo while she was liberating more and more. Suddenly she sat on the rock and spread her legs, first hiding her pussy with her hand, then removing it. She was getting explicit, getting hornier and pointing it out to me and to the camera lens. She fondled her boobs, lowering her hand and playing with herself, spreading her labia and rubbing her knob. I took pictures from every possible angle, feeling my hard-on being so hard that every vein popped out.
"You are gorgeous" – I told her barely stopping myself from diving between her legs.
"I want you... I want your cock... There, I said it. I'm sooo wet and I feel naughty."
She fingered herself slowly, and I was shooting close-ups. I came closer and closer to her, finally kneeling right next to her head. She didn't hesitate, lustfully grabbing my swollen member in her hand and licking it from tip to base. I was taking photos of that moment while she was looking directly into the camera lens, grinning around her head. She started sucking on it lasciviously, enjoying the fact that the moment was memorized for eternity. She played with it, using her fingers to massage my balls, then behind it, over the gooch and all the was to my asshole. I flinched, experiencing another wave of pleasure.
"Whoa! I guess I can expect anything from you now." I was pleasantly surprised by her boldness. Most of the women I've been with weren't exactly ready for such type of play, whatever the reason, and especially not from the start.
"You like it?" She asked with her lips touching the tip of my knob.
"If it feels good, I'm always up for it. Keep going."
She continued to play with me, licking my cock, then the balls, going back and suddenly deepthroating it. Her hand and her tongue were everywhere, her fingers were playing with my anus, she was working as if she'd love to swallow me whole. I set the camera to video recording.
"Say something for memento" – I invited her after pushing the 'ON' button.
"I want you inside me... Fuck me..."
"With pleasure."
She turned around and set herself in a doggy-style pose. I put my dick at her wet entrance and started to massage it with the tip. She moaned... I went down to her clit, then back up. I was delaying the push, circling around her pussy and her clitoris, then putting the tip of the head inside her. I was swaying my hips, and she was spreading and groaning more intensely. I pulled it completely out, then put it back in, each time half an inch more. I started fucking her with slow, long thrusts. She was taking me without any resistance, slowly gyrating her hips. Her inside was blazing hot, her ass was spread wide. I recorded every thrust, zooming on her juices that were lubricating my shaft. I used my free hand to gently caress her back, all the was up to her head. I caught her hair and pulled it back, ramming her harder. The 'splat' of the colliding bodies was heard, making us both moan a bit louder. I put down the camera, setting it so that it can film the action, grabbed her hips and increased the pace. My balls were slamming into her, my cock was sliding in and out of her, fully lubricated and hard as steel. She was twisting, ramming back into me in synchronized motion. Suddenly she extended one arm all the way to her asshole and begun working on it herself. Already wet and relaxed hole let her finger slip inside with ease, and she yelled even louder.
"Do this to me, I want you inside here too..." She cried out fingering her asshole.
She pulled out her finger and let me in. I pulled my cock out of her and smeared her juices over her ass with it. I was considering putting it in her ass for a moment but decided it wasn't the time for it. I took it back in her wet and hot pussy and used my thumb on her already prepared pucker. Immediately I felt myself through the thin barrier dividing the two orifices and it upped my pleasure level even more. She was losing control, rubbing her clit furiously, moaning and yelling loud, wanting, feeling the impending climax.
"Harder, hardeeeer... Give it to me! Oh yes!"
I started fucking her like there was no tomorrow. My finger was in her ass all the way down, sliding all wet from her juices while I was ramming her with all my strength. I didn't know what was louder – our moaning or slamming of my pelvis into her buttocks. We didn't care anymore; we wouldn't be aware of our surroundings even if we were in the middle of the busy intersection. I felt her shivering from the inside, she was screaming with her voice and with her body. It began. Jerk after jerk, her back arching, she was starting to cum. Her voice changed, her crotch went into spasm, I felt spray after spray of her juices flooding my cock, seeping out all over my balls and my groin. I didn't want it to stop and I just kept on drilling her without pause. I wanted her to cum as long as she could muster the strength for it. She grabbed and squeezed my balls, then returned her hand back to her clit...
After some time, and it's really hard to tell how much time as it seemed to last a moment and an eternity at the same time, I felt her orgasm started to subside. Her insides relaxed, her ass stopped gyrating and she let herself slip down with her head on the bedrock. I pulled my cock out and gave her a moment to calm down.
She turned her face towards me, her pussy wide open, red, swollen, with her clitoris still pulsating. She was glaring at me, still hard, veiny and ready to continue...
"You're not done yet?!" She asked, all in wonder.
"I just warmed up" – exaggerating a bit, I was even panting a bit – "I can always last really long second time." That was true, I was lucky in that aspect. More often than not it was a big plus for me, and it seemed like a definite plus now.
She got up and kissed me all over my knob, belly, chest and finally in my mouth. Her eyes were now saying: 'Still horny, but relaxed.'
"Is the camera filming the whole time?" She asked, looking me straight into my eyes.
"Yep!"
"It would be a shame if this movie didn't end in a way that every such film must end."
She threw a most devilish smile I have yet seen on her face. She took the camera and stepped right in front of me. She filmed me from top to bottom.
"Play with yourself. Oh, and wave to the camera."
I took my cock in my hand and started to slowly stretch my foreskin up and down, just enough for it to twitch. She was watching me and filming me simultaneously.
"I'd like to say Hi to my classmates..." I started to play dumb immediately.
"Oh no, please no. You're making me feel like a pedophile."
"OK... I'd like to say hi to the camerawoman so that she will remember this moment when browsing through her dirty movies collection. I even salute her, in full alert."
"Oh yes, it is full alert, there's no doubt about it... I even like it more than I would ever expect."
I was still jerking it off while she was circling around me and zooming the details. Her hand was instinctively moving across her body, she was shamelessly standing on the rock and fondling her breasts and belly, lightly touching her overly sensitive pussy. "Ahmmm... I'm so electrified. I'm wet again..."
"I better check that."
She came to me and gently touched me with her wet fingers, moving them over my lips, neck and shoulders. She looked down and noticed that I was still slowly masturbating. My other hand was slid over her leg and she focused the camera on that. I went over her thigh to her splendidly inflamed and opened pussy. She flinched, she was really sensitive. I gently spaced apart her labia and slowly put my finger inside her, and she just adjusted a bit so that it could enter her all the way...
"Oh yes... I still want you inside me. And the finger is not nearly enough."
"Be my guest, sit down."
She set herself up over my cock without hesitation, this time in a reverse cowgirl position and slowly, really slowly let it slip back into her... She was flooded on the inside. I was entering her inch by inch, spreading her so that she can feel every bit of it filling her up. When she sat herself down all the way, she took a couple of seconds to settle and then easily started with up and down motion, moving her hips in circles as she did that. It was scorching hot outside, but she didn't seem to mind one bit. I let her lead and she happily accepted it. She arched her back towards me, and I lifted my buttocks from the ground. I kissed her neck while her ass was swirling on my pelvis. She started to moan again...
There was a 'puck-puck' of an old boat engine echoing in the distance, seagulls were flying above us, crickets residing in a nearby grove gave an idyllic soundtrack to our sex, but we didn't really notice any of it at that moment. Only our body odors and sounds of colliding sweaty, lubricated skin.
She got up, and a thread of mixed juices stretched between my cock and her pussy. She turned around and straddled me again, this time face to face. I got up so we were both in a sitting position. We kissed hard, sensually, our tongues entangled while she was impaling herself on my sword. She bit my lip while moaning louder and louder with each thrust. Now it was me on the brink of climax, but I delayed it as much as possible. I slowed her down, then sped her up, taking control over the tempo. I felt her swollen clit sliding over my pubic bone. Our fucking got more intensive, I felt as if her pussy wanted to engulf my whole body...
The World was waking up, but it didn't exist for us yet. There was our little bubble, the entire universe of her and me and nothing else – and everything else that existed only for other people. Something made me look to the left, where I saw some couple, not more than fifty yards from us. They were looking for a spot. I decided to ignore them, they just didn't belong in our space-time now. I wasn't planning on saying anything, and there was no chance in hell of stopping now. I was only worried how she will react once she notices them.
"Oh, ooooh..." She was moaning with her eyes closed. Suddenly, as if she felt someone's presence, she looked directly into the arriving couple. She stopped for a moment... And then continued.
"You don't mind them?" I whispered into her ear.
"I don't give a fuck about them now. Fuck me! If they mind, who gives a damn."
This was my seventh heaven call. I lifted my ass up and started ramming into her. She accepted the tempo and synchronized. We were sweaty, wet, full of bodily juices, enjoying ourselves and completely ignoring our surroundings. I looked in her eyes. She laughed with her eyes and mouth, biting her lips and loudly moaning. I felt her twitching on my dick, squeezing it with her pussy, spinning her pelvis so that it can touch every bit of her insides. I felt my orgasm arriving without any possibility to hold it back. I became loud, our bodies slamming into each other got louder. I snapped... I was jerking uncontrollably. My orgasm was so intense that I had a feeling that I'll crack the rock on which we were screwing. I stared directly into her eyes as I was cumming, wave after wave, deep inside of her. She began to lose control immediately and started to cum again. We were screaming in pleasure, without the slightest grain of control. Her pussy clutched my dick like a meat grinder, which in turn squeezed additional spurs of sperm out of me. We were both twisted in unbelievable ecstasy. I was already drained, but she kept going. Her climax lasted and lasted...
She felt me softening up, which made her slow down until she stopped altogether. She eased up and lowered her head to suck all the juices off of my limp member. Then she raised herself back to my eye level and kissed me. We tasted magnificent. And we kissed, ever so more gently...
And then we both looked in the direction of the people that were arriving... Surprise! It was a couple, around our age. They were standing not more than ten yards from us, practically on her towel. They were also naked, and they were evidently watching us for a while. He had a substantive erection, while she had a cautious stance, although her eyes showed that she was mentally recording every second of our little performance.
We smiled at them, both of us. Shit, there was no point in turning on the self-conscious mode now. They started to spontaneously applause us, and we waved them thanks, which made all four of us laughing. They got up and went into the sea. And we noticed it was practically noon. Well, not noon, but as hot and as bright as if it was already noon.
"If I only knew..." She said, purring.
"Yep, a morning swim with something more than an excellent book on the side."
"I could go on, you know..."
"Ahem... Look, let's not overdo it." I needed some rest. At the same time, I wanted to keep going forever. All the stress, tiredness, all negativity evaporated out of me after that morning.
She laughed, staring at my obviously drained dick, laying completely limp on its left side.
"Don't worry, I'll give you some break. Oh, and by the way – my name is Lara."
I introduced myself, we gave each other a hearty handshake and immediately started laughing like crazy. It actually seemed surreal, like some fantasy that everyone wants to experience, but doesn't ever expect it to really happen.
"You really surprised me. You are a fascinating woman."
"Who did something she only fantasized about until now."
"Well, the audience was entertained."
"Yeah. That was definitely the moment where I went over all of my known boundaries." She said that in a slightly shy, but still confident tone of voice.
"From what I could see, he liked you" – I pointed to the new arrival who was currently floating with his other half in the sea, his cock still semi-erect. "He's full of energy, I'm just not sure if she would be willing to borrow him to you." I said that half-jokingly and half-hopefully. I didn't know why the idea seemed so attractive suddenly.
She smacked me on the shoulder with a smile: "Whoa, one at a time, I can't go through the whole menu in one morning. Let's go for a swim now."
We got up from the rock we were on and noticed that the camera is still filming. She took it in her hands and pointed it towards our faces.
"Dear camera... Thank you for recording on of the special moments" – she said with a distinctive pleasure in her voice. We kissed and she turned it off.
***
After such a World Series level fuck, we spent the rest of the morning swimming, fooling around and talking. Of course, Lara moved her towel next to mine, so we seemed like a very ordinary couple from the outside. Our "audience" picked a rock some twenty yards away from us, but they were not nearly as audacious as us, spending their time in swimming, sunbathing, staring in the distance (he) and reading some celebrity magazine (her).
Anyway, I learned that Lara was a designer and that she's also into photography (nooo, really?). We lived in the same City and we've never met, not even in the same places where we used to hang out. She was on the Island for the first time, and she came yesterday afternoon with her friend (also unknown to me) to heal from recent and not-so-recent break-ups. They took an apartment in the Town. Her friend decided to sleep in, but Lara was awoken at dawn by the heat so she decided to scan for a good beach spot. She passed by my cottage and said how it was phenomenal, and I just had to brag that it was mine. Of course, she was delighted about it. I invited her to a dinner, and she said she'll definitely come one evening.
She had no idea why she picked a spot on the beach so near me. Basically, when she came she just saw me swimming in the distance, and later it felt stupid to run away. Also, she was too curious when she saw me raise the mast. She had a lovely laugh.
Some time, just about the lunchtime, we concluded we were hungry. Actually, I concluded I was hungry, and she suddenly realized that she completely forgot about her friend, forgot to even check her phone and that she was generally horrible, as they both made a pact that this week on the Island will be about two of them and two of them only. Well, that didn't last long. She called her friend and apologized – lying that she fell asleep in the shade. Anyway, she decided to go and meet up with her.
"Are we gonna see each other again while you're here?" I asked, sounding even a bit pathetically. However, she accepted my question with a big smile.
"Of course we will. I just need to give my friend some attention now, she's not in the best place ever since she broke up with her boyfriend." She said that almost apologetically.
"Hey, no problem. Look, the Island is tiny: there is the Town, the Village on the hill and a couple of vacation houses like mine. You need a car to go to the other end of the Island, but that's something we can decide on. Anyway, you know where I'm at. People don't call to meet up here, they just meet randomly, that's the beauty of this place."
"OK, then I'll find you. Or maybe you'll find me. Or maybe we'll just bump into each other..." She used an incredibly sexy tone of voice in that last sentence, making my exhausted dick manage a slight twitch upwards.
She got dressed (more precisely, she wrapped her naked body in a sarong), took her stuff, kissed me goodbye and left towards the Town. I watched as her ass swung as far as I could see her, and then decided to go for a swim before returning to the cottage and grabbing a bite.