For the reader: Be forewarned that this story presents a subject that is considered risqué in most circles. If you are not prepared to read about consensual incest (maybe not technically but at least socially) between step-father and step-daughter please move on to a different story. The story is one of fiction and the characters are all above the age of consent. I have tried to write it as realistically as possible but it should be treated as the fiction that it is, no more, no less. If you have not read Chapters 1 through 5 of the story I highly recommend it to "set-the-stage" and give the reader a sense the circumstances leading up to this chapter.
The story is truly designed to be read in entirety and is mainly broken up into chapters to provide an easier reading experience. Her innocence is lost, but will her virginity be next or will she save herself? What does the future hold for this young woman and her step-father? This is the exciting conclusion to a long story. I hope that the slow and tentative build-up has given a truly erotic, believable experience to the readers. This is the first story that I have ever written so I do look forward to any comments or constructive criticism that you may have. I already have plans for a sequel to this story but would like to get some reader feedback before I spend a lot of time writing it. Tell me what you think.
*
For the next few days I found my mind reeling over thought of the events of the past few months. I recalled how things had started changing between my step-daughter and me shortly after her eighteenth birthday, first with her grinding her hips and ass into my groin and later her hand causing my dick to slightly swell and my very first impure thoughts about her. As things progressed, she had gotten bolder and actually held my dick in her hand, placed my hand on her bare breasts, walked in on me naked and gave me a hand job watching me ejaculate, and later held me between her thighs to dry hump me. She had gone out and purchased some sexy lingerie and had worn it for me on a few occasions, bared her breasts to my sight, and even flaunted some of the lingerie in front of her mother. The past weekend, however, was the clincher; she had put my dick against her bare pussy and cum all over it and the following night had ended up with the tip inside of her, cumming against her still intact hymen. Our actions had gone from a normal father/daughter relationship to just shy of having intercourse in a relatively short period of time. If I had been asked if I could ever imagine this a few months ago I would have laughed but now I felt myself longing after the young woman that I had raised.
I wanted more. There was a small part of me that secretly desired to bring her to full womanhood and take her cherry but I would have been more than happy to merely continue what we had already been doing. The fact that most of this had happened in the presence of the rest of the family without their knowledge added to the excitement.
The day following our last episode was a normal Sunday for the family. My step-daughter had a slight glow about her and didn't seem bothered in the least that things had gone further than even she had planned. I had been a little bit concerned that she would be awkward around me, possibly even causing us to be discovered but luckily nothing of the sort happened.
Once during the course of the day, we found ourselves alone for a few quick minutes in the kitchen and she quickly came over to me and planted a quick kiss on my lips.
"Thanks for last night, Dad," she commented.
I opened my mouth to start to say something and she quickly put her index finger against my lips in a sign to remain quiet.
"It was wonderful," she continued. "I didn't expect THAT to happen, but I'm so glad that it did. I loved it. And..."
She paused for what seemed a very long while and then finished her thought.
"After I went upstairs, tasted us together...it was sooooo good."
She then put a slightly coy expression on her face and hooked the very tip of her finger in her mouth giving me a demure look while at the same time appearing playfully innocent.
"Together," she went on, "was better than when I tasted you a few weeks ago and better than when I have tasted myself when I masturbate."
"I liked it so much that it got me horny again and I had to play with myself just to be able to go to sleep."
The thought of her lying in bed fingering herself had me tenting my pants under the bar counter in no time.
She then began "I want to..." but the thought went unfinished when one of her brothers walked back in the room.
I spent the rest of the day wondering how she had intended to finish that sentence.
Tuesday morning, just before my lunch hour I got a call from my wife who had, unfortunately, just been delivered some bad news. She had just gotten off of the phone with her mother and had been told that her Dad was in the hospital. Apparently, my mother-in-law was pretty distraught so my wife wanted to go visit and, if nothing else, offer some moral support. I told my wife to see what flights were available and assured her that we would figure out the finances to make it work. I assumed that I'd be fending for myself for a while but knew that I could handle it.
That evening, I got home and gave my wife a big hug. "How'd it go?" I asked.
"Well," she replied, "I found some seats for tomorrow morning but I have to change them now."
"Why, what's the problem?" I asked.
"I had completely forgotten about the spring tryouts on Thursday. You know how important they are and they're just one day only."
She was talking about our daughter's Track and Field tryouts. She had been competitive for years and, I knew, would be devastated to not make the team in her Senior year; especially after she missed the all-state team by less than a half second last year. She was intent on making it this year but wouldn't even get the opportunity unless she was on the team.
My wife continued, "and the Science Fair next week."
Our 14 year old son was a big science geek and had been working on his project for over a month now with one of his buddies. The fair was schooled to be next Wednesday.
"You should be back by then, right?" I asked.
"Probably," she replied, "but he told me that he has to take observations on the experiment this weekend and then the two of them need to put all of the findings together for the presentation."
"Are you OK with looking after them for a few days? I know that you have to work but they are old enough to pretty much take care of themselves so you shouldn't need to really do much."
Knowing that she was right and seeing how the timing couldn't be worse for the two kids, I conceded. "I'm not too busy at work right now so I'll try to get home a little earlier than normal to help them out. When do you think that you'll be coming back?"
My wife responded "I'm not sure but I imagine that we should know more within the next few days."
The decision was pretty much made that my wife and our youngest would head across the country and I would stay with the two older kids. My wife headed off to change the reservations and then to call her mother and let her know that the two of them would be coming out. The rest of the night was spent packing and the following morning I dropped them off at the airport on my way to work.
That evening I returned home from work to find that the kids were chipping in to keep things running smoothly around the house. My son had taken care of a bunch of the routine chores and my step-daughter was already preparing dinner. Shortly after dinner we got a call from my wife to let us know that they had arrived safely and that her dad was in critical condition but was considered stable. She didn't yet know when they would be coming home but I reassured her that we had things under control and to help her mother as much as she could, taking whatever time she needed and not worrying about us.
The next morning I wished my step-daughter luck on her tryouts and headed off to work. Knowing that she would be coming home late from school, I tried to wrap as much up as possible yet still get home early enough to help my son out with things and not leave him home alone too long.
When I did get home, I found him deep into his homework and excited about the final stage of his science project that was coming to a close. After a long dissertation about all that remained for him to do, he asked if he could spend the weekend at his friend's house. He cited how much time they would save by not having to go back and forth across town all weekend. He and his buddy had apparently already given this speech to the friend's parents because he through in that it was OK with them. I wasn't really worried about them getting in trouble because I knew how big a deal this project was to my son but was a little concerned that the two boys would end up driving the parents crazy being there for the entire weekend. I gave them a call and was reassured that it was alright with them and we agreed that he would go over there after school on Friday and would be home by dinner on Sunday.
Right as I was getting ready to put dinner on the table, my step-daughter burst in the door and virtually jumped into my arms. "I made it Dad!" she exclaimed, giddy like a little schoolgirl. I really hadn't had any doubt that she would make the cut but was excited for her none the less and congratulated her telling her that we should celebrate.
She simply told me "not tonight, Dad. I'm just too tired."
The three of us enjoyed our dinner and a little conversation afterward, heading to our respective rooms fairly early.
I wasn't ready to actually go to sleep yet so after getting ready for bed and stripping naked as I usually sleep, I settled into bed and decided to read for a bit. A little while later I heard a light knock at the door. Immediately following the knock, it slowly opened and my step-daughter poked her head into the room.
"Good, you're still awake," she commented and entered my bedroom closing the door behind her.
By the light of my bedside table lamp I could see that she was wearing that black nightie again and as she crossed the room was able to get a better look at it. I couldn't help but remark its simple elegance to myself. Although the nightie was terribly simple, small shoulder straps followed by plain black silk draping down to mid-thigh, the designer had done their job well, cutting the fabric so that it draped nicely over the female form and accentuated curves in just the right places. It was a perfect fit on her and hung loosely over her pert breasts while at the same time outlining them beautifully. It tapered in at the waist and hugged her hips without being snug yet barely had a wrinkle in the material. If I didn't know better I would have almost thought that it had been made for her it fit so perfectly.
She came right over to the bed and climbed onto it, lying down on top of the comforter next to me. "Dad, can you do me a favor?" she asked.
"Sure. What do you need honey?" I responded.
"I was wondering if you would make moussaka for dinner tomorrow," she commented, talking about one of her favorite dishes. "You wanted to celebrate my making the team and that would be the perfect present for me," she continued.
It was a little labor intensive but not really hard to make, sort of like lasagna, and we already had most of the ingredients so I told her that I would be happy to make it and was already thinking about some things that I could make with it to have a nice celebration dinner with her.
"Thanks," she exclaimed and leaned over giving me a huge hug. She relaxed her arms from the embrace but left them around me and leaned her head down onto my chest. Her fingers started lightly playing with my chest hairs and she mumbled something that I couldn't really understand so I simply put my arm around her shoulders and held her.
After a little while I felt her finger stop moving and assumed that she had fallen asleep so I returned to my book to finish the chapter and go to sleep myself. I couldn't see her face but my step-daughter seemed so comfortable that I didn't have the heart to wake her and left her where she was. About ten minutes later I had finished the chapter that I was on, had just placed the book on the nightstand, and was about to reach over and turn out the light when I felt her move.
Thinking at first that my movement had woken her a little, I was about to suggest that she head to her bed and get some sleep when her hand ran down my chest and under the covers to my groin. I felt her momentarily pause at my pubes and run her fingers through them for a second before continuing down until she had rounded my dick and was cupping my balls in her hand, massaging them gently. She rolled them around in her palm a little before returning to the now stiffening cock next to them and stroking it to full hardness.
Once it was hard she let go of it and used her arm to push back the covers exposing my nudity. She scooted her body back slightly and let her head drop to just above my groin as she resumed her hold on my dick. I still couldn't see her face but could only imagine how close she was to my dick since every now and then I could feel a warm breath hit my exposed skin as she stroked me.
The hand job was feeling wonderful that I leaned my head back with my eyes closed and was simply enjoying the sensation. I was suddenly shocked out of my reverie when I felt her warm, wet mouth envelop me. This was not the tentative lick from her first hand job, nor even placing the tip in her mouth from the second. My step-daughter was sliding her mouth right down my shaft, already about two inches down and going deeper with each stroke.
I couldn't really see anything until she was almost halfway down and shifted onto her elbows, positioning her mouth directly over my dick and allowing a small view between our bodies. She would slide up until only the head remained in her mouth and then gently glide back down trying to go a little bit further each time.
Based on past conversations I did not believe that she had sucked a dick before but she seemed to take to it naturally. She had been going for over five minutes and I hadn't felt her teeth scrape my shaft even once. She was keeping me well lubricated and was swirling her tongue around the head and down the shaft as she blew me. She had even continued stroking me with her hand as she tried to take me all the way into her mouth. A little over half of my eight inches was in her now and I could feel the head hitting the back of her throat each time she went down but even though she seemed to be having more difficulty going further she had not gagged at all. She kept a nice steady pace that was as she was making love to my cock and I was simply attached to it.
Knowing that my son's room was just down the hall I was trying hard to remain quiet but was still moaning routinely to the feeling of my step-daughter's mouth around me. About fifteen minutes into the blow job I felt ready to explode and warned her but it only seemed to fire her up more.
She had managed to take about six inches into her mouth that night. She sped up the rate of bobbing her head up and down my shaft and tightened her lips slightly as she did. She also stopped stoking the remaining shaft in her hand and held it firmly at the base, encircling it with her thumb and forefinger while the remaining fingers cupped my balls.
As soon as she felt me start to pulse in her hand, she went down as far as she could take me and held me there while continuing to lick the underside of my cock. A few seconds later I exploded in her mouth and saw her greedily swallow it all, this time not missing a single drop.
Slowly retracting off of my softening dick, she looked up at me and gave a little hum.
She then slid up the bed, gave me a quick kiss, and laid down while pulling the covers over both of us.
"Goodnight Dad," she stated as she rolled over as if there was nothing more to be said.
Not knowing what else to say and unwilling to throw this beauty out of my bed, I simply replied "goodnight sweetheart" and turned out the light.
We slept the rest of the night snuggled together with my arm over her.
We both awoke to the sound of my alarm clock the next morning and she quickly headed off to her own room before her brother woke up and found her in my room. I headed off to the shower and began to get ready for work. By the time that I left, both kids were up, showered and dressed, and were eating breakfast. I said my goodbyes and told my son that I wanted him to give me a call on Saturday to let me know how things were going and to make sure that he wasn't overstaying his welcome with his friend's parents.
As I left work that afternoon, I remembered my promise to my step-daughter and stopped by the grocery store to pick up the remaining items that I needed for the dinner. I decided to make it a nice dinner since it would just be the two of us so I got a few extra items to go with the dinner and the ingredients that I would need to make a nice desert.
As soon as I got home, I knew that I needed to get right to work so I dropped my briefcase off in the office, swung by my bedroom and hung my suit jacket up, and headed back down to the kitchen and put a cook's apron on over the rest of my work clothes. A few hours later I had the main course in the oven, the prep work for the sides was complete and they were ready to cook when the timing was right, had set the table for two, and I was making the desert when my step-daughter got home from school.
She came into the kitchen through the dining room and had obviously noticed the full place settings using our fine china and crystal, candlesticks, and small vase with three rose buds just beginning to open on the table. As she walked over and gave me a hug and kiss hello she commented, "Wow, Dad. Looks...and smells nice. You really went all out for this." She then gave both of us a quick "once over" and asked "how long before it is ready?"
I told her that it would be ready in a little over a half hour and saw her check the clock. "Can you make it closer to six?" she asked giving herself another 15 minutes. "I need to clean up and get ready."
Checking the clock myself and running through my head the status of all of the dishes, I replied "sure, hon; we can do six."
She then quickly headed upstairs to get ready shouting "thanks" as she hurried off.
Six o'clock came around and I had served up the plates and put them in the oven to keep them warm, the salads were on the table, and I lit the candles on the table. I had decided to open a nice bottle of Sirah to go with the dinner and allowed it to breathe a bit before finally pouring each of us a glass. Just as I was beginning to wonder what had happened to her, I heard footsteps coming down the stairs.
To say that she made quite an entrance would be an understatement. My step-daughter walked in the dining room wearing a simple black cocktail length dress that I vaguely remembered her having gotten for her orchestra concert just before Christmas. What I couldn't remember through was the dress looking even remotely that sexy just a few months ago. During the concert, she had kept everything simple wearing black flats, little to no makeup, hair pulled back in a ponytail to keep it out of her face as she played, and simple jewelry. The sight before me now was drastically different and despite coming to dinner a few minutes late I wondered how she pulled it off in such a short time. She had left her hair down and styled a gentle wave in it when she dried it. Her light tresses contrasted nicely with the black dress. Her makeup was applied exquisitely, accentuating her natural beauty without appearing that she was really wearing makeup except for the dark red lipstick that gave her lips a full appearance. The jewelry that she selected added a glimmer of gold with the dangling earrings swaying under her hair as she moved and the necklace drawing just the right amount of attention to the gentle swell of her breasts. She had added black nylons with a seam running down the back and little decorative flourish where they met her matte silk high heels to the look that elongated her legs and completely changed the look of the dress. The vision of beauty before me was of a woman in her mid-twenties, not of an eighteen year old girl.
The look on my face must have been priceless because when she saw my reaction to her appearance, her face lit up in a big smile and she asked "do you like?" The question needed no response since my expression gave all the answer that she needed.
We sat down and thoroughly enjoyed our dinner starting with salads and following with the Greek lemon soup that I had made to go with the main course that she had asked me to make. The moussaka had turned out perfectly as had the green beans with slivered almonds. As wonderful as the food was, the conversation was great and I found it very nice to have such a nice adult discussion with my step-daughter, something that we hadn't done in some time. We took our time, enjoying a nice leisurely pace and finally finished up with chocolate mousse topped with homemade whipped cream and a drizzle of Grand Marnier. Not to "toot my own horn" but the experience was right out of a fine dining restaurant.
We finished desert about eight o'clock and decided to finish our wine and discussion in the family room. I kept the lights dim, turned on some quiet music and lit the fireplace. To make for easier conversation we were sitting on separate couches catty-corner so that we could look at one another as we talked. A short while later, the bottle of wine was empty and I thought that it would be alright for her to enjoy an after-dinner drink with me as well since neither of us had to work or go to school the next morning. She may have only been eighteen but my wife and I had raised her in more of a European style when it came to alcohol so I didn't think that one drink or the wine that we had imbibed during dinner would be a big deal.
As we finished our drinks just before nine, she expressed a desire to watch something together and I left her to make a selection while I cleaned up a little. I returned and took my seat just as she finished putting a disc in the player and she came over to sit down right next to me. She kicked off her heels, tucked her feet up under her and snuggled against my side as the film started to roll.
Her selection had been a romantic comedy that we both enjoyed and we had stayed basically as we were the entire time. Her body was tight against mine and her head was lying against my shoulder. Part way through, she had put her arms around me in a loving embrace. Now that she was this close to me, I noticed a faint, yet intoxicating odor, of a subtle perfume. It served to remind me just how sexy she was and how much my little girl had grown up and was truly a young woman now.
As the movie ended and we turned everything off in preparation to go to bed I couldn't help but remark to myself what a wonderful evening it had been. We walked upstairs together with her in front of me and I rapidly noticed what a gorgeous ass my step-daughter had. Her hips had just the right amount of curve to them and caused a gentle sway of her dress as she climbed the stairs.
We walked down the hall and I barely paid attention that we had continued right past her room until we had reached mine. Upon entering the room, she turned around, dropped the heels that she was carrying on the floor, and faced me, giving me a loving hug and a warm wet kiss that seemed to last forever.
Breaking from our embrace, she undid my tie and began to unbutton my dress shirt, still not having said a single word since heading upstairs. She finished with my shirt and removed it, ran her fingers lightly over my chest, and led me over to my bed. She undid my belt buckle and slacks and had me sit down on the edge of the bed.
I then watched as she knelt down and remove my shoes and socks and began to pull my trousers down. I lifted my hips slightly to allow her to remove the pants and after pulling them around my ankles she arose to give me another kiss, leaving me sitting in my boxers while she was still fully dressed.
Fully standing now, she backed away from the bed slightly and reached behind her, sliding the zipper of the dress down. Slowly, the material of the dress loosened around her chest and then, with a little shrug, exposed her bare shoulders and bra straps. She crossed her arms in front of her and gave a gentle tug on the dress, allowing it to slide down and expose more skin under her neck. She continued removing the dress extremely slowly, tantalizingly exposing each inch of her skin followed by her bra.
I found my mind flittering to the memory of the "too large" shopping bag that I had glimpsed in her room when, once again, I failed to recognize ever having seen her bra in the laundry. It was an elegant piece of lingerie with demi-cups made entirely of lace that came to just barely above her nipples. Even in the dim light of the room I could easily see her pale skin through the lace and make out the hardness of her nipples. As I sat there entranced, she continued removing the dress slowly down her stomach until, just below her navel; my arousal was obvious through the boxers.
Her dress' downward path continuing, I soon sighted more of the same black lace that her bra was made of. As the dress reached the apex of her hips, I briefly started to see more skin again and realized that she was wearing a garter belt. Despite the fact that it performs a functional role, it was a piece of lingerie that I have always found extremely sexy. My view was next given a slow exposure of a tiny pair of black silk panties to complete the set. Immediately after that, the resistance of her hips left the dress and gravity took over, dropping the dress in a pile around her feet and exposing lacey tops to the stockings attached to the bottom of the garter belt. I could not imagine anything more perfect than the vision of beauty before me.
After allowing my eyes to drink up the view for a moment, my step-daughter slowly turned around in a complete circle giving me the 360 view of her body. The small panties that I had seen from the front appeared almost non-existent in the rear with nothing more than a small strip of fabric running in between her cheeks. Her firm runner's ass was beautifully uplifted with no external support and the paleness of the skin contrasted sharply with the black lace of her lingerie.
Completing her show, she came over to me and sat down on my lap sideways, feeling my now fully hard dick against her ass. She threw one of her arms over my shoulders and around my neck and gave me another deep kiss. All this while, not a single word had been exchanged between us.
After a moment, she got up off my lap and said "lie down."
I slid up onto the bed and complied as she followed me. She grabbed a hold of the waistband of my boxers and pulled them down off of me, dropping them on the floor to the side of the bed. I saw her lean down over my groin and felt her hair drape over my hard cock. Seconds later, I was greeted by the warmth of her taking me in her mouth, bobbing her head up and down about a dozen times. She removed her mouth from around my organ and slid up, pressing her body tightly against mine and kissed me deeply, our tongues playing together first in my, then in her mouths.
I reached around her in an embrace as our tongues danced, enjoying the feeling of her breasts against my bare chest, the slight roughness of the lace as it rubbed my skin, the heat of her groin pressed over my upper thigh, and the silkiness of her stocking clad legs sliding on my legs and penis.
She sat up and removed her bra, once again exposing her firm breasts to my view, the pale skin and darker nipples clearly visible in the dim light streaming in the windows. Leaning back down to plant a quick kiss on my lips, I felt one of her hardened nipples graze my chest and realized that this was the first time that I had had her bare chest against mine. She slowly moved down my body planting little kisses along the way and gently sucked on each of my nipples causing them to harden as well and making me moan with each suck. The kisses continued down my belly until her mouth was poised over my dick.
As she once again held my cock and took me into her mouth I let out a deep moan. Her hand left my dick and I saw her slowly slide her panties over her hips and down her thighs as she slowly worked her magic with her mouth and felt her tongue swirling around my head.
With an audible pop, my dick came out of her mouth as she straddled one of my legs and slid back up my body, kissing me again when her mouth arrived at mine. When she straightened out and moved on top of me, her panties had slid down her calves and were now looped loosely over one of her ankles, having removed the other one from their embrace to straddle me better. I could easily feel the warmth of her pussy and slight tickle of her pubes against my upper thigh and groin.
Next, she shifted her body some more and moved the leg that was between mine over me, completely straddling me now, her crotch right over my pelvis. Suddenly breaking the silence, she commented "I love you so much, Dad," and kissed me deeply without even giving me a chance to reply.
The heat of her pussy was directly on my cock now and I felt her begin a slow grind of her hips. Within a minute or two, her lips had parted and I could feel her wetness slide up and down my cock. As she continued to move her hips and slide her pussy on my shaft she broke our kiss and sat up. Reaching down, she grabbed my hands and put them directly on her breasts, running them over her firm globes.
As I took over on my own, massaging her breasts and playing with her nipples, she let my hands go and put her own hands on her thighs for support while continuing to roll her hips. Her juices were freely flowing now and my cock was beginning to ooze so I was sliding freely between her folds with no effort at all, routinely making contact with her engorged clit.
I leaned up and took one of her nipples in my mouth, flicking my tongue over it and hearing her sharp intake of breath at the first contact followed by a low moan. I was still suckling her breast shen she stopped moving her hips at the top of an upstroke. I almost lost my hold of her breast when she reached behind her to take my cock in her hand.
She aimed the tip of my dick up a little and started to push back down. I could feel her wetness begin to envelop my head and reached out to grab her hips, stopping her from going further.
Realizing what she had in mind I asked "are you sure?"
My step-daughter's simple reply was to push her hips more firmly and say "yes, Dad. I really want this. I love you and know that you love me and I want you to be the one to make me a woman."
Hearing this beauty speak those words took away any reluctance that I may have still had and I relaxed my grip on her hips.
She slowly pressed herself down until I felt the resistance of her hymen. She paused and then lifted slightly. Pressing down slowly again, we encountered her barrier and she pushed a little more, stretching it a little. She kept the pressure against it for a moment and then repeated the actions, going a wee bit further each time.
Finally, she lifted up, and not ready to wait any longer thrust her hips down sharply. I could feel the pressure of her hymen at first and then felt the release as I slid almost two more inches into her soft pussy. She let out a gasp as my dick broke through her cherry and then stopped to allow her body to adjust to these new feelings that she was experiencing. I had a little over three inches inside of her, tightly gripped by her virginal pussy.
Both of us remained completely still for a few minutes, allowing her to adjust, and once she felt ready, she lifted up and slid slowly back down taking a little of me more inside her. She repeated this motion a number of times until she had finally taken my entire eight inches in her pussy and her thighs were firmly against my hips. Seeming spent from the amount of control that she had just had to exhibit, she seemed content to just sit there for a bit, enjoying the feeling of my cock inside of her. Finally, she resumed her thrusting up and down, moaning with regularity.
I returned my attention to her breasts and then dropped my hands down to cup her ass and help support her as she rode me. After a few more minutes, her breathing became more labored and she leaned back on her outstretched arms behind her while she continued her pumping. Her tightness had my mind reeling and was having great effect on me but I was determined not to allow myself to cum until she had.
I felt her grip tighten even more and realizing that she must be getting close, I brought one of my hands back to her breasts while I brought the other to our crotches. Moistening my thumb in her juices that had run down my dick to pool around the base, I began to lightly play with her clit. This seemed to have a profound effect on her and I almost immediately began to feel small spasms around my shaft and heard her breathing become more labored.
Suddenly, she let out a few loud moans and slammed herself all the way down to the base of my dick, emitting a scream as she came wildly around me. Her tight, spasming, pussy quickly brought me the final distance as well and seconds after she began to cum I groaned loudly and forcefully came inside of her.
I was still completely hard and she remained impaled on my dick with mild spasms rippling her pussy. Our combined juices had filled her up completely and were oozing out of her folds even before I had begun to soften. Looking up at her, I could see her bathed in sweat with a humongous smile across her face and her chest heaving from her deep breaths.
Finally, I began to soften and she raised her body up off of me. I rose up and gave her a deep French kiss, after which she laid down and pulled me to spoon with her. Like she had done before on our movie nights, she reached between her legs and pulled my dick between her thighs and pulled my arm around her to cup her breast. Judging by her breathing, a few minutes later she had fallen asleep like that and shortly after I followed.
I awoke the following morning to find myself still between her thighs and her awake, rocking her hips against me. When she realized that I was awake she said "good morning. Can we do it again?"
We spent the next two hours making love with me taking more of the lead and wanting her to enjoy every sensation coursing through her body. I wanted to bring her to new heights of ecstasy and judging by her reactions had done a good job of it.
Finally getting out of bed mid-morning, we both showered. I threw on a pair of silk boxers and my step-daughter wore the black nightie around the house all day with nothing underneath it, routinely getting frisky with me throughout the day.
Shortly after lunch I got a call from my son and everything was going well with the project and another from my wife to tell me that her father was going to be released from the hospital later that day but that she was going to stay to help her mom until Tuesday.
That evening, my step-daughter slept in my bed again after we enjoyed our third lovemaking in 24 hours.
Despite the numerous misgivings that I had along the way, I was happy that we shared the experience. She loved me and I deeply loved her and nothing would ever change that. "What better type of relationship to share that first time?" I asked myself.
"There is none," was the only answer.