Chapter 18
Brent: The Nuclear Option
Max jumped into my arms and barked, wagging his tail.
"I'm so sorry, buddy!" I said, scratching his neck. "Thank God, you're okay."
He licked my face.
"Okay, okay, let's get out of here before they change their mind."
I signed Max out of the kennel, giving the dog catcher a glare as I went.
"Keep him out of trouble!" the man called after me.
Outside, I jogged down the street. Max ran free and happy on his leash. I hated that I had to take him back to the apartment and leave him there, but I had no choice. I had to spring my grandmother from jail next. He whimpered and pleaded with me when we got home. I spent half an hour with him, hugging him and playing with him, and then I said goodbye.
"I'll be home with Grandma soon, buddy. Just hang on. I'm sorry I've been such an awful friend."
He barked.
"Yes, yes, ham for dinner," I said, pushing his nose back as he tried to put it in the doorframe while I closed the door.
"Hey!" someone shouted on the street. I turned around. Karen was standing in front of the coffee shop. "There you are!"
"Karen, I can't. I told you this morning."
"I called my dad. He said if you stop coming in that means you quit, so you can't collect unemployment."
Colin stepped outside of the cafe to watch us. I came over to both of them.
"My grandmother's in the hospital. My dog was almost killed. I'm not trying to miss work, but I'm busy right now."
"Work or quit."
"Karen."
"I'm not going to fire you, so either work or quit."
"Fine, I quit."
She scoffed and stormed back inside, the bell ringing.
"You're really quitting?" Colin said.
"I don't have much choice right now," I said. "I gotta go, man."
"Text me, okay? Employee discount for life."
"Thanks. I'll talk to you later." I stepped away but then paused. "Colin, did you ever sell your car?"
"No, still rusting in the parking garage."
"Hmm. Text me the details."
"Seriously?"
"Just curious. Employee discount, right?"
He snickered. "You're cute, but not that cute."
I headed across town to the hospital. I had to take three subways to get there. It was an ugly old building, a proper asylum for the mad. Even as I entered, I felt the cold chill of the walls, the mesh over the windows, the metal detectors and security doors and bars locking off hallways. The information desk sent me up to the 9th floor. I'd been here yesterday. I had to get my grandmother out as soon as possible.
"I'm here to pick up Mary Grayson."
The woman at the desk looked at me from behind her glasses. She pushed them up her nose. "I'll call her doctor. Please have a seat."
I sat. It was two hours and three complaints later before the doctor finally came through the barred door.
"Mr. Grayson?"
"Yes," I said, jumping up. "I'm here to pick up Mary Grayson. I talked to the police officer in charge of her case. The charges were dropped. Can you release her?"
"I'm aware the charges were dropped. I spoke to the police earlier today."
"Oh, thank goodness," I said. "Can you get her for me?"
"Mr. Grayson, will you come with me, please?" he said. "I'll take you to your grandmother."
I followed him as he led the way through the barred door. An orderly closed and locked it behind us. I felt trapped. I hope this wasn't part of Olivia's plan too, to lock me up.
The doctor led me to a common room where all the patients were. There were board games, puzzles, card games, and a big TV behind metal mesh. I saw my grandmother sitting there in a row of chairs, watching TV. She was wearing a white jumpsuit, her frail body trembling.
"Grandma!" I said, rushing to her. "Are you okay?"
She looked at me. Her eyes were vacant.
"She's heavily sedated, Mr. Grayson," the doctor said.
"Why?" I asked, looking at him.
"She was agitated."
"Well, let me get her out of here, and I'll take her home and calm her down. She just needs a little TV and some soup."
"Mr. Grayson," the doctor said, "come here, away from the patients."
I followed him. He folded his hands. I kept my grandma in my eye. She was so still.
"Mr. Grayson, I cannot legally release her to you. You understand that, don't you?"
"That's bullshit," I said. "I take care of her. I told you that last time."
"And I told you that she needs 24/7 care. Can you provide that?"
"She doesn't need that. And the police dropped the charges."
"It's not a matter of the charges. That's irrelevant now. She's a danger to herself and others without constant care. You realize she has dementia, don't you?"
"I do, but she recognizes me when she's not drugged up."
"I'm sorry, son. Until you can prove your home is safe for her, and a licensed physician confirms that she will receive round-the-clock care, I cannot release her. If you cannot afford that, she will become a ward of the state."
"Damn it," I said. "This is garbage. I was doing fine with her."
"Calm down, son. This is a minimum-security area. You can visit her anytime you want."
"I don't want to visit her. I want to take her home."
"I told you, I can't release her."
"Look, Doctor, I can take care of her, and her social security checks pay our rent. Without her, I can't afford to live in the city."
"Well, you must understand, as a ward of the state, her social security will come to our facility for her care."
"I know, that's what the social worker said yesterday, but I am willing to take care of her, and I will find a way to get her 24/7 care if necessary, but let me take her home now, and give me some time to get that care. I can't afford the care without her checks."
The doctor sighed. "I'm sorry, son. I've done all I can."
"Wait, come on."
"Visiting hours are daily 10:00 a.m. until 3:00 p.m. I hope you can find a way to afford her home healthcare."
"Sir, please."
"When you're ready to leave, let the orderly know, and he'll escort you out."
The doctor left, and I was standing there amongst so many infirmed people, some talking to themselves, others drooling, most just vacant and lost, like my grandmother. I sat down next to her.
"I'm so sorry this happened to you, Grandma. It's all my fault."
She looked at me. "Brent?"
My eyes lit up. "Yes, Grandma, it's me, Brent."
"Where's Brent?"
"Grandma, I'm here."
She looked away. "Has anyone seen my grandson?"
"Grandma..."
She went quiet again, looking at the TV, her hands shaking. I leaned forward in the chair. I wanted to cry. I was so angry at myself. I'd almost killed my dog, and I'd destroyed my grandmother's life because I was busy chasing a fantasy.
I stayed with Grandma until the hospital staff asked me to leave. I knew she'd never get out of here, that I'd never be able to afford it, that this was her home now.
Back at my apartment, I slept on the couch. I couldn't take Grandma's room. It was such an odd sensation not getting her ready for bed, not making her dinner. I thought of all the times I had neglected her recently while I was busy chasing Ginny.
There were moments now, brief moments, when I caught myself enjoying this new sense of freedom, and the guilt of that enjoyment hit me hard.
I still had no idea how I was going to take care of myself. Even if I could get my old job back, I'd barely be able to afford rent, and beyond that, food and any semblance of a decent life was impossible. I was going to have to move, and I didn't know where I'd go.
It was 1:00 a.m. when my phone woke me up. Max lifted his head, whimpering. I had no idea who it could be, because I knew Ginny would never call me again. I glanced at the phone. It was just some random number I'd never seen before. I answered.
"Hello?"
"It's me."
My heart caught in my throat. "Ginny?"
"Yes."
"Are you crazy? What are you doing calling me?"
"I couldn't leave us like that. What, did you really think you'd never hear from me again?"
"Yes," I said, covering my eyes. "I, I don't even think I should be talking to you. Your mother or your aunt are going to catch you, and I'll be in jail. Are you just playing games with me now?"
"They'll never find out I called you."
"Like they didn't last time?"
"I'm on a burner phone, you know, like, a prepaid flip thing. Quinn had it from years ago and put some minutes on it for me. I guess she's better at sneaking around than I am. It's like prison for me now. You can call me at this number, but I probably won't answer. I have to hide it during the day."
"Ginny, we can't do this anymore. We can't chat on the phone like old times, flirt and imagine a future together. It's over, really over."
"Brent, let me just explain."
"I don't need any explanations. I get it. You got caught, and your aunt set me up."
"Yes. I'm so sorry. I hate that this is all my fault."
"It's not. It's my fault. I knew what I was doing, and I put Max and my grandma in danger."
"You shouldn't have to be worried about danger from your girlfriend's crazy aunt."
I couldn't help but smile. "My girlfriend?"
"Yes. For a minute there, we were dating, I think."
"For a minute."
"In my heart, a lot longer," she said. "I miss you so much."
"I miss you too."
"Is Max okay?"
"Yeah, he's a good boy," I said, scratching behind his ear. He groaned in happiness.
"Good. I had an all-out screaming match with my mother and aunt this morning. My mom didn't want to drop the charges. I had to appeal to my aunt. And by appeal, I mean make veiled threats. Honestly, if I didn't know about what happened between you and her, she wouldn't have dropped the charges."
"You must be in deep trouble."
"The deepest. My aunt hates me now. She cornered me in the bathroom earlier and nearly strangled me, literally told me if I said a thing about your interview, it would be your word against hers, and she would bury you in lawsuits and wouldn't stop until she destroyed you."
"Fuck."
"My mother is just furious and ashamed of me. I won't be able to go back to my apartment in the city. I'll have to live with her again. It'll be impossible to sneak out at night."
"I'm sorry I messed up your life."
"I messed it up. Is your grandma okay too?"
"No."
"No?"
"She's still at the institution."
"The police didn't drop the charges?" she said louder.
"They did, but it didn't matter. They said I lacked the requirements to care for her myself, and she would become a ward of the state until I could prove my home was suitable for her, and I had 24/7 licensed care."
"Oh, God, no. I'm so sorry. There's no way around it?"
"No. I can visit her, but she'll never leave that place."
"Brent, I feel so awful. I'm so sorry."
"I failed her."
"Don't say that."
"I did. I'm sick about it."
"I'm so sorry. I hate that I cost you so much."
I held my breath. I had to take a chance. "Run away with me."
"What?" she said.
"I have nothing left in New York. You, me, and Max. Let's just go, leave, start over somewhere else."
"Brent, you're crazy."
"I am. I'm crazy about you. I can't stop thinking about you. You're all I have, all I want. We could be happy together, I know it. Maybe we wouldn't be rich, but I'd do everything I could to take care of you."
"Beau, oh, Beau," she said. "I can't. God, I wish I could, but I'm not like you. I'm not brave enough to face the world alone."
"You wouldn't face it alone," I said. "You'd face it with me."
"And what would we do for work? We don't even have college degrees. Food, shelter, bills?"
"We'll get a car," I said. "We'll travel, see the world."
"Oh, come on."
"I'm serious. We were going to spend every cent of that $10,000 on hotel rooms. So, let's do it. Let's take that money and spend it on hotel rooms all across the country. We'll buy a car and just go."
"Brent, you're dreaming."
"I am. I'm dreaming of a way to be with you. What better way is there to spend that money than on our future."
"The money is gone. I, I gave it back, well, threw it at my aunt and my mom."
"Oh. Damn. Well, forget it, we don't need it. I have a little bit of money, enough to get a car, get us out of here. We can figure out the rest later."
"You're sweet. You're amazing. But I can't."
"I can get more money," I said. "My grandfather had these old gold coins. I never sold them, figured anything that reminded her of him was a good thing, but now I will. I can raise a few thousand dollars, I bet."
"Brent, stop. I can't."
"Why?" I said urgently. "I know you love me."
"I do, so very much."
"Then prove it," I said. "Run away with me."
"My mother would never let me even if I tried. She'd track me down. It's one thing to run away. It's another to be on the run."
"You can do what you want. You're 18."
"You saw what my aunt did. That was just a taste of her dark side. If we ran, there would be private investigators hounding us, police with fake charges, and scandal for my father's political career. He'd be heartbroken. He's not like my mother. She calls the shots."
"So, that's it then?" I said softly. "There's no way we can figure this out?"
"I don't know. I think if I just stay quiet, keep my head down, maybe I can get back to my apartment in a few months, maybe by summer, and then we can figure out a way to see each other again, if I can just convince them we're over, really over."
"So, we're back to that, secret meetings."
"Yes. It's something, isn't it? It wouldn't be for a while though. Would you wait for me?"
"I would, but I can't."
She was quiet. "You can't?"
"Without my grandmother, I can't afford to stay in the city. I need to do all those things I said, pawn everything I can, get some money together. I don't know where I'll wind up."
"Brent, no," she said. "You have to find a way to stay in the city. There has to be something you can do, someone you can stay with, someone like Colin. Get a roommate, but stay. Stay so I have some hope we can be together again one day."
"Ginny, I don't know. I don't know if I want a weekend here and there, looking over my shoulder. It will be so hard to live like that."
"Please, don't let us die. It won't be forever. One day, maybe after I finish school, after I'm a little more independent, I can lead my own life, have more strength to stand up to them, make them accept it."
"That's your plan now?"
"I know it's not perfect. I know waiting sucks. God, I know it. But if we can do it, somehow, one day I know we can be together. Isn't that worth the wait?"
"My plan puts us together tomorrow. I could come for you tonight, take you away, and we never have to look back. I know where you are. I saw the big, famous, stupid Duclark mansion online."
"Brent, stop. Your plan is a nuclear bomb. Mine is a political negotiation."
"Ginny, I'm sorry, but your plan is awful. This idea that maybe we could be together in a year or two, and then maybe sneak around in the shadows, and then maybe one day convince them to accept us, it won't work."
"You don't know that," she whispered.
"I do, because your mother and aunt are going to catch us. And even if they don't, you're fooling yourself if you think one day, they'll accept us."
"Brent, this is all I have. This hope is keeping me going. Don't take it away from me."
"I'm not taking it away. I'm giving you a reality check. The only way for us now is to turn our backs on the world and make our own way. Can't you see that?"
"I can't, because if I do, I don't know if we can be together."
"We can, if you're brave."
"What makes you think I am?"
"Because you love me, and love can make people do crazy things, brave things."
"I don't know. I really don't know if I can. I'm terrified."
"Think about it, Ginny. Really think about it, leaving your family. It's them you should reconnect with in a year, not me. I'm here now, and I love you. Take a chance on me."
"Brent," she said, hesitating, "there might be one more chance, a political chance, someone who can help me convince my mom to let us see each other. It's a long shot, really long, but honestly, I'm pinning all my hopes on her now."
"Who?"
"Nana."