SUNDAY EVENING
The attractive couple stepped onto the veranda, escaping from the hubbub of the convention registration and ice breaker inside. The sun was setting over the turquoise blue Caribbean, casting deep shadows on the jungle covered volcanic hills that framed the white sand beach.
Sandy sighed contentedly and murmured, "Oh Hon, this is magnificent. Thank you so much for bringing me along."
Sandy was a gorgeous creature with long brown hair and dark, expressive eyes. She had modeled some in high school and college, but her figure was too voluptuous to allow a professional modeling career with its modern taste for scarecrow thin women. It was probably just as well. Her beauty might distract from but could never hide her keen intelligence. She would have been bored to tears by a career of preening and posing for the camera.
Bill, smiled happily at his wife's pleasure. "Yeah, it is really something. They told me at the registration desk that this building is the original French sugar plantation mansion from the 1700s and houses the five-star restaurant, bar, and meeting rooms."
Sandy added, "It is an old colonial masterpiece, but Im glad the new four-story annex with our room has all the modern conveniences."
Bill shook his head in wonderment, "I just can't believe I got to come to this convention. This is the big time. It is by invitation only and limited to a hundred people. I saw Marta had you cornered while I was getting registered."
Sandy arched her eye brows and smiled. "Oh my gosh, your boss' wife is a hoot. She says Henry has picked you up for the fast track. That is why you are at the meeting with him. Marta says she and I might as well get to be good friends; we will be seeing a lot of each other from here on. I really, really like her a lot."
Bill was pleased to hear his wife's inside scoop on his career and asked, "So did Marta enlist you in the spouse activities. I think I saw there are tours of the old sugar mill, shopping in the village, bird walks, sailing lessons, and the like. You can stay as busy as you want while I am stuck in my dull meetings."
"Oh no! I am here to totally relax and loaf. Marta twisted my arm until I signed up with her to play doubles tennis after breakfast each day. It's a "for fun" tournament for us wives. Otherwise, I am napping, sunning, and reading in total, abject, pampered uselessness."
Sandy smiled to herself as she recalled her friend Betty's admonishment, "Girl, you need a break and some serious time off. As your lead and favorite surgical nurse, I am prescribing sun, rum, and sex to excess. That hot hunk of a husband of yours can certainly furnish the latter in spades."
At 33, Sandy was a promising new heart surgeon, just finishing up her fellowship at Emory and recruited to remain on staff. However, the decade of medical school, residency, and specialized fellowship training had taken a toll. She was exhausted and worn to a frazzle. It had been three years since she actually took a week off. Husband, colleagues, and friends were all unanimous that Sandy needed to take a breather and pamper herself a little before rejoining the fray."
Bill was the same age as Sandy. He had played football at Virginia but lacked the size and skills to go on to the pros. He had done ROTC and went in the Army as an infantry lieutenant for four years. After two tours overseas with one purple heart, Bill got out and used the GI bill to pay for an MBA at Wharton. This led to a job in international finance in Atlanta. There, mutual friends had introduced him to Sandy five years ago while she was doing her residency. The rest was history as they say.
Bill fussed protectively over Sandy, as he was prone to do. "Well, you know you haven't been out in the sun lately. You are white as a sheet these days. This tropical sun will blister you in no time. Be sure to use plenty of sunscreen."
Sandy grimaced in mock exacerbation and replied sarcastically, "Yes, doctor."
Bill laughed at himself and said sheepishly, "I guess that was kinda silly. You are a grown woman and can figure it out yourself. The beach is beautiful here; just don't overdo it."
"I won't. Besides I was thinking I would mostly hang out at the pool rather than the beach. I hate getting all sandy."
Bill looked puzzled, "You know, I have not seen the pool. Surely, they have one."
"Oh, they do. I checked out the hotel on the internet before we left. The whole roof of the annex where our room is consists of a large Olympic-sized pool, hot tub, sauna, sundeck, bar, and grill."
"Wow, that should be nice. The view must be stunning from up there. Besides you can get an adult libation as you lounge in idle splendor while us working stiffs labor."
"I can indeed." Sandy glanced at him uncertainly and then turned her gaze out to the ocean and said nonchalantly, "While checking out the hotel, I noticed the pool is optionally topless." She glanced back at Bill to gauge his reaction.
He arched his highbrows, "Really. Well, I guess it is a French Island." He peered at her inquisitively with widened eyes, "Are you ...?"
She blushed slightly and said defensively, "Well, maybe."
Bill laughed, "Honey, if anyone is equipped to go topless it is you. I just claim the right to come peek at my scandalous wife topless in public. Go for it."
Sandy gushed with relief, "Really? I was afraid you would throw a fit. I always wanted to try sunning topless and feel a little frisky getting away from home and work. Besides if I am going to get a nice tan while I am here, I certainly don't want those ugly tan lines. Oh my, I haven't done anything this crazy since I was in college. "
Sandy looked at Bill with concern, "My going topless won't backfire on your work will it? "
"Nah. This is a very cosmopolitan, international crowd. I seriously doubt you will be the only wife up there tanning her boobs. I do have to ask a question though."
Sandy looked askance at Bill, "Uh-oh, what?"
"What was the thing you referred to doing in college that was as crazy as going topless?"
"Oh No! My past sins are staying buried."
"Come on. I am going along with your topless adventure. I want to hear the juicy skinny on your other scandal."
Sandy groaned, "OK. It was the end of sophomore year. The last exam finished that afternoon. Six of us girls got together at my apartment to celebrate before splitting up for the summer. We ordered pizza. One of the girls had an older sister who was over 21, and she got wine for us."
"Tsk, tsk, naughty coeds. Go on," Bill encouraged with an intrigued smile.
"There were some guys grilling steaks back of the next apartment building and drinking beer. We decided to streak them."
Bill shook his head in wonderment, "My wife the heart surgeon is a streaker?"
"Yeah, well, it didn't quite go as planned. One gal chickened out right away. Two more chickened out when they were half undressed. The three of us who got naked dashed out the door on "go." The other two went about ten feet. They stopped, screeched, and ran back into the apartment, slamming and locking the door behind them. Some friends!"
Bill closed his eyes and sympathized, "You have to be kidding. What did you do?"
Sandy laughed ruefully. "Well, I am standing naked as a jaybird outside a locked door so I just took off running and shot by the boys going about mach two and waving madly as I went. The boys were all whistling and cheering, of course. That got people everywhere turning around and looking and peering out of windows. I made quite a spectacle of myself."
"In all my born days, I would never of dreamed you did that."
Sandy grinned, "Don't worry, it gets worse. We had a good plan. After passing the boys we, which by now had become just me, were to circle around the front of the apartment building and back to the breeze way and my apartment in the adjacent building. In the dark we would be hard to identify, it would be unclear exactly what apartment we came from, and besides we were all leaving for the summer in the next day or two."
Bill asked, "I take it things did not go as planned?"
Sandy snorted, "Not hardly. As I rounded the front of the boys' building, a cop car came cruising through the parking lot and caught me in its headlights. As luck would have it, the cop riding shotgun was a young guy who'd been on the force for about three years. Unfortunately, before that, he had also been on the track team at school. He was fast and caught me in about 50 feet. As the young cop held me in a bear hug, the older cop came charging up with a blanket to cover my nakedness."
"That certainly turned into a disaster. I love it!"
Sandy was grinning ruefully again, "Yeah, well thanks for nothing. There I am wrapped in a blanket, while the old cop gives me a dressing down in front of everyone in the whole apartment complex. There must have been fifty or sixty people out there hooting and laughing. My friends were all hiding in my apartment, too embarrassed to come out. Then the cops marched me back to my apartment. They took back their blanket at the door, leaving me naked in front of everyone again, and sent me in while threatening to call my parents."
"Well Sandy, baring your boobs at the pool hardly compares to that fiasco."
"Don't I know it. It took forever to live that night down. But you know what?"
"What?"
Sandy smiled seductively, "I was turned on like never before. I think I am a closet exhibitionist just dying for a chance to get loose."
"You mean as in sexually aroused? Just from running around naked in public?"
"Yep, I sure was. I remember in some early psych class in med school we talked about a Swedish study that found a little over 2% of the surveyed women had done some form of public exhibition of themselves and were turned on sexually by it. I had my one and only streaking experience a few years before so the study stuck in my mind." She laughed, "I guess I am one of the few, the naked, and the turned-on."
Sandy gave Bill a playful punch in the shoulder and teasingly said, "You better look out, Bubba. If I start flashing my boobs at the pool, no telling what I might do!"
Further conversation was interrupted as Henry and Marta came out on the veranda. Henry exclaimed, "There you two are. Come on in. I want to introduce you to some colleagues from Italy. We are going to be doing some big work with them this coming year."
MONDAY EVENING
Sandy sat at a cozy table on the hotel restaurant porch sipping a Martini. An earlier text had announced Bill was running late getting loose from the meeting and would meet her at the restaurant. She contentedly contemplated her first full day of vacation. It had certainly been far more pleasant and relaxing than she expected.
Sandy had made a relatively early 6:30 dinner reservation as she had plans for the evening. She had gotten an extra blanket from housekeeping, and after supper, she was taking her husband for a walk on the beach. The walk would end with adult entertainment on the blanket out under the tropical stars.
Bill arrived in a rush and ordered a Martini as he sat down. Sandy asked, "How did your first day of the meeting go?'
Bill was flushed with excitement and babbled, "It was great. All of the big names are here. I met and chatted with people I only know from textbooks and by reputation." For five minutes Bill chattered on while Sandy nodded and smiled indulgently at her husband's unbridled enthusiasm.
Finally, Bill asked, "So how was your day? Did you and Marta play tennis?"
"We certainly did, and we won our match. I was a little rusty to start but was pretty much back in the groove after the first set. That Marta is good. Do you know much about her?"
Bill shook his head, "No, not really. Met her at the office a few times. She's maybe ten years older than we are. She must be twenty years younger than Henry though. Definitely a trophy wife. Tall, good looking woman."
Sandy, snorted, "No kidding. She's beautiful. Do you know her background?"
"No. She's from overseas somewhere. I know Henry dotes on her, and she is the linchpin of their social life. That's about it."
"She's Norman French. Her height, blonde hair, and striking blue eyes probably come from Viking raiders plundering, raping, and colonizing the Norman coast in the Dark Ages. Henry met her in Paris twenty-two years ago. She was one of the Doriss dance girls at the Moulin Rouge Cabaret."
"You mean those half-naked gals with all of the feathers and boas and the like in Paris?"
"Yeah, them. You really gotta be really good to dance there."
"Wow, well she certainly has the looks and stature to be an exotic dancer. Are you ready for another Martini?"
Sandy laughed, "They are not strippers, you backwoods hick. They are very skilled professional dancers - just with a lot of feminine charm to show off. And yes, I am ready. Let's share a dozen oysters as an appetizer too."
The oysters and fresh Martinis arrived quickly. The mellow couple put in an order for grilled red snapper with French Creole sauce, a spinach salad, and a bottle of white Burgundy as they started on the oysters and Martinis.
Bill smacked his lips, "Oh, these oysters are perfect. What did you do after tennis? Hang out with Marta?"
"Yeah, she definitely has taken me under wing. She treats me like I am her little sister. A very interesting women with decidedly very French views on life. She certainly gave me some things to think about. After tennis we went to the spa and had an hour long massage."
"Really. I have never had a massage; have you? How was it?"
"No, never." Sandy sighed and murmured, "Oh, it was heavenly, absolutely divine."
Bill cocked his head inquisitively, "I always wondered; what do you wear for a massage?"
Sandy's cheeks pinked slightly, "Uhm, Marta is very European about these things. We were naked."
"Naked?"
"Yeah, naked. You are covered under a sheet and all, and they only expose a bit of you at a time for the massage. They are discrete about maintaining your privacy. It works."
"Male?"
"Yes Dear." Sandy smiled teasingly at Bill, "He had hot, oily, strong hands too. The effect is quite relaxing and sensual. They don't touch anything inappropriate, but oh yes, it is very sexy."
Sandy laughed gayly at Bill's nonplussed expression, "While we are here, we are going to get you a massage from a female masseuse. Marta and I have booked massages every day right after tennis."
"Oh, I don't know that I'm ready for a massage from a girl without my clothes on. Did you make it up to the pool?"
"Yep. Marta and I had lunch there. She introduced me to Singapore Slings. Absolutely great rum drink. I'm addicted. Marta said she developed a taste for them at the Raffles Bar when Henry was doing some work in Singapore. She claims only the British know how to drink in the tropics. We gossiped a lot and sunbathed some."
Sandy paused thoughtfully for a moment looking at Bill, gave a slight shake of her head, and mumbled "not yet" to herself. Then she continued reciting her day's activities, "Later I had a nap, showered, and read a trashy novel out on our balcony with a glass of wine. Then I got ready for dinner. It was a fun day."
Bill waggled his eye brows and flicked an imaginary cigar ash ala Grouch Marx as he whispered huskily, "And yes my dear, did, did you really ... you know, flash those magnificent boobs of yours for the world to see?"
Sandy laughed at Bill's antics, but a hot blush rose in her cheeks. She gazed steadily at her husband while answering, "Uhm, I think there was a translation error on the hotel web page. The pool is not topless; it is clothing optional."
Bill blinked his eyes in surprise, "You mean it is a nudie pool. People lay around there with no clothes on?"
"Yep, that is what I mean. You don't have to, of course, but you can. This is a very popular resort with German, French, Italian, and Spanish tourists. It is their custom. It is mostly women at the pool; a lot are wives of your meeting attendees. There are some good looking women in that group. About a third lounge around in their birthday suits."
Bill blew out a breath. "Whew. Well, what did you do?"
Sandy kept her gaze on Bill smiling sexily, "Oh, I stripped right down naked in front of God and everybody. And I enjoyed every minute of it!"
Then she laughed, "I was a little nervous and started out topless. Marta laughed at me and said that I was being was silly. She pointed out that I would still have tan lines from my bikini bottoms so I should just take them off too. Nobody cares at the pool. So off they came."
Bill shook his head and teased, "I guess I better get up to that pool and keep an eye on my wild wife and her new best friend."
Sandy gave Bill her best Southern pout and drawled in a smoky voice that dripped sugar, "Whael Honey, you all have golf scheduled for Wednesday and Friday afternoons. You can come right on up to the bar and have lunch while you watch your naked wife bask in the sun. I notice quite a few men pretending not to be watching us naked ladies from the bar."
Dinner arrived. The couple enjoyed their delectable dinner and Sandy's planned post-dinner adult entertainment on the beach.
WEDNESDAY MIDDAY
Bill slipped out of his meeting early. Today everyone had eschewed their traditional business suits for golfing attire in preparation for the afternoon outing. He hurried up to the poolside bar on the annex roof with some trepidation. After all, he was accepting Sandy's invitation to come watch his wife lay out naked in public. He was still perplexed by this behavior of hers - somewhat excited and aroused and somewhat abashed.
The covered bar was spacious with open sides and a dozen tables and seating at the bar for patrons. Ceiling fans stirred the air making it a comfortable oasis in the tropical heat. The views of the beach and surrounding hills were spectacular. One side abutted the pool area which offered its own striking scenery.
Bill took a table on the outside poolside edge of the bar and ordered a local beer and a club sandwich from the bartender. There were just two men at the bar drinking beer and a table with three men enjoying sandwiches and beer together.
As Bill sipped his beer, he examined the pool area. Sandy had been right; the poolside crowd was mainly a collection of trophy wives (or perhaps mistresses). He recognized a number of them from the icebreaker. There were about twenty women and no men. One woman was industriously swimming laps. Two young mothers were playing with toddlers in the pool. The rest of the women were sunbathing or sitting at umbrella covered tables gabbing or reading. Four naked women sunbathed on lounge chairs and one other sunbather was topless.
"Well, at least, Sandy won't be the only one in her birthday suit," Bill muttered under his breath.
There were also a number of barefoot male pool attendants in white shorts and bright tropical shirts. They were industriously taking and delivering drink and food orders, providing towels and sunscreen, moving tables and chairs, and generally making sure the pampered guests were content.
There was no sign of Sandy or Marta.
Bill called Sandy's cell phone. She answered on the first ring with a bubbly "Hi, there, Hubby. I am on the way; just getting on the elevator."
Bill teased, "I thought you had lost your nerve."
"Not a chance. You ready to get an eyeful?"
Bill replied uncertainly, "I think so."
He heard her giggle as she clicked off.
Bill watched his wife exit the elevator and confidently stride toward the bar. It might not be accurate to say she was the most beautiful woman in this delightful crowd of femininity, but she would certainly be in the running. Sandy was barefoot and wore dark sunglasses and a diaphanous, white coverup. Any observer could easily see the outline of Sandy's shapely figure underneath and a shadow of her dark, skimpy bikini.
Sandy stopped at an umbrella-covered table. The table was on the outside edge of the sunbathing area and was the table nearest to the bar. Only a scant twenty feet separated the table and two lounge chairs from where Bill sat. The table also sported a reserved sign. Sandy and Marta had obviously planned her public exhibition for him with care.
Sandy glanced at Bill and smiled coyly with a tinge of a blush.
Sandy turned away and undid her coverup shrugging it off with a smooth languid movement. Arching her back, she reached behind herself to unhook her top. The effect was to thrust out her breasts most enticingly. She removed her top, letting her breasts spring forth, and nonchalantly deposited the bikini top on the table.
One of the pool attendants hurried over. His eyes were glued to Sandy's breasts as he took her order and then trotted over to the bar. Bill heard the attendant, relaying the order to the bartender, "Miss Sandy in room 321 would like her usual Singapore Sling." Obviously his wife was well known here.
Sandy's dark glasses made it impossible to see where she was looking, but Bill was sure he could feel her gaze on him as she slowly undid the strings that held her bottoms on. Sandy leisurely stepped out of them and tossed bottoms onto the table with her bikini top. Now naked except for her sunglasses, she sat down on the lounge chair adjacent to the table.
Bill found he had been holding his breath while Sandy performed. All he could hear in the bar was the click-click-click of the ceiling fans. A quick glance confirmed that all of the men had stopped what they were doing to watch his wife strip.
Bill took a deep draught of his beer. His attention was riveted on his wife.
Sandy removed a bottle of suntan lotion from her bag and spread some on her hands. Nonchalantly, she began rubbing the lotion on herself with deliberate, careful circular motions. First her face and neck, then slowly and caressingly her unfettered breasts and flat stomach, and finally her muscular legs.
The pool attendant returned brought Sandy her Singapore Sling. She smiled appreciatively at him and took a sip of the drink. They engaged in a brief conversation that Bill could not hear. The attendant smiled and nodded his head in agreement with whatever Sandy had been saying.
Sandy rolled over face down on the lounge chair. The attendant poured suntan lotion on his hands and slowly and deliberately rubbed it on Sandy's skin. Bill watched in dismay as the attendant thoroughly oiled his wife's shoulders and back. He seemed to linger unduly long applying the lotion to her shapely buttocks and thighs before finishing up with her lower legs and feet.
When the attendant finished, Sandy rolled part way over, purposely flashing her breasts at the male audience in the bar, and said clearly so all could hear, "Oh Thank you, Pierre. That was delightful."
She gave Bill a warm smile and then settled back down to enjoy the warm tropical sun on her back and backside.
Bill's club sandwich with potato chips arrived, and he ordered another beer.
Two men arrived and took the table adjacent to him. He could overhear snatches of their conversation. One said, "Oh my God, look at that awesome woman over there" indicating Sandy with a nod of his head.
The second man replied, "Jeez, it is terribly gauche to stare at the women at the pool, but I can't help it."
Another group of four men came in the bar and strategically took a table providing an unobstructed view of Bill's naked wife. They too offered quiet appreciative comments on his wife.
Bill sat quietly eating his sandwich and sipping on his beer while his naked wife was viewed and commented on by strangers. It was a bizarre, Kafkaesque experience.
He was certainly proud of his beautiful wife and the admiration she garnered from other males. But the baring of herself in public was wanton and shameless, not to mention embarrassing. She was a promising heart surgeon, one of the most respected and learned professions in the world. Yet here she was exposing herself to strange men like a common stripper in a two-bit hoochie-kootchie show at the county fair. And she let that pool boy do, do ... whatever you call whatever it was he just did to her. Despite all of Bill's misgivings, he had to admit, it was embarrassingly erotic to watch his naked wife.
Bill took a deep swig of his beer and remained bewildered by his wife's behavior with which he was entwined and over which he had no control.
For fifteen minutes Sandy sunned herself, occasionally taking sips of her drink. Then she got up and made a show of evaluating the sun as she adjusted her lounge chair. When she settled back down on the chair, she was half reclining and facing Bill. Now her front feminine charms were on full public display.
Sandy retrieved her phone from her bag, and in a minute Bill's phone dinged with the arrival of a text. Bill glanced at his phone to read, "Well, what do you think of my show so far?"
Bill replied, "Stunning. Every man in here is watching you."
Bill's text elicited a pleased smile from Sandy who replied, "Good. Makes me feel delightfully naughty and hot." She ended the text with a smug, smiling emoji.
Bill sent back, "Where is Marta?"
In a minute Sandy replied, "Dirty old man! Just want to see the boss' wife naked huh! Will be here in ten."
Sandy settled back on her lounge taking occasional sips of her Singapore Sling. With her sunglasses on, and only her sunglasses on, Bill could not tell where she was looking. However, he had no doubt she was gleefully watching her husband and the rest of the men watching her.
Bill finished his lunch and beer and was at a loss about what to do next. He would look silly just sitting there gawking at his naked wife.
Sandy saw his dilemma and sent a text, "Come on over and join me at the table. Marta is on the way up in the elevator."
Sandy sat up and waved Pierre, the pool attendant, over. They had a brief discussion and then Pierre headed to the bar.
As Bill joined Sandy at the table, she slipped on her coverup, removed her sunglasses, and gave him a peck on the cheek and a pert smile. She dropped her bikini pieces in her bag, and said sweetly, "No sense wrestling back into those. I plan to be naked again soon. Grab a seat."
As Sandy and Bill seated themselves, Marta hustled up and sat down with a grin. "Well, where are we? Hope I didn't miss anything."
Sandy's eyes were twinkling with amusement as she answered, "No, not yet. My husband instructed me on Sunday not to overdo my sunbathing. I have had my allotted thirty minutes in the sun. Think it is time to move on to the next part of our show?"
Further discussion was temporarily interrupted by the arrival of Pierre with the drinks. He passed out Singapore Slings to the girls and another beer for Bill.
Sandy asked Marta as Pierre left, "How is Lisa?"
Marta waved her hand dismissively, "She's fine. The doctor gave her some medicine. I suspect she just overindulged at the bar last night."
Marta turned to Bill, "Lisa is one of the wives. She was not feeling well. After Sandy and I had our massages this morning, I accompanied Lisa to the doctor to translate. Have not had a chance to change into my pool attire yet."
She gave Bill a mischievous wink, "I guess you will have to wait until Friday lunchtime for a replay when you might catch me with my clothes off.
Marta leaned over and whispered conspiratorially "Now, Bill, you must tell me, what do you think of your wife's little spectacle? A little risque for an American surgeon, huh? But magnifique!"
Bill's lunchtime experience had been surreal. He just shook his head in befuddled confusion and mumbled, "It's a side of Sandy I never knew existed. I am completely blown away."
He turned to Sandy, "You mentioned the next part of the show. There is more?"
Sandy chortled, 'Oh yes, you better believe it, Baby. I started to tell you Monday at supper, but the time was not quite right then." Sandy took a deep breath, glanced at Marta who nodded, and then Sandy said resolutely, "Ok, here goes."
Sandy turned back to Bill and explained in a low, clear voice, "Marta and I have been doing a lot of talking. In Europe they are more flexible about the occasional sexual fling by spouses in a long-term marriage than we are in the U.S. Which now brings me to the crux of the matter. I know about you and Nancy."
Bill bolted upright, "That's over and has been for more than a year."
Sandy shushed Bill with a wave of her hand, "Hush. It's ok. I know all about it. Nancy's husband confronted her about it. He had just been offered a promotion in Houston so they moved there to start fresh. They are still together and doing fine last I heard."
"It was a terrible mistake on both our parts. I ... "
Sandy cut him off irritably, "Be still, Bill. It's over. It is ancient history. I am not going there now."
Bill looked at Sandy suspiciously. "When did you find out about the affair?"
Sandy snorted, "Honey, the NSA could learn a thing or two from the girls' gossip circuit. Only a foolish man thinks he can really hide an affair from his wife. I was the one who told Nancy's husband about the affair. We actually had coffee together several times to discuss our mutual problem. He's a really nice guy."
Bill snapped back defensively, "Well, if you knew about it, how come you never said anything."
Sandy gave Bill a long icy stare and then replied hotly, "Because I realized I hadn't been much of a wife. I was self absorbed about my medical career and working 10 and 12 hour days for 6 and 7 days a week. I was angry and hurt. If I confronted you then, it would not have gone well. "
She blew out an exasperated breath, "I was consumed with my medical work, Nancy's husband was traveling constantly, and you and Nancy worked out at the same gym. In retrospect, it was fertile ground for an affair to blossom. That doesn't excuse what you two did, but that is probably a reason there were not two divorces filed.
"Now, I am through with all of my medical education and training; you are well established in your career. We are going to settle the matter once and for all. Marta has agreed to sit in as the mature adult in the discussion in case we end up being petty or childish."
Bill replied grimly, "I agree we should settle things. But you are certainly catching me at a disadvantage."
Sandy's voice grew crisp and businesslike. "Different women feel differently about an affair by their husband. In my case, saying you are sorry, you won't do it again, and such gibberish doesn't cut it. You and Nancy were screwing around two and sometimes three times a week for four months. Isn't that correct?"
"Yeah, something like that, I guess" Bill grunted in reply, shifting in his chair uneasily.
"Then by my count you screwed Nancy at least three dozen times. Those are suppurating boils that need to be lanced to heal. Marta made the point to me that if one spouse has a fling, it is appropriate that the other spouse gets a balancing indulgence. You are a finance guy, you understand the concept of balancing the books between credits and debits. I have three dozen credits in my ledger that need balancing."
Bill snapped back, "What do you want me to do? Pay you? Let's go to marriage counseling when we get back. I am in the wrong and fully accept that."
Sandy gave Bill a cheerful smile, "Sorry Honey, the ship has already sailed. I have started balancing the books to my satisfaction. I redeemed one credit Monday with Alex, one on Tuesday with Carlos, and in a few minutes Pierre is going to find a warm welcome in your wife's bed." Sandy gave Bill a sardonic grin, "My, my, it may take a while to get my ledger balanced to my satisfaction."
Bill sat back scowling. His wife was not just posing nude for the world to see, she was getting laid every day while he sat in his meeting next door. Sounded like she was planning to keep getting laid too.
Sandy giggled, "Don't be such a grump, Bill. Fair is fair.
"Besides, you and everyone else said I needed to have a good relaxing vacation. Heaven knows, there is nothing more relaxing than getting your lights banged out by an enthusiastic lover. And oh, these pool boys are quite enthusiastic."
Sandy leaned back and had a sip of her Singapore Sling while she contemplated Marta and Bill thoughtfully. She went on musingly, "I have a healthy libido so I enjoy fucking as much as the next gal. Since I am fucking tit for tat for Bill's fucking Nancy, I have no guilt about what I am doing. And I'm finding the nude sun bathing absolutely exhilarating. No surprises here."
Sandy took another sip of her drink, leaned forward putting her elbows on the table, and templing her fingers in front of her , she stared intently at Bill.
"But you know what? Having my husband in the crowd of strangers staring at me while I am splayed out naked and they fantasize about screwing me silly and having my husband know I have been fucking strangers and am about to fuck another one in a few minutes ratchets up my libido to another plane entirely; someplace I have never been before."
Sandy went on in a soft tone of wonder, "It is as though you are my sauce piquante that provides just that exactly right fire and zing to perfect an already exquisite dish. My loins have turned to mush, and I am on fire from the inside out. I have never felt anything like this."
Bill just stared mutely at his wife. He had the dazed look of someone who had just survived an artillery barrage.
Sandy's face and throat were flushed. Her engorged nipples strained against the delicate fabric of her coverup. Her eyes with their excited, enlarged pupils were glittering. Sandy's breath was coming in rapid shallow puffs. She exuded the unbridled sexual energy and lascivious lust of a bitch in heat.
Her eyes suddenly widened and she sat up straight wrapping her fingers tightly around her glass. Her lips curled leisurely into a smile. Sandy closed her eyes and slowly arched her back as she mewled soft little oh oh, ohs. Then Sandy quivered in rapid undulations and her mewling turned to happy grunts of pleasure.
After about twenty seconds Sandy relaxed and eased back in her chair. Sandy's eyes fluttered open, and she gasped out in surprise, "Oh my God, I just talked myself into an orgasm. I didn't know you could do that."
Still panting, Sandy turned to Marta, "Please, Marta, could you finish explaining things to Bill for me. I really need ..."
Marta patted her hand, "Of course, my dear. I understand perfectly. I will talk with Bill. You run along."
Sandy took a deep breath and stood up slowly on still shaky legs. She looped her bag handles over her shoulder and turned to look down at Bill who sat stock still in stunned silence.
Sandy beamed an affectionate, bright smile at her husband, "Good luck with your game today, Honey. Have fun." She blew him an air kiss. "Love ya. See you at dinner tonight."
Sandy turned and started toward the elevator, calling out sharply, "Pierre."
Pierre loped to Sandy's side and fell in step alongside her. She reached over and took his hand. Pierre was a tall, dark haired man in his early twenties with wide shoulders and narrow hips.
In the bright tropical sunshine, Sandy's filmy, white coverup did little to hide her naked body beneath. Her newly tanned legs, without any unsightly tan lines, propelled the illicit lovers speedily toward the elevator and their afternoon of carnal amusements.
Bill and Marta watched Sandy and Pierre disappear into the elevator in silence.
Marta reached over and patted Bill's arm and said quietly, "Don't fret about it, Dear. Drink your beer, and we will talk."
Bill looked at Marta, exhaled loudly, and drank a large slug of his beer. "Marta, I have no idea what to even say."
"Well Bill, you must admit that after your affair with Nancy you owe Sandy some consideration here. It is only fair."
Bill sighed, "I know, Marta. But still ..."
"Look Bill, I allow Henry an occasional fling. In exchange he extends the same courtesy to me. Do same with Sandy and you. Live and let live.
Marta leaned over toward Bill and compassionately explained as to a child, "Henry is a consummate lover and delightful husband. However, sometimes I relish the feel of a fiery, young stallion between my thighs and revel in putting him through his paces." Marta waved her hand airily, "And phew, it means nothing. Just the pleasure of the moment."
"You have a point, I suppose. Still, it is a little hard to wrap my mind around Sandy's behavior this week." Bill took another deep drink of his beer.
Marta sighed expansively, "Ok, Bill, think about it this way. We, wives, use the pool boys to enjoy the simple, primitive, physical joys of sex. Husbands have their mistresses and whores for the same reason. So why is Sandy screwing a pool boy any different from you screwing Nancy?" Marta shrugged, "C'est pareil."
Bill threw his hands up in surrender, "Ok, Marta, you made your point."
Marta gave Bill a salacious grin, "Besides, Sandy's nude sunbathing and her afternoon lovers seem to be just appetizers for her. From what she has told me, you are absolutely feasting on her at night when you two are together."
Bill gave a small wry laugh, "Marta, is there anything that women do not confide in each other?"
Marta joined Bill in the laugh, "Compared to men, probably not. But you must admit Sandy is discharging her wifely duties to you quite enthusiastically."
"Yeah, she really is. Now I learn she is also getting laid by a new lover every afternoon. Where is she getting the energy? My wife has turned into a little sexual dynamo."
Marta smiled and replied, "Well, I have only known your wife a few days, but she certainly strikes me as a happily lusty woman. And she has quite a bit of repressed anger at you over your affair with Nancy. I personally think her anger management technique is a lot more fun than yoga or whacking stress balls and the like that I hear people chatter about.
Marta paused for a minute before continuing; Bill was amused to see a flush begin to color this worldly woman's cheeks.
"Hum, you must also realize that these pool attendants are hand picked for their attractiveness to women, their bedroom skills, and their, ah, male dimensions of special interest to women. Your American founding fathers failed to consider the female point of view when they declared all men are created equal; alas it is not so. These boys are the international Olympic team of Casanovas.
Marta patted Bill's hand affectionately, "Your wife has been like a five year old let loose in a candy factory all this week."
Bill asked wonderingly, "What is it with this pool? Are there aphrodisiacs in the water or in the drinks? Is this like a whorehouse for women or what?"
Marta grinned and replied, "I would liken the resort more to the Magic Kingdom where a grown woman's fantasies, be they mundane or carnal, can be granted. A woman can be as daring or modest as she wishes depending on her mood. Husbands are kept conveniently out from under foot at meetings, on the golf course, or on fishing expeditions. This place has a very loyal fan club among wives. Like a child at the Magic Kingdom, I am enjoying my current visit as much as my first one years ago."
Marta took a sip of her drink and continued, "The pool boys are not employees of the hotel, but they are very carefully vetted. They work for tips and let's say the fringe benefits of the position. They are neer-do-wells who flow in from around the world in response to the ancient siren song of money, women, and sex.
"The system here is quite efficient. A woman may make arrangements in person, by phone or text, or on the pool facebook page - all very convenient, anonymous, and easy. When the assignation is over, the woman simply calls housekeeping which promptly provides fresh linens, towels, and a quick tidy up. Voila, all is ready for the return of the unsuspecting or perhaps just tolerant husband."
Bill shook his head in wonderment. Marta smiled indulgently at him, "Bill, when you check out Saturday afternoon, you will find Sandy has charged very generous tips to your room for the pool boys and housekeeping."
Bill gave an ironic smile, "Well from what I have seen of my wife this week, the pool boys are certainly earning their money tending to Sandy. Damn, they are screwing my wife, and I have to pay them for doing it. What a deal!"
Bill finally laughed with real humor at his predicament. "I wonder how poor Pierre is faring? I hope Sandy didn't rape him in the elevator. When my wife gets through with him this afternoon, the poor boy is going to think he just ran a marathon."
Marta patted his arm affectionately, "That's the spirit, Bill. It will all work out. You will see."
"Now Bill, if it makes you feel any better, you will not be wearing your horns alone this afternoon."
Bill looked at Marta questioningly, "Oh. What do you mean?"
Marta smiled playfully, "Your golf foursome of you, Henry, and the two Italians you met Sunday have a tee time of 1:15 today. You also met the Italians' wives; they are over on the other side of the pool there."
Bill glanced in the direction Marta indicated and saw the two attractive young Italian wives. They were sunbathing topless and engaged in an animated conversation with flailing hands going every whichaway. Bill nodded that he saw them.
Marta continued, "They are young enough to be their husbands' daughters. The blonde on the left is not even old enough to drink in the U.S. Powerful, rich men like to squire pretty young things on their arms, and the pretty young things like to be squired and pampered. Everyone is happy with the arrangement.
"Anyway, this is the girls' first trip to the resort. They have been dithering all week but finally decided. They have booked two pool boys for 1:30 while their husbands will be safely off playing golf with you and Henry.
"I too have made plans. Sandy had quite the tete a tete with Carlos yesterday. This morning during our massage, she waxed so poetic about his attributes that I booked Carlos for 1:30 this afternoon for myself.
"Then, of course, your wife is currently entertaining Pierre back in your room. I suspect that will definitely be an all afternoon affair.
Marta chuckled, "Ergo, all of the wives of your foursome will be squealing and writhing under their afternoon lovers while you four men concentrate on your golf strokes."
Bill replied with an ironic smile, "Well, I guess that makes me feel a little better. Do the other guys know about this?"
"Oh no, only you. I haven't mentioned it to Henry yet but probably will further down the road. The Italian girls are still cutting their baby teeth and trying out there wings. They are too nervous to confide in their husbands yet."
Bill smiled humorously and said, "Marta, you have ruined my golf game for today. Every time I get ready to swing my club, my mind will be seeing you four beautiful women in the throes of passionate orgasms. My back swing is going to suffer terribly."
Marta grinned, "Women do have a way of messing with men's minds, don't we?"
"By the way, Bill, I always tell every new bride that she must insist her husband take up golf.uno"
"Ok, I'll bite. Why?"
Marta smiled broadly, "The four to five hours it takes for a husband to play a round of golf is the perfect clear time for a wife to meet her lover, engage in prolonged, passionate sex, cleanup, and return home before the husband."
Marta laughed and said in a light, friendly tone, "Come on. You have to be off to your golf game or you will be late. We can't have that. I'm going to go over to the bar and grab a quick bite to eat. Have to keep my strength up for my rendevous with Carlos this afternoon, you know."
As they rose from the table to go their separate ways, Marta leaned over and gave Bill a peck on the cheek. "Don't worry, my dear. Sandy is a great girl. This will all work out fine. Trust me."
"Thanks Marta; I guess it will." Bill turned and started to the elevator.
Marta reached out her hand and stayed his departure momentarily. "By the way the Italians have invited all of us to come visit them in Turin next month."
She gave Bill a devilish grin, "I hear the golf courses there are marvelous, and the Italian men ... well let's just say they are quite virile and oh so machismo."
Marta winked at Bill and whispered conspiratorially, "Sandy is going to love Italy."