We found Jorge working tables at the outside Bistro. Mary greeted him with a big hug and he seated us. He said he would return with glasses of our favorite wine and quickly disappeared.
While we were waiting for his return, DeeDee approached us and asked to sit down. Her entire body was in motion, indicating there was nothing but skin under her sundress.
"We really enjoyed the other evening," she began. "My Reggie is quite smitten with you Mary. As a matter of fact, he is up in the condo wanking himself thinking about you."
"I'm very flattered," was my wife's response.
"He would terribly enjoy a quick romp with you and of course I would have a go at your husband. I'm told my arse is a spectacular place to visit," she said, with a hearty laugh. "My Reggie enjoys my bum quite frequently. And my who-who is very, very tight!"
"I'll tell you what, DeeDee," I responded. "Mary and I will talk this over and we'll call you when we're ready to swap partners. I'll be honest with you, I'm going to fuck you so hard and so often that you'll have trouble walking."
"I'm all wet with anticipation, Ta-Ta." Her backside bounced with each step as she hurried away.
"Tell me you're joking," my wide eyed wife responded.
"Sure I am, but there was no other way to get rid of her."
During supper, Jorge filled us in on the straw market down the coast. He had relatives who had clothing stalls and food services there. He would set everything up including transportation for our last day. He then asked, "Have you been to the dancing? It is a very hot place. Señora will enjoy much fun."
Three properties away was a disco that opened at 11:00 every night of the week. Jorge's cousin was the manager and Jorge said that our ID bracelet would get us in. His cousin would make us VIPs of the disco. Jorge gave us his cousin's number and we were told to contact Pep before we left our condo. We were hitting the disco tonight.
I woke up from a little nap to see my wife standing on the balcony wearing a dress that I had never seen before. For starters it was skin tight. The red material clung on her like a second skin. The top was scooped low allowing her to display a lot of cleavage. The bottom barely covered her ass.
"Surprise, sleepyhead. Time for you to get dressed too," she said. "What do you think?"
"You look simply amazing," was my response.
"Wait until you see this," she said. Mary opened an almost invisible flap and slowly pulled down a tiny zipper. The front of her dress revealed more of her chest. As the zipper mover closer to her navel, her tits made a full jail break. The top of the dress fillet open and she stood there completely topless. After zipping back up, she reached for the bottom of her dress and pulled on a different zipper hidden under the same flap. This time more and more of her thighs could be seen. As her zipper approached her waist, her entire vagina, upper thighs, and lower stomach could be seen.
"Damn! I'm getting hard thinking about what you may be planning tonight," I sad with a laugh.
I called Jorge's cousin telling him what we were wearing and when we expected to arrive. He told us he would meet us at the VIP entrance of the club.
As we waited on the curb for our ride, Mary began sliding the top zipper down. We were the first riders on the shuttle van. Our driver greeted us with a warm welcome. Mary greeted him with a view of her tits. We sat at the back of the van, in his rearview mirror sightline. Once all the other passengers found seats, Mary opened the bottom zipper of her dress so our driver could peek at her vagina.
As we departed the van, our driver patted me on the back when I walked past him!
Jorge's cousin, Pep, walked up to us and said, "My cousin tells me you treat him special. You are like family to him. You are my family then, too. Follow me and welcome."
Very loud music could be heard as we entered the club. The dance floor was crowded with bodies gyrating to the beat of contemporary dance music. The light show synced to the music would have made Pink Floyd jealous.
Pep seated us in a roped off area above the dance floor and away from the huge ceiling speakers. As soon as we sat down, A bottle of champaign was delivered to the table in an ice bucket, accompanied with two fluted glasses. We were VIPs of the club. Mary took her glass and stood by the rail. Soon she began moving her body to the music. In no time at all, the top zipper was slowly being lowered.
"I'm hitting the dance floor," she said. "Care to join me?"
"Not now. Try to behave yourself"
"Ya, sure. Remember the motto of this resort? You are on Vacation - Enjoy - No one knows you're here!" And off she went disappearing in the throng of people.
About ten minutes after Mary hit the dance floor, there were multiple flashes of white strobe lights followed by a loud eruption of cheering coming from the middle of the packed dance floor. A short time latter, more loud cheering could be heard from the dancing crowd. Flashes of white strobe lights, heavy bass beats, and a final chaotic cheer went up. The place was rocking and rolling.
My wife returned to our table wild eyed and yelled into my ear, "Take me someplace and fuck-the-shit-out-of-me!" Not needing to hear that twice, I got up and together we headed to the front doors. Pep saw us and asked if there was something wrong. I made a circle with my finger and thumb of my left hand, and poked a finger from my right hand in and out of it. Pep smiled and waved to follow him. He took us away from the main door, through a beaded doorway, and down a dimly lit corridor. He said something in rapid Spanish to a bouncer guarding a door. The bouncer opened the door for us. We entered a private outside patio.
The patio was lit by an array of candles in lanterns. It was large enough to have two kingsize poster beds, one of which was being occupied by two naked couples, multiple oversized couches and club chairs, and tables with kleenex and hand towels ready to be used. All in all, three couples were engaged in sexual acts. Mary slithered out of her dress and told me to get naked. She was going to ride me and tell me what happened on the dance floor.
I laid on my back and Mary pounced on my hard dick. I watched a woman on her knees, with her top pushed to her waist suck furiously on her man's dick. We could hear the grunting and moaning of the two couples who were fucking on the other kingsize bed. From time to time the men would switch off burying their dick's in each woman.
Mary's tight, wet gash slid up and down the length of my hard dick. Her spectacular tits swayed and bounced. I focused my attention on her and not on the couples enjoying each other's forbidden pleasures.
"So I'm dancing with no one, just wiggling my ass to the music, when I get sandwiched between a couple. She's grinding her ass on my front and he's grinding his hips on my ass. It was really hot. Next thing, I feel his hard cock rubbing along my thighs and across my ass. It felt like he had a hunk of metal in his pants. She turns around and starts rubbing her tits against mine. They grabbed each other with me tightly between them. I could feel moister running down my legs. That loud cheer you had to have heard was because I unzipped my dress. My tits fell out. I threw my hands above my head and everyone around us started grabbing them. My nipples were pinched multiple times, and my tits were squeezed. Not to be undone, She took her top completely off and started waving it above her head. That was the second loud cheer that came from the dance floor. Everyone within reach groped her tits. Her partner stayed behind me and played with my tits the entire time. I came at least twice."
I didn't know how much longer, I could keep from unloading. Mary was riding me for everything she was worth. The woman on her knees was making gaging and gulping sounds. We both watched her swallow her man's load. Mary let out a yell, coated me with love juice, and continued to ride my dick.
"I don't know what got in to me, but that guy's hard cock rubbing against me was driving me crazy. I lost my mind and unzipped the bottom of my dress. Bending over, I offered him my bare ass. He proceeded to jam his pants covered dick between my ass cheeks, never letting go of my tits. To my delight, the place went nuts watching him maul me.
I couldn't take it any more and walked through the pulsating bodies on my way to to bathroom to compose myself. Halfway to the restroom, I remembered to zip up and cover my pussy. My tits stayed out all the way to the bathroom. I was hoping for a little quiet time, but was greeted with the sight a woman sitting on the vanity having her pussy licked. Her man must have found her clit. She threw her head back and let out a loud yell as she came. Over in a stall with the door open, was a guy with his pants down around his ankles. He was fucking a woman holding on to the toilet. I grabbed some toilet paper, wiped the inside of my thighs, then finger-fucked myself."
I couldn't hold back any longer and deposited rope after rope of hot cum inside of her.
While I was still in her, she stiffened, and let out another guttural scream. We moved to a couch naked and watched the couples who were with us finish fucking, dress and leave. We stayed long enough to watch other couples enter the patio, and engaged in their own acts of hedonism . Mary worked her way back into her dress, I got dressed, and we looked for Pep to thank him for an amazing night.
Mary and I were the only people to take the shuttle back to the condo. She unzipped her top and walked past the driver with her tits and nipples exposed. Sitting once again in the drivers sight line, she unzipped the dress bottom. She rubbed her swollen pussy, while I gentle played with her nipples all the way back to the condo. Our driver never took his eyes off of us, as a matter of fact, he kept the interior lights on so he wouldn't miss a thing!
At breakfast we found Jorge and told him about our night at the disco, well not everything about the evening, but we did mention the royal treatment that his cousin showed us. Jorge made sure we knew the numbers of his relative's carts and stalls at the straw market down the coast, and wished us a good day.
Mary was dressed in a short pleated skirt, much like what a cheerleader would wear and a silk tank top. Her underwear stayed in the condo. The market was a beehive of activity. Mary was itching to show her amazing body, and it wasn't long before that happened.
At one of the stalls, she asked to try on a top. When she was told in broken English that there wasn't any changing rooms, off came her top and on went the possible purchase. This was repeated a few times in numerous stalls to the enjoyment of the workers. Anyone walking past her got an eye full, as well.
We finally made it to the first of Jorge's relative's stalls. Mary decided to try on a sundress made from thin transparent gauze. Jorge's cousin and her husband held a Mexican blanket up and watched as Mary tried on a few dresses. They were talking rapidly in Spanish. I got the idea, she was saying not to get any ideas, just watch the loco Gringo! Mary bought 2 dresses and the husband gave us the blanket.
At another cousin's stall, Mary tried on a tube top and slacks made of lace in a faint tropical print pattern. She took her time trying on both pieces. She opted not to use the blanket we had for a portable changing room. She enjoyed standing in the rear of the stall completely naked, making up her mind whether to buy the outfit and wear it the rest of the day or just buy it. She decided to buy and wear it. I noticed, at the right angle, light passed through the material highlighting her entire body. She received plenty of looks wearing this rather over the top outfit.
Back in the condo, we decided to fool around, take a nap and have a late supper. Our 4 hour flight home was a red-eye, and we wouldn't be leaving until 10:00 pm local time.
Mary came out of the bathroom wearing a smile and holding her travel vibrator. She came to the bed and began licking my balls. She turned on her vibrator and placed it at the opening of my ass-hole. My stiffening dick turned to stone. She then inserted the tiny vibrator into her little brown hole. Kneeling between my legs, her tongue traveled the length of my dick. She sucked just the head of my dick coating it with saliva and bringing me to the brink of an orgasm.
She came first. Her body began convulsing, her ass bounced up and down and she yelled, "Oh Christ," multiple times.
With the vibrator still in her, she mounted me. Her spectacular tits rubbed across my chest. She slid effortlessly up and down my hard slick dick. Her gash was wet and dripping juices on my nuts. With a loud grunt followed by a yell, I came inside her. She removed the vibrator and slid off my dick, resting on my lower stomach. I could feel my warm cum oozing out of her pussy onto me, as I massaged her beautiful tits.
We showered, napped, and had a late supper. Jorge told us he would not be around when we left, but to call the front desk, when we wanted our bags brought down to the shuttle van. We said our good-byes. Mary made sure her tits came into contact with Jorge's chest.
Back in the condo, as she began packing, Mary said,"What a great time."
"Yup, another flash and dash," was my response. "I wonder what's next in store for us?"
"All I know, is that I'm wearing my favorite yellow sundress home, without underwear. I'm thinking on the short term - we join the Mile High Club, tonight. Deal?"
"Deal!"