Circumstances compelled me to spend a month at my mother's house. She lives alone in a small, quiet town on the Florida coast. The neighborhood sits across the street from the beach, but few of the residents actually enjoy the ocean--the average age of the neighbors is closer to my mother's seventy years than my own forty-five. The shuffling of walkers and the occasional whir of electric scooters are the usual sounds punctuating the gentle background music of waves crashing on the shore.
The first two nights of my visit were unremarkable. I spent the day at the hospital with my mother, and returned in the late evening for a solo dinner followed by solo television and a session of solo sex in front of my computer. The monotony was oppressive, but I was doing my duty as the diligent son.
On the third morning I awoke to a welcome surprise--a cold front had rolled in overnight, dropping the temperature by fifteen degrees. It would provide a welcome relief from the heat in my mother's fifty year old home that was fitted with air conditioning installed while Jimmy Carter was president.
It was still pleasant when I returned from the hospital that evening. Upon entering the house, I quickly raced through every room and opened every window. In less than one-half hour the house was cool and for the first time I looked forward to sleeping.
I went to bed a little after midnight. I undressed, opened my laptop, pulled up my favorite porn sites, and leaned back against the headboard. Thirty minutes later I closed the computer, wiped the juice off my belly, and laid down to rest.
With the windows open I was exposed to a new universe of sound--in the background I heard the steady rhythm of waves breaking on the beach; from two blocks away I heard a TV blaring the late night Sports Center; and just outside the window, the palm trees were rustling in the wind. I was sound asleep in minutes.
Sometime later I was awakened by the crashing of metal and wood against concrete. Grunting noises--both male and female--rounded out the cacophony. It took me a second to wake up and another second to realize what I was hearing.Someone is fucking right outside my bedroom.
I stood up and peeked through the front window. I saw nothing but an empty street. I looked out the side window. In the dim light I could see the wooden fence that separated my mother's yard from the neighbors'. I could see the shape of the bedroom window rising a few feet above the fence, but there were no lights on in the house. Nonetheless, I knew that the sexual symphony I was hearing originated from the open window on the other side of the fence.
Cloaked in darkness, I squinted and strained, searching for a glimpse of the couple whose lovemaking had disturbed my sleep. But no matter how hard I stared at the top half of that window, all I saw was darkness.
As the sounds of the bed springs stretching, the headboard banging into the wall, the woman's moans and the man's grunts rose to a crescendo, I found my hand wrapped around my fully erect cock, stroking it back and forth. I stood at the window and masturbated for several minutes, driven by the sound of the couple fucking next door.
After a few minutes I realized that no matter how hard I stared, I wasn't going to see anything; I could hear just as well from the bed as I could from the window. It made much more sense to lie down and make myself comfortable, rather than stand at the window jacking off and hoping I climaxed before I developed cramps in my legs.
Lying down was not only more comfortable, but it also freed my imagination. I could not recall ever having seen the neighbors, so I tried to picture the youngest, sexiest women in the neighborhood. There was a young mom on the corner--a little thin for my taste, but still pretty in a trailer trashy kind of way. There were two fifty-something sisters across the street; they were both heavy, but the younger of the two was a pretty redhead that I would fuck in a minute. There was a thick African-American woman two houses down with big breasts and an enormous ghetto booty; she would be one hell of a ride.
I was having a hard time thinking of anyone else who did not have silver hair and a walker, when I noticed that the two lovers were becoming much more vocal. She was urging him to push it deeper, and his grunts became louder and with every stroke. My rhythm matched theirs; I imagined that it was my cock pushing into the plump redhead from across the street. As her moans grew longer and more intense, my speed increased. When she started panting that she was cumming, I erupted--shooting my second load of the evening all over my belly.
I lay on the bed for a minute, and then got up and went to the bathroom to clean up. Without turning on any lights I grabbed a few sheets of toilet paper, wiped off the semen, and went back to sleep.
An hour later I was awakened again by the sounds of sex floating through the window. I didn't masturbate this time; once is healthy, twice is self-indulgent, and three time is just a total lack of self-discipline, I told myself. Instead, I tried very hard to match the woman's voice to a face. Despite my best efforts, I could not identify the originator of those moans. After a while, I gave up on memory and let my imagination take over. By the time her pussy was filled with her partner's second load of cum, I was picturing a mid-thirties brunette, with wide hips, heavy breasts, and a shaved pussy. I imagined her the mother of two small children, descended from Eastern Europe, and perhaps a pre-school teacher or secretary. In my mind she was all innocence on the outside, and wanton whore on the inside. No matter how much of my creation turned out to be inaccurate, I knew I got at least one detail right.
The next morning I got up, showered, dressed, and put on some coffee. I opened the front door and walked to the road to pick up the morning paper. I realized that I did not pick up yesterday's mail, so I turned and started toward the mailbox. My mother's mailbox shares a post with the neighbors' box, which is located at the end of their driveway. Just as I stepped toward the post, the front door of the neighbors' house opened. An older woman in a knee-length pink robe emerged from the house and walked toward the end of the driveway. Most of her brassy blonde hair--with dark brown and grey roots--was piled on top of her head and held in place by a large plastic clip; several locks had escaped confinement and were blowing in the breeze. As she walked toward me I could see that she had a pretty face beneath the smear of last night's make up. I guessed her age to be around sixty-five, but it could easily have been five years in either direction.
"Beautiful morning," she called to me.
"I love this weather," I answered.
The woman stepped over her newspaper, turned to face me, and then bent over and reached for the bundle. The top of her robe opened, revealing almost all of her breasts. They were a nice size--probably a C-cup--but had long ago lost the war with gravity. Her brown nipples stood out in the cool morning air. She reached for the paper, lingering a little longer than necessary in the bent forward position. A second later she grasped the paper and stood up. Her robe closed as she returned to the upright position.Did that just happen?
She extended her right hand in my direction, while clutching the newspaper against her chest with her left hand . I took her palm and gave a gentle shake.Was this the woman I heard getting fucked last night?I felt my cock stirring in my jeans.
"You must be Joanna's boy. I'm Evelyn--nice to meet you."
"I'm William. I'm here for a few weeks to help my mom, once she gets out of the hospital."
"How's Joanna doing?"
"The doctor said the surgery went well. As soon as she can get up and walk around, they should be sending her home. A couple more days, I imagine."
"She's lucky to have you here. If you need anything, just ask. My husband and I will do anything we can."
"Thank you. I appreciate that."
"Anything for Joanna's boy."
"Is it just the two of you living here?"
"Yes, our children are all grown. We moved into this house two years ago when Roger retired."
Itwasher!
Before I knew what was happening, she pulled me toward her and gave me a quick hug. It was over in a second, but in that brief moment I caught a good whiff of her aroma. The scent of stale cum and rank pussy wafted to my nose, overwhelming my senses.No doubt about it--it was definitely her.I inhaled deeply, taking in as much of her funk as the morning breeze would allow, and then released her.
"Take care, honey," she said. "And give my best to Joanna."
I watched her walk away, and then I turned and went back into the house.
The rest of the day followed the familiar routine. A half hour drive to the hospital; sitting all day with my mother; flirting with the nurses; half hour return drive; culminating in another solo dinner. I did do one thing differently: Before going to bed I looked up some "over-sixties" porn. I was surprised not only by the sheer number of such videos, but also by how hot some of the women looked to me. I resisted the urge to masturbate; I just browsed the clips for an hour and then went to sleep with a raging erection.
I don't know how long I slept, but once again I was awakened by the sound of the neighbors fucking just outside my bedroom. Just as I did the night before, I went to the side window and peered over the fence at their house. But unlike the previous night, light was streaming from the master bedroom window and the blinds were fully open. Unfortunately, the privacy fence between the two houses was doing exactly what it was designed to do--keeping my prying eyes from seeing the activity occurring in the bedroom.
Emboldened by the darkness blanketing the house, I raced out of the bedroom and parked myself on the family room sofa. The sofa sat in front of another window facing east and overlooking the neighbor's house. I parted the curtains and peered in the direction of the illuminated window. The viewing angle was sharper, thereby allowing a peek at a different portion of the bedroom. Despite the altered vantage point, however, the view was still the same. All I saw was the upper portion of a pastel yellow wall. To make matters worse, the family room windows were closed, so I couldn't hear a thing.
I stumbled to my bed in the dark, made myself comfortable, and started stroking my cock. This time I had no difficulty picturing the woman taking a pounding on the other side of the fence. Evelyn made it even easier for me by talking more and moaning less.
"Mmm," she cooed. "Give it to me. Give it to me baby. Mmmm. Fuck me hard. Mmmm. Fuck me like a young stud."
I almost blew my load when I heard that one.Is she thinking about me? Is she imagining that I'm fucking her? She knows I'm listening. She wants me to hear.
I went to the bathroom and found a bottle of baby oil. I returned to bed, poured some oil in my palm, and started a slow stroke. Evelyn's serenade coaxed my erection to historic degrees of hardness as my hand glided up and down the shaft.
"Fuck me, stud. Fuck me hard. Give me that stiff, hard cock."
I imagined Evelyn on her back, her legs spread wide, her breasts flattened against her chest, and her nipples sticking straight up.Take it baby, take my cock.I thrust into her as she wrapped her legs around my back, pulling me in deeper.Take it all, baby, take it deep.
"Mmm, that's it honey, fuck me good. Fuck me hard."
Honey! She called me "honey" this morning. Oh, I'll fuck you hard. I'll fuck you so fucking hard.My hand slid up and down my throbbing shaft, slowly gliding over the glans and making it twitch.I'm going to cum, baby. Get ready for it.
"Fuck me, baby. Fuck me like a strong young stud. That's it. Fuck me good."
Oh, I'm fucking you, baby. I'm fucking you. Do you like this cock, baby? Do you like this younger cock?
The bedsprings continued to bounce at a pace with the headboard banging against the cinder block wall.
"Fuck me. Make me cum. I'm almost there. Fuck me, stud, fuck me."
Take it, baby, take it. Take it all.My hand was a blur on my cock. The baby oil had run down my shaft, past my balls, and was sure to leave a grease spot on the sheet. I didn't care. This was the best masturbation session of my life.
"Yes! That's it! Yes! I'm cumming! I'm cumming! Yes!"
I'm cumming too! Take it baby, take my load! Oh, yes! Yes!A massive load of cum shot out of my balls, up my shaft, and erupted onto my belly. Some of it may have splashed off my face. I wasn't sure. I lay in bed for several minutes gasping for breath. Once my heart had slowed, I made my way to the bathroom and showered in the dark.
The next morning I sat by the front window, watching for Evelyn to retrieve her newspaper. I waited until it was time to leave for the hospital, but she never appeared. When I was out of time I left, more than a little disappointed. As I was backing out of the driveway, I saw Evelyn emerge from her house in that pink bathrobe. She waved to me as I pulled away.
That night I went to bed at the usual time. I awoke the next morning fully refreshed but disappointed by the fact that there was no repeat performance. I didn't see Evelyn before I left for the hospital, either. I didn't know if the game was over, or if I just didn't know all the rules.Maybe tonight.
Or maybe not. I sat in my room watching videos for nearly an hour before turning off the computer. I resisted the urge to squeeze one out, saving my load for another session with Evelyn. I awoke the next morning thoroughly refreshed, fully erect, and backed up to my eyeballs with cum. I showered, got dressed, and went to the road to pick up the newspaper. Just as I turned to walk back into the house, Evelyn appeared. She waved me over, meeting me at the mailbox. Once again she was naked under her robe, as evidenced by the nipples sticking through the pink cloth.
"How's Joanna?" she asked.
"Better," I answered. "Unless something goes wrong, she's coming home today."
I stared at her nipples in an attempt to open the front of her robe with my mind. Evelyn shook her head, causing her breasts to dance from side to side beneath the robe. My cock stirred in my pants.
"That's good to hear. I'll bet she's ready to come home."
"Oh, she is. She can't get any sleep in the hospital."
"I know what you mean. When I was hospitalized last year, the nurses were in all night checking on me and doing tests and whatever else they could do to wake me up. It's impossible to get any rest in there."
"Yeah, I expect she's going to come home and just sleep for a few days."
"What time are you going to get her?"
"In about an hour. I'm going to put on some coffee, maybe have a little breakfast, and then take off."
"Hey, I've got an idea. Why don't you come in and join my husband and I for coffee. I just put on a pot. And I have some muffins I'm sure you'll enjoy."
Oh yeah, I definitely want to snack on your muffin.My erection must have been visible. I could feel it twitching.
"I'd love to."
"Are you sure you have time?'
"Definitely."
"Let's go."
I followed Evelyn to the front door. While walking behind her I admired her legs, which were toned and tanned. Her hair was as messy as the last time I saw her, but at least she wasn't wearing last night's make-up. She didn't reek of sex, either, so I was sure that I had not slept through another late night performance.
We walked through the front door and entered the living room. That room opened to the back of the house, where her husband was already walking on a treadmill. The room also contained a stationary bicycle and a Nautilus weight machine.These two are certainly into fitness.
"Honey!" Evelyn barked in her husband's direction, while tapping her ear.
"Yes?" he answered, pulling the earbuds from his head.
"This is William. He's Joanna's boy. He's bringing her home from the hospital today."
"Oh, pleased to meet you William. I'm Roger."
He continued walking on the treadmill, not missing a step.
"My pleasure, Roger. The two of you have a very lovely home."
"That's all her doing. This is my room." Roger waved his arm around, indicating the various exercise equipment. "I may be retired, but I intend to keep on living for a good long time."
You're doing a hell of a job of that, my friend. That's some amazing stamina for someone your age.Beneath his tank top and his too small running shorts, it was apparent that Roger kept himself in good shape. He was no Charles Atlas, but--like Evelyn--he was toned, tanned, and in much better shape than most people a decade or two younger.
"This is a nice set up. Do you work out every day?"
"We try to, at least an hour a day. My doctor lectured me for years to take better care of myself, and now that I have the time, I make it a point to do the best I can. I apologize, but I need to pick up the pace a little. Tell your mother we wish her the best."
"I'll do that. She'll appreciate hearing from you."
Roger put his earbuds back in, adjusted the speed on the treadmill, and went back to work. Evelyn led me to the front room and maneuvered me to a chair facing the back of the house. She went to the kitchen, and returned a second later carrying a tray loaded down with a pot of coffee, two cups, cream, sugar, and a plate of muffins.
"How do you like your coffee?" she asked, taking a seat across from me and with her back to Roger.
"Just cream."
Evelyn poured a cup, handed it to me, and then poured herself a cup. She picked up the plate of muffins and handed it to me.
"Would you like to try my muffin?"
My heart rate accelerated and my cock throbbed.Oh, hell yes!
"Sure, what kind is it?"
"It's a special recipe: Oat bran, dried cranberries and acai, nuts, safflower oil, and sweetened with pomegranate juice. It's a very healthy breakfast. Eating my muffin every morning is what keeps Roger in such good shape."
I nearly spit up my coffee. My cock strained against my underwear, fully loaded and ready to go off at any second.
"I'll bet," I managed to sputter out.
"How do you like it?" she asked.
"It's delicious," I lied.
It was awful, like eating sawdust and sour apples.But I'll say anything you want to hear if you show me another peek of your boobs.
"Roger and I both try to take care of our bodies. He wants to live a good long life, and he wants to enjoy all that it offers."
"And you?"
"Oh, that's certainly important."
"But...?"
"I'm a woman. Women like to be looked at and admired. We like attention. Young women take it for granted, but wrinkled up old ladies miss it before they even know its gone."
"I never thought of that. I always assumed that women get tired of being ogled all the time."
"No woman ever gets tired of being admired."
"I'm sure that Roger gives you plenty of attention."
I glanced over her shoulder and looked in Roger's direction. As I did, Evelyn's thighs parted a few inches, offering a brief glance at her crotch.Was that her bush?It was only there for a second, then her legs closed and it was gone. My erection started to ache.
"Oh he does, but that's not what I mean. It's one thing to have your spouse admire you. It's something completely different to have every eye in the room looking at you--to know that every head is turning in your direction when you enter, and to know that every man desires you. It's exhilarating. In some ways, its what I live for."
"I see."
"That's why women wear make up, stylish clothes, and fuss with our hair. We want men to pay attention to us. All men, not just our spouses."
"That urge doesn't decline with age? Don't you get over it?"
"Never--at least not for me."
"Does Roger know this?" I glanced over her shoulder again.
Her thighs parted, a little wider and for a few more seconds than last time. My eyes immediately looked down, where I confirmed my earlier suspicion that I was seeing her bush.Oh god, this is such sweet torture.I looked up to her face, as her thighs closed again.
"He gets it a little bit, but he doesn't understand my need to be watched the way I am sure that you do."
"How so?"
I looked in Roger's direction again. Once again, she pulled my attention back by opening her thighs and giving me a glimpse of her pussy. My eyes darted to her crotch, where they remained focused until she opened her mouth to speak.I've become Pavlov's dog.
"He understands that I crave his attention. But he would never understand that intimately exposing my need to be desired makes me feel more feminine--and more sexy. All he understands is that the when I am free to express my sexuality, our sex life is better. The mechanism that drives my passion is lost on him. But that's ok. He knows he's going to get a good fuck when you leave."
"How does he know that?" I gasped.
I heard a beeping noise in the back room. I looked past Evelyn and saw Roger turn off the treadmill before taking a seat at the Nautilus. That machine was facing the wall.
Evelyn opened her robe and spread it wide, flashing her entire body at me. My cock strained against my shorts. Her breasts sagged and she was a little thick around the middle, but her skin was smooth and her shape was pleasing.Not bad, for sixty-five.Before I could even breathe she had already closed the robe and re-tied the belt.
"Because every time we have sex it's a good fuck. Now, don't you have to be somewhere?"
I stood up to leave. There was no hiding my erection. Evelyn walked me to the door, but stopped before opening it. She opened her robe and gave me a quick hug, pressing her soft naked body against mine.I'm going to cum in my pants.
"Th-thanks for the coffee," I stammered
"You're welcome. Stop by anytime."
While driving to the hospital, I tried to make sense of what had happened. Evelyn was obviously flashing her bush at me, but I couldn't figure out if Roger knew what she was doing.Is this some game they play? Or is she the only one playing? Is this how she controls him? She sure had me under her control.I couldn't make heads or tails of the conversation. Only two things stuck out to me: her mention of "intimately" and "exposing."She gets off knowing that I'm listening to her fuck...and I think she wants me to watch.
I had to wait several hours before the hospital completed my mother's discharge. By the time we returned to the house she was ready for a nap. The cold front had moved on, and the warm weather was back in full force. As a result, I had to close up the house so that she could sleep comfortably.
My mother awoke just in time for dinner. I prepared a light, healthy dinner for her, but she preferred a cup of chicken broth. I ate dinner alone while she sipped her broth and watched television.
She was ready for bed by nine. It took me nearly a half hour to administer all her medications, dress her for bed, and set up her cushions and bolsters in a comfortable sleeping position. By nine-thirty I once again found myself in front of the television, spending another evening alone.
I turned off the TV at eleven and retreated to my room. I was in middle of perusing my favorite porn sites when it occurred to me that with the windows closed, I would not be able to hear Evelyn and Roger's next performance. As an alternative, I searched until I found a clip of a mature blonde fucking a young dark-haired man, and used that as the inspiration for my evening wank. It was a poor substitute for Evelyn's live sex show.
After finishing I cleaned up, put the computer away, and lay on the bed. I tossed and turned for an hour, but sleep eluded me. I was certain that Evelyn was planning a performance for me, and it frustrated me no end that I was going to miss it."He doesn't understand my need to be watched the way I am sure that you do."Those words haunted me. I went to the window and cracked the blinds just enough so that I could see Evelyn's bedroom window. No luck--it was dark.
I turned on the computer and answered a few e-mails. I pulled up another video, but resisted the urge to masturbate again. I went on Craigslist and browsed the personals. Thirty minutes later I turned off the computer and tried once again to go to sleep.
Five minutes passed, then the light went on in Evelyn's bedroom. I went to the window and watched for several minutes, but I still couldn't see anything from that angle."He doesn't understand my need to be watched the way I am sure that you do."I had to do something, but I didn't know what. I put on a pair of shorts and went to the back of the house. I peeked through the family room window, but I already knew this strategy wouldn't work. As expected, I couldn't see a thing."He doesn't understand my need to be watched the way I am sure that you do."I had to think of something else.
I went back to my room and stared at the portion of the window glowing yellow above the fence.They're probably fucking already.I crept to the family room, and then returned to the bedroom.I have to do something.I was pacing like an agitated lion.
There was only one thing I could think of, but it was too crazy to contemplate."He doesn't understand my need to be watched the way I am sure that you do."I looked at the window one more time, and then I made my decision.I'll do it.
I slipped out of my bedroom, and stopped to check on my mother.She's snoring--perfect.I went to the back door and slid open the sliding glass door. Wearing only my shorts, I stepped through and closed the door behind me.
I tip-toed through the backyard until I reached the fence.
"Mmm, honey, just like that," Evelyn cooed.
I couldn't see over the fence, but my suspicions were confirmed. Despite the heat, Evelyn and Roger were going at it with the windows open."He doesn't understand my need to be watched the way I am sure that you do."I opened my zipper, pulled out my cock, and started stroking.
"Taste me, honey," Evelyn urged, "lick me right here."
Having already cum an hour or so earlier, I knew that it would take me a while to orgasm again. I decided that I needed to make myself more comfortable, so I scanned the backyard for something to sit on. I crept over to the deck and picked up a patio chair, which I then carried to the fence--moving as slowly and silently as possible. Once I was sure that no one had heard me, I pulled out my cock and resumed jacking off.
"That's it! You're such a good boy. Lick it up, honey, lick my muffin."
I recalled the conversation from earlier in the day.She's performing for me. She wants me to imagine that I'm eating her pussy.
"Mmm, stud, you're making me cum. Don't you just love my muffin?"
My cock was as hard as it had ever been at anytime of my life.
"Oh! Oh! Right there! Mmm. Yes! I'm cumming! You're making me cum!"
I stroked up and down, enjoying every sound coming through that window. I had never before masturbated outdoors, but at that moment the historical significance was lost on me. My sole focus was the woman spread out on the bed with her husband's face between her thighs, licking her to orgasm.
"That was so good, honey, now it's my turn. Feed me."
I heard some rustling of the sheets, and then the next sound was a long groan from Roger. I imagined Evelyn swallowing his entire sword. I was close to cumming.
"Oh, yes, baby, yes," Roger moaned. "You're the best cocksucker in the world."
It occurred to me that Evelyn couldn't talk with her mouth full of Roger's cock. Until she finished or moved on, all I was going to hear was Roger, and he was far less vocal than Evelyn. My erection started to wane.
"He doesn't understand my need to be watched the way I am sure that you do."
I debated myself for several seconds, and then made up my mind. Before my rational brain could reassert itself, I stood on the chair and looked over the fence.
The view was worth the risk. Roger was laying on his back with his legs spread wide. Evelyn was on her hands and knees between his thighs; her face was bobbing up and down on his cock. I couldn't see that part so well--my view consisted of her ass and pussy. From this angle I got full confirmation of the bush I had only glimpsed in brief flashes earlier. My erection returned, with a vengeance.
Evelyn continued sucking Roger for several minutes. I stood on the chair and pulled on my cock, imagining that I was on the bed behind her, my erect cock stabbing in and out of her pussy. Roger grunted and groaned as Evelyn increased the intensity of her blow job. Five minutes later, he was on the edge of cumming.
"Suck it! I'm cumming! Suck it, baby! Suck it! Mmmmm! Yes! Here it cums!"
Roger pushed her head down, burying his cock in her throat. Evelyn swallowed his load, and then sat up when Roger released his grip on her skull.
"That was a big load, baby. Have you been saving it for me?"
"That was just the beginning. I've got plenty more for you tonight."
"Good. I'm ready to cum again."
Evelyn turned around and faced the window. I ducked, hoping that she didn't see me.
"Mmmm, you're so hard, honey. Are you going to give me a good fucking with that thing?"
"I'm gonna fuck you all night long. I hope you don't have any plans for tomorrow morning."
I heard the bedsprings squeaking. I looked over the fence, and was amazed to see Roger still lying on his back, with Evelyn straddling him in the reverse cowgirl position.He's already hard again! I would need a half hour of recovery time, at least.
"Mmm, your cock is filling me up. Fuck me baby, fuck my pussy."
My hand returned to my cock.I'm watching her fuck. I can't believe I'm watching her fuck.Evelyn was completely naked, and her body was glistening with sweat. Her face was flushed, her hair was spilling over her shoulders, and her breasts were jiggling. She looked beautiful.
Evelyn glanced upward. I ducked, but not in time. Her eyes met mine, and she smiled.
This is crazy.I tried to get off the chair and leave, but my legs refused to move. "He doesn't understand my need to be watched the way I am sure that you do."I inched my head upward until my eyes cleared the fence. Evelyn saw me again, and waved.
"Oh, that's it. Give me that cock. Fuck me stud. Fuck me like a young buck."
She knows I'm watching, and it turns her on.
"Are you going to cum again for me? Are you going to fill me with your cum, stud?"
Roger groaned. I pulled on my cock, unable to take my eyes away from the action inside the bedroom. Evelyn continued riding.
"Mmmm. Fuck me. It's so good. So good. Fuck me, stud, fuck me."
I stood on the chair and jacked off. Evelyn rolled her hips, looked back at Roger, and then waved at me again. This time, however, it wasn't a greeting. It appeared that she was waving me to come closer.
She doesn't want...?I continued watching Evelyn and Roger fuck. Every few minutes she would look up at me and wave. Roger was oblivious. He was still laying flat on his back, with his hands behind his head, and looking up at the ceiling--if his eyes were open at all.
"Pound me baby! Get behind me and pound me!"
Evelyn climbed off Roger and resumed the hands and knees position. Roger knelt behind her, placed his cock against her pussy, and entered. He started slowly, but after a minute or two he was slamming into her. The bedsprings were getting a full workout while the headboard slammed against the wall. For a second I was worried that the neighbors would look through their windows and see me, but I quick scan of the other houses revealed that they all appeared closed.
"He doesn't understand my need to be watched the way I am sure that you do."
I had to get closer. I put my dick away, picked up the chair, and moved it to the far end of the fence.What am I doing? This is insane!I stood on the chair and listened. All I could hear was the animal sex emanating from the bedroom window. I hoisted myself on top of the fence and then lowered myself to the other side.
I crept to the edge of the house, where I flattened myself against the wall. I slowly eased myself to the window. Once there, I crouched below the ledge and waited for my heart to stop pounding.
"Ungh! Ungh! Ungh! Ungh!"
"Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes!"
I don't know which was louder, Evelyn or the bed."He doesn't understand my need to be watched the way I am sure that you do."I unzipped my shorts, pulled out my cock, and resumed stroking.I can't believe I'm doing this!
I inched my head closer to the window and peeked. Both of them were facing away from me. Roger had his hands on Evelyn's hips and was giving her pussy a thorough doggy style beating.How can that old guy fuck like that? He's amazing!
I stood at the window and watched for several minutes. I was standing in the neighbors' yard, jacking off while they gave me a live sex show. I wanted to hold out and cum with Roger and Evelyn, but I was getting too close.Any second now.But then Evelyn surprised me again.
"My backdoor! I want you in the backdoor!"
"What?"
"Use the backdoor!"
"Are you sure?"
"Yes! The backdoor!"
"But you never want it in your ass."
"I want it tonight! Use the backdoor! You won't be disappointed!"
Does she mean...? She didn't say to 'fuck her in the ass', she said to 'use the backdoor.' She wants me to go inside the house.
"Come on, baby, my backdoor's open tonight."
"Do you want it in your ass?"
"Yes, dammit! Yes! Go in through the backdoor! Stop wasting time! Just do it!"
"He doesn't understand my need to be watched the way I am sure that you do."I edged around to the back of the house.I can't do this.I reached the door and turned the handle.It's unlocked!I pulled the door open and looked inside.This is breaking and entering.I stepped through the door.No it's not. She invited me.I pulled the door shut.Tell that to the cops. She'll deny it.I released the door handle.No she won't.I stepped around the Roger's exercise equipment and tiptoed toward the bedroom."He doesn't understand my need to be watched the way I am sure that you do."
I eased into the hallway. As I turned the corner and approached the bedroom, the light suddenly dimmed. The entire house--and the hallway in which I was standing--became darker. I froze. My heart nearly exploded in my chest.
"Is that better?" Roger asked.
"Much. The overhead light was making my eyes water. This is more relaxing."
"You've never complained about bright lights before."
"You've never tried to shove that fat cock up my ass."
"So was it the light or my cock that was making your eyes water?"
"Don't worry about it. Just put some more lube on it and try again."
I resumed my silent creep toward the bedroom.Five more steps.It was almost completely dark, but the floor plan was simple and there was just enough light coming through the doorway to illuminate my path.Almost there.
"More lube, please!"
"Just relax, you're the one who wanted this."
"You're splitting me in two. Go slower."
"I'm sorry. I don't have a lot of experience with this, you know. Are you sure you want to do this?"
"Yes, dammit--just go slow and be gentle."
"Is that better?"
"Ungh. Oh, god!"
"Are you ok?"
"Yes. It's in. Now just go slow."
I reached the end of the hall. I peeked around the corner. Evelyn was face down on the bed, with her hips propped up by a stack of pillows. Her face was pressed against the mattress, and she was clutching the sheets with both hands. Roger was straddling her ass, with one hand on his cock and the other on her hip. The only light in the room came from a small table lamp next to the bed. That lamp created a pool light just big enough to include the bed and a little bit of the floor. The table was between me and the bed, so it was impossible to be seen so long as I remained in the hallway.
"Why did you...?
"Because that's what I want. Now just fuck me."
"The feeling is incredible."
"Ungh. My ass is so full. Your cock feels huge."
"It's the same size as always. It's your ass that's so tight. This feels amazing."
"Slow down. Easy."
"Ok--how's that?"
"Better."
"Why haven't we done this before?"
"I'll tell you what. Let me shove a cock up your ass and then you tell me why we haven't done it before."
"I was just asking. Anyway, this was your idea."
"Don't make me regret it. Go a little faster."
"Mmmm. Your ass is amazing."
"Faster."
"Like this?"
"Yes. Perfect."
The bed was squeaking, and the headboard was starting to slam against the wall. My cock was aching for release. I slowly unzipped my shorts and pulled it out. I stood in the darkened hallway and masturbated, while Roger was invading Evelyn's ass a mere six feet away. My heart was pounding so fast I thought it would explode. The tension in my balls was building, and I knew it would be just a few more minutes before I erupted.
"Harder. Fuck me harder!"
"You like it now, don't you?"
"Just fuck me. I want you to cum for me."
"He doesn't understand my need to be watched the way I am sure that you do."
"I'm about to explode."
So am I. Just a few more seconds.
"Fill me! Fill my ass with your cum!"
Oh, baby, get ready. I'm going to fill you with so much cum it's going to be coming out your nose.
"Harder! Deeper! Fill me! Fill me!"
Almost. Get ready.
"Fill me! Give it to me! Fill me! Harder!"
Oh, yes! Just another second.
"Give it to me! All of it! Fill me! Now! Fill me!"
Ohhhhhhhh! Here it cums, baby, here it cums!Three huge jets of cum spurted from my cock. The first struck the wall. The second and third splashed on the floor. I continued stroking as a few more drops of jizz dripped onto the terrazzo.Fuck! That was so hot!When I was done, I leaned against the wall to catch my breath.I hope she has a plan for cleaning this mess up.
"Where are you going?" Evelyn asked.
"To go clean up--take a shower, and wash my dick."
"Wait a minute. Lay here and hold me for a little while."
How am I going to get out of here? Fuck!
"Just for a minute. I really need to get cleaned up."
"Hold on. You're not ready to go again, are you?'
"I will be as soon as I finish in the bathroom."
"Those blue pills are absolutely amazing."
"Another miracle of modern science. Between the healthier diet, daily exercise, and these blue pills, I'm going to enjoy my retirement for good long time. Now let me up. I need to wash."
"Slow down and let me catch my breath, honey. Hand me the remote. I want to watch some TV."
"Now?"
Yes! Turn on the TV, and make it loud enough that I can't be heard sneaking out the back door.I tucked my cock back into my shorts and reached for the zipper. In my haste to get out, I pulled it up a little too quickly.
"What was that?" Roger asked.
"I didn't hear anything."
"Shhhhhh. I think there's someone in the house."
"Where are you going?"
"I'm getting my gun out of the closet."
"NO!" Evelyn screamed. "Stay here and wait for the police. Let them handle it."
I took off running for the back door.
"Stop! I'm calling the police! Evelyn, call 911! Now!"
I reached the backdoor before Roger had even emerged from the closet. I opened the door, slammed it closed, and sprinted for the back fence. I jumped onto a patio table, vaulted the fence, landed in the alley, and continued running at full speed. I ran about six blocks before I was too tired to take another step. I collapsed on the ground and hid beside an overgrown hedge.Fuck! Fuck! Fuck!I didn't hear any footsteps behind me.I think I lost him.
It took me nearly thirty minutes to make my way home. I ran from tree to tree, hiding behind hedges and between parked cars, sticking to the shadows as much as possible while I arced my way back to the house. I climbed over the fence from the west side, and made my way to the back door. Once inside the house I slipped into the bedroom and went to bed.
Fifteen minutes later a police cruiser pulled into the neighbors' driveway. I couldn't hear the conversation, but they were there for nearly an hour before leaving.No one saw me. My finger prints are all over the place! I've never been arrested, so my prints aren't in any data base. I left a DNA sample all over the wall! Evelyn probably cleaned it up. What if she didn't? Fuck!
I didn't get any sleep that night. The next morning I got up at the usual time and put on a pot of coffee. I got my mom out of bed, fixed her breakfast, and went out to pick up the morning paper. Just as I reached the end of the driveway, Evelyn opened the door and walked out in her pink bathrobe.
"Good morning," she called.
"Is it?" I asked. "You two had a little excitement last night."
"Oh, that? Someone broke into our house. Didn't take anything, so we were pretty lucky."
"Did they get away?"
"The cops said there have been a lot of B & E's in this area lately. Neither my husband nor I saw anything, and the police couldn't get a good fingerprint, but they think they know who it was. They're just waiting for some stolen goods to turn up at the pawn shop before they can make an arrest."
"They were there for an awful long time. Did they find any other evidence?"
"Nothing useful. The officers were very thorough. We had to check every room in the house to make sure nothing was missing. They went through my bedroom, even though I told them the burglar never made it that far. My underwear and all my intimate bedroom things were exposed. Our sheets were rather messy, so they had a pretty good idea why we didn't hear him enter."
"That must have been uncomfortable."
"Are you kidding? I was in nothing but this bathrobe the entire time. Their eyes were roaming all over the place. It was an invasion. An awesome invasion. Actually, the entire night was an uncomfortable, awesome invasion. I can't wait for next time."
She hugged me and then walked back into the house.
* * * *
I want to give special thanks to my editor, Alabasterthighs. Her assistance is greatly appreciated.