Okay people, can we just get past the fact I fucked my Dad and my brother? Sure the DP was fun but come on stop looking at me like I'm the worst daughter ever. Daddy liked it. My brother loved it. Me? I'm going back for more. So BITE ME! LOL! Story for another day, when it happens. You know it will, so stop rolling your eyes at me. LOL
It's been a few weeks since that night. We've kept in touch by text to console one another. Daddy feels a bit of shame but I think he knows what he wants. LOL! Chad? I created a beast. My bro wants me whenever I have free time. As if I have free time. LOL! Guys are trying to get me every second of the day. It's becoming hard to go to work even. My boss still wants me, my co-workers want me. Heck my Boss even wants a threesome with his wife. I just might. LOL! As much fun as that all sounds I kind of miss my showing off in public. I need to get back out there and really tease hard. After getting away with everything at two malls and even on a mass transit bus I miss the peeps. It's fun to reach out to new guys and feed upon their lust for me. Nothing better.
A few of my Mall studs have been challenging me to break my gangbang record. Wish I knew what my record was? LOL! Kinda lost count. Over 30 I think, probably more, so if I do accept the challenge it needs to exceed 30. I'm totally game for that as long as it's not some staged party and a line out the door. I want to challenge them as much as they are me. So...I sent out a mass text to over 60 guys that I'd been challenged but only accepting it on my terms if they wanna take part. My idea is this...I'm going to start walking and they have to find me and fuck me wherever I am at the time. I'll send texts of my current locations and they just need to come tag Muah. So much potential in this. Condoms a must. No latex no lay me. LOL!
With the weekend coming I gave out instructions three days prior. All they had to reply back with is I'M IN. In me that is. LOL! So there you have it folks. Follow me? No serious...FOLLOW ME!! LOL! You're welcome to join in if you can locate me. You know you want to. LOL! Just come to Indianapolis this weekend and bring a condom. Hell bring a friend. LOL! Invites open. See me there. LOL!
Alright, back to reality. It's been over three weeks since David let his sons fuck my Mom. She still has no clue. Deserves her right for cheating on David. On my real Dad too even though they're divorced now. She's lucky David is sticking around. Part of me wonders if he's only doing that because of me. It's not that he's fucking me on the side, I think David just really cares about me. Loves Mom, but adores me. Keeping the family together seems to be on his agenda, which I'm happy about. I really don't want Mom to know about us. I love my Mom and even as shallow as she is in her relationships I don't truly wanna crush her by my stupidity. Nor, do I wanna stop being stupid. LOL! I'm a slut! Pure and simple. Maybe I am like Mom to a degree. If I were in a relationship I doubt I could be faithful either. I like dick way too much. Variety is the spice they say. Well, I like spicy. Except for Ginger it has no soul. LOL! At any rate, the family is still together. For now.
I'll get back to you guys on the weekend...
Saturday morning is here. Time to rise and shine Studs. Grab your condoms and charge those cellphones for directions. I'm always asked what am I wearing? How cliché, right? I just take pics and send them in mass. I selected three choices in clothing for the vote. Whichever got the most votes I plan on wearing. My choices were one my favorite micro mini skirt and camisole combos. Second being a sundress easily see through. Third a skimpy black bikini. For giggles I offered a fourth option where I was totally nude except for bobby socks. Of course, that was the winning vote. LOL! If I could I would peeps. Cops and kids wouldn't like that. If I was close to home then maybe I'd risk it. We'll see. Black bikini seemed to be getting a good amount of votes.
As I got showered up and looking adorably sexy I let the votes tally. While I was doing my make up David knocked on my bedroom door and came in. Mom was off on a job so he and I were the only ones home. Entering he moved behind me and I watched him in the mirror as he rubbed my shoulders tenderly. We talked about everything that happened yet again. I keep telling him I'm okay as long as Mom doesn't get hurt. Guilt slipped a bit even though he wasn't ever giving up on his lust for me. He wouldn't be rubbing my shoulders and kissing my neck if he were too stressed. I let him in on my walkabout and clothing vote. He was taken by surprise I think. Although he knows through his sons I'm capable of gangbangs, large ones at that. The whole outdoors in public spooked him I think. I just giggled and said YOU WOULD BAIL ME OUT. He agreed laughing. If not him my Dad would. i got this shit covered. LOL!
Looking at my cell pic tally I showed David my choices. He was partial to the bobby socks. LOL! Horndogs! Now I wanna wear them. LOL! He thought about what I was doing and posed an option. He could drive me around town and I could wear only the socks but get out wherever I felt comfortable and do my thing. Nice idea but I don't want my guys shying off due to a bodyguard. Least of all one that looked like my Dad. I declined. Face done I went back into my bedroom, David following like a lost puppy. I even bent over my bed and let him jerk off over my ass just to keep him happy with me. All while I was texting. LOL! I can walk and chew gum at the same time. LOL!
Votes over. Bikini won out even though I knew that the public might be leery of so much skin. That and technically it was against the law to wear so little out in public. Morality spoke. Was I worried about that? No. I planned on losing the bikini a lot today anyways. I just needed to be careful where I was and whom might observe me. Teasing was a risk no matter what or how I did it, I'd gotten away with far too much without getting busted to worry now. I'm choosing to take this risk. At least my bikini wasn't G-string style, if that was any consolation. Still sexy enough. David finished over my ass so I quickly washed off and put on my bikini. Looking it over in my mirror I asked David's opinion. SHOULD I WEAR THIS IN PUBLIC? He nodded his approval but said the bobby socks would be sexier. OMG! I wanna go nude now. LOL!
While the bikini did hide all the essentials I found myself torn. I know it was going to get the attention I deserve but I really wanted to get riskier. I did put on bobby socks. LOL! David still insisted I let him drive me around. I finally made a deal with him. He could drive me to wherever I wanted to get out and follow me from a distance. No contact until I needed a ride home. Logically it was safer. That, and when I could lose the bikini I had a place to leave it. LOL! COME ON DAVID LET'S RIDE.
I did prearrange a meet with certain guys to help me run interference when it became necessary. So David was essentially just another bodyguard. Dropping me off at a parking garage I began my journey. That garage was busy, it did have cameras but I counted on nobody watching those cameras unless someone reported me. My hope was that the person watching said camera later would be on my side. LOL! Pervs everywhere right? You know I'm right.
Taking me to the roof I got out and David parked far enough away not to interfere. I lingered up there leaning against other cars while texting. Within ten minutes my entourage showed up and I got the balls a rolling. Giving my four groupies their first chance at me I sure enough lost that bikini and went full on slut. I fucked on the car hoods of whatever was close by. I bent over and took it however they wanted me. Once they finished, more followers reached me. I moved from floor to floor and had sex on over ten cars. I noticed a few had dash cams. Wearing my sunglasses as my only disguise I made certain to look into that camera and beg PLEASE FUCK ME. Let's hope the owner wished he was there to get some. LOL!
Within the first hour there I had 13 guys. Quickies pretty much all. What I didn't know until the end of my adventure was that one of my entourage was milking condoms into a Big Gulp cup. LOL! Saving it in case I got thirsty. Holding out on me! LOL! We'll get to that drink later.
In the garage I stayed nude but by the time I got down to ground level I figured I should put that bikini back on. There was a problem with that though. My entourage refused to give it back to me. They demanded I stay nude. HELL YES! Just watch my back boys. Let Violet do her thing. I noticed one of my guys race ahead to the garage toll booth. A pudgy man sat collecting fares. He was warned I was coming. Yep! Fucked him. LOL! I sat in his lap riding him with people coming in and going out. OMG! Nobody and I mean nobody objected. So fucking cool. I even collected money from one guy on his way out. He asked for my number. Of course I gave it to him. I made him show me his dick to be certain he wasn't trapping me. Nice dick. LOL! Big head thick shaft. I had to tell him to hold up. He watched me finish off Toll Booth Guy then rush out to hop into the passenger side of his car. I asked him sweetly to pull out on to the street and park at a meter. I noticed a vacant meter across the street and he managed to beat anyone else to it.
Putting his seat back I asked if he had a condom, thankfully he did. I rode him right there on the street. Cars driving by gawking and grinning. Did anybody care what I did? LOL! What's the world cumming to? LOL! Me of course. My entourage across the street waited until my driver was done, then I crawled off and got out of his car. Taking a huge risk I ran across the street through oncoming traffic. Horns tooting and people laughing. So much fun. A cab driver even pulled up asking if I needed a ride. I rode him. As I was finishing up on him a few of my text buddies showed up and got into the backseat of the cab. I jumped in back and fucked them as the cabbie drove us around. It reminded me of my ride with Mitch and his friends on the way to the mall. I even hung out the door window flashing my tits.
After an eventful ride my guys paid my fare and I hooked back up at the parking garage. I waved at David in the distance, he was still hanging tough and giving me a thumbs up. I love David. LOL! Deciding I had enough guys with me I went for a walk. We successfully walked five blocks. More guys locating me within my cloaking studs. I was literally fucked from behind up against a trash receptacle along a curb. Just to be mean my boys gave me plenty of space to be seen, parting so traffic could view us going by. The horns were relentless. Realizing just how much I was achieving while totally nude I got bold. I told my entourage to keep giving me space. Let the fucking people see. I even walked across a crosswalk where people were walking the other way. Women praised my boldness. Guys drooled. Drivers waved and whistled.
Again, I lost count of how many guys I'd fucked. Luckily my entourage was keeping track. I was up to 22 now. In two hours time. Go me. No stopping now. I was getting edgy the further I prowled, I was moving into a business district. Not to mention I was being propositioned by way to many cars pulling up to the curb. They presumed I was a hooker. Probably should be. LOL! Finally, after being harassed some my entourage came to my rescue and surrounded me again. Off we went, David circling the block keeping a close eye.
At a convenient store we crossed the lot and I flashed guys pumping gas. Some were coaxed around the corner where an air hose was. One of them fucked me against the wall of the store. From there I was dared to enter the store. I agreed as long as I was blocked going in then out. Within the store were two employees one male another female. She was definitely a dike. LOL! She was all for letting me get away with anything I wanted. The guy was less receptive, kind of shy. Cameras or not I told my boys to give me room. I poured myself a fountain drink and greeted men coming in to pay for gas. One volunteered to pay for my drink. Nice guy. Married and faithful though.
The girl working there asked to eat me out. Sure! Why not? It all added to my adventure. I sat on the front counter and let her while the male employee kept busy with being cashier. It amazed us all how cool people coming in were. Girl on girl really made guys happy. LOL! After a quick fix on my part, it felt good to cum again but on my terms. After seeing a cop pull up outside we were led out the back door for safety. Whew! Got lucky there.
Taking a break I claimed my cellphone from one of my entourage and shot texts of my location accompanied by a pic out to reel in more fun. Walking a block further down there was Mechanic shop. Tires, brakes, things like that. Garage doors open for ventilation I made my way toward them. Seeing me coming all work ceased. Guys were taking breaks of their own. I entered without asking and said hi. Flirting came easy, in minutes I was bent over a set of Firestone tires and hit hard. I screamed so loud a guy working there used a torque wrench to make deafening sounds to mask my distress. FUCK YESSSSS! Two guys in a row. Traffic driving by on the street watching.
The owner took me inside a waiting room and tapped me there more privately. Air conditioning. FINALLY! Waiting on his car another man just watched and smiled. Evidently the owner knew the guy because he said OVERLOOK US JOHN. He didn't. LOL! Flat on my back he tore me up missionary. After cumming hard I rested a bit before moving on. Everyone took care of me. 26 guys, 1 girl. Getting close to that 30. I needed to go bigger. On our way out a tow truck driver pulled a car in. He nailed me after unhooking it. Outdoors against his tow truck. 28!
Three blocks down we found a small park. A group of young men were playing basketball. I volunteered to play. I sucked but it was good for laughs. Right on the free throw line I was nailed. DP even. Daaaaaaaaamn that was a nice relay. I dribbled like a bitch. LOL! Every single one of those guys filled condoms. 34! Beat my record I think. Might need to go higher just to be certain. LOL!
Finding us in the park another six men parked and fucked me in the grass and on a tennis court. I had to be surrounded when some younger kids came through on skateboards. Minor setback. LOL! They heard me, no way they missed that much. My guys shooed them away without being seen. 40 now. I wish I could say I was tired but dammit I needed more dick. When I go gangbang I just get this craving. Maybe I need therapy. No I told my Dad that, he said no you just need me. LOL! True.
Hanging out in the park another four showed up. OMG! MITCH!! My bus buddy, my mall amigo, my convertible lover. I ran past everyone and jumped into his arms. It was good to see Mitch again. As we got reacquainted he told me he had a surprise coming. I was excited to see what he had for me. Seeing as I had not gone to his Fraternity, he brought the Fraternity to me. Twelve of his college buddies came cruising in until there were no more parking spaces. I danced about as Mitch took me by the hair and led me into them. Swarmed by lust they took me hard. I hadn't sucked much dick today but they were making up for lost time. I was face fucked by five of the twelve. Fucked by all twelve. Anal by three. 52 guys. OMG! YESSSSSSSSSSS!
Mitch made me promise to let him take me out again. No way was I saying no. I needed my Mitch. LOL! He was my pimp. LOL! Exhausted and reeking I decided 52 was good enough. Even though my guys said no way. LOL! As Mitch and his bunch took off I lay in the grass just relaxing. Some of my entourage came back for seconds. Why the hell not? Taking it doggy I watched traffic going by. I was far enough back from the street to not be stressed. David pulled in after circling the park like 30 times while I was busy. Behind him to my shock were his sons. Oh shit! What did I do now?
In their SUV's they had three friends each. Guys from their Frat. They joined us and there I lay screaming until I was hoarse. Fucked by my future step brothers yet again, and all their friends. David this time got out of his car and watched me being manhandled into every position possible. 60! OMG!
Gotta admit my holes were raw. I'd dried up long ago and nobody cared. If I'd had lube I could go on further. Lube I got the hard way. My entourage member with that Big Gulp cup filled the last drop brought it up for me to finally notice. Handing it to David I literally watched him kneel over me and spill it over my body from head to toe. Saving some he made me drink the rest. OMG! Bukkake chaser. My mouth was frothing. I LOVE MILKSHAKES. LOL! Yummy. Oh, David removed my bobby socks and used them as a napkin to dab the corners of my mouth. Ewww!
Of course the Larabee boys videoed every drop. Pornstar Violet reporting for booty. LOL! David tossed the cup, stood up and dropped his pants in front of everyone. Never would I have imagined David to do it, but he fucked me covered in the cum of God knows how many condoms my buddy milked. Surely, he didn't get 61 condoms. David? He didn't wear a rubber. I felt every last shot he sent into me. I'm fine with him going without. It shocked me his sons even wore a condom. Finally, guys were listening. LOL!
The remainder of my day I was treated to a bath at a car wash. LOL! I laid on his hood while he washed his car masturbating just as he told me to. It was exhilarating, customers watching me play. I even hopped down and helped other customers wash their cars. No one else fucked me but I was felt up by four other men. I need to do this more often, it's fun being so open in public, most of all when I'm being coaxed into more and more. David liked showing me off. Who am I to deny? LOL!
In his car on the way out David asked me where to next. I was tired, but open to suggestions so I left it up to him. He chuckled and said, HOW ABOUT THE ZOO? I bulged my eyes then pointed at him. NO BESTIALITY! I made him laugh until he mulled over the idea. It took a slap to his arm to get the weirdness out of his head. NOT GONNA HAPPEN!!
We settled for doggy in a dog park. Yeah, I barked and wagged my tail. LOL! Is it strange that I rolled around on my back as he rubbed my belly?
NICE DAVID! GOOD BOY!