Another morning dawned bright and clear, dissipating the last wisps of fog lingering over the ground. All was silent except the crackle of the fire. Thinking it odd the fire hadn't died down, Devin squinted open an eye. Reina sat serenely, her legs tucked under her nursing a steaming mug.
He was about to wish her a good morning when he felt a familiar pair of arms and thighs. Lifting the blanket, he was not particularly surprised his morning wood was sandwiched between his stomach and a limp, drooling fairy.
He tucked some of her hair behind her ear. She looked so peaceful compared to when she was awake. It was hard to imagine so much energy in such a tiny package. Her optimism was contagious, always so bubbly and cheerful. Every time she'd laugh or giggle, her nose scrunched up adorably, and dimples appeared.
As he stroked her freckled cheek, he became aware of the squishing of her breasts against him with every breath she took.
That gave him a naughty idea. He gently grasped her between his fingers and slowly stroked himself with her warm little body. Her nipples were much softer than when she was aroused, but they still pleasantly stimulated him as they dragged over his skin. It wasn't going to be enough to make him cum, though, so he rubbed against her a few more times and then let her be. He didn't want to wake her up.
Out of Devin's periphery, he noticed Reina watching him. He mused, "It seems to be her favorite sleeping spot."
"Looks to be. I admit I'm a little jealous of her size."
"I'm glad you're not as small. Would have made what we did last night a bit more difficult."
She swished her tail and took a sip of her drink, attempting to hide her blush. "I'm still a bit sore back there, but I would be up for it again sometime." Clearing her throat, "I hope you slept well, herd-mate. I have stoked the fire and prepared you something warm to drink."
"Thank you, Reina. Getting out of a warm bed when it's cold is not one of my favorite things."
"That explains why you snuggled into me so much last night. Kept on laying your head between my breasts."
"Did I? Couldn't have asked for a better pillow!"
"You did. Maybe that's why you are in need of some attention this morning. Can I relieve it for you?"
Devin looked down at his erection. "I would love that, but don't feel obligated."
"But I want to. You've made me orgasm so many times since we met. I want to do the same for you."
"If you insist, then." After taking the drink Reina prepared for him, he got to his feet as Reina knelt in front of him. He gently disengaged Azalea from his morning wood and placed her back under the blanket.
She tried to suppress her eager smile as she settled into a comfortable position. With her long, slender fingers, she gripped his twitching member.
"I can feel the pulse of your heart, herd-mate," Reina exclaimed with reverent awe.
"I hope so! I'd be concerned if you couldn't," he chuckled.
Having no prior masturbation experience, either mutual or personal, she attempted to clumsily jack him off with no cadence or particular pattern. In the past, she had stealthily watched girls from other herds pleasuring their mates, but watching didn't necessarily equate to knowing what to do.
Reina grew a little apprehensive, seeing he was not eliciting the response she desired. She dared a peek into his face, thinking he might not be enjoying her efforts, but his eyes were gentle and didn't convey any sense of urgency or boredom. "I'm sorry for my inexperience, herd-mate."
With a gentle smile, he laid his hand over hers. "I appreciate your earnestness. Grip it like this... that's right... a little tighter, it's not that delicate... and pump up and down. Try to think at what speed you'd want someone to rub your pussy and try to mimic that, and don't be afraid to try slight variations once you're comfortable."
As she became accustomed to her task, he let her take over. She experimented with overhand, underhand, and sometimes both hands, listening for indications that he liked it.
After several minutes of practice, she wondered what to do next when a droplet of clear liquid appeared. This must be that pre-cum Azalea & Mavis mentioned yesterday. She scooped some onto her fingers and stretched the sticky substance between them.I thought only females got wet, and the males just stuck it in when things were slippery enough. I guess this means he's feeling good?
As her hands became slicker, she wondered if she should use her mouth. Leaning forward, she sniffed. Hmm, not as strong a smell as a male Whitehorn.I suppose humans bathe more often. Such an odd shape too -- thicker, but not as long. No wonder my herd-mate was worried he wouldn't be able to satisfy me. He shouldn't worry about trifling things like that.
Her eyes slightly crossed as she inhaled again, more deeply, letting his scent etch itself into her memory. Then she planted a polite kiss on the tip and daintily fed it between her lips, nibbling on the spongey gland. With a few swirls of her tongue, she lapped up his pre-cum while continuing to jerk him off.
"Ar youf feeing guud, her-mae? Wan me go faser, or harer?"
"Deeper," Devin panted.
Smiling around his penis, she watched his eyes go momentarily vacant as she started bobbing, feeding more into her mouth with each descent. She felt butterflies when Devin groaned from the warm wetness enveloping him and her silky tongue bathing his nerves in ecstasy. Her physical size was smaller than the males of her species but large by human standards, and her mouth reflected this -- quite able to accommodate his length.
Devin was entirely in her mouth and could just barely feel the back of her throat. He was about to lose himself in the sensation when he remembered the drink he was holding. He looked at the yellowish liquid skeptically.
"Whash ong her-mae?"
"What is this?"
Replacing her mouth with her hand, she continued to pump him to not lose the tempo. "It's just a tea made from the leaves of fireweed herbs I gathered this morning."
"Oh." He put the mug to his lips and lightly burned his tongue as he took a sip."
"What did you think it was?"
He took another sip, avoiding eye contact. "Nothing specific."
She studied him for a moment. "No, it doesn't contain any of my urine... if that's what you were worried about. Although, among some herds, I've heard there are males who enjoy drinking their females' first pee of the morning when it tastes strongest. I can do that for you if you wish."
"No need to trouble yourself. With the brief experience I had using Azalea's magic, I can understand, somewhat, why they would like it, especially if they're in season, but I'm quite content with this," he said hurriedly, fearing she might insist.
"This," he stated as he swirled the tea around, "is relaxing. It's a bit tart but has a hint of sweetness...a bit like you, now that I think about it. Your personality, I mean."
"My personality, hmm? I'm sure that wasn't the only thing you remembered just now that tasted sweetly tart." She smirked. "Still, I'm happy you found it to your taste, my love. I enjoy it every morning, as well. It clears my mind and helps me focus."
She gulped his member down once more. Her sucking grew louder and more lewd as more precum was added to her saliva. She placed his hands on her antlers to let him guide her as he pleased. With how well she was doing, she didn't need any guidance. Instead, he scratched behind her ears, wondering if this was a bit demeaning, like petting an animal, but she nuzzled her head into it, seemingly wanting more.
Reina increased the suction, so her cheeks constricted around his tongue-cradled shaft. Noticing his balls start to contract close to his body, she kept milking his glans with her throat, not realizing what this signified. Being too close to climax to warn her, she squeaked in surprise when his first spurt went down her throat. She backed off a bit and massaged his balls as he filled her cheeks.
It was at this moment that Azalea stirred. She sat up, rubbing her eyes while stretching one arm in the air, causing her boobs to jiggle. As she scratched her bed hair, she looked around and suddenly locked half-lidded eyes on the scene playing out nearby. She took in Reina's eyes darting between her and Devin's penis, noting her embarrassment to be caught in such an awkward position.
Azalea fluttered over and plopped down on Devin's thigh. Scrutinizing Reina's gradually filling cheeks, she nodded to herself, affirming Reina was doing a good job. She gave her a loving peck on the cheek, yawned, and started idly rubbing her nipples as she waited until the two finished.
With Devin's final spurt, Reina slowly pulled off, careful not to spill. She sat back and was about to swallow when Azalea grabbed her chin. Reina was unsure if she had done something wrong, and the two stared at each other until an audible stomach growl broke the silence. As if on queue, Azalea pressed her small lips to hers, causing Reina's eyes flew open at the sudden intimacy. The kiss wasn't passionate, but it was hungry and seemed to convey a 'let's enjoy this together' feeling of playfulness.
With her eyes, Reina begged Devin for help as Azalea flicked her tongue across her lips, seeking admittance. However, Devin enjoyed the surprise show too much to curtail what he reasoned was a good bonding experience between them. He urged Reina to go along with it.
Giving him the poutiest face she could manage, she loosened her lips, allowing Azalea's to dart in, and their tongues entwined in a gooey embrace. I didn't realize this kind of kissing felt so good. Her tongue is so small. She smells so sweet, so floral.
As they continued their oral wrestling, Azalea occasionally scooped some of the creamy treat into her mouth, humming with its deliciousness. She continued until just half of Devin's load was left in her flustered friend's mouth. Breaking the kiss slowly, she lingered on the feeling of Reina's soft lips, savoring the thickness of her life-mate's early morning cum. She licked her lips in satisfaction after an audible swallow.
Looking a little more alert, Azalea flew to her bag, pulled out a comb, and re-perched on Reina's shoulder. "Thank you, life-mate, for the morning treat, and thank you, Reina, for sharing!" she said, excitedly hugging and nuzzling Reina's neck before organizing her unruly hair.
Reina swallowed twice. "Yo...your welcome, Azalea. Th..that was my first kiss with a girl."
"It was?! I'm happy I could be your first, and we definitely shouldn't make it the last!"
Taking a sip of her cold tea, Reina tried to calm her fluttering heart. "Did I do an adequate job, herd-mate?"
"Once you got the hang of it, it felt amazing!" He wasn't sure she could take any more kissing, but he did anyway to further emphasize his appreciation.
"I'm glad it was to your liking. I'll service you whenever you need it."
After an unexpectedly fun morning, the trio got dressed, had a quick breakfast, and set off to Gylan's farm.
---
Azalea sat on Reina's antlers, kicking her legs. "Are we almost there, life-mate?"
"It should be coming into view now," was Devin's reply.
As they topped the final hill, a large valley spread out before them, dotted with a patchwork quilt of colored fields, and a wide, slow-flowing river meandered down the middle. Homesteads with sturdy, timbered buildings clustered here and there around the valley.
"Which is your friend's farm, life-mate?"
Devin pointed to the southeast corner. "The one with the water wheel."
"I can't wait to meet him! What's he like?"
Devin stretched his shoulders. "He's a practical man but very jovial. He, his wife, and his daughter work hard to provide a home for all the demi-humans on the farm."
"Is his daughter hot?" asked Azalea conspiratorially.
"She is attractive, yes."
"Have you mated with her?" inquired Reina.
"I didn't think about sex so much before I met you two, so no."
"Are you implying my presence has made you more licentious? I am a prim and proper lady," Reina contended with a haughty air.
"Yes, properly allowing public access to your butt, you mean," Azalea giggled.
"It was ONE time, under uncharacteristic circumstances," Reina huffed.
Azalea flitted over to Reina's back and patted her rump. "We could make it two."
Reina just snorted and flicked her tail.
Descending the hill, the trio approached the main lodge. A large, burly man opened the front door as they approached, wiping his hands on a towel. Peering into the distance, he scratched his dark red beard, and his eyes lit up in recognition.
"Hoi, young Devin! Good to see you're still kickin', and I see you found folk to kick it with!" he shouted.
Devin circled the wagon, brought it to a halt, and jumped down. "I did. Some interesting events happened recently. I see you haven't overworked yourself to an early retirement yet."
"Sometimes I feel like it. Hard to keep up with all the young'uns around here."
"Did you finally hire more workers?"
"Aye, a few temp workers, and only till the first snow. We weren't expecting you for a few more days."
"The weather was favorable, and my horse had some additional assistance," Devin offered while gesturing to Reina. "Let me introduce you to my companions. This is Reina Virtsa and Azalea Ó Gallchobhair."
Reina extended her front hoof and bowed while Azalea curtsied.
"No need to be so formal. It's a pleasure meet'n both of ya's. Glad young Devin found traveling companions. It's said strangers are just friends you haven't met yet. Wouldn't settle for anything less than two, eh?" he laughed, smacking Devin on the back. "As you probably already guessed, I'm Gylan Kiveläson, one of ten farming families in this valley. I manage this one with my wife 'n daughter. Unfortunately, my better half isn't here to greet you. She's over at the neighbor's, help'n set up a roost for some harpies. I'm not sure where that daughter of mine has wandered off to.
"We haven't finished harvesting your order yet. We'll have you stay with us tonight, and we can load up the merchandise tomorrow afternoon."
"Sorry to intrude like this," confessed Devin.
Ruffling Devin's hair, Gavin countered, "Don't be silly, ma'boy! You're like the son I never had!"
"Well, then, we'll be in your care."
Gylan shielded his eyes from the sun. "Still sometime before sundown. Would your companions like a tour? We've made some changes since your last visit."
"I'm intrigued. It sounds very educational," affirmed Reina.
"Yes, yes! Show us everything!" exclaimed Azalea, landing on Gylan's shoulder.
"Such energy and excitement makes me wish I was young again, little Azalea!" Gavin complained.
"Nonsense! You look like you're in the prime of life!"
"Plenty of work and being around youngsters like you keep this fifty-year-old going!"
Unhitching Reina, Devin clasped her hand and followed Gylan.
Gylan led his guests around, commenting here and there about the buildings and fields, what grew in each, and how they rotated crops.
"You certainly employ many people, Mr. Kiveläson," Reina commented as she watched the various farm hands go about their duties.
"We employ twenty-five demi-humans. Sixteen live here full time. The other eleven are temporary workers from other farms and help out if we are shorthanded at the end of the year."
"You only employ satyrs and sheepmen?" she asked.
"You could say we employ them, but we consider them more like family. Initially, we just planned to grow produce and grains, but shearing sheep-folk so often made us wonder if there was a market for their wool on this side of the kingdom. We asked young Devin to find out if there was a market for it.
"It was challenging to find a buyer at first, but now, the demand for Gylan's 'all-natural sheep-girl' wool is in some demand. Townsfolk say it breathes better and is warmer than other textiles. We shear them around spring. Relieves them of their old coat, helps keep them cool during summer, and also gives them a chance to regrow it in time for winter. Additionally, we sell milk from the satyresses almost year-round. We make enough from the land's resources, so anything the girls produce is their own spending money to buy things they want during trips to town."
"I bet they have a lot of fun when they do," commented Devin.
"The hustle and bustle of Iceford is exciting to them. For me, it's just nostalgic. Would it surprise you to know I wasn't originally a farmer? We used to live in Iceford. I was a carpenter by trade, and my wife was a seamstress. I'm sure you all remember the drought fourteen years ago."
"I do," recalled Devin. "Took a massive toll on everyone across the kingdom. Many parents starved to keep their children alive." His voice trailed off.
"That they did, young Devin."
"It affected many outlying demi-human tribes, as well," added Reina. "I remember being very hungry. My family's herd had to migrate much further than we normally did, and we had to ration a lot of food and water."
Azalea included, "We fairies don't normally need to eat much, so food wasn't as much of an issue as finding water was."
"That was the catalyst that motivated me to be a farmer; too many orphans. Broke ma'heart to see them homeless. Because the effects were so far felt, the local guilds offered a large incentive of money, seed, and building assistance to anyone who wanted to become farmers. I talked it over with the wife, and we decided to try our hand at it.
"It took half a year till we were established enough to think we might be able to offer some orphans a home. We inquired at a few orphanages and were further encouraged when we learned that we'd receive a year-long monetary stipend for each orphan we adopted, so we did. They are all grown up now, and we consider them as our children; as my own blood-kin."
"That was very noble of you, Mr. Kiveläson, to give them such an impressive establishment to call home," commended Reina.
"Thank you. Can't say I can take much credit, though. I just acquired the land and built the buildings. They are the ones who turned it into a home."
Gylan ended their tour at a building with a large, mossy waterwheel turning lazily in the river. He motioned toward the new-looking barn. "And now, for the biggest change we made. The wheel isn't new, but we did have to rebuild the main structure for our latest addition."
Nearing the large double doors, they heard the clacking of something mechanical, punctuated with an occasional low moan, issued from within. Devin glanced at Azalea sitting on his shoulder, wringing her hands in unsuppressed excitement.
Gylan opened one side of the double doors and ushered them inside. Gylan exclaimed proudly, "This, here, is the newest addition! Our automated milker!"
The interior was spacious and well-ventilated. The wall to their left had neatly organized shelves with buckets, pails, drying racks, stools, crates, and several empty labeled jars. On the right side, extending along the length of the building and spotlighted by the afternoon sun shining down from windows in the ceiling, were seven waist-high, partitioned stalls. All but one contained an oddly-designed table. The far stall was slightly different, with a wall sectioning off the back half.
The moaning they heard earlier came from a sheep-girl facing the visitors. Her walnut-colored dress was pulled over her back. She was bent over a table, lying on her arms, eyes closed, panting, and her face was the picture of pure bliss. Her backside was stuck through the wall and jostled quite energetically, making the ornamental jewelry gilded to her curled horns twinkle in the light.
Next to the sheep-girl were three lively satyresses chatting, seemingly undisturbed by their noisy neighbor. They were positioned in a similar manner, except behind them loomed the large axle of the waterwheel. A series of gears and axles connected to it split and powered a piston system that was steadily and tirelessly plunging dildos into their backsides.
Another set of gears went to a contraption housed in a wooden box under the tables. All the girls were chest-down on the tables, their milk-laden breasts snuggly cradled in glass containers, allowing a perfect view of their nipples expressing generous amounts of creamy milk into the jars below.
"Good afternoon, girls. Look who's come to visit!"
"Heya, Devin!" announced a grinning, tomboyish satyress with short orange-red hair and a lithe physique. Like all the satyrs on the farm, she had rectangular pupils and a pair of short, straight horns, angled in a slight 'V,' adorning her head. She was naked except for the coarse fur covering her legs and hips, an open-front vest, and a bell that clanged softly around her neck whenever she moved.
"Hi, Cyna! You and your sisters are looking well."
"We are! I finally became a milkmaid!" Cyna proclaimed.
"I can see that. Congratulations!"
"I turned eighteen this year, and Papa finally let me induce my milk! See? I've almost filled up two bottles already, and they threw a party for me, and Ryna ate so much she gained weight!" she rattled off excitedly, poking her plumper sister in the side.
"That's not true!" Ryna denied it as she adjusted her glasses and fidgeted with her braided white hair. "Well, maybe a little. Momma and Ellyn make really good food, ok?"
"Welcome back, Devin," drawled the oldest of the three, tucking strands of her long, black, wavy hair behind her ear, revealing a beauty mark under her eye.
"Hello, Iryna! Are you doing alright? You looked a bit flushed."
"I am. I got tested for affinity, and well... I got the lactation crest." She placed her hand on the mark pulsing on her lower belly. "Apparently, one of the potential side effects, besides a larger chest, is milking addiction. My nipples are so sensitive, and every squirt of milk feels like it's pumping a mini-orgasm out of me."
Gylan patted Iryna's head. "That's why we added the pistons. At first, it was only one, but the other girls wanted to try it as well, so we installed the others."
"But they are too slow," lamented Cyna.
Azalea fluttered behind the three satyresses. "Wow, you can take two centaur dildos!?"
"Took a lot of stretching, but yes, I love having both holes stuffed!" Cyna replied, wagging her stubby tail happily.
"I know the feeling! When you cum, and there's so much in you for your body to spasm around... feels wonderful!" Azalea agreed. "But I see what you mean by too slow."
Ryna lifted her butt, pushing back, so her human and satyr dildos reached just a bit deeper. "When there is a rainstorm, they move a little quicker. Cyna likes it fast and rough. She doesn't appreciate the subtle stimulation of edging."
"Slamming my hips against a dick and having it bottom out gives me plenty of stimulation!" declared Cyna.
"And a bruised cervix," Ryna smirked.
Cyna reached back to push her clit down, so it rubbed against the centaur dildo sluggishly stretching her pussy. "Well, it's worth a little discomfort. Iryna knows what I mean."
Iryna stretched her arms forward, reminding Devin of a cat stretching. "I like both, little Cyna, but right now, the speed is just right." she purred.
Gylan scratched her ears. "Could you lift your belly up, Iryna, dear? I want to show Devin the table. The platform was designed with comfort in mind. The whole thing is padded. The front is wider, so it's more comfortable to lay flat while they get milked."
"The back is narrow enough to straddle, and it's equipped with stirrups to adjust themselves as needed."
Gylan put his hands in his pockets and rocked on his heels. "Funny story how this came about. A troupe of dwarves came through here need'n some supplies. Thing is, they didn't have enough coin. After thinking for a bit on what to barter, a gruff member of their party asked, 'you produce milk here, yes?' I said we did. 'I could rig up yer water wheel to pump the milk for ya, but y'all have to get the actual pumping device elsewhere.' 'I know a goblin lass named Eitri who could craft one for ya,' suggested another.
"Long story short, they built this contraption. One of them still needs a table and a pumping device, come to think of it."
"I see two other holes. What are they for?" inquired Reina.
"The smaller hole in the back is in case any of the males want a turn, and the large middle one is for―"
A lusty moan interrupted Gylan. All eyes turned to the sheep-girl next to Iryna.
A tall, stocky young woman in a gray dress and white apron, previously unnoticed due to being obstructed by the sheep-girl, stood up.
"Sorry, everyone, I musta tweaked her nipple a bit too hard!" She held up a pail of milk and nodded to the last sheep-girl. "Since Da didn't introduce Priscilla, I'll do it. She is an exchange farmhand from the other side of the valley."
Gylan's heavy-breasted daughter exited the stall, her flaming red hair fanning over her shoulders as she set the pail down. She closed the short distance and embraced Devin in a spine-cracking hug. The pillowy softness of her chest helped distract from the pain in his back.
"Hi, Ellyn," Devin gasped.
Ellyn loosened her grip and looked him up and down. "Are you eating enough? You're so scrawny despite being older than me."
"I eat light when I'm on the road. I do try to keep myself in decent shape -- try being the key word." He hunched over, rubbing his back.
She gave him a knowing glance. "Good thing you're staying the night. Gives me a chance to get some home cookin' in ya's before you go traipsing across the kingdom again." She pulled him into another hug, this time more gently. "It's good to see you again."
"Likewise. Priscilla looks like she's havin' a time of it."
"She is. the boys are quite feisty today, so she's getting a lot of attention." She motioned behind the wall. "Are you here for the usual merchandise?"
"I am. The usual shipment of milk and wool. Oh, and Jeni wanted another special order."
"I'll let Ailean know he's needed, and Erinnah decided she wanted to be sheared late this year, so we can ask her if she's ready. Don't tell her I said so, but I secretly think she was just waiting for you. Also, to answer your question, Reina, the medium hole is for the sheep-girls."
Reina looked again and noticed Priscilla's sizable stomach. "She looks four or five months pregnant."
"Looks like, yes, but there ain't no little'uns in 'er," Ellyn elaborated. "The breednial crest is what's makin'er belly so big. She also has the lactation crest to help increase her milk production. Sheep-girls produce far less milk than satyresses or holstaurs. However, their milk contains more fat and minerals, making it ideal for cheese-making. Not only her; all the sheep-girls have both."
"As you've noticed, they have the side-effect of gettin' the girls all hot 'n bothered, especially the breednial crest. They wanted, or maybe I should say needed, something more... stimulating than a slow piston, so we built the back room. Gives the girls the satisfaction they crave, and the boys get to help out without risk of knockin'em up."
"They won't let me have a turn, though, cause I don't have any affinity," huffed Cyna.
"Interesting, but why does it make her belly large?" asked Devin.
Before Ellyn could answer, a sudden thump, followed by a soft rustling sound, was heard from behind Reina. Everyone turned to see a young woman walking out of one of the hay piles, straw sticking out from all over her dark-green silver-trim cloak.
"Speaking of our resident mage... Jyora, come over an' meet some old friends!" Gylan urged.
"It's hard to work with so much noise in here, Mr. Kiveläson. That's why I requested my room up there." She annoyedly pointed to the loft.
"Jyora, you do enough work for two people. You can relax a bit. Also, you can just call me Gylan."
"Time is a precious thing, Mr. Kiveläson. I dislike laziness and prefer to make the most of my internship while I'm here, thank you."
He shrugged. "Suit yourself."
"Jyora is a soon-to-be graduate of Thawden Magic Academy," Ellyn explained. "She needed some hands-on experience in order to complete her schooling, so we hired her to check the workers for magic affinity. Our current arrangement is a bit tricky. Only Priscillia, Erinnah, Iryn, and Ailean have affinity, so she has to personally milk the other sheep-girls, on top of her other work, until she has fully trained them how to power and maintain the girls' crests."
Jyora looked at them through a pair of pince-nez glasses with dispassionate brown eyes while holding her cloak closed with two dainty paws. Large fuzzy ears twitched as she shook free some of the straw still clinging to her head. She was a willowy girl with short fur covering certain parts of her body and tufts of fluffy fur around her ankles and right above her elbows.
"What is she?" Devin whispered to Azalea.
"I'm a descendant of the ratatoskr... with very good hearing, "she answered. "I believe the less-imaginative call my kind squirrels."
"Oh, sorry, it's nice to meet you, Miss Jyora. I'm Devin Ebonplume." Devin made the motion for a handshake, but Jyora just looked at it, bowing instead.
"To answer your earlier question, Mr. Ebonplume, sheep-folk have an irrational fear of being sheared. Various methods to break them of this phobia have been attempted with mixed results -- from blindfolding to sleep-shearing. Some have even gone to more extreme attempts like using the fearousal crest, which causes the user to associate feelings of fear, hopelessness, and despair as a powerful aphrodisiac. Although, questions of safety and viability were called into question about that one."
"Crests and glyphs have pros and cons. The more extreme the change in the user, the more severe the side effect. The side effect of the breednial crest was negligible compared to others, and for some even preferable as is the case with Priscillia exhibiting very little to-no responsive stimuli except from that which causes pleasure."
"You're very knowledgeable, Miss Jyora. I wish we would have had someone at the fairy village like you to teach us. I'm sure most of my knowledge is outdated."
"You've some knowledge on the subject?"
Azalea pulled the top of her dress down a little revealing her lovecrest.
Jyora adjusted her glasses and squinted. "You have quite the antique crest. I rarely see this one used anymore. Most users prefer them for a very specific purpose, mostly out of some necessity. Case in point, I invented the breednial crest."
"You created it?! I've never met an actual crestsmith before!"
"I don't think of myself as one as it's the only one I've crafted. Creating something brand new that hadn't existed is always daunting. For that reason, crestology and glyphology study is the pursuit of improving and bettering old methods. Most just modify what already exists, but a few pursue pushing the boundaries of what might be possible out of curiosity or necessity."
"For my graduation project, I wanted to try tackling the problem of finding a way to cure the sheep-folk's idiosyncrasy. I postulated that, since humans and most demi-human species enter a relaxed state after orgasm, there must be a way to concentrate this state of mind to override their phobia. The problem, though, was how to concentrate it and what catalyst to use to attach it to."
"The first clue came when I was attending a lecture on more sustainable methods for assisting harpies with egg production. After much trial and error, I eventually structured the breednial crest based on an oviparous, or egg-laying, demi-human's biological process. This crest only works on the female of their species, though. It's designed for whenever a sheep-girl mates with a male, and all the semen ejaculated into her womb will be enveloped into an egg-like structure made from the sheep-folk's bodies' higher calcium content. During the resolution phase, the post-orgasmic relaxation chemicals are released and siphoned into the egg, where it mixes with the semen. The side effect of this process is a near-constant orgasmic euphoria during the egg's formation since there is no decline process after orgasm.'
"So, how does it help with alleviating their fear?" queried Devin.
"Before we get to that," Ellyn interjected, suddenly appearing behind the little mage, "Jyora, dear, you only told a half-truth about yourself. Would you like to 'show' Devin and his friends more precisely what kind of squirrel you are?"
Leaning in close to her ear, Ellyn threw in, "This is the perfect time to indulge in your little hobby to a brand new, unsuspecting audience who have no knowledge of the naughty little thing you like to do."
Jyora frowned.Is she talking about what I think she's talking about?She flushed at the possibility.How did she find out? I thought I was discreet, or at least prudent, enough to make it look accidental.All eyes were fixed on Jyora, waiting to see what she'd do, which caused her paws to tremble.
Ellyn, noticing her demeanor change, instantly hugged her to her chest. "Of course, you don't have to. I didn't mean to put you on the spot. I know you're a very private person."
Jyora knew Ellyn's intention wasn't to embarrass her or be malicious. Her "hobby," as she called it, was something that developed since she'd come to work on this farm. Its root cause stemmed from her work-driven personality. Her single-mindedness at completing a task tended to make her shirk aspects of her life: socializing, interpersonal relationships, and maintaining her health -- especially her sexual health. Those things took time away from study and research. She took pride in this aspect of herself.
Yet lately, she felt she was missing out, seeing how the demi-humans, especially Ellyn, interacted with each other. That's why she began to admire the older farm girl.
Ellyn was personable and liked by everyone. She genuinely cared about those around her. She managed her work with such an easy-going attitude and made sure everyone around her was as happy and healthy as they could be. Sometimes it was little things -- cooking meals, nursing someone when they fell sick, or just lending a sympathetic ear. Other times it was more intimate: fingering a satyress who needed some relief during milking because she was afraid to use the piston machine or giving a blowjob to a satyr who had trouble sleeping. Once, during the height of the demi-folk's mating season, when they were most distracted from work, she had even observed Ellyn servicing four of the farmhands at once.
Jyora couldn't imagine herself, on hands and knees, back arched, simultaneously masturbating two satyrs in each hand while a sheep-man pounded her butt, all while also giving a sheep-girl cunnilingus. When confronted about it later, she said she only did that during that particular time of year, and it was more efficient than relieving them one at a time.
Now, though, Jyora was here, in front of a small audience, and Ellyn was giving her a prime opportunity. She could take a step at loosening up and indulging in something that she had only just started dabbling in. With a placid expression and a quickening heart rate, she licked her lips and wiggled out of Ellyn's voluminous bosom. With excited trepidation, she slowly unclasped her hands and spread them wide for all to see.
Several eyebrows shot up to realize, aside from her cloak and soft leather shoes, that she was completely naked.
"Isn't her patagium a perfect backdrop for such a precious, cuddly body!?" Ellyn gushed.
Everyone's eyes followed Ellyn's hands as they stroked and petted what she called the patagium -- the soft, thin, fur-covered skin connecting her wrists and ankles to both sides of her body like wings.
"Little Jyora is a flying squirrel and, as I suspected, an exhibitionist. Unlike a regular ratatoskr, she's much more subdued. She's also much lighter and more suited to gliding than climbing. I am a little sad that her long, flat tail isn't curled and bushy."
Ellyn seemed to be more animated than Devin was used to seeing. Like her father, she was usually very pragmatic and easy-going, but he'd have to add 'an avid fan of cute things' to his mental image of her.
"So you didn't know she was an exhibitionist?" asked Reina.
Ellyn smooshed her cheek against Jyora's, stroking her head. "I never caught her in the act; I'd only heard rumors. Given her no-nonsense attitude, I brushed it off as just that, but then I started hearing about more detailed incidents such as incidentally leaving her robe unbuttoned, allowing a sneak peek at her perky breasts." Jyora moaned as Ellyn flicked her hardening nipples. "Or when she 'accidentally' dropped something and coincidentally "forgot" to wear underclothes that day, giving Cyna a nice view of her cute, heart-shaped butt."
"It's a very squeezable-looking butt," remarked Cyna with a suggestive smile. In response, Ellyn did precisely that, causing Jyora to squeak in surprise as Ellyn pinched her backside.
"So you tricked her into thinking you knew she was an exhibitionist?" Reina submitted for clarification.
"Maybe a little. I took this opportunity to find out for certain. I wasn't trying to be mean. I was just curious."
"M'not an exhibitionist.," Jyora murmured. Her pride stung a little at being tricked into revealing herself. Despite already fully exposing herself, her pride wasn't quite ready to give in.
"Maybe you were only toying with the idea earlier, but your gaze crests seem to imply you wanted to take it further at some point." Azalea pointed to Jyora's lower belly.
Everyone, except Iryna, Priscilla, and Devin, had a blank look on their face. Below her navel was a simple (compared to Azalea's) heart-shaped womb crest with two jagged lines on either side and an upsidedown star at the base of the heart. "Only other crest or glyph users can see each other's crests." She explained.
"What does the gaze crest do?" Devin asked.
"It creates a vibrating sensation inside her when someone looks at her lustfully."
Jyora suddenly sucked in her breath. Falling against Ellyn, she squeezed her thighs together as her crest pulsed to life. Rhythmic vibrations reverberated through the length and breadth of her vagina.
"Oh, my! Another naughty secret you've been keeping from us." Ellyn cooed. Her finger wound across Jyora's flat belly to where she thought her crest might be. "Oh! I can feel the buzzing!" Her fingers circled the spot. "I bet it feels amazing."
Ellyn wrapped her arms around Jyora's shoulders. "I wonder who it was who activated your crest. Are you wondering too? Is it exciting imagining someone having lewd thoughts about you, but who could it be? Should we try and guess!"
"Hmm, dad only has eyes for mom, so it can't be him. Perhaps it's Reina! A queenly-looking lady such as herself might feel the need to spank some proper manners into such a lewd girl for revealing herself in public. Or perhaps it's Devin. Have you ever done it with a human before? The shape and thickness might be just the right fit to hit all the right places. Combined with your crest, you might just gush on the spot."
"Perhaps it's me!" she said teasingly. "I know my way around a girl." She formed her fingers into 'V' and sultrily licked between them. "As you know, I have a lot of experience helping out everyone on the farm when they need it. Or it could be little Azalea. I bet those tiny hands and tongue would want to tease the pleasure out of even the tiniest nooks and crannies."
Devin cast a suspicious glance at Azalea, who looked away, feigning innocence.
Ellyn's syrupy words dripped like fuel onto Jyora's fire. Her growing arousal made her want Ellyn to take her and do whatever she wanted in front of everyone. Yet some tiny shred of pride remained, preventing her from coming out and asking for it. Perhaps she actually wanted Ellyn to fan her spark just a little more.
"Should we maybe try to tease out what other secrets you might be keeping?" Ellyn hummed.
She tried mustering herself, but only a meek, "You can try," came out.
"I'm quite competent at deducing things about a person. Shall we start with your reason for wanting a room in the milking barn? You said you disliked interruptions earlier, but that's an odd statement considering how much noise there is in here. Between the gears and the girls moaning during milking, it's anything but quiet. I think maybe you have an alternative reason for wanting to stay here. Maybe...a little alone time on the table."
Jyora's expression remained unreadable, but her body was about to betray her. A small bead of moisture glistened between her legs, alerting everyone to her current level of arousal.
"I couldn't guess which hole you enjoy it in, maybe both, but I could venture a guess at what type and size toy you use. You're pretty petite, so the centaurs are out. Perhaps one from your own species? No, something tells me you like something more exotic. I'm going to guess a satyr. Maybe medium size?"
Everyone's eyes returned to her pussy as if it were some lewd truth-telling machine. Sure enough, her body affirmed Ellyn's guess as more liquid rallied to her lower lips.
Between Ellyn's sultry voice, the intense vibrations between her legs, the area above her hand-full-sized breasts flushed red, matching the color of her cheeks. Her clit and labia were fully swollen. In order to cum properly, though, she needed physical sensation to push her over the edge.
"I wonder what your audience thinks of your little fetish." Jyora glanced around. Gylan had his arms crossed, seemingly amused by the whole affair. Reina's face didn't betray her emotions, but she did look like she was trying not to be too obvious rubbing up against one of the barn's support posts. Azalea had her hand under her dress, attempting to covertly masturbate.
"You look like you are about ready. Who do you want to take you to bliss... or do you want to do it yourself?" Ellyn crooned.
Jyora looked down. She felt vulnerable to be so horny and fully exposed in front of so many people. She imagined their eyes running over her body, lingering on her stiff nipples and the juices dripping down her thighs.
At the same time, it felt liberating. Her body was doing the work of helping her open up in a way that she didn't anticipate, showing everyone how she felt without words. Tossing aside the last of her pride, she craned her neck to look into Ellyn's emerald eyes. Her unassuming attitude and gentle touch made her feel safe in this girl's arms... safe enough that she impulsively kissed her. "M'want you to," she mumbled.
"Want me to what?"
"I want you to give me an orgasm," Jyora pleaded.
Ellyn smiled. "I'm more than happy to! Let's give them a good show. I'm looking forward to seeing what kind of face you make when you cum."
Supporting Jyora in one arm, she started trailing kisses down her neck while her other hand snaked down to her soaking slit. Ellyn slowly burrowed her fingers through her swollen folds, causing her to arch her back and push her hips into the much-needed sensation. After circling the entrance to her vagina several times, her fingers slid effortlessly into her juicy depths. The vibrations felt much stronger on the inside.
"I'm a bit jealous that affinity users are able to enjoy such fun magic."
With her fingers well-buried inside, Ellyn started to thrust them in and out while circling Jyora's stiff clit with her thumb, flicking it with every other cycle, sending little jolts coursing through her spasming body.
Jyora had given all vestiges of control to Ellyn; she was her little plaything. She squirmed around the invasive digits, whimpering her need as the squelching from her pussy became louder.
Ellyn paused, holding up her hand to show the audience how soaked Jyora was. She gave the juices running down her hand a quick taste before plunging her fingers back inside.
Jyora's breathing came in ragged gasps as she leaned her head back into the crook of Ellyn's shoulder, locking eyes and hoping they conveyed how good she was feeling, how hungry she was, how much she needed this, and how happy she was Ellyn was giving her what she needed.
Crooking her fingers, Ellyn searched out the special spot at the top of the vagina she hoped would push Jyora over the edge. She must have found it because Jyora suddenly bucked twice. Her eyes rolled back as her body spasmed, clenching hard around Ellyn's fingers.
Ellyn felt a sudden gush of liquid over her hand and small ripples around her fingers, followed by two more jerks of her body before she finally collapsed. Ellyn caught her and hoisted the exhausted girl into a more manageable position. Then she rewarded herself by sucking the savory juices off her hand before giving the limp girl a kiss on the forehead.
"You have such a cute, sleepy face after you orgasm! I wish I could snuggle with you right now, but I need to go process Priscilla's milk and help Da shear Erinnah for Devin. I'll lay you down in the hay pile you fell into earlier so you can rest a little."
"Well, that was quite the show, wasn't it, Devin, my lad? Never a dull moment around here!" Gylan laughed.
"Uh, ya, it was something."
"I'm gonna go fetch Erinnah. I'll be back shortly."