There must have been over 300 people packed into that room and I struggled to secure an unobstructed position for myself amidst the self-absorbed, rowdy group. I noticed with some consternation that most of these women had been drinking and didn't seem to care one bit as they bumped into me, other people, and various pieces of furniture in their attempt to get a clear view of the screen. As I slowly maneuvered my way across the room, I had to fight to maintain my balance at every step, even to the point of rudely grabbing onto various pieces of human anatomy along the way. Finally, just as I was about to lose my balance, a hand reached out to me and pulled me forward into a small vestibule out of harm's way. I literally fell into the woman's arms.
"Christiana, are you okay?"
I looked up into Michelle's smiling face. "Oh, it's you! Yes, I think so. What the hell is going on here?"
"Take a look for yourself."
Michelle pointed toward the screen behind me. I turned completely around and my jaw dropped. There in full color, and taking up the entire area of the screen, was Barney's enormous black cock. And on it were three sets of stroking hands, one of them mine.
"I can't believe this!" I said. "How the hell did this video get out?"
"I think you'd better ask your sister," Michelle replied. "If you can get to her."
I followed her gaze to the far side of the room. There was Bonnie, standing next to Rebecca, Maria, and Cheryl, oblivious to everything except what was unfolding on the screen before her. There was no way I could possibly work my way over to them. I felt betrayed. I had entrusted Rebecca with the care of the video and she had given a copy to Bonnie in defiance of my orders.
"Rebecca had no right to give that video to my sister. When I get my hands on them I'm going to wring both their necks!"
"Calm down, Christiana," Michelle said. "I'm sure she didn't mean anything by it. It's all in fun. Enjoy it."
"Calm down?" I replied, angrily. "This is my experiment! It was not meant to be a form of amusement for a bunch of drunken women!"
Michelle didn't even look at me. She just kept staring at the screen seemingly oblivious to my comments.
"Look, Christiana! There you are!"
For an instant I didn't recognize the leering, half-crazed woman on the screen, but there I was, alongside both Bonnie and Rebecca, our hands encircling the massive tool that was Barney's cock, itself on the verge of imminent orgasm.
"I'm not supposed to be in the video," I said, shaking my head. "They were supposed to edit me out."
Michelle couldn't take her eyes off the screen.
"I think it's great," she said smiling. "You can see everything close up. God, he's big."
The thick slab of black meat filled up the screen, only moments away from relinquishing its heavy load.
"Did you hear what I said Michelle?" I shouted, trying to be heard over the noise.
"What are you worrying about?" she replied. "You and I are the only two doctors here. The rest of these people are Bonnie's friends. It's a private showing. Relax!"
Slowly overcoming my initial resentment, I began to realize that Rebecca would never do anything to intentionally hurt me. Coupled with the fact that this was indeed a private screening and that no one in the room knew who I was besides my own sister and my friends, I felt my anger somewhat assuaged. There was no doubt about the prurient value of the video, and this is what drew Bonnie's interest to it. It was her birthday and she simply saw the video as a form of entertainment that she could not do without. The thing that really bothered me was the fact that she didn't feel comfortable enough to ask me for the video directly, preferring instead to circumvent my authority and work her persuasive charms on my softhearted friend.
"Oh fuck," the sweating image of Barney shouted. "I'm gonna cum!"
It was strange witnessing Barney's climax from the vantage point of the camerawoman on the opposite side of the stage from where I had stood. She had pulled the camera back at the moment of his first spurt and was able to capture the immense eruption of sperm as it shot out of his cock and into the audience. I was thrilled to see that the camera caught Barney's wife's reaction as the creamy rope of cum shot past her—hearing her exclaim for the second time, "sweet Jesus," as the pearly white blast whizzed by her at lightning speed, traveling some 20 feet or so before splashing into the women seated in the middle row of chairs. The women around me reacted with joy as they witnessed the voluminous display of white cream that followed, ejaculations unsurpassed for their volume and distance traveled.
Spurt after spurt followed one after the other: the camera at one point focusing upon my reaction of incredulity at the unceasing cascade of white. Rebecca's pretty, but determined face sprang into view as she assiduously milked Barney's huge tool. And then Bonnie's laughing face moved into the frame as she held up her hands to the camera, her long, delicate fingers dripping with Barney's thick white cum. Most men's orgasms normally lasted only several seconds, but Barney's ejaculations continued for well over one minute—an astonishing feat that earned the admiration of the women in the room and served as a testimony to the efficacy of my fertility drug. At one point the camera panned to Barney's face, his eyes shut tight, his forehead dripping with sweat. Then it was over. The last scene showed Bonnie and Rebecca laughing and playing with the long, gooey strands of cum as Maria, Lynette, and Cheryl helped the exhausted black man off the stage.
There was a tremendous round of applause at the culmination of the video and the women started to move off into other areas of the house, most seeming to gravitate toward the patio, commentating excitedly about the video they had just seen.
Michelle was elated. "I was there and it was amazing. But seeing it on video is even more spectacular. Don't tell me you're still mad?"
"No, I'm not mad. Just a little disappointed that my sister didn't come to me for my approval."
"Maybe she just wanted to surprise you. You know how Bonnie is."
I stood there with a dour expression on my face.
"Oh, come on Christiana. Smile! It's Bonnie's birthday. Let's say hello."
Michelle and I walked toward the other end of the room where the girls stood. Upon seeing me, Bonnie rushed over to me and threw her arms around me, giving me a big hug and a kiss. She was a little tipsy but not drunk.
"My little sister, the big, big, doctor who makes big, big money making big, big, erections! How come you're so late sis?"
"I overslept. I'm sorry."
I reached into my purse and withdrew a small gift box.
"Happy birthday Bonnie," I said, placing the small object into her hand.
"Thanks sis," she said cheerily. "That was very thoughtful of you."
"I see you got your hands on my video," I said flatly.
"Don't blame her," Rebecca interjected. "It was my fault Christiana. Blame me."
"I blame both of you," I replied. "This is an educational video, not a porn movie."
"Bonnie wanted to surprise you," Cheryl said, trying to be diplomatic.
Michelle looked at me knowingly. "I told you," she said.
"Well, seeing it is your birthday, and seeing no harm was done, I'll let it go. But in the future, if you want anything from me, ask me first, okay?"
"I promise, sis. Anything you say," Bonnie replied with mock contriteness.
Maria offered me a glass of champagne. "Drink up, boss. It's time to celebrate."
I took the glass in my hand and took a leisurely sip. I knew it was useless trying to get through to these women, all of whom had been drinking for several hours before I had arrived and who were now acting completely uninhibited. I would have to let it go for now and confront this issue at a later date when they were in a more rational state of mind. But I was determined not to let the lesson go unlearned.
I turned to Bonnie. "I guess my first question would be: where are all the men?"
She looked at me nonplussed. "Oh, them. They'll be here in a little while."
"And Philip?"
"Him too."
I could tell by her evasive attitude that she was hiding something from me.
"Okay, Bonnie, what's going on?"
She leaned toward me to whisper into my ear. "It's a surprise. I can't tell you anything more. You're gonna love it!"
Her mischievous grin alerted me that something was up. In Bonnie's case, that could mean anything. Without further explanation, she walked out toward the patio with my three friends in tow.
"You're sister is something else," Michelle noted wryly.
I nodded in silent agreement.
Michelle and I found seats at a table on the patio and spent the next half hour talking shop. It was a pleasant day, the late afternoon sun beginning to cast long shadows on the lawn around us. The champagne was beginning to take its effect on me and I was beginning to relax and enjoy the festivities.
"I don't mind telling you this Christiana," Michelle began, "but that tape really turned me on."
Her face took on a radiant glow as she recounted for me the scenes I had missed.
"I'm not surprised. That experiment had the same effect on a lot of women, including myself."
We both laughed.
"I'll bet you were shocked when you saw me, miss goody two-shoes, masturbate that little punk Luis!"
"I couldn't believe it. What made you do it?"
"I don't know. Call it temporary insanity or maybe I was just overcome with lust. All I knew was that I had to wrap my hands around that fat penis of his and make him cum."
Her eyes twinkled as she recalled the experience.
"You always seemed to me to be so demure and unassuming, so when you grabbed Luis' prick out of Cheryl's hands I nearly had a fit."
Michelle grinned. "Let me tell you, I took a lot of ribbing from some of our colleagues about that incident. Personally, I think they're jealous."
"Probably."
Michelle lingered over her drink, looking pensive. "What do you think Bonnie has planned?"
"Hard to say, but knowing her as I do, the video was just the tip of the iceberg."
As soon as most of the women had been seated, Bonnie gave instructions to one of her attendants to bring out the food. In short order, 30 men or so filed out of the back door of the house dressed in nothing more than a black bikini, a black vest, and a black bow tie. Each one was carrying a tray containing bowls of mixed salad and assorted bottles of salad dressing.
The first thing I noticed was that all of the men were rather young, muscular, and tanned. The crowd expressed their appreciation of the sight by whistling at the men and making overtly sexual gestures and comments. The men, in turn, smiled good-naturedly as they stepped gingerly on the hot cement, trying to maintain their balance as they made their way to the various tables. I found the sight highly amusing.
"Nice, Bonnie," Rebecca said, eyeing the attractive male specimens. "Verynice."
"I aim to satisfy all appetites," she replied lazily.
"He's cute," Cheryl remarked, as a tall, blonde, boy came toward our table.
Bonnie looked straight at me as if waiting for a response. "Well, sis? What do you think?"
"Cheryl's right. He is cute."
"No. I mean, what do you think about my party?"
"I've never seen anything like it, and I'm sure I'll never see anything like it again."
Michelle laughed. "Leave it to you Bonnie. You're a true sensualist."
As the waiter approached, Maria and Cheryl playfully nudged each other as we all got a closer look at his body. I noticed that he had a sizeable bulge in his shorts and this was not lost on my two lascivious-minded assistants. They giggled like schoolgirls as the young man went around the table placing separate bowls of salad in front of each of us, his ample package only inches from our faces. After placing all the bowls on the table, he then began putting the assorted bottles of dressing in a large circular turnstile that was fitted into the table itself. I knew he was aware of the appreciative looks he was getting from Cheryl and Bonnie noticed it too. Bonnie gave him a wink and he nodded. Instinctively, I knew this non-verbal form of communication was only a prelude to something that she had previously planned: something only my sister's perverted imagination was capable of.
"What kind of salad dressings do we have here, waiter?" Bonnie inquired.
"Well, ma'm, we have Italian, French, Russian, Blue Cheese, Thousand Islands, Ranch, and Vinaigrette."
The young man bit his lower lip nervously, as if in anticipation of a task he was reluctant to undertake.
"Is that all we have?"
"No, ma'm," he replied slowly, as if trying to force the words out. "We also have something we call the 'house' dressing."
"Why isn't this 'house' dressing on the menu?"
"It's a special order ma'm."
"A special order?"
"Yes, per instructions of the lady of the house."
Bonnie looked him straight in the eye.
"I am the lady of the house."
"Of course, ma'm," the boy replied feebly.
Bonnie seemed to find satisfaction in his discomfort.
"What does this 'house' dressing consist of?"
A puzzled look came over the waiter's face.
"I thought you knew, ma'm."
"I'm asking you!" she said sharply.
"Bonnie, why are you driving this poor guy crazy?" Michelle interrupted. "Let him get back to his work for heaven's sake."
"Not until he answers my question."
"Oh, come on," I said. "What the hell is so important about this special dressing anyway?"
Even as I said those words I had a gut feeling that I was somehow playing right into my sister's hands. When she started to fidget with her hair, I knew something was up. Little did the other women at our table realize at that time, but all of us were part of an elaborate game that my wicked sister had concocted at the time plans for her birthday had been made. I felt bad for the boy and I was almost ready to tip her hand. But seeing that I had already hurt her feelings once this day, I decided the best thing to do would be to play along with her little game.
"That's a good question, sis. Answer her," she ordered the boy.
"Well," he began timidly, "the 'house' dressing is made up of balsamic vinegar and cold-pressed virgin olive oil. It also contains a little black pepper, oregano, and Romano cheese."
"That's it?" Bonnie asked.
"No, ma'm," he said. "There's one more ingredient."
"And what would that be?"
For an instant it appeared that he was going to walk away from us. I could tell he was ill at ease from being preoccupied with something he did not wish to confront.
"Well?" Bonnie demanded. "What is the other ingredient?"
He drew a long breath and looked down at the ground. "Sperm, ma'm."
We all broke out into a simultaneous fit of laughter. Even Bonnie lost her pseudo-stern demeanor for a few moments.
"Did I hear you right?" Bonnie asked. "Did you saysperm?"
"Yes, ma'm," he replied, his face turning a deep crimson.
"I see," she said. "Tell me, how do you prepare it? Do you freeze-dry the stuff or do you jerk off into the bottles?"
I almost thought my sister was going to break out in hysterics, especially after the rest of us exploded with laughter at her funny comment. But she managed to restrain herself as she and the boy acted out their preconceived scenario. I think our laughter served to make the young man feel a bit more relaxed, seeing that he had pleased his mistress.
"Oh no, ma'm, nothing like that," he assured her.
"Well then, how is it done?"
"Well ma'm," he stammered, "the sperm has to be fresh you see, and..."
"I think I get the idea," Michelle said interrupting him.
By this time the women at the table next to us were completely absorbed in our conversation with the young man. Bonnie was aware of it too and spoke louder to make sure everyone could hear what she was saying.
"Fresh?" she inquired. "As in fresh from the tap?"
I almost choked on my drink.
"Yes, ma'm," the embarrassed boy replied.
"I would like you to show all of us how it's prepared."
"Right now?" he asked, abashed.
"Right now."
He looked at each one of us in turn, noting with increasing dismay our expressions of anticipation.
"As you wish, m'am," he said, surrendering to Bonnie's authority.
Cheryl couldn't seem to take her eyes off the boy. It was apparent to all of us that she was lusting after him, and she made no effort to disguise her feelings. Seeing this, Bonnie decided to include the raven-haired beauty in her impromptu performance.
"My friend Cheryl likes 'house' dressing, don't you Cheryl?"
Cheryl was caught off guard by Bonnie's remark. Unsure of how to answer the question, she simply giggled her response. "If you say so Bonnie."
"If I say so?" Bonnie asked surprised. "Don't you have a mind of your own?"
Giving in to her lust, the young girl looked at the waiter and said boldly, "I would like some 'house' dressing please."
"Oh, this is too much!" Maria said jokingly. "You are one nasty girl!"
Bonnie was delighted. She ordered the boy to walk over to Cheryl and stand between her and Maria.
"What are you going to force this poor young man to do Bonnie?" Michelle asked.
Bonnie simply smiled. I noticed that the women from the other table had given us their undivided attention, ignoring their own salads in the process.
"You may proceed," Bonnie said to the waiter.
"Ma'm I..." the boy said, his voice faltering.
I don't know if his response was a part of the act or not, but Bonnie simply gave him an intent stare, and without another word he began to take down his shorts.
"Is this really necessary?" Michelle asked, feeling embarrassed for the boy.
Bonnie shot her a look that said 'shut the fuck up please and don't ruin my birthday'. Michelle took a sip of her martini and said nothing more.
The boy proceeded to pour the vinaigrette dressing on top of Cheryl's salad. His penis, now exposed to all of us, was semi-erect and only inches from Cheryl's face. She and Maria giggled at the sight of it but I could tell she was turned on.
At Bonnie's command he began stroking his cock using a small amount of olive oil for lubrication. Cheryl pulled her chair back slightly to watch his masturbation, making sure not to block Maria's view. In a matter of seconds his cock grew to its full length of about nine inches. It was actually quite beautiful to behold.
"She likes her salad dressing thick and creamy!" shouted a 30-ish looking woman from the table opposite ours. The entire table, including ours, burst out in gales of laughter.
I don't know if all this female attention and good-natured ridicule was serving to act as a sexual inducement for the boy or not. It certainly did not seem to deter his assiduous stroking of his cock, which was now fully hard and distended. I could tell that Cheryl was enjoying the sight immensely. She and Maria made lewd comments about his masturbatory technique, encouraging him with statements like, "stroke that beautiful cock," and "we want you to shoot it for us baby." He, in turn, reacted with outright enthusiasm as their verbal assaults led him to ever more impressive displays of hand to penis coordination.
Both Michelle and I sat there similarly beguiled, observing his performance with detached interest. Rebecca, on the other hand, had put her right hand between her legs and was now fingering herself under the table. She, like the rest of us, kept her eyes on his massive cock from whose slit the first tiny bead of pre-cum was just beginning to form. It seemed to me that she was waiting to time her own release at the moment of his ejaculation. Bonnie noticed Rebecca's hand movements and smiled with satisfaction. My sister was in complete control and she loved every minute of it.
"Make sure you shoot your load into the bowl, er... what's your name?"
"Craig, ma'm," he replied between gasps.
"I don't want any of your stuff splashing on the table or on any of us, Craig. Understood?"
"Yes, ma'm."
Watching this handsome young man masturbate himself in front of all of us was beginning to take its toll on Cheryl. She had always been a physical, hands-on kind of girl and I knew she was finding it difficult to simply look and not touch. Eventually, her libido got the best of her and she put her hand to his thigh, rubbing him up and down very slowly and sensually. Craig's entire body shuddered at the unexpected but welcome intrusion, his breathing becoming labored.
"Would you like me to rub your balls Craig?" Cheryl asked with a seductive smile.
"Yes, m'am," he said excitedly. "That would be really nice."
She looked up into his beautiful blue eyes and gave a sullen pout as her right hand slipped under his heavy, sperm-swollen sac.
"Oh..." he moaned, as she gently rubbed his two balls in her hand.
Bonnie was grinning ear to ear.
As my attention had been focused upon the erotic scene before me, I did not immediately notice the arrival of two young blonde girls who came bounding out of the house laughing and shouting. They had stopped a few feet to the left of me before I noticed them with my peripheral vision. The girls were about 18 years of age, the twin daughters of the wife of Bonnie's previous husband, Gustav. Both of them were around 5' 6'' in height and svelte, with cute little freckled noses and deep blue eyes. Their names were Alice and Patti Ann and they were visiting Bonnie on their vacation from school. Both were dressed in matching sexy pink bikinis that reminded me very much of two similar-looking celebrity twins I had seen on television.
I had met these girls several times before and I never liked either of them very much. 'Bitch' was the word that first came to mind when I laid my eyes on these two but Bonnie took an interest in them straight away. It made sense. They were very much like my sister when she herself was their age and I think she took the two girls under her wing as a mentor might do with a promising protégé.
At first, the girls stood motionless and open-mouthed as they watched Cheryl play with Craig's cock. Then they started chuckling as their initial shock gave way to nervous excitement.
"Where the hell have you two been?" Bonnie asked the twins.
"Playing video games in the den," Patti Ann replied, unable to tear her gaze away from Craig. "What's going on?"
"Do I have to explain?" Bonnie asked perfunctorily.
Alice looked at her sister and said teasingly, "As if you've never seen this before!"
"Oh, shut up you little slut," Patti Ann said to her sister.
"Stop it." Bonnie ordered. "Have you two lost your manners? Say hello to Christiana and everyone."
After all of us had exchanged greetings, the twins resumed arguing with each other.
"I am not a slut by the way," Alice said to her sister.
"You're the biggest slut I know," Patti Ann said harshly.
"Come on ladies," Bonnie said interrupting them. "Cheryl has asked for the 'house' dressing and Craig has graciously obliged her. Now, you can either stay and watch, or leave. Just don't interrupt."
Despite my sister's seeming nonchalance and cavalier approach to life, she could be a stern taskmaster when she felt the reins being forced from her hands. She would not abrogate control to anyone, not to Philip, not to me, and especially not to these two harpies. The girls could not help but respect her for this, and they called a truce, finding greater pleasure in the lascivious scene taking place right before their eyes than in their mutual antagonism toward each other.
Bonnie ordered the attendant to bring two extra folding chairs for the girls and, putting their quarrel aside for the moment, they sat side by side at our table watching as Craig brought himself closer to orgasm. Although he seemed a little nervous at the intrusion of the two argumentative vixens, he dutifully carried out Bonnie's directive and continued stroking his long, thick tool with a deliberate and rhythmical cadence, relishing in the feel of Cheryl's delicate hand as she lovingly caressed his testicles.
"I would like to see some sperm soon." Bonnie demanded of the boy.
"Yes, m'am," Craig replied in an obedient tone.
After several minutes had passed, it became apparent to everyone that he was taking too long to cum. Sensing his difficulty, Cheryl rubbed some olive oil in her palms and started to masturbate him herself. The twins snickered.
"How's that baby?" Cheryl said to boy.
His eyes rolled back in his head.
"Great!" was all he managed to reply.
I looked over at Rebecca. By this time her legs were spread wide open and two fingers of her right hand were pushing in and out her slit with increased vigor. She hardly noticed or cared about the other people around her with the exception of Craig. She watched with anticipation as Cheryl's hand flew up and down Craig's greasy pole with ever increasing speed, her face reflecting her own sense of urgency within.
"Bring him off already damn it!" Rebecca said to Cheryl. "And get that bowl ready!"
By this time any normal man would have shot his load. But for some reason Craig seemed to be having difficulty. Despite Cheryl's marvelous handjob, the sperm refused to fly.
"Oh, what I wouldn't give for some EJAX-472 right now!" Bonnie blurted out. "Come on boy," she said to Craig. "All the ladies want to watch you cum. What's the problem?"
"Did you ever think that he might be a little bit nervous?" Cheryl replied between strokes.
"He's doing fine, Bonnie," I said, coming to the boy's aid. "Just give him a little more time."
Rebecca hands were pumping furiously now. Her face was flushed and I knew it wouldn't be long before she would have an orgasm—most likely before the boy did.
"I wanna see you shoot your fucking load all over my face!" she cried.
Michelle laughed.
"Yeah, why don't you aim it right in her mouth," she said to Craig.
"Rebecca loves the taste of cum don't you, you wanton slut?" Bonnie remarked. "But I want you to shoot your sperm into the salad bowl," she said to Craig. "Can you do that?"
"I'm trying ma'm," the boy replied shamefaced, as Cheryl tried frantically to release his store of pent-up sperm.
During this time the twins had been talking softly to each other as if planning something. Suddenly, Alice got up and walked over to Bonnie and whispered something in her ear. Bonnie must have liked what she heard because Alice then walked over to Craig and slapped him right across the face. Patti Ann followed her sister's actions and removed Cheryl's hand from Craig's glistening penis and kneed him in the balls, causing the boy to fall to the floor in pain. We, as well as the other women at the next table, reacted with shock.
"What the fuck are you doing?" Cheryl screamed at the twins.
"It's all right, Cheryl," Bonnie said calmly. "Let it go."
Cheryl looked at me for support.
"Bonnie, what's going on?" I asked, seeking some justification for the twin's violent behavior.
"Don't worry sis. Nobody do anything. Just watch."
I knew better than to interrupt further, realizing that what we were seeing was none other than one of Bonnie's magnificent spectacles that she had staged many times before. Rebecca, however, did not appreciate the interruption. Whatever sexual excitement her self-pleasuring had given her had come to an abrupt halt with the cessation of Craig's masturbation. She groaned loudly and laid her head upon the table looking completely frustrated.
Alice grabbed Craig by his hair and pulled him up to a kneeling position. Patti Ann stood behind him, her hands resting on his shoulders.
"You should be ashamed of yourself!" Alice shouted at the startled young man. "You're a big disappointment to your mistress."
"I know miss. I...I'm sorry miss," the boy stammered.
Patti Ann dug her nails into his shoulders.
"A servant who can't cum when his mistress commands him to is useless!"
"Yes, useless!" Alice barked. "I think some form of punishment is in order, don't you Patti Ann?"
"Absolutely!" the girl agreed.
It was highly amusing to see these two girls, who had previously been at each other's throats, act their part in this production with such welcome cooperation. No one other than Bonnie and myself knew that the whole thing was just an act: that Craig and the twins were merely performing for Bonnie's birthday and that the entire event had been staged. The actors threw themselves into their roles with gusto, and it was a thrill for me to see my friends witness this unique performance totally oblivious to the fact that it was all a sham.
Alice looked down upon Craig and sneered.
"Get up!" she commanded.
The young man slowly got to his feet, cradling his genitals.
"What form of punishment does the mistress wish to inflict upon this creature?"
"Since this was his first offence and since it was a minor one," Bonnie began, "I think we should punish him with a spanking."
"Oh, come on Bonnie," Michelle intervened. "Are you serious?"
Bonnie eyed my colleague warily. "Don't interfere Michelle," she warned.
"You're not going to really have them spank him are you?" Cheryl asked my sister.
"I most certainly am," Bonnie replied. "Girls," she said turning to the twins, "give him what for."
Rebecca, although not in on the joke, seemed to accept the soon to be occurring spectacle with silent aplomb. Frustrated in her desires to achieve sexual climax, she just lay back in her lounge chair with a dreamy look on her face, as if she were in the process of recharging her sexual batteries for some future opportunity.
The twins placed two chairs side by side and ordered Craig to await their instructions. I thought it was hilarious that he should continue to hide his genitals behind his cupped hands after recently jerking off in front of us. But I think this was done more for the sake of the act than anything else.
"Ladies," Alice began, as she addressed the women at the nearby tables, "this man is going to get a spanking for disobeying his mistress. You are all invited to watch."
Alice and Patti Ann seated themselves and ordered Craig to lie down on his stomach, straddling both of them. Alice held him firmly by the hair as Patti Ann got ready to administer the punishment.
"How many whacks should he get mistress?" Patti Ann inquired.
Bonnie thought quickly. "I think ten slaps on his buttocks should suffice.""Yes, mistress," the girl replied.
Seeing that the twins were really serious about spanking the young man, several women from the other tables came closer to witness the event. Bonnie looked at me and winked, conveying in that subtle gesture that everything was proceeding as planned.
"Are you ready for your punishment?" Alice asked Craig.
"Yes, miss," he replied in a contrite tone.
"Here we go," Patti Ann sang.
The whole thing may have been an act, but a casual observer might not have thought so from witnessing the enthusiasm shown by Patti Ann as she delivered the first slap to Craig's bottom. She raised her hand high in the air and brought it down upon his rear end with some measure of force. I don't think Craig was anticipating such pain delivered by the hands of such a small girl, and the look of surprise on his face was priceless. Patti Ann kept her blows well paced, about several seconds apart, in order for the victim and the onlookers to absorb the full measure of his distress. I had to admit that his buttocks were singularly muscular and beautifully shaped—a fact not wasted on the twins who had to suppress giggling from time to time in between slaps. He cried out in pain a few times, but for the most part endured the beating with silence. I could tell that Patti Ann was enjoying her role as disciplinarian, relishing each crack on Craig's bottom with sensuous delight.
Halfway through Craig's punishment, his buttocks became a rosy red in color, leading Bonnie to comment, "That's it Patti Ann, make each one count!" To which Patti Ann responded by hitting the hapless lad even harder.
The dozen or so women from the other tables stood around us admiring Patti Ann's precisely timed strikes, chastising Craig for his disobedience to his mistress while applauding the twins for their disciplinary skills. I found this impromptu vignette highly entertaining, and soon found myself cheering the two little vixens on as they delivered the final strokes to Craig's naked buttocks.
After Patti Ann had given him the tenth and final whack, she and her sister ordered Craig to his feet. The punishment was over.
"Now Craig," Bonnie began, "I expect you to..."
Bonnie stopped talking as Craig now stood before us sporting an immense erection, no doubt induced by the physical punishment he had just received.
"What's that?" my sister asked the young man.
"I got an erection ma'm," Craig said sheepishly. "I'm sorry."
"No need to be sorry young man," Bonnie said. "You still owe Cheryl her 'house' dressing, don't you?"
The twins giggled.
"Yes, ma'm."
Bonnie looked at Alice and Patti Ann. "Relieve him of his sperm, would you ladies?"
The girls looked at each other in an attempt to determine Bonnie's intent. Bonnie saw them vacillate and motioned for Cheryl to hold the salad bowl directly in front of Craig's swollen tool.
"Alice," Bonnie began, "I want you to masturbate him until he shoots his load into the bowl. Patti Ann, you can play with his balls."
"But I want to jerk him off," Patti Ann protested.
"You'll have plenty of cocks to jerk off later. Right now you will do as you are told."
Stifling a whine, Patti Ann took hold of Craig's balls as Alice began to masturbate him. Cheryl held the bowl just under his cock, anxious to watch him ejaculate into it.
"Make sure it goes in the bowl and not on any of us okay?" Cheryl instructed Alice.
Alice reacted to Cheryl's request with indifference, which made Cheryl somewhat nervous. I don't think she trusted Alice, and I couldn't blame her. Of the twins, she was the most intransigent and did not like to be told what to do. She wore a haughty expression on her face as she casually masturbated Craig's huge cock, as if she were too good to be performing such a menial task. Her thin, tanned arm worked its way up and down over the length of his prick, never skipping a beat. It appeared to me that she had performed this function on many a boy during her young life and I had to admit that she was possessed of a practiced stroke.
By this time several other women had gathered around us, forming a small crowd of about 40 or 50 women, all eager to witness the erotic spectacle. I could tell that Bonnie was enjoying the show immensely by the way she sat back in her chair casually twisting her short blonde hair into knots, as she often did when she felt aroused. For all intents and purposes, she looked like a queen as she sat nonchalantly on her chair surveying her subjects.
Craig suddenly let out a sharp cry as his chest rose swiftly up and down in response to the Alice's vigorous handjob. She knew he was on the verge of coming and increased her tempo, watching intently as his prick began to spasm. Patti Ann, not content to simply rub his balls any longer, boldly bent down and enveloped one of Craig's testicles in her mouth, unashamedly licking and sucking the cum-filled sac with lustful abandon. This proved too much for the boy, who could no longer hold back the rush of sperm.
Alice pointed the massive tool downward into the salad bowl that Cheryl held dutifully in her hands. "How do you like your salad dressing Cheryl?" she asked.
"Thick and creamy," Cheryl said teasingly as she looked into Craig's eyes.
Those were the last words Craig heard before his cock exploded. Sensing he was now coming, Patti Ann removed her mouth from his scrotum and kept her head right next to his cock, waiting for his ejaculation to commence. Craig's mouth was now hanging wide open, his lower body bucking like a wild stallion.
"Oh, God!" he screamed, as the first wave of hot sperm shot out of his cock.
The thick rope of cum flew out with such force that it hit the bowl on its rim, splashing partially into the leaves of lettuce and then ricocheting onto the table and into my own hands. The girls screamed with laughter as I held up my cum-covered fingers for all to see.
"Nice shot!" was all I could manage to say between fits of laughter.
Alice was delighted by the results of her handiwork, and instead of pointing the climaxing cock into the bowl, she aimed the spurting prick at random in an attempt to hose us all down with Craig's creamy spunk. I thought Bonnie would be displeased, but she merely sat back in her chair, teasing Craig to see if he could shoot a load of sperm her way. No sooner had she made that comment when he did just that—Alice's pretty hands coaxing out an enormous load of goo that flew high up into the air and across the table, landing in a massive display of silvery white droplets all over Bonnie's face and hair.
"Fuck!" she cried, quickly reaching for a napkin.
Rebecca was beside herself with laughter, and I myself could barely speak, as the sight of my sister's predicament sent me into howls of joy. Bonnie herself took the unexpected sperm shower in stride, wiping the stringy ejaculate from her face with a big smile, allowing herself to sample a few drops of Craig's creamy emissions.
Alice and Patti Ann giggled excitedly as each successive burst of semen brought forth from Alice's talented hand found someone else's body to anoint. This time Cheryl was the target. At first managing to dodge the first few waves of sticky paste, she was unable to deflect the third huge rope of sperm that somehow managed to fly straight into her open mouth. I watched as the surprised girl was forced to swallow the bulk of the sticky offering, letting the rest of it to spill from her mouth in huge globs.
Gales of laughter filled the air around me as Alice continued to pull on the spurting prick. The third and fourth shots of cum landed in Maria's lap, while Rebecca took a long, stringy load to her chin. A few short, but intense bursts of semen landed in Michelle's salad bowl, coating her right hand in the process. No one had escaped unscathed. Even Patti Ann, who had managed keep her face just inches away from Craig's prick, and who, along with everyone else, was laughing and enjoying his continuous ejaculations, was finally rewarded with several giant cumshots to her face when her evil twin decided to twist the massive prick in her direction at the last moment. Interestingly, the girl didn't flinch, preferring instead to let her sister's hand aim stream after stream of cum into her open mouth. She swallowed as much as she could, using her fingers to gather the residue that fell from her chin onto the table and swallowing that down as well.
As the last few spurts of cum dribbled out of Craig's tool, Alice removed her hands and wiped whatever cum that was on them onto a napkin. The entire crowd broke out into simultaneous cheers and applause as Craig, Alice, and Patti Ann smiled and announced that the show was now over.
"He shot quite a lot didn't he?" Michelle observed, noting the copious globs of cum atop her salad.
"Must have been storing it up for weeks," I joked.
"Certainly seems that way," she replied, staring into the bowl.
"Did everyone enjoy the performance?" Bonnie asked the crowd, still wiping the residue of sperm from her hair. "Weren't the kids great?"
Her query was answered with wild applause from everyone.
"Performance?" Michelle asked surprised. "So, this was all an act?"
"Yup. Put on for your enjoyment."
"Very nice, Bonnie," Rebecca commented.
"Oh, that was just the opening act," my sister replied. "Wait until you see the main show. It's going to be something really special."
Little did my sister know at the time just how 'special' the main show was going to be.
As everyone began returning to their seats, Craig disappeared into the house followed by the twins. A few of the attendants approached holding wet and dry towels so that all of us could wash ourselves of Craig's plentiful sperm. I had to admit that Bonnie knew how to keep things interesting. Even something simple, like giving a guy a handjob, could be turned into a spectacular public event with everyone partaking in the fun. Regardless of the sperm, which so stubbornly clung to our faces, hair, and clothes, there was something so singularly erotic about Bonnie's little displays of lust that one could not help but enjoy becoming an unwitting participant. As I looked around the table and saw all the happy faces, I knew that my sister had plied her special magic well.
"So, what did you think sis?" Bonnie asked.
"Very convincing Bonnie. Very...real."
"As real as the sperm on your face."
"What?"
She pointed to my right cheek. I lifted my hand to my face and felt a small wet spot about an inch under my right eye.
"When was anybody going to say something?" I asked, annoyed.
Michelle handed me a napkin. "It's only a tiny drop for heaven's sake."
Bonnie laughed as I wiped the sperm from my face.
"You're so prim, sis. Nobody here has a problem with sperm, just you. And you help men to produce huge amounts of the stuff. It's ironic, don't you think?"
"I just don't like wearing it on my person if you don't mind."
"As I said," she continued, "you have a problem with sperm."
"No, I don't."
"Yes, you do," she insisted. "All the other women at this table have wallowed in the stuff at one time or another and mostly on your behalf. Even little Patti Ann just now, she took multiple cumshots to her face without batting an eyelash. You, on the other hand, would never do such a thing."
I was wondering where Bonnie was going with this interrogation. "What's your point?"
"My point is," she said firmly, "is that you're a prude. For all your research into human sexuality, you are, at heart, a puritan. You have absolutely no passion, no spontaneity, when it comes to sex. It's okay for everyone else to get splashed with a guy's sperm, but you, yourself, would never consider such a thing. I would like to know why. Why are you so afraid of taking a nice hot creamy blast of man goo in the face?"
I don't know why my sister chose this exact moment to criticize my sexual preferences. She knew damn well that I was not promiscuous, but neither was I a prude, as she incorrectly pointed out. Unlike her, I didn't need a man around me 24 hours a day to make me feel sexually fulfilled. Ididhave passion—for the right person. But she was right about my lack of spontaneity. It just wasn't in my nature. As far as sperm was concerned, I had had it shot over my entire body at one time or another and I enjoyed it. On several occasions I even swallowed the stuff. Did it excite me? Yes. Did I enjoy the taste of it? Not very much. Bonnie, like most of the other women at our table, had exhibitionistic tendencies that were closely allied to their own feelings of sexual adequacy that had absolutely nothing to do with my own estimation of my sexual self-esteem. Either she was playing another one of her games, or—and this was something that I dreaded—the effect of the alcohol was beginning to show a more adversarial side of her nature that I had rarely seen.
"Just because I'm not as willing as some of you to publicly bathe myself in sperm, doesn't mean that I'm a prude."
"Oh, come on, "Bonnie complained. "You treated that little drop of cum like it was poison."
"I just don't think that it's appropriate for me to be walking around in public with sperm on my face."
Bonnie guffawed. "Yes, I know. You like to do it behind closed doors where it's safe and nobody can see you, right?"
"As most normal people do."
"What are you saying, Christiana?" Michelle said. "Are you implying that people with exhibitionist tendencies are not normal? How can you say that? You of all people!"
Rebecca took this as a sign to jump in. "Christiana has a right not to enjoy getting cum in her face. There's nothing wrong in that."
"But what my sister is saying," Bonnie replied, "is that the only time sex is valid is when it's performed behind closed doors, right sis?"
"I didn't say that," I said defensively. "I choose not to express my sexuality in an open forum. If the rest of you choose to do so, that's your business. I'm not judging you."
"But you do think our behavior is abnormal, don't you?"
"From a psychological standpoint, yes. Exhibitionism is a fetish."
"But your experiment..."
"My experiment was just that: an experiment. It was not conducted with the intent of it being a showcase for exhibitionism. It was conducted as a scientific study and nothing more. Was it inherently prurient? Yes. If you choose to look at it as a jerkoff contest, that's your business. To me, it was simply a test."
Bonnie eyed me suspiciously. I knew she was enjoying this little tour de force with me, but I couldn't understand why she was doing it. Maria and Cheryl remained quiet, stuffing their mouths with forkfuls of salad.
"When was the last time you sucked a cock?" Bonnie said bluntly.
"That's none of your damned business," I replied.
"You see everybody, I told you. My sister has never performed oral sex on a man!"
"You're being ridiculous Bonnie. Why don't you leave Christiana alone?" Michelle said coming to my defense.
Rebecca tried to diffuse the situation. "Everybody, please stop. If the boss doesn't like to suck cock, eat sperm, or fuck in public, that's her business. All it means is that she isn't a fucking slut like the rest of us." She lifted her glass to me. "Here's to you boss," she began, "we love you just the way you are."
"Oh fuck, Rebecca," Bonnie said laughing. "I was just trying to get my uptight sister to go down on some guy tonight, that's all."
"Really?" I replied. "And who would that guy be? Oh, let me guess. Could that guy be your husband?"
Bonnie suppressed a laugh. "Actually he wanted to do both you and I at the same time. You know he's been dying to fuck you for years."
"So that's why you put me through all this?" I said relieved, but still a little bit aggravated. "Just so you could push me into having sex with your husband?"
"It is my birthday, sis."
"Some wishes come true, some don't. You have a lot of nerve Bonnie."
Michelle thought the whole thing was funny. "Watching the two of you argue is better than any sex show on earth!" she said with a hearty laugh. "Now why don't you both shut up and eat your food."
She held up her bowl of salad, still bearing traces of Craig's special dressing.
"Anybody for Caesar Sperm Salad?"
All of us laughed at her comment, which served to release some of the tension.
I have to say that the dinner was one of the most sumptuous feasts I had ever had the pleasure to enjoy. There were several main dishes to choose from and the liquor flowed freely. At some point halfway through dinner, I noticed that several of the attendants had crossed the lawn and passed through a gated fence from behind which nothing could be seen. Upon closer examination, it appeared that the gate was prefabricated and could be taken down easily by means of connecting beams, which held each panel in place. When I looked at Bonnie with a questioning look on my face, she only smiled and said nothing. A constant flow of men came in and out for about the next half hour until only one figure was left standing on the lawn. As the figure approached our table, I recognized the man as Bonnie's husband Philip.
"Hello everyone!" he said with a big smile. "How's the food?"
He was showered with simultaneous compliments from all of us on the choice of cuisine.
"Everything is perfect darling," Bonnie said to her husband. "Thank you."
Philip waltzed over to his wife and kissed her on the lips. "Happy birthday my love!"
"You are so sweet," she said tickled. "Don't forget sis."
Philip turned to me. He was a tall, fit, attractive man of about 40, with wavy brown hair, large liquid blue eyes, and a thick but trim moustache. He was impeccably dressed in a white suit with matching white tie and shoes, looking every bit like a modern-day proprietor of some exotic fantasy island. He had inherited most of his wealth from his father, who was a baron. But, to his credit, he took that money and invested it wisely, and in little over 20 year's time he had become one of the most rich and powerful men in Sweden.
"You look beautiful Christiana," he said with a genuine sense of affection as he leaned forward to kiss my face. "I saw the video of your experiment and all I can say is that it's absolutely astounding."
"Darling," Bonnie said interrupting him, "let me introduce you to my friends."
Philip had met Rebecca and Maria several times before, but Cheryl and Michelle were new to him. He wasted no time in making them feel welcome and the two women thanked him for his courtesy.
"Philip is such a doll," Bonnie began. "He took care of everything for my birthday, didn't you darling?"
He beamed at his wife. "Nothing is too good for my sweetheart."
"Have all the arrangements been made?"
"Yes, dear," he said. "I will be joining you a little later."
Philip excused himself and returned through the gated fence from whence he had come.
"What a charming man," Michelle said.
"Verycharming," Cheryl offered.
"Okay, Bonnie," I said, "why isn't Philip here with you during your birthday?"
"I told you that it's a surprise—as much for you as it is for me. All this was Philip's idea, not mine."
I wasn't buying it.
"Let's take a little walk," I suggested.
Bonnie protested at first but I dragged her out of her chair and together we walked toward the pool, leaving our friends guessing at the reason for our absence.
"What's this all about, sis?"
"Are you telling me that you have no idea what he's got planned for your birthday?"
"Not a clue."
"I find that hard to believe".
"It's true, sis. I promised him that I would not interfere."
She said it with such uncommon directness that I felt inclined to believe her. If it were true, the suspense must have overwhelming. Knowing her need to control all aspects of her life, Bonnie could not have been comfortable being left in the dark about her own special day, and this sudden admission of deference to Philip came to me as a revelation. All I could think of was that there must have been some small tie-in to the events about to unfold in which my sister had no small part. What exactly that part was I could not imagine until, inadvertently, her puzzled expression gave me a clue.
"You look worried Bonnie. What's bothering you?"
"I told you I gave Philip the pill this morning didn't I?"
"Yes."
She laughed nervously.
"Well, he hasn't shown any signs of you know...so how do I know it's working?"
"You don't," I replied. "And there's no telling if and when it will occur. This is not a controlled study."
"I know that," she said curtly, "but if it worked on those other guys it should work on him too, right?"
It was at that moment that I knew she was not being completely truthful with me. If she knew nothing of Philip's surprise birthday plans for her, then why was she so concerned with whether the pill was working unless it was somehow related to the events about to take place? I decided to call her bluff.
"All right, what aren't you telling me?"
"About what?" she asked innocently.
"Don't lie to me Bonnie. You know more about what's going to happen than you're willing to admit."
At first I thought she was going to evade the issue, but she fooled me by dropping her guard. "Oh, what the fuck," she exclaimed, "I may as well tell you."
"Please do."
"I don't know the details. What I do know I learned from one of my servants who overheard Philip on the phone last week. It seems that he's going to take part in some wild ritual that he's been planning for months. Don't ask me what it is, I don't know. I gave him the pill because I thought it would add some excitement to the mix, that's all. I just wanted to spice things up."
"Why didn't you just come out and tell him about the pill? Why all the secrecy?"
Bonnie frowned. "Sis, you just don't get it do you? Excitement is created by spontaneity, not by just plodding along planning every little detail. I'm not like you, I live for the thrill."
"You deceived your husband."
"Oh, my God. You make it sound like I committed a capital offense!" she said raising her voice. "I wanted to make him experience the same kind of orgasms those guys in your experiment did. What's wrong with that?"
"Nothing, except that you weren't honest with him. You didn't let him in on your little scheme."
"Why should I? He's not the one in control, I am."
"And that gives you the right to lie to him?"
"What harm could it do?"
"You took away his choice."
She looked at me incredulously. "Choice? Who ever said he had a choice?"
It was at that moment that I discovered something new about my sister. In addition to being an arrogant, self-centered person, she was also a moral relativist, adapting to the changing moral climate as needs dictated. She really didn't care who she manipulated as long as she achieved her own ends, and it was this particular aspect of her character that was finally revealed to me in all its hideous glory. Although I knew that she loved Philip, I now knew that she loved power even more. And it was this overarching predilection for control over others that was the prime motivation for all her actions, both beneficent and maleficent.
"Did it ever occur to you that when you take away a person's choice, you take away their freedom?"
"Don't lecture me Christiana. I don't want to hear it."
"Did you ever stop to think that if the drug did work," I said, ignoring her, "it might put your husband in an uncompromising position?"
"I don't know. Maybe."
"Yet you secretly administered the drug knowing full well that he was going to be entertaining you and your guests tonight quite unaware that his body might be undergoing chemical changes in which he has little or no control."
"But that's the beauty of it sis! That's what makes life so exciting—not knowing what's going to happen next! I'm just doing my little part for the sake of creating some excitement."
"At your husband's expense!"
"I would never do anything to harm him, you know that."
"How do you know he won't be harmed? You saw what happened to your dog. We're not dealing with a subtle drug here Bonnie."
I saw a look of fear momentarily appear on her face and for the first time I felt as though I had broken through her barrier of arrogance.
"If you had told him about the drug," I continued, "he could have taken it as I instructed, and the two of you—in the privacy and security of your own bedroom—could have had all the excitement you wanted, provided, of course, that the drug worked. But instead, you chose to lie to him so that you could manipulate events to suit your own selfish ends, without regard for Philip's feelings or his safety. I curse myself for ever giving you that damned drug!"
Something I said must have made an impression upon her because I was greeted with silence. A few painful moments elapsed and then, without even looking at me, Bonnie walked away from me toward the house, never looking back.
I felt horrible. It was, after all, her birthday, but I just couldn't prevent myself from going on the attack. I realized then that I had been harboring some intense feelings of dislike for my sister ever since she became absorbed with my drug and the power it possessed. If it were up to her, she would give the drug out freely, to whomever asked for it, regardless of whether they needed it or not. She did not consider consequences. She did not consider side effects, or toxicity levels, or anything remotely concerned with a patient's right to safety and privacy. According to her scheme of things, all that mattered was that she controlled the reins of power—everything else was negotiable. I don't know if this attitude extended to the man she loved most, but it was possible. It made me sick to think of it.
I stood by the pool for a short while watching the sun's rays dance on the surface of the water. I was undecided as to whether I should stay or go home, but after careful deliberation I felt it was my obligation to tell Philip the truth, regardless of what rift this might cause between my sister and myself. As I made my way back to my table, I asked one of the attendants to inform Philip that I needed to see him immediately. The man ran off in the direction of the fence and disappeared behind it. A few minutes passed before I saw Philip walk out the gate, gesturing to me to come and meet him halfway. My stomach was in knots as we came closer, knowing that I was about to betray my sister.
"Philip, I have to tell you something," I said, with a sense of urgency.
"I know Christiana," he said. "I just spoke to Bonnie on the phone. She told me about the drug."
I stood there for a moment with a stupefied look on my face.
"She told you?"
"Yes, and I have you to thank for it."
"She didn't mean any harm, Philip. She's not an evil person, just unbelievably selfish."
"I know that. But whatever you said to her seemed to do the trick. Thank you my dear."
Philip hugged me and kissed me on the cheek.
"Tell me more about this drug of yours. What's it called again?"
"EJAX-472. It's a male fertility drug that I created to help men with sexual problems."
He pondered it over a moment.
"I see. And I have this drug coursing through my veins right now?"
"Yes, but in a minute amount. It is highly doubtful that you will experience any effects from the drug, but it is not impossible. If you start to feel a heavy feeling in your testicles, or if you cannot control your desire to masturbate, these signs could be indications that the drug is working."
"Hell, I feel like jerking off most of the time anyway so I don't see what good your drug's going to do me," he said jokingly. "I suggest we forget about it."
"I felt it was my duty to warn you."
"I understand. Now why don't you go into the house and make peace with your sister. I want both of you to kiss and make up. And please, no more arguments. I know you've got some issues with her but it is her birthday after all."
He was right of course.
"I'll go to her right now."
He gave me a heartwarming smile and quickly retreated behind the fence. The fact that Bonnie felt compelled to tell him the truth proved to me that she did have a sense of loyalty to her husband after all. Maybe there were some things that, in her universe, remained inviolate—such as her love for a wonderful husband whom she was unwilling to sacrifice for the sake of spontaneity and the possession of power. It occurred to me then that Philip was too highly intelligent and intuitive a man to be so easily manipulated by my sister. All through their years of married life, he must have simply played along, indulging her whims and allowing himself to be controlled by her because he knew it added excitement to their union. He acquiesced because he knew it made her happy, because he loved her. And I knew now that she loved him.
As I walked back to my table I noticed that Bonnie wasn't there. I continued on into the house and, after searching for several minutes, found her sitting on the sofa in her living room staring out an open window. Her face was red and I could tell she had been crying for some time. She lifted her head toward me as I entered the room and for the first time in my life I didn't see my sister as the proud, arrogant, and selfish woman she normally was, but rather as a woman who had just lost her best friend. Upon seeing me, she began to cry anew, fresh tears flowing freely down the landscape of her lovely profile.
"Chris..." she began, her voice faltering.
I didn't wait for her to say anything further as I rushed to her side and threw my arms around her.
"I'm sorry..."
I kissed her face, tasting the salty effluence of her pent-up sorrow.
"I know. I know," I said, comforting her.
Her chest rose and fell at regular intervals as the crying continued unabated. I held her close to me feeling her body convulse with each intake of air. These were not the gratuitous tears of someone seeking to gain an advantage via manipulation, but rather the tears of a grief stricken woman who had looked in the mirror and was horrified at the image reflected back at her.
Through some mysterious process, she had arrived at a profound self-realization: that the limits of her capacity to manipulate and control others was not circumscribed by her own innate abilities as a dominator, but due instead to the latitude afforded her by family and friends; a generosity of spirit which allowed her to act out her fantasies based upon sufferance. Specifically, this meant that her husband had done nothing more than indulge her every whim in order to please her, and also because he, himself, enjoyed playing the role of a subservient, obedient to her will not so much because she wanted it, but because in allowing himself to be dominated, he was satisfying his own inner desires as much as he was satisfying hers. This mutual reciprocity of feeling is what had sustained their marriage for so many years. In effect, her own conception of herself as the one always in control was nothing more than pretence. Having planted the idea in her head that Philip's health and safety could possibly be compromised due to his ignorance of the drug within his body, I had forced her to confront the fact that if anything should befall him, her own illusory foundations of power, so carefully wrought by their combined and willing participation, could come crashing down around her in the event of his dissolution. Without his love to sustain her, there was no such thing as the control freak I regarded as my sister, only the helpless, teary-eyed little girl I was now cradling in my arms.
I remained holding her for several minutes until her crying began to subside. She did not go into the details of her conversation with her husband, but from what she did tell me, I knew it was what triggered her crying fit. After assuring me that everything was all right between her and Philip, she went into the bathroom to freshen up. While she was there, one of the attendants entered the room.
"Excuse me, miss," he began, "Mr. Olmstead sent me in to inquire after his wife. Is she all right?"
"Yes, she's fine, thank you."
"He would like to know when she'll be rejoining the party. The show is about to begin."
"Tell him that she will be out momentarily."
"Very good, miss."
No sooner did he leave the room than Bonnie entered looking still somewhat drained but a little happier. She had changed into a pair of white shorts and halter-top and had fixed her makeup and lipstick.
"Were you talking to someone, sis?" she asked.
"The attendant was looking for you. It seems your husband and the rest of the world need you, birthday girl."
"I guess we'd better get out there. How do I look?"
"Better than you did ten minutes ago."
I grabbed her by the arm.
"Come on, let's go. It's show time."
When word got around that the show would soon begin, everyone made a mad dash for the choicest seats, fighting amongst themselves as they scrambled to sit in the rows closest to the gated fence. The fence itself stood about ten feet high and served to effectively obstruct everyone's view. What lie beyond that green-plated barrier was difficult to tell, but knowing Philip's sense of the absurd to be every bit as highly developed as Bonnie's, anything was possible. Thoughtful man that he was, Philip had the foresight to hire a film crew to record the event. And it was a good thing he did, because the show about to take place would forever be remembered by myself, and I'm sure by all those attending, as one exemplifying the very epitome of libidinous fantasticality and outright deviation, reducing my own sexual experiment of a few days earlier to nothing more than a mild amusement with all the entertainment value of a peep show.
Bonnie, being the guest of honor, sat in the very first row surrounded by myself and all our other friends, including the two argumentative twins who sat directly behind me. Suddenly, the sound of a drum roll brought the audience to attention. Several attendants scrambled to take their posts by the fence, each of them holding a metal bar attached to the fence itself, as a voice began to talk over the loudspeaker. It was Philip.
"Welcome ladies," he began. "In honor of my wife Bonnie's birthday I am proud to present to you this evening a most fantastic entertainment. Relax and enjoy yourselves for the show is about to begin!"
As soon as Philip's speech ended, the attendants on each side of the entrance to the fence began moving quickly from the center to the left and right, respectively. As they did so, the fence, which was apparently secured at its base by wheels fitted into tracks, folded in on itself like an accordion, revealing a 50-piece orchestra immediately behind it. At that moment, the entire area inside was flooded with light from the overhead floods, which had been secured by tripods circumventing the arena. I watched as the conductor raised his baton and began leading the orchestra in the first few bars of the Swedish National Anthem. That was amusing enough, but as the fence continued to contract, we were treated to the sight of what I can only describe as a modified three-ring circus, replete with clowns, midgets, aerialists, and a motley assortment of strange-looking people who walked around amidst a bevy of gizmos and gadgets reminiscent of the items one might encounter in a toy store. But the most obvious item on display was an enormous cannon whose muzzle extended about eight feet from its base. On the lawn, directly behind the sea of chairs, was a huge net, presumably to entrap whatever person or thing that was to be shot out of the cannon. I had no idea then how important a role this piece of equipment would play in the wild spectacle about to take place. I noticed there were no animals, and for that I was grateful. However, Philip had spared no expense to create the illusion of a circus and this was not lost on Bonnie, who regarded the whole affair with overwhelming approval.
"Oh, my God!" she exclaimed. "I can't believe this! Is my husband crazy or what? What a man!"
"This is going to be really cool!" Alice said excitedly.
"No," Patti Ann disagreed, "it's going to bewaycool!"
Cheryl and Maria wasted no time in standing up and cheering wildly at the stupendous sight, joining many others in the audience who could not refrain from expressing their enthusiasm. Michelle, who was seated between them, simply sat quietly in her chair trying to digest the incongruous images flooding her brain.
Bonnie was taking this all in with utter delight. It was wonderful to see her so happy after the emotional hurdles she had faced earlier. Judging by the overjoyed look on her face, it seemed to me that she was now beginning to put those issues aside for the moment so that she could enjoy this little slice of happiness her husband had so lovingly provided for her.
Suddenly, a small arc of fire shot out from the stage. It seemed that two of the clowns were having an argument—all performed in pantomime. One of them had a small flamethrower in his hands and had decided to incinerate his companion's bottom with the device. Letting out a howl, the injured clown leapt off the stage and headed directly towards us, the rear of his pants on fire. He stopped right in front of me and began running in place, unsure of what to do. Just then another clown came running to the rescue carrying a large fire extinguisher in his hands. In a second, a giant spray of water was released upon the clown's burning buttocks, effectively putting out the flame. However, the clown didn't stop there. Running amok, he christened several of us in quick succession—Bonnie and I taking the brunt of his liquid assault. He seemed to derive the greatest pleasure from my own discomfort, and I was forced to swing my pocketbook at him to drive him away. For some strange reason his sarcastic laugh made me dislike him even more, and though this menacing laughter seemed oddly familiar to me, I couldn't place it. Bonnie had an attendant bring us all towels to dry off, but the image of that little clown in the black and white polka dot costume troubled me. As the myriad stunts and feats of acrobatic skill concluded, I tried to put the present unpleasantness out of my mind.
Rebecca, who was seated to my right, suddenly tugged on my sleeve and said, "Look, there's Philip!"Sure enough, Bonnie's husband, all dressed up as the master of ceremonies in a formal black tuxedo, made his way to the center of the ring surrounded by a half dozen beautiful women all dressed alike in black satin evening gowns and matching high-heel shoes. He was greeted with overwhelming applause as he stopped center stage, highlighted by a single spotlight, microphone in hand. Within moments, the final strains of the patriotic anthem faded away and he began to speak.
"Good evening ladies!" he shouted.
The response was wild and deafening.
"Tonight I am proud to present to you the most hedonistic, outrageously lascivious entertainment that Sweden has ever seen!"
Again the audience roared their approval.
'I guarantee you that you have never seen anything like it before and probably never will. So, without further ado, I present to you—"The Carnival of Sex!"
Amidst thunderous applause, Philip and his entourage walked briskly out of the ring while the orchestra began playing a quick, spirited waltz. By the time he had ended his speech, all the entertainers who had previously been visible, including three people who had been swinging from the trapeze, had left the area, leaving only two small figures remaining far to the rear of the stage. Even with my contact lenses on, they seemed rather small even at that distance. What from I could tell, they looked like two pre-teenage girls—one blonde, one redhead—dressed in snow white ballet costumes, standing together holding each other's hand. I was alarmed at this because Philip would have to be insane to drag two underage children into an event such as this. I looked at Bonnie and then at Rebecca, but neither them nor any of my other friends seemed to be concerned, which puzzled me.
For several moments the little girls just stood there motionless until the waltz abruptly ended followed by a few seconds of silence. Accompanied by a loud drum roll on the timpani, the two elfin figures fell forward simultaneously on their hands and performed a series of splendid, contiguous somersaults, which placed them center stage within a matter of seconds. The execution of the exercise was so precise that they were greeted with a tremendous round of applause as they came to their feet, arms outstretched. It was then that I realized that these two tiny people were not little girls, but midgets.
"Little people," I said to Bonnie.
"Of course they are," she replied with assurance. "Why? Who did you think they were?"
"Well, from far away..."
"You thought they were kids?" she said chuckling. "No, those two are Packi and Pompi, the acrobatic midgets from that new French circus you may have heard about. They're both of legal age, I assure you. Packi is the blonde and Pompi is the redhead. Philip and I have had them over the house a few times for dinner, and for other things."
Bonnie winked at me, making it obvious what she meant by "other things."
The two women continued their performance in grand style, showcasing their talents as ballerinas, jugglers, and trapeze artists. In all, their performance lasted about 15 minutes, culminating in a superb series of acrobatic stunts that made us all stand up and cheer.
Suddenly, from somewhere behind me, I heard the voice of a man growling and a host of shrieks from terrified women. The growling became more intense as the man approached the front of the audience and as he passed I saw that it was a tall, black man dressed in a lion skin who was the source of all the excitement. In his hands he carried a huge wooden club and he appeared to be naked underneath. He came over to us and stopped directly in front of Bonnie. As he danced, he adjusted his loincloth costume to reveal a huge black phallus, which bounced freely up and down in front of Bonnie's face. All of us screamed with laughter as she bobbed her head up and down in time with the bouncing penis.
"I think he wants you to suck it Bonnie!" Michelle shouted.
Without any further encouragement, Bonnie reached out her hand, encircled the massive tool and thrust it between her lips. Everyone cheered. As I was seated to her immediate right, I got a wonderful close-up of the man's genitals, and I must admit that he was blessed with a rock-solid piece of equipment. She held his cock in her mouth for several moments and then I saw Rebecca reach over and begin stroking him. The man, whose name we later learned was Lars, was also part of the circus troupe Bonnie described and was a friend of hers. After a few more seconds of pleasuring him with her mouth, Bonnie removed his penis and watched while Rebecca continued to masturbate him. Lars moaned with delight as Rebecca pulled on the now fully erect cock and then, just when I thought he might cum, he gently removed her hand and ran toward the stage, his huge prick bouncing wildly up and down all the way.
"I've had him over for dinner too," Bonnie confided with a smile.
Now in the arena with the two midgets, Lars began chasing them around the periphery of the ring, swinging his club and snarling menacingly like some kind of leonine man-beast. The orchestra abruptly began playing accompanying music, which mimicked musically the frenetic action that was taking place.
Packi and Pompi utilized every trick in their proverbial acrobatic grab bag to throw their pursuer off the scent, employing a host of various flips, somersaults, dives, and climbs to confuse and confound their enemy. At one point, he found one of the girls directly underfoot and raised his club high in order to bring it down on her head. She deftly maneuvered her lithe body out of harm's way as the club crashed down upon the spot her head had previously occupied. The lion man let out a howl of pain as he realized that it was his own foot that he had clubbed.
The audience roared.
Seeing their enemy in pain, one of the girls grabbed the club and jumped up on the back of her partner, delivering blow after blow upon the poor beast's head. It was a hilarious sight and I was laughing so hard that I had to hold onto Bonnie for support.
"Teach that son of a bitch a lesson!" Bonnie shrieked.
Finally, the lion man was knocked unconscious and he fell to the floor with a thud. The crowed exploded with applause. The two midgets danced around with glee at the sight of the fallen man and did another fine set of acrobatics to celebrate their victory.
Several of the women who had accompanied Philip to the ring now entered the arena pushing a large wooden recliner. As they helped the victim to his feet, they had him stand flush with the recliner and then strapped his hands and feet in, so that he lay in an upright, spread-eagled position. The poor lion man looked around him in dismay as Packi and Pompi contemplated what form his punishment should take. They conferred for a few moments and then both vigorously shook hands, thrilled that they had arrived at a satisfactory solution.
The other women now left the arena to the machinations of the two girls. The first thing Packi did was to remove the loincloth from Lars' body. This she did with one quick pull, which made us all laugh. The only piece of clothing the unfortunate man had on his body was now in the hands of the snickering elf who waved it around and over her head for all to see. As she continued to play with his clothing, Pompi took a saw and began to cut out a section of wood in the area between the man's legs. In a short while, the wooden cutout fell away, and the two of them began to sing and dance around the frightened man-beast. Having paraded around him several times, they now began to walk under the makeshift aperture, halting underneath him purposely at intervals to give his flaccid penis a whack or to tickle or slap his bulging sac.
"Take that," Packi said, slapping his balls back and forth.
The beast cried out in pain as the midget's tiny hands delivered several nasty blows.
"You're nothing but a big bad lion!" Pompi screeched as she raised her foot and kicked him in the groin.
Again the beast bellowed in agony as the torture continued unabated.
It was a marvelous performance made all the more spectacular by the seeming reality of it, due in no small part to the professionalism of the performers themselves. No one believed that anyone was being hurt, but the illusion was so incredibly effective that I found myself wincing every time the lion man was hit, sharing with him the pain of every blow at the hands of his tormentors.
"How are we gonna get this beast to calm down and leave us alone?" Packi inquired of her partner.
"I don't know," Pompi replied. She reached down and picked up the saw. "Maybe we could cut off his head!"
"No, no, you silly! I said 'calm him down,' not kill him!"
"I don't think you can calm a wild animal down."
The lion man growled at them just then, making them both jump.
Packi looked annoyed. "Well, we've got to find a way or else he'll keep coming back." She turned toward the audience. "Does anybody out there know how to turn this wild beast into a nice, cuddly little animal?"
From somewhere in the audience a woman shouted, "A nice good fuck should do the trick!"
This was greeted with howls of laughter.
"We don't wanna fuck him," Pompi replied. "That big thing of his would tear us little girls apart!"
More laughs from the crowd.
"How about a handjob?" someone else offered.
Packi's face lit up. "Hey, that's an idea!"
"Why is that a good idea?" Pompi inquired.
From a nearby table, Packi picked up an oversized newspaper and held it up so that the audience could read the title. It read, in gigantic, boldface type: "Too much sperm causes aggression."
It made me laugh knowing it was all too true.
"It says here," Packi began, "that all wild beasts, including men, become aggressive and violent if they are not periodically drained of their sperm. Does that convince you?"
Pompi nodded. "If it says so in the newspaper, then it must be true. Let's do it!"
The twins, who were seated directly behind me, were strangely undemonstrative up to this point. I turned around a few times to make certain that it was indeed the two of them who were sitting behind me. Patti Ann and Alice both smiled at me but said nothing, preferring instead to munch on bags of popcorn and to drink from a six-pack of beer. I could tell from their expressions that they were enjoying the show, but it seemed odd to me that they were so uncharacteristically quiet. Then I realized that with their faces stuffed with food, and their minds occupied with the events at hand, their opportunity to engage in any form of disagreement was at a premium. For that, I was grateful.
"Oh, look! Michelle exclaimed, pointing at the stage, "they're masturbating the lion man!"
Amidst wild cheers and encouragement from the crowd, Packi and Pompi had begun jerking the giant black man's cock with wild abandon. Packi stood directly underneath the man-beast, his huge penis resting on her head. She brought her hands above her and grabbed onto his cock with both hands, stroking it back and forth in a rapid motion. It was very funny seeing a man jerked off in this way and the sight brought forth gales of laughter from the audience. The scene was enough to cause Alice and Patti Ann to rise to their feet and shout encouragement to the two tiny vixens.
"Wait! Wait a minute!" cried Pompi suddenly. "We haven't measured his penis!"
"Oh, all right," Packi said feigning annoyance. "Go get the ruler."
Pompi opened up a big red wooden chest lying a few feet away and produced a normal-sized ruler. As she made her way to her partner, Packi crawled out from under the lion man.
Upon seeing the ruler, Packi admonished her partner, saying, "No, not that one! The big one!"
"Oh, yeah!" Pompi said cheerily. "This calls for a really big stick!"
As Pompi began looking inside the chest, she allowed half her body to disappear into it with only the tips of her toes sticking out over the rim of the lid.
"I'm looking!" exhorted the squeaky voice from inside the box.
Packi shook her head in mock dismay. "It's bigger than you," she said, "how can you miss it?"
"There's a lot of shit in here!" came the response.
Upon seeing this, Bonnie was laughing so hard that she began pounding my leg with her fist as if in a convulsion. "It's too fucking funny!" she said, gasping for breath.
"Did you find it yet!" Packi inquired.
"Yes! I found it!"
"Great! Come on out."
"I don't think I can," Pompi replied somewhat distressed.
"Oh, for Pete's sake! Are you sure?"
"I can't get out! Help! Help!"
Packi rushed to the aid of her partner but, try as she might, she could not lift her friend out of the box. She tried several different maneuvers, all unsuccessful but funny nevertheless, and finally had to resort to securing both of Pompi's feet to a rope connected to a pulley made especially for just this purpose. With both of Pompi's feet now attached to the rope, Packi began turning a giant wheel, which pulled the rope taut around Pompi's ankles and slowly lifted her out of the box by degrees. As Pompi's body was raised up, her hands held a giant ruler that she seemed to pull out of the chest vertically, which was, of course, an illusion. But the effect was nothing short of hysterical as Packi raised her partner higher and higher until Pompi was literally ten feet off the ground, holding in her hands what appeared to be a six-foot wooden ruler.
"You think this is long enough to measure that big cock of his?" Pompi asked Packi as she dangled in mid-air.
"I think so," Packi replied.
"Great! Now let me down!"
The audience howled.
All during this time the orchestra was playing music to underscore the activities in the arena, accentuating each bit of stage business in ways that added immensely to the general hilarity. At times I felt as if I were watching a world-class production, and I wondered how long it must have taken the performers to learn their routines, seeing that every action was carried out with such astounding precision. It also made me wonder how much money Philip had laid out for his wife's amusement. To get talent of this caliber was not cheap, and to get people to do such erotic things in front of an audience was far more expensive still.
As Packi lowered Pompi to the ground, the man-beast let out a roar.
"What's the matter?" Packi inquired of the beast. "Did your penis go soft?"
Again he growled at them.
"Lubricating cream!" Pompi shouted as she lunged head first into the giant chest.
In a few moments the midget jumped out of the box carrying what looked like a tube of gel in her hands.
"Good work, Pompi," Packi said. "Now start applying that stuff to your hands and then get to work on his penis!"
"Yes, m'am," Pompi obeyed.
The little girl squeezed out a generous amount of cream into her hands and then began to go to stroke the lion man's penis. She rubbed him up and down the length of his shaft vigorously with both hands, standing back once in a while to admire the results of her manipulations. "He's getting nice and big now," she said proudly.
"Good, good, keep going," Packi instructed.
After several more minutes of intense masturbation, the lion man's cock had achieved full erection and it jutted outward from his body in a most obscene fashion.
"I think it's as big as it's gonna get, Packi," Pompi noted.
"My, my," Packi said, admiring the results, "it think it's time we measured this thing, Pompi."
Having said this, she had Pompi hold one end of the ridiculously oversized ruler under his cock while she held the other end. The man-beast continued to growl every now and then, but by this time the girls were no longer afraid of him.
"There, there," Packi cooed, "don't be grumpy. We're gonna make you all better real soon."
"Well?" Packi said impatiently. "How long is it?"
Pompi looked down at the ruler. "It says 34...no, almost 35 cm."
"What the hell does 'cm' stand for?"
"How should I know?" she replied.
"Use your head," Packi complained. "What does it say in inches?"
Pompi again studied the ruler, adjusting the man-beast's cock to make certain she was accounting for every inch. "Oh, wow!" she exclaimed. "Could it be possible? Could her really be sixteen and one half inches long!"
Everyone in the audience let out a gasp.
"I can vouch for that!" Rebecca laughed.
"Amen, sister," Bonnie added.
Throwing the ruler away, the midgets now resumed the work they had begun earlier. Assuming their former positions, they now went to work in earnest, Pompi standing on the right side of the lion man grasping his monstrous set of balls, and Packi directly underneath him, stroking his huge prick with both hands above her head. As each of the girls stroked him in unison, the orchestra mimicked their actions, lending both a sense of dramatic urgency and a humorous touch to this wildly erotic scene. As their combined efforts grew in intensity, so did the music, each successive chord building up to an earth-shattering crescendo.
"I didn't know lions had such big cocks!" Packi said between strokes.
"I didn't know they had such big balls!" Pompi chirped as she squeezed his testicles with both hands.
Suddenly the entire arena went dark and the music stopped. Out of the darkness a lone spotlight shone on the trio as the lion man got ready to cum. The two wanton little elves urged him on, both their hands teasing his cock and balls until he began to erupt.
"Ahhhhh!" cried the lion man, as the first spurt of white cream shot out of the head of his prick and flew across the stage, arcing high into the air and disappearing into the surrounding darkness.
From behind me, Alice and Patti Ann clapped and sang their approval of the massive cumshot, giggling like schoolgirls as the sperm continued to spurt.
"Holy shit, sis," Bonnie remarked. "And he isn't even taking your stuff!"
I had to admit that the lion man had indeed produced an ejaculation worthy of EJAX-472. That first shot must have traveled about 10 feet at least—an incredible feat for a normal man. However, it was the continuous volleys of sperm that followed that made me wonder. I had never witnessed a normal man cum this way. Could it be possible that there were some men who could exude such tremendous amounts of ejaculate? Bonnie had told me about several adult film stars who could indeed produce massive quantities of sperm, but they were in the minority. Could this man be one of those lucky few capable of such a feat?
Beginning with the second spurt, which landed an equally impressive distance, I counted no fewer than nine intense, long-distance ejaculations, some fired off so rapidly that the air seemed alive with the lion's creamy white paste—long, sticky strings of goo that hurtled through the void like a stream of meteors in the night sky. And amidst all the wild gaiety taking place around me, I felt a terrible gnawing in my stomach as I contemplated the possibility that my sister may have had a hand in making these astounding orgasms possible. I looked at her, intently studying her face to see if there were any indications of satisfied expectation; any glimmer of satisfaction that hinted at the successful culmination of a premeditated plan. A few moments passed before she became aware of me watching her.
"Are you okay, sis?" she said concerned.
"Sure, I'm fine." I replied.
"Why are you looking at me like that?"
"I'm just happy that you're enjoying yourself," I replied.
Judging by the look on her face, I knew then that she was just as surprised as I was by the lion man's performance. It appeared that he was indeed one of those few men who could manufacture vast amounts of sperm completely of his own volition, without the aid of any drug.
As Packi pumped the final few strands of cum from the black man's cock, the audience stood and cheered. The music swelled as the man and the two midgets bowed to the crowd and quickly ran to the rear of the enclosure, exiting out a rear door.
Several acts quickly followed. The first of these was what I can only describe as a high-altitude ménage à trois, featuring one lovely, buxom brunette and two men who, by virtue of exemplary agility, managed to perform what must have been history's first high-wire fuck. Once they had climbed up the ladder to the top of the platform, they discarded all their clothing and proceeded to walk out onto the high-tension wire. One man walked out first, carrying a long thin beam for balance. The other man had lifted the woman up by her buttocks in a forward piggyback fashion and held her close to him as she wrapped her arms around his neck. He, too, held a long wooden beam for support as the two of them slowly made their way out toward their partner.
The audience was very quiet during this performance of aerial daring do. The only musical accompaniment was that of a lone snare drum, which played a long, continuous roll, increasing or decreasing in volume as the acrobats' movements dictated. Sometimes when it looked as though one or all them were about to topple off their precarious perch and fall into the net below, the audience would cry out in empathy, hoping by such vocalizations to ward off the event. At last, when it seemed they had established a sense of equilibrium, I watched as the two men opened what appeared to be a packet of lotion that had been tied around each of their necks, which they used as a lubricant on their respective cocks. It was tricky business watching the two of them masturbate themselves without them losing their balance. But jerk off they did, much to the fascination of the crowd.
When both men had achieved erections, the man who had walked out first onto the wire approached the brunette from behind and slowly worked his prick into her asshole. She cried out at the invasion of her sphincter, but soon started moaning with pleasure as the prick slid in and out effortlessly. The other man simply guided his cock into her vagina and the three of them quickly established a rhythmically precise fucking tempo that was soon picked up by the orchestra. The men timed their penetrations so that both their cocks would be inserted and withdrawn at the same time, heightening the woman's pleasure. They held this position for several minutes until the brunette achieved orgasm, her screams of ecstasy filling the night air. Everyone cheered and applauded this splendid demonstration of skill and agility.
"I wonder if he came inside her," Patti Ann said to her sister.
"No, you idiot," Alice replied sharply. "Can't you see they're still hard?"
Indeed, the men were still very erect. I watched in fascination as the woman lowered herself onto the wire between the two men. She then took a prick in each hand and began to masturbate both men with quick, intense motions. It took only a few hard strokes to produce an astonishing double cumshot, with both her partners climaxing at the same time. I watched in fascination as the woman's skilled hands coaxed out several long ropes of cream that momentarily sailed out into the air on a parallel course before cascading down into the net. We all gasped as the sperm continued to spew out into the night air, holding our collective breath and hoping that no one would lose their balance while in the throes of orgasm.
Despite my vague assurance that my drug was not directly involved in these proceedings, I began to foster a lingering doubt about this belief when I once again witnessed these two men experiencing such long, sustained cumshots. Could these men be like the lion man? Were they, like him, able to produce incredible amounts of semen naturally, without the aid of a fertility supplement like EJAX-472? As I pondered this question, the act concluded to a thunderous applause.
"Have you ever seen anything like that?" Michelle asked aloud, enthralled by the performance.
"Never," Maria replied, equally captivated.
End of Chapter 3