It started with Lan. Or more accurately my Vietnamese friends who had finally convinced me to get a younger Vietnamese wife, bring her here to Australia and push her sexuality to the limit. I had followed their advice and ended up in Ca Mau, the unofficial capital of the Vietnamese Mekong region, and met Lan. She was twenty years old and an insatiable sex-machine. Being from the countryside she was less sophisticated and demanding than a Saigon bar girl.
But there was a fly in the ointment. The Australian immigration laws. I wanted to bring Lan here to Oz for a trial to see if she was long term suitable as a fuck toy before making the final decision, but our Government was worried about giving young single women visas fearing they would vanish and become illegals, so no visa for Lan. The stalemate was broken by the fact that she had an aunt named Kim Cuc who lived in Vietnam. Kim Cuc, a 46-year-old widow had been married to Lan's father's brother, and her terminally ill sister was living here in Melbourne. The Government was willing to issue a visa on compassionate grounds for Kim Cuc to travel here with Lan to look after the dying woman. Cynic that I am, I thought it probably saved the Aussie Government medical expenses having 2 unpaid carers looking after the sick Vietnamese woman.
I went to bed early at 8 as I had been working long hours of late for a week. Hearing noises I awoke. It was about 9 pm and I went to the lounge, the source of the noise. Kim Cuc, the 46-year-old Vietnamese aunt who had accompanied her niece Lan to Australia was in front of the fire trying on the outfit I had bought for her birthday. Her firm small 32A tits kept the cream camisole tight revealing her hard nipples. She was breathing hard as she stretched the tight black crepe, below-knee skirt which just covered her taut arse and which was moulded to her sleek thighs. With it on she completed the ensemble by putting on the matching blazer. It wasn't slutty, which I preferred, just elegant, as I didn't want to give a wrong impression seeing I was to be fucking her niece.
Tears of joy were in her eyes. Seeing me she gasped and broke into a tearful thank you. "No one has done something like this for me before," she sobbed.
You're part of my family now." I said, "Lan and I want you to be happy."
"She doesn't," referring to her niece, my future wife, "She is only interested in your money, and she hates me being here except as a servant. I wouldn't be here unless her visa demanded that she travel with family."
"You're wrong," I said, but I was unconvincing because it was the truth. Before going back to my bedroom, I reflected on Lan and how the 20-year-old had changed. Now she was only interested in spending my money, gossiping, singing karaoke and gambling. She was no longer the exhibitionist, inexhaustible hot fuck that she was back in Ca Mau.
I went to my bed, alone as Lan was visiting a cousin in Sydney. I was just glad to stay in Melbourne and miss the eternal gossip sessions and parading before relatives the trip would have entailed. Just as I was starting to drift off to sleep, Kim Cuc slid into bed with me and said, " It's my birthday and I'm lonely, and a long way from Vietnam. Please just be with me and talk to me."
Half asleep and without thinking, I said, "Anything for my special future aunt in law."
Too late. She was only wearing a short, sleeveless nightie made for the humid hot nights of Ca Mau, and I sleep naked, so there was a lot of skin on skin. We talked for a few minutes about Vietnam, her birthday, did I or Lan select her present and so on. As we half nodded off and conversed, she rested her head against my shoulder and then snuggled up. Then just like gravity is always working, the inevitable happened: A lonely woman and an alone man started kissing.
Her hand soon rested on my cock which after the abstinence of late due to Lan, swelled under her ministrations. "Oh my God, I'm so sorry. It was an accident," as she rapidly withdrew her hand. Then she said, " No I'm lying. Getting the present from you made me take this step. I'm horny and have wanted your cock since I have been here. I want you to fuck me." Then she knelt on the bed in front of me, took my cock into her mouth, and proceeded to give me one of the best blowjobs I'd had. Ever. After five minutes she was stroking my cock and I was rubbing a hand up and down her back, getting a good feel of her tight arse while rubbing her clit and finger-fucking her with the other hand. She was rubbing my chest with one of her hands and playing with my swollen meat with the other.
After a few minutes of this, I rolled onto my back and pulled her on top of me. I reached down with both hands and got a grip on her arse and started pulling her toward me. First, I licked my way down to her tits. They were smallish being 32A but with strong long nipples, and 30% of the tit was very dark brown with exceptionally sensitive areolae, which reacted and swelled fast. I sucked and nibbled for a while, then pulled her higher and worked my way across her belly, heading toward her pussy. She was already wet: in fact, she was leaving a trail of juice across my chest as I pulled her closer. She started to moan and writhe as soon as I started licking her cunt. When I zeroed in on her clit, she came instantly. It must have been a long time between drinks.
She didn't make much noise but reached down and grabbed my head and tried to push it into her cunt while she mashed it wetly against my face. Her pussy was running like a half-open tap, and my face was soon covered with a mixture of her cum and sex juices. I kept up my work on the clit tip, with occasional side-trips circling her clit, and stabs toward her arsehole. After fifteen minutes or so of this, she had come so hard and often that she couldn't take any more, and just sort of folded over backwards, ending up lying down on my chest, with her cunt and arse in my face.
As soon as I regained my breath, I rolled her over onto her back and kissed my way down to her cunt. She was still wet when I got there and when I started to gently rub her clit with my fingertip, she got even wetter, and reacted by pumping her hips. I easily slid two fingers into her sopping pussy and began slowly and deliberately finger-fucking her. She came quickly and soaked my hand to the wrist. She must have been in a monastery for years celibate because she certainly came quickly and often and had a lot of fluid to let loose from her cunt. Far more so than her niece.
As soon as she stopped thrashing around, I leant down and started tongue-fucking her again and lashed her clit with my tongue until she shrieked and came again. I kept it up for about another ten minutes straight, until my tongue ached, and she could barely move. She was wet as a swamp, with her pussy-juice running down her legs and arse, and both my face and the bed under her were soaked.
When I finally stopped, she just lay comatose for a bit, before sliding back down until we were face-to-face again with me under her. She hungrily licked all her juice off my face, then she reached down and grabbed my fuck meat, which was still hard as iron. She lifted herself up high enough to clear my cockhead and straddled me. She rubbed the head up and down her slit a few times, then slowly lowered herself onto me, a little at a time inching her way down onto it, until she had it all packed as far up her cunt as it would go. Finally, she was firmly seated on me cowgirl style with all of my cock in her tight, velvet walled pussy. I reached up and started to play with her tits and pinch her nipples, and she started to rock back and forth, then used her thighs to lift herself up and down on my cock, until she was fucking herself hard on my vertical prick. Rocking back and forth on my cock she rubbed her clit against it. "Fuuuuckkkk, I'm Cuuuuuuumingggg."
She came with a monstrous scream accompanied by furious frantic bucking and riding of my cock. After she finished jerking around, I sat about halfway up, got my legs under her and my arms around her arse, put her arms around my shoulders, and then stood up from the bed and rested my back against a chair. The weight of Kim Cuc's body wasn't enough to really bother me for a short time, but it drove my cock even deeper into her cunt. I could feel its head press against the end of her pussy, and then her womb opened up to make room for it. She gasped, and then hunched herself down even harder, for even deeper penetration. She was mostly babbling in Vietnamese having lost all composure, and as best I could make out, she had never had anyone so deep into her before and wanted more.
The tight squeeze of her womb-mouth clasping my prick-head was a first for me. If I was a sex story writer I would claim I had a monster cock, but the truth is she had a shortish fuck channel. But it was certainly a turn on for me. I got my arms under her thighs and my hands around her arse and started to lift her up and down on my shaft. Lifting her up to its tip and then releasing her to be impaled by it.
She was keening over and over, "So deep, so deeeep," and getting so wet that it was running down her thighs and my legs. I'd never seen anyone get so wet before. She came again, and the spasms in her womb felt like they were going to suck the head off my dick. After a bit, she stopped me and said, "I'm drained. You made me cum so often, so hard, so long. You fuck me for a while and enjoy me."
I rolled her over and mounted her and slid my tool into her cunt. Because of the number of times that she had cum she was wet, hot and sloppy, and there was no resistance as I slid my hardon into her balls deep. She had said she was tired, but her cunt muscles hadn't got the message because they gripped and pulsed along the length of the spear that was fucking her. I started stroking in and out slowly but sped up as I fucked the 46-year-old until I was slamming into her as hard and as fast as I could. "Drained. I will lay still and you use my body." I say Bullshit. She was fucking back at me all the way, telling me to fuck her harder and faster. Eventually, I hit my limit as she screamed, "Harder, harder, deeper, deeper. Oh my God, you fucking my womb. You're making me cum. I can't hold on. Like a whale breaching the surface, I had to blow.
I shouted, "You are making me cum. I can't hold it. Where do you want it?"
She wailed back, "First load on my tits. Cum on me, I want you to drown my tits and face. I want to see it shoot jizz at me."
I felt the rising cum in my balls and knew that I was about to blow my load all over her. I groaned, "I'm cumming," pulled my prick out of her cunt, and thrust it toward her face. She grabbed it with both hands and started jerking. When I erupted, the first three spurts didn't even arc they flew in a straight line from the one-eyed monster to her face, splattering across her nose, mouth and chin. The rest of it landed on her tits and across her belly. I thought I was going to pass out from the intensity of my orgasm.
She asked what Lan fucked like and without thinking, I replied she was good and sometimes went three hours, but always at least one hour. Kim Cuc sneered and laughed. "Three hours. That is an entrée course for me, just a quickie. I need the full menu."
She was rubbing my cum into her skin and pussy moaning "I love it too much. I listen at night. I know my niece doesn't fuck you enough. Now I'll give it to you whenever however you want. Who fucks best, me or Lan?"
Normally I would be more evasive than a politician, but you don't know the fuck I had just experienced. "Yooouuuuu." Wrong move because she squirmed so hard when she came, she wrenched her body off my fuck meat and squirted a discharge of cum into my chest, chanting "Better than Lan, better than Lan," as she did so.
Sometimes you are lucky, and I was. I was in the zone, on fire, in the groove. Call it whatever you want. I could have fucked all night and day. I laid her on her belly, put a couple of pillows under her hips and gently spread her legs apart, then knelt between them. I rubbed her arse for a while, reaching underneath her to play with her clit and pussy from time to time. Then I spread her cheeks apart and started licking the crack of her arse. After working my way from top to bottom a few times, I zeroed in on her arsehole. As I started to tease it with my tongue-tip, I worked three fingers in and out of her cunt and rubbed my thumb against her clit. I don't know how many times she came, or if she was just having one long orgasm. She soaked half the bed with her juice and claimed she was so worn out that she could hardly move.
I knew better now. It was just words. I lifted her arse up off the bed and put a couple of pillows under her pussy to keep it in the air. Then I started teasing her pussy with my tongue. She immediately started to buck and squirm, and I shifted my attention from her cunt to her arse but still fingered her cunt and worked her clit while I licked her arsecheeks, and slowly worked my way into the bullseye.
The closer I got to her brown star, the more she reacted. Then I started rimming her hole, and she just about hit the ceiling. She was bucking all over the bed, and her pussy was running at full speed over my hand. Seeing the result, I started to thrust my tongue in and out of her arsehole. It was when I stuck my tongue up her pucker and started tongue fucking her it, that I hit pay dirt. She started cumming like a maniac, drenched my face and the bed with pussy juice, and screamed something in Vietnamese, before just bouncing her cunt against the pillows and trying to rip my tongue out by the roots with her arse.
Soon enough she started gasping, "Fuck me! Fuck me up the arse. I need it in my arse."
Despite my tiredness, I slid back down. I had truly never seen a woman expel as much cum and juice as Lan's aunt and it was making me hornier and dissipating my tiredness better than coffee. Her arse was covered with my saliva, and my hand was soaked with her pussy-lube, so I pressed my middle finger against her arsehole, as I massaged her clit with my other hand. There was a brief resistance, and then it slid in. She sighed and wiggled her cunt down against the pillows a bit harder. Soon, I was working three fingers in and out of her arse, and I had a cock that was hard enough to cut a diamond. Quickly I went into the bathroom and got a wet washcloth. I left the lights on low, so I could see what I was doing, and then I washed her arsehole.
I grabbed a bottle of lotion, poured a healthy amount down the crack of her arse, and then started working it into her arsehole with my fingers. Once she was lubed up and ready to go, I greased my dick and she screamed, "Fuck me, fuck me in the arse with your cock. My arse can take more cum than my cunt. Fuck me like you can't fuck my niece, Let me fuck you better than Lan," she screamed as she knelt on the bed waiting for my cock in her arse.
I lifted her arse a bit higher and put another pillow under her. Then I knelt behind her and rubbed my rod up and down the crack of her arse, I reached down with both hands and spread her arse cheeks as far as I could. She positioned the head at her back passage, rubbed the head of my dick over her hole for a few seconds then slowly started to push herself back against it. There was hardly any resistance, and she groaned, not with pain but desire, pushed back to relax a bit, and the head popped into her chute. She wailed, "Together, NOW," and pushed back and the tiny Vietnamese and I had the whole thing lodged in her arse.
I stopped, reached under her with one hand, and started to gently rub her clit again to relax her. Relax her. Ha Ha. She started to buck and squirm again, bucking and pulling my cock in and pushing it out of her arse. For a few minutes, I let her do the work, pressing her against the pillows, arms wrapped around her, rubbing her clit and playing with her pussy with one hand, fondling one tit with the other hand. I was just sort of making micro-thrusts, not more than a quarter-inch in and out of that incredibly tight hole while she did the fucking: dragging my meat in and out of her arse: all the way out until just the head was in, then reclaiming it with a violent backward thrust until my crotch was pressed against her arse.
Then she stopped moving for a little while, just kneeling there with my dick in her arse, eyes closed, squeezing and pulling on her nipples, which were huge by now. After a bit, Lan's aunt slowed and rhythmically started to rock back and forth against my meat, fucking herself on with my dick.
The sight of my swollen cock splitting her arsehole wide open, combined with the intense feel of it was enough. I knew that I was going to shoot a wad soon, and it was going to be a big one. After a few more strokes, I felt the rising tingle in my balls and knew it was time. I joined the action and started picking up speed, slamming my tool into her upturned arse, until I couldn't hold back. I make one last thrust, held it there for one ever-lasting second, and then grunted loudly as I shot my load. I came so hard, that my head spun, and I felt dizzy for a bit. I held my cock there, until it started to get soft, then pulled it out. It came out with an obscene sucking sound that made me want to do it all over again. Kim Cuc had finally truthfully said she had had enough. I went into the bathroom to take a piss and get cleaned up myself. Then I went back and got into bed again with a sleeping Kim Cum. It was 1am so this woman who I had thought quiet and conservative had fucked four hours straight including a long anal session and emptied me twice.
When I woke up at 2am, Kim Cuc was lying on her back, with her legs slightly spread. She was mostly asleep and unconsciously and lightly running her fingertips up and down her slit. She moaned sleepily and spread her legs wider for deeper access, then groped around with her other hand until she found my cock, which she started to slowly stroke. I watched her get wet fast, and o work her hips from side to side. I wrapped an arm around her shoulders, reached down with the other to get a handful of her rounded arse, and joined in rubbing her cunt from behind. She had one arm around my waist, had a handful of dick, and was gently stroking it up and down. She woke and said, "If you keep on doing that, it's going to get good again soon."
I was amazed at her need for sex and as we lay entwined together I said, "I have never known a woman fuck as well or cum as much. How do you do it?"
She purred with pleasure. "Most men wouldn't even notice, but you do. I think I was born horny, but I have been looking for a man that appreciates that. You do and that makes me even more responsive. Then I want to fuck and fuck all night nonstop. Every way: normal, anal, blowjobs, three ways, man's best four footed friend, BDSM. Every position. You name it and I will do it with you and cum more. Would Lan do that? Can she even do any of it?"
Without waiting for my answer, she bent over a little and started sucking on the head of my dick. I put a hand behind her head and coaxed her forward, taking it deeper and deeper into her mouth. I felt the head of my cock hit the back of her throat, and then she bent her head back and took the rest of it down her throat, until she had the entire thing in her mouth, and the last few inches lodged in her throat. She started to hum, deep in her throat giving me a feeling I'd never had before. I kept on caressing her cunt and clit, and the pussy juice started to run down the crack of her arse, making it buttery-slick. Once she was really wet, I started running my fingers further back, until shortly I was stroking her from her clit to her arsehole.
After about ten minutes of this, Kim Cuc started moaning and then shook in orgasm. Once she was over her orgasm, she asked me, "You want fuck my arse again?"
I said "Of course. I always eat and travel first class, and you are first class. How do you do it so good and for so long when Lan often has trouble in taking it in and then short bursts." I couldn't understand the answer because she came and screamed so hard I took it the question pleased her. She rolled over on her belly, thrust her arse high into her air, and used both hands to pull her cheeks wide apart. I could understand what that meant.
After about five to ten minutes of tongue-fucking her arsehole, she said, "It's time I want my husband to fuck my arse now", Husband? Where had that come from? I transferred some cum from her slit to her backdoor. Then she said, "This time I want to be on top. I bet Lan has never done this." She was right and I rolled over onto my back. She grunted and squeezed out a healthy dollop of her juices into her hand and massaged it onto my dick.
Just like earlier in the night e when she impaled her cunt on my cock she crouched over me, reached down and grabbed my dick, then lowered her arse until my one-eyed monster was just touching her arse, then eased my rigid waiting member into her, absorbing it steadily into her arse. Then she exploded into a violent riding rocking fuck. I reached under her legs with both arms, and then pulled her legs toward my shoulders. This overbalanced her, and she had to lean backwards and hold herself up with her hands behind her. Once I had her like this, I sat up, then pulled my legs under myself and kept going until I had her on her back with my cock still in her arse. I raised her arse into the air and put a couple pillows under it, then went to town.
I started off slow, easing my cock almost all the way out of her arse, then sliding it back in until my balls were up against her arse. Then, as we both got excited, I started to pick up steam, until I was piledriving her. She was fingering her clit and cumming so hard that she was flooding cum down her arse, across my cock, and making her tight arse even slicker. I still had her legs over my shoulders, and this had her arse pulled almost straight up in the air, where I was hammering it like there was no tomorrow.
Next, I swung her around doggy style, and held my cock with one hand, until it was aimed at her back door entrance. I put the tip right up against her arsehole and pressed against her until the head popped into her pecker hole. I stopped there for a moment so she could feel it was in her again, then leant on her driving it home. As soon as I was fully embedded in her arse, I stopped again. I reached around underneath her and started rubbing her clit. Kim Cuc started coming almost as soon as I touched her clit, biting her knuckles to keep from screaming. As she came, her bucking and jumping around combined with her arsehole going into spasms and sucking against my cock made me near to a cum.
Fortunately, Kim Cuc's tight arsehole kept the blood in my cock from escaping, so I didn't lose my hard-on. After a few minutes, when I was sure that I'd stay hard and not cum if I kept in motion, I began to stroke in and out of her arse. I started stroking in and out of her arse as she alternated between fingering her cunt and playing with my balls.
There I was, knees on either side of her buttocks, hands spreading her arse to get a better look at my cock which was completely embedded balls-deep and unmoving in Kim Cuc's anus. I was simply enjoying the pulsations of her butt. Those spasms somehow managed to squeeze the entire length of my hard cock from its base (surrounded by the ring of her distended anus) to the tip of my throbbing penis buried in her intestines. Her buttocks pushed up and back, twisting slightly to bend my cock at the root, again gripping my shaft so tight my eyes popped open. God, just sitting on her arse as she fucked my cock was better than Lan's attempts at anal and I told her so.
Kim Cuc was into her work and grunting regularly and about every third time she raised her butt to push my cock into her arse a low croak escaped her lips. Each time she pushed back, I experienced a cock-squeezing from her intestinal canal that I thought only existed in sex stories. Reaching up to her hair, I pulled it like a pair of reins and dragged her head back and started to ride that arse, slowly pulling out a little and plunging back in pushing her shit chute inwards as I struck bottom. Her grunts became more frequent, matching my cock's descent into her body. I had the full length driven in on the plunge before a paused and half the length of my trouser pocket snake pulled out on each outstroke. I learnt to like to wait for a few seconds when my cock was completely buried in her butt to enjoy the feel of her pulsing arse muscle ridges caressing my cockhead on its passage in and out.
The grip of her butt was even greater than her cunt muscles. My sweat mixed with her cum juice to coat my shaft each time I managed to forcibly pull out of her gripping arse. So tight was her grip I thought she might rip my cock off and keep it in her arse as a trophy. Then I began to pick up speed until once again I was rapidly fucking the forty-six-year old's arsehole, listening to my ball sack slapping against her flesh.
After about five minutes, I decided to try something different. I pulled out of her arse and told her to turn over. She got up, and then lay back down on the bed, face up. I spread her legs apart and put a small pillow under her arse to tilt it up, bent my knees a little so my dick was the same level as her arsehole, and then slid my cock back into her arse. I was able to lean over and kiss her while fucking her arse. She had her legs hooked over my shoulders and her arse hiked up in the air, and I was pounding my dick into her arse as hard as I could. Lan's aunt was fingering her clit and pussy and was coming almost continually. I started to slide my cock out, then back in, slowly at first, then totally without restraint. She was panting and moaning and telling me to fuck her harder and faster as she rubbed her clit and finger-fucking herself.
She screeched and orgasmed once more, and it must have been strong because the twisting of her arsehole as her body shook took me beyond any control I had left. I came, pumping a massive load deep into her arse. After her writhing arsehole had wrung the last drop of cum from my cock, I was able to keep stroking into her arse for a minute, but then I went soft and popped out of her arsehole. Her wail of anguish filled the room, so I went down on her.
How could she have so much sex juice and cum in her slim body? I was done but she was still wanting more when I was saved by the 5am alarm buzz as I had to pick up her niece Lan at the airport.
When I left my bedroom she had three fingers in her cunt and was languidly pleasuring herself and moaning "Greg, Greg, fuck me, Greg," over and over. I drove to the airport replaying the eight hours including the middle one hour of sleep in my mind but realizing it was what it was: a one-off, though incredible fuck by two lonely people. As they say, it was two ships passing in the night. I continued driving to the airport thinking that although it had been just a one-night stand with Kim Cuc, well not even one night, it had crystalised my thoughts. If Kim Cuc could see her niece's actions, then what I knew deep down was true.
Bringing a twenty-year-old Vietnamese country residing woman more than twenty years younger than myself to Australia and hoping to have a relationship was never going to work. I would break it off in the car journey back to my apartment, give her some money and she could go back home to Vietnam and have a life there.
At the arrivals I waited at the barrier looking in vain for a bored, lethargic, shuffling, tracksuit wearing Vietnamese, mentally preparing my Dear Jane letter, the female equivalent of the Dear John one so many overseas troops received. What the fuck? Approaching me was a true 5ft 1 Vietnamese skank tottering on five-inch heels. Her black hair was dyed an orange blonde, extreme length, heavily mascara loaded, false eyelashes almost dominated the nearly over made-up face, but did not as they were overpowered by 'huge full with double lobe lower' botox injected lips. Look it up on the net. Two natural 32DD melons bounced in a fluro lime green halter neck string bikini top with tit flesh oozing out either side of each triangle-shaped covering. Really tight jean shorts were laminated onto a 34-inch arse and showcased two rounded arse buns, a contrast to the flat arses so many Asians have.
As Lan got closer a huge smile broke out on her face and she charged at me. Despite the heels and restrictive shorts, she managed to do it without tripping over. I was impressed. As she got closer, I could see the shorts were about 5 inches deep at the sides, and although skintight on her arse and pelvis the leg endings were loose and at certain angles I thought her mons would be visible. The waist of the shorts must have been about 28 or 30 inches because there was plenty of gap between the short's waistline and her 25-inch belly. She was a pocket rocket, very short with an atypical Asian body: DD cups, rounded arse and curved belly, and instead of the long torso and short stumpy legs or longer thin bandy legs she had long, strong thighed legs with a short body.
Naturally, my eyes zoomed to her tits looking for her nipples. They were not overlong perhaps half an inch whether aroused or at rest but were as thick as the tip of my middle finger. What the fuck again? The left was straining at the thin lycra material as was the right, but the right one also showed something new: the shape of a thick dumbbell piercing. She jumped on me like a soccer player onto the player who has scored a goal and had her legs wrapped around my waist, her arms around my neck and her tongue searching for my tonsils. Only some soccer players do the last thing.
I am human, and my cock responded trying to force its way between my lower belly and her jeans covered pussy. A long low moan issued from deep inside her and she pressed her body closer against it. I was dumbstruck, but it didn't stop my hard-on.
"I missed my husband? so much. I had to come back, so I paid extra for the early flight. I hope you don't mind and are happy that I am back. Next time something like that happens we go together or not at all. I am not going to be parted from my man." Husband? We weren't married. She was here for a trial run for that job, and I had decided twenty minutes before she had failed.
My mind was spinning. What was happening? She jabbered on as we exited the terminal, but I hardly took it in. In the relatively deserted carpark, she stopped and held me and drove her tongue into my mouth again. I couldn't help but respond and she took my hand placed it in the gap between her skin and jeans top and pushed it down. Three things. She wore nothing, not even a thong. She was shaved: all the time I had known her she had resisted my hints to shave, and her bush wasn't even trimmed. And three, her pussy was soaking wet, something no one can fake. What had happened?
Her cunt was different to most. I personally am a lover of long dangling inner lips and detest thin slits that look like an artist has painted a line on a piece of paper. Filipina prominent mounds are better, as is a true camel toe, but still not as good as dangling crinkly lips. Kim Cuc had a prominent Filipina mound, but she also had raised thumb thick lips with a 2 inch opening between them which showed her pink inner cunt meat. This was topped off by a permanently visible clit the size of the top joint of my little finger. Not as big as a hormone injected weightlifter's but rare for a natural. I stroked the wet slug and it quivered and Lan stood beside my Range Rover grunting in time to my strokes.
"Ung... Ung... Ung... Ung... Ung... Ung...Ohhhh Greg I'm going to cum." She tore at her jean shorts and forced them to her knees. "I'm cuum... cuuummmmmiiing." Her ejaculate arced out to splatter against the door of my vehicle. She hobbled to it and wetting her fingers in her cum pooled on the car side she traced a heart on the dusty door with the letters G and L. She turned to me, "On the plane I wanted you to take me in the car park, but now I want your meat in my mouth all the journey home."
As we got in the car my voice returned, "Why, What." Yes, I was really coherent but understandable in the circumstances.
Tears came into her eyes. "I owe you the biggest apology. You did nothing wrong. I was overwhelmed by everything here and the change in my life. I was a bitch to you. I got to Sydney and saw how the Vietnamese men ignored their wives and women. I talked to the women. They get a disinterested one-minute fuck every night just so the man can boast he gets it every night. Most times it's giving a quick blow job before they go out to drink coffee with their mates. They are more interested in gambling and their young massage parlour women. You were so different. Our fucks were so long, so kinky. You encouraged me to dress like a slut, so here, read this."
She took a note from her backpack and I read,
From this date... I Lan Nguyen am the common-law wife, SEXUAL POSSESSION AND PROPERTY, soulmate, woman and lover, SEXFIGHTER AND EXHIBITIONIST SLUT of Greg Jones.
I WILL ALWAYS LOOK AFTER MY HUSBAND GREG JONES AND TOGETHER WE WILL DO ANYTHING AND EVERYTHING POSSIBLE SEXUALLY AS OFTEN AS WE CAN AND I WILL DRESS AS THE GREATEST SLUT IN AUSTRALIA
SIGNED Lan Nguyen............... Dated:
"I have already started these things. You have felt my cunt. Do you like it?"
I nodded my agreement hoping the drool from my mouth didn't show and groaned as she continued, "And I want you to shave and oil it every day or should we laser it?'
"I think it is best that I shave it because it bonds us every day." She fingered her slit, gave a long groan and cum dribbled to the concrete. No squirting this time. It made me remember and I said, "I saw you squirt. I never saw that before."
"Yeah, I masturbated a lot in Sydney and when I decided what I wanted, the cums got really strong and then It just started happening. Oh, and I got more. Look at this."
She popped her tits out of the tiny coverings. I saw the new one-inch dumbbell in the right nipple, but she proffered her left to me. " I got it done special. Because my nipples are so thick, they could put a thin titanium ring tunnel through them. Now I can easily attach anything we buy. We got a lot of things to pick together, nipple rings, cunt jewellery, belly and ear stuff, And a tattoo. "
I was still several minutes behind. "The shorts," I said, "it looks like your pussy would be on display from certain angles."
She smiled. "You noticed. I thought and hoped you would. Now please stop talking and drive because I want to blow you." Huh, me talking. I was just saying a few random things amid her torrent of words.
In my newly sign written vehicle Lan reached across, unzipped my jeans and had me lift my hips so she could sort of wiggle my jeans and boxers down to the top of my thighs so that I was sitting on them. My fuck rod was of course pointing straight up at the roof of the car. "Mine, all mine," she said in a predatory way. We drove out of the carpark. ($30 for an hour. A monopolistic rip-off) and I kept one eye on the road and one eye on Lan because I still wasn't sure if it wasn't some sort of tease on her part.
If it was then she was doing it very well because she shimmied out of her jean shorts, and I saw for the first time rather than felt her shaved cunt. Back in Vietnam, I had tried to get her to shave but she hadn't. And boy did it suit her. Somehow the bare skin seemed to make the wide pink open sex trench surrounded by her thick sausage lips even bigger and it highlighted the dark brown slug that was always on display look more prominent. It put her cunt on the same level with dangling inners. I couldn't help thinking that if what she had written was true then she was perfect long term.
She had shown in Vietnam she would take me in any hole though with some difficulty in anal, any position, loved cumming, and wanted it more than once every day. You can have your fragile, Asian slim princesses with their perfect body and features but right from the start, I was attracted by her short, long-legged body with its DD cups and her slut face potential. Sure, as she got older, her tits would hang, but a well-designed quarter cup bra would give support and still leave 70% of her titflesh and all her nipples uncovered. She hadn't sexfought but had never dismissed the idea when I brought it up, and lastly had shown more flesh in public than most back in Vietnam though today's outfit was something else.
My thoughts were interrupted as she swivelled her body and leaned down. It was a tight fit between my body and the steering wheel, so I adjusted the seat fully back. This gave her the room she needed, and she just started stroking it gently, almost like she was becoming reacquainted with something treasured. Her other hand reached down to fondle my balls which were available as my body was somewhat raised by the jeans and boxers I was sitting on. She looked straight down at my cock took a small breath and went down in one smooth motion and filled her mouth with fuck meat and held it there, still kneading my balls.
I would say I'm average in length, but pretty thick and veined when hard, and this was as hard as I've ever been. She raised her head and removed my cock from her mouth. My shaft was dripping wet with her saliva, and she began stroking my slickened tool. She lowered her head, and I leaned back further to give her more room. She started kissing and licking my nuts and I gasped. Her hand was moving them around, allowing her to slide her tongue across every inch of my ball sack, and all the while her other hand was rapidly working my spit covered shaft. It had barely been a minute, but I felt an orgasm begin to rise. It was going to be hard not to blow quickly.
I couldn't stop giving a long groan of arousal. "Hold it Greg, Long and slow before you shoot it in my mouth." Yeah, that was supposed to help me not cum. Anything to stop cumming. Anything.
I picked up the paper from the dashboard. "Do you really want this, because you know how I think and what I would want you to do? It would be extreme." She took the paper from me, took a ballpoint pen from her backpack and signed and dated it. Great move. That only made me hornier.
She grasped my prick again with both hands and leaned over it. She dripped a string of saliva on its head and began working it all around with her fingers. It felt amazing as she rotated both hands back and forth while sliding them up and down the length of my cock. I loved it, but I wanted her mouth again. As if she read my mind she lowered her head, holding the base of my cock with one and steadying herself with the other, and swallowed my cock until the back of her throat was pressing against its mushroom head. She stayed like that for thirty seconds, making moaning sounds that vibrated her mouth around my cock.
Slowly she raised her head, slurping up the shaft of my penis. When she got to the tip she stopped and sucked it like a lollipop. I could only catch glimpses as I had to drive but it looked as amazing as it felt. She took my prick in both hands again and started her rotating strokes, continuing to suck on just the head. It was a strange and wonderful feeling. I could feel it building a massive orgasm in my balls, but somehow it wasn't making me cum yet. She settled into a pattern: first taking my cock into her mouth then the withdrawal and hand work. Although my weapon was throbbing, I had the cumming under control.
I was in heaven. I was driving on a city four-lane freeway: dawn had come, traffic was building up, and a Vietnamese woman who was wearing only a bikini halter neck with her tits hanging free and who had just signed a commitment for total sex was giving me a blow job. It was a normal day. Yeah, in my fantasies.
"Does that feel good? I got to give the best sex to my husband. Make him want to fuck me many times a day. " She pulled my cock head out her mouth with a 'popping' sound. I just nodded, it was all I could manage. She continued "Do you have a big load for your woman?" I couldn't believe she was talking this way, but I nodded again, "Tell me when you want to cum." And with that, she sucked me back into her mouth.
She went about a third of the way down, then back up, and then back down. She continued that motion relentlessly while jerking off the rest of my shaft with her hands. She quickly built up to a continuous steady rhythm. I had recovered my brain and voice and was praising her: her tits, her nipples, the piercings, the size of her cunt and clit and how that turned me on. I talked about the jewellery I wanted on her, and the clothes she would wear. She was getting turned on, playing with her clit and her steady rhythm broke. But then I struck gold. I said, "On the way home we are going to go to the Happy Palace and enter you in the Open and Under 25 Beauty Contests, and more importantly, The Lingerie and Nude contests.
Lan went into a frenzy forcing my rod up into her heaving, gagging gullet. Tears sprang from her eyes as her belly spasmed, trying not to expel its contents as she continued to gag at the deep intrusion in her throat. She held her head in place until she needed some air. Giving herself only a little time to refill her lungs, she attacked again and swallowed the entire length straining her neck to present the straightest passage for my cock. She began a long, slow, full skull fuck: twisting her head this and that way as she withdrew my cock, then taking the wet meat slowly to the hilt. Lan's moans and gurgles around my rod sent chills up and down my spine. Faster and faster, she swallowed my meat and self fucked her throat.
She pulled my cock out fully. "When I finish filling my stomach with this load, you are going to stretch my cunt like it's never been stretched before, and when it's nice and loose, you will do the same to my shitter. That will seal the paperwork. Read it to me." She resumed her skull fucking.
I nested it in the steering wheel horn and read it out over and over. To my astonishment as I read it for the fourth time one hand left my cock and went to her slit. "Cuuuuuuuuuuumiiiiing." She shuddered through an orgasm and her squirt splattered on the windscreen. Well, as Meatloaf sang, two out of three ain't bad. The sight of my rod being hand-fed into and then pistoning in and out of her face, the feel of her spasming throat and swirling tongue, and the very fact that she had just cum from being told of what lay ahead for her, all conspired to make me feel like a sexual superman. As her body was finishing a secondary spasm, she rammed her mouth on my tool forcing it as far up her throat as it would go. I couldn't hold it any longer. I felt my orgasm rising, an outgoing load surged through me, and I erupted deep in her oesophagus. She ground her face against my groin, as my reproductive organs turned themselves inside out.
It was the biggest orgasm I'd ever had, my body trembled and jerked involuntarily as I felt my balls pump what felt like truckloads of cum out of me. But the most amazing thing was watching via the mirror and quick glances Lan take it. One hand still held my ball sac as it rose and fell and emptied, while the other stroked the base of my erection, urging my semen onward. She tried to swallow it all but it was too much. As she choked and gagged some flowed out her mouth, some out her nostrils, but most she managed to swallow.
I became aware of a truck horn sounding. I looked around and beside us was a truckie giving us the thumbs up. How long he had been riding shotgun with us and watching I had no idea. Lan saw him and spat what cum was left in her mouth into her hand and rubbed it into her naked tits for him to see. I pulled off at the next exit.
We stopped off at the Happy Palace administration, but it wasn't open yet, so we went to the home of the Big Mac. In the parking lot, Lan reached into her backpack searched around and produced a jeweller's wallet and pulled a multi-strand gold chain from it. She flipped her tits out of the lycra triangles and unscrewed one end of the dumbbell that pierced her thick nipple and removed it. She untangled the gold chains and attached the main necklace around her neck, selected other chains attached to it, fiddled with her piercings and let me look at the finished product.
A short thick gold chain necklace hung to the top of her collarbone ends. Three thinner chains radiated from a small hoop on the necklace: one fell vertically, and the other two were linked to her nipple piercings. Finally, a horizontal curved chain connected her two nipples and the vertical chain. She poured her tits back into the fluro lime triangles of the bikini halter top. It gave an onlooker no doubt that the chains were attached to her nipples, and that was what the early eaters at McDonalds got. When she walked the chains to her nipples slightly twisted the thin lycra material exposing some of her dark areolae.
But the icing on the cake was when she dropped her empty hamburger container when taking it to the bin. You have to love how the home of the Big Mac and similar franchises gets you to do their employee's work. Anyway, when Lan bent over, the wide gap at the short leg ends gave a 100% view of her naked cunt to anyone watching, and believe me, everyone was. As I said hers was in the Filipina prominent mound style but enhanced by her thick lips and wide-open trench. Just the same as many big black women's cunts, when kneeling and seen from behind, hang down fully presented and waiting for cock so did Lan's. It was exhibitionism at its best, especially when she dropped it again and this time when she bent, one of her tits fell out of its material triangle.
Before when we were eating, she had casually asked, "How is Kim Cuc?" Now I don't know about you but a casual question from a woman usually means trouble, proceed carefully.
Ever cautious I replied, " I was going to tell you earlier, but more pressing and enjoyable things happened. She really bad-mouthed you saying you were after my money, even continued after I defended you."
"The fucking bitch said that."
A surreptitious glance at her face and I knew this was not enough. I tried to look embarrassed and lowered my voice and looked around the restaurant as though I was under FBI surveillance. "And that's not all." She leant forward and all my eyes could focus on were those tits. It was not helping. "I was asleep having a wet dream about you when I half awoke and realised a woman was beside me giving me a handjob and straddling me to fuck me, cowgirl. It was pitch black and I was half asleep and with the dream and everything I thought it was you." A quick glance to see how she was taking it. She still looked pissed off.
"It wasn't until I realised that the fucking wasn't as good as you give, not as much sex juices and no cunt tightness and no huge clit rubbing against my cock I awoke fully and kicked her out. Fuck, she has no tits or a body like you. Probably desperate with no man wanting her since she has been here." It seemed to do the trick for her face relaxed. Tell them what they want to hear I always say.
"Yeah, the fucking bitch messaged me and told me she took you all night. I am glad you told me the truth. Most men would have lied but not my husband. Makes me happy because when you say you want me to dress like the best slut in Australia, now I know you are telling the truth. You are right though. When I got the message, I believed she tried to fuck you, maybe even trick you as she did, but all night, give me a break. That hag probably is good for 20 minutes on a good day. Darling, can we do the entry forms tomorrow because I want to go home now? The bitch has probably tried to mess my stuff up."
Ever one to seize an opportunity I replied, "Of course and our special shopping as well." Her body gave a little shudder and as we walked to my Land Rover I thought, "20 Minutes on a good day. Kim Cuc had gone from 9pm to 1am then woken me at 2am and fucked from then till when the alarm went at 5am, supposedly to waken me and looked disappointed we had to stop.
We entered my home and Lan could hear some noise from her aunt's room as the door was open so she knew Kim Cuc was in the house. "I need my husband's cock," she loudly said. Her hand caressed my neck and she reached around me with her other hand, rubbing the growing bulge in my jeans. Her mouth came in close to mine, breathing in my ear, she told me huskily, but loud enough for Kim Cuc in her room to hear, "I need your cock; I can't wait for the bedroom. I've only swallowed you this morning. I need to be fucked and have you shoot your seed in me."
It was then I realized why she wanted it in the corridor: the open door to Kim Cuc's bedroom. One hand continued to rub my neck while the other opened my jeans. Her lips kissed lightly at my ear and cheek. Three strokes and she had me stiff as possible. She turned me, pushing me to sit on the hallway chair. Lan dropped to her knees, her lips wrapping around my cock head. She kept her lips just around the head, tongue dabbing at it while she looked me in the eye. Then she stopped messing around and swallowed me to the hilt for the second time before 10am. Her head turned into a piston flying up and down on my dick. Free of the restraints the car presented she swallowed my length immediately and kept going. She travelled down and then seemingly twisted my cock in a circle and then back again. I reached behind her undoing the halter neck fastenings and letting it fall to the floor. God, that necklace/nipple chain looked fantastic on her tits.
"See how big my tits are. Feel how hard and big those nipples are, Greg, It always turns you on. I pity women who are small titted," she yelled her face turned to the open bedroom door.
Her head moved like a jackhammer on my cock and I grabbed her hair trying to slow her down. She pulled that big mouth off my cock and smiled triumphantly at Kim Cuc's reflection in her bedroom via the hallway mirror. At this rate, I would come in a minute. I grabbed her head pulling her off, "I'm going to come if you keep that up."
"I know baby", she said "I make you cum three or four times a night, but we won't waste it in my mouth," she said, pushing up to kiss me deeply. She rose and quickly kicked off her shorts leaving her clothed in her five-inch heels and necklace. She thrust her shaven pussy forward and opened it for me.
"It's oozing love juice. You know no other women, especially older ones, get as wet as me." She let out a gasp as my thumb slithered along her already wet trench. Lan stood pressing her hands against the wall, riding my hand, her eyes half shut. My free hand slid up and down her thighs. I just about came at the thought of slapping against those thighs while fucking her. I pulled my hand out of her cunt, rubbing the transferred juice along her inner thigh.
"My heels are as long as your cock, Greg. It's what you like. You know I do anything for my man. How can you be a woman and not dress in a way to make your husband horny?"
She pulled her sausage thick cunt lips apart and stroked the pink, wet flesh in the two-inch cap between the raised lips. Her cunt had a strong sexual odour from her earlier climaxes that made a little dribble of come spill from my cock. She didn't say a word and I didn't either as I dove in. I cupped her arse cheeks, helping her stay upright as I tongued her cunt. Her fleshy pussy lips were dark against her Asian skin made lighter in Australia as it was no longer a victim of the incessant yearlong sun of Vietnam. I nuzzled into her, and Lan hissed her pleasure, grinding her pussy against my face.
"Christ, you eat so great. Feel my clit get bigger. No woman here can match that. Take it all in your mouth, Greg."
My thumb slipped off her arse and pushed up into her cunt as I closed my lips around her clit. Lan shrieked, a drawn-out "EEEEEiiiighhhh," interspersed with guttural grunts as she grabbed my hair and stepped back to allow Kin Cuc to see via the mirror. "Christ, I'm cumming and squirting in your face. Let me lick my cum off your face." As her orgasm began to subside, cum still oozed from her vagina, leaving a trail of her juice on her thigh.
Lan pulled her leg away and straddled me. She grabbed my dick, keeping it standing to attention while she pulled her cunt lips apart. The two of us worked in unison as she allowed her body weight to ease down on my cock. I felt enveloped in her warm, wet hole and Lan let out a sigh of contentment. She dropped more and more until her arse rested on me. I took one of her tits into my mouth. Lan gyrated on my dick, not going up but rather moving in slow circles on my cock, all the time looking at Kim Cuc via the mirror.
I reached down, grabbing her arse, my mouth still sucking her tit as I began fucking up into her. Lan grunted and her legs went to work, rising and lowering herself on my shaft. Lan's husky breath came out strained and I could feel her heart beating faster.
"Oh oh ohohohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh YEEEEEEEEEEEEEE" Lan screamed. "Baby I love cumming for my husband," she moaned. "Greg, I've got something special for you tonight because you have been missing out on a real fuck with me away. But now I want to feel your cum inside me as I milk you. Can you feel those cunt muscles squeezing your cock?"
I could, and also her hand playing with my balls. I groaned and came and as I did she stood and held me in her hand and hosed her tits with my spurting cum. Smiling she walked along the passageway letting Kim Cuc see her cum covered body as she passed her open door. But there is nothing like a Vietnamese woman whose femininity is challenged and three hours later as I stood in the kitchen, I felt Kim Cuc behind me and her hand unzip me and grasp my cock, and start to jerk me off. I turned around. The 46-year-old was stark naked.
"Want to fuck me, because you are probably unsatisfied after what you got earlier." She slowly rubbed her hands up her thin body, one in her pussy and the other squeezing her tit. "What position you want to ream me in?"
I played the game."Doggy," I told her and stood up and she bent over the kitchen counter, jutting her arse out, while she played with her slit. "Just stick it into me. Are you going to fuck my arse, because you loved it so much last night?"
She wiggled her butt, "Please just put the meat that belongs to Kim Cuc in me. I want to feel your cock in me again."
I pulled her arsecheeks apart and she brought my well-used cock up to her backdoor. She prepared herself, playing with her pussy and then coating her arse entrance with her juices. I pressed forward and Kim Cuc let out a groan as my cock slipped into her. As it did last night her shitter took me as easily as any cunt would. Unlike any arse that I'd ever fucked before, hers let me in without grief. Kim Cuc reached down and recommenced fingering her slit. I guided her to lean over further until she was resting flat on the counter with her arse in the air. I pressed deeper and she relaxed. She let out a long groan of pleasure, still playing with herself.
"Fuck me. Fuck me. Fuck me. Fuck me! Fuck me Fuck my arse. A woman is not a woman unless she can satisfy her man with her arse. A lot of younger Vietnamese have trouble getting it in the back door. Even if they can. they don't know what to do. They... ungh... can't... ungh... use... ungh...their... ungh...arse... ungh... muscles... ungh... like me... ungh... to pleasure... ungh... their... ungh... man... like... ungh... I do... ungh." Each grunt was accompanied but her anal walls gripping my cock.
She moaned and groaned as I played my part pumping her arse relentlessly. Once again, I realized what was happening. Kim Cuc was in the next room searching the net for cunt jewellery and Kim Cuc was letting her know she wouldn't take a step back. She somehow began clenching her arse in rippling waves that travelled the length of my shaft which was impaling her shit tube. I stepped it up and began slamming into her arse., Kim Cuc's slim body thrashed around uncontrollably under the assault and her voice just became one long moan. But her arse muscles kept going. I couldn't hold it anymore.
I yanked my cock out of her arsehole and my hand flew up and down on my cock, sending long ropes of cum up Cong's arse and back. She twisted to look at me, crying out as I came on her body, "Cover me with your seed, my future husband."
Three things I was now sure of. First, Lan would have heard the last 30 minutes even if she had been asleep in her room not awake. Second, Kim Cuc might be 46 but she loved cock and I doubt any woman could give better anal, and third, both women had declared war and I was the prize.