Nigkala Tales Pt. 09: Nights at the museum
Book leaning can be fun
Thanks to my editor kenjisato. Also, to LanguageTool. Combined, they put me right. Any problems left all belong to me.
Don't forget to rate the story, and comment on it.
= = = = = = = = = =
Within the archaeology community, I was considered an expert of things Sumerian. Very few knew the truth of how I became an expert. I got a message from one of those few, John Maxwell. "Becky Sue, a colleague unearthed a tome written in Akkadian. With your familiarity to its precursor Sumerian, we hope you could help translate it."
I sent a message back, "This tome sounds interesting. I know something of their customs, and may indeed prove helpful. What do you suggest? I have a break in two months, and could spend a few weeks assisting. Where is the tome, or rather where will it be?"
"It is en route to Koç University in Istanbul. They have a good rep for handling artifacts. I must warn you, there is rumor of a curse, as several workers have died in its presence. I'll introduce you to the one in charge of the research." He did, and I was convinced this would be an interesting thing to do. And it would be another feather in my cap of unusual things I have done.
My agent started a rumor I was scouting out locations. I quietly arrived in Istanbul. There, I was met by an archaeology student holding up a cuneiform sign. While many gave him looks, the sign was easily spotted; I had no trouble reading it. It said, "Nigkala the younger." When I approached the student I asked, "Who wrote the sign? I've not been called 'the younger' in a while."
"Ma'am, I was told you would be able to read this. I don't know who wrote it. Anyway, I'm your ride. Shall I get your luggage?" I nodded, and he attempted to lift my duffle bag, leaving the smaller bag for me. My carry-on held my valuables and tablet. "Uhm, ma'am. I'm having difficulty. Your bag is quite heavy."
I saw him struggling with it, so I said, "Put it down. We'll switch bags." I put the smaller bag down. He practically let mine fall. I just leaned over and casually picked it up like it weighed nothing. When I saw his eyes bug out, I hid a smile. "Come, lead me to the car."
Well, it actually was an open-topped military surplus vehicle. I have no idea if it was a car, a truck, or what it might be called. It clearly was well used. I tossed my bag in back, watching the shocks register its weight. He tossed the other bag in back and we both climbed in. I put my carry-on at my feet. He got out a pair of earphones and handed one to me. "It gets too noisy to talk when we travel, so we use these." He started the vehicle, and I saw the wisdom of the earphones. This vehicle was loud and surely in need of a tune-up.
I know we didn't travel in a straight line, or anything close to it. But after an hour or so, we arrived. The whole time, he was telling me about the project and how it would enlighten scholars on this era of history. I could also tell he was trying to figure out if I really had four breasts. It was harder than usual, as the local customs required more modest attire, and I wasn't yet ready to poke that bear. Arriving, I'm sure they heard us, so I wasn't surprised we had a welcoming committee. When the engine was turned off, I returned my headset and picked up my carry-on.
As I got out, one man stepped forward and introduced himself as Dr. Deniz Kaplan. He looked up and said, "John said you were tall. He also recommended your expertise in the Sumerian language. It seems odd to find that in a lay person with work in an unrelated field."
"My work is inspired by history. While the actual product is fiction, I took an interest in the history behind it. With that knowledge, historians like you have less to complain about, which helps in the marketing. It also makes some excerpts suitable for the classroom."
"Yeah. Well, we don't want a lot of undesirable attention, so please be discreet. That said, welcome. Let me show you around. Brian, please take her things to her quarters." I saw Brian flag down two others before they labored to get my stuff out of the vehicle. The doctor led me down a maze of halls and stairs before coming to a large basement area. I had to duck a lot. The area was set out with plenty of room. I saw at least a dozen work areas, several large tables holding artifacts, and plenty of shelf space. He then took me to a small room through a door.
It was obviously his working office, and he immediately went and sat behind the desk, so I sat in one of the other chairs. He began to interview me to verify my expertise. He often reached for a folder and pulled out a picture and asked me to read the text. I recognized a few that I had written, but most were new to me. I think he was rather surprised at the speed with which I read the cuneiform. When I pronounced one fake, he doubted me. So I explained how the text put two locations as being in the same city, when in reality they were in different cities with similar names. I also noted that the cuneiform had symbols from a somewhat later period of time, given the purported age of the object. Lastly, I noted that the writing had very little margin, which would be liable to be broken off. He asked for more details of the locations, and as I described each, he looked them up in his computer and found what I said was true.
"You are indeed an expert. I was already aware of the anachronistic symbols and the margins, but I didn't know about the locations. That you spotted all three in seconds is amazing. It usually takes a minute or two of study, before most experts find even one flaw. Now that I know that you are the real thing, let me show you what we have on the tome." He handed me a tablet after queuing up a slide show. "What you are seeing is the Akkadian tome. It is apparently an inked copy of older tablets. While we are able to read much of what the text says, there are a number of unknown symbols that we don't know what they are. Also, the patterns don't make sense. We are hoping you can assist us."
"I see what you mean. It is clearly encrypted. Can I study this tonight?"
"No need to start right away. Let's get you settled in." With that, he led me out and called for Brian again. "Brian has been assigned as your aide while you are here. Brian, please escort Ms. Tate to her room, and then to the dining hall."
"This way, ma'am." I followed him to my room. It turned out to be a suite, with a huge bed, and a large shower in a separate bathroom. I opened my small bag and pulled out an outfit that I made the last time I was in the Mideast. While not perfect, I figured it would be closer to "normal" and thus acceptable by the locals.
"How much time do we have before dinner?"
"Maybe half an hour."
"That means a rushed shower." I looked over at him, and noticed he was half erect. "You single?" He nodded. "Then please assist me." I then quickly shed my clothes. He was staring in shock. "Hey!" I then looked in his eyes. "Undress and help me shower." I then headed into the shower. I heard him shed his clothes and rush to follow me. Once in the shower, I told him, "Start with my feet and work your way up. I'll start at the top and work my way down."
I had just started on my lower breasts when he paused at my groin. "Don't stop. My vagina needs to be washed also." When he looked up, I looked him in the eye and 'suggested' he finger me while washing. At first, he didn't realize what he was doing, but when I said, "Faster! Faster!" and I began pinching my nipples; he not only realized, but really got into it. When I noticed his erection growing, I reached down to assist his pleasure. "Don't worry, go ahead and come on me. It washes off quickly." It didn't take long before we both came. We separated and rinsed off, then dried off. We both dressed, and I noted we had four minutes to spare.
He seemed to be embarrassed about what had happened, but I prompted him into leading me to dinner, and then into joining his friends at the table. I mentioned that I was new in town, and would love some recommendations of things to do when work was over, and it was time to play. I also took note of what the ladies wore, as I intended to make a few outfits in the current style for here. I subtly directed the conversation so that I could also learn all about those involved in the project.
After dinner, Brian and I went back to my room. "Do you have some secure storage I can use for my valuables?" He looked perplexed. "You know, jewelry and such."
"Oh! I don't know. I'll have to ask."
"I will also need a sturdy table and a window with good sunlight. I brought a solar charger, and a battery operated sewing machine."
"Why?"
"Look at me. You think I can buy clothes off the rack?"
"Oh! Ummm. Sorry."
"I've been making my own clothes for decades, so I'm used to it."
"I will see to it."
"Thanks. Goodnight."
With that, he left, and I closed the door. I unpacked most of my stuff, and got ready for bed. With the room locked, I undressed and lay on the bed. While I closed my eyes, I wasn't trying to sleep just yet. "Queen Inanna, I have a question."
"Yes, daughter?"
"Today, I saw a tome with old writing. It looked Akkadian, but there were differences. It also seems to be encoded somehow. I would like to know your opinion on it."
"Show it to me." I concentrated on recalling the first few pages. "Yes, I see what you mean. Some of those symbols have Egyptian influences, but the encryption is another matter. From what I saw, it looks like the encoding used by magicians. They use the first word on a line to determine if the rest of the line is negated in meaning or not."
"So it might be a grimoire?"
"Yes, but could also be a book of research or a log of events. It was basically used for all their private writing that they didn't want the population to know. What you saw looks like a history of events. But it may have other things later. Let me show you what you need to know to decode it. Sleep, and in the morning, it should be easy, but take things slowly, just in case." I didn't notice falling asleep. In the morning, I woke to a knocking on my door. I got up and opened it to find standing there, three students from last night and Brian.
"Hello?" They stared and said nothing. I quickly realized I forgot to dress. "Oh, sorry. Let me put something on." I closed the door and quickly pulled on a dress I had laid out the day before. Opening the door again, "Let's try again. Hello?"
One of the ladies said, "Hi. We thought to get an early breakfast and spend the morning in town to show you stuff."
"Yes, definitely avoid the heat. Let me finish dressing. Come on in." They followed me in. I sat down and put on my sandals, belt, a small symbol of Inanna, and a pair of daggers that hid in my sleeves. I then added a small backpack and a purse.
"Daggers?" Brian asked.
"Until I have some secure storage, I will protect my valuables. And if someone tries to rob us, well, too bad for them. Don't worry, I already checked in with the police and am okay to carry them."
We left, and I closed and locked the door behind me. There was some discussion about the need for protection, but I reminded them that I was obviously a foreigner, and had expensive jewelry. I also might get mobbed if I got recognized.
"Recognized?" someone asked.
"Yes, recognized. I am trying to stay below the radar, so I can come and go unhindered, and no, I won't tell you why I would be recognized. If you don't know, you can't leak it accidentally." A few sad faces looked back at me. "You can find out easily enough if you look me up, but please don't until I am ready to leave." Soon the talk went to other areas, and we got a quick breakfast.
Soon, we were in a local market and the students were having fun showing me everything. I bought some cloth for making clothes, and some postcards. I had the cloth sent to my room, with the students arranging it. I also paid a lot of attention to how local women dressed and behaved, as I intended to blend in, while here. When we got back, people were waiting for me. I explained my shopping needs and the students' help. Dr. Kaplan, seemed displeased, but without a valid target, so I asked, "Where do you want me to start?"
This successfully distracted him. "Follow me." He led me down to a room on the side of the main hall. Inside, it was dimly lit, with a large table centered along the far wall, and two work areas on the wall with the door. To either side were small bookcases filled with assorted reference books. There was someone else in the room. While he did not give off a 'nerd' feel, I seemed to detect an 'artsy' feel. "This is Sam Patel, he is here creating a hand-drawn copy of the tome. It is slow-going for him, as he has to work with low light since bright lights will likely damage the book. For now, you will work with what he has completed." Pointing to the less cluttered desk, he said, "This is your desk."
"Thank you. I'll get right on it." I waited for Dr. Kaplan to leave before saying, "Hello Sam, I'm Becky Sue."
"Suleyman Patel, but everyone calls me Sam. I specialize in understanding the art of ancient times. Making copies is a side job that pays well."
"I'm here as a language expert, but that is a side job." I smiled, and he returned it. "Do you prefer Suleyman or Sam?"
"If I hear Suleyman, I'll think it is family calling for me. Sam works much better with the international teams I usually work with, so I prefer Sam professionally."
"Sam it is. I saw some photos of the first few pages. Do you know about those?"
"Yeah, they were taken at the dig. But they don't show the full detail. There are watermarks that don't show on the photo, but my copy shows them in fine detail." He walked over to the other desk and pulled two sheets from a folder. Handing them to me, he said, "This one is what you would think is there under prevailing light, but look at the other one. Now you see the additional markings, barely seen. I needed to use low level polarized light to spot them."
"Have you tried other wavelengths like ultraviolet or infra-red?"
"No, do you think something more might be found?"
"I have no reason to suspect it, but if there are hidden or invisible writing, it might be detected that way."
"I'll put in a request and check it."
I sat at my desk and located some scratch paper. Turning on the task lighting, I examined the two drawings Sam gave me. They were clearly made by a copier, so I wasn't worried about keeping them pristine. I put a date, my name, and 'page 1' on the first blank sheet I pulled. I then wrote my notes below. My plan was to first describe the unusual character glyphs, with their derivation and meanings, then my thoughts on the watermarks as hidden information, and lastly to what I understood the message to be. When I ran out of space, I started a new page, incrementing the page number before continuing. I was about to discuss the watermark when Sam asked me to eat lunch with him.
"I'd be glad to join you. Just give me a sec to get a folder for these.... Are there any special precautions to secure these?"
"Not during the workday. This room is locked outside working hours. Dr. Kaplan and his assistant have the only keys."
"Okay. Let's eat." Picking up my backpack, I followed him to the cafeteria, and loaded up my tray.
"What's with the backpack?"
"My valuables. Until I have secure storage, that I control, I'm keeping it close."
Over lunch, we talked about our backgrounds. I avoided mention of my career, but mentioned that my work has allowed me to travel the world. He spoke about a number of places he had been over the years. He asked, "What is your main line of work?"
"I work in a specialized variation of storytelling. But I don't want it known just yet, as it could cause difficulty if people know I am here."
"Legal issues?"
"No. I've said enough for now. Best to drop it." Although he seemed disappointed, our conversation drifted to other things. As we finished lunch, we continued to talk. Once back in our room, he asked, "What have you learned now, about the cover?"
"Well, from the photos I saw, and what your pictures show, I can tell this is a secret book. That is, it is not meant for a wide audience, but rather a specialized one like a master to apprentice. It may be a history, a transcript, magic formulae, or something else. Just what it is, remains to be seen. The watermark is curious, as it seems to alter the nature of a number of the symbols it touches, which in turn changes the meaning of the words. I'm still working that out, as I want to be very careful, and write down all the details. I am sure my work will be looked at by others, and I want to leave nothing to chance."
"Wise move. Can I read what you have, so far?" Rather than say anything, I got out the folder and handed it to him. "Egyptian influence? That explains their oddness." After making some more minor remarks, he returned them. "That is a lot of information to unpack from the cover. I can see why they wanted you. It is all above my head, but I am glad to know it will be decoded. Well, I'm going back to work now. Thanks."
"You're welcome." With that, he returned the folder, and I continued writing. I completed over a dozen pages on that cover. When I asked for the next page, Sam indicated quitting time was near, and that I should hold off until the morning. In the meantime, I could show Dr. Kaplan my work. So, leaving the folder on the desk, I went to the main room to speak with him, only to learn he had left for the day.
I then looked for Brian. Someone called him for me, and soon we met. "I have gone over the first image. Can you let Dr. Kaplan know?"
"Sure."
"Also, any news about secure storage?"
"Yes, they said they would drop something off outside your door."
"Let's take a look." With that, we left to see what was there.
A few minutes later, Brian spoke. "That is a rather large box."
"Well, let's get it into the room and open it." I opened my locked door and Brian went to pull the box in. He got nowhere.
"Let me." I grabbed the handles from him, and carried it into the room. "Close the door, please." I got out one of my knives and pried the box open. Inside was a solid steel chest, maybe fifty pounds. Inside that was nearly a hundred pounds of gravel. There was also a brand-new lock and keys still in the packaging, and a note.
Brian reached for it, and read, "Ms. Tate, we could not get a safe at short notice, nor is such in our budget. We hope this will suffice. Gravel is cheap, and makes it hard to carry the chest from the room. The lock is a high grade one, and the chest is sturdy, meant to survive being carted around in very rough country."
"I think it will do." I looked for a nice place, and decided to place it under my sewing table. I transferred my valuables from the backpack to the chest and locked it. All Brian saw was a bunch of boxes. When I finished, I locked the chest and pushed it under the sewing area. I said, "All done here. Time for dinner. Suggestions? Something casual for now, until I have better clothes."
"What do you mean better clothes?"
"I cannot buy off the rack, but with my sewing kit I can whip something out fairly quick. I might finish my first outfit tomorrow night after dinner."
"Oh." We then talked about where to go and with whom. I wanted to see locals of all stations, so I could emulate them, so we went to a local club that attracted a variety of classes and still offered good food.
I asked Brian to keep up a monologue telling me about the various people we saw, so I could study them. I said little, but watched everything, even things he failed to notice. That night, I cut some of the new cloth I bought, and got through the initial fitting before calling it a night. I then undressed and went to bed, where I meditated on the work I did today.
"Clever of you to leave them with many false paths."
I replied to Inanna, "They are not false, for they could be the correct path. But I do agree it will waste a lot of their time figuring out which path to follow. I am sure tomorrow will bring more enlightenment, and will take longer because there is a lot more written on the next page."
"Your mind seems restless. Tell me."
"I saw some things at the club tonight that trouble me. But this is not my country, nor is this my people. I am not sure what, if anything, I can or should do." I concentrated on the scene to show Inanna.
"I see. Direct interference will come back on you quickly. Subtle means will have to suffice, but causing them humiliation will just cause them to lash out at the women you would protect. Accidents are probably best, although making them occur at command is not easy."
"Hmm, I see what you mean. I think my stare could cause them to stumble, and if they stumble into someone who would take offense, they will not seek to learn why they stumbled. The ensuing argument could distract them from their previous actions."
"Daughter, take care. This is a violent place, and if they see you as a cause, they could come as a mob, and even you would be overwhelmed. Enough, know that you have a plan. Sleep well." With that, I fell into a deep sleep.
I woke to knocking at my door. I remembered my robe this morning. I opened the door, "Hello?"
"Hello, Ms. Nigkala." He was one of the students.
"Well, that didn't last long. Come on in." He came in and I closed the door. "How did you find out?"
"After dinner, we got to talking with some of the other workers, and Sam mentioned you were a storyteller. Add that to the fact you have four breasts, and it was easy."
I looked at the time, and saw it was rather early. I then looked at him and noticed a significant erection. "So I take it you came hoping to have sex?"
"Um, yeah.... Will you?"
Rather than answer, I went back to bed, casting my robe off on the way. "You coming?" Half an hour later, he left, and I took a shower. I decided to bring my tablet, so I could make a private copy with only the correct info, and with photos of the pages. Work that day started with adding the existing info from the cover, followed by the real info for the first page. Then I wrote about that first page in as great detail as I wrote up the cover.
This pattern continued for two weeks as I went through the first four pages. I had also taken pics of all the pages the artist had made with my private translation. At this point, we had another visitor, who was also a language expert. Dr. Kaplan was showing him the book and invited him to try reading a page. He was game to try, and started off confidently, but soon bogged down, clearly not understanding several glyphs. When he paused a bit, I spoke the line clearly, as I had already translated that page in my private log. I continued for several lines.
Dr. Kaplan was looking at me with his jaw dropped. His guest was looking at me with raised eyebrows. "I've read the page already."
"Do you know what it means? I couldn't read some of those words."
"I know what the words say, but meaning takes a lot more work. Especially when there are other markings that affect the interpretation. See my work on the first couple pages to understand the complexity of these markings."
"Dr. Kaplan, is this true?"
"Her work is slow, but it is quite detailed. My team has been going through her reports, and we have found them very enlightening. The follow-up work is a pain, but we will get through it soon enough. She knows her stuff." Those two continued to talk some more, but left soon after.
Later that day, Dr. Kaplan asked me over to look at the actual book. He asked me to read the current page into a recorder being held by his guest. Dr. Kaplan then had Sam turn the page. In the shuffling, someone lost their balance and fell, knocking Sam into the book. I reacted instinctively to keep him from falling on the book, knowing it was a perishable artifact. I almost did it. I managed to knock Sam to the side, so he fell into the table, but my hand brushed the book on the way back.
Suddenly, I was in great pain, and quickly losing consciousness. I was barely able to collapse to the floor, avoiding further contact with the book, before I was out. I woke an hour later, still on the floor, but lying down with a doctor examining me. My head hurt something fierce, and my heart was acting erratically. I tried to say 'Ow', but I barely moved my lips, and almost no sound came out.
"She's awake! Becky Sue, what happened?"
I took my time and said, "Touch. Pain. Fall. Headache. Must sleep." I cleared my mind as best I could, and managed to sleep. I sensed I was given a painkiller, as the headache dulled. I next woke in the local hospital. I felt quite tired, and hungry. When a nurse came by, I asked about getting something to eat. I had to switch languages, before he responded. A doctor came before the food.
"Ms. Tate, we don't know what happened to you. We have a number of tests to make to try to find out, but your unique physiology presents some complications. So far, we have found a number of things that are odd, but have little clue if they are significant."
"Show me. I have had significant testing a while back, and learned some of the uniqueness of my system."
"You are not medically trained. I don't see how you can tell what is normal for you."
I looked him in the eye. "I spent a year and a half under intense monitoring. While I may not know why something is the way it is, I do know what is normal for me. Show me the test results."
He left, my food came, and he returned with papers. I looked over the papers as I ate. When I finished, I asked for the doctor. I walked through over half the measurements, pointing out where they were low or high, and what was usual for me. I indicated I did not know the other measurements, but felt he could tell which were important and which not. Later that day, I emailed Dr. Holiday, who had monitored me through my regeneration. I told him there was an incident, and I would like him to email me my test results for 'normal' me, as an unusual medical event happened to me. I indicated I would fill him in later.
Later that night, I got my reply. I called for the doctor again. He was off until the next day. I requested he visit me when he came in. The doctor showed up early the next morning. I showed him the email, and he was impressed. He asked me to forward it, and I did. I asked, "Does this help you understand what happened to me?"
"Yes. I'll need to confirm with the new records, but it looks like your brain chemicals went bonkers, and the rest appears to be secondary effects of it. It's kind of like you were up all night studying for finals, but far more intense. There is evidence the event was worse, but your body was able to replenish enough to stave off any permanent injury."
"Can you fix it?"
"We'll need to run another panel of tests to measure recovery, but I think we can put some supplements into the IV, and with some luck, you can leave after dinner."
"That's great doctor. Thanks." He said goodbye, and went on his rounds. Breakfast was delayed for drawing blood for the testing, but the wait was short. Dr. Kaplan came by to see how I was doing. We talked for a bit, and he said to take it easy and rest. My work is too important to rush things.
After lunch, Sam came by. "You saved my life."
"I did? How?"
"That book. It's cursed. You have seen me always wear gloves? It's not to protect the book. I think it is the only thing that has kept me alive while working with it. There have been several deaths, and as best as I can figure, none wore gloves or otherwise kept their flesh from contact. But their expression was the same as yours started out. They were screaming in terrible pain. You screamed also, but you recovered. The doctor thinks your body mass may have buffered the shock. Whatever, I am glad you survived."
"What of the book? Was it damaged?"
"No, and I thought for sure it would have. Work has been suspended on it for a few days to wait for you, and to give us a break."
"Well, I should be back tonight after dinner."
"Good, well, I will see you soon."
Another panel was tested, and my numbers were good, or good enough, and getting better fast. Brian picked me up, and I told him to head for a buffet, because I was rather hungry. While he only ate a dessert or two, I had a large dinner and dessert. Back at my room, I meditated and examined my mind as best as I could. I then headed into bed.
"Queen Inanna, you were right. The book is protected. Apparently it attacked my mind, but I managed to survive. Have you any comments?"
"Daughter, I am glad you survived. Let me examine you." I relaxed as best I could, but at times I winced before I could relax again. "It appears you were not exactly attacked. Those magicians protected their work from the ravages of time by having it leech psychic energy from whoever was handling it. As such, books were referenced from time to time; the amount of psychic energy taken was small enough to not bother anyone. But this book has been untouched for millennia. The energy needed is more than anyone can provide. This is why the others have died.
"You were saved by two things. First, your touch was extremely brief. It could not gain a good hold on your energy. Second, your mind is trained, and I have also strengthened it. You were not prepared for it, but your mind reacted to protect itself. I see your curiosity. Do you intend to examine this book in full?"
"Yes. I also desire to make it safe if I can. Is that possible?"
"Maybe. It would require you to prepare yourself beforehand, and to make only the briefest of touches, lest it take too much. I will teach you the techniques as you sleep."
"Thank you." And, I was out.
The next morning at breakfast, I inquired if there was a gym I could use. As I did my reps, I meditated and practiced the techniques Inanna taught me. It wasn't until I got on the treadmill that I was able to take it to the next level. I must have been zoned out for over an hour as I ran, and I saw I ran over three miles in that time. I cooled down, and showered off before heading back to the work area.
When I got there, I asked Sam to let me look at the book. While he was hesitant, he allowed me near. After a bit, I went back to my folder, and pulled out the cover Sam had drawn, the one showing the hidden aspects. I handed it to Sam and asked, "Compare it to the book and tell me what you notice." He looked at me strangely, so I just repeated myself.
"Huh? How'd I get that wrong?"
"You see it, don't you? The tome is in a little better shape."
"Yeah. But that is not possible."
"Do you have a recent photo of the cover or some page?" He nodded. "Take another photo from the same spot and lighting. Let's compare them."
"Okay." He dug in his files to find a photo of the cover. He then set up a camera to take another image. Click. Picture taken.
He was about to take it down when I said, "Wait. I have an idea." I stepped near, and bracing myself, bounced my hand off the cover. I felt intense pain, but not as bad as before. I stepped back, and sat down. A minute later, I said, "Take another picture."
He looked at me, worried. "Why'd you do that?"
"I have an idea. Now take the picture." He did. "Compare all three."
It took a while, but he finally said, "The book looks to be in better shape after your touches. Tell me, what's going on?"
"You are aware this tome purports to be the book of a magician?" He nodded. "It is protected by a preservation spell of some sort. Its work is powered by the user, but it is trying to catch up on millennia of being unused. For the next few days or weeks, I'll see if I can feed it slow enough to not hurt me, but fast enough to be finished in a month or less."
"But why?"
"Once it has fed fully, it will no longer kill. At least until no one uses it for a long time."
"And you? You look tired, worn down."
"I know. That is why I did this now, so I could recover by lunch, if possible." I went over to my desk. "I'll get back to work where I left off." We worked in silence until lunch.
"Better now?"
"Yes. I can still feel the effect a little, so I won't be doing any more today, but I think I'll be fine before dinner."
"Okay, but I'll be watching."
Each day, Sam set up for a picture, and I did my bump. However, I was lingering longer each time, as I was finding it less taxing. A week in, I asked Sam to set up after lunch also. He worried I was overextending myself. I felt I was sufficiently accustomed to it. Turned out I had to sit a spell, but otherwise I was okay.
In the middle of the next week, some color started to creep back into the pages. With it, I got the distinct feeling it had importance. Late the third week, the bite was far less. So the next time, I placed my hand on the book rather than bounced it. There was an initial small bite, but then it faded completely. "I think it is safe now. The pain I felt feeding it is no longer there. You want to try?"
"No way. Gloves work fine for me."
"Okay. Let's take a final picture, and set up an animation showing its restoration."
That night, Sam sent me the animation. Watching it, I was amazed at the change. In the morning, I touched it, and felt nothing happen. So I sat down and opened the book and read it. My familiarity with the first part of the book made it a lot easier to read. When I closed the book, Sam called me. "You back? Good. You have been zoned out reading for hours. If you rush, you might get some lunch."
"Oh my. I'll be back. See if anything's left." There was no worry it would be closed, but the fresh food might be gone, so I hurried. Later, I told Sam I had much to think about, and I wanted to be alone with my thoughts, so I was heading to my room to meditate.
Once there, I took a shower. After drying off, I sat on my bed to meditate. Recalling the details, I realized that the colors had a psychic feel to them. It will need further study of the book. I will need to read it, but apply the psychic modifiers to it.
For the next two weeks, I wrote a huge amount of false trails showing all the possible meanings of the words. I made no mention of the use of colors or psychic impressions. But my own log held the true record, and included the psychic modifications. When I finished, I realized the true purpose of the psychic colors. This tome purported to teach magic, but without understanding the psychic changes, the method apparently shown would not work but would rather just give you headaches. The text I wrote for them would also lead to that once they ferreted out the false paths.
When I finished, I called on Dr. Kaplan. "Doctor, I have finished." I handed him the file I had made. It was actually three binders worth of work. "Use it well, and give me credit when you publish."
"Will you be leaving?"
"Yes. I miss my family, and want to go back to them. I'll be here another few days, making arrangements and such. I also want to treat the team to a farewell shindig, so I need to find a suitable venue." We spoke for a while more, but I soon left and started the work of getting home and making reservations.
The party was in a private room, and after everyone had finished eating, I called for attention. "I want to thank you for your support. When I first came here, I told you not to try to discover too much about me, because it would cause problems. Well, some of you figured it out anyway. As thanks, I am giving you all a personally signed pic of me as Nigkala. I will distribute them as I speak with each of you. Any not distributed will be left at the office with Dr. Kaplan."
I spent the next few hours in chit-chat and talking about my life as a movie star, giving each their uniquely signed picture. The next day, I dropped the rest of the pics with Dr. Kaplan. I finished packing, and Brian took me to the airport.
Once I got home, I called John Maxwell to fill him in.
"Hello?"
"Hi John, I called to let you know I finished the book deal."
"You did? Great. How did Kaplan take it?"
"He thought I left him with a lot of work, but that I provided a huge leap forward in his task. He liked my quality."
"I'm impressed. How about you? What did you think about it?"
"Well, you know that curse you warned me about? It was mostly real, but not a true curse."
"Tell me about it."
"You know I experienced an unexpected part of reality soon after we met. This tome has its own unusual nature. As you will eventually learn from Dr. Kaplan's eventual publication, the tome purports to teach magic. However, he will conclude it is deluded. This is because I did not include everything. That tome has a psychic protective spell on it that was responsible for the curse. It actually was trying to feed off whoever touched it to power its preservation effect. With millennia of 'repairs' to power, it was too much for anyone to handle at one sitting. I learned this the hard way, but survived because my touch was fleeting. That allowed me to prepare myself, and to begin to understand what was happening. Over time, I managed to touch it a tiny bit at a time, until it managed to get enough to make all the repairs it needed. Between touches, I recovered.
"Now, anyone can touch it safely, so the 'curse' is suppressed. Learning to deal with this psychic nature let me also learn that the tome was written with psychic alterations to the written words. This means the true meaning is not what it says, but rather the combined result of the words and meaning applied by the psychic alterations."
"So you think it really teaches magic?"
"Yeah."
"Are you going to learn?"
"I doubt it. Between work and family, that would take far too much time and effort. It also doesn't fit in with what I am."
"I agree. But to think magic was real at some point. Oh my."
"Well, people have been making stories up with magic for ages, so things shouldn't change too much just because it is actually real."
"I don't know. I do know I'll have fun trying to figure out what 'magic' claims are real and what are not. Well, it has been good talking with you. Bye."
"Bye."
As I told John, my life is too busy now. But in the future, perhaps when I retire? Who knows?
But that is another story...