CHAPTER 8 - Erratic Erogeny


~ ~~ ~~~ ~~ ~


In the following days the modest room frequently filled with loud mechanical buzzing and pleasant moans. Alice and her magic wand became very close friends. Of course the sensations were radically different than her fingers, but what really made Alice happy about her new toy was how fast it could relieve her. She could bring herself to a soul shattering orgasm in thirty seconds flat if she turned the wand up high enough. And because of how powerful it was, it sated her far longer than she had been able to with just her hand. She had so much more room for activities with the aid of her new toy.


~ ~~ ~~~ ~~ ~

CHAPTER 8 - Erratic Erogeny
In the days following the deliverance of a last message, Alice's mood improved. Slowly but significantly. Though still bored out of her mind, and plagued by incessant lust, she tried to get back into a routine of some sorts. She was never one to even think about fitness before, relying on questionable eating habits to keep her figure over any sort of work out. She began doing simple things to pass the time, incorporating exercise into her day. Even though she fatigued quickly due to the recent bout of starvation, she was improving. Dips, squats, a few push ups, and a hell of a lot of core work. Some part of her was reacting to pervasive memories of her time in that bathroom, 'if only I had been stronger,' she thought to herself. On the other hand, when she burned particularly hot, she thought, 'If only I had been more flexible." And that is what pushed her towards adding a lengthy daily stretching routine as well.
Sera noticed Alice's improvements and couldn't help but smile. Even though the distance between them was still great, Sera cared, andneededto see Alice get better. One morning, after observing Alice lay a towel down to do sit ups on, a yoga mat appeared along with a set of small weights. Alice looked confused when she first saw them, but quickly incorporated them into her routine. She thanked the seraphim flatly, stating that she didn't ask for them. She had never asked for anything, any of it.
~~~~~
Alice sat patiently, watching Sera cook something for her for dinner. She knew Sera didn't have to, that food could just appear. She shared this with Sera, but it didn't stop the celestial from standing over the stove at least two times a day. Alice hid the fact that she enjoyed the wafting smells of sizzling fat, roasted vegetables, and other scents that piqued her. She didn't have much at the time, and would miss the teasing of her senses before a meal. The little things.
Soon enough a plate was placed before her. Still small compared to the plates she used to eat, but it was balanced and absolutely delicious. Sera leaned against the counter and watched her eat, she knew Alice wouldn't be praising her anytime soon, but seeing her wolf down a meal that Sera had cooked herself was thanks enough. Alice was growing back into her skin, slowly.
With her mouth still partially full, Alice paused her meal to speak. "Hey stretch?" Alice said, undecided whether she was going for malice or just teasing by commenting on Sera's elongated limbs.
"Uhhmm? Yes... kitten?" Sera said back.
Alice squinted, her brow furrowed. "You know... some people might not like being addressed like that." Her furrow released to neutral, though her eyes shone enough to let Sera know how she really felt. "I have some questions, about my changes."
Sera shifted uncomfortably, they hadn't even approached the topic since Alice had gone critical. "Ok, I can... I will do my best to answer them."
Alice munched on a bite of chicken, thinking of what to ask. "Why am I like this?" She asked, unable to dredge up any semblance of eloquence.
Sera tilted her head, "You... You know why... I mean, I can go over it again, if you need me to that is."
After taking a sip of water to clear her throat, Alice sighed. "No. No, you don't need to, I understandhowI became like this, at least I sort of do." Alice took hold of her still healing tail and one of her ears. "I mean, why I am likethis." She wiggled her new appendages to emphasize her question.
To cover the drift of the corners of her mouth upwards, Sera raised a hand in front. "That, is easier to explain." She said, lowering her hand after her smile deflated. "I had to fuse two of you together, to make you that is."
"Yes." Alice said in exasperation, "But why this? Why these specifically?" Again shaking her tail at Sera.
"Oh. Hmmm... well, I was kind of limited in terms of time and, well maybe not time... but you know, there were limitations to the steps I could take. And the closest world with a compatible you was right over there."
Alice stopped Sera "Right over where?" she asked.
"Just over there, in that direction." Sera said without moving.
"Holy fuck, which direction?" Alice asked louder, spreading her arms to encompass every direction.
"I am looking right at it, just follow my eyes."
"You are looking right at me..." Alice responded, beginning to give up on the line of questioning.
Sera shrugged "That is where it is."
Alice sighed and shoveled some more food into her mouth "Ok, whatever..." she said while chewing "So this world is super close?"
"Yes," Sera said, nodding. "And theyouthere, was compatible with theyouhere."
"And let me guess, everyone there had cat ears and tails?" Alice asked with a bored intonation.
"Oh no, not at all." Sera said with a smile "They are waaaaay more cat like, all covered in fur with whiskers and funny looking feet and hands. Some of them are actually kind of cute..."
"So I only inherited parts of them, her, me?" Alice said furthering the line of questioning.
Sera shrugged "I, am not totally sure why. I forced her into you, maybe less went in than I thought was going to... I think it turned out for the better though, as cute as some of them were. I am a fan of bare skin over fur."
Alice raised an eyebrow.
Sera blushed, almost imperceptibly "Not your skin per se... just you know, aesthetic preferences and... such."
"Uh huh..." Alice said, watching the tall seraph squirm as she back peddled. Diving back into her plate, Alice all too quickly shoveled the rest into her face, resulting in a bout of nausea. She pushed her plate away from where she sat and groaned, stretching her hands as far out as she could. Relaxing from the stretch Alice crossed her arms on the counter with her head resting on them. She turned to look at Sera, who had been keenly watching Alice stretch and curve and groan.
"What about the other changes?" Alice asked.
Sera lifted her hands in confusion, "What other changes?"
Alice furrowed her brow and exhaled with a trill of her lips. "The changes, inside me... like, certain urges, behavioural changes during certain situations. That sort of thing?" She was having a hard time looking Sera in the eyes. She avoided saying things outright.
Squinting for second, Sera took a moment to think. "Urges?" She said lifting her shoulders, apologetic ignorance expressed in her eyes.
Pursing her lips, Alice looked up at Sera with a huff. "Did you...? Do you think it's my normal behaviour to masturbate this many times a... masturbateallday?" A slight blush moving to her cheeks.
Sera's eyes flicked to the hand that she had seen Alice use so many times over the past weeks. Alice moved her hand under her arms and out of sight, the blush deepening.
"I will admit, I might have thought you were just very, very... active." She said carefully, not giving away exactly what she thought of Alice's behaviours. "How much did you, um, Before?"
Alice buried her face in her folded arms before speaking. "I don't know... Like three times a week, maybe?"
"Huh," Sera pondered. "And changes to behaviour during se-... er, certain situations?"
Alice blushed particularly hard and bit her lip as she paused, her face hidden from the seraphim. "Like... ugh... I was never the most, dominant person in the world. But ummm." She reached out and flicked an ear. "Since I got these I have just felt, a need. Like when pressured, or push comes to shove. A need to submit. And when I do. Fuck me... when I do it is like, I don't even know how to explain it. It's like a switch is flipped, and anything,EVERYTHING, feels so fucking good, Like I am melting, Like electricity, Like I took waaaay too much MDMA. It all fucking ecstasy. Pure. Fucking. Ecstasy. I am in heaven, bliss."
Alice felt a warmth building in her as she pondered the mind numbing pleasure that had come as a result of the changes. She absently rubbed her thighs together. Sera couldn't help but be turned on by Alice's confession. She struggled to keep her own arousal in check. Her hands inched from her sides to her front. In an effort to hide what could be shown in her movements, Sera sat down next to Alice who lifted her head to glance at Sera before dropping it back down. They both stewed in their feelings, silent.
Alice broke the still. "I think... I think it is dangerous. I remember..." She shuddered, whether from fear or lust was debatable. "I remember hearing my tail snap, feeling it snap, screaming so so so, loud. But it wasn't just from pain. It felt good, scary good, I... I couldn't stop cumming, each throb, arc of pain, would cause my whole body to shake in pleasure. Hell, even when they were beating me, there was always a spark buried under each strike." She turned her head to Sera, her eyes were scared, but her face was flushed bright.
Truly sympathetic, Sera had to turn her head to hide her own deep blush.
Alice huffed and put her head back in her arms. "What happened to me...?" she asked rhetorically.
"Uuuuhhh... Well..." Sera started, staring forward and scratching the back of her head nervously. "I might be able to... explain." She paused again to collect her thoughts "The women of your other world, display certain sexual... behavioural traits commonly attributed to lower order mammals."
Hairs stood on end as Alice quickly caught on to where Sera was going with the explanation. "Oh. No..."
"So... you might have acquired that trait, along with your outward changes." She said glancing at Alice who was blushing harder. "It might be something similar to hea-"
"Fucking heat? I, am in fucking,HEAT?" Alice said, loud and bewildered.
"Probably? Maybe?"
"Oh my god... Fuck! Is it gonna get worse? What if, what if. What if I am like a ferret and unfulfilled heat kills me!? What if I go crazy-er and fuck myself to death?" Alice said spiraling.
Sera gave Alice a light tap on the shoulder, maybe to snap her out of it. "I don't think it will get worse... Fertility is extremely low in the other world. Evolution compensated. Males are... males... but the females developed a need. Once reached, sexual maturity is accompanied by a perpetual heat for the entirety of adult life. Until fertility drops off completely with older age." Sera reminisced about her trips to the other world as she explained. "You're not gonna die... you'll just be, very, ummm... needy, until you get older. Menopause maybe?"
"This is as bad as it's going to get?"
"I can't say for sure, but probably...?" Sera responded. She stared at Alice. Alice stared back before her gaze shifted uncomfortable with the prolonged eye contact. Sera had been ignorantly under the impression that Alice had always had been as inclined as she was to self-pollution. She felt bad for the poor girl, it must be exhausting. "Alice... I... I know things between us, I know I messed up. But if you ever need anything. Need me todoanything. Need any help with... anything... Just let me know ok? I promise it will just be to help, no extra baggage, just a hand." She had long turned away as she spoke, and was blushing quite red by the time she finished.
Lifting her head from her arms slowly, Alice glared at Sera, but her face was bright red after serious contemplation of the celestial's proposal. "Are you asking if you canfuckme? But pretending it's just tohelpme? Isn't that a littlefuckingcliché" She spat the words with more acid than she intended.
Sera waved her arms in front of her "N-no... that is not what I was saying. Like umm... the exercise equipment." Stumbling over her words.
Alice lifted an eyebrow, still glaring "The fuck? Exercise equipment?"
"No... I um... like... You were working out so I brought you exercise equipment to help. I... could bring you something to help with your other needs, urges." Sera's blush turned from lust to embarrassment as she continued to try to dig herself out of the hole she had made.
Squinting as she picked apart Sera's explanation Alice said, "You... want to bring me sex toys?"
"Uhhhh... y-yyyes?" Sera said slowly.
Alice half smiled, it was fun to mess with Sera, even if done unintentionally. "Ooooh... sure. That is definitely what you meant." She did give it some thought. "Icouldactually use a vibrator though, my wrist is starting to click when I roll it. Maybe something powerful, like one of those big ass wands." Alice was still smiling as she finished her request.
"G-got it." Sera stuttered, relaxing as Alice's mood improved. "Should be able to find it for you by tomorrow."
Alice nodded and stood up from the stool, she patted the stunned seraph on the shoulder as she turned and walked over to her bed "Good..." she said, "sounds like I am going to need it." She said as she laid down, her hand moving slowly to the space between her legs. "Perpetual fucking heat my ass." She said quietly to herself.
~~~~~
In the following days the modest room frequently filled with loud mechanical buzzing and pleasant moans. Alice and her magic wand became very close friends. Of course the sensations were radically different than her fingers, but what really made Alice happy about her new toy was how fast it could relieve her. She could bring herself to a soul shattering orgasm in thirty seconds flat if she turned the wand up high enough. And because of how powerful it was, it sated her far longer than she had been able to with just her hand. She had so much more room for activities with the aid of her new toy.
After the second day Alice sincerely thanked sera for bringing her the wand. She never thought she would have ever been thankful to receive a sex toy from someone, let alone someone she wasn't intimate with, let alone Sera. But she was, and even more thankful that it could detach from its cord. Her favorite place to get herself off had become the shower, with it's oddly sweet smelling water and perfect temperature cascading. It was also the only place that was private. She didn't really mind Sera knowing that she was getting off. She didn't even mind when the celestial snuck blushing peeks as Alice writhed. But she knew how sera felt about her, even if it wasn't romantic. She felt guilty being a tease, at least some of the time.
Colour was returning to Alice, she was regaining the weight much faster than she lost it. Maybe because she was also building muscle where she used to be plenty soft. Her mood kept rising, she wasn't yet beaming, but the distant look had left her eyes, replaced by hesitant contentedness. She progressively became less and less bored. Most things she asked for, Sera was able to bring her; Books, journaling stuff, drawing materials, a T.V. with nearly every movie ever made, and eventually a video game system. Though imprisoned for her own safety, she was beginning to think it was going to be at least immediately tolerable.
It was after these 'gifts' that Alice felt the least guilty about teasing her seraph roommate. After receiving something new, Alice would use the gift and wait a few hours. Then, making sure Sera was paying attention she would make a show of getting her vibrator out, and lay on her bed. She would always 'forget' to slide under the covers. She even progressed to 'forgetting' to hide the perfect view from Sera. The celestial wasn't stupid, and after a few suggestive shows she caught on and stopped turning away. If Alice was going to purposely tease her with an open show then she might as well watch. For some reason, Seraalwayshad to sit as she watched, maybe she was afraid the heat would make her dizzy. Her face did always turn bright red from the explicit views and wanton moans.
The teasing, the tension, and of course the explosive orgasms always made Alice feel alive. But as the teasing progressed she couldn't help but feel something grow in her. A desire for Sera to snap one day and just devour her, to hold her down and make her cum again and again and again and again. To spank Alice and tell her to stop being such a teasing brat. At first this feeling scared Alice, and she toned down the teasing. However the disappointed look that Sera had when she went into the shower instead of giving her a show pushed Alice over the edge. It culminated when Sera brought her some clothes that Alice had asked for.
~~~~~
Alice woke up with a groan and a languid catlike stretch that wrung the kinks out of her spine. She sighed, already feeling a burning heat between her legs, tickling her mind. She rolled over to see Sera sitting at the counter, serene and still, as if meditating. Alice didn't really know what the Seraph did to pass the time before they knew each other. But as far as Alice could tell, all the tall celestial ever did to pass it was... whatever she was doing then, contemplating?
There was a large pile of boxes and bags in the middle of the room, Alice presumed they were the clothes she had asked Sera to pick out for her. She didn't think there would be this many, she just wanted a few more changes of clothes, something to spice up her days when things got particularly boring. The creak of the bed as Alice swung her legs out from under the covers and over the edge roused Sera from her contemplation.
Sera had only given Alice looks of concern since she had returned on that hallowed night. But as Alice improved day by day, the looks of concern became softer and softer. Now settling into a routine of nervous but genuine happiness when their eyes met. It was no different today. Sera smiled warmly at Alice as the catgirl climbed out of bed. Her eyes flicked away, she was still unable to maintain eye contact for too long. Perhaps she felt Alice didn't want her to.
"Good morning." Sera said cheerfully, giving Alice a tiny wave, raising her fingers from her thigh for a brief second.
"Good morning." Alice returned before breaking into a yawn. "Clothes?" She asked.
"Uh huh..." Sera said, "I... didn't really know what you would like so, I kind of got a lot of... I can get rid of whatever you don't like. But, ummm, breakfast is ready. Why don't you eat first then I can help you dig through the boxes. I mean, if that's what you want."
Alice shrugged, still half asleep she didn't really care. She let out another yawn as she sat down next to Sera. "Uuuuuhhhhhhggg..." An exaggerated groan as she let her head lightly thump onto the counter. "I wish I could sleep forever... so tired..."
Sera cringed, 'sleeping forever' was a little too soon for her ears. "You don't have to get up now if you don't want to..." She said.
"I know... It's just... my body... It won't let me sleep again until... you know. Might as well just get up already." Alice's words were muffled by her face pressed against the counter. "Is there something that can just get me off while I sleep? That would be suuuuper helpful."
With a sigh Sera shrugged, she didn't mind a different direction to the conversation. "Not that I know of, not that I have seen." She said, pushing a plate towards Alice.
"Kaaayy..." Said Alice, drifting into an exasperated pause before lifting her head off the counter and digging in.
~~~~~
Alice quickly rifled through the boxes and bags. It was all pretty normal, some good stuff, some bad. Some prudish, some bordering on ridiculous, not even really clothes. The same could be said for the undergarments. Stuff to work out in, lounge around in, some that you would show off to someone you were fond of, and some that were quite lurid. Sera had even included some crotchless and cupless ones. Alice made a mental note of the ones she would actually want to wear as she searched through the pile, but she also took note of the sluttiest ones she could see. An idea building in her head, the ultimate tease.
She emptied one of the bags, and as discreetly as possible with Sera watching her, transferred the most debased out of the clothing into the bag. "You went all out with the shopping. Thank you." Alice said placing the last item she would need in the bag.
"Shopping?" Sera asked, "Oh... yeah, you are welcome. You don't really have much to choose from right now so I just brought as much as I could."
"Yep Yep, you sure did." Alice said as she began to walk towards the bathroom. "I'm gonna go and put some of this on, then I'll come and show you."
"Ok," said Sera, subtle excitement in her voice. "I'll wait here."
~~~~~
Alice struggled with a couple of the things she chose, she might take scissors to them later. But for now her tail was getting in the way of anything that fully enclosed her lower half. She settled on an overly short black dress, the lower half might not even have qualified as a micro skirt. Flowing despite its size, any movement other than a careful walk would reveal what was hidden. It was quite tight and form fitting up top, hugging her body with the parts of it that weren't cut out. That parts that were, windows onto her soft skin. Alice's breasts were small and perky enough that she never really thought to wear a bra unless she was working out. The thin opaque fabric had no hope of hiding the outline of her modest nipples. Low cut and dipping perfectly, it was flirtatious and begging for wandering eyes.
She pulled a pair of stockings all the way up, they were extremely long, and to show the tops would be to show her ass. Sheer black fabric that pulled tight, pushing bits of her into perfect placement. The fabric emphasized every shadow, curving deeper around her long legs, dripping sultry elegance. Alice chose the most alluring thing she could think of for undergarments. To match the dress and stockings, she chose a pair of black crotchless panties. Intricately designed, and finished with a flourish of red lace they were a spectacle that grew in grandeur the more she spread her legs. She was surprised at how well everything fit, as if she had been measured, the garments tailored to her form.
The whole time Alice was thinking about what she would say to Sera, what she would show Sera, what she woulddofor Sera, what she would dotoSera. Alice wanted to see her squirm, wanted to see her blush red. Wanted to see a fire in the seraphim's eyes. Alice wanted to put on such a show that Sera would jump her. Push her onto the bed and... well... maybe not that extreme. Alice shook her head, she didn't know what she was thinking, but she knew she was going to go through with it. The rain had come, the dam would open.
Alice spent a minute or two doing her hair, a messy ponytail, reminiscent of styled hair that had come loose during a tryst. She stepped to the mirror and admired herself. She was a little shocked at just how far she had gone with the outfit. It was truly something she would have never worn in her normal life. Let alone outside, or in the presence of another person. She was happy to see herself fill out a dress though, her form was gaining back voluptuousness as the days progressed. She struck a few poses, seeing how much she could bend and get away with, how much she would need to bend to reveal. When she was satisfied she walked to the door.
"Ready?" Alice called to Sera in the main room.
"Uh... sure?" Sera said back.
Alice opened the door and slowly walked through. Sera, though bored at first instantly gazed on with keen interest as Alice moved through the doorway. Long legs clad in sheer black, Sera followed them up until they disappeared under the hem of Alice's dress. Each step Alice took threatened to expose her to Sera, who was already blushing. Her eyes followed the curves held tight by the black dress, slits and shapes showing off skin that hadn't seen the sun in months, like snow. Perfectly cupped by the dress, Alice's breasts jiggled minutely with each step, the movement transfixing Sera, her gaze paused as the dress dipped into Alice's cleavage. Eventually Sera was able to pull her gaze up further. She met Alice's gaze, face framed by well thought out, loose strands of auburn hair. Alice had a playful smirk writ across her face.
"So..." Alice said striking a subtle pose that showed off more curve than need be. "Thiiiisis the type of outfit you want to see me in?" She looked down and gave a gentle hug at the hem of the skirt as if inspecting its length.
Sera was astonished, she adjusted herself in her seat, nervous. "Wha? No... I mean... c'mon, Alice, I just got some of everything... You picked out what to wear."
Giggling, Alice lifted the hem of the dress, dangerously close to showing off her crotchless panties. "Well,Iwouldn't have included them ifIdidn't want someone to wear them. You already watch me most of the time. From the look on your face you would be watching meallof the time if I decided to wear this exclusively. How does that sound?" Alice Spun, the dress parachuting out for a split second to show the bottom of her ass, where the stockings stopped. She walked towards the bed and sat down, crossing her legs to hide the view.
"Alice... what are you doing?" Sera's face was red, she was squirming in her seat as she gazed on. Obviously enjoying the show.
"Right now?" Alice asked rhetorically. "Well, I woke up just so god damn horny, and now with all this..." She ran her hands over her body and new outfit, lifting a tugging to reveal a bit more. "I just can't take it anymore, I need some relief."
Bending at the waist Alice reached under her bed. The dress hung down giving Sera an unbridled view of Alice's breasts as they fought against gravity. She peered up at Sera through her eyelashes, grinning as she noted where Sera's eyes had fixed. From under the bed she pulled a box that contained her magic wand. Fully charged through the night. She pulled the large white vibrator out and placed it on her lap, throwing the box to the side. "Fuck." Alice said in fake exasperation "I wish there was someone here who I actuallycouldfuck."
Sera looked a little saddened by the comment but continued to gaze on.
Alice turned the vibrator on, letting out a small moan as the buzzing moved through her arms. "This..." Alice said, pausing to open her legs. "Is going to feel so fucking good. Let me know if you ever want to use this thing."
Sera gasped as she saw Alice's plump pussy, perfectly framed by the window in the crotchless panties. She couldn't stop herself, she leaned forward, hoping those few extra inches would open her view to everything.
Leaning back on her free arm, Alice began to slowly lower the vibe to her crotch. Her eyes fixed on Sera's, watching the celestial's eyes follow the dip of the wand. The power was intense, and when it kissed her clit, Alice flinched, a pleasured groan pushed out by her abs contracting. "Holy... shit, every time, this thing surprises me." Her own face was a band of red, cheeks bright.
Increasing the pressure, her flesh rolled with the vibrations, adding a wetness to the buzz emanating from the rounded head that was pressed to clit. Her breathing stopped as she struggled to control the twitching of her body. Eventually she let go. "Ffffuuuuuk..." She groaned deeply as she exhaled. Her legs twitching as pleasure built. Sera was transfixed, she was nibbling at her own lips, her hands firmly pressed into her crotch.
She moved the wand above her pussy, resting on her mons, the thing was so strong that the distance offered her only the barest rest. "Wow, y-you really like what you see huh? I wonder. Is it the outfit? My dripping, tight, pussy? Maybe both? It's a shame I won't let you come over here. Though I wouldn't mind if you came alittlecloser..." Alice purred the words, eyes lidded low, meeting Sera's gaze as the celestial's eyes flicked between Alice's pussy and the catgirl's stare. Sera didn't move, at least not any closer. Her hands did move in her lap.
Alice lowered the wand back to her clit, moving it in circles around her engorged button. "Oh, fuck yes." She moaned, her eyes rolling exaggeratedly. "If only there was someone else here, someone who could take this wand, their hands, their mouth, and make me cum again and again and again. But all I have is a useless angel and myself. W-what a world I live in." Alice fell back as she talked, propping herself up on an elbow as she doubled the pressure on her clit.
Sera didn't look away from the show, still bright red, her face fell. "I'm... I'm not useless..." She muttered. "I just made a mistake..."
Alice's whole body was shaking, her breath becoming ragged, a small damp spot darkened the blanket under her. Alice just barely heard Sera talk over the buzz of the vibrator. "Big enough mistake that you will never get to taste this. Young. Dripping. Tight. Juicy. Pussy." Alice couldn't help herself, the desire to get a rise out of Sera bubbled up from solemn topics little spoken since they occured. "Maybe you should have lied to me when I asked. Mmmmm, oh fuck me, I'm gonna cum soo-oo-ooon. You are, like, cosmically beautiful, I would have done despicable things for you. But you ruined it." The buzzing got more frantic as she scribbled the round head of the vibrator over her pussy.
Sera snapped out of the spell Alice's teasing had thrown over her. "Alice... Stop it... Please..." A pitiful expression was trying to break through a mask the celestial had put up. Her eyes began to tear. "I..." She started but couldn't find anything to say.
With her eyes rolling back, Alice didn't see the change in Sera, she continued her assault as she drove herself towards her own orgasm. "Y-you... Oh! Yesssss... You could have had all of me. Anything you wanted. Dressed me however you liked, collared me, made me your little slave kitten. B-but instead all you get to do is watch, like the useless, fucking, angel you are."
She'd had enough, the stool she was sitting on scraped against the tile when she pushed off to stand. Alice didn't notice. Silent dejection and smoldering anger carried Sera to Alice. She stood between the twitching girl's legs, indignation writ across her brow. The lust was gone.
It took Alice a few moments to notice, she had been lost in the swirling sensations of the vibe around her clit. "Ohhh..." She purred, eyes running up the tall seraphs stunning form before settling on her face. She giggled at the mad expression Sera was throwing her. "Had enough? Was my little show too much for the eternal light?" She spread her legs a little wider, grinding her hips up against the vibe with a moan. "Have you come to put me in my place? Or are you just going to leave me on my own once again because things got a little... too... hard..." She punctuated the last few words with pressured thrusts of the wand against herself, her legs twitching.
Fire burned in Sera's eyes. Like lightning her hand whipped to Alice's face. Thunder; the clap of skin.
Alice let out a choked gasp, dropping the vibrator to the floor her hand moved to hold her cheek. The flesh stung, already turning a different shade of red.
Furious, Sera was barely able to hold herself back from screaming. Tears welled in her eyes instead. "You know. You can be such a petulant fucking asshole sometimes. I have a heart too... I have emotions... I can only take so fucking much of this. You know how I feel... about you..." She turned her gaze from Alice and took a few deep breaths before turning and walking away from the bed.
Alice was too stunned to say anything, she just stared in shock at the seraphim. The taste of iron filled her mouth where it had been cut on a tooth.
"I'm leaving," Sera said, her voice now tempered and calm.
Alice gasped again and began to scramble to stand up. "Shit..." she said, "I'm sorry... I just wanted... I just... Please don't leave me aga-"
Sera cut Alice off "Don't worry, I won't be gone long. I just need a little time to think, I'll be back before dinner. Just do me a favor? Give some thought as to what youactuallywant... And don't ever, fucking, do that again." Songs of electric discharge played in reverse. Warbling through the room as Sera began to morph and shift. Her form folding in on itself at incredible angles, every outside on the inside until it was gone, disappearing into an impossibility.
Alice stared at the space Sera had stood for a few seconds before falling back against the bed. She let out a big groan and kicked her legs up into the air, droping back to the floor with a thud, dull pain thumped from her heels. "Fuck..." She whispered to herself. "Fuck... Fuck... Fuck..." Alice sat up and pawed at her eye, as if trying to clear her head, her vision. "What the fuck was I thinking..." She said reaching for the vibrator that was still on, and jumping erratically in circles near her feet. "What the fuck do I want?"
She crawled up the bed, and lay normally on the pillows. "WhatdoI want?" She whispered, bringing the wand back down towards her pussy to finish what she started.
~~~
~~
~