Every Saturday for years I've been taking my daughter to horse riding lessons at a local farm. It's run by two sisters, Danielle and Sydney.
Danielle is the older sister; she's a brunette with glasses and a bit of a geeky manner but very kind and great with kids. Sydney is younger, still single and seemingly more fashionable as she often pairs her wellington boots and riding pants with aviator sunglasses.
Danielle gives the lessons; her and my daughter disappear off on an hour long trek along the hills and I sit in my car, listening to the radio or reading a book. Sydney is often about as she has a house on the farm, where her mother also resides and I know her well enough to say hello and have a quick chat.
It's just one part of the suburban routine I share with my wife, Amy. We've been married for ten years and while we make a great team, I can't deny the passion has naturally subsided. Amy has a fuller, voluptuous figure -- size 12 to 14 -- but she's in far better shape than me thanks to all the exercise she does, which gives her nicely toned arms and legs and a flat stomach. Whether I steal a glance at her roaming around in her bra and knickers or get the full show in the bath, I still get a rush of excitement. It's just that's usually as far as it goes as busy lives and tiredness form a barrier. I can't deny using porn to fulfill my sex drive.
Those occasions when we have sex, it's great. The sex now is more open and adventurous, by our standards, than when we first got together 17 years ago. Our most intimate moments come when we share our fantasies, which tend to involve fictitious people and a healthy dose of voyeurism. We never discuss it but I think we both know that the people we make up are based on real people: colleagues, friends and the like.
Anyway, like any Saturday, I took my daughter riding. And as ever, I sat there and listened to the radio for a while before ultimately letting my mind unwind and relax after a busy week.
The farm is set in the hills and the place I park offers a great vantage point down onto the farmhouse, adjoining cottage and surrounding countryside. It was a brilliant, sunny day and as I gazed about, I noticed some movement in a ground floor window of Sydney's cottage. With the sunlight beaming onto the side of the house, there stood Sydney in a tight white vest, adjusting some flowers on the window sill, seemingly oblivious to the world. Up to that point, I'd only ever seen her in heavy winter jackets and hi-vis vests and now, I sat taken aback by her hourglass figure. Given she often wore tight riding pants, which hugged her curvaceous, ample rear, it wasn't a total surprise to see how well endowed she was up top. I sat there, transfixed, for what felt like an eternity, feeling the slow stirring in my pants.
As I watched, she would disappear and reappear at the window, giving me a glimpse of what I'd been missing. I sat still, feeling the sensation of my thick, six inches push against my pants and my heart rate increasing. Sliding down into my seat, hidden from view, I started to massage the head of my cock through my pants. A few minutes passed when another pass by the window, revealed her in just a black, see-through bra and the top of a black thong. It felt like my own personal peep show, as she turned and bent forward, revealing the backsides of her tanned thighs. When she stood up again, I gazed at the tan lines on her chest, paving the way to her pink nipples concealed behind her bra.
I must have been in a daze because suddenly, I heard the sound of a car pulling up a few metres away. Startled, I sat upright in my car and when I glanced back at the house, Sydney was out of sight.
Feeling flushed and embarrassed, I checked the time and saw that the hour was up and went to collect my daughter from the stables and settle up with Danielle. Walking to the stables, I kept my eyes straight, not allowing them to divert anywhere they'd get me into trouble. Then I saw Danielle.
"Good ride?"
"Yeah, we went quite a ways this week." Danielle replied.
At this point during the weekly small talk, I would always fumble around for cash. And yet this time, I'd completely forgotten to get cash and was staring at an empty wallet.
"Ah...sorry Danielle. I've no cash. Can I-"
"Bring it later? Yep, no worries. I won't be around so just pop it through Syd's letterbox."
"Of course," I replied, hoping or not hoping for another encounter.
- -
Upon getting home, my wife just tutted her slight annoyance at my forgetfulness.
"You'll have to go back tomorrow or later in the week. We're out this afternoon at..." my wife continued to talk but I'd stopped listening as a feeling of relief came over me yet my brain was still completely consumed by what I'd seen.
I spent the rest of the day, intensely aroused, giving Amy lots of attention and vowing to myself to wine and dine her in an effort to entice some intimacy that evening. If there's one way to my wife's heart, it's making the extra effort of a home cooked, candlelit dinner and a few glasses of red wine to lighten the mood.
Lo and behold, it worked. As we made our way to upstairs to bed, she said "just you wait here a minute and I'll call you up."
I knew what that meant. I could barely contain my excitement. When she called me, I ran upstairs like a man possessed and burst into the bedroom, where she was crouched on all fours in a see through black bra and black thong; an almost identical set of underwear to what Sydney had been wearing earlier.
I think I must have frozen because she looked at me quizzically.
"What's wrong?"
"N-nothing." I replied.
"There's something you're not telling me."
I paused.
"You're right. But it's hard to explain and you might not be too...pleased."
"OK, well now you've piqued my curiousity and you've also made it impossible for anything to happen tonight unless you DO tell me."
Amy stood up and approached me slowly. She got so close we were almost touching and she started undoing the buttons of my shirt. Her eyes wide open, she started to tease me.
"That's not what you want is it? You do want to see these titties tonight don't you? And I was so looking forward to sucking you off."
She had me. Blowjobs are few and far in between these days and I'll do anything for one. And her tits are incredible, 36 double D's. I could see her nipples were hard through her bra and I caved and started to divulge the morning's events.
"Well, at the farm today...I, err...well, I saw Sydney in her bedroom, not wearing all that much. I'm sorry. Really sorry. It's never happened before and you know, we should switch riding schools or whatever and just forget..."
My wife pushed aside my shirt off my shoulders and started unbuckling my belt.
"What was she wearing?"
"Erm...I couldn't really make it out. It was sunny. It was more like a silhouette bu-"
"Bullshit. Come on, I want to know. Syd's attractive, describe her."
"OK, well, that's the thing. She was wearing pretty much what you're wearing now. That's why I sort of...froze."
By now my pants were halfway down my legs and my dick was hard as a rock, pushed up against the fabric of my boxer shirts.
"So, you like my choice of outfit? Or should I change?"
Amy took a step back from me so I could admire her figure. She was smiling a sadistic smile, as if to suggest that I wasn't in trouble but I was at her mercy.
"Yes, of course, baby. You look amazing. You can see that," I said, gesturing down below.
"So when you saw her in her black panties and black bra, what were you thinking?"
"Nothing really, just...umm, just I don't know. It seemed odd, out of-"
Amy cut me off again. "Oh, so you weren't excited? I bet your dick got really hard and you thought about sucking on those tits of hers. I've seen them, maybe not as much as you, but Syd does have a gorgeous pair and it goes nicely with that juicy ass of hers, doesn't it?"
She got on her knees and pulled my boxers down, exposing my shaft. It felt like the hardest I'd ever been and before I knew it, my wife had engulfed the head in her mouth. I looked down, watching her tits as her head slowly bobbed back and forth. She stroked my balls gently and I let out a moan.
Amy looked up at me and asked, "do you wish Syd was here, sucking on your cock? I bet you'd love to cum on her tits. Mmmm...I'd love to watch that. I'd lick the cum off her."
I knew I wouldn't last much longer. We'd never shared out fantasy like this before. My wife took my hand and placed it on her head, gesturing for me to move her head down on my cock. I could feel myself getting closer and closer to cumming and wanting to prolong the ecstasy.
I placed my hands gently on her face and looked down. "I'll show you what I wanted to do to her."
I helped her up off the floor, turned her round so her back faced me and grabbed both tits in my hands from behind. As I gently squeezed at her nipples through her bra, I felt my dick writhe between our thighs and her ass cheeks. How I longed to fuck my wife's ass again. I pulled down at her thong, and she lifted her legs, one by one stepping out and revealing a beautiful strip of pubic hair. She whispered to me, "my cunt is dripping wet". I needed to find out for myself and slid my hands down, gently rubbing circles on her huge clit.
She leaned into me and twisted her neck so our mouths and tongues could meet. I knew we were going to fuck hard and fast but first I needed to taste her pussy. I bent her forward, stopping to admire her round ass and spread her legs just enough to expose her pussy lips. The musty aroma of her pussy arousing me further, I wasted no time diving in with my tougue, flicking back and forth over her clit.
She was so wet it was running down my chin. I pushed my thumb into her and she responded with moans, burrowing her head into the bed. I ran circles with my thumb around her asshole, applying a bit of gentle pressure, testing the waters.
"Mmm, not tonight, baby. Tonight I need you to fuck my pussy and I want you to fuck it like you'd fuck Syd's."
I didn't need telling twice. I stood up and pushed the head of dick into her. It'd been a month since our last session and her pussy felt tight around my uncircumcised cock. I entered my six inches into her slowly, gradually picking up rhythm with my strokes. With my hands on her ass, I spread her cheeks apart so I could get the best view of my dick sliding back and forth.
When I slowed down, she'd gyrate her ass, engulfing my entire cock with her cunt. I reached forward and held onto her tits, slipping my hands under her bra. I whispered to her "I'm ready to cum when you are, Amy."
"Fuck me like I'm her. Call me Sydney..."
I couldn't believe what I was hearing. I nearly came there and then.
"Sydney" I started, "I've been waiting so long for this. I've been thinking about your perfect tits all day and sucking on those thick nipples while you stroke my throbbing cock."
"Get on top of me then". Amy moved forward, rolling over to show me her tits, spreading her legs out around me.
"When you bent over, I just imagined a bald pussy, ready to be licked and worshipped."
I leant down for a quick kiss of her clit, moving up to her nipples and pushing down at her bra straps to expose her tits while she reached down for my cock, pulling it into her. I leaned back so I could take it all in, imagining for the first time, she was Sydney with her blond hair.
I cupped my wife's tit in my hand, pumping harder and harder. I couldn't resist.
"I was so hard today, watching you in my car. I've been dreaming about you all day, thinking about cumming on your tits and your face and finishing off in your mouth."
My wife closed her eyes. "Don't stop baby."
"Your pussy is so wet. I bet you've been thinking about it too. A big cock, showering you with cum. I bet you'd love that."
"Yes, baby, that's it."
By now we were fucking so hard my balls were slapping hard against my wife's thick thighs. I looked down as my dick went in and out of her; the shine of her pussy juices all over the shaft. My wife's hand down at her clit, signalling her readiness to cum.
I leant forward and whispered in my wife's ear "I bet, Syd, you'd love the feel of my dick in that virgin ass of yours."
With that, I could feel my wife's legs buckle as she started to orgasm, her eyes shut tightly, biting her bottom lip. I pulled out of her and straddled her chest. She cupped her hands under my balls, applying pressure to my asshole as I squeezed her right breast and jerked off the biggest load I can remember over chest, shooting cum onto her face and in her hair. She pulled me forward, licking the last drops of cum off my dick, a rare and welcome treat.
I laid down, next to her and she rolled into me, pushing her breasts into my side, her brown hair falling on my chest. I could feel my warm, sticky cum on her. She kissed me and I could taste it on her tongue and her lips.
-- -- --
Some time passed as we lay there catching our breaths drifting in and out of sleep, before I broke the silence.
"So, where did that come from?" I asked.
"Not sure. And I'm not sure I'm overly keen on you spying on other women, intentionally or not, but I felt so horny and it's been so long I just went with it. Besides, I guess it's my turn next?"
"Your turn for what?"
She was running her nails across my chest down to the tops of my thighs and I sensed it wasn't over. For Amy, at least.
"Well, we've played out your little fantasy and since you've been so honest, I think there's something I should share with you."
Who was I to stop her? She knew I liked hearing her talk dirty regardless of the subject and I was curious to see where it went. I looked at her and kissed her deeply on the mouth, giving her the OK.
"Well, at the gym, there is this one guy who flirts with me. I think he fancies me a bit, or at least, he's the one guy who gives me any attention. And trust me, I see how some of the other women get stared at."
"Is it that Matt guy?" I played a bit stupid but I knew who it was, as Amy and I had bumped into him at the supermarket. She described him as her 'friend from the gym', and I naively thought nothing of it at the time.
"It's Mark. And yes, that's him. Well, we've gotten friendlier. Nothing has happened. I promise you; I don't find him attractive as such. But he spots for me when I bench press and well, his tight shorts leave little to the imagination down there."
I could feel myself stirring again; a twinge of jealousy, but overwhelming arousal at the thought of someone else lusting for my wife.
"His bulge is right in my eye line and, don't be jealous, but I think he's big. I know he's starting down at my chest when I lift. If I think he's going to be there, I'll workout in just a sports bra. I like to tease him a bit. I like thinking that I'm giving him a show and wondering what he does with that big cock when gets home."
I moved my hand down to her thighs, finding my way between them. Amy was sopping wet again. I knew this must be her latest recurring fantasy. We kissed and let our tongues explore one another, swapping the fast paced sex for slower, more drawn out intimacy.
"What else do you think about when you think about his cock?"
"I like to imagine that the gym is empty except for us. And as I'm laid there on the bench, lifting the bar, I can see his bulge getting bigger and bigger. He lifts the weights from off me, leaving me lying there, sweaty and wanting. We stare at each other, knowing what's about to come and he pulls his shorts down, revealing his already erect dick. It's thick and long, the veins of his shaft pulsing. I reach up and take it in both hands, and start tugging away. He doesn't take his eyes off me as I massage the head and caress his shaved balls."
By now Amy has rolled away from me, onto her back, her knees up, pushing my left hand downwards. Her eyes closed, I tongue her left nipple while I run my middle finger along her wet slit up to her clit in a gentle, clockwise motion.
"I keep jerking him off. His dick is so hard. He's breathing heavily. I know I'm dripping wet. I move my hand down, slipping it under my leggings, down to my cunt. I can feel myself ready to cum any second."
She's clenching her teeth and tensing her body as she recounts her fantasy, preparing for orgasm. The gaps in her telling the story widening.
"What happens next" I urge her.
"He starts jerking himself off, leaving me free to slip my pants down. I tease my clit and finger myself. He tells me he's ready to cum. I arch my head back, inviting him to cum on me. I want to taste him, to feel his dick in my mouth. With his left hand, he reaches down and grabs my left tit and before I know it, he shoots his cum all over my face and my chest. He lowers himself forward, dangling the head of his cock in front of me so I can take it in my mouth, sucking the last of the cum out off him. I cum hard, groaning loudly, my pussy juices covering my fingers. He takes my hand and raises it to his mouth, tasting me off my fingers."
By now I've got my face buried into Amy's tits, sucking hard as I get ready to cum again. I whisper to her..."I want you to imagine Mark's at the other end of the bench, holding your legs in the air as he pummels your pussy hard. I want you think what it'd be like to take a dick that big inside you..."
Amy started to cum, even more intensely than before. That was enough to set me off as she rolled back into me, kissing my intensely as I shot cum all over my stomach. She collapsed on top of me and I feel the wetness of her pussy against my thighs, my cum sticking to our skin as I imagined what future fantasies may bring.