This one has some fun elements, but I struggled with writing it. I hope I was able to salvage it in the edits. This one starts slow. Enjoy!
*****
"AMY! AMY!"
My brother, Mark, was shouting from the door. He'd been next door mowing the neighbor's grass. Our neighbor was Ted Kazinski, and up until two weeks ago, we thought he was just another friendly guy. That was when he filmed me sunbathing topless in my back yard. He had taken the video from his attic window, which was high enough to oversee our fence. Ever since then, life has been hell for my brother and me.
Ted came over, later in the evening, on the day he filmed me. He told me and Mark what he did and threatened us with it. He promised he would keep only the original file, and would delete it on one condition. For the next three months, Mark had to mow his lawn once a week, and we had to make dinner and invite him over, every single evening.
The more we got to know Ted, the more we despised him. My brother suspected Ted didn't let us in his own house because of the video camera and computer. We only did the dinners at our house.
Mark was very angry that I had sunbathed topless in the first place. Angrier that he was working for free, just so I could keep my dignity. Ted threatened to post the video to local swingers sites and "anywhere else I can find." I should probably mention this occurred before the days of voyeur and "revenge" porn laws. Back then, one couldn't do much of anything if someone posted a video without their permission online.
I didn't dare tell Eric, my new boyfriend. We were too new and fresh, and I didn't want to impose drama. I had to get through this, and I was grateful my brother was helping.
"We just need to get in his house and erase that file," Mark had said on a number of occasions, but Ted was a homebody. Not only did he work from a home office, he even had groceries delivered to his house (when that was barely a thing - it's much more common now). Ted hated going out in public. Still, we knew he always kept his back door unlocked.
We'd come to know Ted pretty well, in spite of not wanting to, due to all the awkward dinner conversations. The most "outside" Ted gets, is into his backyard. A couple times a day, he may walk outside and drink tea; breathe the fresh air. Apparently, he once locked himself out, so now he always keeps the door unlocked, since he has a locked gate and fence around the yard. Unfortunately, his presence prevented us from attempting any coups.
Mark and I suspected Ted made the dinners part of the agreement just so he could be around people. "He's holed up in that house of his and he wants to force us to be his link to society," Mark had contemplated. "Dude is messed up, Amy. And he drools all over you, too."
"I know, but he PROMISED he would only make us do this until the end of August."
"I bet he'll go back on his word," said Mark. "We have to figure out a way to get that file back. Or delete it forever."
Mark had been scheming for days. Now, as he came rushing into the house, yelling my name, I figured he must have hatched a plan. I called to him, "In the kitchen!"
He bolted in. "Oh, thought you were in your bedroom. Hey, when I was finishing up Ted's yard, he came out and made some stupid quip."
"Oh, yeah? What was that?" I dropped the noodles in the pot.
"He said it's a shame you don't sunbathe anymore."
"Fuck that guy," I bitched, "I hope you punched him for me."
"If he wouldn't retaliate by uploading your stupid porn, maybe I would."
"Hey! Come on, I was just topless." I pulled out three sets of plates and silverware, as the water began heating in the pot. Spaghetti was always an easy fix.
"Jesus, Amy. You, topless, is equivalent to like three other girls doing it." My brother always teased me about my tits. "Torpedoes" he typically called them.
I rolled my eyes, "Fuck you, too. Why'd you come running in here screaming my name?"
"The point is, he made another comment... that it doesn't matter that you don't sunbathe anymore, because his camera is busted. Apparently, he was charging it, and a surge blew the board and the drive."
I should note, that back in this day, digital cameras were new and kind of rare. The more affordable ones were built with cheap parts in abysmal factories in developing countries, with poor quality control. Cameras faulted all the time, for a variety of reasons. I used a few of them in my college courses and had seen it myself. "Well, it broke two weeks too late, though. Does this mean we don't have to do this anymore. The file is destroyed?"
"No, unfortunately. Ted said he had already moved the file to his PC backup drive. Said he was making room for new videos on the camera's drive. Get it? So he says you can wait a few days to sunbathe again, until the new camera he ordered arrives."
"That asshole," I said. "You can tell him he'll never see me naked again. And isn't it so fucking funny how he can talk shit to you, but when he's around me, he's a sniveling creep?"
"He is anti-social. Weird as fuck. But.. uh... about him never seeing you naked again..."
I stopped, turning to Mark. "What?"
"Amy, don't be mad. I was just thinking on my feet."
"What are you talking about?"
"I told him hat it's too fucking bad his camera broke, because we're in the process of renovating the bathroom."
"The bathroom? We're not doing anything to the bathroom."
"I know that!" barked Mark. "But well.. we kinda are now. That is, if you're up for it."
"What the fuck are you getting at?"
"I told him we were taking down the curtains and blinds, and painting the bathroom. He knows you shower in there every night at nine."
We came to discover that Ted knew all of our private habits. I suppose spying on neighbors is what one does when they have no friends. Our bathroom faces the neighbor's side yard, and we have maybe twenty feet between us. His poorly-designed home has a small study (that Ted never uses) with a bay window that directly faces our bathroom window. Due to that fact alone, Mark and I installed curtains and blinds before we moved in; even before we knew Ted, just because we thought it was a practical thing to do. In hindsight, I am glad we did, knowing how that asshole likes to perv on me.
Mark continued, "I couldn't think of anything else, so I told him it was 'real sad' (Mark used the hand-quotation mark signal as he said this) that his camera broke, because the curtains would be down tonight, and inevitably, you would take a shower. I'm telling you Amy, he was furious! I mean, excited, too, but furious."
"But Mark, we haven't pulled the curtains down in there, and why would you say that, anyway?"
"I'm gonna go do it now, before he checks. I told him we only just got the paint, and that we're prepping today."
"But WHY?"
"Okay, so we know he always keeps the back door unlocked. When you go to shower, we'll know he'll either be in the yard between our houses, or in that tiny room, looking out that bay window. I'll run around the far side of his house, climb his fence and get in the back door. I'll find his PC and remove the file. Permanently."
Mark was great at techie shit. I didn't know as much, but I did know I hated this plan. "You want me to shower? In front of that asshole?"
"Oh, come on, sis. You don't have to get completely naked. It's clear, you would be aware of the open window. Just tease him. Wear towels going in and coming out of the shower, but stay in there and keep him occupied until I get back."
"How will I know when you're done?"
"I'll knock or something. You'll know. I'll be here. Tell ya what. Keep your phone in the bathroom. I'll text if I need to communicate with you while we do this."
This was back in the days of flip phones, when texting was about the only extra feature one got with their cellular plan. If you were lucky, you might have a really shitty camera with it.
"I don't know Mark. What if Ted doesn't actually watch me, and you enter his house and he busts you? He could call the police on you."
"Are you fucking joking?" cried Mark. "Not watch you? He crushes on you! I wouldn't be surprised if he stands on our side of the yard and peers right into the window. He's a pervert. At the very least, he'll be glued in that study that he barely uses, and I'll be on the opposite side of the house, quiet as a mouse. Seriously, not watch you? He probably jerks it to that video every night. He certainly tells me he loves your 'boobies' all the time."
Whenever Ted visited (which would be in about twenty minutes, by the way), he mostly talked about his work as a freelance data analyst, or his favorite TV shows. All boring stuff, when he is around me. Outside of that, he might make some corny joke about how he has a great video with me in it, and it's his favorite movie of all time.
But the fucker never talks crudely to me, like he does to my brother. Apparently, he walks about me all the time, with Mark. When he is personally around me, he gets nervous. Still, with this video hanging over my head, he thinks he has a right to my presence. It's disgusting behavior. I wondered how many times he had beaten off to that video. If anything, that may be the only good thing that came of this. Ted Kazinski can beat off all he wants, so long as he knows he'll never have me in the flesh. Let that video remind him, the utter dweeb.
The more I thought about Mark's impromptu plan, the more I found it agreeable. It dawned on me that if I went through with this, I could easily tease Ted to keep his eyes focused on me. I'm a girl, after all, and have plenty of practice using towels that keep my bits just barely covered. I knew Ted would be praying for me to remove it, too.
I'll make him suffer, I thought. I'll tease incessantly, showing cleavage and lots of thigh. While my brother deletes the one thing that really shows me naked, Ted will be busy trying to get another show. In the end, he'll get nothing. I loved the idea.
"Okay, let's do this," I shouted. "Go get the curtains down in the bathroom. Make it look a bit of a mess in there, like we're about to do work."
"Shit, Amy, I thought I would actually have to talk you into it more."
"Nope," I said. "Let's do this. You delete that file. But then let's not tell him. And tomorrow, when he comes over for dinner, we refuse to let him in. He'll figure it out, if he doesn't know by then."
Mark smiled. "I like your thinking." He scooted off to the bathroom.
I glanced down at my shirt. It would take three buttons, at least, to show an ample amount of cleavage. I unsnapped them immediately. I had every intention of teasing Ted during dinner, ensuring he'd fall into our trap. That's when the bell rang, and the door immediately opened.
Ted didn't bother waiting for either Mark or me to answer the door. It was as if he felt he was entitled into our home. I was actually surprised he bothered ringing the bell at all. Soon, he turned the corner into the kitchen, just as I was pouring the sauce on the spaghetti. I kept my back to him. "Hello, Ted," I said.
"Huh.. uh.. hi, Amy. Oh, yeah... you promised spaghetti again. Did you make the garlic bread like last time, too?"
"Oh, darn it, Ted," I said, with a higher pitch than usual. "I sure did forget. Can you forgive me?"
I could hear it in his voice. He was demonstrably upset. "Hey, you know you could think about me a bit more than that." His voice cracked, as he tried to be authoritative. "You... you know how much I love that garli-"
I spun around and bent forward with the large bowl of spaghetti in hand. Ted wasn't, in any way, looking at the dish. His eyes went straight to my cleavage. "But I promise the spaghetti is great. And next time I make it, I'll make extra garlic bread, just for you!" I don't think Ted caught the disdain and sarcasm in my voice. Idiot.
"Oh, there you are," said Mark, coming in. "Dinner ready then?"
We usually tried to have Ted out of the house by 7:30, but I laid it on thick. I started asking questions to him about his work, anything to force him to keep his eyes on me and my tits. At 7:20, I mentioned the bathroom to Mark. "Hey, did you pick up that extra paint we needed?" I asked.
"Oh yeah, sure did. I didn't want to have to go back to the store tomorrow."
"That's right," said Ted. "Mark mentioned you were painting the bathroom."
"Yeah, I insisted," I said, batting my lashes. "Tomorrow. Hopefully, it won't take too long. I hate having such a mess in the house. Renovating is such a hassle."
The reminder seemed to do the trick. By now, all Ted could do was gawk at my open cleavage. He was trapped. Twenty minutes later, we finally set him on his way. "See you tomorrow, Ted," I said, closing the door behind him.
"I can't wait to see the new updates in the bathroom," he hollered, behind me.
I rolled my eyes to Mark. "With any luck, he'll never step foot in this house again," I whispered.
"Oh my God, this had better work. I can't take one more day of having to put up with him. By the way, I noticed you laying it on thick there." Mark shifted his eyes to my cleavage.
"Yeah, well, I just want to be sure this happens."
Just then, my cell phone rang off. I rushed over to it, seeing the call coming from my boyfriend, Eric. "Hey," he said, when I answered. "Where you been, babe? I thought you were gonna come over at least one day this week. Do I need to drive out to your place?"
"Oh, hi Eric." Again, I hadn't told him about the deal Mark and I had made with our neighbor. The daily dinners certainly impaired my social life, and while I did try to work around it, Eric was beginning to notice the time we shared being diminished. "I'm so sorry. It's just... well, I've been doing this uh... summer project... and well, I'm almost done with it, I think."
"Summer project?"
"Yeah... look, I'll explain later, but I promise, it's nothing to worry about. I love you so much, babe! I'll see you soon, okay?"
"Um.. okay, I guess. But really, we gotta meet up for more than a few minutes at a time. Something's wrong here, don't ya think?"
"I promise, it will all be finished soon." I wiped a bead of sweat from my brow. I better make this work, I thought. "Just relax, Eric. Everything is fine. I'll explain everything to you soon."
Maybe I should have told him already. I certainly had fond feelings for him, but still, I hated imposing drama. I didn't want to see Eric go off the rails on a nobody like Ted. It wasn't worth the effort, or risk of getting in trouble. After I hung up, I turned to Mark. "This better fucking work."
Nine o'clock didn't roll around fast enough. Ten minutes prior, I stepped into the bathroom and put on a big show of getting ready, in case Ted was already watching. I prepped my soap and shampoo and took a towel from the pantry. As I got ready, I glanced toward the open window.
Our home was built in the early '90s, when unusual designs superseded practical purpose. The window into the bathroom was at least eight feet high, starting about two feet off the floor. I suppose it was meant to let the sun in, but it was a hassle to open and close the blinds every time one wanted to use the bathroom. Hence, we always kept it closed.
As I looked to the window now, it simply reflected the bathroom back to me. It was pitch black outside, and the light to Ted's study across our side yard wasn't on. I imagined he was in there already, popcorn in hand... or tissue. Without visual proof, I would have to just trust my gut that he would watching.
Usually, I undress for the shower in the bathroom. Not this time. I went to my bedroom, stripped off and wrapped myself in the towel, spending several minutes in front of my mirror adjusting it. Mark called out to me through the bedroom door. "You almost ready, sis? At 9:10, I'll head over. Don't forget to take your cellular phone in the bathroom."
"Almost there, Mark," I said, shifting the towel again. The ones we use are large, but considering the size and shape of my breasts, most of the material is spent managing those. I could raise up the towel, and show more leg and perhaps a hint of ass, but by sacrificing some cleavage. Or I could drop the towel damn near to my nipples and show miles of cleavage, but less thigh. That "booby" flesh would drive him mad. I opted on the latter and stepped out of my room.
"Jesus, Amy!" shouted Mark. "I said you could leave some room for the imagination, didn't I?"
"Oh, you know he is always ogling at my tits. I'll walk back and forth in the bathroom like this for a bit, to be sure he won't leave."
"Alright. Be careful. I'll be quick."
As I rounded the corner into the bathroom, that's when I saw it. A flash of movement in the window. I think it was a lens from a regular kind of camera, one that just takes pictures. Ted must have been testing his angles at the window. Whether he noticed my eyes darting to his movements was anyone's guess, but I quickly turned to the bathroom mirror and fiddled with my hair, pretending I saw nothing. I lifted my towel just a smidgen. Much lower, and my areolas would have escaped. I had to think... Ted had a camera on him, so I had to be careful not to show anything. I picked up my phone and texted Mark: 'hes outside at the window don't get caught hurry.'
Most folks may not remember it was a bitch to text someone back then, having to tap a numerical key several times to make each character of the alphabet. I turned to head over to the shower, and stepped over some curtain rods that Mark had left on the floor. I pretended I was wholly unaware of Ted's presence outside the window, just a few feet away now.
The shower itself is maybe five or six feet long and runs perpendicular to the window, but with the window so large and wide, and the curtains down, you can see entirely into the room, shower and all. Thankfully, our shower curtains were a dark green, so I would be hidden behind it.
As I got ready near the tub, only a few feet from the large pane of glass, I bet Ted was loving it. To be honest, I was finding it kind of exciting, too. It felt like a game, to see how much I could show, without showing anything at all. I got to play a bit of an exhibitionist, without the guilt of feeling like a slut for doing it. This had purpose, right?
I looked down to make sure my nipples weren't sliding out, giving the towel another quick adjustment as I turned to face the window entirely. I bent over, rubbing and examining my legs, then rose up, checking my arms and pits, checking my skin before entering the shower. I must have faced that window for a solid minute. I didn't see any camera lens reflecting through the glass, but then, I wasn't trying to focus my vision outside of the window. I dared not risk allowing Ted to know that I was aware of his presence.
'Take all the pictures you want,' I thought, however. 'It'll never compare to what you're losing tonight.'
I reached over and turned on the water, starting the shower. I bet Ted was jumping out of his skin, hoping I would drop the towel right there, but instead, I stepped into the far end of the tub and pulled the curtain back. I then removed my towel and flung it over the rod, smiling to myself, as I was protected behind the thick, green plastic material.
Just to keep things interesting, as I stepped toward the falling water, I pulled the shower curtain back, leaving about six inches open, just enough for me to show the skin of my arms and back, as I popped in and out of view. I would be sure to not allow any tits or ass to get exposed.
I had only just grabbed the soap when I heard my phone ding off. It was a text. "Oh fuck," I said to myself, "I should have brought that closer.' The only way to get to it was to step out of the shower and walk back to the sink. I quickly shut the water off and grabbed the towel, wrapping it around me. I was soaked already.
Water pooled under my foot as I stepped onto the floor and hopped over to the sink. I wiped the water off my right hand using my towel, being sure to look as if I risked dropping the towel at any moment. Might as well have fun with this, I was thinking. I flipped the phone open. The text was from Mark.
'in his house. door to office locked gotta go back for a tool. keep him there'
Fuck, Mark was on his way back now for whatever he needed to get into Ted's office. I looked in the mirror and picked up the phone, making a show of reading the text. Finally, I walked back to the shower and dropped the phone on a dry spot on the floor nearby. I stepped in, pulled the curtain over, and put the towel back on the rod. Once again, I was naked, but unseen, behind the plastic shield. How to make this last?
This time, I allowed the curtain on the far end, closest to the window, to be pulled almost a quarter of the way open. Ted would have to position himself at the far corner of the window, and stay close to it, to see anything at this angle, but I knew he would try. I stepped in and out of view, flashing bits of skin, and tried not to make it obvious that I was checking to see if he was still out there. Sure enough, he was. Ted was close enough to the window that the light in the room barely made out his image through the dark, reflecting glass. Still, I saw him in my brief glance.
I smiled. The plan was working. I thought to grab the phone and text Mark that I had Ted occupied, but decided against it. Too risky, and it would slow him down. But it was nice knowing Ted was outside, rather than in his house while Mark was working.
For ten minutes I made movements behind the curtain, and procrastinated as much as possible. Finally, I turned off the water, and pulled the curtain slightly back, on the end nearest the shower head. I was still behind the curtain and betting Ted was anxious to see if I would step out naked. I bet he had his camera ready, too. But then I heard a voice.
"Amy!"
It wasn't Mark. It was Eric, my boyfriend. I hollered back, pulling the damp towel off the rod. "In the shower!"
Why was he here. This was not a good time. Eric darted in the bathroom (I should have locked it) and shouted at me. "Heya, babe!" Then there was a short pause. "Oh, uh... what's all this?"
He must have been referring to the mess on the floor, and the open window. I went with the current lie, while staying behind the curtain. I was drying myself off with the already-damp towel. "We're renovating. What are you doing here?"
"I had to see you. Now that you're in the shower, all the better."
Before I could respond to anything, the curtain was pulled completely back, Eric smiling broadly before me. The towel was in my hands, but I was otherwise stark naked in front of him... and the window... and Ted Kazinski... and Ted Kazinski's camera. In the corner of my eyes, I caught the lens reflecting from it. No doubt Ted was fast at it, snapping away. I snatched the towel up, covering my torso.
"Oh, why do that?" Eric smiled wider. "Give that here. I'll dry you off."
I wanted to protest, but laughed nervously instead. "Maybe we should do this in the bedroom," I said. He was tugging at the towel and I was trying to stop him from exposing me, but to no avail. Finally, I let go. Fuck it. At least it isn't video, I thought.
"The bedroom? No, I can't wait. It's been almost a week, Amy!"
"But babe... this room is a mess and, uh.. the uh.. window..."
Eric had visited enough to know that the window did not face the street. He glanced over to it, and because he wasn't fishing for anything, only saw the blackness outside reflecting the light in the room. He turned back to me. "Ah, the window," he said, in a low, sexy voice. "Think someone is watching? Wouldn't that be so hot?" He winked.
Oh my god, he had no idea. "Hot" was debatable. Knowing I wasn't getting the towel back, I stepped out, moving closer to Eric. If anything, I could use him to cover myself from Ted and his damn camera. I was about to lead Eric out of the bathroom, and to my bedroom, when he yanked on his button fly in one, fluid motion, unsnapping all of them simultaneously. His stone-hard cock popped into view, and he pushed me to the floor. "Come on, baby. I've waited all week."
Eric's sizable cock was right in front of my face. Before I could object, Eric shoved me into it and instinctively, I opened my mouth. Was I doing this? Couldn't I just stop it? I wanted to stop, but I found myself enticed to stay, too, allowing Eric to pump his thick rod into my mouth. By now, Ted had already taken photos of me naked. Whatever Mark erased, would be replaced with this footage, and held above our heads now.
But then an idea hit me. No doubt, Eric's and my actions would keep Ted glued to the window. Posting pictures online might have been an unenforceable crime (if it even was considered a crime at the time), but there were clear 'peeping tom' laws. I could text Mark and have him call the police. I could keep Eric in the bathroom, and Ted at the window, until they arrived.
Pushing against Eric's leg, I un-gagged myself from his cock. "One second, babe. I need to text someone, then you can have me right here and now."
"Aren't you sweet. Who ya texting?"
"My brother. Just a quick text." I was already on the floor and reached over, grabbing the phone off the floor where I'd left it. I flipped it open and zipped a text explaining the situation. I had to trust he would get it. I put the phone back down and looked up to Eric. "So how about it?"
"Finally!" he beamed. "Uh, you wanna go to the bedroom?"
"NO!!" I screamed. "Here. Right here!"
"Aren't you the impatient one?" Eric laughed, grabbing my right wrist and pulling me up like there was nothing to it. I was still unaccustomed to his considerably strength, yet I always felt safe with him. Even now, as he spun me around and pushed me toward the window. Instinctively, I pushed back, but I was too easy to toss around for him. I was practically hyperventilating as he effortlessly pressed me forward, my tits squishing into the glass.
"Too bad the window doesn't face the street, right, babe?"
To Eric, this was a game. He had no idea our neighbor was watching, just inches away outside the window. Eric likely thought the risk of anyone seeing us was extremely low. He was just playing a fantasy.
Of course, being this close to the glass, I could see straight into the side yard. I witnessed Ted ducking down, off to the side of the house, just next to the window, but still peeping out towards me. Thinking on my feet, I turned my head the opposite direction, away from him, pressing my left cheek against the glass. I looked up, as if in ecstasy. In seconds, I felt Eric's cock sliding into my pussy.
He leaned forward, running his fingers up my back and whispered, "I'm going to fuck you. Hard. Right here, for all to see, and there is nothing you can do about it. You're going to be my little slut. Keep an eye out for voyeurs. Invite them in if you like."
Eric loved to talk dirty, and often pushed fantasies into our bedroom activities. Our relationship was new, but Eric and I were very sexually compatible, open to exploring many things. We fell in hard and fast because of it, but outside of the robust and fun sexual games, we were still getting to know each other. There were many things we didn't see eye to eye on. Things that were important to us. Hence, one more reason I hadn't wanted to impose drama in the relationship with Ted's bullshit.
Eric began pumping fast. I knew, at this rate, he'd have us both cumming within a couple of minutes, at the most. Eric was great at quickies, typically followed by a short rest, and then a much longer encore. Unfortunately, this was too fast. We would be done before any cops would arrive in time. I needed to make this last.
"No!" I screamed. "Fuck me like a lady. Slow it down. I want to feeeeel you." I closed my eyes and brought my head down, biting my bottom lip.
Eric followed my demands, bringing us into a slow rhythm. My tits pressed onto the glass with each motion, making my nipples appear stretched and wide. I dared not look out the window, but I bet Ted saw every square inch of my flesh. The way my legs were spread, taking Eric's meat, made everything easily seen, at any angle.
"You have ten minutes," I said, firmly.
"Ten minutes for what?" asked Eric.
"I challenge you. Keep your cock in me, right here, for ten minutes without cumming... and I'll let you do anything you want with me. Any fantasy. I don't care what it is."
"ANYTHING?" Eric almost screamed. "And a challenge, to boot? Oh my, I can never pass up a challenge." I loved how he talked to me, like there was nothing to it, as he pumped his long, stiff cock in me, back and forth.
"Anything," I reaffirmed.
In truth, I just wanted enough time to pass for the cops to show up. Surely, they would arrest the peeping tom and confiscate his camera, and destroy any pictures that were taken. But secretly, I also loved the idea of Eric getting to do whatever he pleased to me. I wondered what it would be.
And finally, whether I liked it or not, I was totally getting off on the idea of being watched while fucking my boyfriend, regardless of who was doing the watching. Just knowing Ted was all hot and bothered by it, made me that much wetter.
Eric never changed the pace. He started counting down the minutes, warning me that I might have gotten into more than I had bargained for. It took everything in my power not to cum on his rod on multiple occasions. He felt so perfect in my pussy.
At eight minutes in, I was beginning to worry that either Mark hadn't received my text, or the cops wouldn't show in time, when all of a sudden, bright lights beamed out into the side yard and voices yelling loudly could be heard.
"YOU! There! Stop right there!"
Eric was utterly shocked and jumped back, pulling me with him. We toppled over each other, to the floor. More muffled voices outside made it clear that two or three cops were at the scene.
"Hands behind your back, sir!"
"Yes, that's him sir," I now heard my brother's voice.
"A camera, too, huh?" I heard another one say.
Ted was protesting, but being ignored at the moment. All the while, Eric and I scrambled to our feet, me finding the towel to wrap myself, and him, pulling his clothes back on. I bolted out of the room, screaming, "In my bedroom getting dressed!"
"What the fuck was that?" shouted Eric behind me.
Five minutes later, Eric and I went outside and walked around to the side of the house. Ted was standing, handcuffed, with his camera at his feet, between two burly police officers. One was considerably larger than the other. Mark was standing nearby, talking to them.
"Ah, good," said the larger cop as we approached. "Amy, is it? Amy, we need you to clear this up."
"Uh, yes... okay," I said.
"It appears your neighbor was taking photographs of you while you were in the bathroom."
"What?" I feigned ignorance.
"That's right. And don't worry, it's one of those new digital cameras. We will delete the files and remove the drive."
"Thank you," I said, looking down.
"Unfortunately, there isn't much else we can do. We got a call about a peeping tom, but after seeing this evidence, it appears we may have a pair of exhibitionists on our hands. Your neighbor claims he just happened to see you from his house, and that's why he got the camera."
I immediately wanted to interject with the truth, but then realized I would only embarrass myself in front of Eric. "Um.. we, uh.. well-"
Eric stepped up, "Sir, it was me. All my fault. I saw my girlfriend in the shower... and well, I am sure you can understand... one thing led to another. I assure you, if I thought we were offending anyone, or if we were like, facing the street, I wouldn't have done that."
"Maybe," said the shorter officer. "But I think you can understand that Mr. Kazinski didn't go out of his way to witness your actions. You made them obvious. While we can debate legalities, I think this problem best goes away if you two behave yourselves..." then he turned and pointed to Ted, "... and you keep out of their business. You're both in the wrong here."
That was it? No arrest? No punishment? Ted saw Eric's cock driving in and out of me, and he gets to hang on to that memory without any repercussions whatsoever? I glared him down. Surprisingly, he didn't look away, like the sniveling coward I expected him to be. Instead, he just stared back at me with a creepy grin.
Eric saw the interaction. "That will be agreeable, officer. Can one thing just be known, though?"
"Yes, sir?"
"I am assured you will do your best to destroy the files, but if those pictures are found anywhere online, let it be known that I might beat that man within an inch of his life." Eric pointed at Ted.
"Are you threatening him, sir?"
"No, just stating wild hypotheticals. I mean, if something like that happened, I would turn myself into the police, of course. But hypothetically, that might happen."
The larger officer stepped forward and held his arm over his partner's chest. "You know, that's good enough for me. I'm confident this will end right here."
If anything, I guess Eric and I got away without getting in trouble, but I still felt shorted. Then Mark spoke up. "By the way, Ted. The video is deleted, too."
With the light shining from the bathroom, and the cops with their overwhelming flashlights, I saw the shock in Ted's face the moment my brother said the words. I also saw the look of confusion on Eric. I sighed, breathing out heavy. "I'll explain everything later. It's clear I should have gotten you involved sooner, though."
"Involved in what?"
I stepped in closer, whispering into his ear. "I promise. I'll tell you everything, after you make good on that deal. I think you went the full ten minutes."
Eric grinned, pulling back and winking at me again, like he always does. It makes my heart melt. Finally, he turned to the officers. "Thank you, gentlemen. And you... uh... neighbor man... I don't expect any trouble from you, right?"
Considering the size difference, even a trained fighter would not feel good going against Eric's threat. Ted was downright frightened and shamed. "Uh... no, sir," he said. "It's just that... well.. it was never my fault this all started, and-"
"I don't want to hear any more from you," interjected Mark. "Just go home and leave us alone."
"But what about the dinners? I can still come to those, right?"
My jaw didn't drop fast enough. Eric spoke for us. "Uh, sir. You better go, and never communicate with these two again. Is that clear?"
"Yes, sir," said Ted, dejected. The cops seemed pleased by our interactions and they were shoulder slapping each other.
I turned back to Eric, "We have business to attend to." I'd gotten so crazy horny and wet from tonight's events, I needed to get fucked now. And I couldn't wait to discover how.