It was late Saturday night and Bambi lay in her bed, exhausted and happy. She had spent the entire day moving into her apartment. For the first time in her life she wasn't living with her parents. She finally had a place to call her own.
Actually the apartment wasn't her place alone. Her parents had only agreed to the idea of her living in an apartment as long as she shared it with another female, someone they knew and trusted. That obviously meant Cassi. Bambi and Cassi had been best friends since first grade. Now as 22 year old women, each with a job, they shared a 2 bedroom, 2 bath apartment.
While Bambi and Cassi were both cute and sexy, they were different in several ways.
Bambi had blonde hair, blue eyes, large breasts, curvy hips, and a fabulous smile. She was well aware that she fit the stereotype of a dumb blonde. She wasn't as smart as Cassi. However, Bambi was very skilled in the art of flirting and getting what she wanted. She knew what assets she had, and she used those to her advantage.
Bambi worked as a front desk clerk for a large convention hotel in the heart of the city. She had been hired to be eye candy for the primary clientele - businessmen who attended the conventions and business meetings held at the hotel. Between her looks, her flirtatious skills, and her attention to the work details, she was a real asset to the hotel.
Needless to say, Bambi could get a date with almost any man she wanted. And she could also get almost any man she wanted into bed. Now that she had her own bed, in her own room, in her own apartment, Bambi looked forward to adding to the list of lovers she had experienced.
Cassi was the type of woman that a young man would take home to meet his parents. She was beautiful with wavy long brunette hair and dark eyes. While her breasts and hips were not as pronounced as Bambi's, she had a sexy, attractive figure. She was smart and ambitious. Currently she worked as a waitress in a downtown restaurant, near the hotel where Bambi worked. The flexible hours and great tips enabled her to attend the local community college where she was working on a degree in nursing.
As to men, Cassi was looking for a 'Mister Right' whom she could marry. She was selective with whom she dated, and often had longer term relationships than Bambi's. That wasn't difficult as some of Bambi's relationships were the one-night type.
Their apartment was in a young-adults complex. It was convenient to shops and restaurants, and was on the bus route that took both of them downtown to their work and school locations. Some of the apartment complex residents were married or couples living together. The others were singles, some attached to a significant other, and some playing the field.
Cassi had a boyfriend, Mike, whom she had dated for a few months, but she wasn't ready to move in with him. Bambi was one to play the field and avoid commitments. She thought having a fuck-buddy or two was the greatest concept of modern society. Her current fuck-buddy of choice was Ryan, someone who would come and please her when she needed a good fuck, but who otherwise left her alone without any commitments, allowing her to date and have sex with others.
As Bambi lay in bed, the silence was broken by a soft noise, a humming sound, or more like a buzzing sound. Then she heard moans of pleasure from the other side of the bedroom wall. Bambi then knew that the buzz was from a vibrator, and the moans were from Cassi. The moans rose slowly to a crescendo and then crashed, once, twice, three times over the next twenty minutes. By the time Cassi had her second orgasm, Bambi was fingering her own pussy, enjoying the simple pleasure while listening to her friend. Bambi wondered how much Cassi's enjoyed her orgasms.
Then Cassi's room went silent. Soon thereafter Bambi fell asleep.
- - - - -
The next morning, Bambi got up and went into the kitchen, totally naked, the way she always slept. Cassi was there, dressed only in a t-shirt and panties, looking in the refrigerator at the few food items they had brought as they moved in the previous day.
When Cassi heard Bambi enter, she turned to see her roommate. She was surprised, not only that Bambi was naked, but that Bambi was so casual about being naked. Cassi also noticed that Bambi was completely bare around her pussy and thought to herself that maybe she should also shave down there, as she often had to trim the hairs of her full bush that showed when she wore a bathing suit.
"If you walk around like that , I may just jump your bones." Cassi remarked.
Cassi and Bambi were always verbally playing with each other. But Cassi also had a secret crush on Bambi, feelings and desires she had never shared with her best friend.
"If you were going to do that, you would have done so already." Bambi replied with a laugh.
Cassi decided to take that challenge and she made a move. She stepped forward in front of Bambi, wrapped her arms around her friend, and gave her roommate an open mouthed, full tongue kiss. In addition to the kiss, each could feel Cassi's 34C tits pressed against Bambi's 36D tits, separated only by Cassi's t-shirt. All these feelings made Cassi's body tingle.
Bambi was totally caught off guard by Cassi's advancements. She froze, then appeared to melt into the kiss. Then, unsure of what they were doing, she suddenly pushed away, her hands on Cassi's breasts. Hands that lingered a bit longer than necessary.
They locked eyes upon one another, both their minds processing a million thoughts. What just happened? How did they feel? What did the other think? Might this be a major change to their relationship? Each had these and many more thoughts.
Bambi was the first to speak, fumbling for what to say.
"I didn't know you were such a great kisser. What got into you?"
"Seeing you all naked and sexy like that got my motor running." Cassi replied.
"Oh, I heard your motor running last night." Bambi replied with a chuckle.
"Huh?" Cassi was perplexed.
"I heard your vibrator last night." Bambi explained. "We must have thin walls."
"You heard that?" Cassi inquired.
"All three orgasms. That last one must have been a whopper." Bambi answered.
Cassi blushed and tried to recover quickly.
"You know Mike's out of town. A girl has to do what a girl has to do." Cassi explained, more than happy to be discussing her self-pleasure activities rather than trying to explain the kiss she had just given Bambi.
"Whatever." Bambi replied.
Cassi then asked, "Now that we have our own place, should I expect to see Ryan here often?"
"Not much. Maybe once or twice a week. Ryan's just a fuck buddy. He's not a keeper. Not a long term thing. I'll continue to see other guys. " Bambi answered, and then added, "And what about Mike coming here to see you? How often will that happen?"
"Some." Cassi replied. "Maybe we need to discuss some rules for having guys in our apartment."
"And sometime we need to discuss that kiss you just gave me." Bambi added as she turned and walked back towards her bedroom. "For now, I need a shower."
- - - - -
After showers and breakfast, the two women walked to the local market to buy groceries for their apartment. They also bought a couple of six-packs of beer. They rationalized their beer purchase as every young woman who intended to entertain a man in their apartment, needed to have a supply of beer. It didn't hurt that they also enjoyed drinking beer themselves.
After shopping, they both put on their bikinis and headed out to the pool. Bambi wore a very skimpy red string bikini that revealed a lot of flesh. Cassi wore a more modest bikini that made her look sexy, but covered her more. The pool was obviously the center of the apartment complex's social scene. Some number of young adults were already in and around the pool. Someone had music playing from speakers set in their open apartment windows. There was more than one ice chest of beer. People chatted, flirted, and playfully made contact with members of the opposite sex.
As Bambi and Cassi were obviously newcomers to the complex, many of the others introduced themselves. The guys who were unattached, were hitting on Bambi and Cassi. Bambi was basking in the attention, and enjoying flirting with the guys. Cassi played it cool and told everyone that she had a boyfriend. She spent more time talking with the other females, learning more about who was who, and all the local gossip.
Later in the evening, the sun was setting and the residents filtered back to their apartments. Bambi and Cassi eventually returned to their apartment, took showers, dressed and sat together in the living room. Cassi wore running shorts and a camisole top. Bambi wore only lace trimmed thong panties.
"Really?" asked Cassi. "Is that all you're wearing? What if someone comes to the door? What will you wear when Mike comes over?"
"I thought you liked looking at my tits?" Bambi asks coyly. She was looking for a reaction, still wondered about the kiss Cassi gave her that morning.
"Maybe I do." Cassi replied, trying to be vague. She was unsure how Bambi would accept her advances. "But I think that most times, you should be a bit more covered."
"OK." Bambi replied. She was disappointed that she wasn't likely to learn more about Cassi's feelings. She rose and walked towards her bedroom, swinging her hips as she walked. She sensed that Cassi was watching her cute ass, and wondered if she really wanted to tease her roommate.
"How about we order a pizza?" Cassi called out to Bambi.
"Yeah! Do that." Bambi replied from her bedroom.
Using an App on her cell phone , Cassi placed the pizza order.
Bambi returned to the living room wearing a short pleated skirt and a tight t-shirt. She obviously was not wearing a bra and her nipples were very visible.
"So miss smarty pants." Bambi addressed Cassi. "What other rules do you have in mind for our apartment?"
"I think that when either of us are intimate with a guy, it should be done in the bedroom." Cassi offered.
"What! No sex while I'm bent over the back of the sofa?" Bambi said sarcastically while actually meaning it. Bent over the sofa or a chair was one of her favorite ways of being taken.
"You wouldn't want me, or me and Mike to walk in on you having sex in the living room, would you?" Cassi asked in reply.
"Mmmm. That would be a bit kinky." Bambi said with a sly grin on her face. And then she added, "OK. If you insist. No sex in the living room."
"And we need a way to know if there's a guy in the apartment." added Cassi. "Some sort of sign."
"You mean like a sock on the doorknob? I hear guys do that in the college dorms." Bambi replied. "Or maybe a 'Sex In Progress' sign on the door?"
Both laughed at the idea.
"We don't want to tell the world we're having sex with someone." Cassi answered. "We need something we can see as soon as we enter the door."
"I could drop my panties on the floor just inside the door. They are usually the first item I take off when I'm about to have sex." Bambi suggested.
Cassi just stared at her roommate in disbelief.
Bambi quickly continued. "Oops. That won't work. Sometimes I lose my panties before getting home. You wouldn't believe how many panties I've lost in the backseat of a car."
"You slut!" Cassi said in mock disgust as she playfully slapped Bambi on the leg. She was well aware of Bambi's sexual escapades.
Cassi continued. "We have this cute flower pot near the door. It is red on one side and green on the other. We could turn the green side to the door meaning 'Go, all's clear' or turn the red side to the door to mean 'Stop, man in the apartment'.
Bambi nodded in agreement.
At that moment, the doorbell rang.
"Must be the pizza." said Cassi.
"I got this!" announced Bambi as she jumped up and answered the door.
A young man was holding the pizza, likely a college freshman delivering pizza as a summer job. He handed Bambi the pizza as she gave him the money. Bambi set the pizza down and turned back to the open door. The delivery guy was just standing there, gawking at her chest and her nipples which visibly poked out the thin fabric of her shirt.
Bambi got a naughty idea. She reached down and grabbed the hem of her t-shirt and pulled it up to her neck, fully exposing her large tits to the young man. His eyes got wide and his mouth fell open. Bambi held that a moment, and then pulled down her shirt.
"Shows over! Thanks for the pizza." she announced as she closed the door.
"Oh. . . . My . . . . God!" exclaimed Cassi slowly. "I can't believe you did that! What if he was underage?"
"All the delivery drivers have to be at least 18 for commercial liability coverage." Bambi replied. "It was just a quickie titty flash. No big deal. Besides, he'll tell all the other delivery drivers about the special tip he got. I bet we'll have the best delivery service for the rest of the summer."
"But we'll have to flash our tits for all of them." pleaded Cassi.
"I don't have a problem with that." replied Bambi. "It should be a lot of fun. Did you see the way he stared?"
Cassi just shook her head in amazement and then took a bite of the pizza.
- - - - -
Later that night, the roommates had gone to bed. Tomorrow would be another day of work and school, and they needed some sleep. It had been a weekend of work on Saturday as they moved into their apartment, and some amount of fun on Sunday out by the pool. They both were happy with their new apartment.
Bambi anticipated that Cassi would be masturbating again with her vibrator. She had her own vibrator ready to join her roommate from the other side of the wall separating their bedrooms. As soon as Bambi heard the buzz of Cassi's vibrator, she turned on her own vibe and held it to her slit.
"I hear that." Cassi said as she continued to pleasure herself.
"Maybe I wanted you to." replied Bambi.
Each had similar thoughts. Neither had ever masturbated with another person. They weren't in the same room, but they could hear each other. As their arousal increased, each became more vocal, moaning out loud in pleasure. Hearing the other only increased their own arousal.
"Oh god. I'm so horny." moaned Bambi.
"Me too. Damn this feels good!" replied Cassi.
Over the next several minutes, they kept masturbating. The buzz of vibrators continued as their moans and comments became louder and more frequent.
"OH FUCK! I'M CUMMING!" said Bambi in a loud voice as she climaxed.
"FUCK! FUCK! FUCK!" replied Cassi as she had her orgasm just moments later.
The situation was a new, surreal experience for both. Each became more aroused knowing that the other was just a few feet away on the other side of the wall, using a vibrator as they were, to produce intense sexual self pleasure.
After a few quiet moments, Cassi heard Bambi's vibrator buzzing again.
"Another?" Cassi asked, surprised that Bambi was still horny.
"First one felt so good, fuck yeah I want another one." Bambi replied as she began to moan.
Cassi joined her and again they masturbated together, each in their own room. They both had several great orgasms before collapsing into sleep.
- - - - -
The next morning Bambi and Cassi prepared for work and school. Initially they didn't speak about their shared masturbation experience the night before, unsure how the other might react. They took the bus together into downtown, Bambi heading to the hotel where she worked, and Cassi heading to the community college campus for her morning classes. She would later be at the restaurant for her waitress duties.
As they got off the bus, about to walk in different directions, Bambi finally spoke about the previous night.
"Really hot stuff last night." Bambi said.
"We need to do that again." Cassi replied.
"See you later back at our place." Bambi added as she walked away. She knew that she would be home a couple of hours before Cassi finished her dinner shift at the restaurant.
Work was uneventful for Bambi, but she kept thinking about how erotic the masturbation had been the night before. Her pussy tingled all day. She didn't think she was gay, or had any sexual interest in other women, but she couldn't stop thinking about what she and Cassi did together, even in separate rooms.
By mid afternoon, Bambi sent a text message to Ryan: "Need you bad. My new place. 9:00."
Likewise Cassi also thought about the shared masturbation experience all day long. She knew she had some special feelings for her best friend, but she wasn't sure if she wanted sex with Bambi, or what. That kiss Sunday morning had been very nice. At least she wanted to do that again. And she had watched Bambi's rear when her roommate walked away from her the previous day. She remembered thinking that Bambi had a really nice ass.
But what were Bambi's feelings? Cassi didn't want to cross some line and lose Bambi as a friend and roommate. Cassi knew she wanted to be with Bambi, to see her as soon as she could. She couldn't wait for her shift to be over and to get home as quickly as possible.
Ryan arrived at Cassi and Bambi's apartment promptly at nine o'clock. Bambi had stripped down to her bra and panties. Her hand had been inside her panties, fingering herself for several minutes. She was horny, very horny, and needed Ryan to fuck her hard. Once Ryan was inside the door, Bambi pulled him back into her bedroom. In a moment, she had stripped naked.
Ryan removed his clothes quickly, recognizing that Bambi was in a hurry. As he pulled down his pants and underwear, Bambi fell to her knees in front of him and wrapped a hand around the base of his cock, intent on giving Ryan a quick erection. Bambi licked and sucked his cock, all the while fondling his large balls. Ryan was well endowed and she wanted him especially hard. Bambi appreciated that he could fuck her to several orgasms before having his own climax. And that is what she needed right now.
Cassi arrived at the apartment about 9:30. Immediately after opening the front door and entering, she could hear Bambi's voice from her bedroom.
"Fuck Me! Fuck Me! Fill my cunt with your cock!" Bambi was quite loud with her exhortations.
Bambi's vocalizations only confirmed to Cassi that Bambi was a slut. Regardless, Cassi still loved her friend.
Cassi quickly became horny while listening to Bambi and Ryan having loud, noisy sex. She went to her own bedroom, stripped naked and lay on her bed. While Ryan was ramming his larger than average cock into Bambi's cunt, Cassi was in the next room fingering her own pussy.
Bambi screamed, "OH FUCK! I'M CUMMING" as her third orgasm of the evening ripped through her body. Then Ryan could be heard groaning as he had his own orgasm.
Cassi was desperately finger fucking herself trying to have an orgasm as quickly and as quietly as possible. Frustratingly, she just wasn't quite able to get there. Mentally, she was very conflicted. She was happy that Bambi was having such hot sex. But Cassi also had a feeling that she wanted to be the person having sex with Bambi and sharing an extraordinary experience. Frustrated, she gave up trying to have an orgasm, even though she was very horny. She put on shorts and a tank top and went to the kitchen to find a bite to eat.
"Hey Cassi." Ryan said as he came out of Bambi's room and was heading towards the front door.
"Hey Ryan." Cassi replied. Cassi and Ryan knew each other through Bambi, but didn't know each other very well. But they were always polite with each other.
"I hope we weren't too loud." Ryan said, wishing Cassi hadn't heard much.
"These walls are thin. I think I heard every orgasm. Sounded like you two had a bang-up time." Cassi replied as she smiled at Ryan.
Ryan was a bit embarrassed that Cassi had heard so much. "I gotta go." he said as he hurried out the door.
Just after Ryan left, Bambi came out of her bedroom wearing only a pale green sheer thong. Her skin was flushed and her hair was mussed.
"Fuck! I needed that." Bambi stated proudly.
"I'm glad someone got laid." Cassi said sarcastically. She was still frustrated by her own unsatisfied arousal.
Bambi was strutting her stuff, so pleased she had some great sex. She was aware that Cassi was watching her.
"Can't you put some clothes on?" Cassi asked while staring at Bambi's sexy body.
"Don't you like looking at my hot body?" Bambi said.
"You know I do. And that is the problem." Cassi replied. "I need to study." she added as she went into her own room.
"Sounds like someone else needs a good fuck." Bambi murmured as Cassi passed by.
- - - - -
The next day Cassi was very happy because Mike was back in town and she wasn't scheduled to work at the restaurant that night. He contacted Cassi and asked her out for dinner and she, in turn, invited him over to see her new apartment afterward.
Mike picked up Cassi after work and they had a great meal in one of her favorite restaurants. It was about 9:00 when they arrived back at her apartment. Bambi was watching TV in the living room. Cassi was relieved that Bambi was decently dressed in a cute top and a coordinated pleated skirt, even if was somewhat short. After some polite chat with Bambi, Cassi lead Mike back to her bedroom.
It wasn't long before Bambi could hear Mike's voice from Cassi's bedroom.
"Oh fuck, Cassi. That feels so good." Mike said. "God I love the way you suck my cock."
A short while later, Bambi heard more of Mike's voice, a bit louder.
"Oh God! Oh God! Oh GOD! I'm cumming! I'm cumming!" His voice grew louder with each utterance.
There was near silence for about fifteen minutes, and then Bambi could hear the bed squeaking and bumping against the wall. Bambi knew Mike was now fucking Cassi, and they went at it for a good twenty to thirty minutes.
A while after the noise stopped, Mike hurried out of the bedroom, said goodnight to Bambi, and left the apartment.
Cassi, taking a cue from Bambi, came out of her bedroom wearing skimpy bikini panties and nothing else.
"Damn! I needed that." Cassi stated, rephrasing Bambi's line from the previous night. "A great bout of sex sure makes a girl feel a lot better, doesn't it?"
Bambi was a bit aroused from listening to Cassi and Mike having sex. She looked up at Cassi and thought how sexy Cassi looked. Bambi even felt some desire to have Cassi, though she had never looked at another female that way. She felt a subtle tingle in her pussy and tried to ignore it. But she couldn't help but look at her sexy roommate's body. And Cassi couldn't help but notice Bambi's stare.
"Yeah! Sometimes a good fuck is just what the doctor ordered." Bambi replied. "I must say that you are hot stuff. All this sex around here is making me horny. I wonder if Ryan can make a house call tonight?"
Cassi sensed that Bambi was feeling something for her and she sashayed over in front of where Bambi sat on the sofa. Cassi stood there, her pussy barely hidden by the skimpy panties, and her bare breasts on full display. Even her nipples her hard. Her breasts were not as large as Bambi's, but when her nipples were stiff, they extended out more than Bambi's.
"So you finally think I'm hot stuff?" Cassi asked.
Bambi was having mixed feelings at the moment, a sexual desire for Cassi, and confusion that she had never desired another woman before. She attempted to play it as straight as she could.
"Just saying you are sexy looking. I think you could make any cock hard." Bambi replied. In her mind she added the thought, 'and any pussy wet', aware her own pussy was becoming damp.
"I'll take that as a compliment." Cassi replied. She wondered what feelings Bambi had for her.
Bambi decided to change the topic.
"Do you swallow when giving Mike a blowjob?" Bambi asked.
"What?" Cassi was shocked by the question, and a bit embarrassed.
"I heard Mike say you were sucking his cock. Then there were several minutes before the two of you were fucking. I assumed he blew his load from the blowjob and needed time to recover. So I wondered if you swallowed his cum?" Bambi was being logical and using a matter-of-fact tone in her voice.
Cassi lowered her head as she was blushing.
"Yes." Cassi replied softly. "I swallowed every drop. I'm a cum slut and love to swallow a big load of hot sticky cum. And besides, it only takes a while before I can make him hard again. Then he has staying power and fucks me deep and hard for a really long time. I really like that."
"I do the same thing." replied Bambi. "Men love for me to suck their balls dry and I swallow all their cum. Easiest way to make them do anything I want."
Cassi was looking at Bambi and was happy that Bambi didn't think poorly of her for being a cum slut. And Bambi had admitted that she also swallowed when giving a blowjob.
"Yeah, suck their cock and they will do anything." Cassi replied as she turned and walked towards her bedroom. It was late and she needed to her rest. She was aware that she gave Bambi a great view of her ass, just as Bambi had done to her the other day.
Cassi and Bambi had difficulty sleeping that night as they were thinking about the other. Could there be a sexual attraction between the two roommates? Who would make the first move, if at all? And how far might they go?
Bambi masturbated with her fingers and tried to remain as quiet as possible. She didn't want Cassi to believe that she was masturbating about her, even though it was Cassi she was thinking about as she had a very satisfying orgasm.
- - - - -
The next day both attempted to play it cool with the other, but inside each felt a sexual yearning for something they wanted, but were afraid to initiate. After work they had dinner in their apartment and watched some TV together.
They both wanted to go to bed early. Each had a growing desire to masturbate with their vibrator, as neither had a real male cock available to satisfy their sexual needs. Their timing was an incredible coincidence. Both turned on their vibrators at the same time, smiling when they heard the other's vibrator come on at the same time.
"You too?" asked Cassi.
"Yeah." replied Bambi from the other side of the wall.
Soon both girls were moaning while they used their fingers and the vibrators to stimulate their pussy and clit.
"Oh! Oh! Oh!" moaned Cassi as she continued fingering her clit while the vibrator was working deep inside her pussy.
"Fuck, I'm horny." replied Bambi as she was fucking herself with the vibrator.
"Me too. So horny!" exclaimed Cassi, her voice a bit louder. "Damn! I need to cum!"
"Oh God! Oh God! Oh God!" Bambi was pleading while trying to climax.
This back-n-forth exchange continued for a few minutes. Each was working their hardest to achieve an orgasm. Both were incredible horny, on the edge, but their orgasms were just out of reach.
"Are you as horny as I am?" asked Cassi in an exasperated voice.
"Fucking yes!" replied Bambi with frustration in her voice.
Suddenly Cassi pulled the vibe out of her pussy, jumped out of bed and ran into Bambi's room.
"What?" exclaimed the startled Bambi.
"We're doing this together." Cassi announced as she climbed onto the foot of Bambi's bed, faced her roommate with legs spread open and put the vibrator back to her clit. She held the vibrator there while pinching her nipples with her other hand.
Bambi stared at her roommate and followed suit, holding her vibrator with one hand and squeezing her tit and nipple with the other hand.
"Fucking hot!" exclaimed Bambi as her arousal increased greatly. She was using the vibe on her clit while intently watching Cassi.
"Incredible!" replied an excited Cassi who had her vibe inside her pussy, and a thumb on her clit while she watched Bambi pleasure herself.
Soon both were having an incredible orgasm, their bodies trembling uncontrollably.
"OH MY GOD! OH MY GOD! OH MY GOD!" Cassi kept screaming.
"FUCK! FUCK! FUCK!" screamed Bambi in reply.
They both collapsed back onto the bed, their heads at opposite ends. Each was breathing hard, almost gasping for air.
"Damn! that was intense." announced Cassi.
"Fucking intense!" replied Bambi.
They lay there in silence for a few minutes while their orgasms subsided.
"You know, it was really erotic watching you do yourself." Cassi admitted.
"You were incredibly hot yourself. I was so horny I was afraid I would never cum. Watching you pushed me over the edge. That was incredible. Thank you." replied Bambi.
"Thank you too." Cassi said as she swung her legs over the side of the bed and rose to her feet. "Good night. Sweet dreams." she said as she returned to her own bedroom.
They both thought about what had just happened, and wondered what it meant for their friendship, their relationship.
As each had just experienced an intense, body wrenching orgasm, both were soon asleep.
- - - - -
The next morning they had a light breakfast together before heading into the city.
"Last night was intense." Bambi admitted, hoping that Cassi agreed.
"An incredible orgasm. Thank you for helping me." replied Cassi.
"Think we'll do it again?" asked Bambi, still unsure if she wanted Cassi to answer 'Yes' or 'No'.
"I hope so." Cassi replied with a sly smile on her face.
"Does that make us lesbians?" asked Bambi.
"I don't think so. We didn't touch each other. We didn't kiss. I don't think we were actually making love to each other. We just masturbated together." explained Cassi.
"I also hope we do that again." Bambi replied.
- - - - -
Another night Bambi and Cassi decided to order a pizza to be delivered. Ordering pizza delivery had become a regular thing for the two women. Bambi was having great fun flashing her tits at the delivery guys, and watching their expressions. Some had delivered a pizza more than once, and knew what to expect. They appeared more eager for their 'special tip'. One even had his cell phone ready to take a picture, which he did after Bambi gave him permission.
That evening when Bambi opened the door, she was met by a delivery girl holding their pizza. She was very pretty with blonde hair and blue eyes like Bambi. She also had an ample chest under her pizza company polo shirt. She appeared to be about 18 or 19 years old. Bambi knew she had to be at least 18 to have this job.
Bambi was a bit disappointed as she enjoyed flashing the delivery boys and watching their reactions. She took the pizza and paid for it. The delivery girl just stood there, looking at Bambi.
"What?" Bambi asked.
"I've heard you give special tips." The young blonde replied.
"Do you know how I tip?" Bambi questioned her.
"I've heard in great detail, even seen a photo." She replied with a smile on her face.
Bambi was intrigued by what the girl was implying, that she wanted to see Bambi's tits. Bambi decided to do it. She faced the girl and pulled up her t-shirt, flashing her tits at the girl.
The delivery girl smiled and then pulled up her own shirt and bra, exposing her own firm, and only slightly smaller tits. They stared at each other a few moments. Bambi was shocked at what was happening.
Cassi was away a few feet but could see what was happening. She squealed in pleasure and clapped her hands.
"Bravo! Bravo!" Cassi cried out.
Bambi and the delivery girl quickly pulled down their shirts. The delivery girl adjusted her bra back in place.
"Thank you for the tip." the delivery girl said as she turned to go.
"What's your name?" Cassi called out. "We hope to see you again!"
"Amy" the girl replied as she walked back to her car.
"What the heck?" Bambi asked Cassi as she closed the door.
"That was a lot of fun. I wonder if she will share that with the others back at the pizza shop?" Cassi asked.
"Let's eat." Bambi replied, not sure what to think about what has just transpired. Never before had she been flashed by a female stranger.
- - - - -
A few days later, Cassi had Mike over to the apartment after work for drinks and some fun. She knew that Bambi was having drinks after work with the girls, and would be home later, possibly before she and Mike had finished. Cassi did turn the flower pot to show the red side, indicating 'Man in Apartment'.
When Bambi arrived home, she noticed the red side of the flowerpot. She figured that Mike was there with Cassi. She quietly headed to her own bedroom to change into more comfortable clothes. As she walked by Cassi's room, she saw that the door was cracked open a couple of inches. Bambi paused and looked in, seeing Cassi and Mike on the bed making out, clothes partially removed. For a moment, Bambi thought that Cassi looked towards the open door and saw her. Bambi quickly moved on, towards her own room.
Bambi changed from her work clothes into shorts and a t-shirt. As she left her own room, she could hear Cassi's voice.
"Lick me. Lick me Mike. Eat my pussy!" Cassi was moaning in pleasure.
Bambi felt compelled to look in the slightly opened door. She saw Cassi, naked on her back with legs spread wide open. Mike was kneeling between her legs, his head between her thighs, presumably licking her pussy. Cassi's hands were resting upon Mike's head, and she glanced at the doorway. As she saw Bambi looking in the door, Cassi smiled and gave a 'thumbs up'. She then laid her head back as Mike continued to orally pleasure her.
"Oh Mike! Oh Mike!" Cassi called out between moans of pleasure.
Bambi placed a hand under her t-shirt and began to play with her nipple. She watched as Mike rose up on his knees and moved forward while pointing his hard cock at Cassi's glistening wet pussy.
"Fuck me Mike! Fuck me hard!" Cassi urged her boyfriend.
As Mike slid his cock into her, she gasped, moaned, and urged him on.
Bambi lowered her hand and slid it inside her shorts and panties. She slightly spread her legs and was fingering her pussy as she watched Mike and Cassi have sex.
While Mike was fucking Cassi, he was apparently unaware that Bambi was watching.
"Oh! Oh! OH! I'm going to cum!" Cassi exclaimed.
Mike was thrusting into Cassi's pussy faster and faster. Mike and Cassi were panting, gasping for air. Bambi could see a sheen of sweat forming on Mike's back. Cassi wrapped her legs around Mike's backside, pulling her pussy up into his thrusts.
"FUCK! FUCK! FUCK!" Cassi screamed. She wrapped her arms tightly around Mike, holding him tight with her arms and legs.
Mike was groaning as he continued thrusting his cock into her cunt.
"OH GOD!" Cassi screamed as her orgasm began to rip through her body.
Mike stopped all motion as Cassi vagina was clenching around his cock.
"Oh God Mike! Fill me with your cum!" Cassi yelled.
Cassi's tight pussy grip around Mike's cock triggered his orgasm. His cock began spurting cum inside Cassi's pussy.
Bambi watched as the couple held each other as their orgasms consumed them and then began to subside. She was very aroused. Her pussy was throbbing and was very wet. She went back to her bedroom, pulled down her shorts and panties, and began to pleasure herself with her fingers. Within a few minutes she was also experiencing a great orgasm.
After she rested a while, Bambi finally got up, dressed and stumbled into the kitchen to get a drink of water.
"Oh! There you are." Cassi said as she came up behind Bambi. "I'll take some water also."
"Is Mike still here?" Bambi asked.
"No. He just left." Cassi replied.
Bambi handed Cassi a water. There was an awkward pause as they looked at each other.
"So, how much did you see?" Cassi asked as she broke the silence.
"You two are hot!" Bambi replied. She was reluctant to admit how much she had witnessed. She turned towards Cassi, to see her standing there wearing only pink bikini panties. She stared at her and looked over her body.
"What about our dress code?" Bambi asked, trying to steer the conversation away from her voyeur activities.
"Sorry, I'm too hot to wear much." Cassi replied while striking a sexy pose. "But if you wish, I'll put on some clothes." She shifted her stance from one leg to the other, her hips shifted to the other side.
"No, you are okay." Bambi replied as she continued to stare at her roommate.
"So how much did you see? You avoided the question." Cassi pressed her question.
"I saw from the time he was eating your pussy through the time you both orgasmed." Bambi replied. "Looked so hot! I got so horny I had to rub myself to a quick orgasm."
"Ooooo. What a perv you are!" Cassi said.
"Don't you give me that, you little tart. You left the door open for me to watch, and called out so I knew you were there, and what you two were doing." Bambi replied.
"Guilty, as charged." Cassi admitted as she shifted her pose, aware that Bambi was looking at her.
"So was that as good as it looked?" Bambi turned the tables to make Cassi talk about the experience.
"Honestly? Knowing you were watching made that some of the hottest sex I've ever had." Cassi replied.
The two women sipped their water and continued to look each other over. They each wondered what the other was thinking, and neither was really sure of their desires.
They wished each other good night and went to their own bedrooms.
- - - - -
Another night Cassi and Bambi were home and discussing their evolving relationship. They were both enjoying the increased sexual nature of their interactions, particularly watching each other masturbate or watching the other having sex with a boyfriend. As neither had sex for a few days, they were both looking for a release.
"I was horny all day. Mike is again away. Care to play with me?" Cassi asked Bambi.
"Play? How so? You want to masturbate together? Watch each other? That is hot, isn't it?" Bambi replied.
"Not as good as a real cock, but a close second." Cassi replied.
"Your room or mine?" Bambi asked.
"Mine this time." Cassi replied.
The two roommates rushed to their bedrooms, stripped naked and grabbed their toys. They met in Cassi's bed, sitting and facing each other.
"Which do you like the best?" Bambi asked. Cassi had many more vibrators and dildos than did Bambi.
"This is my favorite vibrator for my clit." Cassi responded while holding a small ladyfinger vibe. "Very intense. But sometimes I want something to fill and stretch me, something to give me a good hard fucking. Then I use this." She held up a dildo that was quite thick, had bulging veins, and was at least nine inches long.
"Oh, that looks like it would feel really good." responded Bambi while holding Cassi's dildo. "It's larger than anything I have."
"Why don't you try it? It's clean." Cassi offered. "I'll use my seven inch vibrator."
Each began by fingering their clean-shaven pussy to get their fluids flowing. Bambi especially needed to loosen up and get really wet to accommodate the size of the dildo. Cassi was quickly ready and began using her vibrator on her clit and occasionally sliding it inside to stimulate her G-spot. Cassi watched with interest as Bambi was slowly attempting to insert the big dildo into her pussy.
"This is the largest item I've ever attempted." Bambi claimed. After getting the head of the dildo into her opening, her vaginal muscles appeared to relax, allowing Bambi to push more of the fake cock inside.
"That stretches me. A bit painful initially but turns into incredible pleasure. Trust me." Cassi urged Bambi on while continuing to pleasure herself.
Bambi was taking it slow, but progress was being made. She was pumping the dildo in and out, about an inch at a time.
Meanwhile Cassi was quickly approaching her orgasm. Watching Bambi use the dildo that Cassi knew so well raised her arousal and accelerated her climax.
Bambi became more aroused watching Cassi orgasm, but was still slow to pleasure herself.
"Let me help you with that." Cassi blurted out after her own climax subsided. She surprised herself by offering to help her roommate achieve orgasm as she had never done anything like this with another female.
Bambi was also unsure about having Cassi assist with her sexual pleasure. Before she could protest, Cassi had moved between her legs and replaced Bambi's hand on the dildo with her own. Bambi laid back and simply accepted the situation, spreading her legs wider and raising her knees. She felt herself relax and her pussy become more accepting of the large intruder.
"See. Isn't that better?" Cassi asked. She could tell that it had become easier to slide the large toy into Bambi's pussy.
Cassi was using longer strokes with the dildo. With the thumb of her other hand she started to twiddle Bambi's clit, which drew an immediate gasp of breath from Bambi. Cassi was really enthralled by the sight of Bambi's pussy as she pushed the dildo inside her friend.
"Oh, fuck." Bambi hissed softly. She was quickly becoming aroused. "That feels so good, Cassi."
Cassi was aware that her own pussy could only accept about seven inches of the dildo. She wondered how much Bambi's pussy could take. Currently Cassi was sliding only a bit more than half of the nine inches into Bambi's pussy.
"How are you doing?" Cassi asked her friend and roommate. "For me, this feels really good when I fill myself. How much more can you take?"
"Oh god. This is beginning to feel really good. It is stretching me like nothing ever before. But I think I can take more." Bambi said between short gasps for air. "Shove that cock in me. Fuck me, Cassi. Fuck me."
Bambi's command made Cassi realize that she was in essence, fucking her friend.
Cassi was closely watching Bambi's pussy as she pushed the dildo in and out. The sight of her wet swollen pussy lips stretching around that thick dildo was making Cassi's pussy throb. She took a firm grip of the base of the dildo and pushed it deeper into Bambi's pussy with each inward thrust. She continued to rub Bambi's clit which had become quite pronounced.
"Oh Fuck!" screamed Bambi as she began to writhe on the bed, her hands clenching the covers.
Cassi stopped, concerned that she had hurt Bambi.
"Oh Fuck! Don't stop. Don't stop Cassi." Bambi implored her friend. "That hurts so fucking good. Fuck me. Fuck me harder."
Cassi quickly resumed fucking her friend with the large dildo. Soon her fingers holding the base were making contact with Bambi's crotch. Almost the entire nine inches of the dildo was inside Bambi's cunt. Cassi was now thrusting the dildo into her friend as hard and as deep as she could. She also began a twisting motion on the inward and outward strokes.
"Oh God!" screamed Bambi. "Fuck me! Fuck me! Fuck me!"
Bambi was flailing on the bed, her body twisting and turning, her arms beating against the bed. Cassi had never seen or experienced anything like this. Not only was Bambi extremely aroused, Cassi was also very horny again.
"Fuck! Fuck! Fuck!" Bambi continued, followed a pause and then by a very loud, "OH FUCKING GOD!"
For an instant, Bambi's body froze motionless, then she began to shake uncontrollably as her orgasm exploded inside her pussy and quickly rushed through her body. Cassi attempted to hold the dildo in place, most of it still inside her friend's pussy.
"OH CRAP!" Bambi yelled between gasps for air as her body was consumed in one of the most intense orgasm she had ever experienced. She shook for over a minute before the orgasm began to subside and she collapsed flat on the bed.
Cassi was concerned that Bambi was actually hurt. She leaned over her friend to look closely at her face. Bambi opened her eyes, saw her friend just inches away, and smiled.
"Fucking fantastic. Thank you." Bambi said in a soft voice.
Bambi then reached up and pulled Cassi's head down, giving her the best passionate kiss she could at the moment.
"Glad you enjoyed that." was Cassi's reply. She had been pleasantly surprised that Bambi had given her such a kiss.
Cassi took hold of the base of the dildo and slowly pulled it out of her friend. The toy glistened with Bambi's girl cum. Cassi held it close to Bambi's face where she could see it.
"You took all of this girl. You have a fucking large pussy." Cassi said.
Bambi smiled just before she fell asleep.
Realizing that Bambi would likely sleep quite a while, possibly all night in her bed, Cassi rose and went to Bambi's bedroom. She fingered herself to a quick orgasm while thinking about her own dildo filling Bambi's cunt. Then she fell asleep in Bambi's bed.
- - - - -
The two female roommates wanted to make it clear to the other, and to themselves, that they preferred sex with men, even though they enjoyed their play with each other. Their male partners received the benefits of the women's desires for sex, and lots of it. Cassi continued to have sex 2-3 times a week with Mike, leaving the door ajar so that Bambi could steal a peek.
Likewise, when Bambi and Ryan would have sex, Bambi left her bedroom door cracked open a bit so that Cassi could watch. Ryan caught on that Bambi was enabling Cassi to watch them having sex. He thought that was really hot and welcomed Cassi as a voyeur, as if he and Bambi were having a sex performance for Cassi. Several times a week Bambi and Ryan had sex with Cassi watching, and pleasuring herself.
Cassi and Bambi really enjoyed the various forms of sexual play with each other. They continued to masturbate together, often masturbating the other with toys or their fingers. But they seldom kissed each other. It seemed to both roommates that they resisted crossing the line to activities that would make them appear to be gay or lesbians. But their activities pushed up against that boundary, and likely crossed it in the opinion of others. They rationalized that they were not having sex with each other, just helping the other have an orgasm. No harm in that.
- - - - -
One Saturday things changed. It all began with the customary apartment pool gathering.
That weekend gathering of the young adults at the apartment pool was the wildest ever. The music was louder and there was considerably more free beer as a group of guys had provided three cold kegs of beer. More people attended, there was considerable dancing around the pool, and play in the pool. Someone organized a chicken fight contest in the pool, each team consisting of a girl sitting on the shoulders of a guy. It didn't take long before the first bikini top was removed, then another, and another. Soon most of the females were topless and none bothered to put their top back on.
Cassi and Bambi were fully participating in the activities. Each was drinking, dancing, and playing in the pool. Bambi in particular loved being topless and showing off her fabulous tits. She spent a lot of time in the pool, playing up next to the guys who took the liberty to grope her breasts or grab her ass. She relished this attention and returned the play by groping their cocks through their swimsuits. The men were more than happy to fetch another beer for Bambi.
Ever since that night when Cassi used her largest dildo on her roommate, Bambi had been in the search of a new fuck buddy, one with a large, thick cock. The freewheeling pool party gave her just the right opportunity to check out the goods of many men. Her inebriated state lowered her inhibitions. She was wild as she flirted and played with the guys.
Bambi was particularly attracted to Ben, one of her apartment neighbors. He was tall with an athletic build. She felt that he had what she desired, a large cock. She flirted and teased him for quite a while in the pool until he asked if she wanted to join him back in his apartment. She quickly agreed.
Ben and Bambi got out of the pool, toweled themselves dry, and she followed him back to his apartment. Inside, he immediately took her in his arms and they began to kiss passionately. He groping her ass and she responded by groping his cock. Then she got down on her knees in front of Ben and pulled down his swimsuit. She was thrilled to see the size of his cock, easily eight inches long and possibly as thick as Cassi's big dildo. She licked and sucked his cock with total abandon as she fondled his large balls. Ben moaned in the attention while his cock grew larger and very hard.
Bambi was excited about the size of his cock. Her body tingled all over in anticipation, and her pussy was aching for a good fuck. Soon Ben had a rock hard erection.
"Enough of this! I need to fuck!" Ben declared as he pulled Bambi up to her feet and then bent her over onto the dining table, her big breasts and sensitive nipples pressed into the table. He quickly pulled down her bikini bottom and tossed it aside as he spread her legs. He felt her pussy, discovering that she was already very wet.
Bambi was trembling in anticipation. Her pussy was quivering and very wet. Sucking his cock had made Bambi very horny, yearning for Ben to fuck her. And now he was just about to do that.
"Do we need protection?" Ben asked, showing some concern for Bambi.
"I'm on the pill. I assume you're clean." Bambi replied. "Fuck me now!"
Ben didn't need anything else. He stood behind Bambi still bent over the table and put his cock head at the entrance to her pussy. He rubbed the head over her wetness, to add lubrication, and then began to shove his cock into her.
They both moaned in pleasure. Bambi was surprised how easily her pussy stretched, allowing his cock to enter her pussy.
"Fuck! You have the wettest pussy I've ever had." Ben declared as he stroked his cock in and out of her cunt.
"And you have the biggest cock I've ever had." Bambi managed to say between gasps for air. "God that feels good."
Ben continued thrusting his big cock into her pussy. His hands were on her hips, holding her in place while he fucked her. She was gripping the sides of the table, gasping every time he thrust his cock deep into her, filling her, stretching her. Ben had started slow, then picked up the pace of his thrusts. His cock ached in pleasure, just as her pussy throbbed in a pleasurable pain.
"Fuck me Ben! Fuck me hard!" Bambi pleaded.
Ben wasted no time in fucking Bambi as quickly and as deeply as he could. It didn't take long before her orgasm began.
"Oh Fuck! I'm cumming!" Bambi screamed. Her vaginal muscles were clenching his cock.
"Oh FUCK!" Ben said as he thrust his cock deep into Bambi's pussy one last time, and he held it there as his balls pumped his seed into her.
Bambi could feel his hot cum filling her, and it felt so wonderful. She squealed in pleasure.
Just as quickly as he fucked her, it was suddenly all over. He pulled his cock out of her, pick up his swimsuit and put it back on. He handed Bambi her bikini bottom, the only item she wore when they had come to his apartment.
"That was a great fuck! I hope we do this again." Ben said as he held the door open for them to return to the pool.
"Hmmmm." Bambi purred. "Maybe I'll let you."
She was teasing him, as she hoped he would become another of her regular fuck buddies.
As they walked back to the pool, Bambi could feel some of his cum leaking out of her pussy. But her swimsuit was still wet from the pool, so she was certain there wouldn't be a new visible wet spot. She could still feel a throbbing in her pussy, and it felt very good.
Soon Bambi was back in the pool, participating in more of the chicken fights. The playful activities resulted in lots of body contact with guys and gals, and she frequently felt hands touching her, feeling her, groping her body. She tingled in excitement.
A bit later, after another tumble and water soaking, Bambi and her teammate Luke were off in a corner of the pool talking. Luke's friend Tom joined them, bringing more beer for all. Bambi was thoroughly enjoying the party. She was quite drunk and feeling very playful. Her hands were on the shoulders, arms, hips of the men. The men had hands on her, often her breasts, hips and her ass. Each time one of the male hands groped her breasts or crotch, she reciprocated by groping their crotches, squeezing the cock of one or the other. She was becoming sexually aroused and was considering which of these two men she wanted to have sex with next.
At the same time, both of the men were growing in desire to have sex with Bambi. Each was wondering how this would be resolved, hopefully to their own benefit.
Bambi thought of a plan.
"Which of you have the closest apartment? I need to use the Ladies room." Bambi asked while having a hand on each of their cocks through their swimsuit.
"Mine's closer." Tom quickly replied, thinking that he had just won her favor.
As they all turned towards the pool stairs, Bambi stepped between the two men and wrapped her arms around each of theirs.
"Will you both escort me to Tom's place?" she asked as they moved forward.
Suddenly both men realized what she appeared to be offering, she wanted sex with both of them. Leaving the pool, each wrapped a towel around their body. Tom lead the way to his apartment. Upon entering Tom's apartment, Bambi went straight to the bathroom.
A couple of minutes later, Bambi walked out to the living room, totally naked, her bikini bottom in her hand.
"I saw no reason to put this back on." Bambi said as she draped the swimsuit bottom over the back of a chair.
"Bedroom is back here, right?" She said as she turned and strutted towards the bedroom. Tom and Luke quickly followed, pulling off their own swimsuits as they went.
As the two men entered the bedroom, their semi-hard cocks bouncing in front of them, Bambi stepped forward and took a cock in each hand.
"I didn't get to inspect these closely while in the pool." She said as she dropped to her knees and looked closely at each cock. The two cocks were a bit different, Tom's being a bit longer, and Luke's being somewhat thicker. While stroking Luke's, she licked and sucked on the Tom's cock. Then she switched, stroking Tom's while sucking Luke's. It didn't take much before both cocks were quite hard. She suddenly rose and got on the bed, laying on her back, legs spread open with her knees up and bent, offering her pussy to the men.
"Who wants to help pussy get ready?" Bambi asked, indicating her pussy could use some attention.
Tom was the quickest to dive between her legs and plant his face in her crotch. Within seconds Bambi could feel his wet tongue licking her slit, occasionally sucking one labia or the other. She held his head in her hands, pressing him firmly into her crotch. Luke stood to the side, watching and slowing stroking his cock.
After enjoying Tom's oral ministrations for a few moments, Bambi pulled his head out from between her legs.
"Fuck me Tom." was all Bambi said and he was quickly moving between her legs, his hard cock sliding into her wet pussy. As he was pumping in and out of her, he took one of her nipples into his mouth and was sucking on it as his hand crudely groped her other tit. Bambi realized that Tom wasn't experienced in making love to a woman, but for a quick fuck he would suffice.
Bambi looked over at Luke and waved her hand at him, indicating for him to stand next to the bed within her reach. When he was close enough, her hand replaced his hand and she stroked his cock, all the while Tom was fucking her as quickly as he could. Bambi could tell that Tom was going to cum before she had her orgasm, and she was glad she had another cock to pleasure her.
Soon Tom was grunting and groaning, his orgasm approaching. With one final thrust of his cock into her pussy, he climaxed. Throwing his head back he let out a yell. His cock pumped three large spurts of cum into her, followed by three smaller spurts. He laid upon her for a short while and then she nudged him off her body. He pulled out and stood up, leaving for the bathroom to clean his messy cock.
Bambi still had a hold of Luke's cock. Once Tom had left the room, she turned to Luke.
"That was so-so as a warm up. I hope you can do better." Bambi told Luke in a sultry voice.
Luke laid down on the bed next to Bambi. They cuddled and kissed, each running a hand over the other's body. Bambi knew immediately that Luke was a far more sensitive and caring lover. Her pussy throbbed in anticipation. She loved the way he kissed her.
After several minutes of foreplay, Bambi's cunt was aching for another cock. Bambi sat up, and gently pushed Luke onto his back. She swung a leg over him, raised up on her knees, straddling his body. Reaching between her legs, she found his hard, thick cock and pointed it at her opening. She lowered herself down upon him. His cock filled her cunt snugly. She moaned in pleasure.
Once Bambi bottomed out, Luke's cock fully inside her, she sat there a few moments, smiling down at Luke.
"Damn! That's tight! Feels really good, doesn't it?" Bambi asked. Luke only smiled and nodded in reply.
Instead of raising up and down on Luke's cock, Bambi chose a different method to fuck him. She rocked her hips forward and backward, changing the pressure points of his cock in her cunt, while all the time having his thick cock fully inside her.
"Ohhhhhh." Luke moaned. He closed his eyes and lay his head back. He was obviously enjoying how Bambi was riding him.
Bambi started with a slow rocking of her hips. Then she picked up the amount of motion, rocking harder and harder on his cock.
Luke reached up and took one of her tits in each of his hands and began massaging them.
It was Bambi's turn to moan. "Ohhhhhh. Yeah, like that." she said. Bambi was getting incredibly horny and she greatly anticipated a fabulous orgasm. Luke's thick cock was stretching her pussy giving her a little pain and a lot of pleasure. She hope that she and Luke could cum together. As she rocked hard on his cock, she could feel her climax approaching.
"Cum with me. Cum with me. I'm about to cum." She told Luke between gasps for air. She was being very physical in her motion, grinding on his cock as hard as she could. A sheen a sweat was forming on her flesh. Soon she was rocking back and forth as hard and as quickly as she could. Her whole body was a blur of motion.
"Oh fuck! Oh Fuck! OH FUCK!" she screamed as her orgasm hit. It was an incredibly intense orgasm that shook her entire body. Her vaginal muscles clenched tight around Luke's cock, sending him over the edge. As he climaxed, his cock was spewing cum like a fire hose inside her.
"OH FUCK!!" Bambi screamed, even louder as she felt the flood of hot cum filling her cunt. She grabbed hold on Luke's arms to steady herself as she felt a bit faint from the intensity of her orgasm. The sensations of pain and pleasure radiating out of her pussy were something she had never experienced.
Luke was also overwhelmed by his own orgasm. He was breathing heavily. He lay there enjoying the orgasm that washed over his body. Bambi sat frozen in place on Luke's cock for several minutes as they regained their composure as their orgasms receded.
"Fuck! That was insane!" Bambi exclaimed.
"Fucking yeah!" Luke agreed.
Bambi could feel Luke's cock soften a bit, so she rolled off of him and lay on the bed next to him. Her legs were spread wide open and her knees were up in the air. Her gapping pussy was fully exposed as Luke's and Tom's cum slowly leaked out, creating a large wet spot on the bed.
After a moment, Bambi cupped her crotch with her hand as she rose and went directly to the bathroom to clean away as much of the excess cum as she could, but her pussy kept leaking. Still cupping her pussy she went out into the living room, grabbed her bikini bottom and attempted to put in on in the most lady-like fashion, which was unusual after what she had just done with Tom and Luke. Without another word, she rushed out of the apartment and headed straight for her own apartment wearing only her bikini bottom.
Cassi was still out by the pool, but was planning to call it a day and head home. She had been searching for her bikini top, eventually finding it torn in pieces, likely the result of it being roughly removed in the midst of a chicken fight. She wrapped her towel around her body and looked up just in time to see a mostly naked Bambi walking quickly from one apartment towards their own apartment. 'I bet she has a story to tell.' thought Cassi as she watched her roommate.
When Bambi reached their apartment, she went straight to her bathroom and stared at herself in the mirror. She was surprised at her appearance. Her hair was a complete mess from the repeated soakings in the pool, and three fucks. Her skin was still flushed from the intense sex. Her make-up was smeared. Her nipples were hard and extended. She looked well fucked. She smiled at herself.
Bambi felt pleased with her day, having sex with multiple men in one day, which was a first for her. The throbbing in her pussy continued. It was very pleasurable, even as her pussy also ached from being very well used. She felt and looked like a slut, and she loved it. She thought about showering and cleaning up, but decided instead to enjoy her slutty self and to have another beer. Still wearing only her bikini bottom she got a bottle of beer from the refrigerator and sat on the sofa her legs splayed open. She was still leaking cum into her bikini bottom, now making a visible wet spot.
And that was the vision of Bambi that Cassi saw when she entered their apartment.
"Whoa!" Cassi exclaimed. "Looks like you had a wild day. Let me get a beer and you can tell all about it."
Cassi dropped her towel and got a beer. She joined Bambi on the sofa, each wearing only their swimsuit bottoms.
"What an incredible day." Bambi exclaimed and took another swig of her beer.
"A lot of fun." Cassi said. "Looks like you got fucked." Cassi added as she saw the growing wet spot on the crotch of Bambi's bikini bottoms.
"You don't know the half of it." Bambi said with a sly grin on her face.
"Oh? Tell me more." Cassi said with some interest.
"I got fucked not once, not twice, but three times today" Bambi began. She took another drink of her beer. "Ben, our neighbor, banged me in his apartment. He has a really nice sized cock. Stretched my pussy and filled it with his cum. Later Tom and Luke took me back to Tom's place and each fucked me. Fucking Luke was much better than Tom, by the way. But Ben is even better."
"What a slut you are!" exclaimed Cassi.
"And what about you, Miss Goody Two Shoes?" asked Bambi. "Did you get fucked?"
Cassi shook her head. "No sex, just fun in the pool with the boys.
"But I bet you've done a slutty thing or two in your life." added Bambi. "Tell me about the sluttiest thing you've done."
Both drank more of their beers. The two roommates had been drinking all day and were somewhat drunk. Their inhibitions were low. Bambi moved closer to Cassi and put a hand on her thigh, slowly sliding it up until she was touching Cassi's covered pussy.
"Tell me something about you that I don't know." Bambi whispered in a sultry voice into Cassi's ear.
Cassi had a good buzz going with the beer she had consumed. Bambi's fingers felt really good, so she spread her legs to give Bambi better access.
"You attend the two-year high school reunion a couple of years ago, didn't you?" Cassi asked, knowing the answer.
"You know I attended." Bambi answered. "That was one of the craziest parties ever. Glad it was held in a cheap hotel. Many people had rooms and there was a lot of sex."
"That was Suzy's idea. You remember Suzy don't you? She was part of the reunion planning committee." Cassi continued.
"Yeah, I remember Slutty Suzy. She had quite the reputation." Bambi replied, wondering where this was leading. "So she suggested using a cheap hotel just to make it easier for people to have sex?"
"Yes, that was Suzy's idea, and to make the point, during the six month planning period, she had sex with everyone else on the planning committee. She was always wild." Cassi added.
"Really?" Bambi asked. "The whole committee? You mean all the boys and all the girls?"
"Yup, EVERYONE on the committee." replied Cassi, with emphasis on the word 'everyone'.
"Wait a moment! YOU were on the planning committee." Bambi said exclaimed.
Cassi smiled back coyly.
"You had sex with Suzy? How?" Bambi was getting worked up about the story. "Did she eat your pussy? Or fuck you with a toy? Maybe with a strap-on?"
"She ate my pussy. And I ate her pussy as well." Cassi replied calmly as if it was an everyday occurrence.
"You ate pussy, and never told me?" Bambi inquired.
"Back then we didn't broadcast all our sexual escapades." Cassi replied. "And it was a one-time thing."
"A one-time thing? Have you thought about doing it again?" Bambi was very curious.
"I've thought about it." Cassi replies with a sly grin.
"Really? With who?" Bambi was more curious.
Cassi stared at Bambi as if the answer was obvious. After a moment, Bambi remembered their passionate kisses and sexual play together.
"With me?" Bambi asked in a surprised voice as another light came on in her head.
Cassi leaned over and pressed her lips against Bambi's lips. Their mouths opened and their tongues playfully touched each other's. Cassi was pleasantly surprised that Bambi was accepting this kiss. And Bambi still had her hand on Cassi's crotch, lightly stroking her pussy through the fabric of the swimsuit. Cassi put her hand on Bambi's breast, softly caressing it. Bambi offered no resistance. Both Cassi and Bambi moaned in the kiss.
Thoughts and questions were racing through Cassi's mind. She wondered if she and Bambi were moving into a new sexual phase of their relationship? How far might they go together?
Cassi also couldn't stop thinking about Bambi having sex with three men in the past few hours. Did any of the men use condoms? Bambi's pussy appeared to be leaking cum. Cassi was horny from all the day's activities, touching the men, and being touched and groped by the men. As a cum slut, Cassi couldn't stop thinking about eating a cream pie, something she had never done, but had thought about many times. And now Bambi's pussy might be an extreme cream pie. Cassi had to make her move.
Cassi broke their kiss and pulled back a little, staring at her friend, her roommate, and potential new lover. They both were breathing heavily, and staring at each other with a longing look in their eyes. Cassi felt a strong desire to have Bambi, and hoped that Bambi felt the same way about her.
"There's something I want to do to you." Cassi told Bambi in a loving tone of voice.
Bambi just smiled back at her friend. At this point, Bambi was willing to allow Cassi to do anything she wanted.
Cassi slid off the sofa onto the floor next to Bambi's leg. While staring into Bambi's eyes, Cassi reached up to Bambi's hips and slowly pulled the bikini bottom off of her friend. Bambi offered no resistance and even helped by raising her ass off the sofa to make the removal easier. As Cassi removed her friend's swimsuit, she caught a glance at the cum stain on the inside of the bikini crotch. She stared at Bambi's pussy and could see it had been well used. The labia were red, puffy, sloppy wet and gapping open. Cum was still leaking out. Cassi felt a tingle of excitement and anticipation knowing that Bambi's pussy was indeed full of cum.
Cassi looked up at Bambi's face while she moved between Bambi's legs, took hold of Bambi's hips and moved her crotch closer to the edge of the sofa. Cassi lowered her face within a few inches of Bambi's pussy. Cassi could smell the odor of pussy juice mixed with male cum. Indeed Bambi had been fucked hard that day and her pussy was wrecked.
The anticipation for Cassi was intense. She could hardly believe what she was about to do. She had longed to eat Bambi's pussy for a long time. And now a bonus as Bambi's pussy was full of hot male cum.
Cassi paused and looked one last time into Bambi's eyes. Bambi just smiled and nodded her head. Bambi was also feeling intense tingling throughout her body, especially in her pussy. Bambi wanted this, but couldn't bring herself to ask for this. She was ecstatic that Cassi made the first move.
Cassi moved closer and extended her tongue, lightly grazing Bambi's swollen and sloppy wet pussy lips. Both girls moaned. Cassi continued with several soft, slow licks of her friend's slit. Bambi opened her legs wider and rotated her hips to give Cassi even better access to her pussy.
Cassi's tongue pressed firmer against Bambi's labia, and poked into her pussy, causing Bambi to gasp.
"Oh that feels wonderful." Bambi moaned as she placed her hands on Cassi's head. Many men had given Bambi oral before, but nothing had felt so electric as this moment.
Cassi heard Bambi moan, and felt her hands on her head. She took both as signs of approval, even encouragement to continue. She pressed her face into Bambi's pussy, inhaling the intoxicating aromas, and licked Bambi more fervently. Her tongue scooped out some of the male cum and she swished it about in her mouth. The taste and texture was exquisite. The act of eating Bambi's creampie was so decadent and so exhilarating. Cassi's body trembled in excitement and pleasure.
"Damn girl! You taste incredible!" Cassi said before diving her tongue back into Bambi's sodden gash.
"Eat my pussy! Eat me! Lick me!" Bambi cried out in joyful pleasure.
Cassi wanted more cum. She inserted two fingers easily into Bambi's opening and scooped out more cum and licked it off her fingers. She repeated the process several times, making sure to make contact with Bambi's G-spot each time. Cassi then inserted two fingers and twisted them around inside, in essence scrapping cum off the insides of Bambi's vagina. While doing these finger insertions, Cassi was sucking on Bambi's clit, driving her friend crazy.
It appeared that Bambi's orgasm was approaching, so Cassi doubled down on licking and sucking on Bambi's clit while now finger fucking her with three fingers.
"Fuck! Fuck! FUCK!!" Bambi screamed as her orgasm slammed into her body. She began shaking violently, bucking Cassi's face away from her pussy. Cassi was thrilled that she was able to give her friend such a beautiful orgasm. She watch intently as Bambi's pussy clenched again and again. She still had three fingers buried in Bambi's cunt and held her thumb pressed against Bambi's clit.
Bambi was gasping for air and still thrashing about as her orgasm refused to let go of the her. Bambi pushed Cassi away, forcing her fingers out of Bambi's pussy. Finally Bambi was able to catch her breath, relax her body, as her orgasm finally subsided.
"Fuck girl! That was intense." Bambi told her best friend.
Cassi was sitting back on her heels, just watching Bambi, as she licked her fingers clean. She knew she had done well. And the creampie was simply incredible.
"You can do that anytime you want." Bambi added without really thinking.
"I would love to do that anytime." Cassi quickly replied as she rose up and took a seat next to Bambi, holding her friend in an embrace.
They sat and held each other, occasionally giving the other a quick kiss, as the physical effects of the powerful orgasm wore off. Eventually, Bambi backed away and began to move off the sofa onto the floor.
"My turn." Bambi said quietly, but with a resolute voice.
"You don't have to do that." Cassi replied. "I wanted to eat your pussy. I wanted to eat a creampie, and it was more than I expected to be able to do that. You don't have to do me back."
"I've known for some time that this day was coming." Bambi began. "Maybe since the day we first moved in and you gave me that hug and kiss, I knew we would eventually be pleasuring each other like this. I want to do this. I need to do this."
Bambi reached up and pulled Cassi's swimsuit bottom off, exposing her friend's puffy wet pussy lips.
"Looks like someone is already getting ready for a licking." Bambi said while licking her own lips.
"Guilty. I must admit that eating your pussy was long a dream of mine. Eating you pussy made me very horny." Cassi replied.
"You know I've never done this." Bambi said as she moved into position. "Bear with me, my friend."
"I know you'll do fine. You know where my clit is. You know how to find my G-spot. I'm sure I will like whatever you want to do." Cassi replied as she relaxed and spread her legs even further open.
Bambi began licking Cassi's pussy. The first contact was electric for both of them. Cassi was really charged that her best friend, Bambi, was finally going to lick her pussy. Bambi was equally charged tasting Cassi's girl juices. Soon Bambi was lapping away on Cassi's clit while she had two fingers inside Cassi's pussy, turned upwards, raking over her G-spot. Cassi was in heaven. The sexual stimulation was incredible. She attempted to hold back her climax, hoping to prolong the event, and make it even more powerful. But eventually Bambi's persistence won out and Cassi had a fabulous orgasm. Cassi's pussy gushed with girl juices, and Bambi lapped up all she could. Bambi's face was covered in pussy juice, and she loved it.
It took several minutes for Cassi to come down from her orgasm. Then the two girls kissed ever so tender and lovingly. Both their faces and mouths were covered in sex fluids. It was so erotic. Their pussies kept tingling. They sat next to one another, hugging each other while completely exhausted and sexually satiated.
"Does this make us lesbians?" Bambi asked.
"No, I don't think so." replied Cassi. "I still prefer men, and I assume you do also."
"Of course I prefer men, no knock on you. But sex with you is just a very different thing." Bambi said.
"Do you think you want to have sex again with a women? Was this a one-time thing, or maybe curious to try this again?" Cassi asked.
"Yeah, curious may be accurate." Bambi reflected.
"So I don't think we are considered bi-sexual. Maybe we are bi-curious." Cassi stated. "But being bi-sexual means you have twice as many potential sex partners. Something to consider"
"I wouldn't know how to find another girl for sex, other than you, Cassi." Bambi admitted.
"You don't have any problem finding men for sex." Cassi stated.
"But every man wants to have sex with me. I just have to select which ones I want." Bambi replied. "How would I know if another woman was interested?"
"Remember Amy, the Pizza Delivery Girl? You flashed her and she flashed you." Cassi explained. "I bet she would want some of what we just had."
"Oh, Yeah. Right." Bambi smiled as she remembered the cute young blonde.
"I bet we could both have fun with her. A threesome." Cassi proposed.
"Oh My God! I couldn't ever consider that." Bambi was shocked by the idea.
"How about a threesome with me and a guy, Maybe Ryan? Do you think he would like to do both of us together?" Cassi was now teasing her friend, but also exploring what options might be agreeable to Bambi.
"How would that work?" Bambi inquired, possibly interested in the idea.
"You lick my pussy while Ryan fucks you from behind." Cassi explained. "Or maybe you riding Ryan's cock while I sit on his face."
Bambi was shocked at these ideas, but didn't flatly reject any of them.
"Or you could have sex with two men at once." Cassi proposed another idea.
"How do you even think this stuff up?" Bambi asked.
"Porn videos. People having sex all sorts of ways." Cassi replied.
"I have a lot to learn." Bambi admitted.
"We can learn together. Summer has only begun. " replied Cassi.
Cassi gave her new lover a big sloppy wet kiss.
It would indeed be a summer of sex.