Nick Benson and his hired Nanny Willa Pryce returned home from her shopping spree. Exhausted they had parted ways with her new best friend "Ashleigh". They would keep in touch and get together again soon.
For now Author Nick Benson needed sustenance and a hot shower. He was still torn over yesterday evening when he had received a text from his new nanny Willa Pryce concerning her teasing of his son Jesse. A temptation that went way too far. She had failed Nick's order to not to have sex with his recently turned 18 year old son. It wasn't her intention of going that far but her giving nature led her to trust the boy too much. It lasted over two hours
As Nick stepped into the house from the garage he was met by the alternative Daycare Provider "Charlotte" holding his baby daughter Grace. Fatherly he claims his baby and loves on her to a maddening set of infant giggles.
As the playfulness ceased, son Jesse rapidly stomped downstairs to greet his dad.
"Hey Dad, I have a favor to ask."
"Favor? You just got home from school three days ago. Can't you just sit at home and relax awhile?" Nick scowled.
"Oh, I wasn't asking to go out or anything. I was hoping I could have a couple classmates come over for a pool party. Just two guys. Eighteen like me."
"We'll see. Your Mom gets home in a week. You can ask her."
"Aww Man! You know Mom will bug us by baking cookies and treating me like I'm ten. Can't we do it this weekend?"
Nick grimaces, "Fine. Two friends. No more."
"Awesome. Maybe Willa would like to join us." Jesse winks at her.
This made Willa shy towards Nick who glared at her as she stepped through the garage door with her bags of clothing. A deer in headlights suddenly.
Nick forces baby Grace into Jesse's arms after catching wind of a stench most foul, "Go change your sister's diaper."
Grossed Jesse groans loudly and takes her upstairs to her room.
Pausing to thank the elderly Charlotte he pays her in cash and sends her home.
Once out of range Nick stands in front of Willa with a dark gloom about him.
"I'm really sorry Nick. He suckered me and I fell for it. He's more aggressive than he let's on. I couldn't help myself after it got started. You said you weren't angry." She felt the need to explain herself once again.
"For the final time, I'm not angry. This has story possibilities to it. Just try harder "NOT" to have sex but I'll allow your teasing."
"He thinks he's blackmailing me. Saying that he will tell you we had sex and get me fired, if I don't play with him more. He and his friends."
Nick rubs his goatee in thought. He was nagged by his son's devious nature.
"Let's let him believe he has you in a corner. Play along for now. Besides I seriously doubt he would tell me that. He knows I would ground him until the retirement home. His not mine."
Her eyes widen, "Does that mean sex if he wants it?"
Nick closes his eyes to avoid snapping at her. A moment to breath he redefines his earlier statement.
"Try not to as much as possible. Play hard to get until I have time to consider all of this. I need a shower. Can you make me a cheeseburger and fries? I feel like grease."
She nods, "Yes Sir. Can I take my bags upstairs real fast?"
"Go." He points. Nick helped her carry them up then vanishes to his room.
There was a fifteen minute interval before Jesse stepped back out of Grace's play room. He had placed her in a playpen with her stuffed Elephants. Stealthily he waited until he heard the shower in his Dad's bathroom before racing down the staircase.
In the kitchen Willa stood by a skillet simmering on the stove, frying a burger with spatula in hand.
"I knew Dad would give in to my party. I can't wait for my bud's to see you in a bikini."
She raises an eye brow, "I should never have let you go that far Jesse. I wish you had a heart and realized I need this job and that your parents think the world of me."
"What's a heart? Do you think my dad has a heart? He only hired you as eye candy to write his stupid books."
She offers him a saddened glare that makes Jesse slow down his bravado attitude.
"Okay, I'm an asshole. I can't control my hormones. I'm a dick. Look, I wanted you way too bad. Blame yourself for being too sexy. All of the teasing gave me the confidence to push things all the way." He confides.
Opening the oven door she checks the status of Nick's French fries. Needing more time she closes the door and turns to face Jesse waving the spatula.
"Maybe I teased you too much. I love teasing. Especially when I know somebody is really attracted to me. When you first got home and we met I knew you needed something. To be a man maybe. For the record I loved fucking you. It felt great. But, we need to be realistic here Jesse. You won't be home forever. I won't be employed here forever. You're infatuated with me. That's all."
He nods, "Duh! I'm not asking for forever. I just want you when I want you. I want to feel you more than once."
"If you feel the need to tell Nick and Claire what we did I'll accept my fate." As if Nick was unaware, "From here on I think it's best that we keep any bodily contact to a distance."
He puckers then reaches out to squeeze her tits. Kneading their suppleness she tries not to enjoy it. Wasn't working. Confrontation became unavoidable. She rolls her eyes and smacks his hand with the spatula.
"Stop it, Jesse."
"I don't want to. I won't."
Finally, she shoves him backwards against the refrigerator knocking off magnets.
"I said "STOP IT"! She belts out loudly then grits her teeth at her own echoed tone, "Go play your video game or something. I have to make your dad supper. So leave me the fuck alone."
He hesitates realizing she meant business and gave in, walking away sulking like a child who had dropped his ice cream cone.
She regains her composure then coyly smiled to herself. His insistence made her wet. Still, she had to remain evasive. Her stomach churned. It wasn't what she truly wanted at all. Just seeing Jesse walk away depressed ripped at her soul.
Fixing Nick's plate she placed it on the table with a cold beer. Sitting down at the table she awaited Nick to return. Less than ten minutes later he came down with a towel tied about his waist.
She eyes his boldness as he sits down across from her.
"Aren't you worried Jesse might find it strange you're wearing a towel in front of me?"
Nick takes a bite out of his burger and talks with his mouth full.
"My house. My rules. You know he's lived with my nude tendencies his entire life. This towel is a luxury. Besides I need to feel free again. It's been a few days now. By the way how did you like my beach chapter?"
She blushes with wide eyes and slyly smiles, "I lived it. How could I not like it? God, it makes me want to do it all over again."
He nibbles a fry, "I'm certainly not opposed. However, I don't need you catching a disease or getting knocked up. I know you're on birth control but that's hardly full proof."
He worried about his own Son potentially knocking her up. He wasn't stressed of his own intercourse with Willa. He had had a vasectomy after Grace was born.
"Oh, I know. Trust me I worry too. But, I don't want to let that stress me out. I need to experience this. Please Nick?"
"You've become quite the nympho. The risk is solely on you. Don't ever blame me. Not when I objected out of concern."
"I would never hold anything against you. I adore you Nick. You've changed my life."
"Obviously my son's life too."
"Don't make me feel bad. You know I didn't want to go beyond your limits. I get stupid sometimes. Teasing is such a remarkable thing."
He devours his burger and fries as she gets up going to the refrigerator for a bottle of beer all her own. She opens it with a twist then returns to her seat. Nick didn't mind that she wasn't 21. She was in his home not out in public.
"So, what do you really think of Ashleigh?" Willa puckers with a studious expression.
He ponders to swallow his beer, "A very nice surprise. I look forward to having her around. Should I give my final approval."
"Me too. I loved eating her out. My first time ever. Do you think Claire will object to my offer of having her help me around here?"
Nick considers her question, "Let me check the girl out first. Neither of us truly know her. We need to be careful when exposing Grace to any newcomers that we barely know. I'll call a friend of Claire's in the NSA. Have him do a background check."
Willa raises her eyebrows, "Wow! Did you guys have him check me out too?"
He smirks, "I know everything about you. Including things you yourself do not know."
"Oh, really? Like what?" She grows curious tilting her beer for a drink.
"Like your real Father's name."
She nearly spits her swig of beer out when hearing his revelation. Wiping her mouth on her wrist she sits in awe.
"You know who he is?"
"I do. However I am not going to reveal his name or current location. From what I understand there are restrictions concerning who and where. Safety concerns."
"What's that mean?"
"Witness protection program. The reasoning for it I have no idea. I was only given that much information. Your own Mother does not know where he is. Obviously he does however have a name. I'm quite certain he has a new identity though. Even from her."
"Holy spit, Nick. That's insane." She plants her chin on her right palm, elbow on the table.
"Don't obsess over it. There's no way of getting to know him from what I understand. My advice is let it alone."
She shivers and sets her beer bottle aside.
"I've never known him anyway. Mom always told me he was bad news. I'll survive. Interesting though. Thanks for being honest."
"I probably should have kept my mouth shut. Just know I care Willamina."
"Thanks. Do you mind if I go to bed early? Feeling kind of freaked out."
"I'll handle the baby monitor. Go rest. Soon as I clean up here I'm going to write the Bonfire chapter as I would like to see it play out for you."
"That's coming up soon. Can't wait to read it. Night, Nick. Sir."
"Goodnight Willa."
Heading upstairs to her room she felt obligated to at least check on baby Grace. To her surprise she heard talking. The door ajar she crept up to the threshold and listened. What she heard made her heart flutter.
Brother Jesse sat Indian style next to his sister's playpen. He was reading her a story. Long overdue considering he was directed to do it days ago. It was also the recommended book, "The Curious Monkey" that Willa advised him to read her.
He was even making up strange voices to fit the mood. It was charming to witness.
Nick had finished his meal and decided to head up as well. He too was mind blown by his son's effort. Choosing to creep up behind Willa he listened in as well. His Father was very proud.
Willa sensing Nick looked over her shoulder to see the Man almost shed a tear. She smiled warmly and hugged her Boss at the hip. He placed his arm around her shoulder and rubbed her bicep. After a moment longer to absorb Jesse's love for his sister Nick moved beyond the door. As he did he removed his towel for the duration of the hall.
Willa bit her lip at his physique. The man for a Writer was exceptionally fit.
"Yea! That's going to keep my mind out of the teaser zone." She blew her hair strands aside.
Willa Pryce eased away quietly and entered her bedroom.
Leaving her door open she went about unpacking her new wardrobe. They would need to be washed but for now she chose to remove tags then hang them up. Others placed within her dresser. All except for one item. For the sake of living in Cali she had bought a "San Diego Chargers" football jersey. She was born and raised a "Chicago Bears" fan but she would learn to blend in while here in Southern California.
Stripping out of her current outfit she pulled the jersey over her body as a night shirt. It draped down to her knees and was ever so itchy due to it's newness. It would be tolerable for the time being.
Settled on her bed she opted to paint her toenails a bright pink. It gave her time to think.
She contemplated the information Nick gave her about her birth Father. Over the years she hadn't really given it much thought. She listened to her Mother and put him out of her mind. Her Mother "Emily" was a great Mom while growing up. Even as a Model she devoted much time in spoiling her. Then, when Willa was 10 years old her Mother met Willa's future Stepfather, "Jordan", a Corporate Lawyer for a large Pharmaceutical Firm. He became a great replacement Dad. Teaching her all about life and even funding the short amount of time she attended college.
Her parents later let Willa decide her own fate.
Thus, the Nanny position.
She was glad she chose to venture out here on her own. She needed independence.
Nails done she let them dry and merely sat back against her headboard. Cotton between her toes. Her jersey up to her knees. As she relaxed her cell vibrated forcing her to stretch out to take it off her cell charger next to her bed and read the text.
"It's Gus. From the beach volleyball game." She realized.
Typing swiftly she smiled, "Hey Papa Bear. I was just thinking it was getting close to Bonfire time. Little over a week from now. Can't wait."
From the distance returns a reply, "Was just thinking about ya. How's things going?"
"Really good. How are the others? Did Jon and Megan make up?"
"Yea. She's mellowing out some. Promises to treat you nicer at the Bonfire. We all had a long talk with her."
"That's hard to imagine. Her being nicer. I'm a slut remember?"
"Skank too. God love ya." He jests in return.
Giggling she felt evil. She swiftly snapped a picture as she spread her legs to reveal her pussy, shadowed by the jersey. One quick send and Gus is gifted with a reminder.
"There's the Cave this Bear loves to live in."
She shivers , "Keeping it warm and damp for you Papa Bear."
"Here's the address for the Bonfire. "1400 Canyon Cove". If you need a ride let me know. I'll come pick you up." Gus forwards.
"Saved. Unless something goes wrong I'll be there. I made a new friend today. Might invite her if that's okay. Her name is Ash."
"Sexy as you?"
"Nobody is sexier than me. LOL! She has blond hair. Shape similar to mine. 36C tits. Big blue eyes. Eager to tease. LOL."
He returns with, "Slut sisterhood?"
"I like that. Sure. I think she might be open to more. I'll talk to her again soon."
"Sweet! I need to go. I'm at work and my break is over. See you soon, "Redilocks"."
She crinkles her nose at his nickname for her.
"Redilocks? That was awful. Try again." She giggles.
"How about, Red Bonya?" He attempts.
She had never even heard of a character named "Red Sonja" let alone understand the play on words. Frowning she types, "Nope."
"Willya?" He gives it a trial run.
"Of course I will." She laughs, "Willa/ Willya", I get it. That's better."
"Text ya when the party gets closer. Peace Willya."
"Bye, Papa."
Cell set aside she looks up to see Jesse standing in her doorway.
"You look happy." He fidgets.
"I am. I overheard you reading to Grace. That was sweet of you Jesse."
"Decided I owed her that. Can we talk about earlier?"
"As long as you understand I'm not letting you blackmail me. I adore you Jesse. As a friend. What we did was beautiful but, I can't keep doing it."
He narrows his eyes, "You liked my cock inside you."
Rolling her eyes she chooses to grin, "You know I did."
She couldn't resist lifting her left foot up to examine her painted toenails up close. In doing so Jesse easily noticed her pussy in all of its glory. He drooled instantly.
"I just painted my nails." She blows on them to help them dry faster. Mischief enters her thoughts as she extends her right leg high toward Jesse, "Here! Blow on the other foot. So they dry."
He leaps at the chance to sit on her bed and hold her foot. Held firm she sighs at his cool exhales, almost ticklish in nature.
"We could paint your nails." She sticks her tongue out at him.
He frowns, "I'm not a girl."
It was then that he noticed her jersey.
"Thought you were a Bears fan."
She raises a brow, "I am. I "Gus"-I mean-guess, I figured I needed to fit into my new life better." He didn't know her friend Gus to even catch on what she meant. Gus had made her horny while texting her. She would take her frustration out on Jesse.
"You can't stop teasing me can you." He poses looking between her legs.
She moves her left foot toward him to reach up and run toes through his hair. She knew her nails were dry and felt like taunting him. In order to reach his scalp however she had to stretch her body out. From her sitting position her butt scooted along the covers of her bed. The jerseys hemline remained behind. From her pubic hair down she was nude.
Feeling her frolic amid his hair he wanted her even more.
"You said we couldn't do more." He hoped she had changed her mind.
She sighs merely looking up at him with a timid eye contact. She raised the hem of her jersey to rub her belly with both palms. With no expression she whispers, "We can't. You can't. That doesn't mean you can't pamper me. Or, see me like this. You just need to keep in control of yourself."
"Me? What about you?" He chuckles.
"Massage my feet, Jesse." She pouts erotically.
He picks out the pieces of cotton from between her toes tossing them on the floor. He then begins squeezing her foot lightly. Glancing at her he trembles, "Too hard?"
"You tell me." Her left foot still taunting his hair in back.
Hesitantly, he looks down at his crotch. Yep! Too hard.
She knew his thoughts and simply laid there. His eyes moving between her toes and watching her palms swirl about her belly. Her fingers fanning out to caress her thin landing strip of pubic hair. He had to grit his teeth.
"You have a nice grip, Jesse." She whispers.
"Much longer and that grip might need to be on my dick." He laughs.
"I know." She remains emotionless. Merely eying him.
As he continues her foot massage Willa's cell vibrates yet again.
Her attention drifted just long enough to retrieve her cell. Too her shock this time around her text was from more guys from the beach. This time it was from her first beach appearance.
"It's Zane. Remember me?"
She doesn't smile but decides to type back, "Yes. Hi."
Awaiting his reply Willa sighs at Jesse, "Don't stop Jesse. I need to text my friend here. It's been ages since we spoke."
He was absorbed in feeling his erection grow. He just wanted to feel close to her.
As he kneaded at the bottom of her right foot, her left foot carefully moved from his hairline down his spine in a sensual trail.
Up and down his spine she kept his attentions.
Zane's reply finally came through with, "Sitting here with my buddy Wes. If you recall me you remember him too. He says hi."
"Tell Wet-I mean-Wes, I said hello." Her mind was all over the place.
His next text led with a "LOL! You must be in a good mood."
"Getting a foot massage. Relaxing in my bedroom in my night shirt."
Jesse obviously had no idea whom she was texting nor truthfully cared at the moment. As long as he could continue he was not leaving her side. While she was distracted he decided to risk stepping it up. As his left hand massaged, his right hand lightly caressed her calf muscle up to the quick of her knee.
She noticed as she awaited Zane to reply. Her eyes trembling. She wanted to touch herself but resisted. Yet her fingers were dangerously close with each journey.
"Just a foot massage? Is he as good as we were?" Zane added.
Softly typing she returns with, "For now. Don't make me horny. It's my bosses son. LOL."
Her toes creep under Jesse's T-shirt to tease the skin of his back. Jesse arched his spine at the entry. It felt nice.
Zane adds fuel to her fire, "You know you want him."
Her eyes shimmer at the words, "Hush! Trying to behave myself."
Jesse's right hand moves higher up her leg into inner thigh territory. This made Willa close her eyes and take a deep breath.
"Only massaging your foot now?" Zane enquires.
"Yes and no. Foot yes. One hand along my inside leg." She reports.
She continues her foot's travels up under Jesse's shirt. She had literally reached his collar and toes were peeking out amid his hair once again.
"I bet your pussy is wet as hell right now. I should know. Been there. Seen it." Zane adds.
She winces nibbling her lip.
"It is. I'm trying to avoid touching myself. God! I want too. LOL."
Seconds later Zane challenges her, "Dare you to send me a pic of that wet pussy right now."
Her eyes flare slightly at the prospect. Cautiously, she turns her camera on and the flash off. Utilizing her left set of toes she stretches slyly to move her foot toward Jesse's left ear. Taunting it makes his profile turn just long enough for her to snap a picture of her gaping wet pussy without him knowing. Observing the final photo she noted her fingernail poised just above her clitoris. Jesse's fingertips barely in the photo as he rubbed even lower. It was a perfect snapshot she thought. Sending it to Zane she whimpered.
"Jesse?" She whispered as he returned his gaze toward his mission.
"Yea?"
"Can I switch legs? They're falling asleep."
Her left leg retreats from his shirt as he sits her right leg down. Jesse then kicks his shoes off before repositioning to sit on her bed. Between her legs but facing to her left slightly. He then snatched up her left foot and began massaging. The cotton was again discarded.
Willa's right foot slipped up under his shirt yet again. This time her journey caressed his stomach and chest.
Text returns as Zane howls through type, "Awoooo! I remember fucking that beauty."
"You fucked me up the ass too." She expresses a smiley emote with its tongue out.
Jesse's hand returned to her leg. Kneecap upward was his aim. As he intentionally drifted within her thigh area Willa lowered her other foot from his belly to rest directly on his crotch. Toes lightly squeezing at his erection.
He feels her toes constrict, "That isn't helping."
She refuses to smile, merely staring at him while awaiting her next text.
As Zane replies she reads, "All of us want to fuck you again. Want that still?"
She expresses a deafening sigh attempting to make it look like it was for Jesse. She then writes with a sudden inspiration.
"Party at 1400 Canyon Cove. Bonfire. Next Saturday night. Bring condoms this time. And friends. LOL."
Jesse moves his fingers an inch away from her pussy. She was absorbed in her texting. Watching her type he took the risk and slid fingers amid her labia. The sensation made Willa gasp and lower her cell the second she hit send.
"Jesse. Don't."
His ego was returning.
"Stop fighting me. You know you want me to touch you there."
She bites her lip as he continues rubbing her pussy lips. Glossy and soaked.
Another text arrives forcing her to let Jesse continue while reading.
"I heard about that party. My cousin Cole told me."
She huffs skyward into her reddish strands of hair that had drifted into her eyes.
"I met Cole and his friends a few days after you guys. Fucked them too. Yay me. Now you can all get me naked."
Her mind raced. Jesse had slid fingers up inside her hole which brought her back to reality.
"Shit!" She squeals with a haunted glare.
As Jesse grows more confident that he would get his way he realizes Willa wasn't talking about his actions. Her eyes were glued behind him.
A door had opened and closed loudly. Footsteps in the hall.
Jesse jumps up and wipes his soaked hands on her blanket. Standing tall and regaining his composure.
Willa in turn sat up swiftly and pulled her jersey down over her lower half concealing her private parts.
Jesse hears a knock on his bedroom door, from the opposite side of the wall. This makes Jesse step forward into the hallway to see his Father holding his cellphone.
"Over here Dad." Jesse rolls his eyes at his Father standing nude at his door.
Nick follows his son's voice and frowns at seeing him step from the Nanny's bedroom.
"Your Mother wants to talk to you. Take it outside I don't want your yelling upsetting Grace."
Handing it off Nick captures the scent coming from his son's hand. He knew very well something had happened.
Jesse swallows harshly and takes his Mother's voice downstairs.
As Jesse vanishes, Nick steps into Willa's open doorway. He eyes her on the bed.
"What part of trying not to have sex with my son did you not understand?"
She shrinks, curling up on her mattress at her regret. She was speechless. Then her cell let her know of another text.
"Answer it." Nick narrows his eyes.
He was standing there as she observed him stroking his massive beast. It took every ounce of common sense to read the text.
Zane was blown away by her admitting to yet another gangbang.
"Christ! How many guys you planning on fucking? 50? LOL."
Nick steps closer to the foot of her bed. He bends over and grabs her ankles dragging her limp form to the edge of her mattress. Her jersey rolling under her all the way to her upper torso. She glares up at him with a gentle fear in her eyes.
In a relenting move she raises her cell up for him to read. As he does he smirks.
"You were texting while my son played with you?"
She faintly nods.
"Very good, Sara."
There it was. Referring to Willa as the character in his book.
Nick laid his mighty cock on her labia as he took her cell and scrolled over the conversations. He nodded his approval.
Tossing her cell down on her chest he growls, "Keep texting."
As she wrote she felt Nick penetrate her pussy while holding her ankles to spread her legs wide.
It felt incredible.
As she moaned she typed awkwardly.
"I must be going "InZane"." She babbled with word play, "I have no say as to how many. Let them take what they want."
She sends it then offers Nick the screen to read the text.
This made him smug as Dorian rises from within.
Her moans increase to cries, "Fuck me harder, Master."
As he increases his speed and forcefulness she turns red holding her orgasm under held breath. Awaiting Nick/ Dorian to let her know she could end her torment.
Finally, Nick himself detonates hard inside her. This allowed her to know it was time.
Willa Pryce, alias Sara the slave screamed her final throes.
Nick with a stern glare leans over her face to face. She could feel his overheated exhale across her face.
"Tease my son. Do "NOT" fuck my son."
"I was. We never had sex. He was just massaging me. Fingered me only for a minute." She frets.
"Good. Keep it that way. Nothing more."
Another text returns.
Nick grabs her cell to read it.
"See you at the Bonfire."
Nick left it at that. Pulling out he tosses her cell once again and takes his leave.
Willa laid there lifelessly for ten minutes.
Jesse finally had the courage to return. His Mother reading him the riot act for being expelled.
He see's her laying there, feet on the edge of the bed. Legs still wide. Pussy oozing from his Father's leftovers. Of course he didn't know the truth.
"Couldn't wait for me to make you all messy?" Jesse chuckles.
Willa swallows dryly.
"Sorry. Too worked up. Besides it's better this way."
He shrugs, "I'm still going to fuck you again."
"No Jesse. I'm not going to let that happen. Touching me sure. Seeing me play with myself fine. I'll watch you if you want. No sex though. Please let that be enough."
"Naaa!" He merely turns away and goes for a sandwich.
Willa wept.
With a smile however.