It's been a long day at work for you. The acquisitions you were working on are taking longer than expected and the day has tried all of your calculated patience. You lean back in your chair and rub your throbbing temples. The phone rings.
"Hi baby, I was just wondering how your day was."
"Long and taxing," your voice was very cold.
"Would you like me to come by and relax you? You sound like you need it."
"That would be so nice, baby. Having my pussy here now would definitely make me relax."
"Ok, babe. I'll be there in a half hour."
You are happily return to your work with renewed vigor, determined to wrap up a couple of loose ends before I arrive.
I shower and put on my signature jasmine scent and thigh high black stockings and the red heels you love to see me in and nothing else. I put on just enough make up to accentuate my eyes and full lips and then lastly the mink coat you gave me when we first got together. Now I am adorned like you like to see me and I get my car and speed to your office.
Fifteen minutes later I'm walking through the lobby of you office building and I flash my clearance badge to the security officers at the front desk.
"Good evening gentlemen."
"Good evening Ma'am."
They already knew I was arriving and let me go straight in.
I walked to the elevator and swipe my badge and press your floor. Security is tight in your building. I don't ask what you do and you don't tell. The door opens on the 19th floor and I walk directly to the end of the corridor where your office is located. I carefully open your door and you are on the phone. You have the receiver in one hand and you are working your iPad with the other. You look up and motion for me to come closer and I walk slowly and deliberately across your office towards you. You are still taking your call and I wait somewhat patiently. I sit in one of the chairs in front of your desk and cross my legs at the knee to give you a good view of my legs. My leg impatiently swings with each passing moment. I hate waiting so I stand and drop the coat. You pause in your conversation but you have to finish what you are doing before you can start with me. I never take my eyes off you as I walk to your side of the desk and carefully clear off one side. I turn and the window washer is just outside the huge panes of glass that makes up the back wall of your office. You are still on the phone and your back is to the window so you don't know he's there.
Since you won't pay me any attention I will give the window washer an unbelievable show. I slide back a bit on your desk and recline slightly on one elbow and begin tracing my fingertips up and down my breast taking time to circle and tweak each lovely dark nipple. The window washer is half-heartedly trying to do his work but mostly he is standing on the scaffold with the squeegee pressed against the glass. My hand now glides over my abdomen and straight to my smooth bare pussy. I'm already damp with anticipation and now that I am stroking the sensitive outer lips the dampness is increasing to downright wetness. The wetness is spreading as my fingers caress my outer lips and now my inner lips and I gently circle my clit with my wet index finger. Now I need both my hands and rise up but angle my hips upwards to keep my balance as I gently pull back the hood on my precious pink nub and firmly rub it. I bite my lip because I desperately want to feel your dick inside me but business comes first and all I have are my fingers. I probe deeply with one and then another. Now you start to take notice. I am fingering myself on your desk and you're on a business call. You are good and pissed now and there will be hell to pay when you get off. That is what I'm counting on. You turn to the side to get a better view of me and you notice a shadow out of the corner of your eye. You turn slightly and you now see the window washer. And now you are really upset but you don't let on you calmly finish your call and shut down your iPad. You roll your chair closer and gently touch my face, my neck, down to give my breast a gentle squeeze, lower to my belly and then to my apex and you lightly run your hand over mine.
"Keep fingering yourself."
I push my fingers deeper in my wet slit.
"Good girl." You stand your hand is still gliding up and down my body. Your touch excites me and my fingers move faster. You place gentle kisses in a line from my shoulder to my neck and your hand cradles my face. I am in such bliss I am on the verge of orgasm.
You can feel my body tremble, "oooh, you are close aren't you baby."
I'm breathless, "yeah baby...I'm gonna..."
Your hand clamps around my throat and you squeeze so hard I can barely take a breath and you slowly pull me close, "Don't you dare remove those fingers. Don't think I didn't know about your little peep show you had going on."
I try in vain to speak.
"Shhhh. Shh shh shh. Keep fingering my pussy until I tell you to stop."
I try to take a breath and my fingers move in compliance.
You kiss my ear lobe and whisper in my ear, "Is the window washer still watching us." You ease your grip on my throat only slightly.
I reply with a weak, "Yes, he's still watching."
You left hand is supporting my back and you still have a grip on my neck, "You liked the fact that he was watching you, huh?"
"Yes."
"Do you think he wants to fuck you?" I hesitate and you squeeze again, "Do you think he wants to fuck you?"
My answer is squelched under your grasp, "Yes."
"How can you tell?" You loosened your grip a little.
I try to clear my throat to answer, "He tugs at his pants, adjusting himself. He licks his lips when I look at him."
The window washer wasn't even trying to wash the window he was totally engrossed in what we were doing.
You release my throat but you catch a firm fistful of my hair and you pull it to make my back arch and you loom over me while your free hand ravages me all the while my fingers are still deep in my center. Your mouth covers mine. You must've had a drink before I got there because I can taste the alcohol on your tongue as you kiss me hungrily. Your hand slides underneath mine and your fingers find my clit and your fingers circle it gently at first but getting faster. My hips move in concert with your hands and I cum but you don't stop. You overwhelm me. Your fingers keep working my clit and you slide my hand out of the way to probe my wetness your own fingers. I can't stop.
"Who do you belong to?" you tug my hair forcefully.
My pussy spasms around your fingers and I gasp, "You."
"That's my good, girl. Take it. Take it for me. Cum for me."
I finally get to release and you lay me gently back on your desk and lovingly stroke my pussy. You bend down and kiss me on my forehead and then gently on my lips. "You've been bad and I'm not done with you. You need to be taught a lesson. Is our audience still outside the window?"
I raise my head and look behind you and lay back with a smile, "our audience isn't going anywhere."
You take down your suspenders and unbutton your pants, "Then let's give him a real show."
To be continued...