My Mother's day weekend in Portland
This weekend in Portland with Steve was going to be short due to the fact that Sunday was Mother's Day, and I was not going to miss being home Saturday night so I could have the day with my daughter, Megs'.
So, my weekend started out on Friday evening, after a bit of a late start getting away from home on Friday afternoon, I didn't get into Portland until that evening.
Steve had plans for us as we were to meet some of his friends. So as soon as I got to his house, he had me change into a semi short wrap skirt and a thinnish padded shoulder blouse with a plunging front with no sleeves, the arm openings were rather open, so it offered a ton of side boob, and when leaning forward perhaps quite a bit more. Of course what was normal practice when I was with Steve, bra's or panties were absolutely forbidden!
After changing, he took me to a restaurant that we had been to before, Steve informed me that we had dinner reservations at 8:30 and it was only shortly after 8:00, so we had some time to wait before our table would be available.
Steve guided me into the lounge and directed me down the side of the lounge flanked on one side by booths and tables to the other side, but I was a bit confused as we walked past several unoccupied booths, it was as if he had a specific booth he was focused on! Suddenly he stopped at a booth, but someone was already sitting there, I nearly collided into him due to his sudden stopping, but I stopped next to him and then I could see who was sitting alone in that booth. He had a face that I recognized, but for a moment couldn't place.
But as soon as he spoke and greeted us, it came to me who he was and where I knew him from! This was AJ! I met AJ last year, again through Steve, but he lived north in the Puget Sound area, and he was the owner of a large boat, more accurately a yacht. Last year, he had invited me to be a "special" guest to entertain some of his friends for a few days on a cruise through the San Juan Islands!
Steve directed me around to the opposite side of the table and as I slid in, Steve slid in behind me and as he did so, he urged me to slide around until I was sandwiched in between the two of them.
As we talked about idle things, and covering the last few months, the holidays and everything that has happened since our last boating excursion, AJ's eyes took liberal freedom looking me over, which made me smile, it certainly wasn't something he hasn't seen before! We only had time to order a drink but before we had even finished our drinks, our reservation pager started buzzing and it was time to go get our table in the restaurant. It was then that I discovered that our reservation was for a table of three, that AJ was joining us!
As they led us to our booth for dinner, AJ was complementing me on how he thought I looked delicious and Steve chimed in "Well AJ, you should know! "Which got a chuckle from AJ and a punch in the arm from me!
Once we got into our booth, I was sandwiched between them as I had been in the lounge. Menus were placed before us and the waiter stood there taking our drink orders, I had to smile to myself, some waiters are very good at focusing on their job and blocking out distractions and some are not so disciplined, this poor fellow had a difficult time not staring at the front of my blouse. Personally, I don't take offense at this, rather it pleases and excites me! And I know that Steve enjoys that distraction that I cause sometimes! I'm sure that it didn't help that Steve had his hand on my upper arm, his finger lightly touching and sliding up and down across the bare skin of my side boob that was clearly visible!
After the poor fellow took our orders for the drinks and turned to leave, AJ leaned over and looked at Steve with a grin and chided him, "Steve, you know, you didn't make that young fellow's job any easier doing to Dani what you were doing!"
Steve smiled back and offered "It's not my job to make his job easier!" Steve went on to add with a grin" perhaps, when he returns it should be you that is doing the distraction!" With that I heard AJ chuckle, but in a moment, I felt his hand on my arm, and soon his finger brushing over the side of my tit!
In a few minutes our waiter had returned with our drinks and ready to take our order when he stopped mid-sentence, I think it was then that he noticed that now it was the man on my left that was playing with the side of my tit, and not the one on the right as before!
We all knew what we wanted, and he took our order fairly quickly. I chose the Seared Scallops, one of my all-time favorites! And the two men each went after the steaks! It seemed that our waiter had a bit of a shake in his hand that he didn't have before! We all had a bit of a laugh at the poor guy's expense!
After ordering, and while waiting for our food to arrive, it wasn't long before Steves hand returned to my arm as well, but now, the fingers were not just gliding over my side boob, they both were working their fingers in further, going for my nipples! I whispered to the men, "Steve, AJ, you are going to give that poor kid a heart attack! They both grinned, and then Steve told me that AJ had a question to ask me.
So, turning to look at AJ, he told me that he was planning another boating excursion, and he told me he had thought of me in planning for the trip, and after a long pause, I looked at AJ and asked him, why me? Realizing that I'm not as young as some other girls that he had on the boat last year and certainly could have again if he chose to.
He responded, explaining, and I will confess as he gave me his reasoning, I was a bit embarrassed but also took what he told me as a complement.
He explained that when he met me last year that he was pleased and impressed with my personality, and my desire to please! He also said that he could see from our last outing, that I genuinely seemed to enjoy being an object of pleasure and that I had a willingness to entertain his guests!
Steve interjected with a chuckle "what he means, you truly seem to enjoy having your tits and fuck holes used!!"
That last part is what embarrassed me!! (But at the same time, it's true!)
Just in time, our dinners arrived and at least for the moment the men took their hands from inside my blouse, much to the relief of our young waiter, I am sure! So turning my attention to my meal, not that I was really focused on the food, but just in need of a diversion of my attention for a moment to think and consider.
After a few minutes of fidgeting with my Drink, I asked him a few questions as to when and how long, also would I be the only girl there and how many men!
He told me that this was rather short notice, as it is next weekend that his friends wanted to meet.
He told me that he had plans for a couple of girls.
And there would be 4 other men beside himself.
After a pause, he said that there was one other thing, he said that from our last time together, he noticed that I seemed willing to and able to handle treatment that was less than gentle.
He warned me that the friend that asked for this trip is known to have rather rough tendencies, while not a sadist, he might be a bit challenging.
After a few minutes to think about it, I gave him a non-answer answer.
I told him that I needed time to think about it, but a couple of conditions came to mind.
I wanted someone there that I could trust, looking at Steve, that would always be with me.
That any action would be stopped immediately with a safe word from me or my trusted partner.
And finally, I would get him an answer on Monday.
With that, we finished our dinner, and AJ made it clear that he was taking care of dinner. As we reached the front door to the restaurant, we stopped for a moment, it was then that Steve asked AJ if he wished to come and spend the night in the guest room! To which AJ declined, he said that he needed to get back home tonight! Steve then added, "Are you sure? If you wish to come over for the night, Dani is yours for the night!" Hearing that, I felt my face flushing, and then AJ replied "that is very tempting! But the truth is I do need to be back home tonight, but I will take a rain check!"
After a few days of consideration, I gave Steve a call back and told him that he could let AJ know that I would be willing, as long as you are willing to come with me and be my safety net!
PS. At the time that I am publishing this, the following weekend has occurred, and I am currently typing up the story of that weekend, so stay tuned in!