Author's note: You'll need to read Chapter 6 for this to really make sense.
We landed at the small Texas airport at 3:12 in the morning. The dozen or so passengers - seven of which were with the company I worked for - deplaned and walked through the small, deserted airport like zombies. The only sound was the clickity clack of our rolling luggage. We immediately noticed when we left the building to find our transportation to the hotel how thick and muggy the air was. Who the hell voluntarily goes to Texas in the middle of July?!
After a restless couple hours of sleep, we all had a quiet breakfast together before we left for the convention center for the conference. About the only things that were discussed were how fucking hot it was and how cheap our company was to put us on a red eye. Needless to say, we weren't happy campers. The lack of sleep wasn't helping.
We sat through several presentations on color theory, printing techniques and tricks, and the latest and greatest plug ins for photoshop. At least, that's what I remember. I might have slept through a couple.
That evening, we all went back to our hotel. Some took naps, some took showers, some a combination of both. Regardless, when we met in the lobby, everybody was feeling refreshed and a little more sociable. I couldn't help but notice how hot Jenny and Katherine were looking. Not temperature-wise hot. Visually hot. Katherine was dressed in her usual unintentional sexy attire. A button down silky red blouse that was two sizes too small who's first button didn't start until well into her ample cleavage. Her 38 inch bustline was putting a severe strain on the buttons. One could only hope she had a massive wardrobe malfunction. It was accompanied by a very short white skirt along with white pumps. Jenny was wearing a light, flowery sundress that was backless. The thin spaghetti straps held it up nicely, letting the top of the dress fall just far enough across her 34 inch bust to drive a man wild. The hem fell sexily at mid-thigh, exposing her long, sexy, tan legs, that led down to wedge sandals that made her appear even taller than she already was.
The three of us were joined by my roommate for this trip, Matt. He was super nice, but kind of nerdy and socially awkward. But he was a good dude. I liked to hang out with him occasionally for that reason - and he laughed at my jokes.
We walked across the street and down a couple of blocks to a surf and turf restaurant that came highly recommended. We were seated at a lovely round table towards the back of the restaurant. The pure white table cloth that fell off the sides went quite nicely with the dark wooden tones. We did the classic boy-girl-boy-girl seating arrangement. It was actually more fun than I had anticipated watching Matt squirm uncomfortably between these two lovelies.
As we sat there, I couldn't help but think back to the flight here. I kept seeing Jenny's head bobbing on my pole. I could almost feel it. The taste of Katherine's skin was still on my lips and her scent in my nostrils. My fingers still smelled as if they had just been pulled out of her snatch. As it turns out, the girls were having the same flashbacks. Neither could get the vision of my 9 inches of rock hard meat out of their heads. Katherine kept reliving the feeling of my fingers stuck deep inside her. Jenny could still feel my cock buried in her throat. She couldn't get the taste of my cum out of her mouth, not that she wanted to.
I put my second beer down on the table. "Katherine, I couldn't help but notice you haven't had anything to drink."
"Water. I'm drinking water. Doesn't that count as a drink?" she replied snottily.
"No, I mean a drink. Don't you drink anything harder than water?"
"Occasionally, if I'm being naughty, I'll have a diet Sprite," she said flatly. Everyone at the table laughed.
"How about tea? Do you like tea?"
"Yes, now that you mention it, I do like tea."
"Great! Waiter, can you bring the lovely lady a Long Island iced tea, please?" Jenny covered her mouth to hide her laugh.
"Long Island iced tea?" Katherine asked.
I tried not to laugh. "Yeah. It's tea. But it's how they drink it in Long Island."
Rich and famous people live on Long Island. If they like it, I'm sure I'll like it!she thought to herself. "Yes, alright, I'll try it."
She hadn't even finished her first tall glass of the sweet refreshment before the effects of the liquor were obvious.
Katherine began to fan herself with a white napkin. "Oh my! Is it warm in here?!" The rest of the table looked at each other. Jenny and I knew exactly what was happening.
I shook my head. "No, not really. Actually, I feel a little chilly."
"Yup, me, too," Jenny added with a smile. "They must have the A/C cranked up."
After some small talk and a few more guzzles of her drink, Katherine spoke up. "You know, I'm really quite nervous about my presentation tomorrow." Sober Katherine would never admit weakness of any kind. She was scheduled to give a presentation on the advantages and disadvantages of having an in-house art department. "I mean, I can speak to a group of six or seven. But there are probably going to be 40 or more people there! Mark, you're quite comfortable with speaking in public. Do you have any wise words of advice?"
For one, sober Katherine would never think I had anything wise to say. Secondly, normally I would be the last person on earth she would ask for advice.Hmmmmm, do I give her wise advice or fun advice?
"Well, have you heard the theory that imagining your audience is naked?" She nodded her head. "Well, that didn't quite work for me, so I experimented. What finally worked was if I went commando. I didn't wear a stitch of clothing under my street clothes. It took my mind off of these people in the room and more on the feeling of my privates rubbing on my clothes." Jenny stifled a laugh. Matt was taking mental notes for if he ever had to make a speech. "Plus, I don't look anyone in the face. I look at the top of their heads."
Katherine's eyes opened wide. "Really?! And that works?!"
I shrugged my shoulders. "It worked for me. Now I'm very comfortable giving public speeches."
Katherine thought about it. "Interesting." She waved the napkin at herself again. "It's too warm in here. I'll be right back."
She nearly fell over when she went to stand. "Do you want some help, Katherine?" Jenny asked, trying not to laugh.
"No no! I'll be fine, thank you."
A few minutes later, Katherine stumbled back to the table. She'd obviously taken off her bra. The girls had more bounce to them. Plus, she had missed a button when she was buttoning up her shirt, so it was crooked and gapped. I had a very nice view to say the least.
"Oh my! What a strange sensation to be out in public without any undergarments on! It's quite liberating," Katherine said entirely too loudly.
Shortly afterwards we were enjoying our dessert when I felt a hand crawling up my thigh. Now it was Katherine who was wearing a wicked grin.
She leaned in close to me and whispered, "I think I need a session to help me alleviate my infatuation with...your cock."
I almost fell out of my chair. "Here? Right now? Are you sure?" I whispered back. She nodded her head. Who was I to argue?
I scooted under the table as far as I could and whipped my little buddy out. He was only standing at half-mast. We weren't ready for this sudden turn of events. The touch of Katherine's warm hand wrapped around and softly stroking my freed beast had him standing tall and proud in no time. The tip was nearly touching the underside of the table.
We tried to carry on with the casual conversation but my body language might have given us a way. Katherine's body language definitely gave us away. At least to Jenny. Matt was completely clueless to the whole thing. Not to mention, I think he was mesmerized by Katherine's half open shirt and gumdrop sized nipples trying to tear through it.
The sound of a metal utensil hitting the floor could be heard.
"Oopsie," Jenny said with a knowing smile. Matt, ever the gentleman, volunteered to flag down a waiter and have them bring a fresh one. "No no, it's fine." She looked me dead in the eye. "I'll get it." With that, she disappeared under the table.
"Does she not know how unsanitary that is?" Matt asked with great concern.
I waved a dismissive hand at him. "Ahh, she'll be f...gah!" I sat bolt upright in my seat.
Suddenly there was a moist heat enveloping my now big man. Katherine continued to stroke the shaft while Jenny sucked on and rolled her tongue around the swollen head.
"You okay, Mark?!" Matt asked, again with great concern.
"Yep. Yep. I'm, uh good."
Katherine quickly realized what was happening. Her competitive spirit began to rise. But, even more so, the alcohol was bringing out a jealous streak she didn't know she had.
Is that slut having oral sex under there?! That slut! I found his incredibly large penis first! It's mine!She began to formulate a plan.Yes, that's it! Tonight I'll...huh? "Oh!" Katherine's eyes flew wide open.
The unexpected touch from a set of long, warm fingers on the inside of her thigh came as quite a surprise. Even more surprising was the speed of which those fingers were suddenly inside of her.
Katherine's stroking of my cock came to a grinding halt but her grip grew tighter with the sudden, unexpected stimulation she was receiving. Jenny choked back a laugh with my cock in her mouth at Katherine's physical reaction to Jenny's intrusion into her wet cunt.
"Katherine?! Are you alright?!" Matt asked in shocked concern.
"Yes. I...I...yes, I'm-m-m...uh huh, yes-s-s-s." Katherine was unable of putting a coherent sentence together.
Katherine finally released her grip on my tool, allowing Jenny to take me all the way down her throat.
My face contorted when Jenny's face landed in my lap. "Oh fu-u-u-u...(cough) (cough)."
Katherine's hands were on the table, palms down, and stiff. She quietly hummed through gritted teeth. Her hips were grinding into Jenny's pumping.
"Jenny sure is taking a long time to find her fork under there," Matt observed. "Jenny, you okay?"
"Mmmmmhmmm! Mmmmhmmm!" she moaned around my pole.
My hands where under the table and on the back of her head. "I...I...I think she's going to find it real so-o-o-o-o-n," I groaned.
"Mmmmhmmm, yes...yes...yes! I...I...I agre-e-e-e! Oh God!" Katherine stammered.
Katherine's body tensed and her eyes closed. Her hands curled into fists. She moaned as quietly as she could through a clenched jaw while she experienced a very public orgasm at the hand of her friend and co-worker under the table.
"I...think...she...just found it...grrrrrr!" I growled. My hands drove Jenny's head into my groin hard while I shot a thick load of spunk into her throat. I allowed her head to rise, then shoved it into my lap again.
Jenny swallowed and gulped as fast as she could, while still pumping Katherine's spasming snatch. This time she managed to swallow almost every drop. When my snake stopped pulsing in her throat, she raised her head up and released me with a "pop". She didn't need to, but she still ran her tongue on the underside of my wood from ball sack to tip, quickly running her tongue around the tip when she finished. At the same time, she withdrew from between Katherine's legs.
Katherine and I were both slumped in our chairs when Jenny finally popped up from underneath wearing a huge smile.
"Found it!" she said gleefully, holding up the fork. "Man, it was dark under there. I had a helluva time feeling around under there!"
Matt wiped at the corner of his mouth. "Jenny, I think you've got a little bit of frosting on your face right there."
Jenny swiped a finger at the drop of runaway cum and slipped it between her lips. She looked at me with a devilish smile. "Mmmm, salty."
We finally left the restaurant and walked back to the hotel in the thick air. I wrapped my arm around Katherine's waist without her protesting, keeping her steady as we walked.
The elevator reached the girls' floor first. As they began to step out, Katherine tugged at my hand.
"C'mon, Mark. I want to, uh, talk to you about, umm, my presentation tomorrow. Is that okay?" she asked with an uncharacteristic twinkle in her eye.
The request caught me off guard. "Oh! Uh, yeah, sure." I turned back to Matt as I was pulled through the elevator door. "Hey, uh, I'll be up later, okay?"
"Okay. Thank you for a lovely evening, ladies!" he hollered as the elevator doors opened.
We were barely into Katherine and Jenny's room when Katherine pounced. She wrapped her arms around my neck and pulled me down. She gave me one of the longest, hottest kisses I had ever experienced. She pressed her hips into mine.
Jenny chuckled at the sight. "Day-ummm! Somebody's in heat!"
Katherine broke off the kiss. "Jen..Jen...Jenny, do you mind if I have intercourse with Mark tonight?" I was stunned at the comment.
"Hmmmm, tell ya what. I'll keep my mouth shut if you tell me right now that you're going to fuck his brains out. Not have intercourse. Not have oral sex. You're going to suck and fuck that big fucking cock of his."
I couldn't help but smile.I like the way she thinks.
Katherine paused. "I...I...I'm going to...yes, I'm going to fuck his brains out," she said matter of factly. She paused again. "Yes. Yes! I'm going to...fuck his brains out! Until he's brain dead! I'm going to suck and fuck that...that...that big fucking cock of his until one of us passes out!"
I stopped breathing for a moment. Jenny's mind had to wrap itself around what she just heard.
"Well, alrighty then," Jenny finally said.
Katherine dragged me into the room and stopped at the end of her bed. We fell into each other, grabbing at the buttons on each other's shirts while we stuck our tongues down the other's throats.
Then I had a naughty thought. I pulled away. "What if Jenny was the director of this little show? What if she told us what to do?"
Jenny was about to walk into the bathroom. She froze and spun around to face us. "Oh, I LIKE that idea!"
"Um, o-o-okay," Katherine said, quite unsure of how she felt about this sudden turn of events.
"Sweet!" Jenny squealed. "Okay, you two kids get naked! Katherine, sit on the end of the bed!" Jenny flew through the air and landed on her own bed, bouncing back into the air twice. Then, quite unexpectedly, she began to peel off her clothes as well.
Now that everyone was naked and in position, Jenny began to bark orders.
"Okay, Katherine, give him a blowjob. A good one! Take him into your throat. Swallow that fucker!"
I moved closer until the purple tip was almost touching her lips. She grabbed the shaft and turned to Jenny, who was lying on her side with her head propped up by her arm and hand.
"I-I-I don't think I can do that. I mean, it's so big!"
"Sure you can!" Jenny exclaimed. "Just relax your muscles. Trust me, you can do it!"
"O-o-okay." She turned back to me and without any hesitation took me into her mouth.
"And don't forget about yourself. I want you to finger yourself while he's face fucking you."
She removed me from her mouth. "Do what?! I...I...I've never, uh, masturbated in my life!"
Jenny smiled back at her. "First time for everything."
Katherine hesitantly placed her hand between her legs and opened her mouth. She gave a light gasp at the touch of her own hand for the first time in her life.
From the first dive I was slamming against the back of her mouth. My hands were on the back of her head pulling her forward. To her credit, she would push her face into me until she gagged, then pull away. I glanced to my left. Jenny had her hand between her legs petting her pussy.
It wasn't long until my head snapped back. "Oh fuck!"
Jenny watched Katherine's throat take the shape of my thick prod. "Alright! Way to go, Katherine!" She looked at me. "Don't you cum, you fucker!"
Katherine nodded her head as best as she could and gave a thumbs up while my balls bounced off her chin. "Mmmmmhmmm! Mmmmmhmmm!" she moaned loudly.
Oh yeah, that Long Island iced tea definitely did the trick!I thought to myself. I smiled back at Jenny while I continued to dive into Katherine's throat. "Don't you worry about me."
After several minutes of Katherine getting throat fucked while she pleasured herself, Jenny spoke up.
"Oh yeah, that was fucking awesome," she said breathily. "Now fuck her tits. C'mon, Katherine, give him a good titty fuck with that big fucking rack of yours."
When I pulled out of her throat, Katherine swiped her forearm across her chin and smiled at Jenny. "I did it! I had his entire penis in my throat!"
"I knew you could do it!," Jenny said. "Being able to swallow that monster is something to be proud of, too."
"But I wish we hadn't stopped. I was so close to, you know...reaching orgasm," she said with embarrassment.
Jenny chuckled. "Don't you worry about that! I have a feeling you're going to cum more than once tonight." She paused. "You're well on your way to being a helluva slut! With that body, you're gonna make a great slut!"
Katherine's face beamed. She had to be the best at everything she did. "Yay!" Then a brief moment of clarity flashed through her alcohol-altered brain.Wait, is that something I should be happy about?
Before she could answer her own question, Jenny barked, "Now wrap those fun bags around his cock! C'mon, let's go!"
I winked at Jenny with a smile. "Yeah, c'mon Katherine, we don't have all night."
"Oh! Yes! I'm sorry," Katherine said in a truly apologetic tone.
She sat up straight and cupped her 38 specials. I placed my trophy into the massive cleavage they created. She leaned into me and wrapped them around me. They felt soft and warm. She started to bounce before I stopped her.
"Don't forget to lubricate."
"Oh! Yes! I forgot. I'm sorry." She quickly dropped two streams of saliva into her cleavage and began to bounce on the bed again. Katherine looked up into my face. "Do you like having your penis between my breasts? Does it feel nice? Do you want to orgasm onto my bosom?" she asked flatly while she bounced.
Jenny chuckled. "Jesus, Katherine. Only you could make a titty fuck sound boring!"
I looked down at her. "C'mon, Katherine. If you're going to say it, say it right."
"Oh! Yes! I'm sorry. I'll do it again. Let's see...oh yes! I remember!" She looked at me again. Her facial expression changed. Her body language changed. She looked at me with fuck-me eyes while she bounced. "Do you like fucking my tits, sweetheart? Do you like how they feel wrapped around your big, fat pe...er, cock? Huh? Do you like that? I'll bet you want to org...er, cum all over my big tits, don't you? I know I do. I love how your thick cock feels rubbing on my skin. I love how it feels when I'm covered in your hot, sticky cum," she said in the sexiest, most sultry voice I've ever heard. I almost blew my load right there. "Was that better?" she cooed.
"Ohmagawd, yes!" I said.
Jenny piped up. "Holy fuck! That almost mademecum! Fuck!" She was on her own bed molesting her herself while she watched. "Oh yeah. Oh fuck yeah. That's nice. Oh yeah," she purred. "Take him into your mouth when he pops out the top. Suck on that fat head when it comes out of your tits," she moaned.
The words had no sooner left her lips before Katherine was taking my swollen head into her hot mouth. It was like she was born to be a submissive slut. With each pop into her mouth, she would suck on me and quickly roll her tongue around the tip.
For my part, between watching Jenny maul her long, sexy body and a more-than-willing Katherine do as she was told, it was all I could do not to bust a nut all over those tits that I adored. But I fought the urge, anxious to see what else Jenny had in store.
I could see that Jenny was working herself up into quite a lather. Just as I did, she pulled her hand away and slid up her bed until she was sitting upright with her back against the headboard."
"Ohhhh, fuck me," she panted. "Okay, Katherine, come on over here, you little slut-in-training." She patted the bed between her legs. Her legs were spread wide apart, giving me a clear shot at her glory hole. It was shaved clean with the exception of fine blonde hair trimmed in the shape of a heart above her swollen pink slit.
Regretfully, I removed myself from between Katherine's fleshy pillows and helped her stand on her still alcohol wobbly legs. She took the two steps over to Jenny's bed and climbed on.
"Okay, c'mon Mark, get up here. Climb in behind her. Katherine, scoot up here, give him some room." Katherine slid as far up between Jenny's tan legs as she could, while I slid in behind her. My feet were hanging off the end of the bed. "Okay, Mark, I want you to stab this bitch with that beautiful cock of yours. I want you to fuck her as hard and as deep as you can," she hissed.
"Finally!" Katherine shouted, stunning both Jenny and I.
"With pleasure," I said quite menacingly. I slid into Katherine. A chill ran up her spine when my thick head touched her inflamed lips.
"And you, my dear," Jenny said looking down at Katherine, "you're going to lick my pussy until I cum on that pretty little face of yours."
Katherine's body tensed. "Wait! What?!" I slammed my rod balls deep on the first thrust. "Oh shi...mmmffffffgggggg..." Jenny slammed Katherine's head into her groin before she could finish her yelp.
Jenny's head leaned back. "Oh, fuck yeah!" Apparently, Katherine's tongue hit the mark.
Quickly I was jackhammering on Katherine's still like-new gash. "Jesus Christ, Katherine, you're so fucking tight! You need a fat cock shoved in it more often!"
"Mmmmmhmmm! Mmmmhmmmm!" Katherine moaned.
Each thrust of my hips scraped her extended tongue over Jenny's rock hard clit. It wasn't long, however, before Katherine began to flick her tongue at it and around it, even sucking on it when she had the chance.
Jenny pushed down on the back of Katherine's head while she mauled her own tits and twisted her own pointed nipples.
"Oh, fuck yeah, Katherine! Oh God! That's it! Lick my pussy, just like that!"
Jenny and Katherine's moans were becoming louder by the second. Jenny's eyes were closed in complete ecstasy. I reached around Katherine and pressed on her love button while I pummeled her hole. It nearly sent her into orbit.
"Mmmmmmmmmmm! Mmmmmmmmm!" Katherine squealed when her orgasm hit like a freight train.
Jenny shoved down on Katherine's squealing head. "Oh God! Yes, that's it! That's it! Oh fuck! Oh fuck! Oh fuuuuuuck!" Jenny's hips began to buck into Katherine's face with an electric shock orgasm of her own.
I, meanwhile, continued to pound at Katherine's slit and drum on her raised bean. At least, until both ladies bodies stopped quivering.
Jenny grabbed Katherine by the back of her head. "Okay, stop...stop...stop! Fuck!"
Katherine's head appeared out of Jenny's lap and turned to me. "Yes, stop! Please! Ohmagawd, stop!"
I chuckled and pulled my hand away from her quaking clit and pulled out of her soaked snatch.
Jenny looked at me with a grin. "Fuck, you haven't cum yet?"
I grinned and shook my head. "Nope."
"Fuck!" Jenny said, out of breath. Her lips curled into a wicked grin. "It won't be tonight, but youwillfuck the shit out of me with that big boy some day soon."
"Oh, you think so, huh?" I said, holding back a laugh.
"Oh, I know so...fucker." She climbed out from under Katherine's face and spun around. She smacked Katherine on the thigh. "C'mon, slut, lift your leg."
Katherine looked back. "What...what...what are you doing?"
Jenny looked at me from between Katherine's legs. My glistening cock bounced above her face. "Fuck! That thing looks even bigger from down here! Jesus Christ!" She smiled. "Okay, Katherine, pucker up, buttercup. Err, well, what's the opposite of pucker? Loosen? Yeah, loosen up, buttercup, because he's about to jam this big bastard into your ass!"
"Wait...what?!"
I touched my slick tool to her backside. "You heard her. You'd better loosen this sweet little ass of yours up or this is gonna hurt like a motherfucker." I pressed forward.
"Wait! Wait! Oh my God, wait!"
Katherine's body began to relax. She took several deep breaths. It relaxed more. Her back gate started to swing open, little by little. I pressed. It opened more. I pressed. Then, suddenly, I slipped through and passed her sphincter. I slid forward until I was balls deep and stopped.
Katherine's head snapped back. "Oh God!"
Both of my hands were on her hips. "Fuck, Katherine! Your ass is even tighter than your cunt! Jesus Christ! Fuck!"
"Yes, well...well..." Katherine could barely spit the words out. She felt like I was in her throat. "I...oh God...I don't have...god...I don't have anal intercourse with...with...my husband."
"Sucks to be him," I mocked.
"Okay, fuck this bitch's ass! Fuck her ass with that fat fucking cock!"
I pulled back and shoved forward. Katherine's head snapped back again. "Oh God!"
Jenny reached her long arms around Katherine's tiny body, grabbed her head and pulled it into her crotch. "Get to lickin', bitch!" Katherine's tongue swatted at Jenny's stiff kernel. "Oh fuck! Fuck, that's it!"
Jenny tucked in and slapped at Katherine's still twitching bud with her own tongue, bringing a loud squeal from Katherine, which was quickly followed by a loud bark when I pulled back and drove it home again.
This fuck fest quickly kicked into high gear. Much to my surprise and pleasure, occasionally Jenny would redirect her attention from Katherine's launch button to my balls. She would slap them with her tongue or quickly take one into her mouth before I pulled away.Fuck! This woman knows her way around the bed! Who'd have thought she was such a slut! Why haven't I fucked her yet?!I thought.
After what seemed like hours, I couldn't take anymore.
"Oh fuck! Grrrrrrr! Gonna...cum! Gonna...cum!" I shouted as sweat rolled off my face onto Katherine's heart shaped ass.
Jenny's head popped out. "Gimme! Gimme! I want it!" She opened her mouth wide and stuck her tongue out.
I pulled out of Katherine's back door. I stroked my beast hard and fast while pointing it down at Jenny's mouth as best as I could. The first rope shot out and hit it's target, shooting straight into Jenny's mouth. It went straight into her gullet, causing her to close her mouth and cough and gag. A second shot streaked down her cheek into her matted blonde hair. A third shot hit her lip and splashed across her chin just as she was opening her mouth back up. Her long neck allowed her to lift her head off the bed and take the still spurting head into her mouth.
This bitch is some kind of freak!I thought just before I jammed my cock into her throat. She felt a fresh dose of spunk shoot down her throat with each pulse.
I finally pulled out of her face and slapped it against Katherine's ass. She was still busy licking Jenny's severely twitching twat. My slaps only sent saliva up Katherine's back as Jenny had successfully sucked me dry.
"Oh fuck yeah! Don't you stop, bitch! Don't you stop!" Jenny growled at Katherine. Katherine squealed when Jenny went back to work on her trembling gash.
I fell back out the bed and sat on Katherine's bed. I had the best seat in the house to watch the impending fireworks.
Katherine's head popped up out from between Jenny's legs. "Oh! Oh! Oh God! Oh God! Please...please...oh God! Please don't stop! Oh God! Oh God! Oh ggggaaaaaaa!"
Her head dipped back between Jenny's legs as a second freight train raced through her velvety folds. I could literally see her body twitch while the train tore through her body.
Jenny's head soon popped out from under Katherine. "Fuck! Fuck! Oh fuck! Cumming! Cumming! Cumminggggggaaaaaagggghhhhh!"
Once again, her hips bucked into Katherine's face like a bucking bronco. And much like a rodeo cowboy, Katherine stayed mounted on her wild ride.
Soon, both women were panting like they'd just run a marathon. Jenny pushed Katherine off of her. Katherine just rolled over onto her back. The chest I was so infatuated with violently raised and lowered while she tried to catch her breath. Jenny was on her back as well, breathing like she needed an oxygen tank.
"Fuck me," Jenny panted.
"Oh my God," Katherine wheezed as she dragged her arm across her chin.
I started to pick up my clothes. "Well, this was fun. We'll have to do it again sometime." I chuckled.
Katherine lifted her head off the bed. "Wait! Where are you going?"
"Uhhhhhh, back to my room?"
"Oh. Well, if you must. I like to cuddle after intercourse, but if you must go..."
Jenny snorted. "That wasn't intercourse, sweetie. That was pure, straight up fucking. No other word for it."
"Yes, well, be that as it may, I still like to cuddle afterwards."
Damn! She's really fucked up!"Sooooo, you want me to stay?"
"Yes, I'd like that." She swung her legs off the bed and started to get up. She wobbled slightly. "Allow me to freshen up and put my pajamas on. I'll only be a moment."
I shook my head and grinned at Jenny. She was giving me a "well what do you think about that?!" look. "No, the only way I stay is if we're both naked."
Katherine stumbled into the bathroom. "Yes, that's fine, dear. I'll be there in a moment."
Jenny and I looked at each other with open mouths and wide eyes.
"What the fuck?!" I whispered to Jenny.
"The bitch has gone full on slut!"
"Nahhhhh. That's the alcohol talking."
Jenny laughed. "There ain't nothin' more fun than a drunk slut. Unless they're puking. That's no fun. But drunk like she is? That's a fun little slut."
I chuckled. "Holy shit! I can't wait to see the look on her smug face when she finds me lying next to her in the morning!"
Jenny laughed as she climbed off the bed and headed for the bathroom. "She's liable to stroke out. Ha!"
I quickly climbed into bed. Just as I was pulling the covers over me, Katherine was coming out of the bathroom. Naked as a jailbird. Her hair was matted to her head, but she had washed her face and torso. She was still hot as fuck.
She started to come to my side of the bed before she stopped. "Oh! We're switching sides tonight? Usually you want to be on the other side." And she started to walk to the other side of the bed.
She thinks I'm her husband! She must be in some serious denial fueled by alcohol! Ha ha ha!"Oh! Sorry! I can move over."
She landed on the bed and started to climb in. "No no, sweetheart, that's fine. However you want to do it is fine with me."
However I want to do it?! Ha! I think we pretty much covered the bases tonight!
She pulled the covers over her and backed into me. I wrapped my arm around her and grabbed her breast. She pulled me close.
"Mmmmm, good night, sweetheart," she said dreamily.
I tried not to laugh. "Uh, yeah, good night."Yup, she's gonna stroke out in the morning for sure.
Jenny was washing herself with a wash cloth. She looked at herself in the mirror. She was wearing a wide smile.I can already tell tomorrow's going to be a fun day.
To be continued...