Yvonne here: I really have retired from writing with a second baby here. Vanessa and Jerry brought me this story fully finished. Erin helped them polish it for publication and asked me to post it using my account. I'll turn things over to Jerry to tell the story, although you'll hear several voices in the story.
Jerry (Vanessa's husband) here. Vanessa and I had a trip planned but weather on the other end forced us to cancel. Instead, we were playing at home. I had Vanessa strung up standing in the livingroom. She was bound hand and foot, with a blindfold and headphones on so she couldn't see or hear a thing. I had the remote control egg and butt plug in her and had whipped her lightly. In another hour she'd be ready for a major orgasm.
I'd gone into the kitchen for a drink when I heard the front door open and close. Before I could get back to the livingroom a female voice cried out. "What the hell!?!" I rushed back to find Vanessa's cousin Melissa standing in front of my naked spread eagled wife. "What are you doing here?" I asked.
"Vanessa asked me to bring in the mail and water the plants while you were gone. Now let me ask you, what the hell are you doing here? Should I be calling the police, or is Vanessa in on this?"
I told her to sit down and I'd explain. I gave a quick summary of Vanessa catching Yvonne writing for Literotica and the story of our trip to the cabin. When I got to the part about the adult book store and hooking up with Trudy and Jen, Melissa's jaw dropped. "You mean Vanessa is a lesbian?"
I told her no! Vanessa still likes having sex with me and other men. "Other men? Are you guys swingers?" I told her no, not really. But we have had a few adventures with other couples and Vanessa has fucked a few other men and eaten a few pussies. "A few pussies; what the hell does that mean!?"
I started thinking and listed the women she'd been with. "First was Trudy and Jen. I told you about them. Then we hooked up with Sue and her husband. That was the first other man she fucked. Then there was Vanessa's birthday party." I had to think for a minute to remember all those people. "That night she screwed Adam, Charlie, Bill, me, and Paul again. She ate Erin, Judy, Yvonne, Sue, and Trudy again"
Melissa's eyes grew wider, her jaw dropped, and her breathing grew heavy while I listed all these people. And I noticed her nipples getting hard. "Do you want to see what she likes now?" Melissa slowly nodded. I stood up to get the riding crop and the remotes. I switched both toys on high eliciting a moan from Vanessa. Next I lightly traced to crop across her breasts and down to her pussy. A light slap on her swollen lips brought a small scream and sigh.
As Melissa watched all this, one hand dropped into her lap as she rubbed her thighs together. She was getting hotter. I kept whipping Vanessa until she was almost ready to come. Suddenly I stopped and switched off both toys. "We'll let her cool down for a few minutes. Then we'll have some real fun.
"You look like you could use a drink of water. Or would you like something stronger?" Melissa said water would be fine. I picked up the remotes and led her into the kitchen. "Do you have any questions about all this? Have you ever done anything like this?" She frowned and said not really but almost.
"I had a roommate my first year in college who was a full blown lesbian. She tried to switch me and almost got there. We did a little kissing and titty play but I never let her get my pants off. She'd masturbate and asked me to stick my fingers in her. But I couldn't bring myself to do it. I watched her and a girlfriend have sex several times. She and two other girls got a house the next year and I never saw her again."
"Do you ever wish you'd taken her up on her offers, Melissa? Vanessa tells me no man can eat a pussy like woman. Do you want to help me get Vanessa off and have her eat your pussy?" Her jaw dropped again and she asked me what I had in mind. "Vanessa knows I'm here but she has no idea that you are. If we both touch her at the same time she'll know there's somebody else here but won't know who. After she gets off, I'll untie her and put handcuffs on her.
"I'll put her on her knees in front of a chair. Then, if you want, I'll leave you alone. You can drop your pants and pull her into your pussy. She'll know what to do. She did the same thing with Yvonne at the birthday party. If you want, you can leave and I'll never tell her who was here and who she ate. It's all up to you. What do you say, Melissa?"
She took a deep breath and said, "I'm in, but you don't have to leave. Vanessa's told me about your thing for redheads. You'd love to watch me get naked, wouldn't you?" I had to admit she was right and said it was time to finish Vanessa. I also said we should keep Vanessa blindfolded, not knowing who was touching her and who she was eating until she was done.
We went back to the livingroom and I gave Vanessa a few swats with the riding crop and switched the toys on high. "I'll grab her ass and kiss her neck. You touch her front so she'll know two people are here." I expected Melissa would touch Vanessa's face or arms. But no, she cupped Vanessa's breasts and pinched her nipples. I kissed the back of her neck and stroked her ass. With four hands touching her Vanessa knew there was somebody else working on her. I pulled back and slapped her ass and pussy with the crop.
I looked around and saw that Melissa was sucking on Vanessa's nipples and running her hand down toward her pussy. This girl was really getting into it. Melissa knelt down as I whipped Vanessa's tits. Melissa stroked the pussy in front of her and licked her own lips. "Taste you fingers and give her a lick, Melissa." She slowly followed my directions then got into it. She licked deeply and I whipped Vanessa's ass until she came with a scream.
"Back off and let here catch her breath. You can get in position, if you're ready." Melissa stood up and took a deep breath. "Let's do this, Jerry." She was wearing a one piece romper and peeled it off. She had on a small sports bra and skimpy cut panties. She dropped the panties and fluffed her red pubes. I must have looked askance at the bra and she peeled it off. She was as beautiful as I'd imagined.
Melissa got a chair from the dining room. As she walked away I noticed she had a small triangle of red hair on her lower back, just above her ass crack, BEAUTIFUL! It must be a family trait; Vanessa has a dozen dark hairs on her lower back. Her brother has a larger and darker patch. She settled into the chair spreading her legs as I got Vanessa ready.
Vanessa here: I was startled when I felt a second pair of hands on my body, but excited too. I guessed it was a woman when I felt the fingers and tongue on my pussy, but I had no idea who. After one hell of an orgasm, I got a little confused when Jerry started to let me loose. Usually he takes off the headphones and blindfold first. Then he releases my feet and hands.
This time he first untied my feet. I felt him attach one handcuff to my left wrist before unhooking that hand. He released my other hand and locked my hands behind me. Still unable to see or hear; with no idea who else was there, Jerry led me across the room. He pushed me down to my knees and forward into an unknown pussy. WOW!
Melissa here: I almost had a heart attack when I walked in a found Vanessa naked and trussed up. I had always loved her, more like a sister than a cousin. I never really lusted after her sexually but that must have been somewhere in the back of my mind. I'd always wondered about girls after my freshman roommate. Vanessa's pussy tasted amazing and I couldn't wait to feel her tongue on me.
She settled in between my legs and Jerry pushed her face into my crotch. Vanessa sniffed and said, "Damn, this smells good. Who the hell is it?" She licked up my outer lips then slipped her tongue between them. I spread my pussy open with one hand and pulled Vanessa's face in with the other. She locked onto my clit and sucked it like a lollipop. "HOLY SHIT! She's going to make me come!" My breath caught and I came with a low scream.
Jerry here again: I rubbed Vanessa's face into her cousin's snatch and asked Melissa, "Do you want to leave? I promise I won't tell Vanessa who was here, if that's what you want." Melissa thought for a minute and shook her head. "No, I want to return the favor and taste her. Then let's surprise the hell out of her."
I stood Vanessa up as Melissa vacated the chair. They switched places, Vanessa seated with her cousin kneeling between her legs. Melissa spread the pussy lips in front of her. "Damn, she's beautiful! I've never seen one of these up close." I told her to pull the egg out and stick a finger in. She followed my directions then slid one, two, and then three fingers into Vanessa. "Feel around inside. Wiggle your fingers and use your thumb on her clit. Now lick her."
Melissa took a deep breath and dove in, face first. She may not have eaten a pussy before but she must have been eaten. I couldn't see everything she was doing, but I could see Vanessa's reaction! Her nipples were swelling and turning darker; sure signs. She began to moan, louder and louder. "OH GOD! OH GOD! OH GOD!" And she came for the second time today.
"Are you ready for the big reveal, Melissa? I'll take off the handcuffs, the headphones then the blindfold. Vanessa is gonna' freak." I unlocked the cuffs, then lifted off the headphones and told Vanessa that I had a big surprise for her. I told her to close her eyes before I took off the blindfold. She slowly opened her eyes and looked down at the face between her legs.
"Holy shit! What are you doing here, Melissa? Let me explain!" Melissa told her that I'd already explained and reminded her about the mail and plants. Vanessa spit and sputtered apologies and tried to cover her tits. She tried to close her legs but Melissa held them open with her body.
"Don't worry, dear. Your secret is safe with me, as long as I can join in the fun." Vanessa was just starting to relax when the doorbell rang. "What the hell now?" Vanessa asked.
"Oh, I forgot, Vanessa. I invited some friends over. They're really good friends, Melissa. They expect to find Vanessa naked but you'll be a nice surprise. Or, you can get dressed and I'll let you out the back door. It's up to you." Melissa thought for a minute and said; "Bring it on!"
I opened the front door to welcome Erin and Adam. As soon as they walked in Erin kicked off her shoes and dropped her dress; beautifully naked again. "We have a surprise guest here today. She's heard a little about you, Erin, and she'll love to meet you just like that; naked as a jaybird." Erin shuttered with excitement and almost ran into the livingroom. Vanessa was sitting in the chair and Melissa was standing there beautifully naked.
"Well, this is a hell of a party we have here. It's a little early for hard drinking but I have a pitcher of ice tea ready. Anybody interested?" Everybody agreed and sat down to talk. Melissa asked how we knew Adam and Erin as fuck buddies. I'd already told her about Vanessa's naked week at the cabin and hooking up with Trudy and Jen. Erin took over and told about the birthday party (Yvonne: Vanessa's Birthday Surprise).
Erin here: I told Melissa about losing my dress and doing clean-up duty. Then getting stripped and given as a hostess gift for the weekend. As I described everything that happened that weekend; naked mile, water skiing, and dancing nude, Melissa started to squirm. Her nips started to swell and darken. "Is this story getting you turned on?" I asked her. She admitted the idea of being a sex slave was exciting.
"No, I wasn't a sex slave. I wasn't forced to do anything against my will. I was talked into doing things I never thought I'd do; more of a sex toy. But, it was exciting. One of the biggest turn-ons was masturbating for an audience. You should try that right now, Melissa." Her eyes grew wide and her jaw dropped. "Come on, you can do it, girl. You've masturbated before, right?" She nodded. "Well, if you want to be a sex slave or toy, the do it NOW!"
Slowly she spread her legs dropping one hand down. Melissa gently stroked her beautiful red bush. One finger slid up and down her slit and slowly slipped in. "Open your pussy, Melissa. We want to see everything." She looked scared but followed my orders. "Play with your tits. Pinch your nipples; get them good and hard." Again, she followed directions and her eyes started to close.
Jerry here: I remembered the story about Sue on the island and chimed in, "Open your eyes, Melissa. Look at your audience. Make love to them with your eyes." Vanessa whispered something to Erin. She grabbed Melissa's clothes and both girls left the room. They came back fully dressed. Vanessa said, "I think Melissa should be the only one naked. That's a real turn-on, right, Erin?" Erin agreed and we all settled in the watch the show.
"Is that right, Melissa? How does it feel, naked in front of fully clothed people?" She shivered, her eyes went wide, and she came with a loud moan. "That was great, Melissa! What should we have her do next, Erin? What else turned you on?"
Erin's eyes lit up. "She's already eaten Vanessa. I really liked eating Sue and Nancy with the hand cuffs on. She should eat me the same way." I grabbed the handcuffs and stood Melissa up, turned her around, and secured her. "Oh, very nice! Let me get ready." Erin hiked up her dress, sat down spreading her legs.
Erin here again: Melissa looked a little scared but excited too. She looked around at all the people watching her then down at my exposed pussy before she knelt between my knees. "Take a good look, Melissa. It's sweet and moist and ready for a good licking." I pulled her head forward into my crotch and rubbed her face into my snatch. Melissa sniffed and licked slowly before she latched on my clit.
She nibbled and licked then moved down to the fuck hole. Her tongue was long and warm inside me. Back to my clit her tongue worked its magic until I came for the first time today. "Damn, girl! You did a super job. How was it for you?" Melissa smiled and moved up to kiss me deeply. "Well what's next on the agenda?" I asked. "Do I get to try the bondage routine?"
Vanessa here again: "Yes, Erin, we'll get to that, but first I think Melissa needs a double fuck! We got two cocks here today and she's got a mouth and pussy. How about it, guys; you ready to fill up both ends?" Jerry looked a little nervous. I was asking him to fuck my cousin. I knew he was hot for her, his thing for redheads. I found the key for the handcuffs and freed her hands.
"Are you ready for this, Melissa? I really love getting both ends pounded. Don't you agree, Erin?" She DID! "Get on our hands and knees, Melissa. Which end do you want Adam?" He used a line from an old movie and said she had a real pretty mouth. "I guess that leaves her pussy for you, Jerry; you ready?"
He still looked nervous about fucking a member of my family but he couldn't resist that red haired pussy. The guys stripped off their clothes. Both were good and hard. They knelt on either end of Melissa and impaled her with a single stroke. Her eyes went wide as she breathed deeply through her nose.
The guys pumped her without mercy for several minutes. All three were sweating when Adam stopped. "Let's switch!" He said. Both guys pulled out leaving Melissa gaping on both ends. They turned her around and slid in again. "How do like the taste of your pussy?" Adam asked. Melissa couldn't talk, with a mouth full of Jerry, but she looked happy.
"Let's join the fun, Erin." We stripped off. I attacked her tits while Erin worked her clit and ass. We rubbed, pinched, and licked Melissa while the guys pounded her until all three came. The guys pulled out but held her up while Erin moved in for clean up duty, her specialty.
Adam here: Erin and I came over for a day of fun and fucking but she had one thing in mind. "Erin read about you and Yvonne tied up, blindfolded, whipped, etc. She wants to try that, right, Erin?" She went a little pale but nodded shyly. "Great, you're already naked. So what do we need?"
Vanessa took over. "Yes, you're naked and I know your pussy is nice and wet. I had three fingers in there earlier so the egg will go in no problem. And you've had that in before. You've had Adam's cock up your ass a few times but you will need some lube in there. You can do that, Melissa." Her cousin's eyes went wide and she shook her head. "Come on, girl! You're totally naked. That means you have to fulfill any request. That's a rule of total nudity."
Erin bent over presenting her ass to Melissa and Vanessa handed her the lube. Melissa squeezed some lube on to one finger and reached up the ass hole in front of her. She ran her finger around Erin's ass then plunged it in. Erin gasped as the finger slowly moved in and out. It looked like Melissa was starting to enjoy herself. She slipped another finger in Erin's ass and reached her other hand to Erin's pussy.
Vanessa handed Melissa the butt plug. She pulled her fingers out and replaced them with the plug. She kept working Erin's pussy and clit while Vanessa got the egg ready. That went in next. "You're ready for the rest, Erin. Get over here and give me your hands." Jerry told her. I watched him rig my wife up to the overhead cuffs. Her feet were secured spreading her legs wide. Jerry tightened the ropes pulling her tight to the ceiling beam. Vanessa put the blindfold and the radio headphones.
For the next two hours Jerry worked Erin over with the remotes and the riding crop. We all helped, biting and licking her tits, ass, and pussy. I got my first two girl blowjob; something I'll never forget. Bottom line: a GREAT time was had by all!