1996
Ohio
"No shenanigans this time!" The ash-brown haired Marie declared. "We'll work in the dinning room."
"Uh, yeah, sure." Darterrius replied confused. "You ain't a fan of my choice of channels?"
At six-foot the light brown Darterrius towered over the nearly post white five foot one Marie. At his words her face had turned red.
"You know why!" She stated teasingly. "Now let's get down to business!"
"Aight!" He replied opening his text book. "I don't understand how we won the War of 1812 if the Brits and Cunucks burned down the White House, and handed us our asses at land and sea!"
"That's a very good question..." Marie replied getting into their work.
While they studied, Darterrius noticed that Marie tried to touch him as much as possible, be it on the arm, his hand and even his upper leg a few times. Somehow when ever she turned to talk to him, she'd brush her tits against him.
After an hour of studying Marie took off her faded plaid shirt to hang it on the chair behind her to reveal her white V-neck T-shirt. Darterrius could not blink as he admired her pale white cleavage!
Although Marie wanted nothing more than to get fucked by Darterrius' giant meaty penis, she was determined to put some smarts into him.
Standing to stretch, she knocked over her pencil onto the floor which then rolled under the dinning room table.
"From heavens to mergetroids!!" She said exasperated.
"If you go down there, I'm gunna follow!" Declared the taller muscular man. "That table cloth is big enough to hide us good!"
If Marie were Catholic she'd do the sign of the cross to give herself strength. As it was, she knew she needed to change her panties which were soaking wet from just sitting next to Darterrius!
"No nonsense tonight!" Marie said wagging a finger at him. "You need to finish up your Latin."
Looking up at the clock on the wall she added. "My father will be home with the Bishop too, he's coming for dinner."
Darterrius was about to crack a joke, but he knew that she was dead serious. The last time he made fun of Mormonism she gave him one hell of a purple-nurple!
"Maybe you drive me home after we done?" He asked.
"I doubt it, my father wants to talk to you about tomorrow's game, so he'll drive you." Marie replied frowning.
Marie got down on all fours and proceeded to crawl under the table, Darterrius had no qualms about leering at her great child-bearing hips.
Darterrius could hear her father entering the backdoor, he could also hear Marie stumbling around in the dark. His boxer instincts kicked in long before his mind could catch up to realize what he was doing.
Quick as Sugar Ray Robinson Darterrius pushed in Marie's chair and sat down in his own. Under the table Marie was oblivious to what was happening.
"Marie?" Asked her father entering the dinning room. "Oh Darterrius, this is Bishop Smyth, have you seen Marie?"
Without rising Darterrius managed to greet both men.
"Sir," He finally said loud enough for Marie to hear. "I believe she went to her room to powder her nose... she might be a few moments."
Darterrius heard a faint 'What?' from under the table. He moved his papers about to cover up the sound.
"My child, what are you trying to say?" Asked Bishop Smyth.
"I uh... um... it's just this Latin." Darterrius stammered out.
'You asshole!' Muffled out from under the table.
"You wouldn't believe how challenging Caesar's Discourses are to translate." He replied.
"Oh yes, I do recall the same problems back in my youth." Replied the Bishop as he nodded to Marie's father.
"Ow!" Cried out Darterrius into his fist as Marie pinched his leg very hard! He knew that'd leave a memorable bruise.
"Very painful I see?" Asked Marie's father.
"Huh?" Darterrius said confused. "Uh, yeah... very!"
The two men approached Darterrius to check his work, each man set a hand on a shoulder. Under the table Marie decided to get mischievous!
"You know young man," Started the Bishop. "Vercingetorix was the inspiration for Astertix the comic book character."
"Yes..." Darterrius said struggling to listen; Marie had pushed his legs apart. "I... uh, didn't know that."
Marie's father pointed at his text book and said something, Darterrius didn't hear a word, Marie had started tugging on his shorts! Suppressing a shriek he mumbled a word of understanding.
Darterrius was in real bind! Marie was stroking his cock whilst her father and his friend both spoke on either side of him! In boxing he knew that taking on three opponents at once was setting yourself up for failure! He needed to take out some of them, with Marie not being one!
"Uh..." He tried to say with his voice increasing in pitch. "Did you want to take a try at translating?"
His head was spinning, Darterrius no longer knew up from down as Marie swirled her tongue around the helmet of his penis. He assumed that her father said yes as he was pulling up a seat, Bishop Smyth was into it to as he moved over to lean between them.
"I translated the Vulgate, so this shouldn't be too different." Said Marie's father elbowing Darterrius. "Eh Bishop what do you think?"
Darterrius strained to hear the words from the two men with little success. Marie was ramming her head back and forth, blowing him with no hands!
WHAM!!
That was the sound of Marie's head smacking the underside of the table.
The two men beside Darterrius looked at each other than laughed. Confused Darterrius kept his mouth shut. Marie stopped moving her head, but kept his rod in her moist mouth. He didn't know how this would end, but if his racing heart were any indication he'd be lucky to escape with his life!
"You're right into this aren't you Darterrius!" Questioned Marie's father with a laugh. "I saw you pounding your fist on the table, well the joke's on you, I translated a whole sentence!"
Marie seemed to have regained consciousness underneath him and after bending his penis downwards she started stroking very quickly! Too quickly for his liking, he couldn't read her mind but he sensed that she wanted this to end soonest!
As the gentlemen moved onto another sentence Darterrius slipped a hand under the table.
"Ow!" Squealed Marie from below.
"Yes that was a bad translation." Stated Bishop Smyth assuming it was Darterrius or Marie's Father.
Darterrius felt like he had made an ass of himself, he was very certain he'd poked Marie in the eye! Trying a second time his hand slid straight down her top and into her bra. Her breast was soft, heavy and sweaty.
Pushing further he knew he'd pinched her flesh several times as he sought out her nipple. He slouched further down the chair to get those extra inches. When he found it Darterrius grunted in delight.
Her nipple wasn't erect, but he fixed that for her by tugging and fondling it roughly. A cock filled moan came from below the table. Darterrius looked over at the two older gents, they were so engulfed in translating that they forgot all about him.
Darterrius wasn't the sort of fellow to nut so soon, he tried combat breaths, but they were of not avail when matched against a superior foe! Marie certainly knew how to suck dick! If she were a boxer, she'd have had him completely licked!
Next to him the two men grew in excitement as they almost finished translating a paragraph. Darterrius knew his Latin, but it didn't bring him the same sort of joy. What brightened his life aside from doing well in the ring was doing well in the bedroom!
Marie re-doubled her efforts and that's all it took to trigger his downfall. Like a glass-jawed boxer Darterrius could see the mat rushing towards him as he shut his eyes to avoid the stars exploding before him.
"Yes!" Cried out Marie's father.
"Oh yeah!" Cheered Bishop Smyth. "Simply amazing!"
"Yyyyyeeeeesssss!!" Roared Darterrius above the two men.
Darterrius' sperm exploded forth with more violence than the Bowe Vs Golota Riot! It was raw and uncontrollable as it shot out of his cock hole! Marie wrangled his angry hose much like the police did that fateful night. She sucked, swallowed, stroked and repeated until the largest portion had been invested.
The two older men looked at him, and seeing how flushed he was in the face, they both chuckled deeply. Bishop Smyth patted him on the back to celebrate the minor victory.
"It's amazing what can occur when great minds come together." Bishop Smyth declared smiling down at Darterrius. "I will be talking about this at my next sermon! You should join us Darterrius."
Clearing his throat Darterrius started to cough, he felt cornered in some sort of Mormon plot to convert him! His mind raced as he wondered if Marie, her father and Bishop Smyth set him up to seduce him into the fold?
Marie however seemed oblivious to it all as she milked his deflating wiener, she wanted every last salty drop to herself. The mix of pleasure and discomfort were overwhelming for Darterrius, he wanted to stand and shout out, or maybe run away. If it weren't for the woman working him under the table, he knew he'd be bailing.
"I... uh... have a game that night." Darterrius said unsure of what the words meant. "A... practice I think."
"Fair enough my child." Bishop Smyth said patting him on the shoulder. "We shall pray for your success in that game."
"Thank-you..." Darterrius said fighting for breath.
With his sperm drained Darterrius could feel his wits returning, he knew the two men would start asking about Marie, or worse yet ask him to stand! He was still hard, heck Marie was still stroking out human protein for herself!
"Uh, may I verify your translation?" Asked Darterrius.
"You're a clever young man Darterrius!" Marie's father said sliding over the text book and paper.
The two men watched silently as he checked the words over slowly. The truth was he was fluent enough in Latin; his adopted parents hammered in such useless information into him, stating that it rounded his character out. He however wanted to buy time for his penis to fully deflate!
"This is a good translation!" He stated standing up, his penis was now a mere chub, not noticeable at all tucked away in his loose sports shorts.
The three men shook hands in congratulations and pride in their work. Marie's father suggested they look at his BYU trophies and they left the room.
"Did you hear about the kidnapped American in the Holy Land?" Asked Marie's father to the Bishop.
Darterrius could tell the older man wanted to say he was black, but held back. He was sick of all this talk about this dude; he knew deep down he was envious of a young man standing up to defend the Holy Land, but he couldn't bring himself to admit it, so anger took it's place.
"Yes, I did." The Bishop replied. "I heard on the radio the Israelis caught the gangsters!"
"What about the... um... young man" Marie's father asked.
"They said there never was a kidnapped... uh youth." Stated the Bishop. "My guess is they freed him, and didn't want to make a fuss about it."
Darterrius swore again to himself that he'd settle accounts with that fellow wherever, and whenever he found him.
"Daddy..." Said Marie in a sweet tone as she entered the room wearing her plaid shirt.
"You don't call me Daddy unless you want something." Her father said. "Marie! Where did you get that bruise from?!?!"
Darterrius could feel the blood draining from his head as her father stared at him coldly. Maybe her old man thought he'd punched her out and raped her! His earlier fears of being chased or arrested had returned!
"Oh Daddy, I bumped it when I was on the phone checking movie times." She said with a smile that seemed to disarm the older man's aggression.
"Please be more careful dear, now which movie are you going to see?" He inquired.
"Daddy I'm twenty-three years old!" She remarked. "And I'm not asking, I'm telling!"
"It's not that witch movie is it?" He demanded.
Darterrius worked on his breathing during this exchange, he'd seen the commercials for that movie and he half wished she'd take him along! He also couldn't help but stare at Marie's round tits, he desired nothing more at that moment than to touch them.
"So what if it is?" She challenged.
Bishop Smyth seemed mightily uncomfortable at this exchange, Darterrius could feel the same way, he wished he could step away from this bout!
"Fine!" Her father declared giving in. "But you will have to take Darterrius with you! He has a good moral compass and can help steer you if all that witch craft effects your mind!"
Bishop Smyth seemed relieved at this, Darterrius could see him exhaling deeply. That being said, if he could choose the film, he'd rather see the boxing one, 'Great White Hope' than 'The Craft'.
"But Daddy..." Marie huffed almost stomping a foot.
Darterrius half expected to hear her declared that even though he was eighteen he was a baby!
"No more butts from you!" The older man declared.
"Fine!" Marie snapped back.
Her father turned to show off another trophy to the Bishop, the two men forgot all about the argument swiftly. Darterrius just stared open mouthed as Marie stuck out her tongue, winked then marched out of the room!