is my first post, so please be kind. I'm not used to writing.
***
My boyfriend Tom and I were living on our own in a rented apartment while we studied at university. We were both at the start of our 2nd year, having only met 5 months before and deciding impetuously to move in together. Life was a fairly uninteresting sequence of sleep, study, eat, repeat. Not a lot of partying, but we made the effort from time to time. Neither of us were big party people - we preferred the close company of a few people rather than the acquaintance of many. We had a number of quite close friends we would go clubbing and drinking with on rare occasions.
It was a warm day near the end of February (remember I live in the southern hemisphere). Tom and I were done for the day, so headed home to get ready to go out with Nick and Sarah that evening. They had invited us to a movie. The whole way home I had been teasing Tom by stroking his leg while he drove the car and telling him that we should just blow off the movie and stay in. For some reason I'd been storing up sexual frustration all day and was looking for an outlet. Tom laughed and reminded me that Nick and Sarah were good friends and besides, he was worried about them - there had been tension between them when we saw them a few days earlier. So I packed my lusty thoughts away and started planning what I was going to wear.
We got ready and then headed over to Nick and Sarah's place around 7pm. When we got there Nick answered the door, looking a little disappointed that it was just us. He invited us in, explaining that Sarah had messaged him saying she had been delayed but would be home soon. They took separate cars because they attended different institutes. We relaxed for a bit, talking about movies and drinking wine.
Something was clearly bothering Nick, so I asked him "Is everything OK, you've been on edge since we got here".
He said "Its fine."
I gave him that look that says "Fine? Really?"
He gave in with a frown. "Its just that Sarah has been studying late a lot recently. I hardly see her."
It's not unusual for people to bury themselves in the books from time to time - the pressure can be quite intense. So I reassured him "She must have something big due then", trying to sound positive.
"Not that I know of - she's only just started her papers for this year".
Something else was gnawing at him - it was written all over him. He was always a terrible liar - I always loved playing poker with him for that reason.
"Everything good between you and Sarah?" I asked as carefully as one seriously considering crossing a minefield in the hope of finding cupcakes on the other side.
There was a long and uncomfortable pause. He looked like he was trying to figure out how to say something.
"I... its just that we, well... um... we haven't had sex in 2 months".
There is was, the bombshell out on the table like a pair of dogs bollocks. I was still a little taken by surprise. Nick looked shocked at the words that had just come out of his own mouth. I could hear the sound of air leaving the room. Tom was the first to react, and seemed to take it in his stride.
"So..." he managed. OK, he wasn't taking it that much in his stride, but managed to say "...so, lots of porn of lotion then".
We all laughed, and it broke the ice that had formed over the eons since the bombshell had landed.
Tom ventured, "Don't worry about it mate, once she's past this essay or whatever, she'll chill out and get back on the horse ... so to speak".
Nick looked doubtful, and was going to say something when his phone buzzed. It was another message from Sarah - she was going to be even later. She apologised and told him to not wait up. He read the message aloud and looked crestfallen. He started to apologise for stuffing up the movie night.
"How about, we kick back here and just watch TV and get drunk" I suggested. This seemed to be met with general nods of agreement. I suggested the boys choose something to watch while I went and found some nibbles and drinks in the kitchen.
I knew Sarah kept a pretty good stock of beer, wine and some spirits because we'd been here drinking before. I found a couple of beers for the guys, made sure more were cooling and poured myself a glass of something cheap and red. I located some potato chips and carried it all back into the other room where the boys were messing with the television.
Both guys were grinning at me as I came in. I knew they must have found some crappy chauvinistic action movie that I was bound to hate. But I said nothing - if it helped get Nicks mind onto other things, so much the better.
The movie started, and it took all of 2 minutes for the cheap action to start and prove me right. But, there were a lot of quite well built guys with no shirts on fixing machinery, so I didn't mind too much. There wasn't much of a plot, so it was easy to talk through the movie without missing much. So, we talked about the characters, then about actors in general. Then the topic turned to being filmed.
"I've always wondered what it would be like to be a porn star." Tom joked. "You'd get to have sex with hot women all day and you would have adoring fans. Sounds like the perfect job."
We laughed and I teased him saying "You couldn't keep it up if people were watching!"
By now the 4 bottles of beer he'd already had were doing the talking. "I love it when people watch me", he said.
I knew Tom watched porn when I wasn't home because I knew how to check the browser history he thought he'd deleted, but I didn't think he did more than that. So I pushed him, "Who's watched you then?"
Realising he'd accidentally let more slip than he intended, he looked like a rabbit caught in the beams of oncoming headlights.
Nick, trying to save his friend, jumped drunkenly into the conversation making it far worse. "She was before he met you, don't worry".
My hands were on my hips by now, and I was boring holes in both of them with my eyes. I simply said "Spill!", looking from one to the other.
Tom took a deep breath and started telling me about this girl he met in the library stacks one night.
"It was late and there was nobody around. My bus wasn't due for ages and I had nothing to do. So I was surfing the net... you know... watching porn on my laptop."
Tom glanced at me as if looking for forgiveness for past pornographic indiscretions. If he only knew what I got up to when he was out... ... but I smiled and urged him on.
He continued "I was pretty sure there was nobody around, and I was sitting at a table... and well, having a quiet wank."
Again, he looked at both Nick and I to make sure we weren't about to go biblical on him. Nobody blinked, so he continued. "I was going for maybe 5 or 6 minutes and wasn't bothering to cover myself. Then something made me look to the side. I saw a pair of eyes looking straight at me through a gap in the shelf. A womens eyes. I froze. My hand stayed where it was on my cock, but I froze. I expected her to bolt and get a security guard or something. But she didn't move."
About now I realised I was holding my breath, and gasped in some fresh air and reminded myself to breath. Nick was squirming and trying not to look at me.
Tom went on "It seemed like ages, and she didn't move. I was wondering what to do. She could obviously see what I was doing, so there was no covering it up. I decided I had only one option, so I started moving my hand up and down again. She moved so I could see her whole face through the gap. She was smiling and still watching me. That feeling of being watched by someone probably as turned on as me, was too much and I came pretty hard, splashing it all over the desk and onto my bag. When I looked around, she was gone. I never saw her again."
Again, I'd forgotten to breath. Wow. This revelation about my boyfriend, piled on top of most of a bottle of wine, and I was suddenly horny. I glanced at Nick to see his reaction to the story and he was smiling. My eyes darted down involuntarily and although he had tried to adjust his clothing to cover it, he quite obviously had a raging hard-on under his jeans.
I should mention that when I'm drunk I have a truely filthy mind. But I'm usually too shy to do much with it. But I was having an idea and I wanted to see how far Tom would go. So I pushed him again "So, would you let other people watch you?"
I should point out that while we'd been having sex for months, I'd never seen him actually play with himself, not even during foreplay.
Fortunately, he didn't think too hard about it before shrugging "sure". He must have then gotten an inkling of what I was thinking and tilted his head sideways at me. But I was quicker off the mark.
"Go on then, I want to see you do it" I fired back. "Right now".
His mouth opened and shut and nothing came out. He tried very hard not to look at Nick, and stammered "But... Nick... ".
I retorted quickly "I'm sure Nick won't mind watching". Looking over at Nick, hoping he would play along.
He didn't, saying "Actually I don't really think..."
I cut him off - I wasn't letting go of this. "OK, I get that you're not gay, but it'll be fun."
He blinked at me and said nothing.
"How about I sweeten the deal?" I raised my eyebrow and looked from one to the other. "I'll take off my shirt, if Tom jerks off for us."
Tom was still staring at us in stunned silence. The auction had started.
I knew Nick fancied me. Tom had told me. I have nice D-cup boobs and I was wearing a low cut top this evening. Nick was not hiding the fact that he was openly staring at my tits now.
"If you take off your bra too, then ok" - Nick put in a higher bid.
We were off, but I wasn't prepared to stop there and I was drunk and horny enough to try it on. Tom was still stunned.
I went for broke "If both of you jerk off for me, I'll get completely naked".
I knew Nick was shy, and I fully expected to have to fight him on this. But he shot back "OK", without even hesitating and was already unzipping his pants when Tom caught up to what had just happened.
"Woah, what?" Tom managed. He looked at me imploringly, trying to mentally tell me I was barking mad. The sound of Nicks belt made us both turn.
Nick was sitting there on the couch next to me, with his jeans undone, his dick in his hand and a huge grin on his face. My turn to leave my mouth hanging open - it turns out Nick has a massive cock. At least 2 inches longer than Toms and he was rock hard. My heart skipped a couple of beats as I turned back to Tom.
"Well, shit" was all he could manage and started unzipping his jeans.
Toms cock was a little smaller, but still more than average and again rock hard. My mind was blown. This was a definite first for me.
Nick popped my head-spinning bubble when he said "Your turn. Completely nude remember."
Now it was my turn to be that rabbit caught in the headlight beams. My heart was racing, but I had engineered my own demise. There was no going back. So, I stood up and faced the guys - one sitting on each end of the three-seater couch. Both of them were stroking their lovely cocks slowly, while they mentally undressed me. Might as well make it worth their while I thought.
Nobody was paying any attention to the television, but there was some music playing on the movie so I started slowly swaying to it. I had both hands on my hips and slowly moved them up over my dress, caressing my body outside my clothes. Over my stomach. My hands paused under my breasts and slowly cupped them, sliding up over where my nipples were, paying particular attention to them. They were hardening under my bra and I was pretty sure the guys could see them through my slinky dress. I was wearing a thigh-length one-piece black dress, which hugged my figure quite closely and ended in some ruffles around a low-cut scoop neck, which showed off a considerable amount of cleavage.
Both guys were totally fixated on me, unaware of each other. And both were jerking faster now. I was loving it.
I reached up behind me and unclipped my bra, then slipped it off my arms and popped it out underneath without taking the dress off. I smoothed the dress back down over my boobs, making sure the guys could clearly see my now very hard nipples. I really wanted to say something sexy, to be crude and turn them on even more, but I couldn't think of anything to say. I was nervous. So I kept quiet and continued the show.
The movie music was evidently the final credits, because now it ended and the room went quiet except for the wet slapping noises of two horny guys masturbating right in front of me. It didn't matter, I kept dancing to their beat.
By now the two guys were starting to glance at each other from time to time, checking each other out. Clearly enjoying everything that was going on. Perhaps another one of my fantasies would come true as well - being with two guys playing with each other. I was hopeful.
Next, I carefully hooked my fingers into each side of my underwear, careful to avoid lifting up my dress too much, and I slowly slid them down my legs. As I slid them down past my knees I leaned way forwards, giving them what I hoped was a great view of my tits. As my underwear hit the floor I was greated with soft moans and even faster hand action.
I stood back up, now completely naked except for my slinky short dress.
Satisfied I had my audience in absolute rapture, I crossed my arms and slowly started wiggling my dress upwards. First giving the guys their first glimpse of my neatly trimmed nethers. Then my stomach, then up until I hoped the bottom of my tits was just visible. There I paused.
I found my voice. I smiled my naughtiest smile and said something I'd been rehearsing in my head the past couple of minutes - so I didn't screw it up. "So, big boys... if I take this all the way off, are you going to get all the way off for me?" It sounded corny as soon as I said it and I felt myself blushing, but I don't think they cared.
Tom was nodding like someone in a trance. Nick simply said "You'd better be quick".
I didn't need telling twice. My dress slid up over my boobs and off over my head, dropping to the floor next to me. I was completely naked.
Nick was starting to grunt and breath hard. I quickly kneeled down between them and put my hand on each of their legs.
Nicks eyes were glued to my tits, and his hand was almost a blur. Then he suddenly stopped and just squeezed his cock. The first jet of sticky white cum shot out of his cock and landed on his stomach. His head went back and the next few spurts hit him in the chest. He slowly stroked out the rest, squeezing every drop out, eventually opening his eyes again and smiling at me.
Tom was watching all of this and was clearly loving seeing Nick cumming at the sight of me... or at least I hoped he was. Tom grabbed my unresisting hand and pulled it gently to him, wrapping it around his cock. With his hand still on top of mine, he started making me jerk him before letting go and watching me happily carry on.
Toms cock was well lubricated and my hand slid easily over his head and down his shaft. He was starting to breath heavily too.
I glanced at Nick. He was still wanking just as fast as before and was watching my hand on Toms cock.
"Faster!" demanded Tom.
I focused on Toms cock. Moving my hand down the shaft with just the right grip, then back up over the head, careful not to rub too hard. Moving as fast as I could. He reached out to touch my nipple but that was enough to put him over the edge and he started shooting goo all over my hands and his legs. I didn't stop jerking him until he was bucking and twitching. I let him go and turned back to Nick.
I couldn't believe Nick was still going. I stood up and put one knee on the couch between then so I could push my tits into Nicks face. His lips and tongue were all over my nipples. Damn that felt good and I was so friking wet. Nick stopped licking and as I looked down at him I felt his cum hit my stomach and boobs. I jumped at the surprise, although I was totally expecting it. I was wound so tightly by that time.
The three of us sat on the couch next to each other for a long time, before anyone spoke.
It was Tom that broke the silence. "I guess we better go before Sarah gets home". To which Nick snapped back to reality and nodded agreement before getting up and heading for the bathroom to clean up.
When Nick was gone, Tom and I just looked at each other and mouthed "Farrrrrrk". Neither of us could really believe that just happened. We got cleaned up a bit. I decided to get dressed and shower when I got home. Nick was still in the bathroom.
We waited around a bit but Nick didn't reappear. So we called out that we were leaving and got a muffled reply "OK". It was a weird ending to a very happy ending. Tom and I headed home and talked about it on the way home, reliving it again in conversation. Tom joked that Nick was probably knocking another out in the bathroom thinking about me.
Of course when we got home, I practically ripped Toms clothes off and had the most desperately horny sex I've ever had with him. Perhaps that's a whole other story for another time.