This story deals with betrayal, cheating, and infidelity. If that's not what you like, then you'll probably want to read a different story. This chapter picks up almost exactly where chapter 4 left off. Like the preceding chapter, this one consists in relatively short scenes involving Ian and Jess as their relationship progresses. I initially intended to have the next chapter be the last, but both of these vignettes wound up longer than expected, so there may be two more.
As ever, many thanks to the reader who proposed the idea for the story and whose input has helped guide me as I wrote.
-----
Feels Like the First Time
Jess whimpered, a bit pitifully, as Ian's cock head forced its way into her virgin ass. This, she thought, was worth it.
Not half an hour earlier, her lover Ian had fucked her cunt hard and hosed her down with cum, and she'd decided to taunt him with the prospect of fucking her ass. Ian leaped at the bait and now, she was bent over on her mattress, her pert ass up in the air, her cheek pressed into the mattress, her hands clutching feebly at the sheets as Ian opened her up.
She'd put her first toy in earlier that day, a slender, silver butt plug with a crimson rhinestone on its flared base. Ian had been enthralled by it. When she'd presented her ass to him, just after he'd fucked her pussy with his monstrous cock, he'd been unable to look away. And when she said to him, with her quiet, soft, innocent voice, "Please, sir, don't take my last virginity. You're too big for me. You'd have to hold me down and work it in." he had lunged, practically knocking her over out of eagerness to break in her last unsullied hole.
Everything had gone according to plan.
Jess had wound up bent over Ian's knee, her bare ass in the air and his engorged prick pressing insistently into her stomach. She'd squirmed on his lap, not seriously trying to escape (not that she could, if he really wanted to pin her down). A few stinging slaps to her ass made her settle down, and she stuck her lower lip out at him in a pout. "Have I been a bad girl, sir?" she asked.
This was a new game for Ian, but he took to it gracefully. "You've been a tease, baby. If you're gonna tease, you've got to please."
Jess shook her ass as she replied. "I'll do my best, sir." That's when Ian started spanking her. It was a novel experience for Jess. Ian had decided, some time ago, that he wanted to live out all of her boyfriend Kyle's fantasies, and Jess agreed to make it happen, delighting in the secret knowledge that her lover was living the life her boyfriend wanted to have.
One of those fantasies was to take Jess's anal virginity. Kyle had let slip that he wanted to try spanking her as well, but she had never let him, telling him it was degrading. But somehow it wasn't degrading when Ian did it; she felt comfortable and safe with him, and she was able to indulge her own baser nature without worrying about being judged.
So when his hand cracked against her ass, she felt the pain, but she also felt something else—a frisson of excitement and exhilaration that left her breathing hard and writhing in his lap. He followed each stinging slap with a brief squeeze of one of her tight, firm cheeks, giving her a sort of mini-massage to ease the pain. Before long, Jess found herself eagerly anticipating each slap, her pussy clenching as soon as the blow fell. Her little squeals and whines became moans of pleasure, and before long Ian's caresses got longer and the slaps less frequent, until he abandoned the pretense entirely and just slid two long, dexterous fingers up into her and probed and stroked her until she gushed all over his hand.
She was still bent over Ian's knee, enjoying the afterglow, when she felt him tug at the plug in her ass. Jess bit her lower lip as she felt the widest part of the toy slip out of her, slowly, pulled free by Ian's strong hand. Her tight rosebud showed no sign that it had been occupied, instantly shrinking back to its normal size.
Jess looked at the scene in the mirror. The toy had been part of a set, designed to train people for anal sex, and she'd just slid the smallest toy into place earlier that day. The other three plugs had been on her nightstand, in easy reach of the bed, and Ian hadn't failed to notice them—or the bottle of lube she'd bought at the same time. He picked up the lube and the next largest toy, a shiny silver plug as thick as two of her fingers at its widest point and about five inches long, with a deep green rhinestone set in its flared base.
Ian held the toy over's Jess's ass and drizzled lube all over it, the excess spilling off and coating her ass, making it slick and shiny. He took a moment to rub her ass. Both of them enjoyed the sensation of his rough hand gliding easily across her smooth skin. Jess flinched when he drew near to her asshole, but managed to keep still enough as he circled that tight rosebud with his fingers, coating it with lubricant.
"Are you going to train my ass, sir?" Jess said. Ian's cock throbbed against her, hearing those filthy words spilling from her mouth in her innocent-sounding voice. Ian didn't say anything in response. Instead he took the plug and held it up to Jess's asshole, lining it up with that tight entrance and pushing gently. Jess bit her lower lip as she felt the pressure mount until her ass opened just enough for the toy to penetrate her.
The tip slid in, and Ian kept pushing as Jess felt her ass spread to accept to invading implement. She'd gotten accustomed to the smaller toy, but this one was longer and wider, and Jess could feel the first faint twinges of pain as the toy spread her open and penetrated deeper than its predecessor. But that faded quickly, as soon as Ian slid the widest part of the toy inside her. Jess's tight asshole immediately clenched around the thin part of the toy, just above the flared base; she felt curiously full, but it wasn't an unpleasant sensation.
"Very good, babe," said Ian. He twirled the end of the toy, making Jess aware of the minute imperfections in its surface as it spun on its axis inside her. Then he slid it back and forth slightly, not enough to pull it out, but enough for her to feel a faint tug as the wide part of the toy tried to escape from her tight grip. "How do you feel?" asked Ian.
"It feels good, sir. I think I can try a bigger one."
Ian nodded and slowly slid the plug out of her. Jess felt the same things she'd felt when he inserted it, but in reverse—a faint hint of pain when her asshole stretched around the widest part, and a diminishing sensation of fullness. When it was free, Ian set it down beside its smaller companion. Jess expected him to grab the third toy, but he surprised her, going instead for the fourth and largest plug. This one had a sky blue rhinestone on its base, and it was as thick around as three fingers and about seven inches long—still not as big as Ian, but big enough to be scary.
Jess watched in silent anticipation as Ian coated the toy thoroughly in lube, again letting the excess run off onto her ass. Ian caught her eye in the mirror and raised one eyebrow. She just nodded, a bit hesitantly, and gave him a small, brave smile. The toy was a bit cold when Ian brought it to her tight hole, and she shivered when it made contact.
Even the tapered tip of this plug was larger than the small toy she'd experimented with earlier in the day. When Ian started to push it into her, Jess grimaced. There was no way something like this could fit inside me, she thought. But Ian stroked her hair, and slowly worked it into her over the space of perhaps five minutes. By the end of the process, Jess found herself breathing hard, but not in pain—Ian's touch and indeed his mere presence exerted a calming effect on her, and once she relaxed the toy slid in easily.
The two of them formed a stationary tableau for a few minutes, with Jess bent over Ian's knees, slightly flushed and sweaty, the glittering blue stone nestled between her cheeks the only external evidence of their recent efforts. Ian's cock was pressed up against her stomach, and he hadn't gotten any softer as he slowly stretched her out. If anything, Ian was harder now than she'd ever seen or felt.
Ian started to play with the toy, just as he had done with its smaller brother earlier. He twirled it in place, pulled it out partway before sliding it back in, pushed it in deeper with his thumb. There was some pain from his ministrations, but Jess found she kind of liked it—the pain provided a counterpoint to the other (vastly more powerful) pleasurable sensations. She reached down, between Ian's legs, and started to stroke him as best she could in her awkward position, trying to jerk him off in time with his actions with the toy currently lodged inside her.
Before long, both Ian and Jess were too excited to be satisfied with this gentle play. Jess wasn't sure if she could take Ian inside her unused ass, but she knew she had to try. And she somehow knew he wouldn't hurt her; if she couldn't handle his size, it wouldn't mean the end of their relationship.
She nodded at him in the mirror. "I'm ready," she said, her voice quavering with nervous energy. Then she slid off his knees and climbed back onto the bed, facing the mirror on the door, her ass toward Ian. That's when she was reminded that Ian had never closed to door to the hall all the way. Not too long ago, the thought that someone might have heard her cries during their earlier fuck, or that someone might nudge the door just a bit and get an eyeful, would have made Jess terrified. But after Ian had fucked her in a restaurant while her boyfriend sat, unknowing, less than twenty yards away, she'd been secretly turned on by the notion of public sex. So she did nothing.
Ian took up a position standing behind her and eased the large toy from her tight ass. She seemed to be unwilling to let it go, and Ian had to pull harder than expected to get the plug free. Jess moaned as it came loose. "It was just getting used to feeling so full," she said, teasingly. "You'd better put something else in there, sir, before I forget how it felt."
Ian smiled and poured yet more lube over his own cock, working it up and down his length with long strokes of his hand. Moving slowly and carefully, he positioned himself behind Jess, lining himself up with her tight rosebud, which was itself slick and shiny with lube and slightly distended from their recent endeavors. He pushed, gently but firmly. Jess let out a little squeal and tried to relax. She could feel her ass opening, yielding to his insistent pressure.
Aside from Ian's sheer size, the biggest difference between his cock and the plugs they'd been playing with was that the plugs tapered to a fairly thin point, and didn't immediately swell outward to their full size. Jess felt she had some time to get used to the size of each toy. But Ian's cock didn't afford that opportunity. By the time his head had pierced her tight ring, she was breathing hard, and her eyes were squeezed shut—partially from pain, but more from concentration. Jess knew that she had to fight her body's natural reflex to resist and try to force Ian's intruding member out, or she'd be much worse off. So instead she focused on her breathing and forced herself to remain relaxed, even as Ian slid himself deeper and deeper into her, inch by inch.
She was dimly aware of Ian muttering words of encouragement to her. Time passed—she didn't know how much—and Jess realized that Ian had stopped moving. His hips were up against her, his body warm and comforting, and she felt stuffed full. Her face was turned down toward the bed, and she had gathered up great handfuls of her bedding in her white-knuckled grip. She forced herself to look up, and in the mirror she saw Ian smiled beneficently at her. "You okay, babe?" he asked.
Jess smiled, a bit weakly, and nodded. "Give me a minute to get used to it?" she asked.
"Of course," replied Ian. "Tell me when you're ready."
Jess closed her eyes and concentrated on the steady rhythm of her breathing. She loosened her grip, extending her fingers until she had her palms down flat on the mattress. There was tension in the small of her back and in between her shoulder blades; Jess felt it dissipate as she breathed in and out, steadily. There was some pain where Ian was stretching her, but rather than dissuade her, the pain made Jess hunger for more. She was just about to give Ian the okay when he started moving on his own. He had read her responses and knew that she was ready, even without her say-so.
He rocked his hips back and forth, slowly, in small movements. And before long Jess found herself moving as well, rocking forward when he moved back, making his thrusts longer and deeper. Even when he was stuffed deep in her ass, Ian was more than big enough to stimulate her cunt as well; she felt faint tingles of sensation when he bottomed out in her. Jess slid one hand between her legs and, after briefly fondling Ian's oversized balls, she started to rub her clit in a circular motion.
"Good idea, babe," Ian said, as he picked up his pace. He was sliding a bit more than half his length in and out of her with each stroke now, and with Jess pushing back against him, their hips met with an audible smack each time they reconnected. She could feel him lean forward and reach for something, before he reached around her and pushed her hand out of the way. A faint buzz came up from between her legs as Ian pressed her little silver bullet against her clit, and Jess moaned as it sent waves of pleasure through her body.
She closed her eyes, and Ian sped up again, taking her ass with long, deep strokes. Jess lowered her cheek to the mattress, leaving her ass up in the air; the change in position made Ian's thrusts seem to go deeper, and each time he hilted himself in her his sack swung forward and just barely kissed her slit. She could feel her legs spreading further apart, lowering her hips, giving him easier access, and as she slid down Ian's thrusts got more and more powerful.
Jess drifted off on a cloud of sensations—the overstuffed feeling of Ian's cock in her ass, the tingling pleasure of him sliding in and out of her stretched slick rosebud, the curiously muted sensations in her pussy as his thickness impinged on those nerves, and the humming delight between her legs from the little silver toy pressed firmly against her button.
A small sound from the hall outside her door made snap her head up. She pushed herself back up, in the process driving her ass back toward Ian. "Well, looks like you're ready to get going for real," he said, before redoubling his pace.
Jess's head dropped again for a moment and she gasped at the sudden assault and the sharp spike of euphoria that accompanied it. When she raised it once again, she saw something disturbing: her door had been opened partway. Ian had left it cracked, but now it was open about an inch, more than enough for someone in the hall to see in. And the hall lights were off. But Jess was sure she saw movement in the shadows, just outside her door, some sort of small rhythmic motion. "I think someone's watching us," she said between thrusts.
"Good," said Ian. "Let's give them a show." He reached forward, grabbing a handful of Jess's long dark hair, the pencils that had been holding it up having long since fallen out. He hauled back on it, forcing Jess's head up and her face toward to partially-opened door. He started to fuck her harder, letting out small grunts of effort as he hammered home. Jess felt herself rocked forward by each thrust, and it didn't take long before her eyes started fluttering as she came.
She bit her lip, determined not to make her climax obvious to the unknown onlooker, but Ian kept pounding her, and her little silver bullet was right there on her clit, and she felt so good, and she felt the long moan escape her lips before she could bite it back.
"Look at yourself," Ian hissed. Jess did, gazing into the mirror. Her face was flushed, her mouth hung open, and her skin glowed with exertion. The flush covered her whole chest as well, her nipples were proud and stiff, and her tits swung freely underneath her as Ian sped up once more, fucking her ass now like he did her pussy. Some part of her was astonished that she was able to take such a massive dick in her ass. Ian was behind her, the lean muscles covering his arms and chest standing out as he hauled her back onto him. Jess had to admit that watching them fuck was hot.
Still, she wasn't quite able to let go. "What if it's Kyle? Or one of his friends?" she said, haltingly, pausing every few words to gather himself as another orgasm approached quickly.
"They've been there for ten minutes." Ian said, quietly. "Just watching. Maybe we should invite them in." Jess moaned. "Give them a real show." Jess's eyes closed and she came, thinking of the many times she'd fingered herself while watching in the mirror and the video she'd made for Ian. Could I be an exhibitionist? she thought. The shiver of pleasure that went up her spine at the thought gave her a definitive answer.
Jess opened her eyes and looked out at the shadowy figure in the hall. With a wicked grin on her face she crooked two fingers, beckoning whoever was out there watching inside.
The watcher came in, closing the door behind her. Their audience was a woman; she was short and mousy, and when she came in she had her eyes downcast, refusing to make eye contact with either of them. The voyeur was Asian, with glossy black hair and a heart-shaped face. She was wearing thin, black-rimmed glasses, a loose-fitting t-shirt, and pajama pants. The pants were pulled down slightly and were askew, providing a good view of one hip and a faint hint of the thin line of dark hair above the newcomer's pussy.
Jess's jaw dropped in surprise. The watcher in the hall was Ella, one of her best friends. Ian saw her reaction. He slowed down, his cock sawing out of Jess's ass at a considerably slower pace. "So, you two know each other?" he asked, turning Jess's head to look at her friend. Ella nodded shyly. "Do you think Jess is pretty?" Ella nodded again, blushing slightly. "Did you like watching us?" Another nod as the blush deepened. "Were you touching yourself?" Ella looked down at the floor, and her blush became almost crimson—it wasn't a nod, but her reaction and her disheveled state made the truth clear. "Well, don't let us stop you. In fact..."
Ian's voice trailed off, and he released Jess's hair. He pulled out of her ass, and Jess found herself moving back with him, trying reflexively to keep him inside her. But he was faster, and he extracted himself, leaving Jess feeling curiously empty. He gave her a quick, light slap on the ass, making Jess jump slightly, and said "Get up, babe. I think you should run the show for a while." Jess rose, not quite sure what he meant, and Ian slid into her bed, his back up against the headboard, his feet toward Ella, and his monolithic cock standing proud, jutting up from his groin.
That's when Jess got it; she got back on the bed and crawled slowly and seductively toward Ian. She knew Ella must have had a great view of her freshly-fucked ass and her dripping pussy as she crawled, and indeed she could hear Ella's breath quicken slightly. Jess dropped a bit lower, dragging her breasts up Ian's legs, trapping his shaft between them briefly (she could feel his pulse then, against her breastbone) bringing them up his chest to his face, then pulling away when he tried to snare one of her nipples in his teeth.
She ground herself against him, his cock nestled in the cleft of her ass, her pussy mashed against his pubic bone. They kissed again, and as they did Jess reached back to grasp Ian's cock and slide him back into her ass. But Ian stopped her. "No," he murmured. "Face her." Jess broke into a broad smile and turned. Ella was leaning against the wall opposite the bed, still blushing deeply. She had slipped one hand into the front of her pants and both Ian and Jess could see her fingers moving slowly underneath the waistband.
"Want to see what my lover's taught me to do today?" Jess asked. Ella gave a small nod. Jess rose up slightly, positioning herself over Ian's stiff tool, and lined up his helmet with her tight back passage. She hovered there for a moment, with Ian's cock poised for entry, and then lowered herself slowly. The sensation of Ian once again splitting her open and filling her up was like the return of an old, nearly forgotten friend—even though it had been mere minutes since Jess had him inside her, she still yearned for it, and feeling him once again filled a need she didn't previously know she had.
Ella watched, mouth open slightly, eyes wide, as Jess descended slowly onto Ian's cock. Ian's hands went to Jess's hips as he assisted her, pulling gently downwards. Jess met Ella's gaze, and Jess could see a deep desire in her friend's eyes—a desire to be where Jess was, to be fucked by a powerful, confident man like Ian.
Jess felt her ass make contact with Ian's groin, and she realized that she'd taken him all the way. She looked down, past her full, firm breasts and her dripping slit, and could see Ian's swollen balls underneath her; every inch of him was inside her ass once again. Ella seemed thunderstruck by Jess's ability to take all of Ian's impressive member. "How... just how?" she asked, stammering slightly.
Jess gave her a slightly strained smile and replied, "He taught me well and he warmed me up. And then I just relax and I can start to do this..." As she finished speaking, she starting to rise and fall, squeezing her ass slightly on each upstroke. She started out slow, and Ella watched, enraptured, as Jess's tight asshole milked Ian's cock like a tight fist. But soon, Jess started to speed up. Through it all, Ian just stared at Ella, his gaze hot on her skin; she couldn't meet his eyes for more than a moment without blushing crimson and looking away.
Ian slapped Jess's ass as she bounced up and down on him. The sudden pain made her yelp slightly—but it also made her pussy clench hard. "Fuck, baby—do that again!" she asked. Ian complied, gripping her ass afterward and jiggling it in his hand. "Thank you, sir!" Jess squealed. "I've been a bad girl. Cheating on my boyfriend and letting you take my... oh!" She yelped before finishing her statement as Ian's big hand came down on her ass once more. Jess found herself speeding up as Ian spanked her. Ella kept playing with herself, her hand moving faster as well in time with Jess's rising and falling.
Before long, Jess was riding Ian like the stallion he was. He stopped spanking her, and his hands were around her waist now, helping her as she lifted herself off him over and over only to drop back down each time. Ella's eyes were glazed with lust, as she watching Jess and Ian's furious coupling. She let out a small whimper, her lip quivering, and came—Jess and Ian watched as her eyes rolled back in her head and she started to twitch and shake spasmodically, sliding down the wall, ending up sitting on the floor with her legs spread and her hips bucking up involuntarily.
Ian let out a short bark of laughter. "Guess we make a hot couple, babe." Jess was too far gone to answer, as she was rapidly approaching her own climax. Her eyes were closed, and her head lolled bonelessly from side to side as she rode Ian, her tits bouncing frantically. Ian grabbed Jess's hair, gathering it into an improvised ponytail, and pulled gently, forcing her head back and making her arch her back at the peak of each bounce. Jess groaned as the small pains—his hand in her hair, the burn in her thighs and calves from her vigorous motion, the warm tingling pains from where Ian had spanked her—joined with the euphoric pleasures coming from her pussy and her ass, and she came. Her juices spilled—practically gushed—from her cunt, soaking Ian's balls and the bed beneath him.
She didn't stop riding him, though, and she swiftly felt another orgasm building hot on the heels of the first. But then she was caught by surprise when Ian brought her little silver bullet back into play, reaching around her body and pressing it firmly against her clit. She practically howled, making Ella flinch slightly, and came again. This time, she lost control of her legs. At the top of one bounce, she froze, legs trembling, and then collapsed. Ian gave a small grunt as she landed on him heavily, and started thrusting up into her—the fact that she couldn't ride him was no reason for him to lose out on his enjoyment.
Jess's loud, screaming orgasm formed a counterpoint to Ella's small, quiet one. The busty brunette rode her lover and wailed, while the petite raven-haired Asian fingered herself on the floor and whimpered, both of them cumming in unison. Only Ian remained unsatisfied.
But that situation wouldn't last for long. Jess's convulsions swiftly proved too much for Ian, and with a groan he pulled her off of his cock. She fell back against him, his cock sticking up between her legs, her back resting on his broad, sweat-slick chest, her head on his shoulder. Ian reached around her and grasped his cock—and after a single quick stroke, he went off.
Perhaps it was the eroticism of the situation, or the thrill of deflowering Jess's last virgin hole, or the effect of an orgasm too long delayed, but Ian's eruption was overwhelming. He threw his head back, banging it against the wall, as silver-white streams jettisoned from him to splash against Jess's body.
The first spurt overshot her almost completely, striking the wall just by Ian's head, leaving a trail down onto his shoulder and into Jess's hair. There was a pause, as if he was building up pressure for another volley, and then a second spurt burst from him and left a thick, bright-white line running from just between her firm D-cups and up across her face, closing her left eye, and past her hairline where it stood out start against her dark hair. There was another brief pause, and then a third blast joined the second, landing on one breast right over her pink, proud nipple, streaking up onto her shoulder.
Then the brief pauses ceased, as Ian loosed what seemed like a dozen more bolts of seed, long ropy streams that rained down on Jess like water from a lawn sprinkler, leaving drops and streaks of cum all over her upper body. Ella gasped and Jess's back arched and relaxed over and over as Ian drenched her thoroughly. Rivulets started to slowly trickle down to her stomach, and as they rivulets met and joined they became slow-flowing streams of white spunk.
Ian's torrent slowed, the ending of his orgasm coming out as a nearly steady stream instead of distinct blasts, soaking Jess's flat stomach and pooling in her belly button. Ian, Jess, and Ella were all panting. Jess was thoroughly coated in Ian's cum from the waist up; Ian had even managed to get a fair bit on his own shoulder and chest and the wall behind him. Jess slid off of Ian and turned toward him. He put his arm around her, seemingly unconcerned about the fact that she looked like a Jackson Pollock painting done in one color. Both of them had the eyes closed, and Jess nestled up against her lover with a small sigh.
Ella rose on unsteady legs, using the wall for support, and took a shaky step to the recovering lovers. Ian opened one eye and gave her a smirk. "You're welcome to join us." The dozing Jess didn't seem to notice, and Ella froze, eyes wide. "I... uh... I... going," she stammered, before fleeing the room. Ian closed his eye again and relaxed, with the cum-covered Jess curled up against him, both of them drifting off to sleep in each others' arms.
-----
Waiting For a Girl Like You
Ian was nervous. It was an unfamiliar feeling for him; normally, he was possessed of a confidence bordering on arrogance (if he was honest, it spilled over into arrogance pretty regularly). But tonight was, apparently, an unusual night.
He had a date, but that wasn't unusual. It was with someone he'd been fucking for some time, which was a bit odd—normally, he'd go out with a girl then take her home and fuck her, but things had gone differently with this one. Still, he thought, that shouldn't make me nervous; after all, if I know I'm getting laid tonight, that takes the pressure off, right? But that thought didn't help him relax.
Next door, Kyle banged on the wall and yelled "Turn down the music, asshole!" Ian ignored him; in fact, a few nights he'd intentionally turned his speakers toward the wall in a little fuck-you to the whiny prick next door. Right now, he was playing some Metallica—mainly because it seemed that Kyle really hated it. When he left for his date, the music would stay on, ensuring that Kyle didn't have a restful night.
Of course, if Ian's date decided to come back to his room, then the music would go off. It would go off, so Kyle could better hear Ian as he fucked Kyle's girlfriend Jess six ways to Sunday.
It wasn't the first time Ian and Jess had done that, either. Kyle still didn't know that his girlfriend has become Ian's lover. Ian would sometimes barge in on Kyle on the increasingly rare times they were together (often with a prearranged signal from Jess, or just when he thought it would be funny). And when he did, it would spoil Jess and Kyle's romantic moments. Ian also went out of his way to make life difficult for Kyle—the music was part of that, but he would also sneak into Kyle's room and take some of his stuff or delete important files from his computer. It was easy enough for him to do; the RA was a woman, and Ian had charmed her soon after moving in. And even if he hadn't, the lock to Kyle's room from their shared bathroom was busted thanks to a particularly vigorous fuck he'd had with Jess up against Kyle's door.
Thanks to this torment, Kyle had become a mess. It was no surprise that Jess was spending less and less time with him. What was shocking was that she was spending the time with the man responsible for her erstwhile boyfriend's dissolution. But Ian and Jess got along well with one another. At first, they'd been bitter enemies, but after their first night together, that started to change. Ian gave Jess the best fuck(s) of her life, and Jess did likewise for Ian. But it was more than that—they had started hanging out and just talking, instead of spending all their time fucking. And when they did they discovered that they actually liked each other as something other than fuck-buddies.
Perhaps that was why Ian was pacing in his room, stopping regularly to look at himself in the mirror. Jess was far from the first girl he'd fucked. Hell, she wasn't even the first girl he'd fucked while she was seeing someone else. But she might have been the first girl he'd wanted to spend time with outside of fucking her.
Ian's nervous pacing was interrupted by a small buzz from his phone. He couldn't suppress a small smile when he saw it was a text from Jess. "Downstairs. Come and get me," it said. Ian practically flew from his room, bounding down the stairs of his dorm.
She was waiting for him on the steps at the front of the dorm, in a tight little black dress that showed off an almost scandalous amount of cleavage thanks to its plunging neckline. The dress was short, coming to an end just a few inches below her pert ass, and it clung to her curves. A thin silver necklace hung around her chain, and more silver flashed at one wrist. A pair of small, dangling earrings hung from her ears—also silver, set with sapphires that seemed to match her eyes. Her black fuck-me pumps added a few inches to her height and made her calves look amazing. She was wearing a bit of makeup—some pale lipstick, together with dark eyeliner—and her long, dark hair was up, a few loose ringlets falling down.
Jess gave Ian a shy smile when she saw him, and he returned it. Both of them blushed slightly. "Wow," said Ian, "you look... amazing."
Jess's blush deepened. "You like it? Kyle picked it out." Ian arched an eyebrow, and she continued. "I tried on a bunch of outfits and sent him pictures. He thought this was the sexiest. And do you know what?" She walked over to him, her hips swaying seductively, and Ian felt his heart speed up as she grew closer. Jess ran a finger up his chest idly, feeling his firm muscles underneath his shirt, and with a wicked smile she said "He even picked out what I'm wearing underneath."
Ian swallowed audibly. "How'd you manage to get him to do that?"
"I told him I was going out with Ella... and I may have hinted I'd be visiting him afterward."
"Kyle's in for a disappointing night, then—you're all mine tonight." Ian pulled Jess to him possessively and kissing her. She melted into his arms and into the kiss, moaning gently into his mouth as their lips joined.
"Mmm, if you kiss me like that again we won't get out of the parking lot before I have to fuck you," she murmured after their lips parted.
"Don't tempt me," Ian replied. He straightened up and stepped away from Jess. "Shall we?" he asked, offering her his arm.
She took it, saying "What a gentleman," and the two of them set off for downtown and their date. Ian had made reservations for them at a little French restaurant, Bistro Du Coin. They arrived right on time, coming in arm in arm, laughing together, and were seated promptly. The two of them made small talk over a bottle of red wine. Ian told Jess about his family, his past, and his plans for the future, and Jess shared hers with him. He was surprised to find that he enjoyed their flirty conversation, and she left him wanting more.
Their food arrived, and their chat continued, as Jess told Ian about her week, unburdening herself of all the minor irritants of life. Ian listened attentively, slipping comfortably into the role of sounding board. When the meal was over, Ian realized something: he didn't want Jess to shut up. He was genuinely enjoying their talk, something that almost never happened. Normally, he saw conversations like this as a necessary prelude to fucking—but this one was enjoyable in and of itself.
It certainly helped that the woman he was talking to was a vision of loveliness. Even though her dress showed off her large, firm breasts, Ian wound up unable to look away from her dazzling blue eyes. Even when their dessert came, he was scarcely able to tear himself away from her gaze.
"You okay, babe?" she asked him, her brow furrowed in concern.
Her question caught Ian off guard. "Yeah, of course—why?"
"Because you've been staring at me without saying anything for five minutes."
Ian felt his face get hot. "Uh... sorry?" he stammered.
Jess tittered briefly. "It's fine, babe. What were you thinking about?"
Ian looked away, a bit shyly, and said "I wasn't really thinking of anything. I was just enjoying being with you."
Now, it was Jess's turn to blush. "That's so sweet. I like being with you too." The two of them locked eyes, and Ian's breath quickened. Ian looked away first, but Jess was the first to speak. "Well... so..." she said, searching for some way to restart the conversation. "So, what are we going to do after this?"
Ian—grateful for the chance to change the subject—replied, "I was thinking we'd hit a bar, get a few drinks, maybe a bit of dancing? Then back to my place or yours." Jess nodded thoughtfully.
"We can't go to my place... my room is a disaster."
"All right, then, my place it is. Kyle will be there, you know." Jess's jaw dropped open in mock surprise. Ian continued, "I wonder how long it'll take for the little shit to realize that you're the woman who's been keeping him awake."
"One of the women, you mean," answered Jess, playfully.
Ian shook his head. "Nope. Just you for a few months now."
"Oh? You don't have anyone else keeping those balls of yours from getting all full and backed up?"
"You're all I need, little lady." Ian's face fell as he realized what he had just said. The words hung in the air between them for a long, frozen moment. Jess looked gobsmacked, and Ian felt a chill wash over him, as if he'd just made a huge mistake.
But then her features softened, and her hand sought out his on the tabletop. When their fingers touched, he took her hand in his, and she said, sweetly, "You're all I need too, Sir." Relief broke over Ian like a wave, and a wide, boyish grin appeared on his face.
"You know," Jess said, "we could skip dancing and drinks and just go back to your place." Ian did something then that surprised her—and surprised him even more. He shook his head no.
"Nah, I want to give you a night on the town." As he said it, he realized it was true—he wasn't just taking her out as a way to charm her into dropping her panties. Hell, he knew from past experience that all he had to do to get Jess in bed was ask. He didn't even always need to ask; a word, or a glance, could do the trick.
"Well, a night out on the arm of a charming gentleman—what more could a lady want?" Jess asked rhetorically. Then she looked down at their dessert, and added "I think we should finish this and head out. When we get to the club, I'll show you how I like to dance for my man." She winked at him seductively.
The two of them finished their dessert, paid, and left. After a short trip, they wound up at one of the few nightclubs in their small college town. It was crowded—the shortage of night-life in their town meant that many students wound up here most evenings. Almost as soon as they arrived, Jess started swaying with the music, her hips swinging from side to side hypnotically as she strode out onto the dance floor. Ian followed, led on like an animal on a leash, unable to keep away from her. They wound up in the middle of a crowd of dancing students.
The rest of the night was kind of a blur to Ian. He remembered feeling Jess grinding against him, her dark hair falling in front of her face. At some point, they'd made their way to the center of the dance floor, and she'd run her hand up his inner thigh and found his cock, squeezing it through his pants briefly before retreating. They'd found a corner where they'd made out, her in his arms and her shoulders against the wall.
Both of them were a bit drunk and giddy with excitement when they returned to Ian's dorm, sometime after midnight. Ian was holding Jess's hand, leading her through his building to his hall, and she was laughing at something or other. They got to the hall that housed his room and Kyle's, and he shushed her, a bit melodramatically, drawing another brief titter from Jess. She got herself under control, and he pushed open the door and together they darted down the hall to his room.
The music he'd left on was still playing when they entered. Jess saw how he'd turned the speakers to the wall he shared with Kyle. She waggled a finger at him. "Bad boy, tormenting my boyfriend like this." She shook her head in mock disappointment.
Ian gave her a guilty little smirk. "Guess I should turn off the music, huh?" Jess shook her head and went over to the speakers, turning the volume down somewhat before turning them back to the room.
"Do you remember what was playing the first time I danced for you?" she asked.
"Of course."
"Put it on."
Ian turned and, after a quick flurry of clicks, set his computer to playing the song in question. Then he sat down, in the same chair he'd been using during their first encounter, when Jess had danced for him, stripping off her shirt before stroking him off. It was that incident that had led to everything else that had happened between them. Ian had replayed the scene in his mind countless times since then, when Jess wasn't around. And now, as her hips started to sway in time with the music, he felt his heart beat faster, seemingly matching the bass beat.
Jess turned away from him, her hands running up the sides of her little black dress, tugging the hem up just a bit, showing off more of her creamy thighs. "Did I ever tell you what happened after I ran out of here?" she asked him, throwing him a sly little look over her shoulder.
"No. I figured you ran home and got cleaned up."
She turned again, her hands leaving her sides, letting her dress fall. Jess straddled him where he was sitting, her hips gyrating inches above him, her arms on his shoulders. "I did run home. And I did shower. But before I did—" she brought her lips close to his ear "—I ate up some of your delicious cum. I didn't even know I was doing it. And I was so turned on, baby, I had to go back to wimpy little Kyle and beg him to fuck me."
Ian couldn't speak. He was stone-still in his chair, his hands on the armrests, as Jess swung one leg up over his and sat on his lap, grinding her ass into his aching erection. She turned a bit further, facing away from him again, and leaned back against his broad chest, and continued her story.
"When I came back, you had found some stupid little slut and were fucking her so good. She didn't deserve you, babe. I danced for him too, letting her screams be my music. And do you know what?" Ian twitched his head, seemingly unable to muster and further response. "Kyle couldn't even get hard. Even when I stripped bare and ground my naked pussy against his leg, leaving a little snail trail, he stayed limp and useless."
She brought her hands up and pressed her tits together, making them bulge. Ian couldn't look away from the incredible cleavage on display or the way her nipples poked up through the thin black cloth of her dress. Then she slid them down her body, down her flat stomach and between her thighs. She quivered and let out a little moan as her hands dipped under her dress and lightly grazed her sodden pussy.
Jess pulled her panties to the side and slipped a finger inside herself, then brought it up to Ian's face, where he could see it glisten with her honey. She moved it back and forth in front of him, watching as his eyes tracked the little morsel—before snatching it away and licking it clean herself, bringing a frustrated grunt from him. Then Jess spread her legs, balancing on his lap, and said, "I even spread myself for him like this, and let him watch while I finger-fucked myself. I fucked myself there on his bed, and he came without me ever touching him. But it was okay, because I wasn't thinking about him."
As she spoke, she had once again slid a finger into her dripping slit, and now a second one joined it. "The whole time, I was listening to you fuck that random slut." Her hips started to gyrate as she sat on his lap. "And I was remembering how big and hard you were, and how much you came." She purred like a cat and added another finger, three fingers now plunging in and out of her. "And I imagined being the girl underneath you, pinned to the mattress and impaled on that perfect cock." Her back arched, and she turned her head to look in Ian's eyes. "And I..." she trailed off, as her breath quickened and her eyes fluttered and her cunt spasmed around her fingers.
Ian seized the moment and kissed her, hard and passionate, swallowing up her little ecstatic noises, as Jess quivered and quaked in orgasm on his lap. She rolled onto her side, trusting him to support her as she brought her legs together and curled up, her head on his shoulder, his arm around her back. She held up her fingers to him again, now thoroughly coated in her juices, and offered them to him wordlessly. He sucked each one clean, savoring her taste, and when he was done she let her hand rest on his chest, idly tracing out little designs with her fingers.
"What did you do that night?" she asked.
"Well, little lady, I think you heard what I was doing. But you know what?" He kissed her again, gently, as she shifted and settled closer to him. "I was imagining I was doing it with you the whole time."
"I gave you a demonstration, you know."
Ian's arm went under her legs, and he rose from his chair, picking her up like a child. "You don't need one. I gave her a rough, nasty fuck, and you know what that's like. I want tonight to be different." He set her down gently. "Turn around."
Jess obeyed, and he unzipped her dress and brushed the straps off her shoulders, letting it fall to the floor. She turned again; Jess hadn't worn a bra, so without her dress she was nearly naked. All she had on were her heels, her silver jewelry, and her tiny black thong, with its ribbons on either hip. She reached out and untucked his shirt, pulling it up as far as she could before he took over, taking it off and tossing it to the side. She let her hand rest flat, palm down, on his sculpted chest as he undid his belt and let his pants and boxers fall to the floor.
Ian gently pulled Jess to him, his hand resting on her back just above her ass. She looked up at him, her sapphire eyes wide and sparkling in the dim light. Her full lips were parted, just slightly, as they gazed into each others' eyes. Ian could feel his cock swelling, becoming tumescent up against Jess's flat, firm belly. Ian cupped Jess's chin and turned her face up toward his, and then he moved to kiss her, gently, their lips barely grazing each other. Jess gave a small sigh, her eyes fluttering closed, and he kissed her again, more firmly.
His lips moved south from there; Jess tilted her head, baring her neck and throat, and he made a trail of light little kisses down the side of her neck to her collarbone. The hand resting on her back moved down as well, gripping one of her firm, perky ass cheeks and kneading it gently. Her nipples were hard and brushed against his muscular chest.
Ian led her over to his bed, and Jess crawled onto it, her ass toward him, swaying side to side, her little black thong covering up her dripping slit and tight rosebud. She looked back over her shoulder at him. "Like the little bows, baby? Want to unwrap your present?" Ian leaned in and kissed her ass, first on the left cheek, then the right, before moving up and gripping the waistband of her thong in his teeth. He started to worry at it, tugging it down to mid-thigh before releasing it and moving up, giving Jess's bared cunny a long lick. His tongue was flat and broad as it went the length of her slit, up to her asshole, which he teased, pointing his tongue and running around the rim of that tight ring of muscle.
Then he started to feast on her. His tongue snaked out from between his lips, sliding past hers, letting him taste her honey. He buried his face in her cunt, fluttering his tongue over her bud, making it dart in and out of her slit, moving up to do the same to her tight little rosebud. Ian lapped up Jess's juices as they flowed from her, and her arms started to quiver as the sensation overwhelmed her.
Jess let her head drop, until her face was pressed up against Ian's cool silk sheets—which, she realized somewhat dreamily, were new. Her ass stayed in the air as Ian devoured her, his tongue lashing at her sensitive spots. He had craned his neck back and knelt to get under her and captured her clit between his lips, sucking gently on it, humming and sending little quivering vibrations through her whole body. He released it, only so he could blow hot air, then cool air over her bud, making her shiver.
"Please, baby, please fuck me," she whined. "I need it so bad." But Ian kept eating her out, tormenting her with quick, light kisses, little flicks of the tongue, small caresses from his long, strong fingers. Jess's started to rock back and forth, and her hips started to gyrate, making small circles in the air, and Ian had to shift accordingly to keep contact.
Ian stayed there, licking and sucking and kissing, until Jess's pleas got loud enough to be heard next door. "Fuck me, finger me, shove something inside me, do whatever you want—just make me cum!" she wailed. Ian couldn't suppress a little chuckle from where he was, down behind her raised ass.
After a few more minutes of teasing—during which Jess whimpered and whined, as he kept her on the precipice without letting her go over—Ian rolled her onto her back, gently. She instantly pulled her panties off the rest of the way, dropping them onto Ian's bed beside her. Jess spread her legs wide, gripping her ankles in her hands, her drenched cunt hot and aching with need, exposed fully to Ian for him to do with as he pleased. "Please..." she whimpered.
Ian crawled forward until his cock hung, hard and heavy, over her needy cunny, the swollen head just grazing her lips. She rolled her hips, trying desperately to take him inside her, but he held himself away, keeping her from what she wanted—needed. He looked her in the eye, where tears were gathering, so great was her need.
And then, finally, Ian entered her. Jess's breath left her explosively, as she wailed "FUCK! Fuck me, you FUCKING GOD!" She was cumming before he'd gotten half his length in her—Ian's expert tease had kept her on the verge for so long; she was on a hair trigger by the time he slid inside her slick cunt. Ian had to push himself in order to squeeze his swollen cock into her clenching cunt.
Jess let go of her ankles and reached up. She pulled Ian down to her, her hands on his shoulders. "You made me cum so good," she said, and kissed him. It was a quick but intense kiss, their lips pressed together fiercely for a long moment. Her eyes were shining when the kiss ended. "Do it again."
Ian gave her a wide grin and replied, "Aye aye, ma'am." He darted in quickly for another brief kiss, then lifted himself up again on his arms. From this position, he could get his legs and back into it, and in a matter of moments he was driving himself into her pussy hard and fast. Not for the first time, Ian reveled in the feeling of her hole wrapped snugly around him, tight but still yielding. Jess grabbed her ankles again, keeping her legs spread wide so he could pound her pussy as hard as he wanted—and after the way she'd teased him earlier in the night, that was quite hard.
The bed started to creak in protest—for a moment, Ian flashed back to their first fuck, in this same room, which had been so primal and rough that it had cracked the bed frame and made the mattress collapse to the floor. Jess was looking up at him, her eyes wide, her tits bouncing vigorously with each puissant stroke. Each time he bottomed out in her, she gave a short, sharp gasp, as if he was fucking the air out of her lungs. But she didn't ask him to stop, or slow down, or fuck her less powerfully. In fact, she just hissed, "That's right, Sir—fuck your pussy as hard as you want. She can take it."
Her words whipped Ian into a bestial frenzy. He bellowed, loudly, and pulled out of Jess's cunt. She whined--"No, no, no, please don't stop, Sir!" Ian grabbed at her arms and dragged her almost entirely off the bed. Her ass was still perched precariously on the edge, but her shoulders and back were in the air, unsupported. He lowered her, quickly but carefully, to the ground. Jess got the idea and put her hands on her lower back, supporting her weight on her shoulders and lifting her ass up off the bed. Then Ian stepped into the gap and angled his prick down, pointing it directly at her entrance, before driving it home.
Jess squealed on the first powerful, pile-driver thrust. That was all she could remember for some time—everything else was lost in a haze of orgasmic pleasure. Ian, on the other hand, got to watch as she came, her eyes fluttering, her chest flushed, her juices flowing from her drenched pussy and trickling down her flat stomach. She was normally very vocal while she came, but this time Jess's squeals and screams were lost; her mouth was open, but almost no sound came out, her vocal cords seemingly paralyzed by pleasure.
Ian filled the silence. "Is this what you wanted, little lady? To cum like crazy on my cock?" She kept twitching and gasping, her pussy seizing up around him. "Have you ever been fucked like this before?" He practically spat the question at her. Jess couldn't answer, couldn't even really make out that he was talking. But his words touched some animalistic part of her brain, some ancient part of her that craved this kind of treatment.
He kept pounding at her, driving her into the floor, until she found her voice. "Oh, god! Ian, you're a fucking king!" she shouted. "Fuck me better than my boyfriend ever could!" That's when the knocking started from next door, as Kyle banged on the wall. His shouts could just barely be heard over Jess's moans and the loud music.
"Come on, man!" he screamed. "I just need one night! Mother fucker!"
It was Jess who spoke next. "Shut the fuck up!" It made Ian freeze for a moment, and Jess seemed shocked with herself—this was the first time she'd ever replied to one of Kyle's rants like this. There was silence from next door. It was a tense time, and Ian thought Kyle might, finally, have realized what his unfaithful girlfriend had been doing all these months.
But then Kyle shouted back, "Fuck you, you dumb bitch!"
That seemed to enrage Jess. She reached up to Ian, and he took her hands and swung her up off the floor. She wrapped her legs around him and started to bounce up and down in his arms. "Turn around," she whispered. He did, letting her face the wall. She screamed over his shoulder. "Oh, Ian! You're the best! My boyfriend is a fucking loser compared to you!" Jess was really laying it on thick; when she said 'boyfriend' she practically spit out the word, as if it had left a bad taste in her mouth.
And she wasn't done hurling abuse. "You fuck my pussy so good, Ian! I want it in my ass next!" Ian stepped backward a few steps, until his shoulders were up against the wall and he was leaning against it at an angle. Jess was riding him in this standing position, harder and faster than she'd ever done before. "Hear that, shithead?" she asked Kyle through the wall. "He's going to fuck my ass as hard as he wants and I'm going to scream my head off! Oh, Ian, beat up my pussy! Ruin it for my fucking boyfriend!"
Kyle kept pounding the wall and shouting back at Jess, but his words were lost in the noise as Ian and Jess continued their athletic coupling. Ian could feel his back and thighs burning as he supported Jess while she bounced wildly on his cock. Her large, firm breasts dragged against his sculpted torso as she rode him. All her weight came down on him over and over, and some small part of him said a silent prayer of thanks for all the time he'd spent in the gym.
Ian could feel the first tell-tale twitches, the way certain muscles started to contract, his balls pulling up and tightening as he prepared to unload. Jess noticed as well; she sped up and squeezed him with her cunt. "You want to fucking cum, big boy? Fucking unload in my pussy?" she snarled, loudly, mostly for Kyle's benefit. He couldn't reply; it was all Ian could do to keep upright. "Do it, fucker—cum in me. Cum... with... me!" Her voice wavered and broke as she came, her tight pussy clenching around him, and he joined her, jettisoning his load up into her depths.
Jess wailed and moaned as she came, and Ian grunted and groaned in counterpoint. He started to slip down the wall, still cumming, as Jess slumped against his broad chest, shivering, her mind and body overloaded by pleasure. The two of them wound up on the floor, Ian half-leaning up against the wall, Jess tangled up around him, both of them breathing hard and holding each other close.
Ian looked down, and saw Jess looking up at him, her eyes shining in the dim light of the room. She shimmied her way up his chest—the movement doing some fascinating things below his waist at the same time—and kissed him, her tongue exploring his mouth. He was taken aback for a moment, caught off guard by her aggression, but yielded to her, returning the kiss with equal fervor. Jess moved away first, her lips moving across his cheek toward his ear. He could feel them just grazing the lobe as she whispered, "I wasn't kidding about wanting it in the ass next."
That sent a surge of blood through Ian's flagging erection. He pulled himself away from the wall and rose, lifting Jess's smaller body up with him, and after two long strides deposited her on her back on his bed. "Ready?" he asked her, and she nodded. Ian looked down and lined up his swollen rod with his target. A little off-white trickle ran down from her pussy over her asshole. His cock was soaked in their mixed juices, but he didn't want to hurt her. Jess seemed to read his mind and reached over to his nightstand and rummaged through a drawer, coming back with a small bottle of lube.
He took the bottle from her and squirted a generous helping of the slick fluid over his shaft and her ass, darkening his blue bed sheets where he missed. Jess shuddered when the cool liquid touched her sensitive skin. Her hips were gyrating and she looked up at him, her need for him clear in her eyes.
Ian grasped his lubed prick in one hand and pushed forward. Jess's ass was as tight and hot as it was the first time he'd taken her there, the night he'd claimed her anal virginity. She squealed and one hand darted between her legs, her fingers playing with her button and dipping into her cunt. When they came out they were shiny with their mixed juices and trailed thin streamers of cum and cunt-honey. "Fuck me, Sir! Fuck my ass!" she yelled, loud enough for Kyle to hear next door and bringing a fresh round of noise as he pounded on the wall once again.
The noise made no impact on Ian. He was wholly engrossed in the feeling of Jess's ass wrapping tight around him. It gripped him like a vise; even if he hadn't been concerned for Jess's well-being, he'd have had to go slow in taking it. It was simply too tight for him to just mindlessly shove his cock inside without hurting himself.
That didn't seem to stop Jess from wrapping her legs around his waist and digging in with her heels, using them like spurs to pull him further inside her. "I want every inch, Sir, every fucking inch of your fat fucking cock in my ass!" Her hips bucked up swallowing up a bit more of his length. Ian leaned forward, his hands on the bed on either side of her head, and looked into her sparkling blue eyes as he bulled his way in, spreading that tight channel open. Jess bit her lower lip, holding back a moan for as long as she could. Then he felt his balls make contact with her firm cheeks, and she could hold back no more. "Fuuuuuuuck, you're so huge in my tiny ass!"
She reached up and grabbed his hair, tugging her down to him and kissing him deeply. When the kiss ended, she whispered, "I want you to be as rough as you want tonight. Make me your toy." The thought made Ian's heart race.
He levered himself back up on his arms, his hands closed into fists, his weight on his knuckles. He raised his hips up and back, half his length coming free from her asshole. Then he let himself drop, gravity doing its work to assist him as his shaft plunged deep into her. The bed groaned and creaked, shuddering from the impact, but its sounds were almost completely drowned out by Jess's wail of pleasure tinged with pain.
Ian once again raised himself up, further this time, and once again let himself fall. Jess's screams continued as his pelvic bone ground against her, mashing her fingers into her clit. He felt the flood of warmth around him as she came, her juices flowing from her and soaked his groin. She took her hand away as Ian lifted himself once more, instead cupping her breast and tweaking her nipple. Each time Ian raised up, more of his length came free of Jess's clenching asshole. And each time he thrust down into her with more power, impaling her, plunging deep into her core.
Kyle's protests from next door quieted; instead of the rapid pounding and barely-heard yelling, now all that came through the wall was a single regular thud as he banged his fist (or perhaps his head) against the wall, the sound a counterpoint to the rhythmic noises Ian and Jess were making.
Jess grunted each time Ian slammed down into her, her breath driven out of her lungs by his powerful thrusts. But before long her grunts turned into words. "Fuck... me... harder... big... dicked... bastard..." Ian snarled and withdrew until only the very end of his cock was lodged inside her. He paused there, at the apex, and then put everything he had into his next thrust.
The first time they'd fucked in his bed, Ian and Jess managed to break it. This time, the wood splintered again, as the slats supporting the mattress gave way. But the frame itself held. Jess let out an ear-splitting scream for a moment, before her breath left her completely, her eyes rolling back in her head as the sudden surge of pain and ecstasy sent her into another overwhelming climax. She was twitching and spasming madly, her fingers raking across Ian's sheets, toes curled, chest flushed, all conscious control over her body seemingly lost.
Ian came with her, his climax seemingly wrenching his soul out of his body. His eyes closed and his eruptions came out in time with his racing heart, splashing into her ass and filling it just as he'd done to her pussy only minutes before. He was dimly aware of the way Jess's heels were drumming against his back and ass, the way her thighs were squeezed tight around his waist, how their separate screams blended into one wordless ecstatic cry, but all of that paled before the way she drew him into a blinding void of euphoric sensation.
When they finished, Ian collapsed onto his bed, rolling off to one side as he did to avoid crushing Jess underneath him. He lay on his side, practically panting. Jess rolled as well to face him, her head supported by her arm. They stayed that way, gazing into each others' eyes, for some time, recovering. Ian started to laugh a small, tired laugh.
"What's so funny?" Jess asked, arching one delicate eyebrow.
"I said I wanted tonight to be different, not so rough... and we nearly broke my bed again."
Jess smiled at him. "The night's not over yet." She put a hand on his shoulder and pushed him onto his back, throwing a leg over his hips and straddling him. "Let's wreck the bed, and then we can see about doing something different."