I wanted to write this story, not only to entertain but to reinforce the ideal that during our lifetime we make choices and there are always consequences for those choices we make. Sometimes the consequences are great and work out well while other times the consequences are not so good and we have to be willing to accept the penalty for our bad choices.
This story is very long and has many true facts about one family's life and lifestyle. The names of the characters have been changed to protect the persons involved.
For the record: All characters in this story are legal aged!
~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~
Chapter 9 - Brenda says she wants Matt - asks Donna and Beth for help..
We finished our evening meal talking excitedly about the expressions on Sam's face when he saw Sarah and me fucking. Mike laughed and said, "The look on Sam's face was priceless when we answered the door naked but his look changed to one of jealousy when he saw Matt fucking Sarah!"
"When I saw Sam peeking over Beth and Brenda's shoulders trying to see what was going on at the counter, I saw his eyes get as wide as saucers when he saw it was me bent over the counter being fucked. His expression was priceless to me!" Sarah said. Everyone laughed when Sarah made a face to mimic Sam's expression.
After the table was cleared and the dishes were done, mom walked over to me and said, "Matt I am ready to have you make love to me. I want you to make love to me and fill me with your cum. Most of all I want you to make love to me in front of everyone here so they can witness our very first love making session."
While I hugged mom's naked body close to mine I said, "I'm ready to make love to you and I want it to be as special for you as it will be for me."
Mom looked into my eyes and asked, "Would it be alright if both Donna and Beth helped you guide your cock into my pussy. That way I know both of them really consent to our incest."
Donna and Beth walked over to Brenda and Matt and they embraced in a four way hug which lasted a couple of minutes. Sarah and Mike stood close by and watched the four relatives enjoy a moment of love.
When they parted Beth asked Brenda, "What would you like to do?"
Brenda said, "I guess I need to start at the beginning and I'm sure at first it will seem weird but I want Matt to make love to me so bad."
I pulled mom into my arms and leaned forward to gently kiss her neck and whisper in her ear, "I love you mom and always will but are you sure you want to do this?"
Mom shook her head affirmatively so none of the others would know I had questioned her. Mom pulled back momentarily before leaning forward seeking my lips. We shared a loving kiss which eventually turned into a French kiss with both of our tongues entwining around each other. Our hands roamed freely over each other's bodies stopping to play with various body parts before moving on. I stepped back as I felt mom's hand move towards my stiff cock.
Mom held my cock and slowly stroked it as I moved my finger towards her pussy. I used my finger to slide up and down mom's slippery slit before moving up to circle her clit. Using my middle finger to gently massage mom's clit she started to push her hips forward seeking more and harder contact.
I ended my kiss and dropped to my knees before my mom. I reached out and gripped mom's legs at knee level and gently applied some pressure so mom would know that I wanted her to spread her legs apart for me so I could have full access to her lovely pussy. Mom parted her feet as I leaned forward and tentatively licked her bald pussy. On the second swipe I parted mom's pussy with my tongue and when I reached her clit, mom moaned softly and put her hands on the back of my head.
Briefly Brenda thought about her husband and how he never liked to lick her pussy even when she begged him to do it for her and now her son was more than willing to satisfy her needs.
My tongue manipulations on mom's clit caused mom's knees to get weak and she started to sink to the soft carpet. I stopped momentarily so mom could lay down on the floor before continuing my attack on her clit.
Within seconds of lying down on the floor mom's hips were bouncing off the floor as a gigantic orgasm gripped her body. I had a hard time keeping contact with her clit until mom raised her ass off the floor and clamped her legs around my head. I continued to lick and gently bite mom's clit as she pulled my face into her soaked and overflowing pussy. Mom's orgasm lasted for a long time before she started to calm down and breathe more rhythmically.
Breathlessly Brenda exclaimed, "Oh God, I have never had an orgasm like that in my life! I'm no slut but I'll take as many of those as you or Mike can give me."
"Mom, we know you aren't a slut and I would be happy to provide you with as many orgasms as you can handle simply because I love you, we all love you and we want to make you a very happy lady!" I said.
Brenda smiled as she looked at everyone and then brought her attention back to me before saying, "I am a very happy lady now but I still want your hard cock to fill my pussy and I want it NOW!"
I looked up at Beth and Donna and asked them to help me guide my cock to mom's pussy. As I raised and parted mom's legs I knew my actions caused mom's pussy to open for everyone's view.
Beth and Donna kneeled on the opposite sides of me. Mother and daughter reached out to take my cock in their hands. They stroked it as I moved forward until my cock touched my mom's pussy.
I looked at mom and asked, "Are you sure this is what you want to do because once we cross this bridge, there's no going back."
Mom looked lovingly at me and then at Donna and said, "I want both of you to know I am committed to you and I love both of you very dearly and I want to share that love with both of you. I want to share my body with you in a loving way."
"We completely understand and both of us love you to." Donna said.
I leaned forward a bit more and the head of my cock disappeared into mom's pussy.
"Please don't tease me Matt, I've waited long enough to feel your manhood inside me and I want you to make love to me in front of all these people so they can see the love we are about to share." Brenda begged softly.
Brenda's pussy was so wet from her previous orgasm my cock slide easily into the depths of mom's hot slippery pussy. I pushed forward until my pubic bone was crushed against hers and then stayed buried in her. I started to rotate my hips and move my cock around inside mom which affected her enough so she started moving as well.
Mom moaned softly as Donna leaned down and kissed her parted lips. Donna whispered, "Enjoy Matt's cock, he really knows how to use it."
Mom looked up into the loving face of her daughter-in-law and whispered, "Thank you for sharing Matt with me, I love you both so much there isn't enough words to describe how much."
Donna leaned down again and silenced Brenda with another soft and tender kiss. This one lasted longer than the previous kiss.
Meanwhile I started moving in and out of mom's juicy pussy. Mom was so wet there was a squishing sound every time I pushed forward into her pussy.
Beth noticed a wet spot forming on the carpet and went to the bathroom for a hand towel. When she returned I was fucking mom with abandon. Beth positioned the towel as best she could to prevent anymore of our fluids from leaking on the carpet.
Watching mom and me had an effect on Sarah and Mike who were now deep in making passionate love to each other only a mere couple of feet away. Mike was lying on the floor and Sarah was riding his cock. They were in a position so each of them could watch me make love to my mom. Sarah's small tits were bouncing as she pumped her wet pussy up and down on Mike's cock.
Beth looked at both couples making love and then she looked up and saw her daughter kissing my mom. Beth got up on her knees and moved around to the place where Donna was leaning over kissing mom. Beth reached out and tenderly cupped Donna's small breasts in her hands. Donna looked up at her mom and then she moved to an upright kneeling position and hugged her mom.
Donna leaned forward and kissed her mom tenderly on her lips and then more passionately. Beth and Donna were locked in a loving embrace and passionately kissing when I whispered to my mom, "Look, love is all around us."
Mom looked around at Beth and Donna and then at Sarah and Mike before looking back at me and with a smile on her face she said, "This was meant to be and we are all going to enjoy each other for as long as we can."
As I continued to pump my cock into my mom's wonderfully tight pussy, I said, "I never would have guessed this would happen but now that it has, I want it to continue, I want all of us to feel free to share each other anytime we get the urge."
Mom looked up at me and said, "I do to honey, I do to!"
Our attention was drawn to Beth and Donna as they moved into a 69 position with Donna on the top. I watched in awe as Donna dipped her head between her mom's legs and tenderly licked Beth's pussy. I watched as Donna used her hands to spread Beth's pussy and leaned down again to lick Beth's exposed clit. Both Donna and Beth started to moan loudly as they licked each other.
Mom looked at Beth and Donna and then back at me and said, "Matt you are truly blessed to have such a wonderful woman as Donna. Look at her; she is enjoying her mom's treasure just like I am enjoying you filling my pussy with that wonderful cock of yours."
"I love you mom" I said loud enough for everyone to hear.
Mom returned my sediment by saying, "I love you Matt!"
Suddenly there seemed to be an echo around the room when we heard, "I love you Mike, I love you Sarah, I love you Donna, I love you Beth!"
All of us giggled for a couple of seconds before we turned our attention back to our partners and our mission to make them very happy.
Sarah and Mike were the first to experience their orgasms followed closely by Donna and Beth. Mom and I slowed our love making to watch the other couples enjoy their orgasms. I wasn't in a hurry to finish because I was enjoying my lifetime fantasy of making love to my mother.
After the other two couples finished, they turned their attention to mom and I. It only seems like a short time to me but in reality I made love to mom for over an hour which had resulted in her experiencing three additional orgasms. Now everyone's attention was drawn to mom as she once again started moaning loudly as her body reached another racking orgasm. Between her ragged breathing, mom begged me to cum with her.
Mom looked up at me lovingly and said, "Honey I want you to fuck me hard before you cum and then I want you to bury your cock in me all the way as you shoot your load in me."
Hearing my mom tell me what she wanted hastened my orgasm, within seconds I was blasting my cum into her lovely tight pussy, while buried all the way into her. I didn't even pump during my orgasm because her pussy squeezed and milked my cock. Never before in any of my love making had I felt a woman's pussy squeeze my cock like my mom's pussy did.
Once my orgasm subsided I stayed in place pushed all the way into my mom's pussy because I loved the feeling as her pussy muscles contracted and then released against my cock. I looked at mom and said, "WOW! That was a miraculous feeling when you used your pussy muscles to squeeze my cock."
Smiling, mom asked, "Does that mean you think this old lady still has a few tricks to teach you young studs?"
Looking at mom I said, "Mom, first you aren't an old lady and second, I would be willing to learn anything you want to teach me about love making."
Looking around the room, Beth and Donna were sitting close together as were Mike and Sarah.
No one moved or attempted to get up. We sat around in the floor talking quietly and enjoying each other's company.
Donna reached out to take my hand and I looked at her and whispered, "I love you!"
She whispered back, "And I will always love you to!"
*
To Be Continued:
** First, thank you for taking time to read my story.
** Please vote and rate my story and if you have some feedback, I would like to hear from you.