This story, along with the previous three, relates the mostly true adventures we shared with Bret and Denise, an attractive, sexy couple we had the good fortune to get to know, and then visit at their beautiful townhouse in our favorite party town, Key West. The stories are based on real events, but with some embellishment to make them more fun and interesting. These are my first posts here, and it didn't occur to me to collect these tales in a series. But they do describe a related chronological series, and are probably best enjoyed by reading them in sequence. I would suggest that you start with "Tight Squeeze." The next in the series is "Denise Gets Warmed Up," followed by "A Revealing Night at the Restaurant." The next story, "Unexpected Addition", will bring you to the opening scene of this story. I hope you enjoy reading about these events as much as we enjoyed living them!
These stories contain strong elements of exhibitionism, group sex, candaulism, and both male and female bisexuality.
*****
I woke up to tropical sunlight filtered through the lace curtains. Laura stirred slightly, but was still sleeping, and I slipped out of the bed without disturbing her. With the sexual workout we had been getting over the last couple of days, I figured she might appreciate a little extra rest. I padded silently to the ensuite bathroom and willed my morning wood down just enough to relieve myself. I completed my morning routine and glanced at Laura as I came out of the bathroom. Her lithe form was outlined under the sheet. One knee was slightly bent, and the rise of her mons was clearly visible between her parted thighs. The sheet was draped below one tit, and I admired the firm roundness of her bare breast. Her nipple was hard, even in sleep, and I wondered if she was dreaming about the nonstop sex of the last few days.
Bret and Denise's home was clothing optional, and I didn't bother to dress before leaving the bedroom. While Laura and Denise would often wear something, Bret and I were naked just about all of the time. I made my way downstairs, enjoying the sensation of my semi-erect cock bouncing in front of me with each downward step.
I got to the bottom of the stairs and entered the great room, which made up most of the first floor. The living room area was to my left. There was a breakfast bar/dining area directly across from the stairs and to my right was the door to the downstairs bath. Beyond that was the open kitchen, where I could see Denise, her back to me, reaching up into a cabinet for a coffee cup. She was wearing a red t-shirt, and her upraised arms caused the shirt to ride up, almost completely exposing her naked ass.
"Good morning," I said, and she turned around.
"Good morning," she replied in a cheerful, sing-songy voice. Her eyes seemed to drink in my nude form, lingering on my swollen, half hard dick. She leaned against the counter, her palms on the surface, and rested a raised foot on the other knee, forming a figure 4 with her legs. Her t-shirt did little to cover the light blond patch of hair between her legs, or the beautiful slit below. With her gaze still fixed on my semi-hardon, she asked, "Coffee?"
"Sure," I replied, and she turned around and reached up into the cabinet for another cup.
"Let me get that," I said, and came up behind her. I enjoyed the sensation of the smooth roundness of her ass against my cock as I reached over her to retrieve a cup.
"Thanks," she said, taking the cup from me.
She filled both cups and we sat at the breakfast bar. We turned the stools to face each other, and she sat half cross-legged with one foot tucked under the other leg. Like Laura, she loved to show off her pussy.
"We're really enjoying our visit." I told her.
"We're enjoying having you guys here," she replied. "Last night was great! That was the first time I've done that."
She was referring to the double fucking she had received from Bret and me.
"Yeah", I said, "two cocks in one pussy is so tight. Laura and I love doing that. I love the way it squeezes my cock and she loves getting her pussy stretched."
"I never been so full," she said, putting her hand over her snatch. "I loved it."
"I'm surprised we could both fit inside you, Bret's cock is so fat," I said.
"Mmm, just at the base, though. It's kinda funny shaped, don't you think?" she asked.
"I guess it is," I replied. "Laura really likes it."
For those of you that haven't read the previous stories and aren't familiar with Bret's tool, let me explain. Flaccid, his dick looks normal enough. But when he gets hard, the base swells up disproportionately, giving his member a conical shape. Laura loves getting him deep inside her cunt so that the base of his cock stretches her out.
Our discussion, the sight of Denise's open pussy, and now the thought of Laura riding Bret's cock were all conspiring to make my semi-erection less semi and more erect. This was not lost on Denise, who kept glancing down at my increasing stiffness.
"It feels wonderful when it's all the way up inside you," she said.
"Laura said that, too," I replied. "She likes fucking him."
Denise leaned toward me and put her hand on my leg. "You like watching her fuck, don't you?" she asked.
I felt the blood rising in my cock. "I do," I replied. "I love watching her have sex. She looks gorgeous with a hard cock in her mouth. Or her pussy. Or both. And I love watching her with a woman. You two are incredibly hot together."
Denise smiled and slid her hand up my leg until she was almost touching my dick.
"Which do you like better, watching her with a guy or a girl?" she asked.
I thought for a minute. "Well, for myself, I like having two women. Sometimes more. And Laura is totally into women, so that works out. But I really like watching her with a guy, too. I like to watch her suck somebody else's dick, and I like kissing her with cum in her mouth, or licking cum off her body. But mostly I like watching her fuck. I love watching her spread her legs and taking a cock deep in her pussy."
Denise looked down at my cock, lightly stroking my leg. "That's hot," she said. "Bret likes watching me, too. I get it, it's sexy. And I like it when he watches me fuck." She brought her eyes back up to mine. "Laura likes that, too, you know. She told me she likes when you watch her, especially with a guy, especially when she's fucking a guy." She paused. "Laura looked so fucking hot with Derek last night." She was talking about our cab driver, a young surfer type that Laura had brought home to play with while Bret and I fucked Denise. "She looked like she owned him. The way she made him service her pussy. I loved watching her suck his cock and fuck him."
We fell silent for a moment, recalling the very sexy events of the night before. Denise was right. Laura had used Derek with his nice young cock as a sex toy. She fucked his brains out and she looked hot as hell doing it.
Denise's nipples were starting to poke through her t-shirt. I reached between her legs and lightly ran a finger along her slit. She was getting damp. This conversation was turning her on. It was turning both of us on.
She spoke. "I like watching her fuck Bret, too."
"So do I," I replied. "She's very sexy, especially when she's fucking. So are you."
She smiled at me and moved her hand up to caress my balls with her fingertips. My rapidly stiffening rod was starting to lift off my leg and stand up on its own. I touched her pussy again. Her lips were beginning to swell. I pushed a fingertip inside. She was getting very wet. I found her clit and lightly caressed it.
"Do you have much experience with guys?" she asked, looking down at my cock again. Bret and I had been experimenting and exploring our bisexuality over the last few days.
"A little," I said. "Some incidental contact and an occasional blowjob."
"Giving or receiving?"
"Both."
Her fingers were caressing the underside of my shaft, which had quickly grown into a full hardon and was now standing at attention.
She looked up and smiled at me. "Which do you prefer?" she asked.
"I'm not sure," I replied. "I guess it depends. I'm not really attracted to guys. I just like cocks."
She looked at me a little quizzically, like she had a question, but it remained unasked. "That was really hot when Derek came in your mouth last night," she said. Her hand was wrapped around my cock now, slowly jerking me off. I was gently stroking her clit. We masturbated each other as we talked.
"Yeah, that was a first for me. It was kinda sexy and fun."
"I liked it when you shared his cum with Laura. I want to do that."
"Maybe I'll kiss you with Bret's cum in my mouth," I said.
"That would be really fun," she replied. "Or he can kiss me with your cum in his mouth."
"If he lets me cum in his mouth. What about him?" I asked her. "What has he done with other guys?"
"This is as far as I've seen Bret go. He really seems to like sucking your cock." She thought for a second. "Now he seems to like sucking cocks in general."
"And you seem to like watching him," I said.
"I do," she replied. "Laura and I were talking about that. We both really love watching you guys. It's crazy hot. Maybe we can get you to entertain us sometime."
I raised my eyebrows.
She pumped my hard cock. "You know, maybe you guys will 69 while we watch."
"Maybe."
She stood up and straddled me. "Wanna fuck?" she asked, but she didn't wait for an answer. She held me upright and impaled herself on my erection. She worked her way down my shaft until I bottomed out against her cervix. She began to rock her hips against me. "I love how deep you get inside me," she said.
We were just getting into a nice, leisurely fucking rhythm when we were interrupted by a knock at the door. Denise glanced up at the clock and said, "Oh shit, that's Rob. He's here to fix the crack in the back step."
She stood up, freeing herself from my cock. Standing, her t-shirt barely reached the top of her pubic hair. It was still a good 3 inches short of covering her snatch.
I started to look for something to cover up with, but before I could do that she was across the floor to the door. She made no attempt to cover her exposed pussy as she opened it.
"Hi, Rob," she said. "C'mon in."
Rob stepped inside. Denise threw her arms around his neck and kissed him full on the lips. He was good looking and fairly tall, and as she stood on her toes and reached up, her t-shirt came up practically to her waist. I was a little self-conscious sitting in full view of this stranger, completely naked and with a hardon, but Denise's innocent sexiness made my cock twitch in spite of my embarrassment. She broke the kiss and led him by the hand to the breakfast bar.
"Rob, meet Mark. He's visiting us for a few days."
Rob glanced quickly at my erection, then looked me in the eye and extended his hand. "Nice to meet you," he said.
I returned the handshake. "Nice to meet you, too," I said. I felt a little awkward, and wondered if he could see that my cock was wet as well as hard, but Rob seemed completely nonplussed.
"Let me show you what Bret was talking about," Denise said, walking across the kitchen.
I watched her half covered ass cheeks jiggling slightly as she walked to the back door. I noticed Rob watching, too. We looked at each other with a smiling glance, and he followed her to the door. I was starting to forget that I was sitting there naked and hard.
Rob and Denise went out the door and she proceeded to show him where the masonry of the steps was starting to crack. Playfully, she bent over, completely exposing her ass and pussy, and pointed down at the step.
"Can you see the crack?" she asked, glancing back at Rob with a broad smile.
What an outrageous tease, I thought. My hand found its way to my stiff shaft and I began to lightly stroke myself.
"I see it," he replied. "I can fill that, no problem," he said. I stroked a little harder. "Let me take some measurements and I'll get started."
"Ok," Denise said.
She stood up and climbed the two steps to the back door. Rob knelt down at the bottom step. Denise turned to face him, leaned against the door, and got into her one knee raised, foot braced on the other knee, figure 4 pose. She was showing off her pussy. Again.
"Do whatever you need to do," she said. "I'll be inside."
"Ok," he replied, looking straight back up at her open vagina.
She came back around the breakfast bar and picked up both of our coffee cups. I was still slowly pumping my cock, and her eyes dropped down to watch me.
"More coffee?" she asked, still watching me masturbate.
"Sure," I said.
She walked over to the coffee maker and poured two more cups.
"Close friend?" I asked as she returned to the bar.
"Oh, yes," she said, resuming her legs open position on the stool. "We fuck him once in a while. Well, mostly he fucks me and Bret watches us and jerks off. Although he has sucked Bret off a couple of times."
I had released my cock to pick up my cup, but I felt a surge through my loins and almost had a hands-free orgasm at this revelation.
I was about to respond when I heard the footfalls of someone coming down the stairs. I turned to see Laura entering the great room. She was wearing a sheer black robe, one of my favorites. It's dark, but very transparent, especially in the light. The robe was loosely tied and the daylight in the room made it clear that she was naked underneath it. Bret was directly behind her, nude and fully erect.
Laura walked over to me and smiled at my hardon. "Good morning," she said, eyes cast down like she was talking to my dick. She got between my legs and leaned up against me, pressing my cock between us. She kissed me with parted lips, inviting my tongue. I pushed my tongue in and immediately tasted the strong muskiness of cock in her mouth. I gave her a knowing look and lightly ran my tongue over her lips. There was no doubt. The taste of penis on her mouth was unmistakable. Now I knew why Bret was so hard. She had just sucked his dick. She was letting me know.
"Already had breakfast?" I asked.
Laura glanced at Bret, who was at the coffeemaker, pouring two more cups.
She turned back to me with a devilish look. "Just a little taste, he didn't cum. I'm still hungry," she teasingly replied. She squeezed my stiff cock. She bent down and licked my head, then lowered her mouth onto my shaft. She stood up, looked down at my cock and then up at me. "You seem to be enjoying your morning."
"Denise and I were having a very stimulating conversation," I told her.
"I can tell," she said, licking her lips as she turned toward Denise.
Denise looked at both of us and smiled. She leaned over and kissed Laura, a full, sexy kiss on the mouth. Denise licked her lips and gave Laura the same knowing look that I had given her. She turned to Bret in the kitchen.
"Rob's here, out back," she told him.
"Oh, good," Bret said. He swung the back door open and stood in the open doorway in all of his erect glory. "Hey, Rob," he said.
"Hi, Bret," Rob replied. "Nice to see you're up this morning."
"That I am," said Bret.
Laura's eyes widened a little. "Who's that?" she asked, clutching at her robe with uncharacteristic modesty.
"That's Rob. He's a friend that does a little handy work for us sometimes," Denise told her. She glanced up and down at Laura's exposed figure. "Don't worry, he's cool."
Laura seemed to relax and moved so that she could see through the doorway past Bret's naked form. I guessed at that point that she liked what she saw, because, gaze fixed outside, she casually reached inside her robe and fingered her pussy. "Mmm," she murmured, watching him and playing with herself. Then she turned to me. "He's kinda good looking."
Leaving the door open, Bret came back inside and picked up the coffee cups. He walked over with a cup in each hand, his traffic cone shaped dick still standing at full attention. He walked around the counter to join us. Before he had a chance to put the cups down, Laura dropped to her knees and engulfed his cock in her mouth. Bret held the cups and looked down in surprise as Laura sucked him. She pulled his cock out of her mouth and looked up at the three of us as she ran his head all over her lips, liberally coating her mouth with his precum. She stood up, turned to me and playfully planted a very wet, cummy kiss on my lips. I licked her mouth clean, enjoying the taste of Bret's manhood on her.
"Like that?" she asked.
"Very nice," I replied.
Laura turned to our hosts. "He likes tasting cock on my mouth."
"So do I," Bret said, setting the cups down on the bar.
"Want some?" Denise asked him. Without waiting for a reply, she leaned down and sucked my cock deep into her mouth. She pulled it out and coated her lips and chin with my precum. Then she turned to Bret and gave him the same treatment Laura had given me, kissing him with an open mouth so he could taste my cock on her.
"Mmm, that's a nice way to start the day," Bret said, licking the cum from her face.
Laura turned to Denise. "What's the deal with Rob?" she asked.
"Oh, he's a friend," Denise said. "And he's a great fuck," she added. "He's got a beautiful cock, and he's bi." She looked up at Bret and said, "We do him occasionally."
"Really?" Laura said, her eyes wide. "You fuck him?" Denise nodded. "He sucks cock, too?" Denise nodded again.
Intrigued, Laura looked back outside. This new information changed the dynamic, and this time she untied her robe, letting it fall open. I knew she was feeling sexually empowered, especially after last night. Derek was a good looking young guy, 20 years her junior, and all she had to do was show him her naked body and he was totally hers. Now she was obviously sizing Rob up. After Bret, Derek, and I had all simultaneously penetrated Denise last night, Laura had said that she wanted to experience three cocks at once, too. She had two cocks at her disposal, ready to fuck her anytime, and now another one had shown up. Except that she hadn't seen it yet, and hadn't even met the guy. But she seemed to be getting ready to make a sexy first impression.
The robe was still draped over her tits, but it was hanging open in the front, leaving her womanhood in plain view. I glanced down her nude torso and saw that her landing strip was gone. She had shaved her pussy bare, something that she did on occasion. She must have done it this morning, because there had still been a little hair there last night. I ran my fingertips over her naked mons and between her lips, which were getting very wet. She gasped and thrust her hips forward when I touched her clit.
"Dressed for the occasion, I see," I commented.
"I did that this morning. On a whim. That's how I wound up sucking Bret." She glanced at Bret. "We fucked a little bit, too." She looked back at me. "I hope you don't mind."
"Huh? Of course I don't mind. Denise and I were brewing more than coffee down here."
"I know," she replied. "I knew you guys were fucking even before tasted your dick." And she did. Women just seem to know things like that.
But I was still puzzled, I didn't see the connection. I stood up and offered my stool to her. "Here," I said, "sit down and tell us how shaving your pussy led to sex with Bret."
Laura sat on the stool. The robe fell to either side of her hips as she spread her legs and framed her bald pussy with her hands. She explained, "I was in the hallway checking to see how it looked in the full length mirror when Bret came out of the bedroom. He was naked, of course. He saw me there looking at my pussy and I asked him how it looked. He looked very closely and told me it looked nice. Then I asked him to check for any stubble. He checked all over with his hand." She demonstrated, running her hand all over her bare mons and pussy lips as she talked. She was having fun and getting all of us very horny.
"I told him that I didn't think there was any stubble inside, but he thought there might be and maybe he should check. So I told him to go ahead and put a finger in and see. So he did. Like this." She glanced at Bret and we watched her slip her middle finger all the way inside her cunt. "Then he said he needed two fingers to really check, and I said ok and he did this." She slipped her index finger inside. "I told him that maybe he should use three fingers to be sure. So he put another finger in, like this." She demonstrated by inserting her ring finger, also. My cock had started to relax a little, but it was rising again as my girlfriend finger-fucked herself in front of us. I could see that she was having the same effect on Bret, and that Denise's cunt was looking pretty wet again. "Then I told him that he might as well put four fingers in there, just to see, so he did." We watched her push her hand into her cunt up to her knuckles. She closed her eyes and let out a little groan. She was getting herself, and us, very turned on.
Laura continued with faux innocence, "I told him that he needed to check with a sensitive part of his body, like the inside of his wrist. He told me his cock was more sensitive, but he said a cock isn'treallysensitive unless it's hard. And I could see that his was soft. So I put it in my mouth to get it hard. That was fun because it was soft enough to get all of it in my mouth. I really liked having his whole cock in my mouth. I could feel his balls up against my chin."
She continued fucking herself with her hand as her story unfolded. My cock was back at full attention, and a steady stream of precum dripped down my shaft. Bret was in the same state, fully erect and drop after drop forming at the tip. Denise's inner lips were protruding, as was her clit, which she lightly touched as she listened.
Laura now seemed oblivious to us. She was looking down at her pussy, focused on masturbating as she related the encounter.
"I could feel his cock growing in my mouth. I love how that feels, when a soft cock gets hard in my mouth. He got pretty big pretty quick. Pretty soon I could only get his head in, so I figured he was hard enough. I stood up so he could check for stubble with his cock. First he checked in front by rubbing his dick on my mound, and he said that was nice and smooth, but he got me all wet. Then he rubbed it all over my lips. His cock was stiff and he kept touching my clit with it, and that felt pretty good, so I thought that maybe he should just check inside again." She was getting more excited now, finger-fucking herself faster and talking between heavy breaths. "So he did," she gasped. "I leaned against the wall and he held my leg up and he pushed his cock all the way inside. He poked around in there a few times, just to check. Then when he pulled it out again, it was all wet." She groaned and took a breath, fucking herself even faster. "So I sucked it and licked it clean. That's when we came downstairs..."
She shuddered as her orgasm enveloped her. She looked at me in mid-spasm and finished her story, "...and I kissed you!"
Denise groaned and shook, also. I'm not sure how Brain and I managed to hold out and not shoot cum all over the girls.
In the midst of Denise's orgasm, Rob walked through the back door. "You're all set," he announced as he reached the breakfast bar. It was then that he saw the two women, both obviously post-orgasmic, one of whom he didn't know and didn't even know was here, and who had her hand stuffed in her naked pussy. "Don't walk on that for a couple of days," he stammered in a low voice, taking in the scene. And then very tentatively, "Am I interrupting?"
"Oh, Rob!" said Denise, gathering her composure. "Not at all. Come in."
At that point, Laura realized he was there. Her sexual energy momentarily spent, she pulled her hand from her snatch and closed her legs. She pulled the robe over her legs, but it really didn't cover anything, it just made her look sexier.
Denise introduced her. "Rob, this is Laura."
Rob extended his hand. Laura released the robe, letting it fall away from her lap, and offered hers. Rob caught her hand with the back of his wrist. "My hands are pretty dirty," he explained.
He raised her hand up and leaned over and kissed it. He lingered over her hand with great interest and kissed it again, more slowly. I realized that it was the hand that had just been buried inside her pussy. Keeping her hand close to his face, he looked up at her. "Very nice to meet you," he said.
"The pleasure is mine," she demurely replied, and I knew she meant it. She clearly knew that she had triggered a sexual response in Rob, and she immediately began to emanate female heat. She leaned back on the stool and let the robe fall completely away from her hips. She relaxed her legs, opening them provocatively, just enough that Rob could see her still engorged vulva if he chose to look down there, which he did. In fact, he couldn't seem to stop looking at her, his eyes rising from her naked slit to her tits, which were still covered but completely visible through the sheer material. She brought her hand up and nonchalantly pushed her hair off her shoulder, at the same time pushing the robe away from her right breast. The silky edge of the robe hung up on her erect nipple, and she looked at Rob with a little smile as she moved it completely off her tit, making it clear that there was no accident in showing him her naked body.
My cock throbbed at the outrageousness of the situation. Bret and I were standing there naked and erect. Denise and Laura had each just had orgasms, and now Laura was flaunting her nude sex at someone that she had just met, whose first glimpse of her was with her hand halfway up her pussy, making herself cum. We were catching Rob in our sexual web, with Laura leading the way, much as she had done with Derek the night before. The difference was that this guy was a regular sex partner for Bret and Denise. That made it a little better, and they seemed happy to share.
"Would you like some coffee?" Laura asked him.
"No thanks," Rob said, "but some iced tea would be great."
"There's some in the 'frig," Bret said, and started to turn toward the kitchen.
Laura reached out a hand to stop him. Her hand landed directly on his erect member. I don't know if she did that intentionally, but she made no effort at all to move it. "I'll get it," she said.
She stood up and walked toward the living room, which was in the opposite direction from the kitchen. She let the robe fall off her shoulders to the floor. She turned and bent down to pick it up, flashing her ass and pussy at us as she did so. Tossing the robe on the couch, she stood and turned back to face us, pausing for a moment, as if posing. She looked stunning. Her breasts are not quite as high as they were a few years ago, but they were round and firm with perky, erect nipples. Her belly was very slightly rounded but still firm, and her legs were as shapely as ever. The complete absence of pubic hair on her smooth mons somehow made her seem even more nude, making her slit very visible in the gap between her thighs. She looked directly at Rob, working her spell on him. She had to go around the breakfast bar to get to the kitchen. She could have more easily gone the other way, but chose instead to go around Bret, brushing her naked body against his as she passed, and Rob, who she brushed with her nipples as she worked her way behind him.
She got the iced tea for Rob and brought it over. Standing close to him, she held the icy glass against her nipple, lightly rubbing it. The visual made my cock throb. She stood completely naked in front of this fully dressed stranger, eyes locked on his while she seductively stimulated her nipple. I looked over at Denise and Bret. They were watching Laura and masturbating. Bret's hand was wrapped around his cock, and Denise was massaging her clit as they watched my nude girlfriend seduce Rob. She handed the glass to him and circled behind him, again brushing her nipples across his back. She passed to the inside of Bret this time, between him and Denise, facing him so that her nipples slid over his chest and his stiff cock rubbed against her belly as she made her way by him. I was standing next her stool. She walked up to me and pressed her naked skin against mine, squeezing my hardon between us. She wrapped her arms around me and whispered in my ear, "Is this ok?"
I slid a hand between her legs. Her pussy was soaked! "Go for it," I whispered back.
She smiled and sat down on the stool. She looked from me to Rob as she raised her hand to her right breast and tweaked her nipple.
"I should get home and get cleaned up," Rob said, his eyes fixed on Laura.
"Just use this shower," Bret suggested, pointing at the ¾ bath opposite the breakfast bar.
"I don't have any clean clothes to put on," Rob said in an unconvincing protest.
"Since when do you need to wear clothes around here?" Denise asked.
"Ok," Rob said. "Where should I get undressed?"
"Rob, we're all already naked!" Denise exclaimed. She was right, Bret, Laura, and I were naked. Denise was still wearing a t-shirt, but she was bottomless, her pussy in plain sight. "How about right here?" She nodded toward Laura and me. "I don't think these guys will mind," she said.
"We don't mind," Laura assured him. She was looking down at her tit. She still had her fingertips on her nipple, rolling and pinching it as she spoke in a slow, sexy voice. "In fact, Rob, it sounds quite nice, especially if you're not in a hurry about it." With that, she looked up at Rob and raised her other hand to caress her left nipple.
We all looked at her and smiled. She was in conductor mode, and orchestrating yet another encounter. Although her body was very visible while she was wearing it, there was something very sensual about the way she had dropped the robe to get completely nude while Rob watched her. Now she was playing with her nipples and sitting with her legs casually spread, exposing her sex to him not in a slutty way, but like a woman who was confident in her beauty and her sexuality. And she was suggesting that Rob, whom she had just met, do a striptease for her.
"I'm in no hurry," Rob said. He smiled at her as he slowly unbuttoned his shirt.
"Anybody want a mimosa?" Bret asked. The girls each replied affirmatively. Rob asked Bret if he could make a Bloody Mary. Bret said he could, and I asked for one, also.
Bret came around Denise's stool toward us, the long way around to the kitchen for him. He stopped in front of Laura and stood between her legs with his hands on the back of the stool. His cock was half hard, and hanging about an inch from her pussy. She continued pinching her nipples as she looked down at the proximity of their genitals, and then up at him expectantly.
"You guys are fun!" he said, leaning down to kiss her.
"You guys are, too!" she replied. She raised her face to meet his kiss. She let her nipples go and reached between her legs, grasping his cock with both hands. I think Bret had intended just to kiss her, but Laura had other ideas. She held their kiss as she brought his cockhead up to her pussy lips and rubbed it against her vulva, pushing him between her lips to her clit. I watched his cock grow in her hands, his base swelling up to its enormous girth. As it stiffened, he pushed the head deeper between her lips, and she pulled him inside. Still kissing him, she put her hands on his ass, spread her legs wide, and pulled his cock all the way into her. She let out a sexy grunt, muffled by the kiss, when he penetrated her deeply enough for his large base to stretch her cunt.
In the corner of my eye, I saw Denise watching me, and thought about our earlier conversation about watching our partners fuck each other and how much we liked it. I looked over at her and she smiled and winked. I smiled back at her as I returned my attention to Bret and Laura.
"Stay there," Laura commanded Bret, and pulled her knees up to allow him to get deeper inside her.
Bret did as ordered, and stood there with his cock buried deep in my girlfriend. She gripped my member and looked up at me.
"God, his cock feels so good," she said to me. I leaned down and kissed her. She looked back up at Bret. "Give me one good hard shot, Bret," she said. "Just one good hard fuck."
Rob's shirt was open and he had come around the breakfast bar to living room. From there he had a perfect view. He sat on an ottoman and took off his work shoes, all the while watching the action on the barstool. Denise tweaked her nipples through the t-shirt as she watched her husband fuck Laura.
Bret put his hands on Laura's raised legs and gripped her thighs as he slowly backed his cock out of her. "Fuck me!" she commanded. She looked up at him, just the head of his cock still inside her. She squirmed on the stool. "C'mon, fuck me!" she repeated. Bret plunged his dick into her with enough force to rock the stool back. "Unghh," she groaned, throwing her head back as the fat base of his cock slammed home against her clit.
She held him there for a moment, her eyes closed, head still back. "Do it again," she said. He pulled back and pounded his cock inside her again. "Ohhh," she moaned. She threw her arms around him, pulling him close, her head against his chest. Her eyes were still closed. "Again!" Bret's ass reared back, and he pushed his cock into her again. "Uhhh!" Her body convulsed. "Uhhh! Uhhh!" She spasmed, and then went limp. Trembling, she held Bret tight. Laura was very multi-orgasmic, with one orgasm often leading into another. With three thrusts of Bret's cock, she had just cum again. She gets turned on by having an audience, and this one included a clothed stranger, which made it even better. She finally relaxed and leaned back, pushing Bret out of her vagina. She pulled his head down and kissed him. "Thank you," she said. "That was wonderful."
"My pleasure," Bret said, straightening up and stroking his wet dick. He walked into the kitchen and started making drinks. He had fucked Laura twice today but still hadn't gotten off. "I'm gonna need to pop this thing soon," he called back to us.
"Don't worry," Denise said, looking at Laura, "I've got a feeling she's not done with you."
Laura turned her attention back to Rob. I knew this whole little scene was largely for his benefit. Laura knows she looks great having sex, and that if he saw her fuck, he would want to fuck her, too, not that there was any question about that. He was sliding his shirt off of his shoulders.
She turned her stool to face him. "Nice," she said as his shirt fell away. She had lowered her knees, but her thighs were still parted enough to see that Bret had stretched her cunt open. Her hand wandered down to her clit.
Sitting on the ottoman, he was at eye level with her gaping pussy. "You, too," he said, watching her stroke the hard nub protruding from her swollen inner lips.
Laura said, "Denise tells me that you play with her and Bret."
Rob was taking off his belt. "Sometimes," he said. He slipped the belt out of the loops and tossed it on the couch. He stood up and faced her, still watching her masturbate.
"She says you play with boys, too."
"Sometimes. That can be fun." He was unzipping his workpants and staring between her legs.
Laura continued to frig her clit. "I like watching that," she said.
Rob's pants fell to the floor. The tent in his boxers revealed his arousal. "I like watching that," he said, nodding toward the hand on her pussy.
"Think I can watch you?" she asked, her eyes on the rise in his boxers. She looked up at him. "I mean with a guy." She spread her legs wider and rubbed herself a little faster.
"I don't see why not, that sounds like it could be fun," he replied. She frigged her clit more intently as he slowly pushed the boxers down. A small, trimmed pubic patch came into view, and then the base of his dick. "After all, I'm watching you right now."
He pushed the waistband down a couple of inches, revealing a good sized shaft. Laura bit her lip. He pushed down further, so that the material was down far enough to completely see his balls, but his cock was still partially hidden. Laura masturbated as she watched him slowly reveal his manhood to her. Now he stopped, with half of his dick in view. Laura looked up at him, and then slowly lowered her gaze back to his crotch.
"Show me," she said, watching intently. Rob pushed the boxers down and let them fall to his ankles. Laura gasped audibly as the head freed itself from the waistband, and his whole penis came into view. It hung at half mast. It was of moderate length, not quite as long as mine, but it was very thick with a large cut head. And he wasn't even fully hard. She stroked her clit harder and let out a soft moan as she shook with yet another orgasm.
She leaned back in the stool, legs wide, hand covering her pussy. "Yum, you really are a handy man, aren't you!" she said.
Bret came back to the bar with drinks. Rob walked over and stood at the bar, between Laura and Denise. The two women openly stared at his semi-erect member.
"Welcome home, big boy," Denise said, taking his cock in two hands.
She looked at Laura and began to gently stroke him.
"I told you he had a beautiful cock," she said to Laura.
"You weren't kidding," Laura replied. She reached over and cupped his balls, softly massaging him while Denise pumped his thickening shaft. By the time Rob had downed his drink, the girls had gotten him fully erect. I don't think his cock got any longer, but the girth was amazing. Laura loved the way the base of Bret's cock stretched her cunt. This cock was bigger than that, and for its full length.
Rob pulled away from the girls and walked to the bathroom. Laura stared wide-eyed at his erection as he walked around her. "Be right back," he promised.
Once we heard the shower running, Laura leaned over to Denise. "Oh my God!" she exclaimed, "You fuck that?"
Denise just blissfully nodded, and gave Laura's pussy a playful stroke. "You're gonna love it."
"I do love it! I came just looking at it! But I'm not sure I can fit it in me," Laura said, looking down and pulling her pussy lips open, as if to gauge just how large a cock she could accommodate. "I want to do three cocks, but I don't where I can put that one!"
I walked over to Denise. My erection had not subsided for a while, and I just had an impulse to fuck her. Without discussion or foreplay, I pushed her knees up and positioned my cockhead at her entrance. She looked up at me with lustful anticipation, her pussy literally dripping. Laura had gotten us all horny. Bret was standing behind his wife. He reached down with two hands and pulled her t-shirt up over her tits and pinched her nipples. She moaned as I slid my cock deep inside her.
Slowly fucking Denise, I turned to Laura. "You'll find a place to put that cock," I assured her. And she did. But that's another story.