It was a little more than two hours after I'd covered both Fiona and Alice's faces in my come, the plan id been conjuring up over the last few weeks had eventually culminated in me fucking both of them and Fiona confessing to Alice that she'd been my whore for almost two years.
Alice was now under no illusions that I controlled her as well as her mother and the new ground rules had been set, which is why we were all now sat watching TV naked except my whores still wore my sperm that was no dried across their faces.
Alice hadn't really said much since and still seemed shocked, confused and scared about the whole situation, me and Fiona on the other hand chatted freely as you'd expect, Fiona was after all used to and comfortable in her role as my whore. I knew she wouldn't be fazed by the weirdness of having her daughter in on the situation.
Fiona knew that I'd never make her do anything with her own daughter and vice versa with Alice with her mother, sure we'd be sailing close to the wind by having them suck and fuck the same cock but they would never be made to do anything physical with each other.
What I had at my disposal now was every young man's dream, somehow more by luck than planning I'd managed to wangle a stay at Fiona when my misses fucked off abroad following her career, what I hadn't bargained on was finding out Fiona was a neglected, desperate wife. That said she still needed some gentle persuasion but fundamentally she was addicted to my cock.
That was her downfall and mainly her useless husband's fault, if he'd of only fucked her every now and then she wouldn't have been so tempted to my meat. That's what led me to own my mother in law Fiona.
Alice was just by chance that I caught her out committing a blackmail able offence and with the experience of snaring and controlling Fiona under my belt it was only a matter of time before young naïve Alice fell under my spell.
So now I had two whores, one mother forty years of age and her eighteen year old daughter, my former mother in law and sister in law. The bargaining tool potential with these two at my disposal was incredible. The longer Alice sat in silence pondering the future getting more worried I knew I had a potential problem with obedience.
I had to get them over the hurdle of their first time whoring together; I looked at the clock on the wall which read six in the evening. Plenty of time I thought for Fiona to show Alice the ropes and for them to get over the first awkward encounter.
"I been thinking," I said, "You two are going out, there is no time like the present to see how well you can work together," I said and looked at them both, Fiona didn't seem at all concerned but Alice showed signs of trepidation as to what I was implying.
"Upstairs to clean up and be in full slut gear and make up in one hour," I said heading off to sort myself out too as I was planning on being in the background to observe them in action.
Both came down together and looked exactly as any owner would want his whores dressed, there was leg, stomach, cleavage all on show in the tightest fitting clothes they had. I had both raise their skirts and was pleased to see they'd both selected white knickers with sheer material at the front so that their thin line of pubic hair could be seen through the fabric.
"Fantastic pair of whores I've got myself," I said to them before heading to the car with them in toe on their high slut heels.
Now I didn't really know where I was heading to be honest as this was all a bit last minute, what I needed was an area with a few pubs and bars, a place to park and places for Fiona and Alice to easily get a cab to bring their chosen victim or victims home in.
I didn't really want to go to our main town about 12 miles away so instead headed for a smaller town about 8 miles away. I knew a place to park and I'd easily gotten home from there before so knew they wouldn't have a problem getting home.
Because it was smaller the pubs wouldn't be as busy which is what I wanted, I wanted them to be noticed, to stand out and turn heads. I wanted them to feel like everyone was looking at them and for them to feel awkward. I wanted husbands with wives to look at them lustfully and wives with husbands to heap scorn and shame on them.
Also being in a smaller less busy place it would mean that they would have to work that bit harder to snare their prey, not only that it would most certainly wouldn't go unnoticed and I was sure that with the towns reputation for 'everybody knows everybody's business' word would probably spread around quite quickly. Good for snaring men but not so good for the towns women who wouldn't take kindly to outsiders stealing their men.
I parked in a pay and display down the road from the leisure centre and less than five minutes' walk from the town centre which was pretty much along one high street. I checked the time, seven twenty, I paid for the two and a half hours to take me up till ten pm and then it was free thereafter.
I gave each of them thirty quid which should've been more than enough once they start putting their charms to good use to get drinks, they had to save a tenner each as I knew cab fares would be about twenty but if they were good I'm sure they would get that free.
"You've got a phones?" I asked.
"Yes owner," they replied.
"Good make sure they are on loud as I may send you orders that you'll have to comply with throughout the night understood?" I said looking at them both.
"Yes owner," they both replied.
"Now the main objective for you two whores is to return home with cock, but remember from now on you're my whore team so you share cock. If you bring back one you share one if you bring back more you share them all do you understand?" I told them.
"Yes owner," they replied again. Nervousness clear in Alice's voice.
"I'll be at home just before you in the camera room, whoever you bring back stays until morning when you'll both fuck them again, fuck anywhere in the house now there are no secrets between you now," I said and again they confirmed acceptance.
"Right I'm going to a pub on the left down this street called The Baron; I'll expect to see you whores in there in five minutes. I don't want you to select your victims until at least eleven o clock once we've been in a few pubs to show you off," I said and once they'd told me that it was all loud and clear I headed off.
The Baron was as I expected forty or so people were in scattered around the place. Younger lads of about twenty congregated near the pool table playing doubles, a few older men lined the bar and some couples were dotted around on tables.
There were a few groups of three to seven men huddled around ranging in ages so there was a good mix here, one thing there wasn't were any scantily clad women so my whores would stick out like a sore thumbs here. Perfect I thought as I sat down at the back with a good view of pretty much the whole room.
The woman on the table to my left alerted me to my whore's arrival and I looked up from my phone to see them totter in to the bar.
"Look at the state of these pair of slappers, especially the old one she should know better," she said to her husband who looked as if he was trying to feign interest.
I watched people whispering in to their companion's ear and then heads turned in their direction, smiles and appreciative nods were shared by the men and looks of disgust were etched on the faces of the women. Probably more through jealousy than anything else as they wished they could still look as good as Fiona at her age.
They ordered a drink each and then looked out for somewhere to sit and selected a table over to the left of the bar, bad planning on my part as I should've told them no sitting down as I wanted them visible as much as possible. I quickly rectified my mistake by sending a text to Fiona;
"You should know better whore, just because I forgot to tell you to stay at the bar you should know that you're always on display, sitting to the side is not displaying yourselves is it?"
I saw her retrieve her phone and then show the message to Alice before she typed back;
"I'm sorry owner it's my fault I should have known better, I'll make it clear to Alice what is expected and we'll move there now,"
I replied, "Her name is young whore not Alice when you describe her to me, your stupidity means you have earned the first punishment, show the young whore this so she knows you're a stupid whore."
I saw her hand the phone to Alice and then I sent another text;
"You see the stools free at the bar, sit on them for now young whore may sit sideways on but you whore will face the bar and part your knees until I can see the material of your knickers. I'm sitting at the back straight ahead of the stool you'll sit on; I want to see your gusset from now until I tell you to leave,"
I watched her read the text and then hand it to Alice who seemed to look relived when she read it wasn't her that was being punished. They collected their drinks and headed over to the stools and awkwardly slide themselves on to the high wooden stools. Alice turned to face her mother keeping her legs together.
Fiona initially sat to the side to get on the stool and then slowly turned in her seat so that she was facing the room, or most of it. She looked up and I watched her scan the back table s until her eyes locked on to mine and then she place her heels on the wooden rest that was around the middle of the stools legs.
Keeping her eyes locked on mine her knees began to part until they were open about six inches and then she stopped. She was doing a good job of not reacting to all the eyes that were now upon her from all around the room. I heard a least three women call her a slag that were sat close to me so I knew that her knees were far enough open.
I went and ordered myself another drink and stood right next to them at the bar ignoring them completely, they were both silent and Alice looked deeply embarrassed by the situation. I sat back down and in my seat and grabbed my phone to send Fiona another text.
"To clear up any future confusion regarding fuck ups and punishment show young whore this message, disobedience from either of you will impact on the other eventually, as my whore team you will succeed together and fail together,"
I watched her hand the phone to Alice after reading the text and then the phone was back in Fiona's hands so I text again;
"Pass this to young whore, face the room on your stool and part your knees six inches like old whore I want to see your knickers all the time,"
Fiona scanned the text and then passed it to Alice, as Alice turned she gave Fiona the phone and looked beyond everyone towards me and parted her legs. I was no looking between both their legs at white think material. I smiled and sat back drinking my drink watching them display themselves.
One of the groups of men then came over to the bar from the side, they were probably the loudest of the groups and there was five of them all in their late thirties I guessed maybe one of them similar in age to Fiona. They all looked like proper worker blokes and all seemed confident and it wasn't long before both my whores were engaged in conversation.
They were pretty much surround by the men now so I couldn't see there knickers but I couldn't ask the men to move could I and alert everyone to my presence. I could see that their legs were still apart by getting fleeting glances as the men moved about. My whores were handed a drink each in a small shot glass and they knocked it back before being handed another.
I went to the bar and stood to the side and ordered whilst keeping an eye on what was happening, one man was either side standing beside the stools on which they were sat and the other three were along the front of their stools far enough back to see between their parted knees.
I pulled out my phone and text Fiona;
She excused herself momentarily from the conversation she was having with the eldest looking of the group and pulled out her phone;
"I'm not sure your audience can see between your legs properly both open your legs another four inches at least,"
She read the text and placed her phone back in her bag and then opened her knees a bit further which certainly didn't go unnoticed by two of the men in front of her. Whilst their attention turned to the thin material between her legs she placed her hand on Alice's left leg just above the knee and pulled it open as well.
Alice looked at Fiona but she just nodded and Alice seemed to understand when she saw her mother's wider legs. And again broad smirks spread across the faces of the three men when they clocked Alice's more visible knickers.
They ordered another round of shots which the whores downed and then I text;
"Leave the bar, go to the next place down on the right I'll be there in a couple of minutes,"
Fiona excused herself again and checked the text, "Come on we got to go," she said jumping down and grabbing Alice's hand. The men of course tried to get them to stay and asked where they were heading but Fiona just said she might see them later.
I listened to the blokes for a few minutes as the topic of conversation was dominated by Fiona and Alice and what they'd spent the rest of the night doing to them, I chuckled to myself knowing that by showing off my whores so many men will go home fantasising about them. One or two lucky ones might get to live those fantasies out tonight though.
I entered the next bar down which was Brannigans up a flight of steps; this place was slightly busier with groups of males varying in ages from eighteen to fifty or sixty. The clientele in her was certainly worse than up the road with half the people in here pissed already, you wouldn't of thought it was a Sunday night.
I spotted Fiona and Alice at the right hand side of the bar wedged in between a crowd of nine or ten blokes that seemed to be hogging the bar bit and the gambler behind. I went and stood around that side and hovered a bit so I could see what was occurring.
This men clearly more pissed and with a lot less decorum were swarming all over them both hands were on their arses and round their waists and they were pulled in close to men as they had things shouted in to their ears over the thud of the music. They got their drinks and moved away from the bar and stood just to the side of the gambling machine where the men were, they wasn't too keen to let them escape and at least a couple of them were talking to them all the time. I ordered a beer and had a quick walk around the bar to see if there was anywhere to display my goods.
It was quite busy in there, busier than I expected for a Sunday. Maybe the signs I kept seeing about reduced beer on Sundays was the reason why, it seemed like a good enough reason as any to get slaughtered. I was slightly disappointed that there was no seating anywhere and I headed back to the side I'd left them.
They were still there being swarmed around like flies around shit so I decided this was just not the right place to hang around to long, but before we left I had one little thing for them to complete.
I text Fiona who pulled the phone from her bag, it must've beeped loud over the music or she had it on vibrate as well, any way she pulled out the phone and read the text and handed it to Alice. They both necked the remainder of their drinks then both grabbed the nearest man to them and gave them a big wet tongue kiss and walked out.
I'd told them to cross the road to a small little bar on the corner that looked more up market and not as busy. When I arrived they had this time took up stools at the bar even though there was a few tables vacant, Fiona had learnt her lesson and was teaching Alice well. I ordered and sat down at a table near a group of three men.
All looked around Fiona's age and quite wealthy, they had certainly noticed Fiona and Alice and I heard them mentioned in conversation a couple of times. Both were ideally placed to give the mean a tantalising glimpse between their legs. I managed to catch Fiona's eye and by placing my palms together and moving them apart she understood my instruction.
I nodded towards the men sat on the table near me so that she knew who I'd picked for them to display themselves to. I then held up eight fingers and as if by magic two sets of knees parted and white thin knickers were the talk of the table next to me.
Because of the bar layout only the three men were privy to such special views at the moment and the man who was predominantly sitting with his back to them shifted his seat so that he could look with more ease.
I was just thinking about moving on when one of the men at the table beside me called out to Fiona who was no more than ten feet away any way, "Hey you two do you want to join us for a quick drink?" I saw Fiona ponder this for a second and look at me, I gave no indication she should know what I'd say.
Fiona slid of the stool followed by Alice and the men moved down the bench to allow Fiona and Alice to sit at the back between two of the men with the third pulling his chair back round now to its original position sandwiching them between the three.
Drinks were ordered at no expense to my whores and the conversation was soon flowing about what I wasn't sure as I couldn't pick it all out with two conversations going on at once. Fiona was talking to one chap furthest away and Alice was the centre of attention of the two other men.
They couldn't take their eyes off Alice, her young firm tits and wonderful legs had them mesmerised, but Fiona's charms hadn't gone unnoticed either and the three were lavishing attention and compliments at my whores. I got a feeling that the men were just looking for the right time or signal and things could get a bit more intimate.
Fiona took the phone from her bag and read the message before showing Alice, they left it about a minute and then both parted their legs a little or as far as they could against the strangers legs beside them. These men weren't daft and when they saw what my whores were doing they shifted down a little and the legs of Fiona and Alice parted about eight inch each as per my original instruction.
This didn't seem to be enough for the men either side and with the spreading of the legs it seemed to the men that the green light had been given.
"I think you can do better than that don't you ladies," the man closest to me said and took Alice's knee and lifted it off the floor and hooked it over his leg so that her thin tanned leg hung between his legs swinging above the floor.
The movement of her leg upwards had caused her already short skirt to ride further up and with a little help from the man on her left it was now round her waist. The thin white triangle of her thong was now easily visible and I imagined that the man opposite was getting a good look at the outline of her cunt lips in the tight, see through material.
"Let's have a proper look a you too shall we," said the man on the far side next to Fiona who copied exactly what his friend had done by lifting Fiona's left leg and draping it over and between his own. The man sat on the chair in front pushed the table along a bit and shuffled his chair up so that he was in front of the two.
I smiled as he looked down at Fiona's barely concealed cunt beyond her equally thin knickers material and a smirk spread across his face as he flicked his eyes between the two.
"You two looking for a good time tonight then?" the one closet to Fiona said as his left hand ran up the inside of her left thigh until his fingers rubbed lightly along her slit and I saw Fiona take a sharp intake of breath before answering him.
"Maybe," she said in a seductive voice looking down at these strangers fingers on her knickers, "But we have a couple more bars to go to first," she said looking at him and smiling, showing no signs of stopping the touching of her private place.
"Well hopefully you will come back here once you're done, what do you think young lady, fancy letting a few older men show you a good time?" said the man in front looking at Alice as he reached forward unobstructed and traced his forefinger along her young slit.
"Ohh," she gasped at his touch and the men smiled at her, "Maybe," she cooed.
The man on Alice's right then reached in with his right hand and hooked all four fingers under the thin piece of elastic running down the left side of her cunt, he lifted it and slid his fingers downwards so that the backs of his fingers were against the lower part of her cunt, the material now away from her.
She looked nervous and looked fleetingly at the man in front of her who smiled then let his eyes fall back to the prize his friend was about to reveal, then she looked to the right at the stranger who's fingers were in her knickers and then ashamedly she looked down between her own legs and watched as her cunt was revealed to the men.
"Oh my, have you ever seen such a pretty little cunt boys," said the man in front as her thong was eased aside.
"Not for a long while Colin," said the man on the far side next to Fiona.
The man in front then reached forward again only this time with no knickers obstructing his middle finger he was to turn his hand over and extend his middle finger out and push it straight between Alice's folds and in to her cunt until his other knuckles pressed against her.
"Oh fuck," Alice sighed.
"Fuck me that's tight, get a feel of that Sid," he said pulling his slick finger out and pushing it straight in to his mouth, "Tastes fucking lovely too."
His mate, Sid curled a finger straight in to her hole and pumped it in and out a few times and agreed with his mate, she was tight and just as tasty as his mate had said she was . The man in front, Colin, then reached forward and crudely hooked two fingers under the elastic of Fiona's thong and with a swift tug to the right she was also exposed.
"Look at that, another fine looking pussy we've got ourselves chaps," Colin said before the man on Fiona's did waste his opportunity to rub her bare pussy and feed her a finger.
"What's it like Russ, looks soaking bloody wet from here!" Colin joked before replacing his finger where his mate Russ's had just been," Hell yeah," he said as his middle finger disappeared with ease, "I think wet is an understatement what says you Russ?" Colin asked laughing with Russ his finger sliding in and out of Fiona.
"I think there might be room in here for one more, wouldn't you say so?" he said looking Fiona in the eyes.
"Yes, I think your right," said Fiona.
"I know I'm right," said Colin as one finger soon became two and Fiona moaned a bit louder as two fingers filled her hole.
Colin then pulled his fingers out and sucked both clean, "Yum very tasty," he said looking at them both and smiling as his friends toyed with both my whores pussies, "You'll stay for one more drink before you leave won't you?" he asked them looking again at both for an answer.
"Yes, mmm, we'll stay for one more," Fiona whimpered as Russ pumped two fingers up her with ease now as her cunt flowed with more juices.
Colin turned to the bar men and shouted over for the same round then turned back to the action and Sid pulled his finger from Alice and rubbed a finger on her clit so that Colin could have another play with her.
Russ and Sid continually fingered and rubbed the clits whilst Colin nipped between both, very little was said between the five of them, low groans and whimpers could be heard occasionally from either Fiona or Alice as fingers filled there holes or their clits were flicked.
I then noticed the young barmen heading from behind the bar with a tray full of drinks and he duly headed for Colin's table. He slid the tray down and started placing the drinks on the table. It took him about twenty seconds to notice what was going on and had a good look himself over Colin's shoulder but didn't say a word.
He took his time clearing the empties from the table making sure he got a good luck at their cunts and faces before disappearing back behind the bar only this time he struggled to tear his eyes from Colin's table.
"Any way Sid," said Russ," are we going to swap so that I can have a have a fiddle with that young bitch before they disappear.
"Yeah no problem bud," he said and got up to move round the opposite side. As they did Colin handed them both a drink which they took and drank whilst he leaned forward and slide two fingers in to each of them and holding his thumb down on both their clits at the same time.
As soon as his mates had got comfy again he pulled out and took a few big swigs of his pint as they got acquainted with a different pussy.
I could see that both of them were getting very worked up now after a good twenty minutes of being fingered by the strangers and both had their eyes shut at this particular moment as it was quite obvious that soon they would orgasm. A text message I sent opened Fiona's eyes and she read it while still being fingered.
I then heard her say, "We have to go, but before we go please make us come on your fingers."
"I'm sure we can do that considering you asked so nicely," Sid said jabbing his two fingers in Fiona that bit harder.
Colin wanting to be involved in making them come as much as his mates pushed a finger into each of them alongside his friends digits, each of my whores now had three fingers in their holes as the men pumped them to orgasm.
Alice came first and turned her head in to Russ's shoulder to stifle her groans as her thighs shook and her young cunt released its self on the fingers of strangers. Fiona followed suit less then a minute later and like Alice she turned her face to Sid but he had other ideas and planted his lips on hers and drove a tongue in her mouth as her juices coated their fingers.
Once finished the fingers all slid out and I could see their glistening wet holes briefly before they pulled their own knickers back across covering their wet violated holes. They got up to leave and all the men said they hoped to see them later.
"Maybe," Fiona said leading Alice off towards the exit.
When I went out a minute or so later I looked at the clock it was nearly nine forty five and I wanted to get at least one more bar in before making them pick their men. And now the ante had been upped in the last bar I had the perfect task for them in the next. As I walked past them I said follow me.
I led them to another boozer another bar that was blasting out dance music and seemed pretty busy now that time was getting on. As we queued to get in behind three other people a group from the second bar passed and shouted out to Fiona and Alice that they were going on to the club and to come down for a good time.
We were soon in the club bar which had a downstairs and an upstairs, I went to the downstairs bar and they followed but hung back and ordered at a different part. After looking round and seeing that the age group in this bar was fairly young I was sure they would have no problem in completing my next task.
I pulled out my phone and text Fiona;
"We're going to be here for thirty minutes and no more, both of you are to suck a cock in this bar, how you do that is up to you but you half an hour,"
Like normal she read the text and passed it on to Alice who didn't look as concerned as she was two hours ago, maybe the alcohol had took effect or maybe she was getting used to be my whore all ready. They downed whatever drinks they'd purchased and quickly ordered two shots each and knocked them back then headed off into the crowds of mostly younger men.
I let them get on their way for a few minutes then moved through the crowd myself slowly stopping whenever I saw them. They weren't being shy that was for sure both openly flirting, touching the lads and not objecting when stray hands felt their arses or their waists. Plenty of conversation was going on then they'd move on in search of cock to suck.
Things seemed to get a bit more promising after about ten minutes when they were stopped at the top of the stairs by two lads, they looked about twenty one or twenty two, both tall at over six foot and with definite gym bodies. They were also very confident and were soon leading my whores off by the waist towards the back corner of the upstairs area.
I skirted around the edge and walked right past where Fiona and Alice now stood, they were along the back wall behind two tall tables with the two big lads in front of them. Surrounding the table were six other lads similar in age and all as muscular.
I made another slow pass of the upstairs and was pleased to see that things had progressed, as it should have considering they had fifteen minutes left to complete. I could see that both Fiona and Alice looked as though they were wanking a cock each as their arms were moving very quickly behind each of the lads. I managed to find a little spot just down the wall against a ledge where I rested my drink and made out I was talking on the phone.
From this angle I could now definitely tell that they were tugging away quickly on what looked like two decent sized boners, I saw Fiona glance at her watch clearly conscious of time and in a flash her hand was soon replaced by her mouth and she resumed the frantic bobbing by bobbing her wet mouth up and down rapidly.
Alice followed suit and I smiled at the sight of them both working hard on them strange cocks, man they sucked like champions, barely even stopping for breath, the lads were loving it, turning back to talk to their friends and high five each other to acknowledge their pulling power.
I looked at my watch, they had less than five minutes to be swallowing come and I didn't think they would do it but a minute later Alice's head recoiled and shot up her lads cock but he held caught her head just in time and held her there whilst he filled her throat. He seemed to be squirting huge amounts down her throat but when she was let go she opened her mouth for him and he laughed.
I saw Fiona lift her head and look across at Alice who was wiping her lips as the lad she sucked tucked his spent meat back in his jeans. Fiona needed to get a move on she only had a minute left and I saw her stick her tongue in to his jap eye and then he bucked and spunked.
Fiona moved her head quickly to cover his pulsating helmet and caught all the rest of his cream and dutifully showed him she'd swallowed it all. They excused themselves and headed towards the toilet but snuck off to the stairs when out of sight ducking down in to the crowd to slip away.
They were waiting outside for me and I led them both over to a doorway, "You left that late whore, thirty seconds later and you'd both be being punished," I told her. "Anyway you've got thirty more minutes to go back to the places we've been and find a lucky man or men, bring them home by eleven thirty and you know what to do when your home don't you whores?" I asked.
"Yes we know owner," they both said.
"I'll be at home in the camera room don't disappoint me or whoever you bring back," I said walking off towards my car leaving them to decide who their victim or victims would be.
I grabbed myself a decent take out on the way home and took up a few cans of larger then chilled out waiting for them to return. I heard a car pull up outside at about eleven seventeen but didn't go and look, I wanted to see who was going to appear on the screen once they walked in the house.
I could hear mumbled voices but not very well so couldn't quite tell what was going to come through the door. I heard heels clicking down the path to the door and then a key opening it up and Fiona came through the door followed by Sid and Russ, Two of the men from the third bar who had already fingered them both. Alice came through the door next followed by Colin the third man from the bar.
Fiona had already taken three bottles of beer from the fridge and handed them out once Alice and Colin were in and the door was closed. She told the men to go through to the lounge and get comfy and they did just that taking their jackets off on the way in and leaving them on the dining room table.
I could now see all the men better in this light and all looked similar in age to Fiona, Colin and Russ were both pretty imposing figures at about five ten but both looked well built, maybe outdoor workers. Sid was smaller and a bit heavier around the waist but still not in bad shape for his age.
Sid slumped down on the armchair leaving the other two to sit either end of the large sofa leaving a space between. Fiona and Alice then began taking off their clothes which caught them a bit by surprise at how forward they were.
"Two people are keen," said Russ, "Not that I'm complaining," he laughed as he watched them both intently as did the other two.
Soon enough both of them were stood in their heels, thongs and bras and the men all complimented them just like men do," Fucking hell you pair are crackers, turn round and show us them sweet arses," said Colin.
Following the request they both turned and wiggled their bums at the three and then bent over to touch their toes at the instruction od Sid," Hold that pose," he said lifting himself out the chair and standing to the side of Alice. He rubbed a hand over small of Alice's back first and then over her arse and felt up both of her cheeks giving them a squeeze each.
He then did the same to Fiona's fuller arse and then came back to Alice and hooked his fingers under the strand of material that was between her arse cheeks and covering her pussy. he lifted it away from her body and pulled it over and hooked it round her left cheek exposing her shaven pussy flaps to the room.
Because Alice was slimmer than Fiona when she was stood like this there was a bigger gap between her thighs so her pussy flaps hung loose, "Close your legs," Colin shouted over," squash your cunt lips together," he said and Alice complied moving her feet as close together as possible and then crossing her feet closing up her cunt lips.
"Would you look at that, it's like a fucking little peach," Colin said.
"you stay just like that missy," Sid said patting her arse then moving over to Fiona and doing exactly the same thing by exposing her lips to the room. Fiona's legs were clamped shut and her lips were already squashed together and protruding out. Like Alice's they were shaved smooth and looked beautiful.
"I think we've got ourselves some prime pussy tonight boys, and believe me its been a long long time<" Sid said.
He sat back down and the men had them stand like that for a good three minutes before they told them to spread their legs shoulder width. Once they had they again looked at their pussies like they'd not seen one in their lifetimes. It was a fantastic sight though, my cock was bulging sat upstairs watching as they made them reach round and spread their arse cheeks and then their lips.
"Look at um look both sodden," said Colin draining his beer and putting it on the side before standing up and approaching them from behind. The next thing they would heard was a zipper as he unzipped and popped his button then pushed his jeans round his ankles.
A hard long skinny eight inches popped out and bounced angrily in front of him, he grasped it and pulled himself a few times then placed a hand two hands on Fiona's hips, he didn't even offer it up before pulling her back and impaling her all the way down his length.
"Holy shittt," she cried as she tried to get her balance by placing her hands on the floor.
Colin showed no concern or consideration for her and began pushing her forwards and backwards up and down his cock," This is what you've wanted all night isn't it you dirty slag?" he said to her continuing to rock her back and forth.
"Yes, yes Colin I want your cock, "she managed to say, "Let me show you a good time Colin," she added.
"You will darling don't worry about that," he said. He then looked to the left at Alice who was still bent over with her hands on the floor and her legs spread. He easily found her open hole and fed two fingers in to her, "You want some cock too missy, you want some older cock in your young cunt do you?" he asked pulling his fingers out and pulling out of Fiona.
He moved behind Alice and like with Fiona he held her hips and pulled her back on to his throbbing wet cock.
"Ohhhhhhhh," Alice moaned as she was filled to the brim and then rocked back and forth on his pole just like her mother had been moments ago.
"God she's tight boys, how old are you missy," he asked not stopping his pushing and pulling on her.
"Eighteen," she panted.
"Fucking eighteen lads, you here that were fucking some eighteen year old pussy tonight," he said before pulling out and turning to the others , come on boys you got to try this out," he said.
All three were now up on their feet and shedding clothing like it was a race until all three men stood naked behind my two whores.
Russ was packing a very good sized cock, easily eight inches but almost twice the thickness of Colin's, Sid on the other hand was the least well-endowed but still had respectable six and a half in his hand.
Colin stepped out the way and the other two crept in behind Alice and Fiona, Fiona looked up towards Alice at her shriek wondering what the hell it was. Russ had just entered her and I could tell that he had filled and stretched her little hole completely with his size.
Fiona on the other hand had no problems with accommodating Sid's cock and she just took his hammering with ease. Alice on the other hand hadn't stopped grunting and yelping since Russ had entered her and the size of his meat rubbing down the walls of her cunt soon had the desired effect as she came hard and nosily on his cock.
"I'll can still make them come like I did when I was a boy lads," he said chuffed to bits with his dick making a teenager come.
"I should think so with that thing," said Colin laughing.
He'd now walked to the front of them and lifted Fiona up from the bent position and directed his dick in to her mouth, "Come on then show my cock a good time," he told her standing with his hands on the small of his back pushing his groin forward so she could devour as much of his length as possible.
She really went to town on his cock, licking it, sucking it, wanking it, spitting on it, licking his balls. He had the full monty that was for sure and he certainly looked as though he was enjoying it. Sid was almost out of breath so pulled out of Fiona and walked round to Alice and presented her his pussy coated cock.
She reached out and took it in her hand and masturbated him a few times and then swallowed him, sucking nearly all of his cock down her throat with a noisy slurp. Russ took the opportunity to step across and then it was Fiona's turn to cry out as her walls were stretched around Russ's impressive cock.
"That's what I need, that's what I want a big fucking cock in me, yessssss, give it to me big boy, make me fucking come on your big cock," she demanded before being pulled back on to Colin's cock.
Russ seemed to really like being complimented on his cock and he seemed to be fucking Fiona with immense vigour, Fiona was constantly moaning and groaning on Colin's dick and every now and then she'd let out a deep low long groan as his cock hit the right spot.
It seemed to me that she was holding out for as long as possible just so she could feel his big cock in her for longer, but it was apparent it was becoming more of a struggle as her sucking became erratic and her legs were buckling.
She wasn't far off and I think Russ had twigged on to it too and he began to tease her a bit by pulling out and rubbing his cock around her hole and up and down her slit. Fiona was shameless sticking her arse out pushing back trying to locate his helmet so she could fill her greedy cunt again but Russ didn't allow her.
"You want to come missy, your close aint you?" he teased bumping his cock in to het entrance then pulling back as she pushed her arse back," Desperate for the big cock aint you?"
"Umm mpphh," she mumbled on Colin's cock and nodded her head at the same time.
Russ again rubbed his meat around her hole and again she unashamedly lurched back trying her hardest to get his thick cock in her, he laughed at her blatant actions and then moved away and went back behind Alice and fed his thick cock back in to her.
"Oh shit, not you again," she cried looking back at the smirking Russ before Sid pulled her mouth back round his cock and she was double ended. I saw Fiona tilt her head slightly so that she could try and see Alice, jealous that she was crammed full of the biggest cock in the room, not only that she'd already come on it once and here she was getting fucked hard towards another.
Fiona heard her daughter a few minutes later lift her head from Sid's cock and cry out that she was coming again as Russ rammed his length home and held her by the slender waist as her legs trembled underneath her. it was a good job she was holding herself up with a hand on Sid's cock and one on his thigh.
At a similar time Colin pushed Fiona off his cock and she immediately looked left in envy at her daughter coming down from orgasm still speared by Russ's magnificent tool. She'd just have to wait a while longer for Russ's cock as Colin pushed inside her again and she let out a appreciative moan thankful for something bigger than Sid's offering inside her.
I watched her intently just as she was watching her daughter hogging the big cock for herself and even though she was taking it hard from Colin she'd sorted her stance so that she had one hand resting on the wall and half turned towards Alice so she could see. Her eyes never left Russ's pistoling groin as she openly licked her lips biding her time.
Sid swapped with Alice after a while and rather than having her pussy stretched by his girth it was the turn of her pretty mouth to now be stretched and abused by his cock. She gagged almost immediately as she felt Russ lower her head slowly downwards.
He let her head go when he heard her gag and she shot up for air gasping for air and spitting saliva everywhere. Once she'd caught her breath she willingly took him back in her mouth only this time he didn't hold her head, she sucked him like a seasoned pro even taking his big heavy balls in her small mouth.
Sid then announced he was going to come and a moment later he filled Alice's young pussy, I smiled upstairs knowing that she'd crossed a certain line now; other than Nigel's come and mine this was the first time a total stranger had come in her, a total stranger twenty plus years her senior who she'd picked up with her mother.
Alice's journey as my whore was now well under way as she continued sucking Russ's cock with Sid's hot come swimming in to her body.
He pulled out and sat himself down in the armchair spent. Russ then led Alice to the sofa and I imagined it came as welcome relief considering she'd been bent over on her feet being fucked for half an hour already.
He sat down and pulled Alice towards him and told her to climb aboard with a smirk on his face, she lifted her left leg over him and then reached under to grasp his cock and guide it easily in to her come filled greasy pussy.
"Ohh goooood," she moaned as her lips stretched around his helmet again and filled her as she lowered herself.
"Fucking hell Sidney, you dumped a good load in here didn't your mate," Russ said looking over at Sid," I can feel your hot mess on my cock," he laughed.
"I aint shot a load like that for a long time Russ, bloody needed it too," he laughed as did Colin who was still giving Fiona a damn hard shafting up against the wall. She was now doubled over with both hands on the floor and her head almost between her ankles. Her right shoulder was up against the wall for support as Colin savagely fucked her.
Colin's demeanour had seemed to change and he was now slamming hard in to Fiona and calling her every derogatory name in the dictionary every time his cock bottomed out in her pussy.
"Take my cock you dirty cunt," he spat thrusting hard in to her and her moans turned for appreciative sounds to cries of a woman having her pussy fucked really hard. The other two actually looked over just to see what the hell Colin was doing to her as a high pitched squeal left her mouth as she struggled to stay on her feet.
I loved seeing Fiona being fucked hard in this way, up against a wall bent at the waist and vulnerable, her holes at the mercy of whomever id chosen to do her.
"Fuck me Colin you're really hammering that slut," said Sid.
"Fuck, in, teasing, cunt, needs, it, hard, and, rough, don't, you, slut," he said a word on every deep thrust.
"Yessssss, yesssss, I need, it hard!" she shouted, "I need rough sex," she squealed, "Make, meeee, oh god yessss, make me pleassseeee, make me commmmmeeeeee, "she begged," Please, please, pleaseeeeee fuck me harder," she urged Colin who struggled to give her any more than he was giving.
But it was just enough for Fiona as she screamed loudly once more and pushed back with such ferocity that it almost made Colin fall over. She was impaled as deep as possible on his meat and with her thighs clamped firmly shut she lost her juice over his dick in a long noisy display of orgasmic lust.
Once she'd finished coming her thighs parted slightly and Colin pulled his cock out with a noisy squelch. Her cunt juice flowed freely from her gaping hole and the backs of her thighs were soon slick with her own sweet liquid.
She stayed bent leaning against the wall, huffing and puffing and whimpering from such a hard fuck and huge orgasm. But she wasn't left alone for long as Russ's voice made her look over instantly.
"Get over here then slut, this is what you really want isn't it," he said heaving Alice off and placing her on the sofa beside him so that he could wobble his slimy cock around taunting Fiona with it.
She straightened herself up awkwardly, her back obviously sore from being bent over for nearly an hour, her calves burning and sore from supporting her against the violent thrusts she'd taken over the last hour.
She looked hungrily at Russ's huge thick pole and licked her lips, "Yes, I want that big cock," she said unashamedly as she crossed the room towards him and stepped past her daughter so that she was in front of Russ. She then turned her back on him and sat backwards until she felt the head of his cock.
Expertly she pushed back working her soaking slit over his helmet once, twice, three times applying downward pressure each time slowly as she worked his impressive tool between her folds, "Ohh yesss, there it is," she said and lowered herself straight down an inch and then stopped before rotating her hips on his helmet.
"Fuck yes, a nice big fat helmet," she cooed in wanton appreciation for his size girth.
This was the difference between Fiona and Alice, Fiona two years in to being my whore had begun to need and want big cocks and hard fucking, she appreciated cock of any length but craved big cock that filled her. Alice on the other hand was just starting out so she just took the cock, her desire and need wasn't as strong as Fiona's. But it would grow over time just as her mothers had.
Fiona savoured Russ's wide mushroomed dome for a good minute by just holding herself on it, lodged snuggly in her opening to her pussy where her most sensitive area was, the slight bobbing she was doing and I mean only millimetres would be just enough friction to feel his helmet rubbing her inner walls at the opening.
Fresh from having only just come and being at the peak of sensitivity she came again, "Urgghhhhhhhhhhhhhh," she grunted and clamped her thighs squeezing his helmet in the entrance to her hole. Although it wasn't a massive long orgasm like the one she'd just had it somehow seemed like a much more animalistic orgasm.
Probably because she'd literally just come from the sheer pleasure of sitting on such a fat cock and Fiona's need for it and no that she had it had tipped her over the edge in the filthiest way possible. "Fuck me I'm such a slut for big cock," she announced crudely and then sunk herself slowly down Russ's complete length.
She stopped only when her body was against his groin bone and then she leaned back and placed her hands on his chest and lifted her feet onto his thighs. She splayed her legs wide showing Sidney and Colin her well stretched cunt, her pussy lips were pulled wide around his girth and her clitoris had been uncovered and stood proud, red and swollen, engorged.
Both Colin and Sidney leered at her and called her a whore, Colin was still hard and Sid had stirred back to life now from watching her display and he was wanking his stubby cock back to hardness. Colin then pulled Alice off the sofa and pushed her aside so that he could climb up beside them and once he had he grabbed Fiona's head and pulled her sideways on to his meat.
"Ummpphhh," she moaned as Colin's cock filled her throat. She didn't stop bouncing on Russ's huge cock; she barely even missed a beat. It certainly wasn't the first time Fiona had been made to suck cock and ride cock so holding her rhythm was easy.
Sid looked beating his cock faster as it grew back to its full six or so inches, his eyes locked on Fiona's now execrated display. She'd got what she wanted eventually Russ's fat prick at the mercy of her wanton pussy and her mouth full of Colin's meat. She wasn't going to waste such an opportunity and she was making it evident that she fucked and sucked the best.
Sid now fully erect stood up and Alice turned to him expecting him to grab her for some sort of use but he walked past her and somehow climbed up on the arm of the chair on the opposite side of Fiona. She lifted her head from Colin's cock and turned to look at Sid. A victorious slutty grin crossed her face as she watched him get his balance then push his cock towards her.
She now had all three cocks round her whilst Alice looked on; an unmistakable look of envy and jealousy etched across her face at her mother as she hogged all the cock.
"Ohh yes all three at once," Fiona cooed and reached out to Colin's cock to masturbate whilst lowering her mouth to Sid's. "Ummpphhh," she moaned again sucking him deep down her throat.
Fiona shamelessly hogged all three cocks for the next ten minutes whilst Alice sat glumly on the armchair looking on at how a real slut dealt with three strange cocks, and the look of jealousy became even more obvious when Fiona began coming like the slut she'd been turned into all over Russ's huge cock.
After screaming the house down during her almighty release moments ago so did nothing more than heave herself up and down that fat cock four times hard and fast and then her body convulsed and she had another hard orgasm totally unashamed of how slutty she looked.
"Oh your real nasty you are aint you bitch?" Colin said pulling her head round to his cock as she began riding Russ's now very well lubricated pole.
"The nasiest slut," she said before swallowing his cock.
She sucked Colin's cock fast swallowing his meat until his cock head made her gag and then she'd pull back to his tip and swallow it again, she did this five times then swung to the opposite side and repeated the same action on Sid's smaller cock. Before his cock hit her throat she managed to touch his pubes with her nose taking his whole cock in her throat.
She repeated this three times each before Russ stopped her riding his cock and heaved her off throwing her left in to Colin who wasted no time what so ever in falling down on top of her and pushing her legs back behind her head. Fiona's didn't have to wait long for her vacant cunt to be filled as Colin easily slid his cock in to her and her deep groan of approval filled the room.
"Get over here slut," Russ said to Alice waggling his finger in her direction.
Alice didn't need asking twice, she almost ran over to him such was her need for some cock after being denied it by her greedy mother for the last ten to fifteen minutes.
As she approached and instinctively went to climb aboard Russ he reached up and grabbed her by the back of the head and before she even had time to stop or protest he had forced his cock passed her lips and stretched her mouth wide.
I could see on the camera Alice's eyes wide open almost in a look of shock and horror at the invasion of his meat. Her cheeks sucked in and her nose flared as she tried to get in oxygen, the girth of Russ made it impossible to breathe through her mouth.
I had a sneaky suspicion that it wasn't just the fat cock brutally shoved in her mouth that had made her look horrified but in actually fact she'd just watched her mother ride the cock for over twenty minutes in which time she'd come twice on it.
"That's it bitch taste your mates pussy juice, clean her off my cock," Russ laughed as he held her head and lifted it up and down as far as her small mouth would allow before she chocked.
Sid stepped down off the sofa and picked Alice up off her hunches and filled her cunt from behind and for the next five minutes she was fucked at both ends. In the meantime Colin had panted that he was going to come and under Fiona instruction he was about to fill her hungry hole.
"Come on big boy give me that lovely spunk," she coaxed him until he could hold back no more and filled Fiona up. "Oh yes I love strangers hot sperm in my cunt," she said woth her eyes closed savouring the feeling of yet more strange spunk flooding her hole.
Once drained Colin pulled her up so that she could clean the rest off his cock, "Hummm you taste wonderful," she said cleaning his helmet, shaft and balls. Hearing and seeing their mate beside them tipped poor Sid over the edge again and he filled Alice with his second load of the night.
No sooner had his floppy cock fell from her sticky hole was it being filled and stretched by Russ's thick length, "I need to come real bad young lady, ride me, I've got a real big load for you," he said to her starting her off by holding her hips and then falling back against the sofa as she took up the same rhythm.
Russ was trying his hardest not to come and his face gradually grew in to a tight grimace and he started to groan louder just as Fiona had when her orgasm boiled up. "God you little slag, that's it ride me harder I'm gonna blow," he grunted.
Alice fucked him harder bouncing her young tight pussy up and down his huge cock that was stretching her wide and from her own facial expressions and moans she too was on the brink already.
"That's it, that's it just like that. Arrghhhhh," he shouted and pulled her down on his cock impaling her completely with eight plus inches of hard thick meat that was now pulsating and in spasm in her small young pussy.
As come flooded her hole and the extra sensations of his dick pulsating was too much for Alice and she came at the same time as the stranger in her pussy. "Oh, my, gooooooddddd," she screamed as her body trembled and squeezed his cock dry.
It took them both about a minute to recover and then Alice lifted herself up and stood hovering above Russ's cock, her cunt lips were wide, gaping open and hanging wide from being so well stretched and then obscenely thick semen began dropping out of her cunt on to his helmet and shaft.
There wasn't much telling who's was who's now, Sid's had only just been dumped in her less than five minutes before Russ unloaded. There was a hell of a lot of the stuff though and it dribbled from her in a steady stream until she stepped away letting it break off on his thigh.
I then watched in proud amazement as Fiona crawled over the sofa and began licking the come from his thigh all the way up his leg until she found his balls. She sucked and licked them clean then worked her way up his shaft, making sure all of the come was sucked up before moving to his helmet.
She spent a good five minutes cleaning Russ's cock as it wilted to a flop on his thigh at which point she left him alone.
All of them sat in silence coming down off their sexual exertions, the silence was eventually broken by Colin who had got up to get his phone and was calling a cab. Twenty minutes later the men were leaving armed with Fiona and Alice's mobile numbers for a possible repeat session.
Once they were gone I came down and had them both suck my dick until I spunked over both their faces.
"You two are a wonderful whore team," I said and left them on their knees.