Bright Sparks Prodigy - Hannah's New Life
by Vanessa Evans
Part 4
The 3 sets of Ben Wa balls and one of the huge dildos arrived in the post and after handing a set of Ben Wa balls to both Olivia and Millie, I showed them the huge dildo.
Ethan and Logan were there when I showed Millie and Olivia the dildo and the guys immediately wanted to see us try it out.
"I'll never get that thing inside me." Olivia said.
"I'll go first then." I said and lay back on the sofa and presented the tip to my vaginal entrance.
"You're so wet Hannah," Logan said, "but maybe we should get a huge bottle of Lube for when you're not so wet."
"Good idea Logan," Olivia said, "I'll need lots of lube to get that thing inside me."
Slowly I eased the dildo into my pussy. It was difficult and the stretching hurt me a little, but finally I got about 10 centimetres inside me with the other 4 flatmates all watching me and me refusing help from both Logan and Ethan.
Both Millie and Olivia asked if it was okay that they tried it later when they were on their own. It was obvious that Ethan and Logan were disappointed but they both agreed.
"How about trying the Ben Wa balls?" I asked.
That was less frightening to Millie and Olivia and all 3 of us girls sat on the sofa with the guys opposite and we slowly inserted the 2 small steel balls.
After they had warmed up, Olivia said,
"What are these supposed to do? I can hardly feel them."
"Get up and walk around." I said.
We all did and Olivia said.
"Oh, I can feel them clunking together," closely followed by,
"Oh shit, one slipped out."
One slid out of Millie at around the same time so I said,
"Girls, you have to use your pussy muscles to keep them in, like your Kegel exercises."
"This is going to be fun walking around the university trying to keep them in." Millie said.
"That's what it was that that Ruth girl lost in the canteen the other day. She got some weird looks and she was bright red. I didn't have a clue what was going on, but I do now." Ethan said.
"Well guys, I've got to start getting ready, Charles is taking me to a CMNF club tonight." I said.
"What's a CMNF club?" Olivia asked.
After Logan explained it to her, both girls said that they were jealous.
"Your sugar daddy coming good." Logan said, "are you calling him daddy yet?"
"Sometimes." I replied. "He's promised to take me to his hotel in Jamaica."
"Bloody hell," Logan replied, "A hotel in Jamaica, you do what ever it takes to hang on to him Hannah."
"I intend to, even if that means him spanking me to an inch of my life, but I doubt that it will come to that, he's way too nice for that."
"I thought you said that he's already spanked you Hannah?" Millie asked.
"He has, but it wasn't that hard, as I said, he's way too nice."
"Do you want me to help you with your hair and nails Hannah?" Millie asked.
"And do you want me to shave you Hannah?" Logan asked.
"Yes to both of you please, but Logan no fucking me. I don't want your cum dripping out of me when I'm with my 'sugar daddy'.
Logan was the first to help me, in the shower, he did make me cum with his fingers and I wanked him until I had to wash his cum off me.
Then it was Millie's turn and she did her usual excellent job.
"You could easily become a beautician" I said when she was in the middle of the job.
"I used to do the nails of a lot of the girls at the home, but it doesn't pay enough for me right now, maybe when I get old and no one wants to look at my body."
"That would be in about 50 years then." I replied.
"Ha, I wish."
I got a phone all from Charles just before 7 p.m. to tell me that James would be outside my building in 5 minutes, and not to bring a bag with me. I slipped on my best summer dress and my only pair of heels and with a quick spray of perfume, I left the flat to the sounds of Millie and Logan wishing me good luck.
When I got down to the road the car was there and James got out to let me get in. I was a little surprised to see Charles sat there looking very smart.
"Hi daddy, good flight back from Jamaica?"
"Yes thank you 'daughter'." Charles replied with a little chuckle. Then he said,
"You can take the dress off now Hannah, you won't be needing it for quite a few hours."
I quickly looked around and saw that the side and rear windows were tinted, then did as instructed.
"Hannah sweetheart, you have to trust me, I would never tell you to do anything if I thought that it wasn't safe."
"Yes daddy, I know, I just forgot for a minute. Are you going to spank me?"
"No, not this time baby."
I snuggled up to Charles and he played with one of my nipples as I unzipped him and just held his cock until we got there.
I have no idea what the building was that I saw men with girls walking in to it, some of the girls were naked and some looked easily as young as me.
James got out then opened Charles' door, then came round and opened mine. I looked around and saw that there was little chance of us naked girls being seen by anyone other that those on the car park.
I linked my arm with one of Charles' and we walked to the entrance, Charles saying hello to a couple of guys who had girls on their arms, both of the girls wearing only heels like I was, and being just as hairless as I was.
Inside I watched the girls who had arrived in clothes, leave them in the cloakroom and we then went through into the big hall where I saw well over a hundred people, the female half of them being as naked as I was.
There were tables all around, most of them with chairs at them and places set for a meal. I wondered what the other tables were for. I also saw a dance floor but there was only background music.
We got a table with 2 other couples, Thomas and Charlotte, and Theo and Harper, Both Charlotte and Harper were of a similar build to me, skinny with small tits.
Conversations between the men and between us 3 girls soon started and it became obvious that both Charlotte and Harper had been to similar events and were totally unconcerned about their nudity in amongst all those men. Charlotte saying,
"It's okay for girls to be naked in front of men."
I smiled and agreed with her.
When I asked Charlotte what happens at these events she replied,
"Much the same as at any diner and dance except that us girls are lucky enough to be naked."
"So what are the tables that have no place setting on for?"
"That's probably the best part, they are for us girls to get up there and do whatever we want."
"What sort of thing?"
"Absolutely anything except that the men can't climb onto the tables."
"So they could grope a girl who is on a table?"
"Yes, and a lot do."
And the girls can get themselves off?"
"Yes, and the men can help them, with their hands or mouths."
"Wow, I can see why Charles brought me here. Are you going to get on one of those tables Charlotte?"
"Probably."
"What about you Harper?"
"Probably, but it depends on what Master says."
"Theo is your Master, you're his slave?"
"It's not as clear cut as that, but yes, I always do exactly what Theo says."
"Wow." I replied, not knowing what else to say but Harper filled the silence by saying,
"I noticed that you called Charles 'daddy', is he your father Hannah? I know that quite a few couples here are father and daughter."
"Are they now!? No, Charles isn't my father, I never knew my father but Charles would make an excellent father."
"So he's you sugar daddy then?"
"I guess that you could call him that. He's really nice to me and he gives me expensive gifts."
"Lucky you Hannah. Theo isn't rich but I am very happy with him."
"Happiness is the most important thing Harper." I replied.
I looked around and saw that the room was filling up and I was a little surprised when a naked waitress came and took our drinks order.
"So all the female staff have to be naked as well?" I asked Charlotte when the waitress was out of hearing range.
"Yes, they do, with the exception of the kitchen staff who cannot leave the kitchen."
Once all the tables with chairs were full someone gave a signal and the staff started serving the food. Our table was looked after by a young man and I smiled when I noticed the bulge in his black trousers.
"Poor boy," Charlotte said, "it must be hard for him around all these naked girls."
I smiled at Charlotte's use of the word 'hard' and I wondered if she realised what she's said.
The meal continued with all 6 of us getting to know more about each other. I wanted to know more about Harper's life as a submissive to Theo but I didn't get a chance to ask, but I did consider that I was a bit of a submissive as well as I was doing everything that Charles was telling me to do. I also wondered if Theo spanked Harper and if it was for punishment or pleasure.
Anyway, the meal ended, more drinks were brought to the table and the music got louder and more like dance music.
Charles came round to my side and very politely asked me if I would like to dance.
"Yes please daddy." I replied and Charles pulled my chair back as I stood up.
"A proper gentleman." I thought as he led me to the dance floor.
The music was a mixture of 80s, 90s with a bit of ballroom dancing thrown in, probably to please the older gentlemen that were there. I couldn't help noticing all of the tits bouncing about and was very grateful that mine are only small and the word 'bouncing' would be a gross over statement if referring to my tits.
When it came to the old fashioned dancing, Charles continued to be a proper gentleman, not putting his hands on my butt, only my waist, although I did like it when he pulled me close to him and I felt his bulge pressing on my stomach.
I did notice a few male hands gripping onto girl's buttocks.
When Charles had had enough dancing he led me back to our table and we passed a table that hadn't been used for eating. On it was a girl who must have been about my age and she was dancing whilst caressing her tits and her pussy. She looked to be in some sort of trance.
I looked around as we walked, and over to one side I saw 2 tables with people sat around them. The men were Asians and the girls were white and looked young and very unhappy, like they didn't want to be there.
When we got back to the table I asked Charles if he'd seen those 2 tables.
"Oh yes, the Rotherham Grooming Scandal Hannah, I don't suppose you remember reading about that do you?"
"No."
"Well these Asian men in Rotherham were giving young girls drugs then getting them to do nasty things. As they did them they were videoed then the videos were used to blackmail the girls into doing more things that girls their age shouldn't be doing.
Social Services and the Police found out but did nothing for fear of upsetting the racial harmony and being accused of racism. It went on for years until the public outcry forced the police to prosecute but only a handful of the guilty went to court and the sentences that they got were an embarrassment to the legal system."
"That's terrible." I said.
"Yes, but the really sad thing is that it's still going on in most of the cities in the country. I'd bet that those girls over there are victims."
"Can't you do anything about it Charles?"
"Not without the support of the police and they'd much rather turn a blind eye and go chasing speeding motorists or giving cups of tea to so called eco protesters who are blocking roads."
"Are your staff a divers mix Charles?"
"Of course, I don't give a damn about peoples skin colour or where they or their parents came from, or their background, all I demand is that they can speak English, are smart and clean, and they can do their job properly."
Thomas had overheard Charles talking and he added,
"Totally agree Charles, it's a shame that we don't have people in authority who have some backbone. The shambles that we've got who would rather pander to the crazy minorities than do what 99% of the public pay them to do."
"Enough of politics and the authorities." Charles said, "which of our girls are going to get on a table and flaunt their bodies?"
"Can 2 girls get on a table at the same time?" Charlotte asked.
"I haven't seen that before but there's nothing in the club rules to stop it." Thomas said.
"Come on Hannah," Charlotte said as she got to her feet and grabbed my hand, "you and me are going to put on the best show of the night."
"But I've never .... I'm not a ..... "
"Doesn't matter Hannah, it will come naturally." Charlotte shouted back to me.
And it did. A guy near a spare table helped us up saying.
"Two at once, this should be good."
Charlotte and I faced each other and started swaying to the music. Charlotte putting her hands on my shoulders and staring me in the eyes.
"You're dead horny aren't you Hannah?"
"Yes."
"So am I, I love these events and the sex afterwards is just out of this world. Our guys will be really suffering from blue balls waiting to get us somewhere where they can fuck us." Charlotte said.
"I'd ask Charles fuck me on this table right now if we could get away with it." I said.
"Yeah Thomas would fuck me as well, if he could get away with it." Charlotte added.
Charlotte slowly moved her head forwards and our lips met. Her lips were so soft. Our tongues met and explored while her hands explored my body. When they found my nipples I moaned as she gently teased them. If they could have got any bigger and tingled more, they would have.
I've never seriously caressed a girl's body before but my hands took Charlotte's lead and I did the same to her, and she moaned too.
Our hands automatically, slowly slid down to the other's pussy and the skin around her pubis and vulva was so soft. Charlotte's hand found my throbbing clit before I found hers, her fingers causing me to let out a long moan and a shudder.
Charlotte moaned too when my fingers found hers.
We'd stopped dancing by then and were just standing there caressing each others body, and I was enjoying it. Although I was almost oblivious to the everyone else in the room I knew that they were there and that we had a little audience.
That fact seemed to encourage our passionate encounter. And I dropped to my knees when I got the sudden urge to taste Charlotte's pussy. She spread her legs a little to give my tongue easier access to her slit.
Charlotte shuddered as my tongue found her clit and rolled around it.
My tongue slid back towards her entrance but I was surprised to feel Charlotte's hands gently pulling my head upwards. When I was up straight Charlotte said,
"Let's do this properly, 69."
I quickly dropped to the table, laying on my back between Charlotte's legs then she turned around and lowered herself in to the 69 position on top of me. As she was lowering herself I quickly looked around and was pleased to see that our little audience had grown with more men and girls watching us.
Almost at the same time our mouths attacked the other's pussy. My moans being unheard because of the pussy on my mouth.
I sucked, licked and penetrated Charlotte's vagina with everything that my mouth had, and she did the same to me. I orgasmed quite quickly.
Thankfully, neither of us stopped what we were doing and Charlotte orgasmed soon after, flooding my mouth and face with her juices.
But we both kept going and didn't stop until we'd both cum twice.
"That was totally awesome." I said as we both manoeuvred ourselves so that we were sitting side by side on the edge of the table as we got our breath back.
"You've got an amazing clit there Hannah." Charlotte said.
"Your pussy tasted delicious Charlotte." I replied.
It was then that we saw Charles and Thomas standing in front of us, both with big grins on their faces. I jumped off the table and hugged Charles saying,
"Thank you so much for bringing me here Charles."
"It was my pleasure Hannah."
"No, THAT really was my pleasure Charles."
We both smiled, both of us knowing what I was referring to.
Charles led me back to our table where he pulled a handkerchief (who still uses handkerchiefs these days?) and wiped my face which still had Charlotte's juices all over it.
Charles stopped one of the naked waitress' who was walking by and ordered more drinks for all of us at the table then I relaxed whilst Charles talked to Thomas and Theo.
After I'd finished my drink I asked Charles if I could go on a table on my own saying that I wanted to see if other men would play with my tits and pussy.
"Are you going to get into that crazy position where you hold your legs down with your arms again Hannah?"
"Would you like me to Charles?"
"Oh yes, when you are like that you look so exposed, so vulnerable, so inviting, I might even bend over the table and eat your pussy myself."
"Of course I'll do it for you Charles, I'll do anything for you, but remember, when we leave here this body is all yours for as long as you want."
I told Charles that I would do it for him, but I would do it mainly for me hoping that my vulnerable position would get taken advantage of by lots of men.
We waited for a table to become free then Charles led me over to that table and lifted me up onto it then I started my stripper routing, but starting at the pert when I had got totally naked.
Happily, a small audience, including Charles, had gathered around me, with most of them looking as if I was doing something unexpected.
It was difficult given the shortage of space but I made it to the part where I lock my legs behind my shoulders then started toying with my clit.
A couple of guys, then one girl reached over to play with my pussy, my little tits not being too easy to get to. None of them lasted long enough to make me cum so I took over from them and did just that.
Charles then came and stood at the end of the table, looked at my face then said,
"I'm going to enjoy this."
He then bent forwards and his mouth engulfed my pussy.
"Jeez," I thought, "where did that man learn how to do that?"
It was just as pleasurable as the first time that Charles had eaten my pussy and it didn't take him long to make me cum, and the best part was that he kept going and made me cum again before he stood up and smiled at me.
"Thank you daddy," I said when I was able, "you are the best person at doing that that I have ever known."
"I'll let you recover Hannah, then stay here or come back to the table. Do you want me to release you yet?"
"No thanks daddy, I'll just stay like this and see what happens. I won't be long."
What happened was that another man's hand came and played with my pussy for a while, finger fucking me and playing with my clit, but just as I was thinking that I was going to cum soon, the bastard went and left me.
About a minute later, one of the girls from the group of Asian men came over and stood at the end of the table.
"I have to eat your pussy but I'm not very good at it." The barely 18 year old looking girl said. "I have to make you cum as well but I don't know if I can."
"Don't you worry sweetheart, just do to me what you would like someone to do to you and I'm 100% sure that I will cum. Take your time and do whatever you want to me."
The poor girl didn't look too happy and I wanted to help her if I could. She bent over me and I saw her hesitate a little as her mouth approached my pussy.
"My clit and hole can take whatever you do to them honey," I said, "don't hold back."
The girl looked to be a long way from being stupid and I thought that given some practise she would become a good pussy eater. She relaxed after a minute or so and one of her fingers invaded my hole as she teased my clit with her tongue.
"Bite it, but not too hard." I said, and I felt her teeth scraping up my clit.
It took much longer than Charles takes, but she did make me cum. It wasn't earth shattering but it was a reasonably strong orgasm. When it arrived the girl stood up straight and just stared at my pussy. As the waves receded I did a couple of Kegel exercises then said,
"You did really good honey, tell them that I said that."
With a bit of a smile on her face the naked girl turned and walked away.
I made an effort and managed to free myself, then I just lay back with me legs spread, and thought about how lucky I was. Then I went back to the table and asked Charles when we would be going back to his place.
"You want to go and leave all this Hannah?" A slightly surprised Charles asked.
"What I really want is for you to take a viagra tablet, take me to your place and fuck my brains out all night long."
"I think that I can manage that for you young lady."
We said our farewells and left. It was dark outside and James flashed the car's headlights when he saw us looking for the car.
"I would have driven over to the entrance if you'd phoned me sir." James said as he opened the door for Charles.
"I know that you would James, I just wanted to walk Hannah around outside for a couple of minutes."
"You just wanted to make sure that my nipples and clit got very hard didn't you Charles?"
"Not got my dear, stayed very hard. They've been hard ever since you stripped in the car earlier."
"You're right as always daddy." I replied as I snuggled up to him in the back seat.
As we drove along, Charles got a little blue pill out of his wallet then opened the build-in mini drinks cabinet and took a drink to wash the tablet down. He offered me a drink but I declined.
When the car pulled up outside the hotel I asked Charles for my dress but Charles refused saying,
"Not needed my dear, no one will say anything."
And Charles was right. I linked arms with Charles and put on my 'I'm doing nothing wrong' face and we walked into the lobby and over to the lift. Charles said hello to 2 members of staff who responded with a,
"Good evening sir." Then they went about their business.
In the lift Charles asked me if I was okay.
"A little tired daddy, but not as tired as I will be tomorrow lunchtime after a night of non-stop fucking with you. Do you often walk naked girls through the lobby Charles?"
"Not often enough, but I have a feeling that that is changing."
Charles squeezed me just as the doors were opening.
"Shower my girl." Charles said as he pointed me in the direction of the bathroom then gave my butt a quick slap continuing with, "I'll join you in a minute."
What happened next was almost a repeat of my first night night with Charles except that we went out onto the balcony to watch the sun come up, then back to his bedroom.
It was mid morning when we finally stopped fucking. I'm sure that Charles was just as exhausted as I was. We had another shower without any more fucking then Charles phoned to order us some breakfast before he put a robe on whilst I stayed naked.
Again, the guy who brought the trolley with our breakfast on just acted like I was dressed but Charles was smiling. When the guy had gone Charles said,
"Maybe I should give that waiter a bonus for not jumping on you Hannah. I know that I would have when I was his age."
Over and after breakfast we talked about all sorts of things. Charles asked me about my course and when I told him that it was in hotel management he said,
"Oh really, do you have to go on work placements as part of your course Hannah?"
"Yes, I think so."
"Well when they start talking about it you let me know, I might just be able to help you out there."
"Oh Charles, you don't have to do that, I'm sure that the university will find places for me."
"Nonsense Hannah, you just let me know, how do you fancy doing the placement in Jamaica?"
"That would be awesome but I doubt that I could afford the airfare."
"I'm sure that we could come to some arrangement Hannah, one night like last night is worth a hundred airfares."
"Hey, I'm not here to scrounge off you Charles, I'm here because you are amazing company and you are awesome in bed."
"I don't think that Hannah, I think that you are an amazing person with an amazing brain and an amazing body and I want to help you as much as I can and don't think about the money, I've at least one shed full of that.
Talking of money, I've sent some more to your bank. I know that shaving every day can be a pain so you can now afford to get some laser hair removal."
"That's so kind of you Charles, yes, shaving can be a pain but it can also be fun if a guy does it for me,"
"I can imagine, but you don't have to tell those guys that you've been lasered and still get them to shave you."
"Sneaky. I like that."
"Also, I know that you don't have many clothes and I know where you got that black dress from. I've spoken to Willow and if you go and see her you can look at the ideas that she has for you. I'm guessing that most of them will be skimpy or revealing."
"Charles, I can't let you pay for new clothes for me, it's just not right."
"What's not right Hannah? You need clothes and I've got spare money. It's quite simple really."
"Can I pay you for them in kind then please Charles?"
"And what were you thinking of young lady?"
"How about something like this daddy."
I climbed on top of Charles and we had another, very pleasurable lovemaking session with me cumming 3 more times. I think that those 3 times took me into double figures since I got there, but I wasn't counting.
We also talked about my flatmates, our similar backgrounds, the ideas that we had on how to raise some money and the challenges that those ideas presented us.
"Hmm," Charles said, "You appear to have the advertising under control you appear to have 2 big problems, firstly, somewhere for you to perform your challenges, and secondly the equipment the you will need. How many people are you hoping to get at these events?"
"We'd be happy to get around 100 charging them a £10 entrance fee."
"You should double that to £20 Hannah, when they see what they will be getting £20 is nothing. As for the location. I might just know somewhere that has a private function room and is near to your university. I'll phone them tomorrow and find out if the place is still available.
"As for equipment, you say there is 3 girls in your flat and you've told me about all the challenges that you've thought of so far?"
"Yes and yes."
"Right, leave that with me as well, I have a relatively quiet few days I'm hoping that I'll be able to help you. Oh, one idea for you all to think about, turn it into a girls nude mini-Olympics and repeat it 2 or 3 times each semester."
"Thank you Charles, we're still learning about business acumen."
"You're a bright girl Hannah, you'll get there."
"Thank you Charles, has that viagra worn off yet, can I ride you again?"
"You drive a hard bargain Hannah but you've worn me out and I have a few things that I must attend to today. Have another shower then I'll phone for James to take you home."
I showered (on my own), dried then went back to Charles, he was working on his laptop and when I walked in he picked up his phone and I heard,
"James, bring the car round to the front, I want you to take Hannah home."
After Charles terminated the call I asked Charles where my dress was.
"Oh, I guess that it will still be in the car where you took it off yesterday."
"Can you get James to bring it up here please?"
Charles looked me up and down then said,
"Don't move an inch Hannah."
I didn't and I watched as Charles used his phone to take a few photographs of me.
"To help me remember how gorgeous you are Hannah."
"My dress?"
"Oh yes, just go down like that, no one will complain."
"It's broad daylight Charles, and there may be guests in the lobby."
"And?"
"And they might see me."
"And?"
"Okay, I get it, but if there's any trouble I'll blame you Charles."
"There won't be. Come here and give me a kiss then be off with you. You must have some course work that you have to do."
"I do, but you come before that daddy."
"Go."
I brazenly walked out of the lift, through the lobby and out to the car. I was seen by a few people, including hotel guests, and Charles was right, no one said a word.
"You dress in on the back seat madam." James said as I approached the car.
"Thank you James, but please, not madam, I hate that word, it makes me sound like a whore house madam, please call me Hannah."
"Certainly Hannah."
*****
Back in the flat everyone stopped what they were doing and we got some beers and everyone updated everyone on everything that they had been up to.
Millie and Olivia and done 2 evenings stripping and they had thoroughly enjoyed themselves. They both told us that they'd gone down on their knees towards the end and brought themselves off.
Ethan told us that he'd had a girl sleepover on the Friday night. It turned out to be Laura, the girl from my class that had been flashing her white knickers to my class and looking up the entrance steps and seen all 3 of us girl's pussies. I'd got to know her a bit in class and I'd thought that she was an okay girl.
Logan hadn't been so lucky on the evenings but he'd shared the shower with Millie that morning with the inevitable results.
Then I told the others about Charles' suggestion of a girls nude mini-Olympics and that he might have a location for us to hold them. Everyone liked that idea, even Ethan who said that he'd have to redesign some of the posters.
We then talked about the ideas for getting money and decided that all but 4 of the ideas could be incorporated into a girls nude mini-Olympics. We agreed that we try to think of more events and that Ethan would add an invite for other girls to compete on the posters.
We agreed on the rules and wording for the posters for the FlexiDoll, the Naked Housework, the Dating Agency and the Party Strippers and also setup a nondescript email account, along with the burner phone number, for people to use to send request for more information or bookings. Then we gave Ethan the go-ahead to print a load of posters.
We started running out of things to talk about so we all went our own way to do whatever.
Me, I flashed some guys in the student flats opposite then got on with some course work before relaxing with my magic wand.
*****
The next 2 days were not very exciting, but of the Wednesday when I got back from a lecture there was 3 large boxes waiting for me. They were too big and heavy for me to carry so I waited for Logan and Ethan to get back then got them to bring them up to the communal area.
We were all curios and when we opened them we were all over the moon. We had 3 Sybians lined up. Us 3 girls were ecstatic because we wanted to ride one and the 2 guys wanted to watch us.
Millie, Olivia and I stripped off what little clothes we were wearing and gingerly mounted a Sybian whilst the guy got the 3 controls and did their best to make us cum as fast as they could.
"Wow!" I said as my first orgasm started to recede.
"More?" Logan asked.
"Yes please." I replied.
Logan swapped controllers with Ethan and each of the guys made a different girls cum.
Unfortunately, Olivia couldn't take any more so we stopped after we'd all cum twice and we talked about using them for the girls nude mini-Olympics but Olivia said that she was going to take one Sybian into her room until then. Millie agreed with her but I said that I'd leave the third one in the common room and use it there, much to the delight of Logan and Ethan.
After getting some food I went to my room and tried calling Charles again. This time he picked-up.
"Hi there Charles, how are you this evening?"
"I'm good thank you Hannah, you sound happy."
"I am, and I'm guessing that you are responsible for that Charles, it was you who send us the 3 Sybians."
"It was nothing Hannah, I'm just pleased that they make you happy."
"Well Millie and Olivia would like to meet you to thank you in person, I'm sure that they'll let you fuck them if you want to."
"You wouldn't get jealous Hannah?"
"Of course not, I would have thought that you would have know that by now Charles."
"I do Hannah, I was just being polite. Yes I would like to fuck them but I doubt that they will be as good at it as you are."
We talked about a few things and I told him that we all liked Charles' idea of a girls nude mini-Olympics and Charles told me that that was good because he'd managed to get a venue for us. Somewhere that could hold around 200 people and be very private just by locking the doors.
Charles gave me the location, less than half a mile from the university, and a contact name and I told him that we'd go and check it out soon. I then gave him a list of the events that we'd thought of and he suggested that we get a camera crew in to video all of it. I then told him that we were going to start the other ideas soon.
"You be careful Hannah."
"Already thought of security Charles, either Logan or Ethan would be going to anywhere one of us girls would be alone with a client."
"Good, but if you want James to transport any of you or stand nearby, just let me know. I sort of feel responsible for you and your female flatmates."
Charles also told me that he'd suspended his contract with Harry and Sherry but I wasn't to worry, I'd still get paid every time that I was with him.
Again, I played down the money but I was very happy that my bank account was getting healthier.
Charles kept telling me that he wanted to see my naked body again and I suggested that he get me a Wi-Fi webcam for me to put up in my room so that he can watch me whenever I was in my room. Unsurprisingly, Charles liked that idea and he said that he'd get on to it.
"Do you want to go to a video call Charles? Then you can watch me bring myself off."
I switched to video then propped my phone between my legs. As I started masturbating I saw that Charles was also naked and we had my first ever phone sex. It was good, but not as good as the real thing.
When we had both orgasmed we said goodnight and I lay there wondering what it would be like to be watched by Charles anytime that he liked. I believed that Charles wouldn't share the URL but you never know.
The next afternoon I returned to the flat to find 3 much smaller packages addressed to me. I took them up to the flat and Millie helped open them.
"Oh my gawd," Millie excitedly said when she saw what was inside, "I was going to get one of these. We can wear then in classes and torment each other."
"Or the guys could control us from afar." I added.
Then I thought of Charles making me cum from some far corner of the earth.
When Logan got back and saw Lillie and I with the pink antennas sticking out of our pussies he said,
"That's another game for the girls nude mini-Olympics."
"You might have something there Logan, let's talk about that later." I said, "Load the app on your phone and link it to both of us."
Logan did, and it was a bit weird having someone control the Lush vibrator inside me, especially when he turned it right up and made me cum.
"Please don't do that to one of us when we are in class," I pleaded, and thankfully, Logan agreed.
We went though a similar event when Olivia and Ethan returned and I had to put my Lush on charge when I went to bed.
I tried phoning Charles when I was in bed but all I got was the usual unavailable message.
*****
On the Friday afternoon I went to see Willow.
After greetings Willow said,
"My, my, Hannah, you do have some rich friends, one of them has given me a blank cheque to make a whole new wardrobe for you. This guy Charles, is he the guy who wanted you in that totally see-through dress?"
"Yes he is, he's actually a really nice guy, tons of money, he owns the Grand hotel and a few more hotels."
"I knew about the Grand Hotel because he's already had me make a couple of dresses for you and deliver then to that hotel with a few other things for you. You've got yourself a real sugar daddy there Hannah."
"It would appear so, but as I said, he's a real nice guy. So, did Charles give you any ideas of how he wanted me dressed?"
"He did, he said that it had to be dresses or skirts and tops, definitely no trousers or shorts. I guess that he likes you to be dressed as a true girl. He also said that all your clothes have to be at least slightly see-through, easy to take off and easy for you to have accidental wardrobe malfunctions. He wants me to get you a dozen pairs of heels as well. He said that your legs look great in heels."
"Wow, we do have the same tastes in girls clothes although when I'm at his apartment he prefers me to be naked."
"That I can understand too, Now, let's talk about my ideas."
We did, and I liked the way Willow was thinking. At the end of Willow's ideas I asked her how much everything that she'd shown me would cost, to which Willow replied,
"There's nothing for you to worry about Hannah, your Charles will pay for the lot, and more if you come back to ask for some specialist dresses like the one I first made for you. Your Charles has told me that I have to deliver everything to his apartment, apparently he has set aside a room for you. He probably wants you to model them for him."
"I'd like that."
"Oh, I've already delivered a couple of dresses to the hotel for you. At the time I didn't know that your Charles owned the place, I just left them in a box at reception. If you don't like them don't wear them.
"Right, off you go, I'm sure that you will have a busy Friday night planned."
I didn't, and as I was walking back to my flat I phoned Charles and was lucky that he picked-up straight away. I thanked him for everything then asked about this room that Willow had mentioned.
"Ah yes, I was going to tell you the next time that you come to the apartment, yes, a room with lots of wardrobe space, a bathroom, a desk and a laptop. I thought that you might like somewhere quiet where you can study without getting disturbed, or come here and have a private workout in my mini gym."
"That's very kind of you Charles, but I'm only there when you are there and when we are there together studying is that last thing on my mind."
"I've thought of that as well Hannah, what are you doing this evening?"
"Nothing special, why?"
"Would you like to come over, we can get something to eat then have a bit of fun. If you want me to last all night I'll take one of the little blue pills."
"That sounds like an amazing idea, what time do you want me?"
"Whenever you are ready Hannah. I've got a bit of work to do but if you get here before I've finished it you can maybe relax in the jacuzzi."
"How about in 15 minutes Charles, I'm not that far away."
"It's a date, and when you arrive goto to reception and tell them who you are, they'll give you a lift card key that you can keep and use anytime that you want, even when I'm not in town."
"Charles, I don't know what to say."
"That you'll be here in 10 not 15?"
As soon as the call ended I picked-up my pace and almost ran to the hotel.
The receptionist handed me the card key and in the lift I took off the clothes that I was wearing so that Charles would see the naked me when the lift doors opened.
"Surprise, oh sugar." I said as I stepped out of the lift and saw Charles and another man that I didn't know.
"Come on in Hannah," Charles said with a grin on his face, "this is Tom Carey, Tom meet Hannah. Tom is my accountant and we've been discussing a take-over."
Tom put his hand out for me to shake and he said,
"I'm pleased to finally meet you Hannah, Charles has been telling me all about you, and I have to say that his description of you doesn't compare with the real thing, you look amazing."
"Hi Tom," I replied, not attempting to cover any of my body, "I wish that I could say the same, but Charles has never mentioned you."
"I wouldn't have expected him to, I'm an accountant, we blend into the scenery."
"Now, now Tom," Charles said, "You are way too modest, I would never have been where I am without you Tom."
"Thank you for saying so, I'll go and leave you to whatever."
"You can say it Tom, like I said, we are going to fuck each others brains out all night."
"I'll go."
I giggled a little as Tom got into the lift and Charles came over to me and gave me a big hug, lifting me off the ground. I heard the lift doors closing as Charles carried me to his bedroom.
Three hours later we decided that we were hungry so Charles phoned for some room service then we went and had a shower -- I love that shower.
We were dried and Charles was wearing a robe when room service arrived but I hadn't bothered putting anything on. When we heard the lift I started walking towards the bathroom but Charles stopped me saying,
"Don't bother Hannah, they'll have to get used to seeing you like that."
Well that didn't bother me so I just stood next to Charles and watched the young man wheel the trolley in. He did a double take of me, I smiled at him, then he got on with his job.
We sat eating and talking.
I told Charles that he was being way too generous with me, which I actually thought, but there was no way that I was going to refuse any of it. I was sure that Willow would make me an amazing new wardrobe and a quiet place to study would be great. My flatmates are great people but some of them, and those in the flats above and below, can get a bit noisy.
Charles' only real comment was that it would be great to come back from wherever and find a naked me in his apartment.
"So you expect me to be naked every time that I'm here Charles?"
"I don't EXPECT anything from you Hannah, but it would be really nice to walk out of that lift and see you naked in front of me."
I leant over and kissed him.
"And Hannah, if you want to bring Millie and Olivia with you it's fine with me, just not Logan and Ethan. I'm sure that they are great guys but I'd rather not see them naked."
"If I invite Millie and Olivia can we use the jacuzzi please Charles?"
"Of course you can, I'll show you how the controls work."
Meal over, I led Charles back to the bedroom and our lovemaking continued. About an hour later, I was riding Charles reverse cowgirl and we hadn't closed the bedroom door and I could see the table with all our plates on, and the trolley, when a different young waiter came into my line of vision.
I think that he was a little shocked when he saw me riding Charles but he got on with his job although I'm sure that it took twice as long because he kept looking over towards me. I'd smiled at him but it wasn't a smile that was on my face when my latest orgasm arrived.
I'm pretty sure that it came quicker because that young man was watching me.
About an hour later Charles stopped and told me that he had a cocktail party to go to, and that he'd like me to go with him.
"But I have nothing to wear and my hair is a mess."
Charles got off the bed then led me to a bedroom.
"This is your room Hanna, you'll find a couple of dresses and some shoes in the wardrobe and a hairdryer, some makeup and a few things that Willow though you might need in that drawer. Can you be ready in an hour?"
"Yeah, sure, but all this is too much Charles."
"Hannah, stop it. I could have got an escort but having you here is so much better, and I'm sure that a procession of escort girls would cost me a lot more and they wouldn't be half as beautiful and good in bed as you. Now into the shower before I spank that cute little butt."
I had my first luxurious shower on my own and I could have stayed in there for hours.
After drying my hair I checked the make-up and was pleased that it didn't include any of the foundation type of things that I never use.
When I went to choose what to wear I was pleasantly surprised that the dresses there were short, very short. I tried one on and looked at myself in the huge mirror.
"Wow, Willow was right about Charles wanting my clothes to be slightly see-through. I thought, I could just make out my nipples, areolae and my slit. The dress looked very short. When I slid my hand down the back it found flesh straight after it left my butt.
At the front I was sure that from a distance people would have been able to see my clit so I walked to the opposite side of the room and turned. Yes, the skirt part was longer at the back than the front and I could see my clit.
I smiled, took the dress off and put the other one on only to find that it too was slightly see-through and that it was just as short at the back and the front.
I giggled to myself as I thought about there being some snooty and prudish people at the cocktail party.
The shoes only had 4 inch heels but the fit comfortably -- if heels can ever be comfortable.
Five minutes later I had a little eye make-up and lipstick on, and was looking for Charles. I found him in his bedroom just putting a jacket on.
"Will I do Charles?" I asked.
"Hell yes Hannah, how quickly can you take that dress off?"
I reached behind me, found the zip, pulled it down and let go. Within 2 seconds I was naked.
"Good, I look forward to using that zip."
"Are you going to strip me at the cocktail party Charles?"
"Maybe, we'll have to see how it goes."
"Will there be snooty people there Charles, I don't like stuck-up people."
"Me neither, I'm from Yorkshire and we don't do snooty up there, only down to earth people."
"I've never been to Yorkshire, what's it like?"
"A mixture of unpleasant cities, lovely little villages and lots of open moorland. It's got some nice little seaside resorts as well, I'll take you there sometime. Right, are you ready Hannah?"
"As ready as I'll ever be."
It turned out that the cocktail party was in one of the hotel's function rooms so it only took a few minutes to get there.
"Who are all these people?" I asked as we walked into the room, me with one arm linked round Charles' arm.
"Local councillors and planning officials, I'm wanting to build a big leisure centre at the other side of town and this is a sort of bribery to get them on my side."
"Ah yes, Dennis told me about brown envelopes that councillors get."
"That's right, but it's best to make contact with these people at events like this first.
Err Hannah, some of these people might be a bit judgemental if they thought that you were my girlfriend, that age difference thing, could I ask that you pretend to be my daughter whilst we are here. I'll make it up to you afterwards, a blue pill and one of my special pussy massages."
"I'll hold you to that Charles, but it wasn't necessary, I would have pretended to be your daughter for free, I actually like the idea of being your daughter. So I'm your girlfriend am I? I like that as well."
We didn't get a chance to talk any more because we came across the first of the people there and there was a waitress handing out glasses of champagne.
I won't bore you with the details of each conversation but I did listen to them to see what sort of tactics Charles used on them. If I hadn't of being doing a university course on hotel management I would have found the whole event even more boring.
I also used the social interactions to observe the reaction of the people there to my attire.
When Charles introduced me to each group as his daughter I observed that most of the women there just smiled, said hello and then looked back to Charles, not wanting to converse with me.
That didn't bother me at all because they gave me the impression that they thought they were better than me, snooty.
It was the single men there that paid more attention to me. Being stood close to them I doubted that they could see my clit but a couple of then did compliment me on my outfit whist staring at me chest, one saying that I looked amazing from a distance as well. That made me wonder if he had spotted my clit when I walked in or across the room.
Two of the young guys actually asked me for a dated.
It took about 3 hours before people started leaving and I was grateful when Charles led me to the lift. Again, my dress came off as soon as the lift doors closed and Charles lifted me up and lowered me onto his hard cock. He carried me to his bedroom like that and another marathon sex session started.
*****
It was mid morning when I woke to the feeling of a warm cock sliding in and out of my pussy, and lunchtime when we got out of the shower.
I explained to Charles that I had to go back to my flat because I had things to do and we parted with Charles reminding me that I could go to his apartment anytime that I wanted.
As I was leaving Charles gave me a box that he said was a Wi-Fi camera for him to spy on me in my room. We'd already talked about that and I was happy for him to do that. He told me that there were instruction in the box and that once I'd set it up I was to give him the web address.
He also asked that I wear my Lush vibrator the next time that I go to his apartment so that he can connect his mobile phone to it.
*****
"Did you spend the night with your sugar daddy Hannah?" Olivia asked when I walked into the common area.
"I did, and he took me to this very boring cocktail party. Oh are those the leaflets that Ethan got printed?"
"They are, and we were about to discuss the areas of the university that each of us would post them in."
I looked that 4 different posters and saw ones for each of the FlexiDolls, the Naked Housework, the Dating Agency for Shy Students, and the Party Strippers. Next to them were boxes of drawing pins and rolls of sellotape.
We all got together and sorted out who was going where and who was manning the burner phone. It was agreed that it was best that a girl manned the phone because a girls voice was more friendly than a man's, and that Millie would do it because she has can put on a sexy voice better than Olivia or me.
Three hours later we were all back at the flat and eager to ask Millie if she'd had any calls which she hadn't. Then Logan checked the dedicated email account and we all cheered when there was a message in the Inbox asking for more details of the Naked Housework.
Logan keyed the reply then stopped before signing it.
"Guys," Logan said, "What do you think of the idea of all the emails being signed by a fictitious girl's name?"
We all greed on the name 'Candy'.
"And I think that when the girls go out to do a job they should use fictitious names as well." Logan continued.
We agreed that we'd use the names that we'd uses when we went for the amateur strippers night -- Millie -- Sapphire, Olivia - Diamond and Me - Emerald.
Logan setup the email automatic signature and sent the email reply.
Two hours later, Candy (Logan) got a reply and an exchange of emails over the next hour or so resulted in Sapphire being hired for an hour on the Sunday afternoon to clean this lazy guys dorm room.
*****
The Saturday evening was quiet for me as I was still tired from all the sex with Charles, my gawd, that man sure car wear a girl out.
However, I did manage to setup the Wi-Fi camera and put it where it had the best view of most of the room which definitely included my bed. Then I sent a text message to Charles with the details that he'd need to connect to it.
Just before I went to sleep, with all the room lights on and the curtains open, I saw the camera lens pan round the room then point down to me. I waved then spread my legs and my right hand went to my pussy, me thinking,
"I'll just rub one out for Charles before I'll go to sleep."
*****
The Sunday only had a few interesting moments. One was Sapphire's (Millie's) flat cleaning. Logan had gone with her to make sure that she was safe, but when the door opened Millie decided that the guy there couldn't have been a threat even if he tried, so she told Logan to wait outside.
The guy just watched Millie strip naked then get on with the job. The poor guy was too shy to even talk unless Millie asked him a direct question.
When her and Logan got back to our flat she split the money between Logan and Ethan saying that her and Olivia were getting enough money from the stripping.
When we all discussed how it had gone Logan warned us girls that not all the jobs would be that easy and safe as that first one, and that they should always take either Logan or Ethan with them.
Another of the interesting events was after the above conversation. I phoned the contact for the suggested location for our girls mini-Olympics and the guy was happy for us to go round there straight away.
When we got there we were impressed. Until recently the place had been used as a boxing gym and it still had the boxing ring in the middle of the huge room that would easily hold 200 people. All the training equipment had been removed so it was just the big room and the boxing ring.
When Logan asked the guy how much it would be to rent the place for a day he told us not to worry about it because some guy called Charles Greenburgh owned the building and had instructed him not to take a fee from us.
As we were walking back to the flat Millie said that she liked my sugar daddy even though she'd never met him. Olivia agreed.
Back in the flat we agreed the list of events: -
Bottle Race.
Who can survive the longest on a Sybian.
Catfights, 2 or 3 way.
Nude Wrestling with a guy.
Who can take the biggest Dildo or other object..
Two guys racing to make 2 girls cum using the wands.
Anonymously make a girl cum with the Lush vibes.
Human Wheelbarrow race.
Golf balls.
An Auction to 'sell' one of us for an hour.
Then we discussed and agreed the rules for each event.
What had become obvious was that there was way too many events for just us 3 girls. Ethan said that we had 2 choices, cut down on the number of events or recruit more girls.
All 3 of us girls chose the latter and we agreed to approach any girl that gave us any hint that there was a chance that they'd take part, although we didn't intend to mention money because we hoped that they would take part for the same reason as us 3 would. Namely to be seen totally naked by lots of guys.
Laura, the girl in my class who'd flashed her white knickers on the first day, came to my mind quickly and both Millie and Olivia said that they knew a few who might just be interested.
We agreed to approach them in the next few days with a view to holding our mini-Olympics just before the semester ended before Christmas.
Later, when Ethan and Logan weren't around, I asked Olivia and Millie if they'd like to go and see Charles' apartment explaining that they'd have to get naked in the lift and stay naked until we left.
"Will your sugar daddy be there?" Olivia asked.
"Would it bother you if he was?" I replied.
"Not sure." Olivia replied.
"He comes and goes at all weird times." I said.
"Then fix up a time when he will be there Hannah, I want to meet this guy of yours."
"Even if you have to be naked?"
"Especially if I'm naked." Both girls replied with a short giggle.
I smiled and told them that I'd fix it up.
*****