This short story is the first of a two-part extension of my Novelette,A Day as a Gift: Rise of the Church Anthology Book 2.
The church featured in this fictional story is a fictional organisation.
All characters are over 18.
Please enjoy!
* * * * *
Sarah checked herself over once more. Her full-body mirror was being put to good use as she fretted over every minute detail. She had been told that her interviewers would pay close attention to all aspects of her appearance, and she was determined to give them no opportunity to criticise her.
The guidelines on how to wear her uniform were very specific, and she went through her well-memorised checklist. She arranged her tiny, zip-up jacket so that the hem sat two finger-widths beneath the crease of her breasts, and she pulled up the waist of her flared miniskirt to place her bald vulva in a similarly precarious position. It was slightly pointless, as she would certainly repeat the process before presenting herself to her assessors.
She had risen at the crack of dawn and spent hours applying her makeup and perfecting her hair, and she had made sure to render her legs and pussy perfectly smooth, ready for the more intimate part of the interview. Resisting the temptation to check her genitals again, she took a deep breath and steadied her nerves.
She was about to venture into the world in a uniform of the Secular Church of Acceptance. She prayed that she wouldn't encounter anyone she knew.
'Mum, I'm going now,' she called, making her way to the door and donning her issued stilettos.
'Good luck, darling,' said Anne, cheerfully.
'I'm so scared that I've missed something.'
'You look perfect,' said Anne, neatening Sarah's hood and giving her a peck on the cheek. 'Oh, I love the silky feel of this jacket.'
'You're upbeat this morning.'
'I'm excited for you!'
Sarah thought there was more to it, but she didn't have time to delve. Her mother had visited an SCoA convent earlier in the morning to return a girl who she had borrowed as a birthday gift for her husband, and she had been out for longer than might have been expected.
'Did dad enjoy his present?' asked Sarah, opening the door.
'He had a lovely time with her.'
'As lovely a time asyouhad?'
'What do you mean?' asked Anne, defensively.
Sarah laughed as she stepped into the street. 'You couldn't take your hands off her!'
'That was just to get your dad going.'
'I'm sure it was,' said Sarah with a cheeky smile.
'Did you brush your teeth?'
'Yes, mum,' Sarah said, rolling her eyes.
'Have you memorised all the church's values?'
'Yes, bye mum.'
'Do you know the names of all the convent masters?'
'Bye, mum!' Sarah called, waving as she walked.
She had expected people to stare at her, but she was taken aback by how openly they did it. They saw her as a public exhibit, and they had no qualms with brandishing their camera phones at her. One man even stopped her for a picture, making her adopt a variety of poses for his collection.
She regretted arriving early at the train station, as it allowed extra time for people to accost her, but she was happy to find a quiet carriage when she finally boarded. She was dismayed, though, when she saw a young man making his way along the aisle towards her. They had been classmates in school, and she had had a secret crush on him. She faced out the window and hoped he wouldn't notice her.
'Holy shit! Sarah?'
'Oh, Nathan! Hi!'
'I didn't know you were in the SCoA! When did—'
'I'm not in yet, I'm just going for my interview.'
'I never would've thought you'd be the type to join the church.'
'What's that supposed to mean?'
'Come on,' he said, taking a seat, 'you know what it's all about.'
'I'm not a slut, if that's—'
'No, no, I think it's hot that you're doing this.'
Sarah felt herself blush. 'Oh... thanks.'
'You know, I kinda fancied you back in school,' he said, glancing at her chest, 'I wish I'd had the guts to tell you.'
'Yeah, bit late now,' she laughed.
'I always wondered about your tits. Can I have a little feel?'
'What? No!'
'Aren't you supposed to be open to anyone who wants—'
'I'm not even in the church yet!'
'I'll just have a quick squeeze,' he said, hesitantly reaching towards a breast.
Sarah sighed. 'Fine. I guess it'll be good to work on my submission skills.'
'Holy shit,' he said, gently squeezing the tip of her breast beneath the satin fabric, 'this is hot.'
Sarah stared outside and let him have his fun as they pulled out of the station.
'They're bigger than I remember,' he observed, giving the other one some attention.
'I guess I got fat.'
He laughed and casually shifted the soft fabric up to expose her nipples. 'Woah, look at them.'
'You're so cheeky!' she said, both irritated and amused.
He tugged at her nipples, watching with delight as they hardened, and she adopted a dignified, straight-backed posture to confirm her submission. An elderly couple nearby regarded her with open disgust, and she considered asking him to stop, but she decided that she needed to get used to such displays of hostility; it was an opportunity to develop her resilience.
'That looks like fun,' said an older man, approaching with a hungry look in his eyes. 'Mind if I join in?'
'Be my guest,' said Nathan, letting the stranger lean in for a grope.
'Erm, do I have no say in this?' said Sarah, her resolve faltering. She wanted to show that she was capable of being an exemplary novice of the SCoA, but this was starting to get out of hand.
'I'm sorry,' the man laughed, 'do you mind?'
'Well, as long as no one else comes for a go.'
'I'll keep them away,' said the stranger, sharing her soft chest with Nathan.
She sighed and resigned herself to a long session of breast-play. Several men came and went, and she politely consented to their fondling hands, accepting each with greater willingness and a growing sense of pride as she saw the joy she was giving them.
'I'm so sorry, guys,' she said, eventually, 'but do you mind if I do some revision for my interview? You can still play with my boobs, but I'll just be looking at my phone.'
'Fine with me,' said Nathan, glancing at the man he was currently sharing her with.
'Sure,' the stranger grunted.
'Thank you,' she said, accessing the SCoA website and leaving her breasts in the custody of her enjoyers.
It was difficult to concentrate while her chest was being palpated and her nipples tweaked, but she didn't complain. It became a real effort to maintain her erect posture, and she had to resist an urge to slouch and make herself comfortable. She had intended to brush up on her knowledge during the two-hour journey, but she ended up staring unseeingly at her phone, scrolling now and then to appear busy.
She hid her relief as she finally approached her stop. Her breasts were a little sore, but she had chosen not to deprive the constant stream of excited men of their pleasure. Word had apparently spread along the train, and people had gravitated to her for their share of the fun. Nathan had kindly moved aside to make space for them, and he even helped coordinate the queue, keeping it flowing and making sure that no one was too greedy. it occurred to her that she had not gone one minute without at least one hand on her.
'Sorry guys,' she said, 'I'm getting off here. I hope you enjoyed me.'
There was a groan from the few blokes yet to have their turn.
'Come have a really quick feel,' Nathan said to them, placing a firm hand on Sarah's shoulder as she made to rise from her seat. 'Just a few seconds each.' He grabbed her wrists and pulled them over her head, ensuring her compliance. 'I'm sure we can get all of you through.'
'It'll have to be really quick,' she said as another guy hastily grabbed a nipple.
As the doors opened, Nathan finally let her go, and she had to squeeze past the horny gathering and rush down the aisle, her exposed breasts bouncing frantically. The doors closed on her as she threw herself at the platform, reopening when they detected the obstruction. She took a deep sigh of relief and tried to slow her pounding heart.
'That was close,' Nathan laughed.
She spun on her heel. 'You didn't say you were getting off here!'
'Yeah, you didn't ask,' he said, helping himself to a last squeeze of her breasts before pulling the silky fabric down to cover her swollen nipples.
'What're you doing here?'
'Work! I have to get going. Good luck with your interview!'
'Thank you! Have a nice day,' she said, letting him go ahead to avoid an awkward prolongation of their meeting.
She ignored the lecherous gazes as she made her way to the convent, and she silently repeated the names of notable convent masters and the dates of important milestones, such as the founding of the SCoA and the first church ritual. She worried that she might have forgotten something, and she regretted the loss of her last-minute revision time.
She followed the map on her phone, looking up only occasionally to cross a road or navigate a busy pavement.
'Hey, you must be looking for the convent!'
Sarah turned to see a pretty young woman with wrists bound behind her back. She wore an identical uniform and an endearing smile.
'I'm Tillie,' the girl continued. 'I'll walk with you if you like?'
'Sure,' said Sarah with a friendly smile. 'You'll take some of the attention away from me.'
'Are you nervous?'
'Yeah, very. I can hardly believe I'm doing this.'
'Don't worry, they make it sound scarier than it really is.'
Sarah smiled politely, not quite believing the kind words. She gestured at Tillie's wrists. 'Is this your Day of Devotion?'
'Sure is!'
'Don't you feel vulnerable walking around town on your own?'
Tillie looked thoughtful. 'Not really. I think we have an understanding with the locals that, if they're nice to us, they get to enjoy us like this every day.'
'So, no one has done anything... silly?'
'No, everyone's lovely to us. Well, you get the odd disapproving look, but that's about it.'
'I dunno, I think I'll still be scared.'
'Don't get me wrong; I'm not a hundred per cent comfortable, but the people here have really come to accept us. We're like a symbol of the town now. It's already a bit of a tradition for the men to very politely ask permission before they touch you.'
As though on cue, a grey-haired man motioned at Tillie to stop and said, 'Excuse, young lady, would you do me the pleasure of allowing me a squeeze?'
'It would be my pleasure, sir,' Tillie recited, smiling warmly and sticking out her chest as the man unzipped her satin jacket and scooped her breasts into his hands.
'Why aren't your friend's wrists tied?' he asked, looking Sarah up and down while he kneaded the soft flesh.
'She hasn't actually joined us yet, sir,' said Tillie. 'Would you like to sample her, too?'
'That would be lovely,' he said, tugging Sarah's zipper before she could say anything.
Sarah followed the other girl's example and pushed her chest into his hand, and Tillie gave her an encouraging smile as he eagerly compared the weight and texture of their delightful assets.
'Thank you, ladies, you may carry on,' he concluded, briefly pulling at their nipples.
'Thank you for enjoying me, sir,' said Tillie as he zipped her jacket back up.
'Thank you for enjoying me, sir,' said Sarah, prompted by a look from Tillie.
'You have a bright future in the church,' he told her, similarly restoring her modesty before cupping her breasts in a gesture of gratitude.
Tillie smiled at Sarah as they continued their walk. 'See, they're nice!'
'I might be late if we have much more of that.'
Tillie laughed. 'We're nearly there.'
In truth, Sarah would almost have been happy to miss her interview. As they drew closer, she became increasingly anxious. The thought of having someone critically appraise her worth was daunting, and she dreaded that she might be told she wasn't beautiful enough. That would be an ego destroying revelation which she imagined would haunt her for the rest of her life.
'What were you doing in town?' asked Sarah.
'Just wandering around, really. On our Day of Devotion, we go to the busy areas and give the public a chance to check us out.'
'So you just walk up and down the high street or something?'
'Yeah, basically. I like to go into the restaurants, too, and offer myself to the diners. They love it. I'll be doing that when I go back out for my evening duties.'
'Doesn't anyone get offended? Surely there are—'
'We're here!'
Sarah was almost overwhelmed by a sudden dread, and she strongly considered walking away. She watched Tillie ascend the steps to the intimidating facade of the old town building, and she tried to formulate a plausible excuse.
'Come on!' said Tillie, looking like she might have waved if it weren't for her restraints.
Overriding her fear, Sarah forced her legs to haul her up to the entrance. Tillie shouldered the door open, and a powerfully built man in a shirt promptly fastened a collar around her neck and tugged the connected leash.
'Good luck,' said Tillie as she was led deeper into the building, and Sarah realised with regret that she hadn't told the girl her name.
Sarah gasped as a similarly built man grasped her throat and opened her jacket.
'Sarah, yes?' he asked, brusquely groping each breast.
'Yes, I... yes, s-sir.'
'Open your mouth.'
She complied, opening wide to let him inspect her teeth. Remembering her manners, she placed her hands at the small of her back, opening herself up for inspection and submitting her body to him. He slipped a couple of fingers into her mouth and studied her gums and tonsils, probing the back of her throat to test her gag reflex. He watched her reaction with keen interest, and she hoped that she was making a good first impression as she maintained her dignified composure even through her convulsions.
She was in a large reception room, and several civilians sat watching, quietly making their own appraisals of her. She wondered if they liked what they saw and if she compared well to the other girls.
'Who founded the church?' he asked, lightly slapping her breasts to judge the wobble. His grip on her throat eased slightly.
'Grand Master Seth, sir.'
'Who is the current Grand Master?'
'Grand Master Jenson, sir.'
He released her throat only to grab the back of her neck and march her across the room, swiftly bending her over the reception desk and throwing her skirt out of the way. The receptionist continued tapping at her keyboard, ignoring her as though nothing noteworthy was occurring.
Sarah arched her back and kept her legs perfectly straight to make herself more visually appealing while the man examined her genitals in a brisk, business-like manner. She felt like a commodity undergoing a quality check as he pulled at her labia and opened her orifices with impatient fingers.
'What would be your main role as a novice?' he asked, exposing her clit for inspection.
'To bring pleasure and joy to my superiors, sir,' she said as he dipped a finger into her moistening passage.
'Who would your superiors be?'
'My master, my supervisors, the members, and all other men when I'm on public display, sir.'
Sarah felt relief and pride as she flawlessly recited every word she had learnt. She felt that she was doing very well so far, and her anxiety began to dissipate.
'Who will you belong to?' he said, briefly exploring her rectum with the dexterous finger.
'Master Vincent, sir.'
He pulled her upright. 'You may close your jacket.'
'Thank you, sir,' she said, fumbling with the zipper as he went to wash his hands.
He returned to her and silently fastened a collar around her neck. She whimpered softly as he pulled it a little tighter than necessary, but she maintained her respectful posture, and he briefly rubbed her breasts as though to say "good girl". He led her by her leash into a corridor, passing the guy -- empty collar in hand -- who had taken Tillie away. Through a window, she glimpsed a room full of girls bouncing on dildos under the watchful eye of yet another shirt-clad man.
'Anal practice,' said her guy.
'Oh, I—'
'Some tourists in there,' he said, nodding at another window through which a few casually dressed individuals could be seen making themselves intimately acquainted with some girls who appeared to be bound to their beds. 'You could be tied up like that in a couple of days. Want to continue?'
Sarah stared into the dormitory for a moment longer. 'Err... yes. Yes, sir.'
'Good girl,' he said, jiggling her soft chest again before leading her into a small room and sitting her on a bench against a wall. 'They will be with you shortly.'
'Thank you, sir,' she said as he secured her leash to a hook behind her head.
He untethered another young woman and ordered her to her feet. Her jacket was open, and her wrists were bound behind her back. Some moisture glinted on her inner thigh, and, as she was led out the door, Sarah noticed some fluids glinting on the bench where she had been sitting.
One tethered girl remained, and she smiled at Sarah when they were left alone.
'He must've meant they'll be withyoushortly,' whispered Sarah.
'Nah, I just got here really early,' said the girl.
'Oh... You don't mind waiting in here like this?'
'I'm hoping my earliness will make a good impression. Don't want to fail again.'
'You failed? At this—'
A door opened and a few men emerged with a girl who was swiftly seated and tethered. Sarah's heart was suddenly racing, and she couldn't bring herself to look up at them, even when they lifted her little jacket and fondled her breasts. Crowding around her, they discussed their opinions of her appearance and bearing, and she tried to appear unaffected by their dispassionate analysis.
'They're very responsive,' the older man told his colleagues as he tugged and pinched her nipples.
'Shapely breasts, too,' said a relatively young man.
'She could work on her posture,' said the third, a heavily bearded individual.
Sarah straightened her back, pushing her chest forward and lifting her chin. She cursed herself for her lapse of etiquette, and she resolved to double her efforts to impress them.
'That's better.'
'Who am I?' the older man demanded.
'Mas-Master Vincent, sir,' replied Sarah. She had started to think that she wasn't going to be required to speak.
'Correct. Address me asMaster.'
'Yes, Master,' she said as he took her leash.
'I'm informed she passed her surprise test with flying colours,' said Master Vincent, leading her into a dimly lit room. It was empty but for a padded table in the centre, over which the single light shone. 'He says she was very eager to please. Very submissive.'
The other two nodded approvingly as the elder directed Sarah to lie on her back on the table.
She wondered how the guy in the shirt could have already relayed that information to them, as they were surely busy with the previous girl. The mental image of Master Vincent standing aside and texting seemed absurd.
'Right, let's get on with it,' said the convent master, letting go of the leash. 'We still have several girls to get through.'
'It's my turn, isn't it?' said the bearded man.
'Yes. I may need a break to recharge after the next one.'
'You're showing your age, sir!'
'Pull your legs tightly against your body.'
It took Sarah a moment to realise that Master Vincent was talking to her. After a moment's hesitation, she complied.
'Hold them wide,' he instructed, giving the other men a gratified smile as her smooth pussy slipped into view. 'Very neat,' he said, sliding a fingertip between her lips. 'A spot of luck for you, Kyle.'
The bearded guy looked smug as he applied some jelly to his semi-erect cock. 'I'd let you have this one, sir, but I know you're tired.'
'A true gentleman,' said Master Vincent with a smirk. He patted Sarah's vulva. 'Right, so, this part of your interview is simply to establish that you can take a penis anally. This is the most fundamental requirement for every noviciate. I'm guessing you've already had anal sex?'
'Yes, Master,' she lied, watching with growing consternation as Kyle's shaft kept on expanding.
She suddenly felt stupid for not finding someone to fuck her in preparation. How hard would it have been? She could have accessed an army of willing volunteers on any dating app. Unfortunately, she had a rather outdated aversion to such services, and she couldn't quite bring herself to participate despite having subscribed to a couple of them.
'This should be no problem for you then. She's all yours, Kyle.'
Sarah struggled with a dilemma. The stiff dick that was about to impale her was significantly larger than any of the toys in her practice set. She needed to admit that she—
She yelped as the thick glans pushed into her.
'Oh, she's tight,' Kyle observed with a frown, letting the underprepared sphincter grip the tip of his cock with urgent tenacity.
Sarah held her breath and squeezed her mouth shut to keep any more outbursts from escaping.
'You haven't had one this big, have you?' said Kyle.
She shook her head, tears welling in her eyes.
'It's probably better if you breathe.'
She couldn't. Her face was frozen in its pained expression, and she dug her fingers into her legs as she resolutely held them open, offering her anus for its reckoning. It felt like it was on fire, but she had to push through it; she had to prove to them that she was worthy of the uniform. She expelled the pent-up air from her lungs and breathed raggedly, gasping with each intake.
'There you go,' he said, clasping a breast as her chest rose and fell.
To her dismay, he began to push it deeper inside, and she whimpered pitifully as it filled her rectum.
'Need me to stop?' he asked, raising an eyebrow.
'No! No, thank you, sir.'
'If you say so,' he said, burying the entire length inside her. He looked at Master Vincent. 'She hasn't trained very effectively.'
'Commendable determination, though,' the elder replied.
Sarah desperately wanted to object; they had provided her with a woefully inadequate training kit. She decided that she must have overlooked a piece of literature explaining that her dildos were merely intended to get her started, and that she should seek the aid of someone with a penis to help develop her further. Still, it seemed unfair of them to spring such a large specimen on a beginner.
'Maybe we should let her ride it?' the younger guy suggested. 'Let her show how much she wants it.'
Master Vincent nodded his approval. 'Yes. Kyle, we'll give her a chance to redeem herself.'
Kyle scooped her into his arms and effortlessly lifted her. She instinctively wrapped her legs around him as he turned and sat on the edge of the table, his solid rod still occupying her bowel. His silly grin suggested that he was pleased with himself.
'Not like you to show off,' said Master Vincent, drily.
'I like to be efficient, sir,' replied Kyle as he lay back.
Sarah had to quickly spread her legs to avoid them being crushed, and she found herself straddling him, impaled and bare-chested, and unsure what to do next. The men watched her expectantly, and Master Vincent made an oscillating hand gesture with an air of impatience.
'Oh, you want me to...' she trailed off, embarrassed by her confusion.
Her breathing was still laboured as she struggled to accustom herself to the brutal intrusion, and her painfully taut anus was begging for more time to adjust, but she knew that she had to work extra hard to impress them after her shaky start. She raised herself a little before gingerly sitting and feeling the shaft reach into her inner depths once again. She repeated the slow process a couple of times, but Kyle pulled at her hips, urging her to enliven her efforts.
Further disheartened, she leaned back over his legs and lifted herself several inches until she felt he might fall out of her, and she swiftly plunged it back inside, gasping as her bottom smacked against his crotch. She only allowed a second to steady herself before repeating, and she tried to establish a rhythm, but she was soon made aware that her assessors were still underwhelmed by her.
'Look, why don't you take these off,' said Master Vincent, unbuckling one of her stilettos, 'and crouch over him.'
'Yes, Master,' she said, feebly, as the younger man removed her other shoe.
Sitting on her man, she awkwardly manoeuvred her legs into position without letting the embedded phallus leave her body. It tormented her innards, applying pressure to the very limits of her rectum, but she wanted to avoid having it force her anus open again. She shifted her weight onto her feet and, ignoring the pleas from her beleaguered sphincter, began to bounce.
Kyle unzipped her tiny jacket and enthusiastically fondled her breasts while the young guy watched her face, apparently amused by her incessant whimpering which raised in pitch as she increased her range of movement.
'Bring him to climax,' said Master Vincent after observing silently for a while, 'and your interview will be concluded.'
'Yes, Master,' Sarah replied, boosting her tempo.
She wondered how many girls he had already ejaculated inside that day, and she prayed that he still had some left to give. Her anus was starting to accept its punishment, and she pushed it to the limit, convinced that she'd need to work him extra hard. She sprang frenetically, willing him to explode inside her, and she occasionally glanced at her interviewers, hoping to detect a hint of approval. Her leash swayed and jumped about as though searching for someone to commandeer it.
She began to worry that her legs were tiring, but when Kyle forcefully gripped her hips, she knew that she was close, and she was inspired to give a final, feverish burst. Her breasts, finally freed from his clutches, jounced wildly as she heroically finished him off.
Kyle gritted his teeth as he pumped his seed into her belly, and Sarah sat, resting her fatigued legs and feeling him throb and twitch inside her bowel. She couldn't wipe the stupid grin off her face as he continued to fill her rectum with burst after burst, and she absently ground her genitals against him while she waited for him to settle. She was immensely relieved to have been able to prove her worth to her assessors; she was sure that she had redeemed herself.
'Hmm. I think she might be convent material after all,' said Master Vincent as Kyle and Sarah calmed their breathing.
The other two nodded their agreement, and Sarah was given permission to dismount. She let the softening cock flop out of her, and, to her surprise, she felt more frustrated than relieved by the sudden emptiness. There was a peculiar sensation as the cool air momentarily penetrated her innards before her tired sphincter closed up, and she made a mental note to have a look at it when she was home.
The younger man waited for her to don her heels before tying her wrists behind her back. She felt the gloopy fluid crawl slowly down her leg, and she knew there was a lot more inside her inundated bowel. Kyle had certainly not been suffering any shortages, and she wryly wondered where it all came from.
'You are to return at the same time tomorrow,' said Master Vincent, taking her leash and leading her into the waiting room. 'You're not to let anyone untie you. This is a special knot, and we'll know if it's been tampered with.'
Sarah exchanged a smile with the girl she had met earlier, and she eyed the empty bench before she was seated and tethered. She was glad to see no trace of bodily fluids, though she knew that she'd be leaving some of Kyle's behind. She felt spurned and strangely jealous when the three men turned their attention to the other girl, opening her jacket and acquainting themselves with her lovely little body.
Someone entered and took her leash, lightly tugging it for her to follow. She remained transfixed by the intimate examination of the other girl's naked chest as she was led into the corridor.
'How did you get on?'
Sarah jerked her head to see that it was Nathan holding her leash. 'What're youdoing?'
'My job,' he laughed.
She stared open-mouthed at him for a few moments. 'Did you know I was going to be on that train?'
'Yes,' he said, giving her breast a cheeky squeeze.
'How?'
'Your mum told me.'
'Why would shedothat?'
'Well, she told Master Vincent when he asked her.'
'Why—'
'He's a big fan ofsurprise tests.'
'Ah... How did I do?'
'Not bad at all. But you left me pretty damn horny.'
'Well, I do apologise.'
'Sarcasm isn't really befitting of a girl of the church.'
'Oh... I—'
Nathan took her to the reception desk. 'Mind if I have a little go?'
'Err, okay,' she said, even as he pushed her to her knees.
Releasing his dick in her face, he let her take it into her mouth and wet the tip. She was more experienced with oral sex, and she knew how to work him. She stimulated the bell with her tongue, livening his senses and making it twitch to life. As it grew, she took more of it inside, shifting from slow and sensual to deep and spirited. She was plunging it into her throat when he grabbed her and lifted her to her feet, bending her over the desk and exposing her genitals.
'Holy fuck, that's a nice pussy,' he said, holding her down by the back of her neck and spreading her labia to reveal the pink flesh within.
'Thank you... sir.'
'Who did you have?'
'What do you—'
'Whose cock did you have for your interview?'
'Oh. Kyle.'
Nathan laughed. 'Shit.'
Sarah felt him press against her sphincter.
'Relax,' he said, applying more pressure.
'Sorry, sir,' she said, dutifully complying.
He slipped inside, smoothly sinking his length into her rectum and quickly establishing an easy tempo. She marvelled at how painlessly her body accepted the new intrusion. Indeed, she felt like it belonged in there, and her bowel was designed to receive such visitors. Nathan's cock was certainly more manageable than Kyle's, but it still filled her up nicely, and she was able to enjoy the sensation of it excitedly burrowing inside her.
Sarah had once again become the entertainment for those waiting in the reception area, and she smiled sweetly for the camera phones as she was repeatedly jerked across the wooden surface. She realised that she was getting a kick out of being put on display for the pleasure of strangers. She was reduced to a mere object whose purpose was to please others; her body was a toy for men to use at their will and discard once satiated. She had never felt so sexy.
Nathan yanked her leash, forcing her to raise her head and bare chest off the desk, and arch her back as he vigorously pummelled her innards. This sent her over the edge, and she let out a high-pitched wailing sound as her anus contracted around its guest. She trembled and spasmed as the waves of euphoria shot through her body, and her juices flowed in bursts from her empty pussy, drenching Nathan's trousers as he reached his own climax.
Sarah couldn't believe what was happening; she had never considered that an anal orgasm was even possible. How had she derived such pleasure from that orifice? It was as though her neglected pussy had been tricked into vicariously enjoying the experience of its neighbouring organs.
As she calmed, she felt the final convulsions of Nathan's solid shaft inside her, adding his contribution to the overflowing melange. Easing his grip, he let her rest her head once more.
Someone started clapping, and a hearty applause spread around the room. Sarah smiled contentedly while Nathan tenderly stroked her back.
'I think we've established that this is the place for you,' he said, a hint of awe in his voice. 'I'll inform Master Vincent of your, err, success.'
'Thank you, sir,' she said, serenely.
He withdrew himself from her flooded passage. 'Shit. I didn't bring a spare pair of trousers.'
Sarah giggled as he concealed his shrinking penis. 'Doesn't that happen all the time, sir?'
He pulled her leash, lifting her off the desk. 'It's not usually so unexpected.'
'I wasn't expecting that, either,' she said, smiling gratefully as he zipped up her satin jacket.
'I hope they give you a place here,' he said, removing her collar and letting her out onto the street. 'I wouldn't mind doing this again. I'll bring a change of clothes.'
Sarah laughed. 'I'd like that.'
Her wrists bound behind her back, she made her way to the train station with a renewed sense of excitement for her future. Her doubts had been washed away, and she knew that she belonged in the SCoA.