As the sun reached its peak in the sky, so did the number of sunbathers on the beach. The plethora of space that was available earlier the day began to fill. Several older couples surrounded Jeff and Mary on 3 sides. With just a small area to their left still vacant.
An hour had passed since the interaction with Eric. Mary had gone to the water to cool off. Meanwhile, Jeff was relaxing enjoying the sights. He was taken by surprise when a small woman came up behind him and called out.
"Excuse me!" Jeff turned to look. "Hi, I'm sorry to bother you, but I was wondering if this area is available?"
Jeff was surprised. Rather than a mid 50-year-old woman like he was anticipating, instead, he laid his eyes upon a woman no older than 25.
"Of course! I'm Jeff, and you are?"
"Amy!" the petite woman responded.
By Jeff's assessment, Amy was 5'1, slightly smaller frame than Mary, but larger breasts, Jeff guessed they were easily a C cup based on how they were spilling out of her bikini top. She had black hair and tattoos along her left arm and sparsely throughout the rest if her body. She wore a large unbuttoned dress shirt cover up with a small black bikini underneath showing off her ample cleavage.
She placed down the large bags she held in each arm and began spreading towels on the smooth white sand. To Jeff's disappointment, Amy didn't immediately undress, so Jeff left her alone to enjoy her privacy, hoping she would lose her clothing in due time.
As Mary approached, she grabbed her towel and dried her dripping face, Jeff noticed Amy stealing glances at his wife's body.
For a moment Amy's eyes met Jeff's, to prevent the awkwardness. Jeff said "This is my wife Mary, Mary this is Amy!"
Jeff was continually surprised by Mary's newfound confidence as she walked over and shook Amy's hand while completely nude.
"It's great to meet you, actually my boyfriend will be joining me shortly too! He was having a hard time finding parking, so he dropped me off to set up our spot."
No more than 2 minutes later, a figure came into view passing the sand dunes and onto the beach, - larger black man, probably 6'2", shaved head and a well-groomed beard, he was shirtless, which revealed his chiseled abdomen and sported a pair of red shorts that fit snugly against his muscular legs.
"Hi honey!" Amy called out to the man.
"So, this must be him," Jeff thought to himself. Jeff immediately felt slightly nervous at the sight of someone who oozed masculinity.
"Hey baby. Wow, the spot looks perfect." the man said in a smooth tone.
"This wonderful couple was nice enough to let us join them!" Amy replied.
Amy turned to Mary and I as we sat on our towels.
"This is Darius!" Amy said with a smile.
Mary hopped to her feet to introduce herself and said "Darius, this is my husband, Jeff!"
"Pleasure to meet you both," Darius said as he walked over. He reached out a hand, to Jeff who hadn't quite fully stood up yet. He gave him a firm hand shake that Jeff wasn't prepared for, his hand felt limp compared to Darius' strong grip. He also was surprised by the sheer size of Darius' hand.
Darius then looks to Mary. Without breaking eye contact with her and full of confidence he said, "Sorry I'm a hugger," and smothered her nude body into his muscular chest.
Mary let out a soft giggle while in the embrace.
Jeff felt his cock twitch at the sight of his naked wife in a hug with a strong muscular black man. She looked tiny compared to him and her pale complexion juxtaposed position his dark black skin.
For the next ten minutes or so, Amy and Darius finished putting their beach equipment together while the couples engaged in various small talk.
Jeff was eagerly awaiting Amy to reveal the breasts barely contained by her top. after a stare that may have been too long, he felt his phone buzz on his towel.
He unlocked his phone and saw a text from Mary. He quickly opened and read:
"Stop staring at her. you look like you're 12 years old."
Three ellipses appeared to indicate she was typing.
A new message popped up.
"If you make her uncomfortable. she'll never get naked. I know what you want to see..winky face"
Jeff looked at Mary, she gave him a smile and a wink.
Jeff, knowing full well Mary knew he found Amy attractive, decided to push Mary to see how turned on she was.
"I'm sure Darius has something tucked away you'd love to see," he messaged her.
"OMG STOP, when he hugged me, I felt... IT" she replied
"and?" Jeff responded
"Let's just say there's a lot going in down there."
"Wow, seems like hung men are just gravitating towards you today."
Mary sent an emoji rolling her eyes.
After a short while, and to Mary and Jeff's pleasure, the couple beside them began to strip. Amy pulled her top overhead and her large full breasts dropped into view. She was in conversation with Darius and turned towards him as she stood to removed her bottoms. This gave Jeff unobstructed view of her ass as she hooked her fingers around her waist and peeled off her bottoms. To Jeff's surprise a small sparkling object could be seen between her ass-cheeks. But as soon as it came into view, it was gone and Amy had returned to a seated position to apply sunscreen.
It was now Mary's turn to enjoy a view. Darius stood up facing Amy, giving Mary a full front view. he loosened the drawstring and pulled his shorts down and his massive member came into view. Jeff could see Mary's eyes staring through her sunglasses while she attempted to make it look like she was looking towards the beach.
The couples didn't interact for the next half an hour while they quietly enjoyed their own partner's company.
After a while Jeff reached into the cooler, cracked open a seltzer and took a sip.
"Oh man that sounds so good right now!" Darius said looking over his shoulder at Jeff's beverage. "We only brought beer, but it's just too warm for it."
"You're more than welcome to grab some! we brought more than enough!" Jeff replied.
"Don't have to ask me twice," Darius said as he hopped to his feet and walked over to the cooler beside Mary, as he stood over the cooler his cock swung less than a foot from Mary's face. Mary, leaning over to help open the cooler brought her face even closer to his big black cock.
Mary in her cheerful tone said "Geez, you've got to be careful where you swing that thing or you'll take someone's eye out"
"Shut uppppp, it's not that big" Darius playfully quipped back. as he said it, he instinctively reached down and gave his large cock a tug.
Mary looked to Jeff, "Honey, I love you," then returned her gaze to Darius cock and then back to his eyes. "Jeff's cock is right there and its nowhere near as big as yours, don't tell me it 'isn't that big'" she said in a mocking voice.
Jeff watched in awe with the frankness Mary was having such a sexual conversation with a complete stranger.
Mary then turned to Amy, "Okay Amy, be honest with me because I'm genuinely curious, you can't possibly fit that thing inside you... right?"
Amy let a sly grin slip from her mouth. "Wellll" she began. "I know I'm a small girl and all, but you'd be surprised at how well a woman's body can learn to '-adapt'."
"Adapt?" Mary asked quizzically.
"After a while your body learns to... sort of 'open up', I can actually take all of him now quite easily" Amy said in a confident tone showing she saw it as a feat.
"No effing way", Mary responded.
Jeff already knew in his mind what Amy was about to say.
"I'm positive you could adjust to his size in a few weeks, and let me tell you, there's nothing quite like it." As she spoke Amy's eyes looked up emphasizing how heavenly the experience is.
"I honestly would have a hard time going back to anything I thought was normal before. It just hits so deep and places you never thought existed."
Jeff could tell by her mannerisms that Mary was genuinely intrigued by the conversation, and also turned on.
"There's no way THAT could feel good!"
"Well, it definitely wasn't easy at first, when we began dating it took a lot of time.... and lube" Amy giggled.
"We just had to take it VERY slowly, but after a well your body adjusts to it. We don't need nearly as much foreplay as we used to." Amy said as she looked over to Darius and gave him a wink.
Jeff wanted to see how far Mary would go with the conversation. s
So, he decided to interject and play into her competitive nature.
"I don't know honey, I don't think you could handle something like that, you say I'm too big for you sometimes" Jeff said.
Jeff knew he got the reaction because of the immediate look of disagreement on her face.
"Now hang on a second," Mary quipped back.
Jeff immediately knew she took the bait.
"I was just saying I couldn't imagine something that big entirely going into me, I'm sure I good take a substantial amount though."
Jeff was surprised how frank Mary was with speaking about another mans cock. Mary was very vanilla and Jeff was her only partner. They'd play with dildos on occasion but they weren't anything crazy. This was a new side of Mary he had never seen.
Amy continued "Believe me girl, you def won't be able to handle all of him at first, but Darius is also the master at getting your body to open up. And you'd be able to take all of him in no time.
Jeff couldn't believe how the conversation had shifted from large cocks in general to now Amy discussing with Mary how she would take Darius' manhood.
Darius, still standing next to Mary interjected, "Hey now, the grass isn't always greener, Amy never gives blowjobs because her jaw gets sore way to fast."
Mary then leaned forward, underneath Darius swollen cock and looked up to see his girth, "Jesus you are thick, I can't believe it's real, you'd need two mouths to give that thing a proper blow job."
The way Mary was positioned was the same if Darius was to give her a facial. After the words left her mouth, Jeff knew all four of them were thinking the same thing... Mary and Amy giving Darius a double blowjob.
"Okay, this may sound weird, but would you mind if I took a picture with your cock?" Mary asked coyly.
"Not at all," Darius said with a smile..."better yet, Jeff get over here, she can get a picture with both of us."
Jeff hopped up and walked over beside Darius. Mary crawled in between them and handed Amy her phone for the photo. Mary had her hands on her hips with a big smile and a cock at eye height on each side of her.
Amy, took several pictures and then said "c'mon Mary have some fun, hold one in each hand so you can see the difference"
Without hesitation, Mary's moved her hand palm up underneath Darius cock and raised it with her arm. Her delicate fingers lightly grasped his veiny cock. Her fingers barely encircling half of his semi-aroused cock.
Jeff was stunned.
As Amy took several more photos, Jeff couldn't help but notice the small inadvertent movements of Mary's hand holding Darius' cock, causing her to lightly stroke it.
After several more seconds, that felt like an eternity to Jeff, Amy lowered the phone. "That was so much fun!" Mary said as she released both cocks. "I feel so naughty! but also kind of hot!"
.......
To be continued.