What a night I had in Liverpool. I just bought this short black sequenced dress that was very enticing; at least that is what Dirk told me. I had no bra under it but was wearing white stockings and my black fuck me shoes. Whenever I went into a pub, it was like everyone turned to look at me or it felt that way. I would sit on a bar stool and cross my legs, hoping a guy would come over to shag me. While I scanned the pub looking for potential lovers, my pussy became very juicy anticipating a hard cock being buried in me. It took a while, but eventually one or two guys would come over and Dirk would farm me out for a price. Soon I was in a privy or a back room having sex. By the time we hit the fourth pub, I already had 7 guys sticking their hard throbbing boners into my wanting body. I also had many orgasms while enjoying the horny blokes, putting me in a state of pure ecstasy desiring more. It was like being in a fantastic wet dream with lots of hunks wanting me. I've never felt so popular and was having so much fun flirting. But this new pub woke me up from my sexual fantasy.
The owner kicked us out yelling, "You can't pimp your whore in here. Get the fuck out before I call a bobby!"
Dirk said something angrily back that didn't make sense to me. Even though I knew, I didn't want to acknowledge what I was really doing. But that moment made me realize that I was just a horny girl fucking for money and I didn't care what they looked like. The funny thing was that as soon as I became totally aware of my behavior, I just brushed it aside. I had to tell myself that there was nothing I could do about being a strumpet except embrace and enjoy what I was doing. And I was surely getting loads of pleasure from my fun.
Once outside, I held onto Dirk's arm and sensually said, "Where to next? I'm sure the next pub will have some nice guys for me to have fun with. I'm still so very horny!"
He started to laugh and before he could to say something to me, an ugly very fat guy with a beard hurried out, caught us and shouted, "Wait bloke; how much to shag your lovely old-lady?"
We stopped and turned around as Dirk quickly answered, "300 quid!"
The guy laughed and replied, "I have only a hundred quid on me."
Dirk looked at me. I shook my head no and whispered, "Please not him."
Instead he gave me an evil sneer and answered, "Okay you got 15 minutes to get your wanker off, starting now."
The guy threw the money at Dirk, took my hand, and dragged me into an alley. We were only a few steps from the street. He smiled and told me that I was very pretty, took the straps down off my arms and pulled the top off my boobs. Lowering his head into them he began to suck and bite my nipples. In a moment he finished, pushed me against the wall and began to kiss me.
I stopped him and cried, "No kissing big boy. Just fuck me and get it over with."
I guess that pissed him off or something like that. He instantly turned me to face the wall and mumbled something about getting his whole fifteen minutes worth. Lifting my skirt up over my ass, he pulled my hips back toward him, forcing me to slide down the wall. I put my hands out for balance and he pulled me farther toward him. I heard him unzipping his pants. Reaching under me, he began roughly yanking on my boobs.
As he did he whispered, "Bitch, you're one hot looking tart. It's been almost six months since I had such a fit hussy and I'm going to enjoy sticking you. Damn you are fucking gorgeous and your tits are fucking firm. Let's see if your fucking cunt is as enticing."
With my skirt over my ass, he saw that I wasn't wearing any knickers. He mumbled something else that I don't recall, as his fingers began mauling my vagina. He told me that I was very wet. I guess I still was. Then he pushed his bare cock into me.
"Damn you are very tight for a fucking whore. It doesn't feel like you had many blokes tonight. I'm really going to enjoy fucking a hot trollop like you." He nastily said.
I wanted this over with as quickly as possible. So as I pushed back and forth on his cock, I began to moan over and over again, "Oh god you feel so good. Oh Yes! Fuck me! Oh Yes! Make me cum. Yes! Yes!"
As he was plowing speedily in and out of me, I heard footsteps. I looked over and it was Dirk smoking one of his smelly cigars, while watching this guy plundered my pussy. He didn't say anything. The guy held my hips while pumping me faster and faster. Then Dirk said something about five minutes or it will cost him another 50. The guy began to really shag me harder. Suddenly he grunted, slowed down, and pushed himself deep inside me. I could feel him squirting his spunk into my well used hole. With each squirt he would pull me tighter against him. When finished, he held me in that position until he started to shrink. Then he fell out.
As I stood up from his ravishing, his spunk began leaking out of me down my legs. I keep my legs open, bent forward and pushed the rest out, which landed on the ground making a puddle under me. As the Dirk watched me, I heard chuckles from other guys that were walking by.
Then the fat guy said, "Dude, she's a real nice fuck. I really needed to blow that load. And damn what a hot tight cunt your slag has."
As they watched his spunk dripping out of me, Dirk laughed and said, "I guess you had a lot saved up. Look, she's still pushing it out."
The guys chuckled together and he answered, "Fuck yeah! It's been a very long time from fucking a slag. I've been locked away. She's exactly what I needed. Are you going to be around tomorrow? I could use another fuck.
Dirk laughed and answered, "Probably not. We have another town to visit tomorrow night."
Then the guy asked, "Well then tell me, what's her story? I can't believe someone attractive and with such a fit body is out here fucking for a 100 quid. She seemed to enjoy being humiliated as some sort of harlot too. What gives?"
Dirk became serious and irately answered, "Look bloke! It's none of your damn business. You shagged her and she loved it. Leave it at that."
After I stood up, the guy looked at me and thanked me, then quickly walked away. I asked Dirk if we could go back to the hotel now. He smiled, took my hand, turned me to look at three other blokes who watched me getting it and said, "Do any of you guys want to shag my old-lady too?"
One guy asked how much and Dirk answered a 100 quid. He took him up on it and I was again leaning against the back wall with this guy holding my hips and fucking me. Then the next guy took his 15 minute turn and the third. When they finished, I pulled up my top and placed the straps over my shoulders. With their spunk dripping down my legs, Dirk told me that I was great tonight. Afterwards, I held his arm tightly, laid my head on his shoulder, and slowly walked back to the hotel. I was thankful for not taking me to another pub. That's when I realized that I had changed into a cheap strumpet, exactly what he wanted me to become.
After Liverpool, my sexual depravity was now in full swing. I no longer cared about who or where I was being shagged. I just wanted it all the time. I was no longer the innocent Lady when I flew into London. In fact I was the complete opposite. I finally embraced my role as a street harlot. Even while doing tourist stuff during the day, I would look at guys and flirt. When a guy flirted back, I would tell Dirk that I wanted him and he would negotiate a price. Then we would find a place for him to shag me, but most of the time we went to a privy. At night I couldn't wait to dress in my strumpet outfits. It didn't matter where Dirk took me or whom I would enjoy shagging. I just accepted who I have become. Also I wasn't happy with shagging just one or two guys any more. I needed to shag at least four guys every night to be content and completely satisfied. I really can't explain it now, but for some reason I needed to quench my appetite as harlot. I had become the strumpet that Dirk said I was, after I went dogging.
The next day we drove up to the Lake District and took a boat tour on Lake Windermere. It was cold that day so Dirk allowed me to wear pants, a blouse with no bra, and a jacket. It was on the boat that we met two blokes from Scotland out for a day. We became buds and toured the stops with them. It was at one of stops and while we were eating lunch, that Danny asked if Dirk was my boyfriend. I guess the flirting got to him. I laughed and said no he wasn't. Dirk chimed in and asked them if they liked what they saw. He had me unzip my jacket which gave them both a nice view of my breast from under the sheer blouse. It took them by surprise, but in unison Danny and Clyde said they did. Well one thing led to another and after the boat ride, we were back at their two bedrooms rented cottage.
I was sitting on a couch as Dirk and Danny were outside smoking. Clyde was sitting next to me and chatting about his life. I was so turned on and horny from flirting all day. I got real close to him, put my hand on his crouch and kissed him. We didn't stop kissing, as I felt his cock beginning to enlarge. When we finally stopped, Dirk and Danny was behind us.
Danny blurted, "Well I guess Clyde couldn't wait for an okay from you. If you two stay the night, I'll agree to your fee, but it has to be all night. I don't think I could get enough of Kathryn in just a few hours."
Dirk smiled and agreed to the terms. I looked up at him smiled and said, "Oh we are going to have so much fun. Thank you for letting us stay the night. But I have to go and prepare myself, if we are doing what I hoped we're going to be doing."
As I started to get up, Clyde grabbed me for another kiss. I told Danny that I needed a shower first. He took may hand and slowly walking me toward the bathroom. As he did, he told me how beautiful I was, patted my ass I went in. By this time Dirk had our bags in and he gave me my beauty case, which contained my enema stuff. An hour later I came out squeaky clean and ready for fun.
I walked out bare foot wearing just sheer black lingerie with a black thong barely covering anything. The guys took one look at me and their jaws dropped. With lusty smiles I could tell they wanted me. I love that look a guy gives when he's horny for me. I know in his mind he is thinking of what it would be like to fuck me. In a moment these two nice lads are going to find out.
"Okay guys, I'm all ready for some nice long loving!" I sensually said. "So who wants to be first or would you like to make love to me together?"
They looked at each other and without a word I took both their hands and said, "Come on guys. Don't be shy. I would love to feel both of you in me at once."
They chuckled and we went into one of the bedrooms leaving Dirk by himself. Once inside the room I sat on the edge of the bed, opened my legs and smiled at them. They quickly undressed.
When they were naked Clyde said, "Ah Kathryn. We have a confession to make."
I smiled and kidding asked, "Okay what is it. Wait, let me guess. You really don't like women!" I laughed afterwards knowing that wasn't the case.
Danny looked like I discovered the truth and answered, "Well I don't know how to say this but we are somewhat gay. But from time to time we love sex with women too; especially a woman as beautiful as you."
I giggled and replied, "I thought so guys. That was why I flirted with you guys so much during the day. But if you are gay let's see you two suck on each others cocks."
They asked if I was kidding and I said I wasn't. So Clyde knelt down and began sucking on Danny's hardening cock. Then I had them trade places all the while I was rubbing my pussy. Soon they were rock hard. I got up, took each hard cock in my hand and pulled them toward the bed. They both flopped down on their backs.
Standing I front of them; I took off my thong and sensually said, "Such nice hard cocks you guys have. I think I'll do Clyde first and save your big cock Danny until later."
Danny's cock was at least 9" of thick throbbing manhood, while Clyde's was only 6". Jumping on the bed I straddled Clyde and guide his wanker into me. Slowly I sat down on his fun rod. When I gobbled it all up in me, I began grinding on it. It felt great and I moaned in pleasure. Clyde even reached for my boobs that were dangling in his face from under the lace material. As I was enjoying him, I suddenly felt fingers rimming my ass hole. I turned around and asked what he was doing.
Laughing Danny said, "Well, I'm going to fuck that beautiful arse you have Kathryn. I can't help myself. It's so inviting while Clyde is in your cunt."
Then I felt him trying to stick that huge thing in me. Slowly at first but eventually he pushed it all the way in. I yelped for him to stop a few times but he didn't. After a minute of just not moving in me, he began to pull out and then back in.
"Oh god it hurts. Not too hard Danny. Oh please not too hard." I cried a few times.
I couldn't move as Danny began his ravishing and then Clyde said, "Now you know how I feel with him."
After some time I became used to his big thing in me and Clyde even began moving again. Danny pulled out, while Clyde pushed in. They eventually got a great rhythm up and I was now moaning in exhilarating pleasure. I even came a few times.
This went on for what seemed along time with me crying, "Oh god that feels so good. Oh Yes! Oh Yes! Fuck me guys! I want to be fucked hard! Yes! That's it!" I loved every minute of it.
Eventually Danny began shooting a huge load of spunk inside my wide open arse. When he pulled out, I felt so much better and concentrated on Clyde. I could now move up and down on him again. He too squirted and shrunk out of me. We all just laid there enjoying our ecstasy quietly for some time.
Danny finally said, "Kathryn, you are a great fuck. Most women can't take my big schlong and why I love guys better. But you took every inch and moaned in pleasure from it. That makes you a very special girl."
I giggled and answered, "Oh it did hurt Danny until I go used to it. Then it was very pleasurable. But I'm going to hurt tomorrow." We all laughed.
Danny went out to the kitchen and brought back a bottle of unopened champagne. Carry three glasses he said, "I was going to save this for tomorrow night because it's Clyde and ours 5 year anniversary. But Kathryn, you are extraordinary kind of Lady and it will be a great honor to share our celebration with you."
Clyde chimed in, "Here, here Danny! I totally agree."
So we drank the bubbly and chatted for over an hour. Then it was my turn to suck them hard and they traded places with me on Danny and Clyde doing my arse. After I got each of them to blow their loads again, we crashed exhausted. I guess we slept until the sun peeked through the curtains. Then as Clyde slept, Danny took me to the other bedroom and shagged both of my holes again. Afterwards, I turned and saw Dirk drinking tea and asking if I was done yet because we had to get going. It took over an hour to clean up and get dress. When we left the guys told me that I was the best and hopefully if I make it to Edinburgh to look them up. Well I didn't know if we were going there, so I said I would if we got that far. Dirk just sneered and we left.
On our way to Carlisle Castle we talked about going to Edinburgh. Dirk told me that I had other obligations to perform. I was sad about that. Once we got to Carlisle, we drove into town, which was about three blocks on the other side of the highway away from the Castle. We checked into the Crown Mitre hotel in the downtown square near a museum. It was cold and raining so I changed into my lime green pants, sheer blouse without a bra and my pink jacket over it. I took my umbrella as we walked to the Castle going in a tunnel under a busy highway.
Once inside, I was in awe over this castle. I read all of the history as we meandered around. Inside the audience room with a large green tapestry on the back wall was a huge chair. I'm guessing where royalty presided over events. In front of that was a long table, I'm guessing where food was served. I jumped up on the table, sat on the edge and pretended that I was being ravished by someone. Dirk looked at me like I was crazy. When we left, I saw a military museum outside the castle with what looked like barracks. I cute guy dressed in a uniform walked by and said hi. I smiled but he was stopped by Dirk. They chatted a few minutes, turned and looked back at me with a lusty grin. I asked Dirk what that was about and he just answered it was nothing. Afterwards we went back in town.
The town was great with little shops, pubs, restaurants and lots of shopping. I was in heaven until evening. Then he had me take shower, enema, and shave everything. I dressed in my black short flowing skirt, white stockings, sheer top without a bra, but since it was cold I was allowed to wear my black jacket. I figured we were going pub hopping again. We did for dinner and drinks and I shagged two guys in the privy. When he looked at his watch, he told me that I had an engagement the rest of the night.
Off we went walking toward the castle. As we went through the tunnel, there were three blokes smoking. They saw us and said something degrading about me that I don't remember. Once we arrived at the castle, there was a guard at the locked gate. Dirk said something to him and he let us in.
The guard took his hand radio and said, "She's here." A person on the other side answered back,
"Okay keep her there for a few minutes. We're almost ready."
I tuned to Dirk and asked what was going on. He chuckled and answered, "Well Kat, some of the guys saw you at the castle today and wanted to know how much to shag you. So I said 2000 quid for as long as they wanted."
Oh my god and another gang bang. How many guys this time I wondered. But when two, young, cute, hunky guys showed up to get me; I become extremely excited. I was going to be shagged by who knows how many young horny men. Now I couldn't wait. How often does a thirty something woman gets to have so many young studs paying so much to shag me. I was now becoming very amorous and happily took their arms as they guided me into the castle.
They took me to the room where I earlier pretended that I was being fucked on a long table. I guess I had a premonition. The only light in the room came from the three windows and all I could make out were lots of guys standing or sitting on the table looking at me. I could hear them squabble about what I looked like. Suddenly, some guys turned on flash lights all pointed at me. They told me to take my jacket off. It was chilly so I complained, but one guy told me I would get nice and hot in a minute.
I slowly unbuttoned my blouse teasing them as I did. I kept stripping off the rest of my clothes except I kept my stockings and shoes on. After I was naked, the lights were pointed at my pussy.
I heard someone say, "Damn Mike! You found a very attractive strumpet this time. I can't wait to shag her hot little body."
Others commented, "Look how fit she is. What a great set of tits and that lovely bare cunt. Yeah I can't wait either."
Afterwards, two guys came over and lifted me onto the table covered with a blanket. I guessed this is where I was going to get it and I couldn't wait. I really wanted them to fuck me in the worst way. I was very wet in anticipation of being the object of their big throbbing young cocks. Suddenly their comments went from accolades to derogatory slang describing what they were going to do to me. Then it started.
I was pushed on my back width way across the table. My head hung over the edge and two guys slapped my face with their cocks. I was told to open my mouth and began sucking on them. As I did, I felt fingers on my pussy spreading my lips apart. Their comments about being already wet stuck in my head. Then I felt the first guy push up my legs and begin playing with my arse hole.
I guy yelled, "Here's the plug Sarge. Stick it in her."
I felt a plastic dildo going into my ass with Sarge saying, "Your man said you would do anything for us. We're just getting that cute arse all ready for round two." Then he laughed as well as some other guys.
When he finished pushing the anal plug into me, he began fingering my pussy. It felt wonderful with something in my ass and his fingers in my pussy. Then he asked for a condom and I felt him pushing his hard cock into my pulsating pud of wetness. I began moaning with pleasurable sighs as he pushed into me. I even stop sucking and sat up to look at him pumping in and out of me.
With the flash lights strictly just on me I had a hard time seeing the guy who was fucking me, although I could tell that there were lots of guys waiting for their turn. Some guy pulled my head back down and I started sucking on cock again. Eventually the Sarge pulled out of me.
"Push her up to me," he yelled. "I got a huge load for her to drink up."
The guys pushed me to sit up. The Sarge pulled off his condom and I grabbed his throbbing cock. Opening my mouth, he began spewing his spunk. Trying to make it in my mouth but missing most of it, he unloaded the goo across my face. As he was finishing his many squirts of goo, I felt another young hunk jumping up on the table and began his plunder of my wet slit with his wanker. I began moving and moaning with his thrusting.
As I did he blurted, "What a tight hole this slag has. Dam she's feels really hot and seems to really like getting it."
Then another guy yelled, "Hurry up and shag the whore. I'm already to go. I want to shag her before Rodney ruins her cunt. "
As I was enjoying his smaller cock, Sarge whispered, "You be a good willing little strumpet and we'll be gentle. Otherwise we'll have to hold you down. Also sexy, I don't want to surprise you. Here's what going to happen gorgeous. All of us are going to have a turn to completion before we start on your arse. Then everyone who wants your arse will have a turn. After that, anyone who wants thirds or fourths and even fifths will shag you until we are all spent. So get comfortable. You're going to be here for a long time."
Oh my god! He said I was gorgeous. So in between my moans of pleasure, I sat up on my arms and sighed, "Yes! Oh Yes! I want it so bad. I'll do whatever you want. Just let me have my orgasms too."
Sarge laughed as well as many others who heard my cry. One guy answered, "Don't worry babe, we'll make sure you have your orgasms." There was more laughter by the group.
Since I couldn't see who or how many guys were there to fuck me, I decided to start counting every time a guy came. It was after the tenth guy squirted on me or in my mouth, that I heard from a big black guy named Rodney whom I was sucking on.
"Okay beautiful it's my turn to shag that hot cunt of yours. I hope you are ready for me."
I was only sucking on his head, so how big he really was I had no idea. Then he walked over to my legs and pulled me toward him. My butt was at the edge of the table as he pushed my legs wide apart. He looked at me for a minute and told a guy to shine a light on my body.
Then he said with an African accent, "You have such an attractive fit little body. Nice tits, small waist and such a flat stomach. I love how it looks with spunk shinning on it. But being such a little thing, I don't know gorgeous if you can handle my big Willy." He laughed, "But we're going to give it a huge try." More chuckling, "Just relax and enjoy Willy. I know he's going to enjoy shagging you."
I sat up to watch him putting that monster 14" black thing into my soaked pussy. I moaned for him to go slow. He did until he got it half way in me then he pulled out and began to slowly fuck me. It felt great and I began to enjoy his plundering. I lay back down and moaned with pleasure that his fucking was creating. I was building up to another wonderful orgasm. But my enjoyment was short lived. After some time, he began to push deeper into me.
As he did I cried, "Oh god, you're hurting me. Oh my god. Please no!" I immediately sat up and placed my hands on his pelvic to stop him from going deeper in me.
He chuckled and answered, "Just relax gorgeous. You may not be built for my large Willy, but I love shagging that hot little body of yours. I have to go balls deep in it" He laughed as well as the other guys as he said, "Just take it like the good little whore you are."
He slapped my hands off his pelvic. Taking my legs, he pushed them wide and up my body. With one hard thrust he impelled his huge thing all the way in me. I screamed in agony and he pulled half way out. Every time he went all the way in me I yelped in pain, but that didn't stop him. He just kept telling me to relax, as he continued his ramming.
I kept trying to close my legs and stop his deep penetration with my hands. So he had two guys take one leg each and spread them wide a part. He took my hands, placed them over my head and leaned over me. I couldn't move, as he speedily pumped as deep as he could go into my wide open hole. As he did, he whispered for me to relax and move my hips. He had the guys stop holding my legs and I slowly moved my pelvic. It was at this point that I stop fighting, began to relax, and enjoyed his massive cock in me. I even screamed that I was cuming a few times. When I did that, he chuckled and told me that he knew I would eventually love Willy. I really didn't love his massive cock, but I thought it would help him cum quicker. He began grunting and fucking me faster. After a few more minutes, he pulled all the way out of me. Placing his cock just above my pussy, and began shooting many squirts of spunk on my stomach with some splattering to my breast. Thankfully he was finally done.
My pussy still felt like Willy was still in me, as I was taken off the table and had a short break. After that sex session, I really needed one. As I stood leaning back against the table, his spunk began to slowly run down my body. Guys were chuckling watching that happen. I took my hands and laughing rubbed it into my flesh. I was given a beer to drink, I guess to wash down all of the spunk I had earlier swallowed.
The Rodney came next to me and put his arm around me. "You were a great fuck gorgeous. You took Willy like a bitch in heat. Most whores would have begged me to stop. But instead you fucked me like the pro you are. I can't wait for another round with you and maybe do your arse too." he said nicely said.
I just smiled and didn't say anything back, but thought about how much it would hurt with him in my ass.
After I drank a beer, they positioned me standing next to the table. Then I was pushed down to where my breasts were plastered on the table. One guy pulled my legs wide apart and another took out the anal plug. Then the Sarge put on another condom and began sticking that huge thing into my already expanded ass opening. Soon I was being ravished over and over again with guys taking turns in my ass. I only counted 7 guys spewing their loads inside my ass and luckily the Rodney wasn't one of them. In fact I learned later that Sarge made him leave. When they all spewed their spunk in me, Sarge pushed the anal plug back in me.
"There you go Kat. Seven loads of spunk in your ass and it will stay there until you get back to your hotel." He said with a chuckle.
After another slight break and as we were getting started again, some guy turned a bright light on all of us and yelled, "What the hell is going on in here? Who's that girl? You blokes are in big trouble."
He got closer to me and said, "Are you alright Miss. Did these blokes rape you?"
I looked up at this old guy slowly walking toward us with a flash light shining on everyone. The group was yelling that I wasn't being raped but was just some whore that they paid to fuck.
He kind of ignored their pleas until the Sarge said, "Winston my man. She's was paid 2000 quid to get shagged tonight. So everything is okay. Just ask her."
Well I guess thinking back about it, I could have said he was lying and I was being raped, but instead I just acknowledged that he was telling the truth. That was dumb on my part. I could have been done for the evening. After a long discussion, Sarge talked Winston into fucking me too.
I took Winston's hands and led him to the table. Then I had him get up on it and I went to straddle over him. After I unzipped his pants this hard huge cock was staring at me. Reaching it, I slowly sat down on his huge thing. Guys kept saying that Winston's cock was bigger than they expected, but it felt really good in me. It was a nice change from that huge black thing I had. So I moved back and forth, and up and down while he played with my boobs.
As he did I moaned, "Oh yes Winston. I love my breast played with and finally a guy who likes my boobs. Oh yes! You feel great. Oh! Oh!" It didn't take long until Winston blew a big load of cum in me.
When he finished, I got off and was dragged off the table to the cold floor. They threw a blanket on it and soon the attack continued with me being fucked in a variety of positions. Winston even stood and watched my debauchery. My many orgasms also continued throughout the night, until they all had spewed many more loads of yummy cum in and all over me. I was finally done I'm guessing around 2 am because someone told Sarge about the barrack check at 2:30.
As the guys were dressing, I asked where to clean up. Sarge threw me his t-shirt and told me to use that. I wiped my face and body the best I could. My thong panties were kept by them as a souvenir. Then I was taken to the entrance of the castle. I looked for Dirk, but couldn't find him. So I decide to walk back alone.
I started sauntering to the tunnel very slowly. My body ached but in a good way. I still felt like I had a cock in my arse, but giggled remembering it was just the anal plug still in me. It was dark and only one light in the middle of the tunnel. I was nervous but figured it was okay. I couldn't see the other side of the tunnel as I began walking toward it, but did smell cigarette smoke. Just before I got out, I saw some figures standing there.
Oh my god, there were three blokes smoking cigs and watching me getting closer to them. I tried not to look at them. When I nervously walked by them, one guy grabbed my arm pulled me closer to him.
"What do we have here?" He nastily asked.
Being now surrounded by all three one said, "It looks like we have a strumpet on her way home. I can smell the sex still on her."
The last guy said, "Well strumpet, and are you on the way home from whoring at the barracks? All we want is the fucking money you made; so give to us and you can go!"
I yelled, "Leave me alone or I'll scream. I have no money."
I felt a hand going over my mouth and the first guy saying, "If you scream, we'll have to hurt you. All we want is the fucking money."
Another guy chimed in, "You're being such a difficult whore. For that we all will have to shag you first then take the money. It won't be right not to do what the others payed for."
He pushed me back against the concert wall, unzipped my jacket and pulled my blouse apart tearing off the buttons. Then he pushed the material off my breast and said, "Look at the whores tits. Very nice! I bet you made lots of money showing those tits around. I can still smell the spunk the guys left on you."
The other two came over to look at me and started to roughly grope them. My skirt was then pulled up showing them my nakedness. I became scared and tried to scream but again was told to shut up or I would get hurt. They turned me around to face the wall.
As I leaned my face sideways on the wall, a guy pulled out the anal plug. When he did, the spunk began leaking out of me and running down over my pussy dripping on the ground. I heard them laughing and say stuff like I must had a many blokes. One guy pulled my skirt down and wiped the spunk from over my pussy. When he took my hips toward him, I pulled back.
"Don't fight it bitch or we'll have to hurt you." He barked again.
I was pulled back and I felt either his fingers or cock rubbing up against my pussy. He whispered something about how much fun he was going to have fucking me.
Suddenly I heard someone yelling to leave me alone. Out of nowhere, one guy was dragged away and the other pushed to the ground with his head stomped on. I heard Dirk yelling something nasty toward the three guys. The guy holding me turned to fight Dirk, but Dirk got in the first blow right across his face. He fell to the ground. Dirk went over and kicked him in the face and then stomped on his family jewels. The guy was loudly moaning with his hands between his legs. The third guy just ran, while the other two guys were on the ground moaning in pain.
Coming over to me he said, "Are you alright Kathryn? Why didn't you wait for me? I told you I would be in the office and to meet me there afterwards. If it wasn't for the Sarge telling me you left, I wouldn't have been here to stop that."
Thank god he did. I was so happy to see him. I just hugged him. I've never been so scared in my life. He was my savior. And boy how he can fight.
Sniffling I meekly answered, "I looked for you and didn't hear that you would be in the office. But I'm so happy you found me when you did. Look what they did to my blouse."
He pulled my jacket closed, took my arm, and we went back to the hotel. He got water running in the tub and helped me in. Then he started to wash my back, hair and massaging my shoulders. He was very gentle to me and something he hadn't shown before.
As he did he said, "Kathryn never do that again. I will always walk you home from any event and protect you. You have taken to this life style better than I thought you would. For your reward no more gang bangs. Just a few guys a night until you go home. Are you okay with that plan?"
I turned to kiss him and boy what a nice kiss. After I was all cleaned, he tucked me into bed, lay next to me and said, "Tomorrow we'll start back to London. We should get back by Friday night. Then Saturday will be a day just for you."
Kissing my forehead he whispered, "Good night my sweet beautiful Lady. I love you!"
Those last three words didn't resister until the next day. We got started late and I asked if it was okay to stop in York to meet a pen pal that I've been writing too. He smiled and said it was okay if we make another stop first.
We went to Newcastle first and I met a guy at a big resort I think was called Slieve Donard. I wore a conservative outfit because there were a lot of people around. It was 11 am when on knocked on his door. An older maybe 60 something guy wearing just a robe opened the door.
He looked at me and said, "You must be Kathryn. Wow! You are more beautiful than your photos. We have almost two hours until my wife comes back, but you should be gone before then."
Handing me an envelope, I just put it in my bag and told him I'll be right back. I quickly changed into my lingerie. When I came out wearing just a sheer black top and nothing else, I asked if he liked what he saw. His lusty grin and a bulge brewing from under his robe told me everything I needed to know. I jumped in his arms, gave him a passionate kiss, and said something about how handsome he was. Reaching under his robe I found his hardening cock getting ready for fun. I knelt down and sucked on it until he was rock hard. Then he picked me up and placed me on the bed. He spread my legs apart and began rubbing my clit. Soon he had two fingers in my pussy making me very wet. I was moaning and squirming with pleasurable delight.
When suddenly he pulled his fingers out and softly remarked, "I see you are enjoying your work. You are such beautiful, horny lass aren't you! But now I need to fuck you for Percy's enjoyment."
I grabbed his cock giggled to myself for him naming it and placed Percy at my vagina entrance. He did the rest. Soon he was pumping me like no tomorrow. Grunting and telling me how tight and horny I was, while he plundered my pussy. I enjoyed it immensely. After a long time he began grunting and twitching, so I knew he was about to inject me with sperm.
Just before he came he yelled, "I hope it's okay to spunk inside you!"
Moaning I answered, "Yes! I want to feel you filling me up. Oh yes please do!"
In a moment I felt him jerking and pushing himself deep in me. Then his spunk was unleashed like a volcano erupting. When he was done he fell on top of me. He was breathing heavy and I was afraid I killed him, but after a few minutes he pushed himself up and smiled at me.
"I really needed that gorgeous," he said. "You're worth every penny, but it's getting late. Go clean up and I'll walk you out."
As I was leaving, I gave him a big kiss and went to find Dirk. Dirk was at the bar. I gave him the envelope filled with five 100 pound notes and we left for my rendezvous with my pen pal in York.
This one was going to be a freebie. I meant him at Café Tea Rooms for tea and crumpets. Dirk went to get us a room, while I was escorted to my friends place for shagging. A few hours later I met up with Dirk at the Tea place and went sightseeing the rest of the time in York. I loved the town with so much to see. The boat tour was so much fun too.
That night I dressed to go out to a pub for shagging, but Dirk stopped me and said, "Not tonight love. Tonight I want you for myself. You already have made more then what was anticipated. So just relax and lets us have some time together."
I made love to Dirk for hours the rest of the night. He seemed different after my near rape experience and I remembered him telling me those three words. It was like he really was loving me and not just fucking me.
The next day was Friday and off to London. We pulled in around 2 pm. I was shocked to see Sarah and Beth (the two girls from Bath) at Myles place, dressed sultry and sitting on the couch reading magazines. They looked at me and smiled. Beth then asked how my trip was and if I had fun shagging.
I answered, "Oh yes I did. I met so many nice guys and enjoyed them. How about you two? Why are you still here? I thought you had to go home last weekend."
Sarah laughed and replied, "Oh we are home now. We've made so much money here and planning to stay for some time. Myles is out looking for a nice flat for us to live in. Why don't you stay too? We would have so much fun rooming together."
Beth chimed in, "Oh yes Kathryn. We would enjoy your company. The money is great too. Please stay."
I thought, "Oh my god! Connor did turn them into strumpets too. Just like he said he would."
Connor hearing the chatter walked out and saw me. He was holding a black short skirt and black top that left my belly button exposed. Giving it to me he told me to put it on. When I returned, I was dressed like the strumpet that I had become and all ready for shagging more horny blokes. Then we all went to dinner with me dressed risque but the other girls were dressed with pants and tops. During dinner Connor and Dirk told me that I was going dogging again. Dirk looked angry and tried to talk him out of it, but Connor had his mind made up. It's funny because at the start of my adventure the two guys thought differently about me. It was Dirk who wanted me to go dogging and started me on my way to becoming a strumpet. But now they were opposite. Myles eventually joined us at Connors pub. I went with the guys for dogging, while Myles took the girls off to their fuck dates. I have photos of me on this date if you want to see.
Anyway, I was only shagged by three guys besides Dirk and Connor but sucked to completion about a 9 other blokes. This event turned out to be my last night of whoring. It was finally over but I actually was used to the attention and really didn't want to stop.
I slept late Saturday morning; afterwards Dirk took me out exploring. We went to Greenwich and I had fun at the museum. We even had a picnic on the grassy area. The night was just with him at his small flat. Actually it was in the basement of Myles large abode. We made love all night. In the morning, I dressed conservatively with pants and was taken to the airport for my flight home. Myles handed me an envelope and it had 1500 pounds in it with an invite to come back next year. I kissed Myles and Dirk good bye. Then left with my two large over stuffed suitcases and one carry on.
As I was at the curb, a nice looking tall slender guy named Spencer helped me with my luggage. He waited in line with me and even upgraded my seat to sit next to him. We talked about a lot of things including me telling him about my trip as a strumpet, but it was like he already knew. By the time we landed I was very comfortable with him. He invited me to stay over at his place and I accepted. It was after we made love, that he gave me a proposition to become an elite exclusive escort for a worldwide men organization. I didn't except that day, but when Friday came around and being bugged all week by him, I final succumbed to trying it until the end of 2015. I figured I was already a strumpet maybe being a high class escort would be a lot better. And I was so horny all week from not having any sex. I can't tell you any more about it for now, but it's been almost five months now doing this endeavor.
Well that finished my UK trip story. I have to tell you it was very rewarding. Also, Myles is the one that sent Spencer to meet me and I should thank him for doing so. I'm pleased with my decision of joining the club. I probably wouldn't be writing anymore stories for a while. But I will continue writing to my many friends that I've met on here. Thanks for enjoying my stories and telling me about it. I still wish more of you would write me.
Kisses
Kathryn