"Excuse me Miss, but... blah, blah, blah" a man spoke to me as he grabbed my wrist as I walked past him.
"I'm sorry?" I replied, turning to face him. The music in the club was so loud; I couldn't hear everything that he was saying.
Still holding my wrist, he bent forward and whispered in my ear, "I said that you have amazing breasts!"
Stunned, I smiled and replied, "Thank you!" He let go of my wrist and lent forward again.
"I didn't know how you would respond. You might have slapped me." The tall handsome stranger laughed, "But I just felt the need to tell you that your breasts... really are amazing."
He took a step back, and it took a second or two for me to realise that there were actually two ruggedly handsome men towering above me.
For some strange reason I actually looked down and examined my own breasts. They did look good! I was showing plenty of cleavage, and they were peeping out of my tight dress, obviously aided by a Wonderbra.
My eyes quickly scanned the area around me, looking for my husband, who had gone to the toilet some time before. I couldn't see him, or anyone else that I knew.
"Emmmm," I stuttered, "most people like my legs, actually."
The strangers both stood back and surveyed my lower half. They looked at each other and nodded.
"Yeah. I can see what they mean." The second man told his friend.
"No man," the first guy argued, "It's the breasts for me. Look at them. They're perfect. Just the right size, not too big, not too small, probably firm and, well... a bit of bounce." By they were standing so close to me, I could smell their breath and cologne.
My pale blue eyes were still trying to find my husband, but it was difficult, as they had blocked most of my view.
The first guy said something that I couldn't hear.
" I'm sorry, I missed that." I told him.
He whispered in my ear, "I asked if you liked having your nipples sucked. You look like you do!"
Blushing, I replied, "That's for me to know, and you to find out!" I laughed as I finally locked onto Rob, my husband.
Grinning like a Cheshire cat, Rob was standing only six feet away from us, enjoying watching his wife being chatted up by these hunky strangers.
"Can I find out?" the man asked, as he began pressing himself against me.
Flattered and excited by their attention, I whispered "Not tonight," then glared at Rob. I don't think that he could hear the conversation, but I could guess at what he had in mind. My thoughts were racing.
This was beginning to seem like Rob's biggest fantasy - to see me 'with another man'. "Had he set me up, or was this a pure coincidence?" I thought.
As I was concentrating on Rob, I nearly missed the second guy stroking my leg, sliding it up my dress, tickling my stocking clad leg.
I pushed his hand away; "You can stop that right now!" I scolded him.
Both men laughed. The first one held his hand out to shake mine, "Hi, I'm Ed and this is Gary, we work in construction and have just hit town."
I shook his hand, "I'm Andrea, and that's all you need to know."
Still smiling Ed asked, "Are you on your own tonight?"
"I might be," I replied coyly, glancing at Rob.
"No boyfriend or girlfriends with you? That can only mean one thing." He laughed as he stroked my wedding ring.
"What's that?" I asked him.
"You're looking for some action." He answered, looking at Gary for confirmation, who smiled and nodded.
I grinned and shook my head, "Not tonight," I told him. Rob discretely tried to move closer, but Ed and Gary still blocked his way.
Gary was stroking the back of my leg again, but this time I didn't try to stop him.
"That's a cute accent." I told Ed, who was 5 or 6 inches taller than me, with short, well cut, hair and was very athletic looking.
"A bit of French, a bit of German, a bit of American and a bit horny!" he laughed out loud.
"Shit man! She's really looking for action tonight!" Gary turned to his friend as his hand reached my stocking top. "She's wearing stockings!"
Ed immediately slid his hand up my dress like his friend. My stomach was turning cartwheels as both men touched the flesh at the top of my legs.
Flushed and sweating I caught Rob's gaze. His grin was now replaced by a look of amazement as I allowed two strangers to fondle my thighs, only 3 feet away from him.
Thankfully the club was very busy and the music so loud, no one seemed to notice what we were doing in the corner.
"What colour are your panties?" Gary whispered, as his fingers pressed against my pubic area, while Ed squeezed my arse cheeks.
I desperately tried to keep my legs closed, but their fingers and palms were making me feel very, very sexy as they touched me up in front of my husband and hundreds of other club goers.
"Black." I gulped, as Ed's finger ran along the back of my G-string. He very quickly parted my arse cheeks and touched the back of my pussy, making me nearly spill my drink.
"Does the bra match?" he asked as I finally parted my legs for them, allowing Gary better access to the front.
"Yes." I whispered as Gary pressed the thin material of my panties into my soaking hole, as Ed stroked the flesh either side of my pussy.
"What size are your tits?" he continued whispering into my ear.
"34BB - big but perky!" I laughed as I used Rob's favourite expression.
"Quite a mouthful, then?" Ed laughed. I nodded.
By now I didn't care what they did to me, as they pressed even closer to me, no one else, apart from my husband could see that their hands were up my dress.
Ed and Gary's fingers were now slowly bringing me close to an orgasm.
I opened my glazed eyes to see Rob peering over Gary's shoulder, with his mouth hanging open like a cartoon figure.
Shocked at my behaviour, I moved my hips, trying to extricate myself from their hands.
"What's wrong?" Ed asked, furtively looking around the room, as he withdrew his hand, "Is there a problem?"
Rob discretely shook his head. I knew why. This was his fantasy. For years now we'd talked about me having sex with another man. Sometimes Rob wanted to watch, sometimes he wanted to take part other times he wanted me to go out and come home with a pussy full of another man's spunk. The idea had intrigued me, but I never thought that I could do such a thing, as I loved him so much. Tonight was different, but everything was happening too quickly for me.
"I've got to go to the toilet!" I blurted out.
Disappointed Ed and Gary looked at each other; "Okay, but you're not going to run away from us are you?"
"Hell no!" I laughed.
As they parted I 'bumped' past Rob who seemed to be shaking with excitement.
In the toilet I was trembling as my pee gushed into the bowl. When I had finished I looked at my face in the mirror. My pupils were massive, my cheeks bright red with excitement and I could feel my nipples nearly bursting through my bra. The smile on my face told me that if things continued, Rob might have his fantasy come true.
As I pushed through the queue of women at the toilet door I saw Ed and Gary waiting in the corridor for me. Rob was trying to be inconspicuous further down.
"Hi!" Ed greeted me.
"Did you think that I was going to run away from you?" I chuckled.
He shrugged his shoulders. "What do you want to do now?" Ed asked, "Is there somewhere that we can go?"
"What do you mean?" I replied innocently.
"You do want to fuck, don't you?" he asked.
I couldn't stop myself smiling as Rob's eyes lit up, behind him.
Ed suddenly took my wrist as Gary burst through the door in the Gents. I was virtually dragged behind them. The smell of stale piss and beer was disgusting as I entered a Gents for the first time.
Two young guys were standing at the urinal as Gary held a cubicle door open. Ed bundled me inside and immediately began groping my heaving breasts as he planted a huge kiss on my freshly 'lipsticked' mouth. I was gasping for air as his long tongue forced its' way into my throat. My arms were already around his shoulders pulling him against me as our hips ground together. "My God!" I thought as his cock pressed against my groin, "that feels huge!"
As I opened my eyes I realised that Gary was in the cubicle with us!
With a grin the size of Kansas on his face Gary began unbuckling his belt and dropping his trousers.
Ed's tongue felt as big as his cock as it wrestled with my tonsils. One of his hands was now unbuttoning my dress, exposing my lacy black underwear and black hold up stockings for them.
My eyes were like saucers, as Gary's pants were now around his ankles and his cock pointed at me. It looked about the same length as Rob's, but was much, much fatter. "My turn!" he told Ed.
Ed stepped back and was immediately replaced by his friend.
Gary's cock prodded at my tiny black G-string, as he slid his own hot tongue into my mouth. He pushed a hand between my legs and lifted my leg up until my foot was resting on the bowl, making his access to my lightly protected pussy a lot easier. His cock was so hard it could have cut diamonds. I gasped as it rubbed against my swollen cunt lips.
His hands were on my arse trying to pull me onto his cock. Our kissing was becoming frantic as we moved our hips trying to get him past my pants and into my soaking pussy.
I moved one of my hands until I touched his cock. It was so hot I thought that I might actually burn myself. As my fingers pulled my pants to one side I couldn't believe how wet I was. My pussy felt like I'd just sat in some warm jelly.
As soon as I moved my panties Gary's cock nudged my lips apart.
"Uh, uh, uh!" I quietly grunted, as inch by inch his fat cock filled and stretched my 'one man' pussy.
Ed had now released my tits from my bra and was suckling on a stiff nipple as he tickled the other one. He also took my hand and placed it onto his cock. I tried to look down to see it, as it felt absolutely huge. I wanted to wrap my tiny hand around it, but couldn't! As best as I could, I frantically rubbed the shaft, just like my husband likes.
The three of us were making the cubicle walls shake as Gary's thrusts were knocking the breath out of me as he filled my cunt more than Rob ever had.
I don't normally make noises during sex, but Gary's fat cock was like a piston as he fucked me, making me groan and grunt.
Ed stopped sucking my tits and told his friend, "Come on man, this babe's so hot, I need to fuck her too."
"Okay," Gary said, as he gently withdrew from my battered pussy, "She can finish me with her mouth."
"Oh God! That sounds good!" I thought, as they tried to change positions, in the tiny cubicle.
My legs were shaking as I pressed against the wall to steady myself, as I placed my foot on the floor.
As Ed told Gary, "I'll sit on the bowl while she sucks you off, that'll be best, " I was suddenly aware that we had an audience. I looked up to see 6 or 7 guys, including my husband, hanging over the top of the cubicle watching us. Rob mouthed the words "I've already came twice!" and winked at me.
My heart was beating as fast as my stomach was spinning as I realised the enormity of my situation. I was happily married to the only man that I had ever had sex with, and here I was in a public toilet fucking and sucking two complete strangers in front of an audience!
Ed was now sitting on the toilet bowl with that huge cock sticking up like a flagpole. It must have been 7 or 8 inches long. For the first time in my life I couldn't wait to feel a cock inside me - it looked awesome!
Breathing heavily, I took my soaking knickers off and threw them up to Rob. I thought that the wall might fall over as three other men scrambled to grab them.
"Jesus! That's hairy!" I heard someone say. I looked down at my pubes. As I'd only finished my period the previous day, I hadn't had time to trim them, so they were still very bushy.
"Okay Andrea, turn around and sit on this, " Ed told me, "then you can finish Gary off at the same time."
I must have looked like the cat that had ate the cream as I lifted my dress and squatted over Ed's cock. I took a deep breath as he guided it into my already stretched hole. "Oooohhhh!" I moaned as I slowly lowered my self onto his spike. Gary had stretched the sides earlier, but Ed's cock seemed to be never ending as it probed and prodded my cunt and belly. "Oh God, that feels soooo good!" I hissed as I finally touched his pubes with my arse cheeks. I love fucking 'doggy fashion' but this was even better as my weight pressed down onto this wonderful 'man meat'.
Ed gripped my breasts and began thrusting with his hips banging his knob against my cervix, making me gasp for air. I'd never, ever, been fucked like this before, it was absolutely mind-blowing.
As I opened my mouth, Gary immediately slid his purple knob past my lips. It was beyond fantastic as his fat cock filled my mouth while I bounced up and down on Ed's massive cock in front of an audience.
I love sucking my husband's cock, but Gary's was so fat, red hot and covered in my own juices. It felt so horny as I sucked and licked it like a woman possessed, while Ed fucked me at the other end. One of his hands was holding my hair as the other stroked my breast. My arms were stretched out holding onto the sides, trying to steady myself. After a minute or two, Ed's thrusting became faster as he neared his climax, making it impossible for me to keep Gay's cock in my mouth, as I was shaking my head like a brood mare.
All I could hear now, was the sound of men cheering Ed and Gary on. There was an incredible buzz of shouting, swearing and laughter, as the three of us fucked as if our lives depended on it.
Gary suddenly grabbed a hand full of hair and wanked himself off in front of my face as I gripped his big hairy balls. Ed began moaning, "Yes, yes... .I'm coming, I'm coming!" He was so excited he began lifting my small body up by the tits as he rammed his monster cock into my cunt. His grip was so tight I thought that he was trying to tear them off!
I was so excited my eyes were closed and my mouth gaping open as I enjoyed every second that his cock was inside my body.
"Yeeessss!" I heard Gary hiss, as his hot, sticky spunk splashed onto my face! I opened my eyes to see jet after jet spurting towards me, some even landing in my open mouth. I'd never allowed my husband to come in my mouth before, but I couldn't resist tasting and swallowing this, virtual, strangers' lumpy spunk. I moved my head forward to catch the last drips as I felt Ed tense up and my pussy had that unmistakable 'warm feeling' as wave after wave of Ed's boiling cum flooded my womb as I licked the last string of love juice from Gary's softening cock.
It took the guys a moment or two to relax, as I gently eased myself off Ed's deflating monster. Even after cumming, his cock still filled my stretched cunt more than Rob ever had.
As I stood up, Ed's long cock fell out of my drenched hole with a 'plop', making the warm juices pour out and run down the inside of my thighs onto my stocking tops.
I rested against the toilet door, cleaning my dripping cunt and face with toilet paper while Ed and Gary pulled their trousers up. I could hear the laughter outside as 'our audience' dispersed back into the club.
My body ached as I buttoned up my dress. When I placed my sore breasts back into their holders I noticed that they were bruised and covered in scratches from all of the rough handling. God only knows who ended up with my panties, I know that it wasn't my husband.
As he buckled his belt, Ed asked me, "Did you enjoy that?"
Chuckling I replied, "What do you think? It was... fucking fabulous!"
As he opened the toilet door, Gary asked, "What do you think your husband would say if he knew what you had just done?"
"Why don't you ask him?" I replied, as Rob was waiting for me by the hand basins with a huge grin on his face.