After my early summer adventures at the department store and the backyard, I took a small break from my public exploits. I didn't want to push boundaries too often and risk getting caught. It was tough though since the exhibitionist spark was growing into a flame, one that I needed to feed. Later in the summer, after resisting the urge to do anything public, I finally couldn't take it anymore and decided I was going to try venturing outside naked again, but this time with a goal in mind. A goal that would start to push my limits even more.
I started easing back into my public play by taking a couple more steps further into the back yard. I also started going out earlier in the night when it was a bit riskier. I never spent more than 30 seconds to a minute at a time and never jerked off, mostly because of the time limits. All I wanted to do was build confidence for what I actually had in mind.
I continued this for a couple of weeks, feeling ever more confident in my naked body the more time I spent outside. I even got to the point where I would walk around the yard a couple times before heading back in. Eventually I felt completely comfortable in my backyard, so much so that I was starting to lose the thrill. One night, while standing outside I decided it was time to take my next step and finally venture out the front door.
The house we lived in at the time was across the street from some open space and the 4th house in from a T intersection on the edge of town. To the right of the open space was a road that wound behind a row of houses to a tennis court and small playground. It wasn't a super busy road that we lived on, but the road it connected with at the intersection had a decent amount of traffic as it was the most direct route to the main highway for our neighborhood. This was going to be especially tricky as our house didn't have any bushes, trees, or fences to hide behind. It was completely exposed, and soon I would be as well! The thought of this plan was getting to me as I stood outside, my cock stiffening to a rock. I went back inside to my computer and had to wait since it was only about 11 PM at this point.
It was about 1 AM when I finally decided it was time. I was already naked in my room as I never bothered to put any clothes back on after being outside earlier in the night. To be honest, I didn't wear clothes most of the time I was in my room at this point as they felt too confining and I just wished I could be naked all the time anyway.
I remember spending a good bit of the night reading dares and watching porn so I was pretty hard and on edge already. One dare stood out to me as you were expected to check the mail naked. After reading the dare I knew I should use that as my motivation and goal. Our mailbox was at the sidewalk that lined the street in front of the house, so it was about a 30 foot distance away with another 3 or so to the asphalt. Unfortunately it wasn't a shared mailbox, making the walk longer and riskier, but it was very exposed.
I opened my bedroom door to listen for any movement in the house. After a little bit of no noise I decided the coast was clear and started working my way down the hallway toward the living room. Once I got to the living room I took a few deep breaths to hype myself up. It was now or never I told myself, knowing that if I chickened out I would regret it. I then slowly started turning the doorknob, hearing it click, before slowly pulling the door open. I leaned forward in the dark, looking through the glass of our storm door. There was a street light on across the street where the road to the park met up with our street. I looked to see if anyone was coming and to check if there were any lights on. As expected, it was dark everywhere and very quiet. I pushed on the handle of the storm door and stepped forward, onto the landing outside our front door.
My heart was racing a million miles an hour and I was hyper alert. I kept thinking I was hearing things, but every time I would look around I wouldn't see anything. I slowly and quietly closed the storm door behind me, leaving the house door open. I took another couple of steps down onto our sidewalk leading up to the house, my cock and balls swinging as I walked. I tried to steady my breathing and forced myself to walk as slowly as possible, enjoying the crisp night air on my skin. I kept walking the 30 feet or so to the mailbox but as soon as I got there I didn't quite know what to do but stand there, looking around to take in the view. Looking out over the open space, backed by a line of trees, I could see the shadows dancing in the breeze caused by the bright moon above as well as the soft glow on the ground from the street light. I took a deep breath, soaking in the feeling of standing outside the front of my house, naked as could be. My cock was still slightly hard from before venturing out, but it had gone down some from the rush. I didn't know what else to do but knew I didn't want to go back in yet. I looked around one more time and I started to move toward the street, almost subconsciously. My body was in control at this point and my mind was just along for the ride.
I stepped out into the street, feeling the cold asphalt on my feet. I continued walking, slowly and methodically until I arrived at the open space, standing just at the edge of the light cast by the street light. I turned around and looked back at the front of my house, my bedroom light shining through the small window on the corner. I smiled big and stood tall knowing that there were people asleep in their houses, completely unaware of what I was up to. I started moving my hands over my body, feeling the sensations of my fingers on my skin. I worked my hand down my stomach until I reached my public hair, running my fingers through it causing my cock to stir a bit and get harder. I then slid my fingers down the length of my cock. As I stood there, sliding my fingers over my cock, I started to think what would happen if someone turned the corner. Standing naked under a street light, touching myself. The thought of getting caught amplified the sensations I was feeling all over my naked body. I could see the intersection a ways down the street, but didn't see anyone in the distance. I was a bit disappointed as I didn't care if I was caught at this point, mostly from being so horny.
I started lightly rubbing my cock between my fingers, slowly at first so as to get myself as hard as possible. Once my cock was as hard as a rock I took a firm grip with my whole hand and started pumping a bit faster, widening my stance allowing myself to feel every bit of the cool air on the tip of my cock and balls. I took my other hand and sucked on my index finger, getting it wet with spit as I bent over a bit, spreading my ass and feeling the cool air reach my asshole. I then pulled my finger from my mouth and slid it into my asshole as I continued jerking myself off. I couldn't believe I was doing this!
The last time I had jerked off outside I was never able to really let go as I was too nervous. This time though I really started getting into it, closing my eyes and letting my breath get heavier. Sweat was starting to build up on my body from the furnace inside, adding to the intense contrast of the cool night air against my glistening skin. I even let a few grunts out, not caring if I was heard. It was truly an out of mind experience, standing there fucking myself. I slid a second finger into my ass to heighten the experience.
I was holding myself back from cumming so I could enjoy this as long as possible when suddenly I could hear a car in the distance, the sound bringing me back to reality. I couldn't see lights from it and the sound was pretty faint. I couldn't tell which direction it was moving either, but knew it was far enough away that I had a minute or two before I had to worry. I decided I had better not press my luck much further and let myself go, jerking myself as fast as possible and shoving my fingers as far up my ass as I could reach, pressing on my prostate. After a few seconds I felt an intense orgasm take over as I shot my massive, thick load into the street. After one of the longest orgasms I had ever had, I pulled my fingers out of my ass and licked my other hand clean of the bit of cum that didn't land on the street. I was in ecstasy and wished I could bask in my post orgasm glow a bit longer, but I knew my time was running out.
I could still hear the car in the distance and it sounded like it was getting closer, for sure coming toward the intersection. I still wasn't sure if it would turn down my street, but I decided I should probably get back inside just in case. I quickly walked back to the house, reaching the front door just as the car turned down my street at the intersection. I couldn't see it yet but I could see the lights shining down my street. It was for sure coming my way. Had I not just had an orgasm I may have let my cloudy mind keep me there, letting them see my sweaty naked body and semi-hard cock, but I decided it's best to just get inside. I opened the storm door quietly and stepped inside. After closing the storm door I stood, naked, watching as the car passed my house, coming within feet of my cum in the street. I closed the living room door before making my way back to my bedroom as my cock began to grow again thinking about what I just did and how close the car came to my sticky cum. The rush of blowing a load in the middle of the street with my fingers up my ass had me practically running back to my room in order to jerk off again before finally climbing into bed for the night, naked and ignorant to what was about to come over me in my pursuit of ever more dangerous public fun.