As with all my stories, this one stands alone and can be enjoyed alone. But, if you want some backstory on these ladies, try "Miss Vickie's Favorite Customer" and "The Morning After." I'm entering this story in competition for Lit's Summer Lovin' Contest, so please read all the excellent entries and vote on your favorite. Enjoy!
* * *
All I was looking forward to now was a shower.
Of course, I might as well have already taken one: I was completely drenched, every bit as wet as though I'd put on my running clothes, sprinted directly into the ocean, and soaked for a minute or two before emerging. My dark hair was plastered to my head, sweat running out of the ridiculous little beard my wife insisted I should keep; I'd long since lost my sodden running shirt, now balled up in my hand like a rag at a carwash.
Today's effort was a considerable one, a long-ish beach run in mid-August, just two weeks before the new school year. I frowned to myself and wondered whether I should add a mile, despite my discomfort: the alternative was to go home to three kids who were, at this point in the summer, bouncing off the walls. I took every opportunity to get out of my house and and stay out.
School couldn't start soon enough.
I gritted my teeth and forced my feet through the soft sands, angling toward the water for better footing while I dodged among the beachgoers. Beach runs take awhile, but they're very...scenic. Especially here, at Piers Beach near the State College, with young ladies lounging everywhere in the last days of the dying summer. Far, far ahead of me stood the tall condos on the southern edge of Seaborne, where I taught; I could see this same kind of scenery at Seaborne Beach, I knew, but the bodies there would belong to my students, the juniors and seniors of Seaborne High, and I didn't need to be seen shirtless in that particular crowd.
Not that I had anything much to be embarrassed about, I knew. I'm hardly a bodybuilder, but I don't look bad at all for my 42 years. Where my wife had gone one way after our kids were born, toward long afternoon naps on the couch and piles of cheap novels, I'd gone the other. A day here and there went by with no exercise, but not many. I needed to burn at least 1200 calories a day to maintain my fitness, not to mention my sanity; three kids, I often thought, was two too many.
I love my family, but I need the break.
Ahead of me stood one of the big WPA pavilions they built along the seashore during the late 1930s, so grand and clean from a distance; step inside, though, and the crumbling concrete and aging water fountains made you want to leave. But I needed a drink, so I weaved in that direction, my shoes quickly bogging down in the thicker, looser sand. I swerved automatically to avoid a group of young women on a series of towels.
"Oh my God!" one of them cried, and in the split second I looked down at her I caught massive sunglasses above a mouth wide open in an O of delight. "Mr Wolfe?" She girl beside her sat bolt upright, two bold flashes of purple drawing my eyes immediately to a massive pair of breasts, and then everything happened with painful slow-motion horror:
Distracted by the tanned, firm young tits, I lost my concentration.
The sand shifted beneath my foot, leaving me treacherously off-balance.
I lunged sideways, desperately, blindly throwing my other foot down to keep myself from falling.
Only to land that lunging foot squarely on an oily, slim set of abs possessed by a third young lady, who immediately doubled over with a very unladylike "Oof!"
I ended up sprawled in the hot August sand, my breath gone and my sunglasses flying aside, one of my legs still lying over the offended midsection of the third girl, who now looked over at me less in pain than in surprise. She blinked behind small, sleek shades. "You stepped on me," she observed with a sense of wonder.
"Jesus, Mr Wolfe!" The girl with the violet boobs had scrambled to her feet and now stood over her friend, looking back and forth between us with undisguised amusement; her friend, the one with the big sungalsses, remained on her belly on the towel, the wide mouth now in a delighted grin. "Fuck, Vickie, are you okay?"
The girl with the little sunglasses was rubbing at a pink-red footprint squarely on her belly. "You stepped on me," she repeated, but she didn't sound like she was in any pain. "You okay?"
I spat out sand, the whole left side of me covered with it, sticking to my sweaty skin like grim death. I got my foot off her body and tried to get it under me. "Oh my God, I'm so sorry!" I crouched on the sand and looked her over. "Are you hurt?"
She was a pale girl, long and lean and looking like a runner herself. Tight, muscled legs, small breasts, a wide mouth in a faceful of freckles. She was smiling, confused. "I'm fine," she insisted, studying her abs. She was folded into a long-limbed ball, poking tentatively at her belly in a sensible striped two-piece. "You?"
"Sure." I was very embarrassed, scraping at the stucco of sand all over my arm, trying in vain to get it out of my chest hair. A shadow fell across me and I looked up into a mass of tan skin and violet fabric and dark red hair flowing thickly down from a grinning face. I blinked. "Uh, Kaylen?"
Jesus Christ, Kaylen Rapp. She'd graduated three years ago? Two? I could never keep track. I swallowed and brought my scrambled brain desperately into the present, trying hard to adjust from "hard-core runner" mode to "humiliated former teacher" mode. It was not easy, but then any attempt to organize my thoughts in the face of Kaylen's bludgeoning sexuality, never far away and now magnified tenfold by her swimsuit, would have probably gone very badly.
Kaylen Rapp, captain of the field hockey team that had almost won the state championship. Kaylen Rapp, the hottest young woman in her graduating class. Kaylen Rapp, now tucking her auburn hair behind her ear while she held my fallen sunglasses out toward me. "Hi, Mr Wolfe."
If anything, I noticed at once, she'd gotten even more beautiful in the past few years. Her strong body, proportioned perfectly and almost completely visible just a few inches away from me, stood squarely with her usual well-remembered air of pride in how she looked. She was all breathtaking curves and healthy jiggles, glistening with sweat and suntan lotion. Her suit fit her perfectly, showing her off while not looking too slutty, the purple fabric drawn tightly over breasts and crotch. God, but she was sexy.
On top of all that, as if she'd ever actually needed it, was her attitude. She'd always been forceful, even blunt, a woman of sublime confidence and absolute self-possession. She smiled down at me now. "Fancy meeting you here."
"Run here often?" The first girl, the one with the huge shades, was now lying on her side, propped up on her elbow in an image of casual female beauty, the curves of waist and hip and leg looking like a magazine cover in her simple black bikini. She smiled warmly at me, no longer very concerned about the friend I'd stepped on. She winked, moving her shades down on her nose. "Remember me, Mr Wolfe?" she purred.
My fuzzy brain, now slowly recovering, grudgingly sent up a likely last name, though not a first one. I remembered a confident and very intelligent girl, an excellent writer who'd sat in the second row behind Pedro Ruiz. "Um, yes." Still crouched beside the third girl, I accepted my sunglasses while trying not to look at Kaylen's body. "You were in AP. Your last name is Romano, I think..." I'd had her and her older sister, and I didn't want to guess the wrong name. "Alison?"
She chuckled. "That's my sister, Mr Wolfe," she kidded me lightly. I put my sunglasses on gratefully, knowing I'd be unable to avoid watching her sideways body as her boob threatened to slide down her chest, barely restrained by the top of her suit. She trailed a finger in the sand. "Guess again."
I scowled and continued brushing at myself, now very conscious of the fact that I was shirtless and sweaty with two former students. Not the way I liked to be. I glanced back at the new girl, the one I didn't know, now flexing her body gingerly and prodding at her abs again. "What're you doing here, Mr Wolfe?" That was Kaylen again, still awkwardly close to me. "I'll bet he saw us and then came over to say hi," she told the Romano girl in a stage whisper.
"Uh, no." I straightened up slowly, wondering where I'd dropped my shirt. Not that I could put it on, of course, a soaked running shirt over sandy skin; I'd be itchy for days. "I was heading over to the pavilion to get some water." I glanced back down at the girl I'd stepped on. "You sure you're okay? I'm really sorry."
"No, I'm okay." She sounded surprised about that herself, but shrugged. "Must be my abs of steel; I don't know." She was looking up at me all of a sudden, up and down. It had been awhile since I'd been checked out so blatantly, but what she said next was even worse than that. "You look like you're doing just fine, yourself." Christ, a flirt. In front of two former students, the last thing I needed was to be flirted with.
But, naturally, I can't say I minded it at all. It had been awhile. I felt myself straightening my back, standing taller, and forced myself to stop scowling. The girl in the sand was very, very attractive.
A smiling Kaylen was standing very close to me now, holding out a plastic bottle of water. It was the kind with the little nozzle on the top, where you bite it and suck the water in. Traces of lipstick clung faintly to the mouthpiece. "Take some, Mr Wolfe," she urged quietly. "I don't have cooties."
"Oh! Thanks, Kaylen." I ignored the lipstick and sucked down a generous wash of the cool water, swishing it through my mouth. It tasted delicious.
"No prob. You look like you're working hard," she offered, totally lacking in self-consciousness as she stood there in her bikini. Not that she had anything to be ashamed about, and obviously she knew it. Her feet were shoulder-width apart with her hands balled on her hips, her whole body model-perfect and smoothly balanced. "So this is what you do during the summers," she mused; by now, she was eyeing me too. I tried hard to avoid looking at her, but then remembered I had my shades on now. So I did the normal male thing: I glanced over for the standard sweep, seeking nipples and cameltoe and finding both.
My God, what a woman. I hoped she hadn't seen my eyes move behind my glasses.
The Romano girl hiked herself up, sinuous and lithe. "You're lucky, Kaylen," she said lightly. "At least he remembers your name. While I? I must be completely forgettable, a nonentity in his eyes." She was smiling at me as she said it, and I felt obscurely pleased; I was very, very quickly getting used to being flirted with.
"That's not fair." I handed the bottle back to Kaylen, whose hair had escaped in the hot breeze. "It's been, what, two years? I knew your last name."
She adjusted her top in that unconsciously sexy way women have, resettling her boobs. "Three years, Mr Wolfe. And you guessed my last name."
"He doesn't know my name, either." The girl I'd stepped on had a low, playful voice.
The Romano girl winked at me. "That's true, Mr Wolfe. You should guess hers, too." She struck a pose, one leg in front and the other slightly behind, her hips cocked alluringly. "What does she look like, Mr Wolfe? A Mary, maybe? A Lexi? Maybe..." she paused until I looked at her. "An Alicia?"
I snapped my sandy fingers. "You're Alicia! That's right." Holy shit, how could I have forgotten? There'd been rumors about her and one of my colleagues, Rick Davis. Horrific, nasty rumors.
"Sure." She reached graceful arms up to sweep her hair back, which set her breasts wobbling with incredible youthful firmness. It had been many, many years since my wife looked even remotely like that. "But it's not me we're talking about." She nodded down at her wounded friend. "Give us a guess, Mr Wolfe." The young woman in the sand relaxed, leaning back on slender arms, her long legs crossed as she looked up at me. I could sense Kaylen's smile.
"Huh." I pretended to think about it, now forgetful of my appearance as I took in the lovely creature in the sand. She was firm and graceful everywhere. I swallowed. "You look like..." I played it out, building suspense, the girls starting to smile. "You look like an Ethel."
The long, sleek girl tossed back her head and laughed hard, and I found myself laughing with her. "I'd forgotten how funny you could be, Mr Wolfe," Alicia said from behind her glasses.
"Very funny." The girl in the sand nodded up at me and then extended a graceful hand. "My name is Vickie," she announced with a freckled smile. I wiped my hand on my shorts, uselessly; soaked hand, soaked shorts. I took hers anyway.
"Nice to meet you. I'm Chris Wolfe." Her grip was light, but it lingered. She gave a low whistle.
"Chris Wolfe," she repeated, and then she looked up at her friends. "You say he's a teacher, girls? With a name like that, he should be a lawyer. Or maybe a CEO or something." She cocked her head sideways on a gracefully long neck. "Something powerful."
"Sorry to disappoint you," I murmured, and I was the one who had to take my hand away.
She arched an eyebrow. "Oh, I'm not disappointed."
"I never knew your name was Chris, Mr Wolfe." Kaylen's voice, so close to me, was more than a little playful. "You don't look like a Chris." Quite unexpectedly, Kaylen reached out a lazy hand and patted some of the sand from my back. I jumped. "Calm down, Mr Wolfe. I told you, I don't have cooties." I swallowed as I felt her brushing lightly at my bare back, slapping the sand away. "You're all sandy," she observed, and as I was extremely conscious of her violet breast just inches away.
"What do I look like?" Out of the corner of my eye I caught my shirt, forgotten in the sand beside Vickie's arm.
Kaylen gave my back one final sweep; I wondered whether I imagined it when it seemed to last longer than it needed to. "I guess... Brandon? Maybe Robert, or Eric or something?"
I looked over at her, with great effort meeting nothing but her eyes. "The world's full of surprises, Kaylen." She'd always been a mild bitch in class, bright but slightly sassy, the kind of girl who exasperated most teachers. But I hadn't minded. And, of course, very easy to look at. "So, what are you guys up to?" I looked innocently around at them. "You're, what, juniors now? How's college?"
There was a pause before Alicia gave a disgusted sigh. "Jesus, Mr Wolfe. Can't you stop being a teacher? It's summer, for God's sake."
"Yeah." Kaylen crouched to put her water bottle back into her bag. "Relax, Mr Wolfe. Or can I call you Chris now?"
"Or Brandon," Alicia mocked her. "Or Robert..."
"Shut up." Kaylen kicked sand over Alicia's foot.
"I think I'm going to get a bruise here." Vickie sounded calm as she arched her body slightly, displaying her belly. "See? What do you think, Chris?" She said my name pointedly, setting herself apart from the other two. Her torso was strong and hard between the striped tops and bottoms, smooth and pale and shiny. I saw nothing, the pink mark from my shoe already gone.
"I hope not," I stalled. She seemed to want me to keep looking, and I was happy to oblige; I hadn't ogled a beautiful woman, with permission, in some time. "If you need an ambulance, and a full physical workup at the hospital, I'll be happy to get in touch with my insurance people."
She snickered. "No, I think I'll be fine." She took off her glasses so that I could see her dark eyes as they stared at me. "You can take me to dinner, though."
I heard Alicia's sharply indrawn breath, Kaylen's giggle, and I felt my mouth flop open. "He's married, Vick," Alicia told her, and then she tipped her head sideways. "Or at least he was..."
"Oh yes." I pushed my sunglasses up. "I'm married, Vickie. I couldn't possibly."
She settled back onto her arms, totally calm and utterly at ease. "It's dinner, Chris. It's not a major commitment." She shrugged. "I'm new here, anyway. I've only got these two to show me around, and they're a bit limited."
"We really only know cheap places to eat," Alicia agreed. She was watching me closely, I noticed.
"Local places," Kaylen added.
"Take me out," Vickie urged softly, and there was an air of challenge in her eyes. "It's the only way I'll forgive you for stepping on me."
Good God. What was I supposed to do about this? The girl seemed completely serious. It had been decades since I'd gone on a date with anyone other than my wife, and I wondered if she meant it; the prospect was exhilarating.
But no. She had to be joking. Flirting. I assumed a light tone. "What did you have in mind? Candlelight, maybe a strolling violin player?"
"Valet parking?" she suggested lightly. "A nice wine, maybe two bottles? Clean bathrooms with breath mints in them?" She stared at me, her mobile face not at all whimsical. "You can pay, obviously."
"Obviously." I scratched my head, showering sand onto her towel. The sweat was drying on me, slowly, and I still had nearly three miles back to my truck. Her eyes never wavered. "You're serious."
"Want my number?" Her answer was immediate. "Classes start in like two weeks. I'm free most nights. You can pick me up anytime." I sensed heavy silence from Kaylen and Alicia, who didn't seem to know what to make of this. They didn't seem to know Vickie all that well. It had to be odd for them, watching me get picked up so effortlessly.
"I... I don't have anyplace to write it down," I replied weakly. "Your number, I mean." I am not a man who runs with music playing. It's distracting.
Vickie's body twisted with fluid grace as she turned to take a phone from her bag. "What's yours?" she asked softly, opening a new contact, and like a fool I babbled it out, slowly enough for her to get it. Alicia was still watching me closely. "Got it." She glanced back up at me. "So you should figure out when you can pick me up, what you're going to tell your wife, et cetera. I'll call you tomorrow." She put her sunglasses back on. "Don't let me down, Chris. You've already stepped on me; don't you break our date, now."
"Uh, sure," I murmured, feeling myself go red with embarrassment; I ran away without my shirt, hearing the lilting sound of their giggles behind me.
* * *
She told me to pick her up right at the entrance to campus, on the north side of town. I arrived, very self-conscious in my truck, wearing a pair of khakis and a long Cuban shirt. My blaring air conditioning failed to keep me from sweating, the nervous tension overwhelming all my glands. I peered ahead in the bright late afternoon, looking for my date.
This was ridiculous.
I was not quite sure how I'd found myself in this situation, but I felt like I was stuck with it now. I felt very guilty about my wife: not that I was taking another woman out to dinner, mind, but that I was leaving her at home with all three kids to do it. I told her I was meeting up with a couple of my work friends for an end-of-summer bar run. I'd done that a couple of times over the years, and she accepted it readily enough.
"Just don't think you can call me to drive," she warned. "I'm not loading up the kids to come get you."
"Oh no," I protested, giving her a chaste kiss. "I'll be fine," and then I was racing toward campus to meet up with Vickie. She was as good as her word: she'd said she'd be waiting for me at 6:15 in a sundress, and that's precisely what happened.
She looked very attractive, if not strictly sexy: her slim body was in a nice off-white dress that gave out just barely north of her knee, and she was nicely made up. She saw me coming and waved with a cool and very mature smile, hiking herself into the passenger seat as I pulled up to her. "Hi, Chris!" she said, all sprightly as she twisted to grab the seatbelt. "Where we headed?"
"Hi yourself," I said with a deep breath. I was badly nervous, trying hard to keep it from showing. "There's a really nice place in East Adams. You like steak?"
"Love it. East Adams?" She frowned; I'd forgotten she was new to these parts. "Where's that?"
"Just to the right of West Adams." I ignored her withering glance. "No, it's pretty far inland." I joined traffic smoothly, the late-summer crowds going, as always, toward the water and not away. "Maybe twenty, thirty miles."
Her glance went from withering to devious. "My my," she sang blandly. "Whyever would we be going so far away?"
I looked quickly over at her and decided I'd best be honest. "I'm not sure this is a good idea, Vickie. For me, I mean."
"Oh, sure," she agreed at once. "It's a terrible idea for you." We paused a moment in silence, whipping out past the thinning houses on the Adams road, and then she rested her pale left arm calmly on my console rest. "Luckily for me, you're ignoring what a terrible idea it is."
"Umm." She was right, obviously, and she knew it. She took her little red clutch, stowed it on my floor beside her leg, and settled back for the drive.
* * *
I'd never been to this restaurant, but the internet claimed its filet was wonderful and its garlic shrimp appetizer wasn't to be missed. I was obscurely relieved when the waiter carded Vickie before he took our wine order, and she caught me smiling about it afterward. "What?" she asked, shifting in the leather booth. I'd asked for a table in the back corner. "I'm 21, Chris. Have been for about seven months now, in fact."
"Relax," I advised her, toying with the menu. "I can't blame the waiter. You look like you're nineteen or so."
"Why, thank you," she replied with a wink. "We love it when men think we're younger." She rolled her eyes, and we were off and running; I was glad when she proved to be an excellent conversationalist, for I tend to clam up with quiet people. The story came tumbling out, easily and organically, before the shrimp arrived: she'd done two years at a junior college to save money while working at a daycare, had shown up and moved in for the middle of the summer semester to brush up on a math requirement, and had been housed in a suite with Kaylen and Alicia. They'd been living together for a week now.
"They seem cool," she allowed as the waiter heaved into sight with our appetizer, and then she looked at me. "They clearly aren't slacking as far as setting me up with an attractive older gentleman."
I paused while the food landed, smelling richly of garlic. "Well, older at least. I'm not sure aboutattractive."
"I am." The statement was immediate and certain, her dark eyes serious. She shook her napkin into her lap and made her move on the appetizer. She wiped a trace of garlic shrimp off her long fingers and looked complacently at me. "Chris, are you looking to have an affair?"
"Huh?" Oh yes. Smooth. God, was I rusty.
"I'm wondering," she went on calmly, "because you're a married father of... three, was it?" She waited for me to nod. "Three. Right. You're a nice guy, an upstanding member of the community, devastatingly handsome, you seem to have it all together; you show no signs of having a midlife crisis, you smell nice, and you're all awkward and nervous. While you're on a date with me, a woman half your age who isn't your wife. So, yeah, can you blame me for being curious?" She looked me in the eye, her finger dancing along the rim of the wineglass. "Do you want to have an affair, Chris?"
I sat back in the booth, the green leather crinkling. Strange as it is to admit it, I hadn't thought about it. Vickie watched me for a second, then looked away with a smile.
"Forget it. I enjoy going to nice dinners with nice men. I should just shut up and enjoy myself, I guess." She took a precise sip of her wine. "Sorry if I embarrassed you."
But the thought was certainly there now, and she knew it; she had to be aware she couldn't talk it away, even if she wanted to. Which, I was sure, she didn't; there was mischief in those dark eyes and a smile curled across her expressive face, the freckles rising on one side as she smirked. She sat patiently while I pondered, and I could feel myself frowning.
Shit. An affair. Never in a million years would I ever have thought myself capable of having one. Not because of any lingering sexual duty I felt toward my wife; we hadn't had sex since halfway through her last pregnancy, and our youngest was six. So no; my balls had been on a steady diet of porn and masturbation for the better part of a decade now.
No, my reluctance had more to do with the twin forces of inertia and lack of opportunity. I was, let's face it, a fundamentally lazy man; my life was a calm, beige, comfortable existence, and I didn't imagine I had the time or the energy to find another woman, seduce her, and fuck her. Leading, then, to the second prong of my fork of reluctance, the lack of opportunity: I'd been a teacher for a long time, and I'd schooled myself extensively to think about and look at attractive young women the way any male teacher must.
American high schools are, after all, packed with sexy bodies wiggling down the halls, and they surrounded me every day of my waking life. So I'd sort of turned off any real sexual sense I might have had toward those hot, energetic girls. No, women; I taught seniors, all at the dead-end of puberty, already women. It was an absolutely essential part of my job that I not look at any of them sexually. No way.
And, if not at work, when was I going to see other women? There were my wife's friends, but most of them were just like her: wonderful, smart, capable, funny women, their bodies ravaged by pregnancy and middle age, the kind of women you enjoy spending time with, not the kind you'd enjoy fucking. Then there were my runs, or my trips to the gym: there were always gorgeous women there, but again, who had the energy?
The beige life always beckoned.
And yet here I sat, on an honest-to-God date with a beautiful, nicely made-up young lady, full of chatter and good cheer, and showing dangerous signs of enjoying herself, of being happy in my company. It had been an excellent question:what the hell was I actually doing here?
I looked pensively back toward the calmly waiting Vickie, who sat now with her back straight and her hands folded primly on the tablecloth before her. She smiled again when she realized I was finished, and then extended a delicate arm to fetch another appetizer. She winked, the shrimp halfway to her mouth. "Awkward."
"Yeah." I watched as her bite sent a tiny spurt of garlic down her chin, and on impulse I seized my napkin and leaned in to swipe it away. Her eyes sparkled in surprise, but she said nothing; understandable, since she was chewing. "It's a fair question though, Vickie."
She swallowed and laid the husky tail on her plate. "I can tell you're nervous," she went on. "The girls tell me you're a really funny guy, but I haven't seen that tonight." The wine followed the shrimp, her neck long and graceful as her adam's apple bobbed. "You don't have to be nervous, Chris."
"I know, I know." I looked down at the smudge of garlic butter now on my napkin, and sighed. "I guess," I began slowly, "I want a nice evening with a beautiful woman. I want pleasant conversation and a great meal. I want... I want something new." Her eyebrows rose a bit at that, her face taking on an expression of great interest.
"I'm new?"
"No," I said at once. "You're the beautiful woman I'm having a nice evening with." She chuckled quickly and lightly, and at long last I smiled. "This," I said, gesturing all around. "This is new. And I'm enjoying it."
She nodded, her lips twitching; she was trying not to smile. "That's all you want, though? Something new?"
I took a breath; I was way, way out of practice here, but I'm not dumb. She wanted me to flirt. And, I realized in a rush, I wanted to. "Not all I want, no." I nodded toward her glass and raised an eyebrow; she pulled her elbows off the table while I poured her more wine. "I was hoping for a hug, at least."
And then, suddenly, it was easy. She cocked her head and winked again. "At least?"
"Yeah, you know. At the end of the night. When I'm dropping you off. A nice long hug, maybe a little peck on the cheek."
She giggled. "Giving, or receiving?"
I raised my glass in a silent toast. A dimple deepened beside her mouth; lord, but she was beautiful! "You pick."
"Hmm." She tossed back half her wine and then leaned forward, her elbows on the table, her hands splayed in my direction. At first I kept my eyes off her cleavage, but then I realized she probably wanted me to look. It was as impressive as her pert little boobs could make it, an expanse of warm, smooth skin. I swallowed involuntarily. "Well, if we did it on the lips, we could both give and receive at the same time."
Shit! "Why Vickie," I said, letting my tongue free and not thinking too much anymore before speaking, "I didn't know you were the sort of young lady who'd kiss on the first date."
"Jeez, Chris. I realize you probably haven't dated since, like, 1987, but a kiss is hardly a marriage proposal."
"Good." I showed her my wedding ring. "I'm taken already, so that shouldn't be a problem."
She looked theatrically left and right. "These days," she added, low and mysterious, "some women even do more than kiss on the first date."
"Oh, you don't say." I leaned in to match her, lowering my voice to a conspiratorial whisper. "Like, two kisses?"
"Two, three, four..." She shrugged. "Blowjobs, titfucks, anal sex; just the basics." She said it fast, and her face lit up when, quite unable to stop myself, I threw back my head and laughed. She grinned at me. "You're shocked, I can tell."
I got myself under control, and as I leaned back toward the table I detected a stirring hard-on prodding uncomfortably down below. I was hanging the wrong way, and debated whether I should let her see me adjust myself. "Not shocked, Vickie," I protested. "Surprised, maybe." There's something incredibly alluring, I decided, about a beautiful woman with a dirty mouth. I whispered again, her shining face coming close to listen. "So, uhh, I guess I should expect to fuck you in the ass, then?"
She shrugged again, her smile slow and cunning now. "Admit it, Chris," she murmured, "it would beat a titfuck, wouldn't it?" And then she did something incredible to my 42-year-old mind: she shook her shoulders slightly, letting her little breasts jiggle before my increasingly lustful gaze. A long finger hooked her bodice, just for a moment, tugging it down with a casual twitch. "I doubt you'd get much out of doing anything with these little zits I've got on my chest."
"Oh, on the contrary." I'd been right; she wanted me to look, to notice her body. I wasn't sure what I'd expected tonight, but it wasn't this. I let my eyes bore straight down her top this time, and she remained leaning forward with her upper arms squeezed tight against her ribs. Her cleavage deepened like a gorge during a flash flood; the effect was incredibly alluring, and I wasn't surprised. This woman had years of experience making the most of what she had. I hoped my voice would come out in a suave, controlled way instead of the adolescent squeak I was afraid of. I assumed a mock-stern expression and hoped the waiter wasn't within earshot. "I'd be honored to titfuck you."
Somehow, I squeezed the line out with enough gravitas to be funny, and she smiled radiantly; I was reminded of days long ago, days when my wife was thinner and I was still interested in sleeping with her. There really is nothing like making a desirable woman laugh. Hers was light, airy, with a slight snort from her upturned little ski-jump of a nose. The crinkles on the edges of her eyes made me smile in a way that must have seemed proprietary, but she didn't seem to mind. She stuck her tongue out at me, just a slight hint of pink, and then nodded over my shoulder. "Food's here, Chris."
* * *
She took my hand as we left the restaurant. I sensed impulsiveness in that, but I didn't think she did it without some calculation. She'd made up her mind at some point during the meal that she wanted to touch me; the only question was when. I looked down at her, feeling a heady rush of pride that such a lovely lady was walking down the touristy main street of East Adams, so safely far from my life in Seabourne, and I gave her cool thin hand a squeeze.
We'd killed the wine, naturally, with a really excellent pair of steaks au poivre, hers with zucchini and mine with potatoes. We said nothing as we crossed the front of the restaurant, headed down the sidewalk. "Want to walk for a little bit?" I asked her.
"I'd love to." She drew closer to me as we passed a hobby shop, long closed, the balmy summer evening only slightly thick and humid. "Nothing quite like an after-dinner stroll with a sexy new friend."
"Oho!" The wine gave me a quick smile. "Sexy? I think not."
"I'll tell you a secret, if you want." Her tall, thin body was pressed against my arm, so different from the woman I'd been touching over the past nineteen years.
"I want." I found my hand untangling from her fingers, my arm sliding across the curve of her back, pulling her close. We walked in step. "I like secrets."
"You might like this one," she agreed. She rested her head against my shoulder, just briefly. "Kaylen thinks you're hot."
I felt another surge of pride, this one different; it was one thing to have a classy woman by your side, and another to have a smoldering sexual tornado like Kaylen Rapp find you attractive. "She told you that?"
Vickie nodded. "We spent hours discussing you the other day, after we saw you on the beach." She sighed as she settled against my side. "They're both pretty taken with you, actually. They say a lot of your students find you hot. Does that surprise you?"
Yup. "Not at all," I flirted. "I have that effect on all women." She laughed her airy little laugh. I thought about what to say next. "I'm surprised they let you out with me."
"They didn't." She slapped me gently on the chest. "I wanted to." We strolled in silence for another minute or two, passing the parking lot without even looking at the car. "What are you thinking, Chris?"
At the moment? I was trying not to get an erection. "I'm thinking," I said quietly, "that I'm going to get that hug tonight, after all."
She laughed again, and this time her own arm came up to rub my back. "The girls were right," she sighed. "Funny and sexy." That, of course, did nothing to tamp down my hard-on. I felt like a college sophomore, giddy with first-date excitement. My family was the furthest thing from my mind. She nodded against my shoulder. "Yeah, you'll get your hug. At least."
My mouth went dry. "A peck on the cheek, maybe?"
"Maybe." She giggled. "Maybe not. What, are you planning ahead here, or is the date already over?"
I glanced down at my watch. Only 7:45. "I hope not," I admitted. "I've got no idea what else to do, though. I don't really know East Adams at all." I made a show of glancing around: people scattered up and down the sidewalks, the occasional car, a bank across the street with its ATM aglow. I guessed. "Coffee?"
"Mm, no. I'd be up all night." She was still plastered to my side, and to be honest it was a little difficult to walk like that.
"Dessert?"
"Shit. You see the size of that steak? I'm full, Chris. I can only hold so much." Her thumb was rubbing softly along my arm.
"Huh. Well, then, yes. I guess the date is over."
"Cool. So I can hug you now?" I heard the smile in her voice, and my mind shut off as we turned casually, easily, naturally toward each other, right there in front of a closed music store, and our arms went up and around each other. My hands wound up at her lower back, right where her ass began, while hers went up under my armpits and around each shoulder, clasping me, her body pressed tightly to me with no hint of awkwardness. She wasn't holding back. "Mmm," she sighed into my chest, but not very far down; she was a tall girl. I wondered vaguely, in a senior prom sort of way, whether she could feel my erection; thank God it was pointing up.
I found my nose full of her hair, my thumb running along the base of her spine through the thin summer dress. "So," I began, my voice strained, "what did we decide? Am I giving, or receiving?"
"We didn't decide," she said breezily, and we both leaned comfortably back into each other's arms, making space, and then I was moving in with my eyes open and aiming for her mouth. It had been a shamefully long time since I'd had a real kiss, a proper one, with passion and feeling and tongue. And it had been decades since I'd kissed anyone but my wife.
Vickie's lips were warm and strong and slippery, tasting of lust and lip balm, and they opened with lazy self-assurance as I crashed into her. I was gone, overwhelmed, completely swept away by what we were doing; I speared my tongue blindly past her teeth and felt hers, thick and vibrant, wrapping around mine. I heard myself groan as her hands tightened surely and confidently around my back. Her whole body seemed to vibrate against me, hot and young and alive as I felt her nose brush my cheek.
A kiss gets awkward after awhile, usually a matter of seconds, but neither of us was all that interested in stopping. I became dimly aware of another couple giggling as they walked past, and I found myself hoping vaguely that we didn't really look like an old man and a young girl. Certainly I didn't feel old; her firm body in my arms didn't feel all that young, either.
We broke it off at last, both of us breathing deeply and with saliva smeared across our chins, and she leaned back again and smiled up at me. "I guess you'll be wanting anal now?"
"Jesus!" I laughed hard and wondered why I hadn't done this kind of thing sooner, but Vickie's body made no effort to back away and her mouth was rising toward mine once more, and there didn't seem to be anything left to do but kiss her again.
* * *
We were quiet as I drove her back toward Seaborne, her hand lightly resting on top of mine on the center console of my truck. It wasn't a strained, nervy silence either; we just didn't seem to feel the need to talk as the darkening trees flew by, the sky finally going navy-blue. The moon was already out. I was very conscious of her legs poking out of the bottom of her sundress, the feel of her strong fingers, and the memory of her lips.
Ten miles outside town, she glanced casually over her shoulder. "Huh. You've got a backseat."
"Well, I had to get one once the kids were born," I explained. It seemed a weird observation from her. "They just make the bed shorter, charge an extra ten thousand or so, and you've got a place to put your carseat."
"Thanks Chris, but I don't need to hear your life story." She was smirking again. "Backseats can be good to have on first dates..." There was something there in the back of her voice, something playful and excited and altogether wicked. I tightened my other hand on the steering wheel. If I was being honest with myself, I knew exactly what she meant, but I still didn't want to admit it. It seemed too wild, too improbable, too wrong. "Don't tell me you never took a girl into the backseat," she purred.
"Well, you know." I kept my eyes on the road, my penis once more reminding me it was there. "I was a normal, red-blooded American male. I always did enjoy making out," I confessed.
She paused, her hand still squeezing mine gently, surely. I saw her head move in the dusk of the passenger seat, glancing out at the trees. "I'm game if you are," she shrugged. "I mean, if it's not too weird. If you don't want the date to end yet."
"I don't want the date to end yet," I told her immediately.
"Me neither." She was smiling now. "You should find a place to park, Chris." I gulped, the trees on either side swallowing my headlights. "Sooner, rather than later," she went on calmly. Her hand was tight on top of mine. "We've got to get you home at a decent hour, after all."
"I can't believe this," I admitted, not even ashamed to say it. Vickie had been impressing me all night with her maturity and her poise; she knew what I was getting myself into. She proved it.
"We don't need to do anything, Chris," she said hastily. "I don't want to trigger a existential disaster, here. I've had a great time already; I'd love to do a little nookie, but not if you're uncomfortable."
My God. I twisted my hand around, clawing up at hers, and gripped it fiercely. "I think I can pull off the road up here," I muttered, and her answering squeeze was more than welcome.
I got the truck stopped and the lights off as quickly as possible, pulling as far off the pavement as I dared. This was just a state highway, without formal pull-offs or rest stops, but I was able to get in tight to the trees. She spent the time twisting casually around to assess the condition of the backseat, scanning carefully. "Chris," she said at last, around the time I got the ignition off, "do you know your backseat is a filthy fucking mess?"
"Of course." Three kids spent much of their time back there; it was a wasteland of books, little toys, booster seats, and food trash. I'd have cleared it out beforehand, but I hadn't wanted to make my wife suspicious. "I never hang out back there, Vickie; it's not like I keep it neat for company." I was lowering the windows to the gentle summer breeze.
"Well, maybe now you will," she pointed out. She was surveying her surroundings, looking thoughtfully down at the center console. "We could just stay up here and see what we can do," she mused doubtfully. "It's not the worst place I've gotten it on."
I felt obscurely ashamed. "Sorry, Vickie."
She shrugged, confident. "I really want to do this, and I'm sure you want the same. I'm sure we'll somehow find a way..." She leaned toward me as she finished, a single car blew past on the road, and I moved in. For a moment all I knew was the apprehension in my brain, the adrenaline in my heart, and the smell of her hair before I felt her fingers on the back of my head and her mouth on mine.
At once I knew I was overpowered. Vickie was young and gorgeous and, obviously, in excellent practice for this kind of thing. Me? It had been ten years, at least, since I'd made out with anyone, probably twenty or more since I'd done so in a car. She came at me with smooth, controlled aggression, her long body curving over the center console as I started to hear smacking noises from our lips and tongues; I was way behind, still with my seatbelt on, my penis already rock-hard. One hand fumbled for the seatbelt button while the other, with a mind of its own, flapped blindly up to make contact with whatever part of her firm body it could find.
She surprised me with a low, fervent moan into my mouth, her tongue tracing nimbly up and down my teeth, when I somehow found her ribcage under my fingers with my thumb prodding for her nipple beneath the sundress. Her head backed away from mine in an explosion of saliva and she arched her back, searching for a way to drag at least one leg over to my side. In the dim moonlight I caught a glimpse of smooth thighs as her dress rode up.
"Fucking console," she grated, and I was amazed at how annoyed she sounded. I wasn't used to being desired.
"Here..." The seatbelt had come free at last, and I was able to disconnect my left hand from her body long enough to fumble down beside the door for the recliner lever. I found it and jerked desperately upward. She had just moved in on me again, leading with her open mouth, when the seat gave out and dropped me harshly back out of her range, and with a delightful little squawk she fell down onto my chest. "Better?" I was already nosing around underneath her head as she tried to get her bearings back, searching for another kiss.
"Oh yes," she giggled, and she met me with her lips and her hands and, at last, her leg, scrambling across the cupholders with a gritty sigh of relief. I was slurping hard and nastily, my whole face coated with our spit as we breathed into each other's faces. I felt deft, clingy hands burrowing under the Cuban shirt, touching the sweaty skin of my sides and back, feathering along my belly, and in desperation I tried to keep up. Her body was firm and strong and impossibly alive under my fingertips as they skated over her dress, feeling the subtle ridges of her bra and, lower down, her panties as I at long last got a hand onto the smooth, rich curve of her ass.
"Mmm." I caught a smirk in the dark as she backed off again, now finally on top of me in the seat as I lay back and gazed up at her. Our wild thrashing had gotten her legs spread incredibly wide, one knee wedged between my thigh and the door while the other was still thrown over the console. The sundress, forgotten, was now bunched high above her straining hipbones. "Do you like that?" she groaned as my hands explored, for the first time in almost two decades, a new buttcheek. She wasn't wearing a thong; I felt satin beneath my palm. "Do you like my body?" Her fingers never stopped, lifting my shirt up under my armpits to tickle my chest.
"You're so sexy," I understated, completely overwhelmed. "I can't believe this."
"You ought to," she whispered, nibbling at my ear. I rolled my eyes downward along her rhythmically rolling hips, seeing the long muscles rippling along her thighs, the dark shadow where the height of the console wouldn't let her vagina make contact with my aching erection. I was glad of that, at least; I figured any contact down there would leave me with a humiliating stain in my pants in very short order. "It's happening, Chris."
"You're amazing." I was babbling, both hands resting now along the smooth skin at the tops of her thighs. "Thank you."
"Don't thank me," she giggled, her voice high and excited. "I haven't even done anything yet." She let her hands crawl along my stomach then, finding skin and hair; instinct made me suck my belly in away from my waistband. "Though I think you want me to..."
"Oh Jesus," I whispered. Her fingers burrowed down along my abs, snaked past my belt, and dug both her hands straight down the front of my pants. I wasn't embarrassed by what she'd find; I've watched enough porn to know I'm pretty good-sized, and of course she'd know by now what she'd done to me. But still, there was a magic moment, an open-mouthed sigh, when her fingers fumbled around my sweaty shaft, pulsing in her hands like a firehose.
"Ooh!" She snickered. "You're a big one! I couldn't tell in your running shorts at the beach, but I was looking," she confessed. Her hands gripped me firmly, not even rubbing me. "You're so hard," she marveled.
"Shit." My belt dug into my back but at that point I wasn't really thinking much about that; I craned upward for another kiss, and Vickie obliged with great enthusiasm. More smacking, more spit, our breaths now deep and ragged. "Is this how kids make out on a first date?" I managed, proud of myself for saying anything but random grunts. She licked gently at my lips.
"No, actually," she said, her voice huskier now from an inch away. Her fingers had begun moving at last; constricted by my pants, they made tiny little stroking motions along my shaft, carefully avoiding the head. "I told you earlier, Chris. These days, it's all blowjobs, titfucks, or anal." She laughed then. "You need to get with the program here, old man."
I felt my mouth flop open. "Oh," I said lamely. "I thought you were joking."
"Only a little bit." Little nibbly kisses, all along my jaw, while her body moved sensuously across mine. "To tell the truth, I haven't actually heard of anyone doing anal on the first date." She pulled back and looked down at me thoughtfully, then came to a decision and pulled her hands abruptly out of my pants. Another car cruised past outside. "Open the door," she demanded. "A girl needs room to work."
I was completely unable to disobey even if I'd wanted to. I groped for the door handle while she maneuvered herself back over toward the passenger seat, smoothing her dress ineffectually over her lean body. When I stepped out into the night, my trousers ridiculously tented, I heard her door slam on the far side. "Get over here, Chris," she urged. "We probably shouldn't do this right by the road." There was a playful challenge in her voice.
I arrived in a furtive stumble. I'd parked in a grassy spot at least, with gravel crunching here and there beneath the green, and only a smattering of houselights visible far off through the dark trees. She was already kneeling, studying the ground to make sure she was keeping her dress out of the grass; I came upon her straight-backed and perfect, her face full of mischief in the moonlight. "What if somebody comes past?" I asked, hearing the excitement in my own voice.
She giggled. "That's exactly what's going to happen," she drawled. "You're going to cum... past my lips." She grinned, her teeth flashing. "Get over here, Chris."
I moved with a strange sense of dissociation, almost as if I was floating above myself watching. I tried for a casual saunter, but that's hard to do when you're trying to fumble with a belt buckle. "Give me a sec," I whined; my fly was stuck.
"Pull it out." There was no concealing the urgency in her voice. She had her arms up, doing her hair into a hasty ponytail. "When's the last time you got a blowjob, Chris?" There was an effortless sexuality to her voice. I thought about it as my pants at last came open.
"Shit." I shook my head. "Decades?" She gasped. "A long time, Vickie." I was surprised I was able to control my voice that much. I began unbuttoning my shirt as I stopped in front of her.
"That's just not right," she mused. I felt her hands on the front of my thighs. "You're a very attractive man, Chris. That's a real shame." She got her fingers around the waistband and pulled my pants and boxers comfortably down around my knees. My dick flew out like a drawbridge. She smiled, then looked up at me. "I'll just be a few minutes down here, sir; try to cope." I felt silky fingers tracing my veins and ridges, flicking at my balls. "I didn't used to give very good head, Chris. I've been trying to improve."
"Uhh, okay," I answered, as dulled by lust as if I were a kid on his first date, and then she was leaning forward, her mouth was opening, and I felt an intense wash of hot, humid breath tickling my head before she took me in. "Shit." I'm ashamed to say my legs nearly buckled right away; it felt incredible, her lips and tongue smothering me from all sides at the same time, her jaw wide, her staring eyes meeting mine as I looked down in disbelief. She got me about half way in, rolling her tongue wetly along the bottom of my shaft, and then she backed slowly out; I saw the moonlight glisten on her spit as my dick emerged, inch by inch, from Vickie's smiling mouth.
"You taste good," she said quietly, and then I felt her sure fingers on my balls, tugging rhythmically. "Like a man should." She inhaled me again, and I leaned far back against the side of the truck; this time, I felt her throat twitching and fluttering along my head while her tongue wrapped around my shaft, the saliva running freely down her chin. I heard gagging and smacking, felt the tickle of fingernails behind my balls, and then instinct took over and her ponytail was in my hands and I was thrusting forward, just a little. "How am I doing?"
I assumed I'd be good for thirty, maybe forty-five seconds of this. I did nothing but pant.
Vickie knew that, though, and was gentle after that initial pulse of her throat, backing off me and contenting herself with light, gentle licks across my pisshole. Her fingers at my crotch and scrotum never stopped moving, but there was no more power-sucking, no more of the supreme intensity which I'd barely been able to weather at first. "Holy shit, Vickie," I muttered. "This is..."
She trailed a string of saliva off my penis as she leaned back. "I know," she said calmly. "No need for words, Chris. Just enjoy me." And then she was back on me, her lips a dainty O shape around my head, her tongue flickering like a wet feather, and all at once headlights were coming from behind.
There was something about those lights, about their speed and shape, and both of us came to the same realization at once. "Cops," we both said, me with a sense of urgency, her with a sense of disappointment; my wet cock was still in her hand as she glanced up. "Better zip up," she advised, and no sooner had I gotten myself reassembled than the car slowed down, the spotlight flashed toward my drivers' side mirror, and the brakes squeaked slightly with the jumbled backing sound of a police radio.
We waited frozen for a few seconds, and then I crept carefully to the side and rested my hands against the edge of the truck bed. Behind me, Vickie melted into the dark, staying low and moving around to the front of the truck; she knew a sudden move would only attract attention.
The police officer who emerged from the drivers' side door was alone, a short figure bulked out by the vest and the utility belt, her hair pulled back in a severe braid beneath her cop hat. She loomed toward us in the shadow of the spotlight, her hand on her gun. "You okay?" Her voice was not concerned, just cynical. "Kinda late out here."
"Uh, yeah officer," I stammered, making sure to stay as frozen as possible. She turned on a flashlight and examined me; I wondered whether I was still pitching a tent. "We're just, uh..."
"I'm peeing, officer." That was Vickie, rising up from in front of the grille, and the cop's flashlight moved slowly to cover her. Vickie was brushing at her dress. "I'm sorry, ma'am; I just couldn't wait. My dad pulled over so I could go." I heard the swish of grass and the crunch of gravel as she came slowly around.
The flashlight moved back and forth like a laser sight deciding who to shoot first. "You're shirt's buttoned wrong," the cop said flatly. "You guys have ID on you?"
"Of -- of course." I dug around in my back pocket, the pants drooping; I hadn't been able to get the belt pulled tight. I felt Vickie stretch her lean body beside me, reaching through the window for her purse. "We're sorry, officer."
"Huh." She plainly did not believe our story. "You should really have your hazard flashers on while you're pulled over." She examined the licenses to the soundtrack of the muffled radio, then shone it back in my face. "Been drinking, sir?"
"Just a glass of wine," I lied; it had been two or three. I felt myself flush, but apparently I kept my voice steady enough; the cop looked back over the IDs, scraping at Vickie's with her thumbnail. It was from out of state.
"This your dad?" she asked doubtfully. We saw where she was going with this, and my voice stayed smooth as I replied.
"Vickie lives with her mother," I shrugged. "She's just visiting me here."
"I come out every summer," she put in helpfully. She hugged my arm. "Or he comes."
Jesus Christ.
The cop debated with herself for a moment or two more; she clearly knew we were lying, but was trying to decide whether it was worth her while to hassle us further. She fanned herself briefly with the two licenses, then turned to Vickie. She looked oddly at the sloppy ponytail. "Miss, you know you can't just urinate on the roadside. You know that's a bad idea."
"I'm sorry, ma'am; I know." I squinted. The cop was not unattractive. "Dad said I shouldn't, but I kind of threw a hissy fit."
"Did you." The cop sighed and handed back our licenses. "Well. You really shouldn't urinate in public, miss," she repeated slowly, "andyoureally should put on your flashers when you pull over."
"Yes, officer," we replied in unison, soldierlike. She nodded and rolled her eyes.
"Yeah. Whatever. Y'all drive safely." She switched off the flashlight at last. "I'll just block traffic for you, so you can get back on the road okay," she went on pointedly. There was no traffic for miles, but I wasn't about to argue. She nodded and began to walk away.
"Thanks, officer," I said, relieved, and Vickie squeezed my arm. She was grinning when I glanced over.
"Sure." The cop stopped, silhouetted, and then half-turned. "Oh, and miss? You've got dirt all over your knees," she added dully. "Better take care of that."
"Oh." Vickie sounded like she was about to laugh. "I'll make sure to be more careful, ma'am."
"Yup." The spotlight switched off, the blue lights came lazily to life, and Vickie and I traded a skeptical glance.
"Well," she muttered as I opened up the door for her, "that kind of kills the mood, I'd say. Dad." She chuckled, and I hoped the cop didn't notice me checking out Vickie's ass as I helped her up into the truck. "My knees," she scoffed. "Fucking ugly, cockblocking bitch. Is there anything sadder," she asked me in disdain, "than a jealous woman?" She shook her head, glaring through her mirror as the police officer followed us all the way back toward Seaborne.
* * *
It occurred to me, as I crept past my wife and her game of computer solitaire, past my kids' bedrooms, to scrub Vickie's gummed, dried saliva surreptitiously off my cock, that I'd done something horrible, something I couldn't come back from. I should have felt guilty about that, but no.
All I was thinking about was how great it would have felt to have had sly, lean Vickie's swallow my semen.
* * *
I hiked up the busy, hilly little street that cut through downtown Seaborne, feeling the humid sun beating on me like a sledgehammer, the sweat ruining my t-shirt. I get that it's summer, but does it really have to be so goddamn hot? I'd just spent a few hours lugging boxes out of my truck, getting all of last year's shit out of my basement and back up into my classroom. I'd hung my posters, pinned up my class rules, gotten the desks moved like I wanted them. I'd caught up with some of the other earlybirds, there on the same mission I was; the first day of school was ten days off now, and my God was I ready.
I was jumping out of my skin at home. My kids were running me ragged, I was bored as fuck, and I was still thinking vaguely, secretly, wildly, about meeting up with Vickie again.
So I was already hot and tired as I shuffled up to the locally famous Harborside Book and Tea, the B&T, where everyone in town met. There was a large cold-brew coffee in my immediate future, and I'd been looking forward to it for hours.
Gretchen grinned from behind the counter, knowing already what I'd order, and with a general wave to the other customers I took a seat heavily, groaning as I looked out the window. The seats underneath the ceiling fans were, of course, taken, but the B&T's ancient and wheezy air conditioning was doing its best, and I slowly recuperated.
Still, the sweat was clammy on my back as bouncy little Gretchen brought my large coffee, black and bitter and exactly what I needed. A woman at a nearby table, back by the bathrooms, eyed me with amusement as I drained a quarter of the cup in one convulsive gulp. I was still feeling the cold coffee filter through my body, spreading cool fire into my stomach, when the little bell at the door twinkled and in strode Alicia Romano.
Of course.
She was dressed in what my wife callsloose tightness, that odd and mysterious mix of clothing a few females can pull off so well. At a glance, she looked conservative and flowy on such a nice summer day: nice flipflops, shorts maybe three inches down from her crotch, a light shirt unbuttoned over a tanktop, fluttering like the flags of an advancing army. All cute, all offhand, allloose.
But look closer, and the tightness emerged. It showed in all the places her outstanding young body looked its best: the shorts seemed painted over the sublime cheeks of her butt, the denim nearly skintight over her vagina. Above winked a strip, just a thin one, of tanned flesh where the shorts were slightly low and the tanktop slightly high, a twinkle of gold at her navel. And further up, just above the innocently wrinkled tanktop, the fabric swelled out grand and glorious over her breasts, the lines of a lacy bra clear and prominent underneath.
She beamed vaguely around the little caf, her smile huge, taking no apparent notice of me. She and Gretchen lingered over her order, gossiping, and the entire time I was looking moodily at her legs and remembering how she looked in that two-piece the other day, lounging beside Vickie.
Vickie. Fuck.
It occurred to me later than it should have: Alicia would know about Vickie and I and our backseat adventures. It seemed pretty obvious to me that those three wouldn't keep a secret like that; they'd been practically finishing each other's sentences on the beach that day, even though Vickie had told me they'd only met a week before. I had a sudden dark vision of the three of them sitting around a sticky institutional coffee table, fruity beverages in hand, giggling about the size of my penis and the emerging patch of white hair in the center of my chest.
I took another deep, deep sip and stared out the window, hoping that she either wouldn't notice me (inconceivable) or that she was busy, and would take her drink to go. Which was why my heart sank so fast and far as I heard the shuffle of her thin leather flipflops headed my way.
"Mind if I sit here, Mr Wolfe?" Her voice was lilting, saucy, just as it had been at the beach. I had a flash image of tanned cleavage, then forced a smile as I stirred and turned toward her. "Just for a few minutes, until Gretch gets my coffee done?"
"Hi, Alicia?" I was careful to put it out there as a question, mostly for the benefit of the rest of the customers. Sixteen years I've been teaching in this town; I was known, and I was often unsure of my alums' names. Not much of a reputation, but I didn't need gossip. "Alicia Romano, right?"
She smiled in a patronizing way, showing me she understood my charade, and I felt dirty. "Sure! From three or four years ago." She remained standing, plainly expecting a hug. "It's so nice to see you! Again!"
People were watching.
I dragged myself unwillingly out of my seat. Ordinarily the idea of giving Alicia Romano a hug would have left me panting and erect; now, I felt like I was being used, playing a role, and it felt icky. Plus, I stank. "Good to see you." I clasped her in perhaps the hastiest embrace I could manage, a hug from the shoulders up, my arm lank and gross across her shoulderblades. Her hair smelled strongly of roses, her body warm and firm against me, and I pulled away as quickly as I could.
"Huh! So quick with the hug," she said with an air of quiet mockery as she pulled out the old caned seat. Her voice was fairly quiet, thank God. "You gave Vickie a better one the other night, I heard." She settled gracefully into the creaky chair, her whole body slim and lithe and perfect. "East Adams, wasn't it?"
Holy fuck. What was she doing? I stared hard into her hazel eyes, wide with joy as she turned that gorgeous face toward me. I glanced around, worried, and when I answered my voice was low and sullen. "I'm stinky and tired," I declared.
"Pfft." The raspberry came out in a spray of saliva; even that seemed elegant. God, this girl! "There's no excuse to give a half-assed hug."
"What is this, Alicia?" I was hissing right away, praying I wouldn't draw attention as I glared over at her. "What are you doing?"
She sat back and crossed her arms, a frame for her breasts. Her whole being screamed amusement. "What?" She blinked innocently. "I heard all about it from Vickie." She looked up with a gracious smile as Gretchen came over with something whipped and chocolatey. "Thanks so much, honey!" she gushed, her smile warm and genuine, and Gretchen's canny little eyes flickered between us as she delivered the drink. "You're a doll."
"Thanks!" Gretchen blew Alicia an air kiss, and her short legs were still carrying her away as I leaned in and whispered in outrage.
"We can't talk about this here!"
"About what?" She sat back again, peeling the paper from her straw with satisfied deliberation. Her hazel eyes showed intense glee. "About you and Vick? She had a great time."
"You know we can't." I flicked my head urgently toward the rest of the room. "I'm married," I choked out at last, the last refuge of a man who's in a very awkward public spot.
"Hmm." She rammed the straw coolly through the lid and into the cup. "You're saying this isn't something you'd like to discuss here?" She pulled out her phone in its stylish case, checking the screen. "I'm late, if you'd like to walk with me to the Harborway."
And then she got up, winked down at me, and moved toward the door without looking back. Stupid me. Of course I followed her.
* * *
"So, I really didn't mean to embarrass you back there." Alicia sat demurely, both legs glued together, with one forgotten hand up to keep the breeze from making an unsalvageable mess of her wavy hair. It was bullshit, and she knew it. Harborway Park lay right alongside the ocean, where the wind had nothing in its way.
"You don't care about embarrassing me," I replied calmly. She glanced at me, shifty-eyed, and then smiled a twisty little smirk.
"No, actually, you're right. I kind of like embarrassing men." She gnawed at her lip. "Like, what would you do if I grabbed your dick right now? In public?"
"That's not a good idea, Alicia," but I was smiling despite myself, and she was laughing, and once again I was amazed at the girl's self-possession, her maturity. She carried herself more like a grown-up than half the adults I knew. I rubbed at my ridiculous little beard. It felt like the two of us were a couple. I sighed and unwisely abandoned myself to the situation. "Can't say I'd mind, though," I ventured, and her smirk became a grin.
"Ah yes," she gloated. "Keep it down, Chris." She yawned, collecting her whipping hair. "You're not really my type. But Vickie told me you like having it grabbed, is all."
I leaned against the back of the hard bench and glanced automatically left and right. Nobody. "And I'msohappy she blabbed about it."
"Oh, shut up." She swatted at my chest with her free hand and winked. "Bitches talk. About men, about sex, about dicks, about all kinds of stuff." She leaned in, her shirt moving comfortably with her beautiful breasts, and I tried hard not to look. "I meant what I said at the B&T, Chris. She enjoyed it, but there's always room for improvement."
I felt myself blushing. "I've got three kids, Alicia," I pointed out. "Clearly I can handle myself around a woman."
"Ooh! Well, now," she chuckled. "Maybe, if it's sex you're talking about. But there's sex, and then there'ssex. Mind-blowing, fantastic, think-about-it-on-your-deathbed sex." She squinted over her sunglasses at me, her hazel eyes nearly transparently golden. "You're a nice guy, Mr Wolfe. You deserve that kind of sex."
I couldn't resist. "And you can give it to me?" I found myself reaching out and lightly stroking her arm, and she let me with a smile. She brushed her hair behind her ear.
"My my," she purred, her voice deeper, "you're not listening to me, Chris. I told you you'd need to keep it down." Oh, but I wasn't; there was no chance of that, talking about sex with such a fantastic-looking woman. "I also told you you're not my type, honey." She gave me more of her arm anyway, watching my fingers. She thought for a moment, her lips puckered, and then she smiled a deep, secret smile. "Do you want to know if the rumors are true? The ones about me?"
I stopped stroking her, my fingers frozen. This was about Rick Davis. "What rumors would those be?" I asked her evenly.
"The rumors about me fucking Mr Davis," she replied calmly. "I know you've heard them. They were all over the school when it happened."
"Happened." I'd known, I think, but the confirmation was still a little weird.
"Mm-hmm." She was back toying with her hair again. "It was all my fault, of course; he was a nice guy, but not the kind of guy who'd hook up with a student. So I hooked up with him, instead." Her smile softened, went dreamy, like she was remembering a childhood trip to Disneyland. "I kind of forced myself on him, but he was willing. Oh, was he ever willing."
"Was he." My mouth had gone dry. I didn't need to hear about a colleague's sex life, but I badly wanted to hear about Alicia's. "He's married now, you know." I had no idea why I said it, but she wasn't jealous.
"Yes, I've seen her," Alicia shrugged absently. "Molly. A fat woman with a shitty fashion sense. I don't mind." She looked straight at me then. "We all make choices in life, Mr Wolfe. Mr Davis made his choice." She paused, then arched an eyebrow. "But it's okay. Before he committed himself to sweet little Molly, I gave him some of the best pussy he could have ever wanted. So he's really got nothing to complain about."
She looked at me again, but I was silent now. "We spent, I don't know, four months together? Five? Into that summer, anyway."
I raised my eyebrows, impressed. Somehow I'd always imagined it as a greasy, shameful little encounter, never repeated. "Five months?" I whistled.
Her smile was back, crafty now. "And now," she announced, "you're sitting there wondering how many times I fucked him in five whole months. Hmm?" She toyed with me gently, prodding my thigh. "I didn't keep count," she admitted, "but I'll bet he did. We were doing it four, five times a week?" She sighed. "Can I be honest, Mr Wolfe? It may be weird for you to hear, since you work with him." She waited for my nod; I could deny her nothing, and she clearly wanted to tell me. "Most of my ideas about good sex come from Rick Davis."
I was supposed to say something, I realized. "Really," was all I could come up with, said flatly. She examined me closely.
"When Vickie was talking about you," she went on, "I kept thinking of what Mr Davis and I would have done. He and I were amazing together. I mean, part of it was his cock," she shrugged, "which is fucking comically large, but that's only part of it. We just... fit. You know?" No. I didn't. But I could hardly admit that sex with my wife had always been a chore. "Fit perfectly. All along our bodies." She thought about it, staring out to sea. "You know those pornos, Mr Wolfe? Those really, really expensive ones, where both of them are really hot and into it and you just wish you were there?"
I nodded, my mouth ever dryer. I'd obviously never be able to look Rick Davis in the eye, ever again.
"It was like that every time, he and I." She smiled faintly with the memory. "We were up for anything. He doesn't seem very imaginative, but trust me. He can bring it." She hadn't moved her hand from my thigh, and I didn't even realize it until she squeezed it. "That's what I thought about when Vickie was telling us about you. With what I learned from doing Mr Davis, I could turn you into a fucking freak, Chris."
I stared at her. She seemed absolutely serious, like a woman selling life insurance. There was an awkward pause as a kid on a longboard came by, glaring nastily at us as he texted. I cleared a throat gone suddenly thick and hoarse. "Why would you do that, Alicia?"
She turned and watched the slowly rolling kid, her body twisting like a trebuchet under tension, and then swiveled her eyes back toward me hard and fast. "Why not? You're no worse than Mr Davis. If he deserves great sex, you do too." She finally took her hand off my knee, patting it briskly. "I'll need a night next week. The summer's almost over, and none of us will have time for any of this once classes start. Figure out when your wife can let you go, and then let me know." She reached nimbly into my pocket and fished out my phone, tapping at it busily. "There. I'm the contact called 'Cunt.'" She smiled, her perfect teeth bright in the sunlight. "Text me before you come over, and I'll tell you how to get into the suite."
"The suite?" I was confused. She rolled her eyes.
"Where I live. Shit, Chris. What, did you think we'd do this atyourhouse?" She winked. "You're going to come over and party with us, Chris, and when I say party, I actually mean 'fuck.' Because you know how I said you weren't my type?" I nodded stupidly, unsure whether I should be eager or scared. She swooped in, and suddenly I could smell her thick hair all around me as the summer breeze flogged at it. Her mouth was right up next to my ear, her whisper fierce. "I've got a boyfriend right now, anyway. But Kaylen's going to fuck you. And Vickie? Well, she felt guilty about leaving you high and dry, as it were." She backed off, smiling brightly. "Sound like a plan?"
* * *
There was no doubt in my mind, however paranoid it had become, that my wife suspected I was up to something. "What?" I protested, spreading my hands. "Petey and Brett want to do one last end-of-summer fling. I'm just along as the designated driver." I waited with my thumb poised over my phone. "What's better for you? Thursday or Saturday?"
Friday was out; she was going out with a friend of hers, which I was counting on to give me my opportunity to go "party with" Alicia and her friends. I was practically shaking, giddy with pent-up excitement, and it amazed me; just a week ago, I'd never have had any thought that I'd ever really go so far as to cheat on my wife. Now I was all set up to go cavort for an extended evening of carnal collision with two or three willing young women, one of which had had my penis in her mouth just a few days ago. I shrugged. "Come on, hon; this'll be Brett's last big thing. He's not even going to be working with us next year."
She sighed, heavy with doubt, but I knew I'd done it. She wouldn't stop me, and at the moment, that was all I cared about. She cocked an eyebrow at me. "School starts Monday?" I nodded. "Fine. Thursday."
My thumb was already in motion, but it wasn't messing with my calendar app. It was texting Alicia.
* * *
I've never been more self-conscious than the seven or eight minutes I spent walking from the college visitor lot to the door of McWhitttier Hall.
Seaborne High School is a normal, everyday comprehensive secondary school that sends a large number of its graduates to the nearest public college:thiscollege, just one town over. So I kept expecting, quite reasonably, to see scads of my own former students wandering around campus, grinning as they saw me, giving me their usual bubbly little hugs, and asking pointed questions, questions like, "What are you doing here on a Thursday night, Mr Wolfe?"
But thank God my wife had picked Thursday, after all. The coming weekend would be when all the students were moving in, making this the last gasp for summer break. Only a relative handful of students were here, either the kids doing summer sessions like Vickie and Kaylen, or the bored ones who weren't switching rooms. Like Alicia.
But still, I nearly did a combat roll into the nearest bush every time I caught sight of any other person, strolling among the last of the light across the Quad. I didn't really know the school very well, so I'd Googled a map; alas, it was one of those cartoonish maps that parents like, and few of the buildings seemed to be matching up.
And so I wandered, hoping I'd eventually get a glimpse of Alicia; she'd said they'd be down to let me into the building, and I certainly wasn't going to leave without finding the right building, so I was very relieved when, standing there like a doofus studying my map, I finally heard a low whimsical voice call me. "Hi, Chris!"
I whirled, fencer-quick, to see Vickie leaning casually against one of those emergency lightposts, the kind campuses have with the direct line to the police built into them. She wore loose running shorts over her long, smooth legs, with a nice Trashcan Sinatras t-shirt up top. Bare feet. She sucked merrily on a blunt. "What's with the hat?"
I reached up self-consciously; the hat was, of course, a disguise. So were the sunglasses, the carefully nondescript hoodie and cargo shorts, so different from my school clothes; I was hoping any of my alumni would just assume I was some parent, lost while bringing the kids to orientation. I felt my eyes go wide, seeing her; something lurched in my belly, then down in my dick. "Thank God," I muttered. "This place is totally confusing."
"Absolutely," she agreed; of course. She'd only been here a month or so herself. She took a drag, then held the blunt out toward me. "Want any?"
I decided, on impulse, to flirt. "That's not what I want from you." I closed the distance and stood there in front of her, taking her in. My throat felt tight and my whole body was trembling a little with excitement and anticipation; she smiled up at me.
"Well, that's certainly polite. Come here." I stepped into her embrace, felt her arms wrap around me and her legs up against mine; she gave me a kiss on the cheek. "We've got unfinished business, you and I." She broke off and stepped back, carefully Stubbing out the blunt and putting the unused part into a ziploc bag. She winked. "Want me to just blow you right out here, or should I take you in to give you the tour?"
"Oh, I think we should head inside," I shrugged, feeling my mouth ache in a foolish grin.
"Sure thing." She walked casually alongside me, sliding her ID card through a slot to get into the building. "I felt really bad," she admitted, "leaving you with blue balls last week."
"Oh, it wasn't your fault." She steered me toward the elevator. "I blame Officer Friendly."
She smirked. "Still," she went on, nodding at the RA behind the desk, "I could have helped you out anyway. Afterward." The elevator slid open. "I'll do my best to make up for it." She sauntered into the elevator carriage, her hips swaying, and didn't even look as she reached behind her and smacked one of the buttons. I gulped, staring (I'm not ashamed to say it) directly at her butt, and followed her in.
No sooner had the doors shuffled closed behind me than I was behind her, running my hands up her back and across her shoulders, feeling no bra. "Mmm," she preened, arching back against me. "Picking up where we left off, hmm?"
I was on fire, of course, my dick already swelling against her narrow ass as she moved it gently against me, lolling her head back now to rest it against my shoulder. She smiled dreamily. "The girls kick me out to smoke," she murmured, her hands reaching behind her to rest against my legs. "Smoking always makes me horny."
"Sounds fine to me." She stank of sickly-sweet weed, but I didn't care. By now we were on the fourth floor, my hands already moving down to cup her firm little tits; I could look down the front of her body and see her nipples sticking clearly out against the thin shirt. My penis was now fully hard and caged tight between the cheeks of her ass. "Are, uh, are Alicia and Kaylen home?"
"Alicia yes, Kaylen no." She giggled as my fingers crept up under the shirt to tickle her sides. "Soccer practice started last week; she should be home soon. Stop that!" I was manipulating her nipples, skin on skin, my teeth nipping at her neck; I was absolutely out of control. She batted my hands away. "We still have to walk down the hall, and that's going to be hard enough with what you're packing. I don't need rumors spreading about me." The elevator dinged, and she tore herself away. "Not that anyone's getting here until Saturday, really," she breezed, easing out past me and into the hall.
I did my best to tuck my dick up into my waistband, and then skedaddled after her down the fifth-floor hallway. Ahead of me bounded Vickie, skipping down the hall like a girl gathering flowers in a meadow, straight through a wide-open door marked 505.
I took a deep breath. I had no idea what I'd encounter inside, other than one of my gorgeous former students and another young woman desperate to suck my dick. That sort of situation was so, so far outside my experience that I found myself hanging back, nervous, looking everywhere to make sure no other alumni were floating around. And in the end, I think that's what propelled me into Suite 505 with such haste, made me slam the door with such authority: I was desperate not to be seen by anyone I knew.
On the far side of the door was a typical, glossy-white cinderblock kingdom, of the sort familiar to all kinds of college students. Common room with a big TV and shitty institutional furniture; a galley kitchen, looking mostly unused; a hallway at the back, presumably leading to three bedrooms and a bathroom. The place lacked any kind of settled feel, other than the long line of brown alcoholic liquids in bottles tall and thin and fat and short, all ranged along the top of a bookcase.
Ahead of me, Vickie was spinning languidly to collapse onto a chair. "Come sit on the couch, Chris," she urged, and then I was aware of a tall presence beside me, of the smell of roses.
"So glad you could make it, Mr Wolfe." Alicia was speaking slowly and calmly, but with her usual air of capable self-assurance, having just come out of the kitchen with a red plastic cup. She faced me in a thin ribbed white tanktop, tight over her tanned flesh and showing her breasts, impossibly high and firm, with no bra; beneath a wide expanse of bare navel, brown and flat, a pair of extremely tight pastel green boyshorts showed more than her bikini had. "Take your clothes off and stay awhile. Can I get you a drink?" She toasted me with her red cup, the odor of tequila strong on the air.
"Hi, Alicia." I automatically forced myself to focus on her eyes. "I'd love something, thanks. Coke?"
"Sure, dear." She winked and leaned over to set her drink on a functional wooden table. Her body in the tight clothes was absolute perfection. "With rum or whisky? We've got coconut rum..." She wound wavy brunette hair around her teasing finger. "I can make it nice and strong, if you want."
"Uh, sure. Whatever you want to make." I let my eyes slide sideways to where Vickie preened on her chair, playing idly with her nipple through the shirt. "I'll just, uh, go sit."
"You do whatever you want," Alicia leered, and then she was back toward the kitchen, her body moving with a saucy sway, and I swallowed my excitement as I went to sit on the couch. "You're our guest here, and we, Mr Wolfe, are full-service. Nice hat, by the way," she sniggered. I stared after her for a moment; there was no possibility she was wearing underwear. None. The boyshorts were like bodypaint.
"Quit looking at her and come over here," Vickie called out petulantly, and I had to obey. The whole place brought me powerfully back to college: the vaguely funky smell, the sticky carpet, the impermanence everywhere; I felt like a nineteen-year-old again, in more ways than one.
Vickie sat wedged against the shoddy cushion, her leg cocked over the arm of the chair and bouncing back and forth. She was watching me with lively attention, a slight smile creasing her mouth. As I approached, I saw that her running shorts had ridden halfway up her ass; it was clear she wasn't wearing underwear, either.
"Take a seat," Vickie invited. "But first, at some point you'll have to decide how naked you want to get." Her eyes glimmered with mischief, but I was already used to that with her.
"Might as well go all the way," Alicia called helpfully from the kitchenette. I gulped and kept my attention on Vickie, now buffing her nails casually against her boob.
"Just, you know, whatever," she added airily. "But it's going to be kind of hard for me to finish my blowjob if I can't get at your penis, Chris."
"I guess," I chuckled. I was starting to realize it just didn't matter what I wanted, and that there was little point in being embarrassed. Neither of these two, I sensed, was out to get me. So, looking Vickie straight in the eye, I sighed and started to strip down.
"He's doing it!" she called at once into the kitchen. She got both her feet on the ground and leaned attentively forward in the chair, her mouth open slightly. "I've been looking forward to seeing you in the light," she added curiously.
"Cool!" Alicia sounded preoccupied. "How far are you going to go, Mr Wolfe?"
I had my hoodie and my t-shirt off, figuring they'd tease me if I did anything but get totally nude. Besides, they'd seen me in nothing but running shorts; it's not like I needed to be self-conscious anymore about whatever abs I had. "Nice," Vickie snickered as I unzipped my shorts. Weighted down by my keys, wallet, and phone, they plunged down to join my flipflops, which I stepped out of. "Might as well get it overwith," she shrugged, and she was right; the hard, angry reddened head of my dick was already poking out the front of my boxers, so I acted all nonchalant and let them drift down my legs.
"Well." Vickie sat back and crossed her long legs in front of her. She spent several long seconds looking me up and down, a crafty smile growing. "I'm a lucky girl," she eventually decided. "He went all the way, Alicia!"
"Ooh!" The other girl's voice was a trilling song as she hurried from the kitchen with another red cup. "Cool," she observed as she came up from behind me. "I always thought you'd have a nice ass hiding under there." She showed nothing but her usual sprightly smugness as she came to my side and offered me my drink. "Coconut rum and Coke," she announced, looking calmly down to assess my erection. "Jesus. Sit down before you strain something."
All told, she seemed suspiciously comfortable seeing me nude and rampant, but I'd already realized this was going to be one fucked-up evening. I sat gamely on the vaguely smelly couch, sampling what turned out to be a very strong drink. Alicia perched herself on the scratched coffee table. There was a moment or two of awkward silence before Alicia shook her head and assumed an innocent expression. "Well, don't let me stop anything," she urged. "If you two want to get it on, go ahead and get it on." She hunched forward with her own drink in her hand. "Don't mind me."
I looked over at Vickie, but she was already on her feet and swaying over toward me. "You just relax and make yourself comfortable." She giggled and, without much ado, swept her shirt straight off over her head. "I like this shirt," she explained. "Wouldn't do to get it all dirty." Christ, she was fine: firm, tight, muscular, whatever adjective you prefer, she looked exactly as she'd felt when I was holding her. Her nipples on the high little breasts were dark, staring at me. A few feet away, Alicia gave a low whistle.
"Shit. You two aren't shy, are you." She was examining Vickie keenly; she didn't seem to have seen her topless yet.
"Oh, well, as you know," Vickie told her, with a wink at me, "he and I have met before." She reached briefly down into her pants and touched herself thoughtfully before giving an apologetic little shrug. "I'd get naked," she explained, "but I'm on my period, so..." By that time, she'd reached me and placed herself between my knees in a proprietary way, staring down at my dick. "Is that for me?" she asked, all throaty. I was breathing hard, and I was still trying to think of a witty answer when Vickie arched down, her eyes boring into mine, and sank to her knees between my thighs. Her hands came to rest near my hips, the sides of her tits brushing my skin. I gave a ragged sigh. I looked down my body at my cock, rising hard and dark out of my scraggly bush, lewdly foreshortened in front of the slim, pale goddess with the crafty smile.
I heard Alicia go still on the table.
Calmly, familiarly, as if she was doing nothing more special than shaking my hand, she brushed her fingertips up and down my penis and then leaned forward and took it into her mouth. It felt, if anything, even better than before: calm, leisurely, almost relaxing, she began to play, and as the saliva rolled down my shaft I sighed and leaned my head back.
"You guys look like you're enjoying yourselves," Alicia said neutrally. She sat back coolly, propped on her arms with her legs crossed. "Is she good?"
"Shit," I replied, and Alicia laughed indulgently.
"You were always the only teacher that cared about swear words," she said, shaking her head. "You always used to call us out."
"I was younger then," I shrugged. My whole body was tingling. As before, out by my truck, Vickie had started with harsh power and then slowed right down. Now, she was doing flat-tongued popsicle licks from my balls to my head, steady and consistent, her eyes never leaving my face. "It seems different now."
"I'll say." Alicia was watching her roommate's tongue on my cock with a certain clinical detachment. "You're a lot nicer now, I'll say that."
"Come on!" I flopped my head sideways to look at her directly. "I was always nice."
"Well, yeah," she admitted, "but it's different now." She shrugged, her body jiggling sinuously. "Now, you're sitting in my suite, calmly getting your cock sucked. It's... different."
"You're right about that," I agreed, looking back down at the languidly sexy Vickie. She was keeping me on edge, her mouth controlled and her expression slightly mocking. As I watched, she tilted her head gracefully on her long neck so that she could go after my balls. I sighed and shivered at the feel of her warm breath against my skin.
"Oh! Shit! I almost forgot." Alicia bent herself double, reaching down to the funky floor and picking up my shorts. I watched without much interest as she went through the pockets and produced my smartphone. "There we go," she muttered.
"What are you up to?" I asked the question without much worry; Vickie's mouth was taming me very effectively. Even as I asked the question, I felt her wet, spongy tongue lightly rimming my anus. It was very odd, but also very sexy. I covered my surprise with a deep sip of my drink.
"I'm going to film you." She was fiddling with my camera app. "Personal use only, of course; you can do whatever you want with it." She smiled. "I thought you might want a souvenir of your visit with us," she giggled. "We can watch it later. Think of it as film study, like the football team."
"Okay." Vickie was absolutely feasting on me, her spit all over my body, the noises from down there slick and wet and altogether gross. "Ohh, my God," I groaned. I felt my dick getting harder and harder as Vickie added a finger between my balls. Her voice came muffled from my asscrack.
"You like this?" She laughed, vibrating my entire body. Alicia frowned and bent closer.
"Whoa. Is she licking your asshole?" She blinked. "I didn't realize that. Hey, Vick, just keep doing that..." She uncoiled herself from the coffee table, her lovely body crouching on the floor; she lifted my leg to get underneath, for a better angle. "Wow. That's fucking nasty," she said with deep admiration. "I've got a lot to learn from you."
"It's easy," Vickie insisted, pausing. "I had an ex that loved it. It doesn't really taste like shit, either." She did something else, all lips and fingers, causing me to go into spasm. I groaned. "See? You can do that too."
"Wow," Alicia said again. "That's cool." And that was how things were when the door crashed open and Kaylen Rapp came barging in.
I rolled my head sideways again, taking in the cheap metal door and the woman who came striding through it. She shone with sweat, her clothes dark and blotchy with it, the rich smell of a fieldhouse rolling into the suite with her. "Hi, bitches!" she called, kicking the door closed with her foot. I saw long yellow socks up her lower legs, then short athletic shorts and the long, tempting expanse of her sculpted abs. A pink jogging bra contained her massive tits, her face red and shiny under her freckles. Blue eyes glared out in shrewd challenge above twin black smears of eyeblack, and her red hair was struggling to escape from its severe braid.
She stopped short when she saw what was going on, her mouth twisting into a slight pout. "Jesus Christ, Alicia! You started without me?" She frowned, then squinted down at the girls. "You said you didn't even want to blow him."
"I'm not." Alicia's voice carried excitement. "This is all Vickie. I'm just the camerawoman. Dude, she's got her tongue in his ass!"
I'd been busy taking in Kaylen's intimidating body, but the rum was doing its work on my brain just as Vickie was doing her work on my balls. "I'll send you the video when she's done," I put in, taking another drink.
Kaylen's mouth opened wide as she seemed to take me in for the first time, her blue eyes flickering up my body, pausing on my face. "Well, hello Mr Wolfe!" She broke into a wide, predatory grin. "Fancy meeting you here." When she resumed her walk toward our little tableau, she wasn't using a soccer player's pugnacious stride. She was swaying, in full catwalk mode, each step a seduction. "They told me you were coming over." As she got closer, she had eyes for nothing but my penis. "I'd give you a hello hug, but I smell."
She certainly did, of grass and dirt and the sweaty August sun. I shrugged, suppressing another tremble as Vickie slowly and carefully gnawed on my balls. "I don't mind," I said mildly. "You're looking good, Kaylen." She watched me take another drink, and then she was standing right beside me. I felt her sweat on my thigh. She watched us for a few more seconds, thoughtful.
"Huh. Well thanks, Mr Wolfe." She dropped a soaked shirt onto the coffee table and nudged Alicia with her foot. "I need a shower. Vick, you should let him cum soon, so that he can recharge while I'm in there." She grinned again and then looked at my face. "Or you can just come join me in the bathroom, Mr Wolfe. You can wash my back for me, maybe fuck me in the ass; that kind of thing." She snickered, then turned to go. As she was mincing across the living room, she swept the sports bra over her head and the shorts down her sticky legs; I felt my mouth go dry at the sight of her naked body from behind, the strength in her supple back, the perfection of her smoothly moving butt, the fine even taper of her legs; I felt my dick twitch. "Save some for me, Mr Wolfe," she flirted over her shoulder, walking now in nothing but her tall socks.
Alicia was watching my face through the phone, grinning wickedly. "She's a force of nature, huh?"
"A real piece of work," I agreed, my mind still full of her sweaty ass. "She always was."
Alicia gave a dry laugh. "You have no idea. Remember, you're not the first of her teachers she's seen naked." She winked. "Me neither, as you know."
"Or me." Vickie paused in her penile ministrations long enough to sink back on her heels and join in the conversation, keeping me on edge with one hand sliding slowly up and down my shaft and the other lodged in my asshole. "I fucked a former teacher once. It got me fired, but it was so worth it." She bent forward and kissed the tip of my dick. "Older men turn me on, lucky for you."
"Lucky for me," I agreed fervently, taking another swallow of my drink. Alicia got smoothly to her feet, her body sprightly and feline.
"Want a refill?"
"Yes please," I shrugged. I had no idea how late I'd stay, but I figured I had several hours at least before I had to drive home. "It's delicious."
Alicia's smile was broad and genuine. "Glad you like it. Here; keep filming." She pressed my phone into my hand, then spun and moved her pastel, fluid ass into the kitchen. I admit, I enjoyed the sight.
"They're hot," Vickie observed from down below. She frowned. "I'm a little jealous that they know you so well."
"Jesus." This girl had just given me a rimjob, for God's sake. "In some ways, you know me better."
"Well, I guess that's true," she admitted, and then she winked. "My jaw's getting tired. Where do you want to put your cum, Chris?" She asked the question with quiet, confident sexiness, arching her back to let her little breasts, now bright pink, jiggle as much as they could. "Do you want it all over my little titties? Or should I suck it down like a fucking milkshake?" Her finger made a complicated motion inside my butt. "Inquiring minds want to know."
Alicia's voice floated unexpectedly from the kitchen. "It'll make a better video if he shoots it on your chest," she called. "That's what Andre and I found, anyway."
"Andre's her boyfriend," Vickie explained quietly. "He's a fucking hottie. You should hear them at night." She licked me again, root to tip, and then arched over and went on the attack, a final sprint to the finish, her mouth a finely tuned machine calibrated to pull my sperm out as efficiently as possible.
"He's a beast," Alicia confirmed as she returned from the kitchen. She pondered. "Actually, I've got a video somewhere of him and me. That is," she added, with a self-deprecating chuckle, "if you evenwantto see a video of me fucking..." I couldn't believe the strange new world I was living in now, and I shook my head as Vickie sped up her efforts and lashed me with her tongue.
There's no way to describe how odd it was to finish a stupendous blowjob with Alicia Romano plopped down beside me on the couch, watching curiously. She brought two cups, one filled with water, which she placed on the coffee table next to Kaylen's stinky shirt. Then she curled up on the seat just beside me, her warm and barely-dressed body pressing against my right arm while she rested her head on my shoulder, an excellent fit, the two of us watching Vickie's smoothly bobbing head on her graceful neck as though we were out at a movie. On impulse, I threw an arm casually across Alicia's shoulders. She giggled. "You know, you should really get rid of that facial-hair bullshit. Did someone tell you it looked good or something?"
"Yes, actually." My wife.
"Huh." Alicia contemplated me, then shook her head. "Shave it off."
"Okay."
"This is fun," she whispered in my ear, the smell of roses rising from her hair and body, and the end was near now; the girls both felt it in the tightening of my hand on Alicia's bare shoulder, the twitch of my anus around Vickie's invading finger. "I can't believe this."
"Me neither." I heard the breathless strain in my voice, the distance, and then Vickie's finger stabbed up and I was erupting into her mouth, feeling like a solid rod was coming out of my dick. Vickie was up and off me at once, leaning back, her face a wide-eyed mask of desire as she tipped my dick down and aimed it at herself.
"Yeah," Alicia muttered into my ear. "Cum all over that whore." She was trembling within the circle of my arm, and I was trembling with the power of Vickie's mouth, and I gave three or four strangled grunts as I felt the awesome rush of my orgasm, watching myself splatter Vickie's pale bare flesh, seeing pearly white streaks on her nipples, across her lips, in her hair. She ended up panting, flushed, and gorgeous, dripping semen as her hand slowly and calmly tugged on my overworked shaft.
I sighed a shuddering, flighty sigh as I leaned back again, Alicia unraveling herself from beside my body and leaning in to get better footage of my deflating cock in close-up. My balls felt suddenly flat and lifeless to me. I breathed deeply, sipping at my drink, feeling like an absolute lech as I watched Vickie sit down on the floor to give her knees a rest. She wiped absently at where my cum had plastered her chest, licking her fingers curiously. She caught me staring at her. "What?" She smiled, the dimples deep and adventurous. "I think you liked that."
"Worth waiting for," I confirmed. I felt like I was resting on a warm pink cloud, a comfortable mix of alcohol, ejaculation, and the secret dirty satisfaction of seeing a beautiful woman eating my sperm. "Thanks for that."
"You're very welcome." She patted my red, confused shaft gently, watching as it jumped. "Next time, you can fuck me." I just gaped; she'd been very casual about it. "Bring some condoms, though," she added. "I'm not on the pill."
"Um, sure." Alicia winked at me knowingly through the camera, then shut down the recording. She was sitting cross-legged next to me, leaning over my sweating body. I watched as Vickie sprang nimbly to her feet, stretched her cramped legs, and then returned catlike to her chair as though nothing had happened. We all sat there in a weird silence.
"Kaylen should be done in a second," Alicia confided, listening for the shower noise. "Want to watch some TV?"
"Oh no, thanks." I felt like a man at a brothel. I watched curiously as Alicia set my phone down on the coffee table, then picked up her own. "So, like, you're not going to post that video on the internet or anything, are you?" I felt justified in my nervousness.
"The only one who'd do that," Alicia replied absently, "is you. It's on your phone, remember?" Her eyes widened as she found what she was looking for on her own phone. "Ah. Here we are." She pivoted, scooting her butt back against my hip, and lying across me so that she could show me what was on her phone. This put her elbow on my belly, right above the root of my penis and well within the soupy puddle of saliva and semen that Vickie had left; Alicia paid no attention to the slippery mess against her skin. "He's really railing me."
He was. Andre was a massively muscled guy, and I could see most of him except his face; Alicia had filmed the encounter herself, on her hands and knees with her face filling most of the camera frame and wearing a strange, half-lidded look of bliss. "I look like a prostitute," she admitted; her perfect breasts swung rhythmically as she gave herself to what appeared to be a large, capable black man with sharply chiseled abs. "His cock is even better than Mr Davis'," she mused. "He doesn't cum very much, though. And he won't go down on me."
"Dealbreaker," was the flat pronouncement by Vickie, now sipping at the water Alicia had brought and scrolling furiously along on her phone. My semen was already crusty on her skin. On Alicia's phone, I heard her groan sharply, saw her head dip low.
"Oh look. I just came," she explained unnecessarily.Yeah, bitch, came Andre's snarl from the tinny speakers.Work that cock. "He likes to talk," she supplied. We sat in odd, surreal silence, her cuddled up to my nude body as we watched her performance on the little screen, and then the water went off down the hall. "Aha." Alicia patted my inner thigh. "Better head in there. She won't like to be kept waiting. Go get 'em, Mr Wolfe!"
"Let me know if you need anything, stud," Vickie winked.
"I'll be in once you get going, to get it on video," Alicia added. "That way, we can critique you properly." She sat back at last, the absence of her lithe body strangely like a lost tooth in my mouth, and I found myself staring across the room at the hallway I'd seen the naked, sweaty Kaylen disappear into.
I felt strangely nervous, and Alicia saw it. She leaned back toward my ear. "Don't worry about being able to get hard again, Mr Wolfe," she whispered. "I've seen Kaylen in action. It won't be a problem." She gave me a quick peck on the cheek. "Now get going," she commanded, and I passed out of the rose-scented cloud around her head, straightened up, and nodded politely at Vickie as I stepped around the coffee table.
"Whoo!" Vickie squeaked. "Give her hell, Chris." I felt obscurely and oddly like a gladiator headed off to the arena. The hallway, as I passed into it, was a collection of anonymous doors. I assumed the bathroom would be at the end, but Kaylen dispelled whatever uncertainty I had with a loud, melodious call.
"Send him in, Alicia!" I was just about already there when she said it, and as she turned around we arrived at the doorway at the same moment. "Whoops!" she started, giving a little hop backward, and all I could do was stare. I mean, even in class years ago I'd known she was hot; in the flesh, at the prime age of 22, glistening after a shower, she was flat-out unfair.
Her face had never been her most remarkable feature, but the freckles, the tossing waterfall of wavy red hair, the twinkling blue eyes, and the strong and whimsical lips showed her careless, brazen attitude to perfection. It was impossible to imagine Kaylen Rapp doing anything but having a fucking blast out of life, and her face told that part of the story. Her neck, short and powerful, rose from neatly-shaped shoulders speckled with a dusting of faded freckles.
Between, dominating everything that occurred to my lust-riddled brain, her tits screamed at me, high and proud and huge on her strong athlete's chest, with darkly challenging nipples and that shape, that perfect young female shape, that begged for my mouth and my hands; they quivered wonderfully, temptingly, hypnotizing me as they hovered over a powerfully athletic core, her abs sharp and clear under tanned skin.
Below flared her hips, wide and lush and so, so inviting, the kind of hips men were hard-wired to blast their sperm into; you couldn't look at hips like hers without picturing grabbing onto them mid-thrust. In between, her vagina waited bright pink and inflamed, waxed completely bare, symmetrical and even and juicy and inviting, built, cultivated, and maintained to take a man's dick and do amazing things to it. Her legs, fresh now from soccer practice, nearly vibrated with health and fitness, the muscles taut and smooth everywhere.
Alicia had been right. I'd have no trouble at all getting hard enough to fuck this woman. She was absolutely built for sex, top to bottom.
She knew it, too; I could tell by her stance, the set of her mouth, the air of total self-assurance and pride as she displayed her body for me. She quirked her lips in a smile as she returned my inspection, no doubt a lot more disappointed than I was. Still, she came away grinning. "I see you found the right room, Mr Wolfe," she purred.
I swallowed and cleared my throat twice before I trusted myself to speak. "I was worried I wouldn't know which bedroom to go to."
She winked. "Oh, it wouldn't matter," she pointed out, absolutely confident. "Once you're inside me, you won't remember where you are anyway." She turned, giving me a second view of a perfectly symmetrical, juicy ass, and reached calmly for the damp towel she'd used to dry off. It smelled like soap as she flung it toward my chest. "Clean your penis off," she instructed. "I like Vickie, but I prefer a clean slate when I fuck."
"I... yes ma'am." She laughed at that as I stood in a bathroom and swabbed Vickie's spit from my dick for the second time in a week.
"Nice role reversal, Mr Wolfe." She said it in mockery. "Shoe's on the other foot now. Want to play? I can be the teacher, you the student?"
When I replied, it was the rum talking. "I doubt that's what you want."
Her smile faded into something more lustful, more primal. "You're right, actually," she admitted quietly. "You always were pretty smart. Yeah, that's not really my kink. I want to be the student, doing my teacher." She narrowed her eyes. "Want to fuck me, teacher?"
I dropped the towel in a sodden mass, my dick already reviving and on its way up. I still could not believe any of this was real; the light chatter of Vickie and Alicia in the living room, the locker-room stink of the suite, the fact that I should have been spending a quiet Thursday home with my family... all of that seemed faint and far-away beside the awe-inspiring power of Kaylen Rapp's naked body. "Glad to," I was able to blurt out, and she smiled a cruel smile.
"Follow me." She passed me, our bodies brushing matter-of-factly against each other, and she turned back down the hall toward the first door. Her room wasn't unpacked yet, nothing but a pile of boxes and a single bed with tangled sheets, but she swept in as though it were the main room of a palace: she ruled here. I was just along for the ride. "Get on the bed, teacher," she grunted over her shoulder, and I was so busy looking at the movement of her ass, the winking of the little dimples alongside her spine, that I could think of nothing to say. I collapsed among the filthy linens and watched her prepare.
She went quickly to her mirror and tossed her hair around a few times. "I don't suppose you eat pussy, Mr Wolfe?" she asked without much hope. I thought of lying, but I knew she'd figure out at once I had no clue. I shook my head at her in the mirror. "I figured as much," she shrugged. "Married guys usually aren't any good at it, anyway." She spun on her heel and looked at me as though I were her dinner. "No matter," she went on softly. "I won't need much foreplay."
And then she came to me, looking hungry and perfect, and I felt the twinge as my cock rose reliably. She set her knee beside my hip, her hands moving automatically across my belly, toying with the hairs there, and then she moved her head down to shroud mine in a curtain of thick, shampoo-smelling auburn. "I used to want to fuck you, Mr Wolfe, you know that?" She kissed me softly on my chin, my jaw, my cheek. "I'd sit in class and wonder about your penis, how it would feel inside me." She reached my ear, her breath hot and moist as she nibbled. "You gave me a D-plus, remember?"
I remembered she'd been a shitty student, but now was hardly the time to bring that up. I closed my eyes and felt myself drift away under her mesmerizing hands and her feathery hair. "I honestly thought about coming in after school and fucking you for a higher grade, senior year," she murmured, now swaying her body over mine. I felt the graze of her breasts on my chest, the solid warmth of both thighs resting against my ribcage. She was an arch of warm, voluptuous flesh above me, full of subtle delights and intoxicating smells. I felt the dry touch of her lips on mine, a brief kiss. "I still don't know why I didn't do it. You'd have traded sex for an B or even a C-plus, Mr Wolfe, wouldn't you?" Her fingernails now scraped softly across my scrotum, and I shivered despite myself. "I promise, I'd have been worth it."
She was running her tongue slickly along my neck now, on the far side, her hair still everywhere. I lifted my arm as though it was moving through pudding, my hand coming into contact with the smooth skin at the side of her thigh. My left arm reached tentatively to wind my fingers into her hair. "I don't doubt that for a second," I admitted.
"Mr Davis gave me an A," she went on, her body getting closer and closer to mine, her kisses coming faster. "You believe that shit? An A, and I only fucked him once. You?" Her hand found my cock once more, jiggling my balls, tickling at the sensitive flesh behind. "I'd have fucked you all goddamn year, Mr Wolfe."
"Shit," I bit out as my body responded. I was feeling the same kind of vibrant internal hum I'd felt around Vickie, but this one was stronger and more certain: I knew for sure I'd have my dick inside this woman soon, and the anticipation was killing me. "I'd have taken you anytime," I said thickly; I knew it was a lie; I'd never have had sex with a student. But I wanted to believe it, and so did Kaylen.
"Mmm." She was getting into this now, her body moving faster and with greater effort, the undulations very purposeful now. "How many times would you have needed this pussy," she breathed, "for an A-plus?" She took my hand slowly off her hip, then eased it around the front of her body. My fingers felt heat, intense heat, and that special sticky slickness as her vagina got itself ready. "Thispussy," she sighed in my other ear, and then my fingers were swallowed in a generous, squelching messiness, the glorious and mysterious folds of her vagina.
I moved my fingers blindly, instinctively, my thumb thrashing around to find her clit, and then she spread her legs apart and drove her mouth hard against mine, the kiss devouring me; our teeth clashed as I stabbed my tongue desperately up into her mouth. We were both gasping against each other, the saliva rolling everywhere, and by then I had two fingers inside her and a third on the way. Dimly, I was aware she now had her hand wrapped tightly around my dick, spreading my precum up and down as she moved her fingers with well-practiced motions of her wrist. I was as hard as I'd been earlier, harder than I'd been outside my truck on the side of the Adams road, fully ready to take this woman's vagina and turn it into my own.
She pulled her mouth off mine with a sucking, smacking spray, tossing her hair dramatically back, and now I was aware that Alicia had arrived with my phone. She sat perched on the edge of Kaylen's desk, at the edge of my vision, her hand deep inside her boyshorts. "I'm going to ride you, teacher," Kaylen snarled, her body thrashing in a fluid frenzy. "I'm going to ride that cock like I should have ridden it when I was eighteen. Want to look at my ass while I fuck you?"
"Hell yes," I crowed, totally transported, the lewd squelch of our hands on our genitals filling the little room with a fetid stink. "What are you waiting for?" I felt my pulse as it made my dick jump in her hand, and then with one more savage, bruising kiss she was on me, those perfect legs strong as they flexed across my hips, and I was looking at nothing but her ideal, hypnotic ass, the muscles tensing as she rose high to hover over my dick. She still had her fingers wrapped tight around me, and I saw in a flashing eyeblink the perfect line of her perfect buttcrack, aligned with the perfect straightness of my cock, and then she was surrounding me with the lush, wet broth her pussy had become, sinking all the way down until I saw my body hair smashed against the tawny flesh of her ass.
We both made random nonsense syllables, breathy and hot, and I watched as if from another world as Alicia, her mouth wide and her fingers busy, bent low to get a close-up of my balls squashed beneath Kaylen's slit. "Goddamn," Kaylen sighed, and having nothing else to do my trembling hands came to rest against the hot skin of her taut butt. I felt her begin to move beneath my fingers. "Fucking awesome," she murmured, her hips swiveling and pivoting like she was trying to keep two or three hula-hoops going simultaneously, and I just stared in awe.
"Jesus Christ," came a faintly awed moan from Alicia Romano. She stood quickly and shed the boyshorts, forcing them down one-handed, showing a faint line of well-trimmed pubic hair over a gleaming wet vagina. "You guys are amazing." She leaned back against the desk and began to masturbate with clinical competence, something she'd done a million times before.
"Yeah, bitch!" Kaylen leaned back over me, the muscles of her back as perfect and solid as all the rest of her, and twisted her head far around to glance at me. "This feels great, Mr Wolfe."
What could I do but agree? "Damn right," I managed, wincing at the croak in my voice, and then I grabbed blindly around her sides and felt, at last, the flesh of her tits gushing between my fingers as she ground my dickhead against her clit.
Her laugh was breathless and carefree, and we managed to stay in synch like that for about ten or twelve strokes before she straightened up and slowed down, her snaky movements never quite stopping. Her head came back around. "Want me on my knees, teacher?"
"Holy shit." It had been years and years since I'd taken any woman from behind, and even then it hadn't had anywhere near this intensity. "Get down there," I exclaimed, smacking her buttcheek frantically, unable to believe my luck. Kaylen was giggling as she worked herself forward, planting her knees on the mattress and then waiting while I collected my legs and brought myself slowly up behind her.
This, I realized, was what I'd been fantasizing about without even realizing it. Kaylen Rapp, bent before me, her wet slit waiting for my hard penis. Alicia, pumping steadily at herself across the room with her nipples strong and taut behind her tanktop, was a definite bonus, but I really only had eyes for Kaylen as I lined myself up, grabbed hold of those hips I'd wanted to grab hold of for years, and drove myself back inside her.
There was a point, once I had my rhythm established and was really jamming it into her hard, that I realized with a flashing mental alert that the end was going to come pretty soon, was going to do so messily and copiously, right into her tight young snatch. Just as I thought that, she thrashed her upper body off the bed, driving herself back into me, and gasped out a spitting series of curses that, if they didn't mean she was having an orgasm, sure made up an excellent act. I saw Alicia's mouth fall open in frank awe and admiration, saw her glance up from Kaylen to me, and then she was bounding across the room bottomless to get the close-ups she knew she'd want. "Wait till you see this footage, Mr Wolfe," she murmured as she knelt on the mattress beside my surging body. "She just came hard. She's gushing like a storm drain."
I could tell; I was meeting no resistance at all as I fucked her raw, my hips flopping back and forth in a decreasingly controlled rhythm, our thighs slapping loudly with my knuckles pale-white as they gripped her hips, and as Kaylen rode out the last of her orgasm and propped herself proudly back down on her hands, she flicked her hair aside and looked back one more time. I saw admiration and respect in her red face, her smile soft and ethereal. "Fuck me, lover," she urged low and hoarse.
As if I needed to be told; this was all biology now, our bodies on autopilot, my nose dominated by the smells of two orgasmic women and my own summer sweat. I fucked her once, twice, hard enough to lift her knees from the mattress, and then I was driving into her as hard as I possibly could, leaning far over her gleaming body as I shot my load firmly into the back of her vagina. I watched breathless as my sweat and spit dripped onto her surging back, both of us feeling the murky warmth of my cum in her pussy, the sudden change in the volume of the slapping sounds coming from below, the cocktail-stir sound of a man emptying himself into a woman's willing body.
"Goddamn!" One of us said it, or maybe more than one, or maybe all of us; the precocious Vickie, her boobs still out and proud, was standing in the door by that time too. I wondered how long she'd been there, then realized I didn't care. I was proud of myself, exulting in what I'd done, reveling in how well I'd fucked the formidable female specimen now kneeling obediently for my pleasure. We all panted, the fluorescent lighting glowing off skin and sweat and cum, and with a tired sigh Kaylen and I collapsed onto the mattress, spooning naked, my lips finding the back of her neck quite automatically while my hands caressed her nipples.
I was aware when the shitty bed shifted slightly as Alicia slumped down onto it, resting her head casually on the side of my ass with her legs spread and her butt on Kaylen's pillow; Vickie came over a bit more shyly, perching herself on her stomach alongside Alicia with her tiny boobs pressed into the mattress. In a bed so small, maintaining even a pretence of personal space was completely impossible; we twisted and shifted our limbs, naked and otherwise, twining ourselves into a damp, hair-plastered mass, kissing and touching as the evening oozed slowly past.
At some point, I became aware that Vickie's hand was once more busy at my dick, and that Kaylen was playfully licking at the top of my asscrack, and as I lay there and accepted the dragging sensation of their sweaty bodies moving on mine, Alicia crouched at my head. She'd lost her tanktop at some point and now squatted, quite unconsciously nude. "So, I've got two videos saved," she began, sounding competently forceful like my wedding planner so long ago. "Your homework is to go back and watch them, and then we'll set up a time that you can come in and we can discuss your thoughts and have a critique. We can edit it, too."
I blinked at her, my penis slowly, painfully, beginning to rise one more time as the others crawled over me, competing for my body. "Alicia," I groaned, my hand already delving through Kaylen's asscrack, working back into the swampy wonderland between her thighs, "do we have to talk about this now?" Someone cooed nearby
"Oh! Sorry, Mr Wolfe." She stood quickly, the tuft of her pussy hair brushing softly along my shoulder as she rose. "I didn't realize you were busy," she said archly. As she sauntered from the room, her buttcheeks jiggling, she stopped and turned casually. "Want another drink, Mr Wolfe?"
Someone's teeth made gentle, playful contact with my gummy scrotum, and I once more felt that strange sense of powerless lassitude. An anonymous finger found my asshole. The green digits of Kaylen's bedside clock told me I still had a few hours, and my dick was still reinflating. "Sure. Why not?"