Hi. Madam Lisa here. This is a continuation of On the Hunt. Please read it first as it will help you follow this story.
Recap from last night. I found a new sub. Her name is Karen. She agreed to be my sub after only being with me one time. I found out she loves taking orders and is an exhibitionist as well. We also fell asleep nude on my couch with my drapes open. This is where this story begins.
***
It was a bright and sunny Saturday morning. My sub and I were asleep on the couch when I heard someone knocking on my door. Panic set in as I realized the drapes were open and I had nothing to cover up with except my nude sub. The person at the door knock again. This time I heard her call my name. "Lisa, put some clothes on and answer the door." I sigh of relief fell over me when I realized it was my high school friend Donna. I woke sub up a told her to go make us some coffee and went to answer the door.
"So how did it go last night? I want details. Aren't you going to get dresses?" Donna inquired.
"No, I'm not getting dressed. Come in and see for yourself." I replied. I let Donna in and then closed the drapes. "Please, sit down. Let me introduce you."
"Sub, come meet Madam Donna and bring the coffee."
"Yes Ms. Lisa, right away Ma'am."
"Impressive." Donna said with a smile as sub brought in our coffee. "Give us a twirl."
"Stop that Donna, she is my sub not yours." I snapped.
"Sub, have a seat beside me."
"You're no fun." Donna replied.
As we drank our coffee I had sub help me make us all some breakfast. I went ahead and put on my robe, but kept sub naked for now. Important note to self: never cook bacon naked again. I gave sub a long kiss and played with her nipples until they were rock hard. Then I had her serve us breakfast at the table just like a maid. I told her she could not move away from either of us until she was dismissed. I had her serve Donna first. Donna allowed her to put the plates down before she reached up to feel her naked pussy. She slid her fingers inside her and made sub moan with pleasure. Next was my turn. After she put my plate down I had her turn to face me. I ran my tongue across her cleanly shaven lips until she buckled at the knees. I told her to go and get her plate and sit with us at the table.
It was now close to 9 am and time for sub to get ready for work. While sub cleaned up the breakfast dishes Donna and I came up with a few ideas to make subs day interesting. I had her go commando to work and told her she had to keep her dildo in place all day. I would be texting her tasks she had to complete as the day progressed. The dress shop is in a strip mall so Donna and I could drop in anytime during the day without attracting attention. Just before sub left for work I sent her these three texts.
Task number one: Expose your breasts and take a selfie by the employee entrance before clocking in for work. Send pic to me before 11 am.
Task number two: strip nude in dressing room with door open take selfie so that the mirrors show the open door. This can be done anytime today.
Task number three: Bring yourself to the edge of orgasm three times before lunch but do not cum.
"Do you understand you instructions sub?" I asked.
"Yes, Ms Lisa".
"Don't disappoint me." I said as I turned on her vibrator and kissed her good bye.
When she got into her car I turned off the vibrator and went inside for some more coffee and planning with Donna. We decided that we would make it a girls day shopping at the strip mall. They have plenty of stores to look around in including a big box home improvement store along with a chain pet store and a craft store.
I got dressed in my bluejean shorts, red deep V tank with matching red sneakers, commando of course. This allowed me to show off my breast whenever I wanted and still make it seem accidental. Donna is like minded but more conservative. She was wearing a white peasant blouse with a deep V, red knee length skirt, and a shear beige bra and thong.
We made plans to get my new sub some accessories such as a choker and cuffs. We also wanted to push her boundaries a little so see how far she was willing to go.
Our first stop was the pet store. I spotted my first opportunity to show off my breasts. I saw a young man about my age putting large bags of dog food on the shelf. I went over to him and asked where the collars with studs on them were. He told me they were on the next isle and proceeded to take me to them. When we got there he showed be several different ones and I picked out the one I was going to get for sub. I immediately dropped it on the floor and bent over to pick it up allowing my left breast to fall free of my tank top giving him a good look before I put it back into place. I faked embarrassment and apologized. I stayed kneeling on the floor awhile and looked up to see his face. He was blushing and smiling at the same time.
Our next stop was the home improvement store to get some nylon cordage and swivel clips. This time I decided to be bolder. As there are mostly men in this store I decided to flash a group of men instead of just one. I took my time to find the perfect opportunity and found it in the paint department. They have all kinds of things on low shelves with tall narrow isles. I spotted a group of men mostly my age, but there was one who looked to be in his fifties. They all had the same logos on their shirts so I assumed they all worked together. I gave Donna my cell phone so she could video their reaction. I walked up to them asked them to excuse me while I retrieved some cheap paint brushes from the bottom shelf. They smiled a moved back, one actually said he would get them for me. I turned him down politely, bent over and hook the bottom of my tank onto the hook of the rack securing it in place. I grabbed several brushes, making sure I had more than I could carry, then pulled myself backward insuring my top was pulled over my head inside out. This caused me to drop the brushes all over the floor with me now topless with my tank pulled up covering my head. I made sure to turn toward the men's voices, giving them a good long look, as I struggled to pull my top back down. The older one wrapped a cloth tarp around me and told the others to quit starring and pick up the brushes for me. After I got my top back down over my head I thanked the older man and gave him a kiss on the cheek.
Sub failed her first task and had not sent me the selfie I asked for so it was time to go see what went wrong. We went to the dress shop to find her. When we got there it was crowded due to a sidewalk sale they were having. She was at the register out in front of the store waiting on a long line of people. I decided to let her know we were there by tuning on her vibrator. She jumped about a foot off the ground, at least she had followed that instruction. I saw her manager outside helping customers and keeping an eye on things. I turned off the vibrator and picked up a very short, very inappropriate skirt and waited in line to talk to her.
"Weren't you suppose to send me something?" I asked when I got up to her.
"Yes Ms Lisa, I am sorry. I have it right here I will send it to you now." she stammered.
"It's already past noon you are late." I scolded.
"I'm sorry Ms Lisa, how may I make it up to you?" she timidly asked.
"Send it to me now and call me as soon as you go to your lunch break." I ordered.
"Yes Ms Lisa, right away Ma'am." She said nervously. Just then her manager came by so I bought the skirt and left. Donna stayed behind to make sure sub was not in trouble with her boss. I got her selfie about 5 minutes later. In the pic she had removed her dress and was standing beside a co-worker who was also topless.
Now it's Donna turn and time for shoe shopping. I should mention Donna likes men more than women. We drove to the same shoe store I went to yesterday. Donna removed her panties and bra in the car as we drove. With a peasant blouse, she will have to be extra careful not to lets the girls out to early. We had the good fortune to find the store almost empty and my favorite salesman working.
Donna was now searching the isles to find a pair of new pumps. Her size is near the back, the men's shoes are across the back wall. She spotted a good looking older man trying on work shoes. He looked to be about 40. I went up to the front to distract the salesman while she put her plan into action. She sat down across from the man and crossed her leg exposing her pussy while pulling off her shoe. Then she bent over in front of him giving him a good look at her breasts. He took her bait and reached down and grabbed her exposed breast. Donna smiled and whispered something into his ear. He let go, got up, bought his shoes and left as Donna followed behind him to his truck. I went to my car to keep an eye out and watched her give him a blowjob.
Time for lunch. It was now 3 pm and sub called to let me know she was going to lunch at 3:30. I responded by asking her to bring her co-worker if she could. We all met at the pizza place a few doors down from the dress shop. Sub brought her co-worker and introduced her as Maya. We made small talk and ate pizza from the buffet. When Maya left to get seconds I asked sub about her. I was told she is a free spirit and also liked women. The two of them had dated, but her family forbad them from seeing each other. I then asked her if she had edged like I told her. She said she gone to the bathroom and brought herself to the edge three separate times just as I instructed. Then she begged me to let her cum. Just then Maya returned with food and drinks for us all. We continued to make small talk as I steered the conversation toward this mornings selfie. It came around organically as Maya let it slip they had taken a selfie this morning, failing to mention she was topless. I let it slide. After we finished lunch I texted sub to have Maya take the nude of her in the dressing room. Also as punishment she was to edge three more times and not to cum until I allowed it.
Donna and I left the strip mall and went to the adult book store just outside of town. There we picked up some fur lined leather hand and leg cuffs, the type that secure with a padlock. We also bought several padlocks with timers. Before we left the parking lot of the adult bookstore I got subs nude pic standing in the open doorway of the dressing room with Maya in the mirror holding the phone.
I drove Donna back to my place and we parted ways for the evening. Donna made me promise to keep her informed of what happened.
I told sub to invite Maya home tonight. She said that Maya could not make it because she had family diner with her parents, but would be able to come over Monday night. I then told sub she was to drive home nude with the dress in the trunk. I also told her if she made it home in less than thirty minutes after she got off work I would allow her to cum. I hung up and began to unpack my purchases I bought today.
I laid out the cordage, measured and cut them to length. Melted the ends so they would not unravel. I connected the swivel clips and attached them to the cordage. I unpacked and tested the locks to make sure I could work them. I laid out the cuffs, dildo, ball gag, scented candles, and body lotion. Placed everything in a basket in the hall closet. Then I began dinner. I put white wine in the refrigerator, put the roast in the oven, set the rolls out and started on the salad. After I finished the salad I started cooking the potatoes and carrots. I looked up at the clock and saw sub was getting off work in a few minutes.
I sent sub a text saying the garage door will only be open for the next 30 minutes. If you would like to cum tonight I expect to see you before I close the door. Otherwise you must come in the front and you had better be nude. I set my kitchen timer for thirty minutes and finished dinner.
At the twenty two minute mark I heard subs car pull into the garage. I smiled as I saw her stark naked in the drivers seat. I turned on her vibrator and closed the garage door. She got out of the car and I escorted her inside. I presented her with the diner I cooked and told her how proud I was of her. I turned off her vibrator and asked her how the rest of her day went. After diner I had her clean up the diner dishes and asked her if she had edged the three extra times. She said that she had and Maya had caught her. I decided to put this information on hold until Monday when Maya would be here.
Now for the time I had been planning all day. Sub is and has been naked and horny ever sense she left work. Her only clothes are locked in the trunk of her car which is locked in my garage. I also have nude pictures of her at work. Now to build trust. First I showed her the pictures, smiled and told her how pleased I was of her for doing them. I deleted them in front of her explaining that I would not want them falling into the wrong hands. Second, keeping my promise, I have her remove her vibrator and begin to lick her pussy until she is screaming to let her cum. I put on my strap-on, got her on all fours and took her from behind. She came so hard she collapsed on the floor. I massaged her and played with her nipples until she came around then ate her out again.
Now for my time. Sub is naked and totally exhausted from cumming so hard. It's time to bring out my basket of goodies. I slip off her small collar and put on the new bigger collar on. I cuddle with her and let her know I am now putting on the fur lined cuffs. She is groggy but awake enough to agree. I take her to my bed and she helps me by giving me her arms and legs as I ask for them. Now I padlock her arms above her head and cuff her ankles apart via a spreader bar. I put on her ball gag. I wrap the cordage around the bar and pull it tight. I wrap more cordage around her wrist cuffs and pull them tight. I notice she still had too much movement so I went to the garage ad got my come along to tighten the spreader bar and take out any slack she might have. First I get the lube and butt plug. She moans as I gently insert it into her ass. Second I get the body oil and rub it all over her bald pussy and insert the electric vibrator turning on to its lowest setting. She is now moaning with pleasure. I wait for her to start bucking before I continue.
Now that she is bucking I can continue. First I put a clothes pin on each of her nipples and one on her clit. I slowly increase the power on the vibrator and slide it in and out of her pussy. She starts cumming and cumming hard. I finally get her to squirt. I keep this up for the next hour until she passes out. I remove her restraints, vibrator and clothes pins, but left the plug in. I placed a blanket over her, curled up next to her and went to sleep.