Spring Break in Florida is winding down and my friends Alex, Sean and I are just chilling over some beers and recounting of how different the reality of Spring Break has been from the hype. We haven't met any "Girls Gone Wild"; none of us has yet gotten lucky, and aside from some flirting none of us has gotten anywhere with the beach goddesses. We have been here four days already and are thinking we needed to start making up some stories soon so that we could go home without too much shame. We are tired of walking the boardwalk and decide to just chill out tonight at the hotel pool and forget about the girl watching for a night.
It is pushing 10 o'clock as we sit around the pool of our little ma and pa hotel when three girls walk by. My resolve to skip a night on girl watching vanishes; I mean if they are going to come to us, we can hardly pass that up.
"You girls interested in a beer?" I call out.
Instead of blowing me off, to my surprise, they turn our way and stop a second. The leader calls out, "What you got?"
"We have some Heineken, some Bud Light, and some Coronas. Ice cold." I reply.
The buxom brunette, who looks about 5'9", turns to the others and they confer a minute. They appear to be checking us out. Then she answers, "ok, I guess we'll have a beer. You have lime for that Corona."
"Yes ma'am," I reply.
I later add, "I'm Brad and you are?"
"I'm Tanya," she replies.
Tanya has a nice tan and C or D cup breasts; she is a little hippy but well proportioned, has long brunette hair and is pretty cute. As I get her a beer, I furtively size the other girls up. There is a blonde and another brunette. The blonde is thin, with small breasts and just over 5 feet tall but she has a winning smile and is a bit shy. The other girl is a plain Jane brunette and sort of the girl next door type; her glasses make her look like an intellect.
I ask Tanya, "So are you ladies in college or just here for the excitement of Spring Break?"
She replies, "Yeah, we all go to Virginia Tech, in Bleaksburg, Virginia. Where the men are men and the sheep are scared."
I laugh at this and ask, "So who are your friends?"
"This is Heather; she's a junior, English major." Heather is the blonde. "And this is Alicia, she's in plant science." The scientist is the intellect – makes sense.
I ask, "What kind of plant science do they do in Virginia? Are you refining tobacco to get people addicted more quickly or something?"
We make small talk like this for a while and I introduce Sean, my friend with the sandy colored crew cut. Sean knows he has ripped abs and nice legs and likes to show them off at the beach. Sean did cross country running and pole vaulting in high school. My other buddy, Alex, is the dark complected type who always has a stubble of beard. Alex played basketball in high school and has a bit of a temper – sometimes it's fun to mess with him. Both Alex and Sean are close to 6 feet tall. At 6'2", I'm the tallest but I probably weigh about the same and maybe a tad less than Sean. I have straight brown hair.
After chatting for it up for half a beer's worth or so, I suggest that we move the cooler and put our feet into the hot tub which is off to one side behind a concrete hip wall. The night air is beginning to get cool so everyone is game for this idea. We naturally congregate as two distinct groups, girls and guys.
About an hour and two or three more beers later, Alex gets up to use the bathroom. Sean, knowing Alex's temper, gets the smart idea to yank Alex's briefs down.
"Hey! You asshole!" Alex erupts.
Heather shrieks and Tanya calls out, "Nice butt." I hear her mutter under her breath, "not a bad looking dick either."
Alex pulls up his briefs and tries to kick Sean but Sean grabs his foot and nearly throws him off balance.
"How'd you like to have your briefs pulled down, dick head?" Alex slurs.
"I'd love it for the right person, but you're not my type."
"Yeah, fuck you!" Alex snarls.
Tanya looks to Sean and teases, "So who might be your type?"
"I don't know. Why don't we just drop it?" Sean replies.
"Drop the subject or drop your pants, which do you mean?" Tanya prods.
"I mean drop the subject!"
"You're no fun." Tanya states with exaggerated dejection.
"Yeah, Slick, why don't you drop your trunks?" Alex badgers.
"Fuck off." Sean replies.
Tanya says with feigned shock, "Oh, but we barely know you and you use such language with us?"
Sean snarls, "Sorry... You know what I mean."
"I think you should drop your shorts, hotshot, or maybe you'd rather head out back and discuss it privately," Alex threatens.
Sean looks at Alex, and then he looks at me. He pauses and then looks at the girls. He doesn't want to fight but he doesn't really want to be the only one with his pants down. After several tense and silent moments, he says, "ok, but under the water." Then he pulls his trunks down and off and slaps them down beside the hot tub. "Satisfied?!"
Alex picks up the trunks and all of our towels and takes them across the hot tub area at least 30 feet away and over the wall separating the hot tub from the pool area. "That'll work. I'll see you after I take a leak." The bubbling of the Jacuzzi jets prevents anyone from seeing anything but Sean definitely can't get up now without a making a show.
After Alex strides off, Heather says, "That was kind of mean, do you want me to get you your trunks?"
"That would be..."
Tanya bursts in before Sean can finish, "I don't think so, maybe Sean can go get them himself, if he walks real slowly."
Sean turns dark red from embarrassment.
Tanya says, "Hey if you don't want to get them, you could at least stand up and let us see you."
I start to think about what's happening and am starting to get turned on by Tanya's continued interest in seeing cock. Deciding that maybe it wouldn't be such a bad thing for her to see another cock, I pull off my trunks under the water and set them behind me. Then I suggest, "Hey maybe Sean is ashamed of his dick, and I should go to get his shorts."
"Bite me!" Sean explodes.
Tanya adds, "Oh, so Brad is impressed with his package. Why don't you let the experts decide? What do you think ladies?"
Alicia giggles and Heather responds with, "I'm all for that."
Alex walks back from the restroom, and says, "Hell, I go to the can and find Brad without his trunks – that's some f'ed up shit. I should see some bikini bottoms or at least a bra or two laying up on the side of this hot tub not Brad's freaking shorts." He looks at me and says, "I can't trust you schmoes to do anything right."
Tanya says, "Brad over here thinks he's got an impressive package. What do you think Alex?"
"How should I know? Do you think we're fags or something? I don't go around trying to see guys' dicks."
An emboldened Tanya replies, "What's the matter, we know you have a nice dick as you kindly showed us. I just wondered how it compares."
"Showed you – My Ass! That prick pulled my trunks down," he says while glaring at Sean. I guess I am the only one here who's actually been seen unless Brad or Stud Sean over here has been showing off while I was gone." Alex gets into the water and then adds, "Maybe if you ladies would drop those bikini bottoms, I might be willing to let you all decide for yourselves which dick you like the best."
Tanya coos, "Now that sounds like an interesting idea, if you go first." She looks to Alicia and Heather but they seem non-committal.
Alex replies, "I'll take off the trunks, but then you gals need to do the same or – no deal."
The girls giggle a little and whisper something that I can't hear. I'm hoping they go for it as things could definitely get interesting if they do.
After a minute or two of girl talk Tanya addresses the guys, "Ok, after Alex takes off his shorts we'll take off our bottoms, but we're staying under the water for this."
"Fine by me," I say.
"I sure as hell have nothing to lose here", Sean adds. The fact that his shorts and towel are 30 feet away certainly limits his bargaining power in this transaction.
Alex answers,"What the hell, I had my trunks down once anyway, but if you ladies don't come up above the water, I think the tops need to come off too."
Alicia says, "How about just the tops off?"
Alex replies, "Now who is the chicken? Sounds like you ladies can dish it out but you can't take it."
This gets Tanya a little perturbed and she replies, "Come on ladies, off with the suits. Let's see if these are men or boys."
Alex removes his trunks under the water and one by one the bikini bottoms and bras come up to the side and the girls slide down to their necks in the bubbling water. All of us are naked now but no one can see anything. Thankfully this motel is quiet and most people staying here are at the beach or asleep. It would royally suck if one of the proprietors or some family were to come by just now.
The moment of truth is at hand, I for one am beginning to get a bit aroused. I ask, "So how we should do this?"
Tanya replies "Well, you three sit up on the side of the hot tub and let each of us come by to inspect."
Sean, Alex and I look at each other and decide what the hell. The three of us pull back to the side with our cocks in various stages of erection.
Tanya says, "Now, ain't that a picture? Seems a shame that they're not fully hard."
"Well, let's get on with this, ladies, who's first?" I ask.
Tanya who is in the middle begins moving toward Alex who is seated on the right. She rises enough so that her breasts are fully exposed. They are nice and maybe even a little nicer than I thought. The creamy white flesh from where her bra was is accentuated by the fact that she has a great tan. She has thick hard nipples which look very nice for sucking.
Tanya speaks, "Let's see what we have here. Nice circumcised penis with a bushy thatch of pubic hair, neat ball sac. Alex, you really should trim that thing."
Next she moves over to Sean. "Well Sean, you definitely are a male. I don't know why you were so shy earlier; you have a nice little pecker. Why any lass would like to feel that inside of her."
Sean says, "You'd like that wouldn't you. I might make your wish come true."
Tanya coyly responds with a smile but doesn't say anything more. Then she moves over to me. I look down at her between my legs with her titties bobbing in the water and think how nice it would be if she were touching my cock and not just examining it. About then Alex spots some older people walking by so he ducks quickly back into the water and we all follow suit. We're all praying that they don't stop here. Fortunately they don't stop but keep on walking and talking loudly as they go by.
I suggest, "Why don't you ladies come on up to our room so that we can do this properly and without having to stop every time someone walks by."
Tanya starts another quick conference and then comes back to answer. "We'll go up but not without our suits on."
I'm thinking that if we don't compromise on this, our fun will be over now and I really don't want that so I respond, "Ok, I guess that will work."
Using the bubbles as cover, the girls put on their tops and bottoms and Alex and I put our shorts back on. Sean's suit is still lying over by the pool – rather than get the management on our case, I decide to walk over and get Sean his suit along with all of the towels. Sean hastily puts his suit on, and we find our individual towels, grab the cooler and head up to the room.
When we get in the room, Tanya tries to get things going again. She says, "That was a drag Brad, I didn't get a very good inspection of you and the other girls didn't get to see anyone up close. I think we should resume our inspections with you boys sitting over on the bed over here and of course you should drop your trunks first."
I say," If we do that, don't you girls think you should take your suits off too?"
The three females think about this and Tanya responds for them, "Ok, we'll go into the bathroom to take off our suits and you boys be ready when we return."
"Why do you need to go to the bathroom? Strip right here," Alex blurts out.
"You wish," Tanya says dismissively as the girls all proceed to the bathroom.
A few moments later, Tanya, Alicia and Heather emerge from the bathroom wrapped in their towels. They have met the letter of the challenge but not the spirit of it. We guys were on the bed with our trunks totally off but we instinctively had our hands covering our privates. Our hothead, Alex was to immediately remark at the disparity.
"I thought you were going to take everything off."
"We did," Tanya responds.
"But you have on towels, what's with that?"
Tanya says, "Well, you have your hands over yourselves, how is that different?"
I toss out a compromise for the guys, "How about this, you ladies wrap the towels around your waists instead of over your chests and then we'll move our hands."
"Well, ok," Tanya reluctantly replies. "But you gentlemen better show us some hard cock; we aren't interested in limp ones. Right ladies?"
Alicia and Heather look at each other with nervous smiles.
Sean says, "Shit, we've been drinking and stuff, I don't get hard just like that."
Alex says, "Yeah, that's like me saying, you have to have big titties or it isn't worth it. Tanya, you don't have any worries but Alicia might take offense."
"All right, no need to get ugly about it – how about we help you boys get hard so that we can get a good comparison. Get me some sun tan lotion – I'll work on Brad, Heather can take Alex and Alicia you take Sean – then we'll see who's best."
Sean tosses Tanya so sun tan oil and the girls turn away and then adjust their towels down so that their breasts are exposed. They turn to face us – their nipples seem to be reacting reflexively as they appear to be hardening as we watch; this is causing the blood to flow more freely into my cock which is starting to unfurl as Tanya lowers herself before me. Tanya dribbles a big dollop of tanning oil into her right palm and she presses her hands together and she looks up at me and says, "That's a good boy, you're starting to get hard without any help aren't you?"
"Trust me, looking at your bare tits is 'help'. So are you going to start or what?"
"Oops, it looks like you already have some lotion on the tip of your cock and I haven't started rubbing you yet or are you just happy to see me?"
"Come on, stop talking and rub it on." I protest.
Tanya looks up at me and then in a very sensual manner begins to move slowly towards me. At last she grasps my growing member and strokes my shaft while rubbing her tender soft tits on my legs. She takes her index finger and swirls it around in my precum. "There we go; I can feel it getting big now."
I look beside me on my right and notice that Alicia is fumbling a bit with the lotion but that Sean is starting to harden despite her awkward ministrations. My guess is that Alicia has only ever seen a dick in National Geographic or in health class; she appears to be nervous as hell. On my left, I see that Heather is stroking away and even pinching Alex's nipples – must be supplying what she'd like done to her, I figure. She obviously has more experience than Alicia and can hold her own with Tanya.
I lay my head back and enjoy the feeling of my cock getting as hard as a rock; I open my legs and inadvertently bump into Alex who is by this time breathing heavily.
Tanya interrupts our excitement with a comment to Alicia, "Come on girl, do you need some help from an expert?"
Alicia blushes and meekly responds, "This is all new to me."
"Here you switch with me," Tanya instructs as the girls trade places.
Tanya quickly works Sean's growing mass into a turgid ramrod. Then she says, "Well ladies, what cock do you like the best. Stop stroking and start your inspection."
Tanya begins a comparative commentary beginning with Sean. "He's got a nice big head on his cock, which will provide nice friction when used properly, also a nice big though a bit uneven nut sack. Now let me feel for ball size and lastly let's see length and my personal favorite, thickness. I don't like pencil dicks, a nice fat cock even if its short does wonders for stretching out a girl's pussy, don't you agree Heather?"
Heather nods assent. All eyes are following Tanya as she describes Sean's genitalia in lurid detail.
Tanya signals Alicia to move back so that she can examine my cock next. She grabs my cock and looks at the head. "Brad has a nice purplish hue to his cock head." She looks me in the eye and adds, "Also I notice you have a bit more by way of veins on your shaft, and an interesting sort of angle to your shaft – might put more pressure on the g-spot with this guy. I see that the head of your cock is not as big compared to the shaft. It's hard to say if you're thicker than Sean though I'd say you're probably around an inch longer" With that comment she reaches over and puts her left hand around Sean's circumference so as to affect a side-by-side comparison. "I'd say you're about even on thickness, but Sean has that big head thing going for his cock. Ok, let me see about the balls." As she cradles my sac in her hand and kneads my balls, I feel them pull up against me in preparation for ejaculation. She smiles, "Now these would definitely be jumbos if they were eggs, I bet you can spew a mighty big pool of semen."
I respond, "You're damn straight, I can spew a big pool of semen – either in your face or on your tits would be just what the doctor ordered."
Tanya ignores my comment and says, "Well, I have one more cock to size up." She motions Heather to slide back and gets over to Alex and grasps his stiff shaft. "My goodness Alex, you seem to have quite a purplish tint to your head too. I bet that thing might just go off if I were to suck it or stroke it a bit more."
At this Alex closes his eyes as though to shut out her words so that he doesn't spew at the very hearing of them.
Tanya continues her thorough examination with more observations, "This cock seems to be the longest by a smidgen though the shaft is slightly thinner than Brad's. Now let me feel your balls. Hmm, they really are pulled tight against you – can't gauge how big they are but I'd have to say they're just about ready to unload." With this she grabs the suntan oil and squirts a big glob into her hand; with her left and she kneads his balls and with the right she squeezes his head and the top end of his shaft. "Let's see how far you can shoot your seed. A woman likes to know when a man's seed can readily reach her womb even if he starts spurting at the opening of the lips."
With a couple more pumps of her hand, Alex begins to moan, "Oh yeah, baby, work that cock. I'll give you a nice big ropey shot of cum, why don't you wrap your lips around it and taste it?"
"The other girls won't be able to see it shoot if I do that big guy. That wouldn't be very fair. Plus how can we compare cocks if we can't see how far you shoot your stuff?"
My painfully swollen cock felt harder than hard at all of this and in anticipation not only that Alex was about to spew a major load, but also that I was likely up next for being the center of attention.
Alex moaned, "Oh FUCK YEAH," and began unloading a series of spurts.
Tanya continued to pump for three or four more times, each time eliciting another discharge of sperm but aiming the blast away from herself. Alex lay back with dribbles of sperm up to his nipples and dripping down into his pubic hair. Alicia seemed spellbound by the event and Heather appeared to be getting very turned on.
Heather got up and said, "Ok Tanya, you've been having all the fun, it's my turn." Tanya could hardly argue that she hadn't been monopolizing all of our cocks. Heather, having been displaced earlier when Tanya began stroking Alex, wiggled into a better spot to administer a hand job. She got a big fresh glob of suntan oil in her right hand and began coating my cock head with it. I noted her nice long painted fingernails as she pumped away. Knowing that all eyes were on me, my cock throbbed with each stroke. I imagined blasting my seed down Heather's throat or all over her face. She bumped her small but stiff nipples into me as she pumped away. I wanted to suck on those a while but lay back and enjoyed the feeling of the sap rising from my large balls.
"See if he can hit his chin," Tanya coaxed. "I bet he'll make a big pool of jism if he empties those big balls."
I opened my eyes to look at Tanya. I was partial to her sweet breasts and that rich brown sun tan. "Oh, damn, here it comes. Tanya why don't you get closer so I can shoot some of this on your tits," I called out.
Tanya and Heather's eyes were glued to my cock in eager anticipation of my ejaculation. Alicia was blushing and breathing heavily like she was in a bit of a panic or something. The moment of truth was at hand. "Aaaaaaaaah," I let out – a big flood of jism coats the end of my cock and as Heather continues pumping a second emission streams out through the air and catches me almost at my shoulder. Another stream, another and then a little dribble. I feel wasted and very relaxed as I sit there beneath puddles of my own excitement.
Alex makes gestures to start cleaning up as his sperm is beginning to get cold on him as he lays there idly taking in the scene. Tanya quickly intervenes, "We can hardly compare how much cum you all produce if we clean up before Sean finishes."
Sean is beside himself with anticipation by this point. It is his turn and all eyes turned to Alicia.
"I don't think I can do this," she says.
"Somebody needs to do this or I'll have to do it myself," Sean protests.
"Don't make the poor bastard die of blue balls", I add.
Tanya encourages, "Just rub it like you did earlier, I don't think it will take much to get him going."
"If you are too nervous, I'll help you," Heather volunteers.
Alicia is flush red and apparently the peer pressure is getting to her. "Okay, but I don't need to hear your criticisms."
Sean says, "I won't criticize if you promise you'll try."
Alicia tentatively moves back towards Sean.
"Don't forget lotion," Tanya reminds.
Heather squirts a big dollop of lotion into Alicia's hand and Alicia faces her uncertain task. With great deliberateness and hesitancy she grasps Sean's cock and begins to smear it with lotion.
"Grab it like you mean it," Sean instructs.
"See, there you go criticizing," Alicia complains and in fact seems to loosen her grip leaving Sean further from a much needed orgasm.
"Ok, honey, we can't leave this poor boy this close and not finish him off. You squeeze his balls and I'll work his cock," Heather firmly commands.
Alicia complies and Heather gets more tanning oil out and begins to pump with great purpose. I am jealous as I watch the two working cooperatively with the sole goal of getting Sean to blast a load as big and as far as he can. Despite just having shot my wad, I'm strangely entranced by the oncoming of Sean's splatterings.
We don't have to wait long for Heather's expert manipulations to accomplish their purpose. Sean doesn't spray his seed, but seems to make up in quantity with what he doesn't produce in distance. After three or four discharges, his belly button is filled to the brim with white sticky cum and his pubic hair and shaft are coated in sperm.
Tanya announces, "Well, I'd say Sean wins for volume and Brad wins for distance. Should we judge on flavor?"
At this suggestion, Alicia appears to be totally grossed out and Heather indicates, "Sorry girlfriend, I don't do that."
Tanya drops the subject but then I decide that perhaps there is more that we can do in the flavor department. "You girls, excepting Tanya don't seem to be much interested in the sex flavor department. I personally find the taste of sex, or specifically the taste of pussy to be one of its finest distinctions."
I ask, "What do you girls think about a taste testing. We could judge who has the sweetest tasting pussy. I think it would be only fair that we return the favor in some way for your little evaluation of us, don't you?"
Tanya, Heather and Alicia have another mini-conference in the bathroom. We take the break as a chance to wipe up all of the spilled sperm and to put our towels back on.
When they return Tanya announces, "Alicia is a little uncomfortable with being touched as she is a bit less experienced with this."
Alex bursts out, "So she hasn't lost her cherry. I know she's a fucking virgin."
"Look, guys, this isn't exactly a fairy tale way for a girl to have her first exposure to this type of thing. Prince Charming at least kisses Cinderella first if you get my drift."
"So what about you and Heather then," Alex inquires, not wanting to see all the pussy just slipping away.
"I think we could arrange that," Tanya responds as she and Heather look at each other.
"We can live with that," I reply for all of us – thinking that Sean would also rather have two pussies than zero. I continue, "Okay, then it's decided then. You two ladies get up here on the bed and we'll reverse our little examination game. And Alex, there's no need to be an asshole, Alicia doesn't have to do anything she doesn't want to."
Tanya and Heather move to the bed and sit where we were sitting.
"So should we flip to see who goes first", I ask.
"That'll work for the girls but, there are three of us," Sean points out.
"Well then age before beauty," I suggest since I'm the eldest male.
"Yeah, like that's fucking fair," Alex, the youngest, complains.
"I like the idea of going in age order but I think the youngest should go first," Tanya interjects. "I'd like the older and presumably more experienced tongue last."
"All right, you win," I concede, imagining that going last might also entail making her cum.
Alex very much likes this turn of events. We flip a coin to decide which girl will go first – Heather calls it in the air and wins. She decides to make Tanya be first.
Sean approaches Tanya, she drops her towel and begins to spread her legs. She has a sweet well groomed pussy; she must be keeping it well groomed for someone's benefit. As a result of all of the cock stroking and cum shooting she looks to be pretty worked up. Her inner lips are swelled and her pussy lips and even her inner thighs are slick with her juices.
Sean begins to go straight for it. No precursor, just tongue straight out, ready to eat.
Tanya stops him. "You seem a little eager, don't you? Aren't you going to assess my pussy before you lick it?"
Startled and a little perturbed, Alex impatiently asks, "What exactly should I assess?"
"Well," Tanya replies, "you could evaluate my clitoris, the coloration of my lips, the neatness of my pubic hair, roundness of my vulva."
"How about the depth?"
"I don't think you'd bottom out with your package, big guy."
At that we all get a good laugh at the hothead's expense.
Alex holds back from making a caustic reply and instead focuses on his task. "Well, you do have a pretty prominent clitoris, and nice pink lips, I especially like your tan lines. Maybe you should lay out nude to even out the tan – a nice tan vulva would be sweet. Not that your deal isn't nice."
"What do you think of my haircut and the shape of my vulva?" Tanya inquires.
"Oh you have a very neatly trimmed little pussy. I like how your outer lips lay nice and plump. I bet your jeans sink into that slit making a nice camel toe."
Apparently pleased with the characterizations of her pussy she says, "Okay, I guess you can do your taste test now."
Alex didn't need to be asked twice. He immediately begins to tongue her with darting and stabbing motions, making his tongue hard and erect like a dick. I am actually starting to get hard again watching this – I can't tell what is happening beneath the other guy's towels but I suspect that they are being similarly affected by the show.
Tanya directs, "Save some for Sean and Brad." At this she begins closing her legs. "I think it's Heather's turn now."
Heather is pretty worked up by watching her gal pal being eaten out. She looks Alex in the eyes as she slowly opens her towel and spreads her inner lips with her manicured fingers to afford him a look up into her vagina.
Alex moves to directly begin besieging her splayed, slippery prize. Before he succeeds, Tanya interrupts, "Aren't you forgetting something."
"What?" Alex snorts with great perturbation.
"You need to do your verbal assessment first," Tanya instructs.
"Overall, a nice cunt, now can I get started?" Alex complains.
"What about the coloration, shape and clitoris?" Tanya inquires.
"Well, Heather here is apparently a natural blonde, based on her pale bush. She keeps it nicely shaved excepting a cute little triangle of hair above."
Alex is dying to taste her and Heather shudders as he plunges forward into her.
"You didn't address all of the criteria."
Alex slurps away at Heather's cooze and completely ignores Tanya. She is getting a little annoying. Heather too seems not to care about her incomplete evaluation as she leans back.
She moans as he gobbles on her cunt, "Oh, yeah, that's it baby, lick that cunny, oh yeah, that feels good."
"Save some for the others." Tanya orders.
Again he ignores her. He keeps licking and licking and Heather keeps moaning and moaning. "Oooohh, I'm cumming."
We are all riveted on the scene. Even Alicia is getting excited and I catch her in the corner of my eye surreptitiously pushing down on her crotch working to get herself off.
After a few moments Tanya breaks the silence and says, "I sure hope you're multi-orgasmic because you have two more boys who need a taste and we haven't heard a full assessment on your lip shape. So which pussy did you like better?"
"Well, I can't really decide. I guess I liked the sweetness of Heather; after all she did cum in my mouth. You tasted pretty sweet too, but I have to side with Heather on this one. Heather's got a slightly shorter slit so there was less pussy to lick. Put it this way, I'll eat either one of you any day of the week, rain or shine."
I think I will die waiting my turn. I come up with an idea that will hasten my indulgence as my patience for being on the sidelines is waning. "How about, Sean and I do our evaluations at the same time; after all there are two of you and two of us."
Once a woman has someone licking and sucking her cunt, it seems that it is easier to negotiate with her in terms of this type of thing. Tanya, responds with, "I think that is a fine idea."
I need no more than this, I get between Heather's legs and Sean gets between Tanya's.
"Well, Heather here has a soft pink tone around her slit. She's pretty wet from her cum and Alex's tonguing. Her clit is showing a little bit and I'm guessing she may not want it to be touched again so soon after cumming. She has soft, smooth outer lips and swollen butterfly inner lips. After we hear Sean's assessment of your pussy, I'm planning to taste this sweet pie." At this I look to Sean to encourage him to talk about Tanya's pussy.
"Uh, well, uh, Tanya has a real nice tan, I mean tan lines. Let me start over. Tanya has a sweet looking pussy, with a bulging clit and slick wet pink lips. I could look at it for hours. I mean if she'd let me I would." We all chuckle at this comment. He continues, "I'd love to bury my bone into this sweet thing."
"How about burying your tongue, cowboy?"
At this prompt, the two of us begin lapping away. I'm not sure who is enjoying this more, the females or the males. My cock is beginning to reawaken as I lick and tongue, nibble and drag my teeth across her inner folds. I slide two fingers into Heather's sopping snatch as I mercilessly lick. She pushes me away, apparently too sensitive as yet to endure such a powerful attack. I relent having succeeded in getting a very sufficient taste. Tanya, still maintaining control somehow manages to take in the situation and orchestrate our next switch.
"Okay boys, I think its time for a final switch."
Heather insists that she needs a drink. When she comes back, we resume our observations. I position myself between Tanya's legs and realize that I am partial to her. "Boy Tanya, Heather has a nice pussy, but yours is heavenly."
"Go on. Tell me more."
"You have such a lovely bulging clitoris and long sweet suckable inner lips. You have such a neatly trimmed pubic region. I imagine a guy could grow old quite contently spending all of his days here between your legs." That line got a laugh from the others.
"You must tell me how I taste."
At this I commence my euphoric duty. I lick and lap and nibble and prod her. As I begin, she continues cajoling Sean to describe and compare Heather's cunt to her own. Once Sean has responded to her satisfaction, all goes quiet except for the lapping, moaning sounds and the sounds of us moving on the bed sheets.
Tanya begins to moan, "Oh, God I need a cock. Oh fuck, I want to cum on a fat cock."
I am happy to oblige as my cock has reawakened from all of the action thus far. I am happier still that since using up a load, I will last longer before I expend my next. I imagine riding her until we were both black and blue.
Meanwhile Heather is getting worked up again. She is pulling Sean's head into her snatch so that he probably can barely breathe. I can clearly see them as I have mounted Tanya and am pumping away for all I am worth. Despite her relatively prudish behavior, Alicia's eyes seemed to be riveted to my cock as it penetrates and emerges again and again with great fury into and out of Tanya's sloppy wet cunt. Alicia has one hand tucked under the towel and is working her pussy. I call out to her, "Hey Alicia, you like watching people fuck, why don't you open that towel so we can see how wet you are? I promise that if you do you'll cum harder than you ever have before."
Alicia is too far gone to suppress her lust. She opens her towel, exposing her completely natural cunt with its runaway hair growth. As she sits on a chair across from the bed, Alex gets between her legs and encourages her to cum for him. He is close enough to count her pubic hairs but he respects her desire not to be touched. As Alicia reaches orgasm she closes her legs and pushes down hard on her pubic bone. Despite herself she lets out a shriek. About this time, I have an intense orgasm – albeit one not accompanied by much semen. Tanya shudders and I feel her cunt gripping and relaxing on my cock as she has a powerful vaginal orgasm. Sean has pushed Heather's legs completely back to an obscene extreme and is probing deeply into her cunt. She too soon wails as another thunderous orgasm overtakes her.
The rest of the evening is a blur. I remember we all decided to get something to eat – we found a Denny's that was open all night and ate like animals. At this point in the vacation I think, you know what, "Girls Gone Wild" has nothing over our Spring break.