I want to add a special thanks to hertsSub for helping with editing and for sharing ideas to make the story more enjoyable.
This story contains themes of exhibitionism, voyeurism, masturbationism, anal play with fingers and toys. If these are not your thing that's cool. We all enjoy different things. If these are your thing or you think they might be please join me and enjoy.
*****
I noticed yesterday that I have a new neighbor. She moved into the apartment right behind me. I'm guessing she is moving in alone since I saw her pushing and pulling a whole bed up the stairs by herself. I was about to go over and offer to help but she was doing a pretty good job by herself, and besides, I got a couple of really good peeks at her ass while she was twisting, turning, and shoving it up the stairs. I bet she could be a determined little fuck when she gets wound up. I wonder if I'll ever get the chance to find out.
Tonight she is sitting out on her little porch smoking. Damn, she has on some tiny little tight shorts and, fuck, is she making my dick hard. I'm not sure that she has even noticed yet that her porch faces mine and that I can see her. Maybe she has seen me too and just doesn't want to give me the satisfaction of letting me know. The way my porch faces hers means she is the only neighbor that can really see well onto my porch and back window. I'm going to leave some lights on tonight and the blinds open. She might like what she sees!
A few days later...
Well, I am in luck. . It looks as if she is home now. I see her car and the light is on. I hope she comes out on the porch tonight... I have been working on a couple of stories and I've gotten myself just about as horny as fuck. Writing erotica isn't as easy as one might think. Hell, sometimes I find I am writing with a hard dick which makes it very difficult to type with only one hand! I write at night after work as it is the only quiet time I have. I always work nude when I can because I think it helps to open up my mind and, with nothing restricting my body in any way, I can concentrate better.
I'm hoping that my new neighbor will at least take a look or two over my way. The last person who lived there took one peek and jerked the damn blinds shut. Being an exhibitionist is absolutely no fun without a voyeur. I hope this one won't get all pissed off with me and call the fucking cops. I haven't figured her out yet. She has a really sassy look about her and I have seen a couple of different guys come in and out of her apartment. After they leave she always sits outside and smokes so I'm thinking that perhaps somebody is getting some action. She must be at least a little open minded. It would be nice to think she is more than that, a naughty little slut perhaps. But who knows? That might be too much to dream for. But a man can live in hope.
Well, here she comes out on to her porch and over to her chair. The way she fills that t-shirt, I could almost eat it! And the sight of that little ass in those shorts has got me all worked up. I'm going to have to slow down or I'll blow before I get started: perhaps think about baseball or something. First, I'll walk back and forth in front of the window a couple of times just to create a little bit of movement to catch her eye.
Well here goes. I open my door and step out onto my porch with nothing but my tablet and a towel over my shoulder that I will use to sit on. I think I saw her take a little glance when she noticed the door open. Mmmm, oh yeah, definitely a little double take then—just to be sure that she saw what she thought she saw.
I take my seat and prop my right foot up on the little stool in front. I put my tablet on my leg and open up a folder. Oh fuck, she is definitely looking now—but trying not to stare. I know she took a good look then. I hope she can see my cock and balls hanging over the edge of the chair as I'm sitting on a black towel to create some definite contrast with my tanned skin. Too early for eye contact. I don't want to spook her—but I know she is looking. She hasn't jumped up or run inside to call the cops. So far so good. At least I think I can have a little fun.
I don't want to be too obvious yet. I might read some more of the Beauty series—that really gets my dick hard with all those tight little asses getting whipped and paddled. Fuck, I would love to spank this little chick's ass for her. She needs it too, just look at how she prances around on the porch when she goes in and out. It's like she is just fucking teasing my cock with that ass of hers. And it is working!
If she had any idea how much fun I had with the lady who lived there a couple of years ago she would shit a fucking brick. She enjoyed a few of my little shows and then one day just decided to return the favor. We used to sit out here watching each other stroke and play for hours. Those were some hot times! I wish more women were into my idea of fun! I sure hope I'm about to get lucky with this one. I'll go get some lube just in case she keeps on looking. I know she watched my ass the whole way across the porch. I can see her in the mirror in my living room I think she is even starting to squirm a little. This is so hot!
I come back out with my phone to my ear like I'm talking to someone—I don't want to appear too obvious. This time I put both feet up on the stool, giving her a great view of my cock and balls hanging down the front of the chair now. Come on hottie, get an eye full of the package! Mmm, I know she is looking now. I might risk a little adjustment and a tug. But I don't want to rush things. I want this to last a while.
I pull up a hot story and start reading about Beauty getting fucked over a barrel by a bunch of soldiers. I picture that hot pussy being filled with cock after cock and I imagine myself being forced by my hot-ass mistress to lick Beauty's pussy clean and suck the cum out each time one of the lucky bastards busted a nut and shot his load.
Oh! Holy fuck! Boing! Here we go. That sure didn't take long, I'm as hard as a fucking rock now. Sneaking a peek over the top of my tablet, I can see her looking over her cell phone, watching me.
My cock is absolutely throbbing, bouncing up and down. I start to really work my pc muscle, making my cock dance for her. Look, no hands. I am sure I just saw her laugh a little, or at least definitely smile. Mmmmm. I wonder what she would do if I slid my hand down and gave my cock a little pull or two. I spread my legs a little so she can see my balls hanging low and bouncing along with my cock.
Oh, here we go, she is spreading her legs now and I swear I can see her hand inside her shorts. I'll bet that pussy is so sweet and juicy. Now my cock is dripping pre-cum. I have to taste it. I swirl my fingertip around on the head so she can see it. I then bring it to up my mouth and lick it off.
I think that has done the trick. I can definitely see her hand in her shorts and it's moving around too. Fuck, that is hot.
And now eye contact. I think I've hit the jackpot. I feel so exposed. I swear she can see into my soul. I see her bring her fingers up to her mouth. She can't be... Or maybe she can... Oh yes, I can definitely see that she is licking her pussy juice off her fingers.
Time to put the tablet aside. I spread my legs wide, reach around, and put my wet finger into my ass as I start to stroke in earnest.
The hand is now back down to her pussy but not inside her shorts. She has pulled the shorts to one side so I can see her pussy. God, that is so fucking hot. I can see the juice on her fingers. I start to fuck my ass with my finger and stroke long and hard.
It doesn't take long before I feel my balls start to tighten. I can feel the cum boiling up inside me. I swear she is getting close too. I can see her arching her back and rubbing her pussy really hard now. I can't hold out any longer. Oh fuck!! I stick my finger in deep and look straight at her. Our eyes meet and I feel spurt after spurt of hot cum shooting into the air. I'm cumming so hard I can barely focus on her. But there is no mistaking that arched back as she bucks like crazy. She is cumming too, no doubt about it.
I am already looking forward to tomorrow night ...