Our neighbor was a tennis player and used to travel quite a while ago, that's why her home was uninhabited for much of the time. She always gave my mother her apartment keys when she was outside for looking after her place and plants.
Samantha was in her late twenties, very attractive, brunette, long hair, brown eyes and great body due to her permanent training.
I really liked her very much since she gave me away mi first racket (In time I realized that tennis was not my thing). I would not say that I had a crush on her; because I was approximately five years younger but enjoyed watching her in her tennis mini skirt when we shared the elevator ride.
However she never looked sexier to me than the day my mother sent me to ask her for some sugar and Samantha received me wearing just her bathrobe. She had just taken a shower and still had her hair wet.
Many of the times I accompanied my mother when she went to Samantha's since she had an impressive collection of sport magazines.
She always told us when she would arrive home so that my mother could connect her refrigerator and put something inside.
That time she told us she would be arriving the next Friday so, the day before, we bought some ice cream since it was the hottest day of the year and went to her home.
Something was strange since when I put the key inside the keyhole, I noticed that the door was closed but not locked. As it was me who always opened the door I said nothing and we came in. As usual the place was totally dark since all the blinds were closed.
I went fast through the hall to the living room for lifting the blinds while my mother stayed behind closing the door. After the noise of the door shutting it was heard a voice coming from the kitchen. It was Samantha's voice asking if it was my mother. As she answered affirmatively, Samantha went to the hall to meet her and for our great surprise...
...she came out of the kitchen wearing only a tiny and skimpy set of white lingerie!!
The way the place was designed, the door of the kitchen was in the middle of the hall, in front of the door of the bedroom and then the living room at the end of the hall.
The timing couldn't have been more perfect. As the kitchen was the only place where there were no blinds, Samantha stood there, fully exposed in just her bra and thong, right in the only illuminated spot of the flat as if she were focused by a headlight.
Before we could react, she told my mother that she had just arrived since she was able to change the flight and arrived earlier before planned. She was surprised but not embarrassed and did not make the less effort to cover herself as if she were comfortable and did not care about being seen in just her undies.
I was amazed that she had not blushed at all. I almost excused myself when I realized that she had not seen me since I was in the middle of the darkness at the end of the hall and I had not even made a noise or spoken a single word. I felt no sense to reveal my being there.
Samantha started talking about her recent trip to the Caribbean, always not aware that I was absolutely delighted staring at her. My mother, making no comments about Samantha's particular state of dressing, tried to induce her for going to the bedroom. However, she continued with her narration.
From where I was standing I could only admire the complete package and she had no idea!! She had that incredible toned body that it was worth enjoying watching. She had golden tanned skin, beautiful hips and perfect breasts. Her stomach was flat and had a nice round belly button. Beside of this, she had a shapely ass, strong legs and thin waist.
I would have congratulated her but, of course, as much as I appreciate the view, it would have been completely inappropriate.
In a moment she said smiling that luckily for her I had not come with my mother that day.
Neither my mother nor I said anything since she would be very unhappy at me having seen her practically naked.
I was so lucky since Samantha really wanted to talk that day despite my mother's discreet efforts to take her inside her room.
Finally my mother told her that she would better get dressed since I would come later with more things for the refrigerator so she walked to her bedroom for dressing.
When she came out, she was dressed in her cotton robe. I pretended that I had just arrived, that nothing had happened and I never mentioned what I have already seen.
But I have those images recorded in my head forever!!