"Impossible!!" I bluttered out...
My name is Veena and was happily married to my husband Vivek. Ours was an arranged marriage as it still happens in India. Our initial days of marriage went passionately, sex 3 to 4 times a day. I really enjoyed it as it was the first taste of sex with a man that I was experiencing then. I was a virgin when I married and the sexual experiences before marriage were just masturbating, which too started late, as late as, when I was in college.
In college it started with my roommate, Archana, bringing in a porn movie and we watched it on my computer. I had that sensation in my pussy, while I watched that porn movie and wanted to badly touch my pussy. Then, in the middle of the movie I saw Archana putting her hands inside her pyjama and rubbing herself. The room was dark and I too wanted to do the same, but was quite afraid of doing it in front of Archana and in the open too. That's when Archana voice startled me, "Why are you sitting simply there? Don't you want to rub yourself and come?" Archana's word encouraged me.
Though I was too scared to reply anything and I just made a small yes and started to put my hands in my pyjama and started rubbing my clit. Oh! That was ecstasy. On seeing what I was doing, Archana got up and came close to me and took her pyjamas off. I saw that she was not wearing any panties, well neither was I, as it was summer and lesser the clothes we wore, the better. I saw that her pussy was well shaved and smooth. While I was admiring her pussy, Archana was staring at me, and finally frustrated she said, "Arre, remove your pyjamas, I am waiting to see your pussy." I was shy but did not want to be left out and slowly stood up and removed my pyjamas. Archana smiled when she saw the bush of dark pussy hair and sat down beside me and removed her top as well. She had small beautifully shaped boobs. This time, I did not wait much, I too removed my top and let her admire my bigger than her boobs. Archana was pleased to see them and then continued rubbing her clit and inserted her finger in her pussy and continued watching the porn. This was the beginning of various such encounters in our room.
"Well, I won fair and you need to honor our agreement. You cannot say no." It was Vivek. I was woken from my day dream, by Vivek's voice. We just had a good passionate sex and were lying naked in our bed. We lived in a two bedroom apartment on the 7th floor and both of us went to work Monday to Friday. We had two sons and now they were at their grandparents. As per Vivek's own words the child birth had only done well to me. My boobs had grown larger, my butt was also larger and I had become a bit plump as well. I was in fact really sexy with the right amount of flesh in the right places.
"You have to do it, there is no other way!" Vivek was continuing his argument, "I can give you a concession though, you can pick the day you want to do it". I was in a tight spot here. With the kids gone to their grandparents, we had the apartment to ourselves and were role playing on most Friday nights to Monday mornings. I loved Vivek and he loved me dearly and we played out our fantasy from time to time. The vacation time was our favorite as we did not have to worry about the kids and wait till night to have to sex.
My fantasies involved mostly about dominating Vivek and he loved them as well. I usually tease him so much to a point that he may not be able to hold himself back from coming. This was one such time, 2 weeks back when we were playing a strip card game. My starting attire was a night robe and I was wearing my bra and panties inside with a slip inside. So in total I had 4 pieces to nakedness. Vivek was wearing his usual clothes, a dothi (it's a traditional male bottom wear, which is tied by the ends around the waist) and a T-shirt, with no underwear inside. So he had 2 pieces to nakedness. The game was a simple card game and you had to pawn a piece to continue playing. So I started and pawned in my bra first and Vivek his t-shirt. I lost the first hand and my bra along with that. Now Vivek pawned in my bra and I put in my panties. I again lost this set and lost my panties as well. Now I pawned in my night robe and Vivek pawned in my bra, again saying that my bra has turned out be lucky for him. I lost again. There I was sitting in my slip, cross legged. I could see Vivek staring at my pussy from time to time and I used to cover it with my free hand. I wanted to tease him a bit, but I also knew that Vivek was losing focus and will lose the next hands, only if I had something extra to pawn. So Vivek, said lets continue. So now I removed my slip and pawned it to the game, Vivek put in my bra again.
"Ring...Ring..." That was the calling bell at our door. "Oh my, I had totally forgotten, the milk man is here", I started to take my dress to wear it, that when Vivek said, "Not in the middle of the game. You know the rules, you made them and last year you made me open the door without my T-shirt, Don't you remember, I had to chat with Mrs. Valsa, the secretary of our building, without a shirt or baniyan. Now it's your turn, Ha ha ha ha..., The Milkman will have a beautiful sight today."
I got scared and pleaded with him to give me my robe atleast. Finally after so much of pleading, Vivek said "Ok, on one condition, you need to remain naked for a full day, any day. Do we have a deal?" I had no choice, if I did not agree; I knew he would humiliate me in front of the milkman in some way. So I agreed. I did not know then that this was going to be my worst mistake.
I was surprised, when Vivek did not bring this up the anytime soon after. We went on as usual and I thought he had completely forgotten about it. As I told, I liked teasing Vivek, most them are in form of games. There was once, when we played massage parlour. Vivek was the masseuse and I was the client. So I stripped down to nothing, the only pieces on my body was my toe ring, my anklets and my waist chain. I lay down on my stomach with just a small towel covering my ass. I knew that if Vivek, looked up from my feet, he could see my pussy. I lay there feet together, so the anticipation to see something will have Vivek teased and horny. He started massaging me with warm oil, from my feet upwards and as he came around my shoulders, I realized he was wearing his dothi only and no t-shirt.
I in a commanding voice asked him, "What is this boy? why are you clothed? don't you know when I have only a towel to cover me, you should be naked." Saying this, with one yank, I pulled away his dothi. He did not anticipate this and was left standing naked. I need to highlight one thing at this stage; Vivek has a small circumcised penis, infact his dick is only 4.5 inches when hard. I had checked once when he was sleeping naked after completely drained from sex, only his mushroom head could be seen poking above his balls, about 1.5 inches.
In the initial days of marriage it did not matter, but after our first kid, this was not exciting for me, but I continued to allow him to have sex with me. One day, I started teasing him about the size of his penis and said I could not feel it inside. He was so humiliated and started to pull away. But I was so horny. I pushed him to start licking me from my feet; this got him so excited that by the time he reached my pussy, he was dripping pre-cum. That was the day when we started the dominating play, with me being the dominant one. I made him lick every inch of my body, from my feet, my toes and when he was done licking every were else, I told him "Your penis is small, I am naming it as kunji (meaning smallest)". "You have licked to my satisfaction and as reward, you can now lick my ass" He had avoided licking my ass and I have not permitted him to lick my pussy. He was craving to lick my pussy badly, I could see that. He just stood there with his small 4.5 incher kunji penis pointed straight, about to come, if I just looked at it. Say this, I got on all fours making my ass cheeks spread to full display. "wow!" was all Vivek said, I knew now he had a good view of my asshole and my pussy, both open to his view.
He started to put his tongue on my pussy lips, I immediately gave a push with my feet, and unfortunately my feet had hit his balls. When I turned around, realizing this, he was lying on the floor curled into a ball, holding his balls in his hands in pain. It was funny to see him naked and curled on the floor. "What are doing down there?" I said not letting go of the dominant position, "I told you not my pussy, lick my asshole, boy". He got up hearing this and with reluctance, brought his tongue to my asshole and started licking them. The way I came that day was amazing. After he finished licking my asshole, I made him lick my pussy. Both of us slept like a log completely drained that day.
But now he had me, and he was demanding that I spend the day of my choosing naked for the complete day. He now gave me a concession though, that I could pick the day.