This is the last episode of Mercedes demise. I hope you all have read the previous chapters; otherwise you may be a little confused. We left off with Mercedes asking me to point out Hammer. She wanted to do him and leave.
*****
As I looked around the patio area, I spotted him drinking a beer and talking with two huge burly bikers named Hog and Tank. Of course these are their biker names just like Hammer. Mine is Inker because of my tats. So I just smiled and pointed to him. She looked confused at who I meant.
"Which one is he Geno?" Taking a big breath she continued, "I hope he's not one of these huge guys. They look mean and probably wouldn't be nice to me. I don't think I would enjoy having sex with either of them."
Laughing I replied, "No M, he's the one in the middle drinking a beer. Sam is standing in front of him."
With a sensual grin, she told me that he was cute. I guess for turning 50 he was still in good shape. He was a tall guy with graying long hair and beard. He was wearing a black vest and black leather pants. Seeing Mercedes, he nudged Sam and I could tell that he was asking if that was her. Sam said something back and he grinned in approval.
As I walked Mercedes over to the group standing around Hammer, I bellowed, "Hi guys. This is Mercedes and is here to entertain Hammer and anyone else who wants to watch."
Most of them made some sly comments about her, asking what type of entertainment she was going to perform for Hammer. As I was about to explain, Hammer took Mercedes in his arms and gave her a big bear hug. She melted against his body. Afterwards, he sat down and had her sit on his lap. Ignoring Mercedes for a few minutes, he continued chatting with the dudes. It didn't matter because, other guys kept her occupied telling her how beautiful she was.
While Hammer finished the joke he was telling, his hand was around her waist. She was sitting with her hands in her lap, legs tightly together and dangling in between his legs just while listening to all of the chatter. After he blurted the punch line, everyone laughed at the ending. Once he finished guzzling his beer, he put the empty bottle on the bench and began paying attention to Mercedes.
"You're a light filly aren't you?" Without answering Mercedes just nodded yes. "And you are very attractive. Being a red head I bet you're wild in the sack too."
He placed his hand on her upper leg trying to spread them apart. "I love how smooth your leg is. Are you completely shaved under there?"
He tried to pull up her skirt to get a peek, but Mercedes stopped him. Giggling she said, "You're just going to have to wait to find out!"
He gave out a big bellowing laugh and continued rubbing her legs. He told her how much he was going to enjoy his present.
Sam suddenly interrupted the flirting and said, "Bro, her cunt is smooth like a new born babe." Laughing he continued, "And she loves a hard cock buried in it and is very amiable when being fucked. She'll be whatever you want her to be."
Hammer laughed about Sam comment and asked, "Is that true Mercedes. You love a big cock in your cunt?"
Mercedes had a big grin across her face when she answered, "Oh Yes! I love big throbbing cocks in me. So when am I going feel yours?"
Most of the guys gathered around to listen to their flirtatious exchanges. They kept verbally teasing for some time with Sam and others interjecting some more nasty comments. The group mostly focused on trying to get her undressed, so everyone could view her sexy body. She eventually pulled up her top giving everyone a nice view of her firm tits. The crowd went wild with more obscenities as Hammer enjoyed squeezing them and yanking on her nipples. Everyone wanted to see more.
Giggling she whimpered, "Oh god that feel so good! I hope all of you like what you are seeing. I love showing off and I'm getting really hot too."
After a few more minutes of playing with her nips, Hammer stood her up and said, "Okay gorgeous! The show is over. It's time to take you for my private viewing."
The guys bellowed not to go and wanted to see more of Mercedes. They began chanting, "Fuck her here! Fuck her here! Fuck her here!"
"Where do you think I can go to fuck this lovely creature in private?" Hammer quickly verbalized.
Sam answered, "Oh we have a nice spot all ready for you two. Let me show you."
When Mercedes tried to stand, she seemed wobbly and suddenly fell back into me. I asked if she was okay. Unsteady she answered, "I'm on fire. It's like an intense furnace that suddenly came on and just started blasting all over me. I feel so hot and my pussy is burning up. I don't know what is happening to me. I need to sit down for a minute. I don't feel too good."
I had her sit on an empty bench. Placing my hand under her skirt, it felt like her cunt had a very high fever. But as I rubbed it, she told me it was soothing her heat. When I stopped, I took my hand and felt her forehead and it was cold. Only her pussy was a blaze. She told me not to stop playing with her pussy because it seemed to quench the fire that was radiating in between her legs. She pushed my hand harder on her sizzling cunt. Hammer saw what I was doing and asked if he could take my place.
Mercedes just smiled and said, "Oh Yes Hammer. I want you so bad. But I don't know why this is happening. It must have been one drink too many. I'm feeling better now. Hurry and take me somewhere where I can be very naughty. I'm so freaking horny for you darling." She kissed him and he pulled her up.
Still a little unsteady, she held Hammers arm tightly and slowly walked following Sam. When Sam returned, he opened his lap top and we watched them entering the love nest. Then he hit the record button. Hammer was now behind her with his hands on her ass. She was swaying to the music from upstairs. They stopped in the middle of the room and Sam zoom the camera in. Hammer kissed her neck and said something to her. We could hardly hear what they were saying from the loud music blasting. Mercedes turned around and they passionately kissed. Then she raised her arms up and Hammer pulled off her top. He stood looking at her firm tits, as Mercedes began pinching her own nipples and rubbing them.
The music stopped just in time for us to hear her say, "You like my breast handsome? Want to continue playing with them? I love a strong man taking me."
Then music began playing as he lowered his head and began sucking on them. His hand immediately went under her skirt and began playing with her pussy. We could tell she was enjoying it by the way she leaned back and pushed his head harder on her tits. After some time, Mercedes knelt down and undid Hammer's pants. His large cock popped out. She began sucking on it. Then she stood up holding his cock in her hand. She pushed him back on the couch. Taking off her skirt, she sat down facing him. With her hand she guided his throbbing rod into her hot pulsating pud of wetness.
The music stopped playing just in time to hear her say, "Oh Hammer, you feel so good in me. It's so soothing being in my pussy extinguishing my fire. Oh Hammer I love you in me. Oh yes fuck me Hammer! Fuck me hard! Yes! Ah yes! That's how I want it! Don't stop! Ah! Ah!"
Mercedes began speedily grinding her hot wet cunt on his cock. Eventually Hammer took her off him and laid her on her back. He took one leg over the back of the couch and the other he had over his shoulder. Then he drove his hard cock back into her. Mercedes had her eyes closed and was moaning in pure ecstasy, enjoying the ravishing. Many minutes passed until he pulled out and spewed a load of cum on her belly. Then he whacked her pussy mound with his cock.
We heard him say, "I love the Horny Mercedes tattooed on you. It makes fucking you so much better. I hoped you liked it and want more? You're cunt is still so hot for sex. Sam was right when he said you like being fucked."
She sat up, took her fingers and scooped up some of his goo, then licked it off her fingers. She said something but we didn't hear what she said. Instead Hammer, sat on the couch and she moved to kneel over him. Taking his cock in her mouth, she began sucking his softening rod. She slurped and slurped for a long time then suddenly stopped. His cock was now rock hard again.
Smiling we heard her say, "Oh Hammer, I'm burning up again. I need you to fuck me real bad. I'm so hot for you in me."
She went to sit on him but he forced her to turn around to face the camera. Unknowingly, he placed her perfectly for us to see his throbbing rod in her pussy. We watched her taking Hammers big extremity and sitting down on it, gobbling it all up in her.
Her mouth was open, head titled back, as she said, "Oh god! You feel so good fucking me. It quenches the heat in me and feels so enormous inside my hot pussy. Yes fuck me Hammer. Oh yes that's it! Don't stop!"
He grabbed her hips and pushed her down all the way on his cock. She ground her pussy over him and he pumped up into her. After some time he pushed her off and turned her on all fours. Then he pushed back into her wet cunt and began non-stop pounding of her wanting hot hole. We could barely hear him telling what a great fuck she was, as he kept speedily ramming her cunt. We thought he was going to die, when he stopped pumping her and gasped for air. Sam said something about hoping we weren't killing him. Then she looked back and said something making him start ravishing her all over again. Finally after a long time, he pulled out, moved to her mouth and Mercedes opened wide for cum drenching. She licked it up like the good little whore she was becoming.
When he finished squirting his goo, he sat on the couch in exhaustion. Mercedes came over, sat next to him and continued to rub his cock, but it didn't respond. They both slowly got dressed. Hand and hand they walked back up to the birthday party with content smiles on their faces. Unexpectedly, everyone began cheering when they appeared.
Hammer gave her back to me and thanked me for the best fuck he's had in a long time. I turned to Mercedes and asked if she wanted to go. She smiled and said yes. She was tired too and needed something to drink. I handed her my beer and she quickly guzzled it. I saw something in her hair and laughed. It was Hammers cum splattered in it. I didn't say anything to her because I wanted everyone to notice it.
As we were making the rounds saying our good byes, I could see the whispers from them. Just as we were walking out of the patio area Mercedes stopped and sensually asked, "Geno can we stay? I'm becoming so hot for sex again and I don't know why. But when I was this way earlier, Hammer's cock in me satisfied this exotic feeling. I loved the sex so much more than ever before. Is it okay with you if you found someone else for me to have sex with? Please! I really need to fuck again. Please!"
That was completely out of the blue. Here I was ready to abandon my plan of having her get fucked by lots of guys and now she suddenly wants it! I wondered why of the sudden change of heart? But I wasn't going turn down her request.
I just smiled and said, "Sure M! We' stay as long as you want to."
She smiled and kissed my cheek thanking me. I told her to wait there and I went to find another fuck for her. I asked Tank, one of the huge biker dudes that lusted for her earlier, if he still wanted a turn with Mercedes. Five minutes later and after he gave me two bills, I brought him over to her. Mercedes was sitting on a bench talking with Sam. He told me later it was about her constant desire for sex. Her legs were tightly together and she was fidgeting, like she was in desperate need for something.
When she saw me with him, she took his hand and said, "I'm so hot Tank. I'm glad it's you who wants me. I can't wait to feel your cock buried deep inside me." They quickly left for the storage room and we went to Sam computer.
Again I wondered why she changed her mind, especially about Tank. Earlier she thought he was a big mean brut and didn't want to have anything to do with him. As we started the recording again, it wasn't long until she had his cock buried deep inside her hot cunt. We could tell by her expression, that she was happy being used by Tank. We could hear her telling him how good he felt inside her and not to stop. For many minutes we heard her yelling the same verbiage that she said to Hammer. It took all of ten minutes for Tank to finally explode his cum on her tits. When they came back up, there was no cheering this time. He just kissed her lips and thanked me for allowing him to fuck my newly created whore.
Again we were about to leave, but the heat between her legs came on quicker this time, making her desire for a fuck again. She tugged my arm and asked if she had to go because she wanted more sex. This time it was Hog who took her. After 20 minutes of hearing her squeal with pure ecstasy, He left a satisfied customer.
She didn't come back up with him this time and just laid there with her legs spread wide open screaming, "I'm so hot that I'm burning up. God I want another cock in me so bad. Oh god what's happening to me? I've never been this horny before. Someone please help me."
I quickly ran down to get her. She was sitting naked on the couch, with her fingers ramming inside her cunt. Her expression was of pure lust and agony all at the same time. She had cum still splattered on her face and tits.
Looking up at me she said, "Geno, I don't why but I'm really so freaking horny. I want to feel a huge cock fucking me so bad. Please help me!"
I put my hand on her wet cum drenched pussy and it felt like a hot furnace. She was scorching. When I felt her inner hole, it was even hotter. She told me my fingers help sooth her heat, but a cock in her would feel so much better. She told me that she already had over a dozen orgasms and with just three guys. She asked if she could stay until the need for a hard cock subsided. She began begging me to get someone to fuck her again.
With my fingers pumping her like a cock, I asked if she ever felt like this before and she answered, "Oh no Geno. I've never been so hot for sex like tonight. I don't know why I'm like this. I guess maybe it's because I abstained so long from it. I just don't know. But it feels so good being used by guys. Please can I stay? Please! Please!"
Happily, I agreed. I told her just to stay down in the basement and I would send guys down to her as long as she wanted it. I would come by after ever guy and see if she wanted to stay or go. She smiled and told me to hurry and send someone down because she was in agony to feel another cock buried in her.
By this time I already had a few guys waiting. It only took a few minutes to send down her next visitor a big 6'8" burly black biker named Punisher. He was waiting up stairs and was buggy me to have a turn with Mercedes. I figured if she fucked this guy with his big 14" extremity, then she would fuck anyone. I wanted a video to show Tyler with a black rod buried in her as proof of her being a whore.
When he saw a nude Mercedes with her legs spread wide apart and her fingers speedily rubbing her cunt, he unzipped his pants and walked over to her. She said something about wanting to feel his cock buried in her pussy as soon as possible. Quickly he pulled his pants off and out popped his huge extremity, which stood partial erect in front of her. Leaning forward and with both hands, she reached for his cock and began sucking on it. As soon as she got him rock hard, she told him to sit next to her. Then she moved over and straddled him. Slowly she guided his long thick rod into her fiery wanting hole.
As she sat down on him she said, "God, You feel so good in me, I hope you haven't been waiting too long to fuck me? I really needed someone as big as you to make me cum. Oh god, you feel so good in me! Fuck me with that big black thing. Oh yes!" Is what she cried over and over again!
He laughed as he took her hips and pushed her all the way down on his throbbing rod. She yelped in pleasure when his cock completely disappeared inside her cunt. We couldn't see her expression because Sam zoomed in on his cock speedily going in and out of her hot box. Whenever the music stopped, we could hear her moaning in pleasurable sighs. Then the music started to play again and all we could do was watch him ravish Mercedes cunt. He eventually pulled out, turned her on all fours and pushed his black rod back into her pulsating stretched hole. She looked back with her mouth wide open moaning and we could tell she was enjoying the fucking. It was a site to see, as he leaned over her with his big stomach flapping against her tight ass. His hugeness covered her body, as he drove in and out of her cunt. After maybe 20 minutes, he pulled out and exploded his sperm on her ass. She seemed satisfied and said something to him. He gave her a hug and kiss, got dressed and left.
I went back down to see if she finally had enough, but to my surprise, she was rubbing her pussy and said, "I thought you were sending guys down. I'm so hot for a cock buried in me. I hope you have some other guys ready for me. Please Geno, I really need another guy. Please! "
All I could do was smile and tell her I would send them down one at a time. I left perplexed about how horny Mercedes was. I've never seen her in this state before, but happy she was. So I sent down another guy and had someone waiting to go in when he was finished.
The desire I had of seeing her getting fucked by lots of guys was coming to fruition, but strangely I become somewhat remorseful. I was starting to feel sorry for her for being a just piece of hot meat to be used by all these bikers. Here was my sweet innocent Mercedes being a paid whore for whoever wanted to fuck her. I thought I would be happy about seeing her disgraced like a cheap whore, but instead I was realizing what a fool I've been. Suddenly, Sam said something that woke me up from my rueful thinking.
We continued watching as one after another went down and fucked her. Some took ten minutes, while others were ramming her hot cunt for 30 minutes. It was obvious as we watched her actions that she was immensely enjoying herself. It was like watching a girl in constant heat, wanting to have a cock buried in her cunt as fast as she could get the guy hard. It was fun watching her in such a state of sexual bliss, like seeing a porno film.
Suddenly, the bar lights began flashing off and on. It meant last round and the bar would be closing in fifteen minutes. Luckily, I didn't have anyone else waiting to fuck Mercedes. The guy doing her was the thirteenth and she's been at it for almost 4 hours. It took another 5 minutes for him to finally spew his load over her pussy.
As soon as he left, Sam went in and filmed a final scene by scanning her cum drenched body and interviewing her. The pungent aroma of sperm filled the room, so we kept of door open. He played with the remote while looking at his lap, zooming in on parts of her body. As he asked her questions about doing this willing, he had her stand and bend over so he could zoom in on her cum drenched abused cunt. She didn't know what was happening and probably didn't even realize she was being filmed.
"Oh yes, I had a great time. I hope the guys did too," she answered. As questions continued she replied, "Yes! I wanted all of them to fuck me. Yes I did enjoy it and I just love the feeling of guys unloading themselves on me." She took her fingers and scooped some goo off her breast and licked them clean. "You mean like this," she continued. "I love the taste too."
Then he stopped filming and thanked Mercedes for her time. When Sam removed the camera from the shelves, I had her looking the other way. I didn't want her to know that she just made a porno film. Sam said he would make more than one with all of the footage he had. I haven't seen any of it yet.
Taking a dirty rag from the floor, I wiped some cum off her belly and tits. Then I opened the back door and told her to hurry to clean up. Still naked, she quickly ran into the women's bathroom. When she came back, she dressed putting the skirt and top back on. I took her hand and we went out the back way and around the opposite side of the building, to avoid being seen. Once she was sitting inside her Benz, she smiled and told me how much fun she had making all of those guys happy. Then she leaned over and we kissed for a few minutes.
Looking into her eyes I said, "I'm glad you enjoyed yourself M and I hope it wasn't too much."
She smiled and answered, "Oh no Geno. I'm so happy right now and very satisfied. I've must have had over 30 orgasms. I was so naughty tonight or is it morning." She laughed. "And I have you to thank for it fulfilling my request." Giggling, "But I'm still horny!"
After few more nice kisses on her lips, the odor of the different guy's cum that was still splattered all over her, made me quickly open the top. It was after 2 am when we started the 40 minute drive back to my place. As we drove down the winding canyon road toward the beach, three head lights approached me from the rear. Looking in my rear view mirror, I noticed them being motorcycles and didn't think anything of it, since the bar just closed.
When we stopped at the light at PCH, Mercedes suddenly blurted, "I getting so hot again. I'm going to need a nice cock in me very soon to sooth this fire that is beginning to rage in my pussy again."
I laughed to myself while thinking just stick her cunt out in the cold air. But instead, I reached over and placed my hand in between her legs and touched her wet vulva. I couldn't believe that her well used cunt felt like a piece of hot meat. She told me how good my fingers felt on her pussy and pushed my hand harder against her. As I was rubbing her fiery cunt, I didn't notice the motorcycles pulling up on each side of the car.
I heard a voice saying something about letting him take care of her fire. Turning around, it was the Asians on each side of the car. He laughed as he told me that it looked like my girl was still hot for cock and they would be happy to help. Snickering he reminded me of my comment that they could fuck her after everyone had a turn.
Mercedes hearing him asking for her, looked over at him and cried, "Oh please Geno. Let him. I want it so bad again. Please! I know how good it would feel. I'm burning up. Please let him!"
I just replied, "Okay!" Who am I to stand in the way of a horny girl wanting to fuck?
So he told me to follow them. We drove for about 5 minutes until he pulled into a dark parking lot on the beach. He had me park the car under a tree away from lights and being seen from the busy boulevard. Then they got off their bikes, took off their helmets and walked over to Mercedes side of the car. She instantly opened the door as they helped her out. Closing the door behind her, the taller Asian pushed her back against the side, had her raise her hands up, and pulled off her top. Then he threw it in the car. He immediately French kissed her and played with her tits.
The other two guys were walked over to him with one saying, "Hey Lee, let us see what the whore looks like."
He moved to her side and the three of them looked at her standing topless next to the car. Even being in the shadows, I could see the expression of lust on their faces. One of them asked if she was still hot. Lee pulled up her skirt and touched her pussy.
He laughed as he turned to the other two and answered, "Oh yeah Dudes. She's burning up. I bet she'll be good for at least another hour of fucking."
That's when Mercedes blurted, "I want a cock in me so bad, so who's going to be first?"
Lee took her over to the hood of the car. He picked her up, placed her on her back and pulled her to edge. Pulling up her skirt, he took out his small Asian cock and rubbed it hard. Standing in front of her, he spread her legs apart, and pushed them up her body. Then he stuck a condom on and pushed his hard tool into her sizzling cunt.
Mercedes moaned exactly what I had been hearing for hours, "Oh Yes! That feels so good in me! Oh! Oh! Fuck me! Don't stop. Yes! Yes!"
The other two guys moved her head to the front of the hood. Standing in front of her, they had her begin to suck on them. The noises of her gagging with cocks in her mouth and her moans of pleasure were like being at theater. I had a front row seat watching my beautiful classy Lady getting fucked like a cheap street whore and loved every minute of it. I continued watching Mercedes looking for any sign of discomfort, but instead all I saw was pure enjoyment. Her body moved back and forth as her tits jiggled from the action of being fucked. She continued having fun, until Lee pulled out from her hot cunt, walked over to her and pulled off his condom. He turned her head toward his cock and had her open her mouth. Then with a few more strokes, he unleashed a huge load of semen into her mouth and all over her face.
As he stuck his spewing cock in her mouth he said, "Oh that's it bitch. I've been waiting all night to dump a load in your mouth. That's it, suck me dry."
As she was sucking every last drop of goo out, the small Asian from the pool game put a condom on and began fucking her pussy. As he did, he began verbalizing what a hot fucking whore she was. He kept telling how much he wanted to fuck her cunt from watching her at the pool table. He chuckled as he said that she was well worth the wait.
That's when Lee came over to me and said, "Dude, do you like the show your whore is giving you?"
I answered, "Where's my money for allowing you guys to fuck her. It's 2 bills a pop."
He gave out a big laughing roar and replied, "Dude, we not paying you anything. You should be paying us."
I was shocked by his answer and went to get out to kick some Asian ass. But he held his leg against the door and told me to relax because he had something better than money to give me. He took a packed from his jacket and threw it at me.
Then he blurted, "I put the whole dose of fuck powder in her drink, when she was playing pool with us. She has taken to it very well and still hot for fucking. So you should thank me because without that stuff in her, she probably wouldn't have fucked all of the guys at the bar. Anyway, how many did she fuck there and how much money did you make?"
Not answering and thinking what a fucking ass hole he was, I took the packet of white substance that was the size of a large tea bag. It had one large Chinese symbol on the front and very small Chinese lettering on the back. Instantly I remembered them tilting her head back with Lee making her swallow all of the drink after the last game of pool. Afterwards, Mercedes said that it tasted gritty. It all made sense to me now to why she was begging for a cock. They drugged her and there is nothing I could have done about it. So I asked him what it was.
Laughing he answered, "Nothing habit forming dude and is what they give the whores in Asia to fuck all night. I brought a lot back from my last trip there and your whore was the first bitch we tried it on." He continued laughing as he revealed, "Although she is small, we probably should have only given her half a dose. She'll be alright once it wears off."
As he continued bragging and explaining the effects of what he gave Mercedes, the other two guys were taking turns fucking her. One would pump her for a few minutes and the other guy would say something about taking a turn. After some 30 minutes they eventually both dumped a load in her mouth drenching her face in the process. It dripped all over her boobs, chin and car. Then Lee asked if she was still hot. His friend said she was.
So he walked over to her, pulled her up and had her stand in the front of the car. Telling her to bend forward, she leaned over the hood with her ass in the air. He stood behind her and put on another condom. Then he began pushing his hard cock into her doggy style. Her face was right in front of me and I could tell by her expressions that she was enjoying him fucking her. Leaning up on her hands she looked right at me. Her eyes were twinkling and she smiled. Then she opened her mouth for air and began moaning to fuck her harder. It was like she was having the best fuck night ever and didn't want it to stop.
"Oh god that feels great. Yes! Yes! Fuck me harder! I want it so bad." Her cries of pleasure loudly echoed through the night air and I thought someone would call the cops. But no one did.
With her face dripping cum onto the hood she continued moaning. The other two guys were getting their pants back on when one said, "Hurry up Lee. Finish the bitch. We got to get going."
Lee started fucking her harder and harder, slapping her ass as he did. His friends kept bugging him to finish Mercedes and eventually he did. He pulled out, ripped off his condom. Pushed his cock at her pussy opening and spewed a load inside her hole. As sperm was being shot into her he bellowed, "I hope this gets you knocked up bitch."
When he was done and pulling up his pants he said, "Bitch, you have the nicest fucking cunt ever. You should come over to my place sometime so the rest of the guys can have fun too. You'll make a great breeder."
As he got on his Jap bike, he drove it over to me and said, "She's still needs it dude. Afterwards she'll pass out for around 8 hours, so I've been told. But until then, she'll still fuck like a rabbit. And dude, I would love to have her over at our club house for an encore performance. I'll even pay for her this time." Snickering, he threw me his business card and sped away.
I got out of the car and walked over to Mercedes. She was still breathing heavy and I asked if she wanted more. She just smiled and bent over the hood again and said please. I was already hard from seeing those guys fucking her. I took a condom from my wallet and put it on my raging hard on. Lee's cum was still dripping out of her pussy and down her legs, as I pushed myself into her honey pot.
Now I was pumping her just like everyone else did. The image of others fucking her ran through my mind making me even hornier. It was my turn making her moan in pleasure and I was enjoying her more than ever. It didn't take long for me to finally get to the point of spewing my load. I took off my condom, placed my cock at the entrance to her wide open slit and erupted into her pussy just like Lee did. She pushed back when she felt me cuming. As I spewed my load, I noticed her pussy wasn't hot any more. Once I finished cuming, I stood her up with some of my semen dripped down her inner thigh, just like the Asian. She smiled and as she was about to say something, fainted into my arms. Catching her, I held her limp body up. I was afraid she was dead, but she was just out. I opened the door and placed her on the seat. I guess that was the passing out part Lee told me about.
Taking her top, I wiped the goo off her face, but left our goo in her pussy and on her legs. Then I buckled her up. She stayed topless as I quickly drove the 30 minutes back to my place. I carried her up the stairs and placed her into the spare bedroom. Taking off her skirt, cum stained holey stockings and shoes, I covered her naked body with a blanket and went to catch some shut eye myself.
It was very draining watching her fuck all night. The night excursion went better than any anticipated venture that went through my head. She was now a cheap prostitute and I have video proof of her becoming one. The last step in my revenge plan was to make sure Tyler sees her in action. Then her life, as she said, would really be over. At least those were my thoughts as I laid my head down to snooze.
That fucking neighbor's dog woke me up around 9 am. I looked out the window to a great sunny hot day and went to take a shower. As I was drying off, I suddenly remembered last night. I put on a pair of shorts and rushed to the other room. Mercedes was still asleep. I opened the curtain, hoping the sun light would wake her up. She didn't stir. Pulling off the blanket, I looked at her naked body. There was lots of bruising on her inner legs and outer thighs. I gently spread her legs apart. I was stunned to see what used to be a nice clean pink pussy, being bruised and reddened with dry cum spattered on her pussy mound. These results definitely showed that she had fucked a lot of guys. Placing the blanket back over her, I left to brew some coffee. I really needed a cup.
As I sipped it, I went out back to yell at that damn dog. I looked at her car and noticed a few dents on the hood and over one front light. There were even several used condoms stuck to the grill. Opening the door, a puddle of dried cum was on her seat. I took a deep breath and went to my tool shed. First I washed the front of her car and cleaned the seat. Then I took my dent fixer equipment and sucked out the dents. Only one small one was left just above the front wheel. Suddenly I heard a bang inside the room Mercedes was in.
Rushing in, I saw her sitting on the floor. She fell out of the bed trying to get up. Looking up at me, she asked where she was. I told her my place. Then she said everything looked fuzzy and she didn't remember coming here. Lee did tell me that she would forget most of it. She was wobbly when she tried to stand, so I picked her up and carried her to the bathroom. She sat peeing, as I turned on the shower. Again she asked what happened and why her pussy hurts. I told her to take a nice shower with me and I'll explain once she wakes up. I took off my shorts and guided her into the shower holding her up until she got her balance. Her hair was still a sticky mess with dry cum so I washed it twice. When I went to wash between her legs, she winced and said to be gentle because she was very tender there. Once I got all of the dried cum off her, I gave her a robe and we went into the kitchen for coffee and something to eat. As I was making some eggs, she asked me what happened last night?
"Well Mercedes," I started. "What do you remember about last night?"
Sipping her coffee she smiled and answered, "I remember dinner and wanting to have sex at the restaurant. Then we went to the bar and I had lots of fun playing pool and!" She suddenly stopped and screamed, "Oh my god! I had sex with Hammer and he made me so horny that I had sex with other guys. But I don't remember anything about them or even how many. Please tell me what happened!"
I took her hands, looked into her gullible eyes and answered, "Nothing bad Mercedes. You basically had another Martini and had sex with only three guys after Hammer. In fact you begged me to stay to fuck them. Do you remember that?"
She answered, "Yes I do. I remember pleading with you to stay but you wanted to go." She laughed and said, "I had to say please over and over again before you agreed."
I chuckled because it was partially right. "Then you passed out from too much booze. But Darling, You were such an animal during sex, while yelling about how many orgasms you were having. I hope they didn't hurt you. Are you sure you don't remember anything else?"
I was hoping that she would have no memory of the event, especially the burning feeling between her legs brought on by some unknown drug. There was no way I was going to tell her that she had fucked 17 guys, including me and the Asians.
She thought for a minute and finally answered no. I was relieved that she didn't recall any of it. Then she asked what time it was and I told her it was almost noon. She panic and quickly got up and dressed in jeans, a bra and pink blouse. In five minutes she was ready to go. I walked her out to her car and she got in. When I went to kiss her, I saw her cum stained black top in the back. So I put my head in and reached for it. It took a few tries but I got it. Then I asked if I would ever see her again and to look in her glove box when she got home. I left her something.
Smiling she said, "Okay darling I will. But of course I'll see you as often as I can Geno. I realized I need sex just as much as being good. Call me next week Darling. I want to keep in touch. Who knows maybe we can do this again next weekend. But it will depend on Tyler. Darling, I'm so freaking late. I really must get going." One last kiss good bye and then I watched my little fucking nympho whore drive away.
What a great weekend of making my X a whore again. I was very happy with the results. I'll have to see what other adventures I can create for her, now that she wants to continue being bad. She has become my prostitute and there is no way I'm going let her go back to being a good religious girl. For now I'll let things stay as they are. But if I have too, Tyler her prude finance`, may have to see her in action from the videos. I gave her $500 in an envelope just to maintain in her head that she fucked for money.
Stay tuned for another story about Mercedes as my prostitute.