Flirted, Fucked, Filled, Fisted, Fulfilled.
After the exquisite fucking Rod had given me, we had both fallen asleep. I woke as the evening drew in with daylight fading needing a pee. Shuffling off the bed, quietly in an endeavour not to disturb my naked lover who was face down gently snoring, his board shoulders toned back tight bum stirring my newly awakened sexual appetite once more. His recent deposit started to leak from my pussy as I got to the ensuite shower room. I had to cup my hand to my crutch, stopping it from dribbling down my leg or on the floor. Opening my legs wide, I watched myself pee, another first, continued to watch as Rods juices streamed from my cunt, really surprised myself, at being fascinated and embarrassed by my perverse interest in the fluid plopping into the W.C.
I cleaned myself up and returned to bed, and Rod ready for more. He had moved his legs open with one leg bent at the knee. The object of my desire lay semi-hard, pointing down, his testicles slightly squashed and large.
His tight bum fascinated me, drawing me like a moth to a flame. Kneeling on the bed between his legs, I kissed each of his bum cheeks in turn, first one then the other, progressing to licking them as my desire enflamed, so much so, I felt myself moisten between my legs.
With my tongue extended, I licked the length of his cock, petted his balls and sniffed his arse crack. Rods slumbering cock tasted of our mixed juices, balls had the added flavour of sweat and body wash his bum crack of sweat body wash and earthiness.
I licked and sucked his cock and balls as I watched his meaty cock swell and harden as I concentrated on the sensitive crown glands savouring the tastes. My perverted feelings drove me to the taboo act of separating his bum cheeks and putting my nose near his anus, inhaling the mixture of scent, perspiration and earthy function. That was it! I licked his anal opening, became obsessed with it, rimming him for my pleasure as I milked his now rock hard thick cock. He was awake, moving, expelling the lung full of air he had held, moaning in pleasure, as I attempted for the first time in my life to push my tongue in an anal orifice. The wrongness of doing this driving me on, getting an inch of my stuff tongue into his hot cavity as I wanked his cudgel was extraordinary, sensory, exciting and the filthiest thing I had ever perpetrated.
Rod gasped, "put a finger in me?" Without a second thought, I soaked my second finger in my wet mouth and rubbed his crinkled well licked anal ring, pushing the tip against it, then with a little bit of force, to overcome the natural resistance into his warm, soft, smooth anal cavity. He gasped and moaned. Encouraged that I was doing it right from his moans, I pushed it into him to my second knuckle. He shoved back his body on my stiff finger, wanting more penetration from me. "More Claire, "he panted breathlessly. I obliged, wanting to please him, return the pleasure he had given me since we met. I finger
fucked him deep, as far into his ass as I could and out to his sphincter. He appreciated my efforts with lots of moaning, "Gods, yesses, oh my, fuck yes, and a few, fucking hell Clair, too."
Sensing he was near to ejaculating, I got him on his back and took his cock in my mouth and set about to show my appreciation of him and my emerging slutty side. I fingered his bum, sucked, swallowed and deep throat his thick cock, inserting my first finger beside the already embedded second finger, tipped him over the top of his climax. Spurt after spurt of his salty sperm filled my throat, making me swallow it all as quickly as I could. Practice helps seemingly.
I took a leaf out of the Rod book, kissed him, ensuring he shared the tastes I had enjoyed with him.
Rod ordered a pizza to be delivered. We shared a shower, washing each other thoroughly, enjoying the fun we made of the function of cleaning ourselves. I dressed in a long white T-shirt, ready for the food delivery. Rod sat on the bed naked, his back to the headboard. We were comfortable with each other, no discussion about our sexual cavorting took place.
I did question my morals, my outlandish behaviour, to myself, querying why I was acting like I was with a stranger. Not thinking deeply into the acts of slutty behaviour, more so why I had not done them before and when we would do them again. Sexual freedom.
I spread a clean dust sheet on the lounge floor so that we could look out of the window over the waterfront marina with its moored boats. I asked Rod to bring the pillows off the bed while I opened a bottle of Pinot and prepared some salad to have with the Pizza.
When the doorbell sounded, Rod was stretched out on the dust sheet reclining on the pillows model like, as in an old masters painting, nude lewd and rude. His cock floppy along his thigh, his testicle sack lose and relaxed. His head resting on his hand, his torso raised on his elbow. I snapped a shot of him, then hurried to the door as Rod shouted. "Give them a flash."
Smiling at his remark as I open the door, I became flustered at the sight of the striking delivery girl who smiled back at me with an open-faced amusement, obviously having heard Rod comment. Her heavy perfume heightened my senses.
Pizza delivery for Rod? Somewhat unnecessarily telling me as she locked eyes with me and knelt to get the Pizza from the bag at her feet, noticing her short skirt ride up her lean thighs and the show of her boobs down the neckline of her loose white blouse as she wrestled the carton from its snug delivery bag. Unable to resist ogling her. I went down on my haunches as I struggled with the self-closing apartment door, keeping it open with my bare bum as she passed me the box. She opened her legs seemingly carelessly, showed me her white knickers and bulging inviting pussy mound, smiling as she did.
In response, I stood up as I accidentally, using the box corner, pulled my T-shirt up exposed my shaved, moist, eye-level pussy to her gaze. Her smile widened as she indicated her interest in me by her licking her lips lavishly.
I never had before been so blatantly exhibitionist or voyeuristically drawn to another female body. This attractive young girl had me moist between my legs, embarrassingly hot for her, doing things I had never done before and revelling in the naughtiness of it.
Standing to her full height, a couple of inches taller than me, she leant over the box and fleetingly kissed me on my lips. Intoning breathlessly. "You must not let that get cold ... ." Quickly pointing at my pussy, then to her name and mobile phone number, written discreetly on the corner of the pizza box, whispering in my ear. "Please call me soon."Turning on her heels and leaving me wanting more, just one look back and a little wave as I watched her go. A slight niggle crossed her mind. Who was the phone number meant to be for, Dee did not know that I was here, did she?
What was going on with me? My mind and body reacted to someone of the same sex now. Sexually on heat again.
Rod and I picnicked in the lounge, each enjoying the evening breeze from the open balcony window, both naked, reclining and eating as the Romans. It seemed decadent, relaxing, sexual, lying on our sides, heads resting on hands, Rod his cock slack down his thigh, my knee bent my moist pussy in full view.
When we finished eating, Rod asked. "Did you flash the delivery guy?"
I smiled shyly, "yes, I did, I flashed my cunt," enjoying using the c-word, not a word I use in regular conversation, "they must have liked what they saw, gave me their mobile number!"
"I love your cunt, love filling it, I love licking it too. Are you going to phone him?"
"No, I am not going to call him, I am going to call the delivery girl Dee though she is hot," laughing in reply at his presumption.
"It was a girl!" Rod arched his eyebrows and gave me a questioning look. "Interesting. Is she nice?"
Without any consideration, I replied, "hope she will be naughty, not nice." regretting my forthright answer immediately, I had made it. I had never had a relationship with a girl or woman but was curious about the attraction to Dee. Showing to her and then my response to Rod, my feelings surprised me, keeping them to myself for so long.
The newfound freedom since moving to live in the apartment was my undoing or making? Only time would tell.
Rod cleared up the detritus of our picnic as I showered. He followed me in showering, his scent inflaming me again as he slipped into bed with me. I kissed him passionately, leaving him no doubt what I wanted. Our fucking was urgent, fuelled by looking at each other naked bodies. We fucked hard, filled my cunt and my need. Rod was an excellent, considerate lover, the best I'd had, not that I had much experience, Richard and two other brief unfulfilling flings with clients.
Rod got me to the point of no return in no time at all. The thundering climax he induced had me quivering all over my body. He continued to keep my heightened senses on edge, tipping me over three times more in blissful rolling orgasms, till he filled me with his sperm, feeling it pulsing into my well-lubricated well-fucked cunt.
We kissed both as we both basked in the afterglow of the torrid sex session. Till finally, we slipped into a deep sleep.
We woke with a start. Rods phone alarm indicated the need to get to work. Not having to travel from Felixstowe to Ipswich did enable us to enjoy a quicky. He positioned my half-awake body on all fours bum, pointing lewdly up to urgently and needily fuck me, once more exiting me as I felt wanted and because he filled my vagina fully.
Leaving my body spread eagle on the bed, dribbling his come from my cunt he kissed me on my bum cheeks as he got dressed. "I have a camera club meeting tonight. I'll call you at lunchtime." He smacked my ass and was gone before I realised he had slapped me as the sting permeated to and excited my pussy. I fingerfucked myself, riding on my hand wantonly till I exploded. Exhausted, I drifted off back to sleep.
I woke at around eleven, refreshed physically. A sticky mess between my legs and the need for a pee had me shuffling into the bathroom. Showering and peeing while standing seemed somehow liberating, even sexually salacious, another first for me.
I cleaned myself thoroughly, douched my vaginal and anal passages. Soaping my shower and sleep refreshed body, I thought over the sex I had with Rod, the chance meeting with him, the connection physically, his opening me up to sexual pleasure and with his thick cock, opening up and filling my cunt.
I shook myself out of my reverie, dried off, cleaned the bath, dried my hair, applied my make up and dressed in a mid-thigh red skirt, a white cotton blouse and black four-inch high heels. A red thong was my only underwear.
I left the apartment for only the second time in a week, heading down to my car in the basement car park to my six-month-old black Mini Cooper. I left the building and headed to Derby Road, a short five-minute journey to select carpets and vinyl flooring. I had decided to get the lounge furnished first, so allowing me to relax on seating rather than the bed, which usually led to sex or masturbation, I concluded. Was this a bad thing, I questioned! I certainly felt alive and fulfilled for the first time since the early days of meeting Richard.
The carpet showroom had a mass of samples, a confusing amount. I browsed, soon joined by a lady of around fifty, smartly dressed in a tailored plum-coloured suit and heels, the same height as me very attractive, immaculate in her appearance, shoulder-length hair, subtlely perfumed with Chanel No.5. When she spoke to me, she had my full attention.
"Can I be of any help to you, Miss?" she asked me in a cultured voice.
Sniggering in response, "Miss? I have not been called that for twenty years or more".
Her smile exposed a perfect set of white teeth. "Surely, not true, you look to be mid-thirties at the most," her looking at me closely disarmed me, "flawless skin, clear blue eyes, beautiful hair." Taking a step back, she continued as she appraised my body, "perfect figure, confident with it and rightly so in my opinion." She smiled at me, not embarrassed at her blatant salespersons bullshit. However, I became mesmerised by her lips, imagining kissing them, her kissing mine.
It was happening again! Did I have lesbian written on my forehead? Was I giving off a vibe of availability or need from a newly found inbuilt gaydar transmitter?
Trying to get some control of the situation, I asked. "I need an estimated cost for this carpet? I have the sizes." stuttering as I passed the paper with the sizes scribbled on and pointing to the floor covering I had selected. "This is the vinyl I have chosen for the kitchen area," as we moved to a display a few feet away and pointed at the sample.
"Come into my office lets work out the cost for you, Miss." I giggled at the 'Miss' and followed, noting her shapely bum enhanced by her tight-fitting skirt.
In the small tidy office, she offered me the seat facing the desk, which she sat behind poised with an enquiry note pad and set about calculating the cost. On finishing the estimate and turning the notebook to face me so I could read, indicated the total cost, "This includes door bars and fitting but not any removal of the existing flooring if there is any Miss."
"That is fine, please will you measure the rest of the apartment rooms and let me have a price for the whole job perhaps at the same time check my measurements too." realising what I had said.
"My pleasure, Miss," she smiled and arched her eyebrows. "If I check your measurements tomorrow, it can be fitted on Tuesday."
"I'm in all day come any time," I suggested with a rye smile.
"What is your full name? Miss"
"Claire Castel," I said and followed it with the address of my apartment. A time for a survey, arranged, a deposit given her business card passed to me. stating, Frieda Holland, Proprieter. The card informed me. Taking my hand to shake it, she pulled me to her and hugged me. I did not stop her. I did not want to stop her "tomorrow," she breathlessly whispering in my ear and brushing it with her lips as we parted at the door.
I left the showroom flustered, only looking back on getting in my car. I gazed at the shop frontage in disbelief of what had happened, trying to understand my responses and agitated stimulated state. Was my free status, free of Richard, encouraging latent bisexual feelings? Frieda waved through the window as I quickly started the car and moved off.
I drove to The Waterfront, the wet dock, fortunately finding a parking space in front of The Salthouse Harbour Hotel, where I had promised to myself, to visit and dine in some time.
Standing leaning on the car, I tried to calm the coursing of my pumping heart and blood in my body. Frieda had excited me, fantasising about kissing her, her hot lips searing mine.
Deep breathing and pushing the thoughts from my mind and strolling along the dockside snapping with my mobile phone, the boats, the buildings eventually slowing my heart rate.
A half an hour later, I returned to my car with my mobile phone in hand, scrolling on it, through my photographic efforts, I had a call from Rod. A welcome call.
"Claire, I have been rushed this morning and so sorry that I am just now calling, not got long to talk, as I have a meeting with the area manager in a few minutes."
I sympathised with him.
"A fortnightly meeting tonight at my photographic club, in Felixstowe, means we will not be able to meet tonight ... is this ok with you, I can cancel if you want me to."
"It is all fine, disappointed, but it is fine with me, lover," I replied. "I have a prior arrangement myself on Friday night. We can meet up on Saturday night if you want."
Rod seemed relieved, he continued. "My sister Vera, and her husband Tony, have invited me and my significant other as she put it to me. To a bar-b-que at their beach hut at Felixstowe ferry, their friends who own the adjacent hut will be there and also be a couple who I have never met. Weather permitting, of course." Pausing to gauge my reaction, "Are you up for a party."
"I would like that, about being a significant other, not sure, tell your sister that we are more fuck buddies."
He laughed.,"I will call you to fill you in with arrangements with times etc. Saturday morning, I have to go. Bye Claire." With this, the call ended.
'Rod, as a significant other', was not going to happen. There is no way will I tie myself down again. Rod, as good as he was, was not for me, a love interest. Rods, thick cock was exquisite. He filled me, as I had never been, filled before. He fucked me good. I loved having sex together, but not Rod.
Leaning my body against my car, arms on its roof, thinking about getting a drink in Issacs when someone slapped my bum.
I turned sharply, about to admonish them to find Dee smiling broadly at me, "I could not resist."
I returned her smile. Dee joined me, leaning on the car and me, close up she, smelt divine, fresh, scented, as beautiful as I remembered, the heat of her body permeated through her clothes that consisted of a crop top and yoga leggings.
Dee radiated physical health. She glowed with fitness.
"A drink, beautiful lady?" She asked as she pointed at the pub. "I could with a drink just done two hours of gym work, certainly earned a wine or two," Dee said, hopefully.
I noticed her gym bag on the pavement, picked it up and put it in the car boot. We linked arms and entered the pub. Dee guided me to the upper outside seating area, where we got a table overlooking the Marina.
"With me insisting, I got the white wine we had decided on from the bar, with a bottle of Pinot and two glasses, I returned to our table. She poured the wine, took my hand in hers and stared engagingly into my eyes, holding my gaze almost hypnotically.
"I am so glad I saw you I was hoping you would call me a chance meeting may be better though, equal, it avoids any awkwardness, especially as you have not yet told me your name... ."
I was mesmerised by Dee. mumbling in reply, "Claire, my names Claire."
We both took a drink of our wine, licking her full lips made my heart fluttered at the sight of the tongue tip moving between her moist lips. I was lost!
We drank the wine, talked, held my hand, inched her seat closer to me, I leaned towards her. Inhaling her perfume' sent me dizzy with desire. I took the plunge, pulling her head to me and kissed her, kissed her lips. I sensed I had surprised her reluctance transmitted as Dee stiffened to my touch, so I pulled back from our kiss, but she followed me and pulled me to her. Our kissing was thrilling, so good, so exciting. Our tongues fenced deeply in our mouths, eliciting moans from each of us.
I never had anything other than a non-sexual kiss with a female before, never felt an attraction to another woman. I was curious about the emotions that would be stirred within one, as I watched lesbian films, on one occasion a threesome scene too, two women and a guy. Curiosity was all it was, only curiosity.
I sensed the people seated near us quieten, feeling they were watching us, broke the kiss and looked over the moored boats to regain control and avoid the stares. Laughter from Dee encouraged me to turn to her. Her eyes were wide open and bright with lust, her smile broad and her cheeks blushing delightfully. I must have looked the same.
We drank the remaining wine while still holding hands. Our 'audience' returned to noisy chatter with an occasional glance at us. We visibly calmed down, but internally I was sexually charged, thoughts of Rods cock filling me and Dee kissing me flitted in and out of my mind.
Dee leaned into me and whispered in my ear between licking my lobe, "my place is nearer, I want you!."
We left Issacs hastily, got in my car with not a thought of drinking and driving if I was over the legal limit or not, I drove Dee to her apartment, a mere two hundred yards from the pub.
Parking where she instructed me, we entered the four-story block and took the lift to the top. Her apartment was to me, surprisingly unlocked, leading me into a bedroom, her bedroom from the aroma of the scent she used, shouting as we entered, to whoever else was in the apartment, "only me, Gina."
I realised she shared with others. Her bedroom was a little untidy, the bed unmade, but everything looked as she did, clean and smelt fresh. Dee threw her gym bag in a corner and pulled me to her.
"I have been unable to think of little else than doing this since I met you, Claire. You turn me on so much."
She kissed me passionately as I returned her wanton kiss. Taking my hand, she guided it inside the top of her yoga leggings down to her bare hairless pussy. "Do you feel how wet I am, how moist you have got me?"
Without hesitation, I felt her wet shaven cunt, her smooth skin, her juices soaking my fingers as I slipped them between her pussy lips. Just as a duck takes to water, I instinctively knew my way around her cunt. She kissed me hard as I fingered her, doing what I did to myself, seemingly exciting her, judging by her response. She moaned as we kissed. She fumbled with my dress, undid my bra, pushed my panties down till I was naked, standing with my clothes at my feet. My blood coursed through my veins with expectation.
Her soft hands were feeling my naked body from my bum cheeks, up to to my neck and all places between, as I fingered her cunts outer lips. She humped my hand in response, insinuating herself onto my stiff digits. Dee moaned and panted into my mouth as we kissed deeply.
Her hands held and kneaded a bum cheek in each she drew me to her, forcing my hand harder against her cunt. Writhing her tight muscled body against me, stimulating me to finger fuck her quicker and to fetch her off. She stiffened, shook and convulsed till finally, her legs gave way, neither of us could hold her up, we collapsed onto her bed.
I extracted my trapped hand from between our bodies, regaining our breathing as each of us gasping for air from our exertions.
Dee looked wild as she rolled off me. With somewhat of a struggle and writhing on the bed, she purposely pushed down her jogging pants and took her crop top off, revealing her toned body to me.
Her hands cupped my boobs, tweaked my hard excited hard nipples. Kissing my mouth, neck and upper chest, she moved down my body, sucking my flesh, nibbling my tits, licked my tummy and belly button. Exciting me as I knew her destination, wanting to experience her sensual touch for the first time, heightening my expectation. Dee kissed my inner thighs, kissed just above my pussy, licked below my lips near my anus, causing me to hold my breath. Her tongue gently touching my outer cunt lips caught my breath, making me gasp and inhale deeply. A pause, followed by slowly lapping her tongue from my rosebud anus through my labia to my pronounced clit had me panting as though I was having a fit. Dee needed to hold my hips down as the sensations she gave me with her talented, practised tongue and lips made me want to avoid her oral administration that turned me into a quivering orgasming mess, yet encourage them. Exquisite torcher.
I produced copious amounts of lady juice, becoming aware of it running from me as Dee lapped it up as it flowed to my anus, till she decided to drink from the source, licking, lapping and sucking my sensitised vagina. My legs were splayed as wide as I could get them, my muscles trembled as I came again and again. I had not had such amazing oral sex before, rolling orgasms, shuddering heart fluttering orgasms.
Dee concentrated on my clit, prodding it with the tip of her tongue, raising on my elbows to watch her delight in the response she got from me, her eyes wide and shining, connecting with mine and expressing that look that said your mine, got you!
She had!
Dee slid a long finger in my wet hole and imitated a cock fucking me, in and out, slowly quickly, as she sucked on my clit. Finding my voice and confidence and having decided I was all in, I wanted more, panting. I demanded, "Dee, more, more fingers!"
Her eyebrows arched, surprised by my need or demand or that I demanded them. I needed them!
Giving me a questioning look from between my splayed legs, she showed me three of her fingers bunched together as she continued to suck my clit, continuing the sensations she was giving me.
I nodded enthusiastically, giving her no doubt of my need. "Put them in me, fuck me!" grabbing her wrist, I guided her stiff fingers into me, enjoying the feeling of her opening and stretching my vaginal opening, enjoying the thought of wanting this, the sense of the perverse act of sexual gratification. Lesbian sex.
Dee fucked me hard with her juice lubricated fingers, in and out with speed, while sucking on my pulsing, unbelievably sensitised clitoris. My rolling orgasms built into an exploding eruption of pleasure as, on an outstroke of her fucking action, she folded her fingers and thumb together, so her slim hand formed a penile shape and pushed it fully into my stretched hole, deep in me. Orgasming seeing stars as my heart pounded, bodily shaking and convulsing as though in a fit. Both my hands were gripping the bedsheets as I tried to clamp my legs together to stop the all-consuming pleasure I was getting, failing badly. Dee held my hips and redoubled her oral onslaught on my clit and fisting me relentlessly. Filling, my stretched vagina, her fingers touching my cervix, shocking me to my core as I had never felt the sensation before, no one, nothing had been where Dee had her fist! I swooned in disbelief and fulfilment of the climax I reached as the out of this world feelings took over my body and mind.
=================
All participants are over 18 years of age.
____________. Copyright Villan2242.