My life took an interesting turn after I graduated from high school. I was one of the girls that boys wanted to date, lusted after and eventually fuck. I am 5'2" tall, weigh 110 pounds and am 35-24-37 with a B size cup. Yeah, my tits could be bigger, but I can get by quite well with my B's. I have blond hair and blue eyes, and the words I hear boys using to describe me to their friends are: pretty, build like a brick shit house, perky, great smile and cute. I was an 'A' student and a cheerleader and my boyfriend Brian was one of the hottest guys in school. He lettered in three sports, was 5'8" tall and 170 pounds. He was extremely well built, but not grossly muscle-bound.
Even though Brian and I lived on opposite sides of town, our families belonged to the same county club. Our parents had already matched us up for marriage and kids after we both graduated from college. I planned to attend a university in Chicago to become a nurse and Brian was heading to California to major in law.
Brian and I dated all through high school, but delayed having sex until we both turned 18 during the summer and fall of our senior year. That way I could get birth control without my mother finding out. Once I had taken the pills for a month, we then began experimenting with sex. I could tell that it felt better for Brian than it did for me, but it was still a nice feeling. After we graduated, we spent the first two weeks of summer having sex in his car, in my car, in one of our bedrooms when parents weren't around and once, in the park. Although I thought there should be more to it, we only had missionary sex and blow jobs.
Brian had to go to college three weeks before me so he could meet with coaches and begin weight training. We decided to get a hotel room in the next town on the weekend before he left and spend the whole weekend making love and eating in bed. We would tell our parents that we were staying with friends. A few days beforehand, we drove to the hotel and made our reservation at the front desk. Little did we know that Lamar Green was watching us at the check in counter.
Lamar was a black piece of shit thug that attended high school with us. I don't know if he graduated or not, and really didn't care. As I said, he was a piece of shit. He would stand in the hallway and grab his crotch and say crude things to all of the good looking white girls as they passed. "Hey baby, why don't you come grab this. Crawl over here and kiss it, Baby. Once you had black, you never go back." When he passed us in the halls, he would intentionally brush our breasts or asses. Since he was so intimidating, we all tried to avoid him. Lamar was way over six feet tall and had to weigh more than 200 pounds. And he had big muscles. That's why nobody messed with him. He made some money in high school selling drugs, but landing this job in the hotel was a lucky break. He was making a small fortune with access to so many customers.
When we left the hotel, Lamar ambled over and said to the clerk, "Hey Momma, that looked like two kids I went to school with. Was that Brian and Sue?" The desk clerk, who would love to fuck Lamar, smiled and said, "Yep. It looks like they're planning a farewell fuck-fest this weekend. Lamar nodded and walked away already working on a plan to finally get in my's pants.
Friday evening, Brian and I checked in and went to their room. After I gave him a quick blow job, we ordered room service. Lamar's friend Lester worked in the kitchen of the hotel and Lamar had filled him in on the plan and promised that he could fuck me when he was finished. Both of them had the night off, but Lester was hanging around and volunteered to take the order up to our room. On the way to the room, he drugged the food so we would fall asleep. Lamar and Lester then hung around the kitchen for an hour and then took one of the master keys and let themselves in to the room. Both of us were out. They stood Brian up and carried him to his car. Lamar drove and Lester followed to a nearby shopping center. Lamar put a small amount of cocaine on his finger and held it under Brian's nose so he would breathe it in while leaving a light residue around his nose. Then he put another dose in his glove compartment. Then they left an old roach clip and a couple of joints in the center console of his car. Lester then drove Lamar back to the hotel.
Lamar told his friend that he would call him later and then came back to the our room. In the meantime, Lester called the police and reported an unconscious male in his car at the shopping center. And that took care of Brian. I was still unconscious and lying on the bed in my underwear. Lamar stripped me, stuck a couple fingers in my pussy and worked them around until I was wet. Then he fucked me and came inside of me. Afterwards he ordered beer and pizza from room service. What the hell, I was paying for it. Lester arrived shortly with the food and beer, and while Lamar ate pizza, Lester saw that I was still unconscious, so he fucked me. They took pictures of Lester fucking me and then posed me in different positions so they could get some good pictures for blackmail, just in case. Little did they know that they wouldn't need them.
After Lester had a beer and left, Lamar noticed that I was starting to come around so he jumped back on me and started pounding my pussy. When I regained consciousness, I opened my eyes and saw Lamar's face. I began to panic. I looked at Lamar's evil smile and felt my pussy more full than it's ever been. I started to struggle and said, "Get . ... off . . . me . . . you . . .piece . . .of . . . shit!" Lamar laughed and said, "You'll be begging me to fuck you in a minute."
I said, "Please . don't Lamar. Stop. Please."
Lamar kept ramming his cock in and out of me and said, "Beg me to fuck you, bitch!"
"Oh . . oh . . aa-r-r-gh! Please Lamar! S-s-stop." I screamed.
Lamar knew that I was on the verge of a major orgasm. My hips were humping back at him. He said, "Beg me to fuck you bitch."
"A .aa. .rrgh! Aaah! P-p-please Lamar!"
He took me right to the edge of an orgasm and then stopped pumping me. I was going crazy with lust and I tried to hump him when he stopped. "W-w-why did y-you stop?" I asked pleadingly.
"Beg me bitch! Beg me to finish fucking you." He drove his cock back into me and then pulled it back out, and then stopped again.
I was going crazy, "Please Lamar. Put it back in me."
"I said 'Beg me to fuck you,' bitch."
"OK! OK! Please fuck me Lamar. I want your cock in my pussy. I want you to cum in me, Lamar. Please."
"That's better, bitch." Lamar pounded me for the next 15 minutes and gave me 3 climaxes. He yelled, "I'm coming bitch. Where do you want it?"
I was beyond caring at this point. "Cum in my pussy, Lamar. I want your black cum in my pussy." I could feel his cum hitting the walls of my pussy and it made me cum again. I never knew it could be like this. Brian had never made me cum like this. Hell, he had never even made me cum at all.
After Lamar rolled off, he said, "Clean my cock bitch. Lick it clean." I was shocked. What did he mean 'clean it off?'
"What do you mean," I asked.
"Get down there and lick my cock clean. That's part of your job now." I had never considered doing something like that before, but I crawled down and licked the tip of his cock. "That's good bitch. Now clean the rest of it."
I realized that I liked the taste of his cum as I filled my mouth with Lamar's cock. As I was sucking his cock, I noticed that it started to grow. 'Hmmm,' I thought, 'I wonder if I can make this beautiful cock hard again.' I sucked and licked Lamar's cock as he leered at me with a smirk on his face. He knew that this hot little snooty bitch was now his.
When Lamar's cock was fully hard, he said, "Look what you did, bitch. Now you're going to have to fix it." I grinned at him and started to roll over so Lamar could pound my pussy again. "Not so fast bitch. Tell me what you want."
I said, "I want your cock, Lamar. Please."
"I need to think about it for a minute, bitch. It didn't sound like you really wanted me to fuck you."
I was frustrated with him, but I was also wet and horny. I pleaded, "Please Lamar. Fuck me, please. I need your big black cock in my little pussy."
"Who's pussy is that, bitch."
I immediately understood. "It's your pussy, Lamar. You own my pussy. You own my whole body, Lamar. I belong to you now."
Lamar flipped me over on my stomach and fucked me doggy style while pulling my hair and squeezing my tits. I creamed at least six times before I finally passed out. I woke up the next mornig and found Lamar in bed next to me. I looked at the man who now owned my pussy and asked, "Lamar, can I suck your cock? Please?"
"I think I've turned you in to a black cock slut quicker than I thought I would. Yes ahead and suck my cock, bitch. But don't spill any of my cum. Swallow all of it. Do you understand me, bitch?"
"Oh yes, Lamar. I won't spill any. I like the taste."
I sucked his cock and swallowed all of Lamar's cum. Then I licked his whole cock and sat up. "How did I do, Lamar?"
"You did OK, bitch." Lamar looked at me and said, "Do you remember all those times in school when your stuck up ass called me a piece of shit?" I was so ashamed and I couldn't look at his face. He continued, "And now, you're calling me Lamar, and I'm calling you 'bitch.' You're begging me to fuck you. Do you like being my bitch? Do you like being a black cock slut?"
I lifted my head and looked at Lamar. "I am so sorry Lamar. I was mean to you. I shouldn't have called you that." I thought for a minute and then looked Lamar in the eye and said, " And yes, I do like being your bitch. And I think I will like being your black cock slut."
Lamar said, "Suck my cock, slut. Make it hard so I can fuck you again." Without a second thought, I wrapped my lips around Lamar's cock and sucked until he was hard. Lamar said, "Now tell me what you want bitch."
"I want you to fuck me, Lamar. I want to be your black cock slut. My pussy belongs to you and I want you to cum in it and then I will clean your cock with my mouth. Please Lamar. Let me be your slut."
Lamar rolled her over and fucked me for 30 minutes before cumming in my pussy. I dutifully cleaned his cock and then rolled over beside him. There was a knock on the door. Lamar got up and walked to the door while I covered up with the sheet. When Lamar opened the door, Lester pushed in a food cart and grinned at his friend. "Your turn," Lamar said as he looked towards me.
"Wha . . what?" I said.
"Shut up, cunt. He already fucked you once. You're my property now and I said you're gonna fuck Lester."
I sadly nodded my head and Lester climbed between my legs and pounded me for the next 20 minutes. I was thrashing and moaning like a common street whore the whole time. When he finished, I went down and cleaned his cock as I had been instructed to do by Lamar.
"Well, bitch," Lamar asked, "how was it?"
"Oh my God, Lamar! It was great. I really am a black cock slut."
We all laughed and grabbed some food from the cart. I wasn't the least bit concerned or embarrassed by being naked while they ate. The two men leered at my naked body and noticed that my nipples were hard the whole time they were eating. When they finished, Lamar said, "Let's work this bitch over some more, Lester. Are you OK with that slut?"
I looked at the two big black guys, both over six feet tall and over 200 pounds. I thought of my little 5'2" body and knew that it was going to happen whether it was OK or not. But I also knew that this is what I wanted. I hadn't even thought about Brian since I woke to Lamar's cock pounding my pussy. All I could think about were those two big cocks pounding my pussy. I knew that this was what my body was made for. I said, "I'm OK with you guys doing anything you want with me, Lamar. I want to suck both of you and then I want you to fuck me. I've never had two cocks in me at the same time before and I'm excited to try it now."
Lester said, "All right Lamar, let's do it." I dropped to my knees and took turns sucking the two big blacks. When they were both hard, Lester laid back on the bed and Lamar said, "Slut, climb on his cock." I immediately jumped up and slid onto his cock. While I rode Lester's cock, Lamar coated his cock with lotion and then approached my ass. He inserted a finger and I looked back at him in alarm. He smiled and said, "Don't worry bitch. It's just my fingers." Over the next few minutes, he continued lubing his fingers and inserting them into my ass until he had four fingers in me. Between Lester in my pussy and the fingers in my big ass, I was coming like a whore. At the peak of one of my climaxes, Lamar pulled his fingers out and rammed his cock halfway into my ass. I screamed and collapsed on Lester. Lamar drove the rest of his cock into me and then both men started pumping my body. I was sobbing and trying to get my ass free of Lamar's cock, but I was completely impaled. As they pumped and pumped, my sobs subsided and I eventually began riding both cocks. I had three orgasms before those wonderful black cocks pumped their seed into my body. As they all collapsed onto the bed, I cleaned both cocks with my mouth. When I laid back between my lovers, I couldn't recall ever being this satisfied.
The two men fucked me all day. That evening, Lamar told me that Lester had to leave but he had another friend coming to replace him. Lester left around 5:30 and Lamar ordered room service for dinner. After we ate, I was sucking Lamar's cock for my dessert when there was a knock on the door. Lamar held my head on his cock and yelled, "It's unlocked. Come in." I could hear someone enter the room, but my head was glued to Lamar's cock so I couldn't see who it was. I sucked him to climax and then turned to see that three new black men had entered the room and were staring at my nude body. When I jumped back in surprise, they laughed and Lamar said, "This is the bitch I told you about. She will suck and fuck all of you for the next couple of hours while I go run a few errands. Sue, take care of my friends." With that, he got dressed and left the room.
Even though I was kind of tired, I was getting excited. One of the men grabbed my hair and kissed me. When we broke the kiss, he spit in my face and called me a black man's cum slut. The men laughed at me as I wiped the spit from her face. Then I put it into my mouth and the laughing stopped. They knew I would enjoy their abuse.
For the next two hours, they had their way with me. They used all of my holes at the same time. They slapped my face, my tits and my ass. They DP'd my pussy with two cocks. They made me lick their ass holes. They called me every derogatory name they could think of. And I loved every minute of it. All of us were spent after two hours. When Lamar came back, he asked, "Did she treat you right?"
The men all nodded and one of them said, "That slut is really something. I think we should get a dozen men to gang bang her. She'd love it. Or you could put her on the street and she would make you a lot of money." I was lying on the bed listening to them talk about me as if I wasn't there, and instead of being disgusted, I was getting turned on. Lamar looked down at his new white slut and saw that my pussy was leaking on the sheet as they were talking about her.
"I think you guys are right," he said. "Thanks for taking care of her for me."
Lamar and I spent the night together. We fucked a couple of times and then just laid next to each other. During the breaks from sex, Lamar began working on my mind, and by morning, I was completely his. I agreed to fuck him anytime he wanted to fuck. I would fuck anyone he told me to. I would sell my ass on the street for him.
We had breakfast in the room and then I settled the bill and left for home. Two days later, Lamar texted me and told me to meet him at an apartment in a rundown part of town. I wasn't happy about leaving my BMW on the street in that neighborhood, but Lamar told me it would be OK. After sucking Lamar and the other man in the apartment, we all sat down to talk. I told them that I was completely at their disposal for the next three weeks before I had to begin college in Chicago. Lamar didn't even hear the last part. He said, "BE here tonight at 9:00 and dress like a slut. You're going to make me some money with that hot pussy"
"OK," I said. "If I come a few minutes early, can I suck you first, Lamar?"
He laughed. "What a whore you are. Yes, I might let you suck my cock if you ask nicely. Now get the fuck out of here, bitch."
I arrived back at the apartment at 8:30 in a tight black leather mini skirt and a button up blouse with all but two buttons unbuttoned. I begged, "Lamar, will you please let this worthless slut suck your wonderful black cock? Please Lamar. I'm begging you to cum in my whore body." He laughed at me, which turned me on even more. The he pulled out his cock and let me suck it.
Afterward, Lamar took me outside and put me to work as his prostitute. I worked the next two and a half weeks as Lamar's slut prostitute and earned more than $5000 for him. Lamar only let me be with black men and he let my customers treat me however they wanted. I was fucked in all of my holes. I was called every name they could think of. I was pissed on and I licked their ass holes. Some spanked me and slapped my face and tits. These huge black men abused my little white body for hours each day.
A couple of days before I was to leave for school, I picked Lamar up in my BMW and told him that I didn't know what I would do without his cock in Chicago. I told him I was addicted to his black cock and needed it every day. I was thinking of dropping out of college and working for Lamar full time. Lamar just couldn't believe that this once proud and snooty hot bitch, who wouldn't give him the time of day, had sunk this low.
He said, "Listen cunt. Let me call a friend in Chicago and see if he can use you in his enterprise while you're in school. When you're on breaks, you can come back here and be with me"
"What would I do?" I asked.
"The same thing you're doing now. You would fuck any black guy that he tells you to fuck. Now shut up and let me call him."
When the phone was answered, Lamar said, "Hey Jamal. Lamar here. Yeah yeah, I'm good. Listen, I got this little white slut working for me that is moving to your town for a while and I was wondering if you could use her. . . . No, no, she's clean. She not on anything. She just likes to fuck. . . . No, that's the beauty of it. You don't have to pay her or give her drugs or anything. You just have to let her fuck whoever you tell her to."
Lamar listened for a while and said, "Listen Jamal. You make up your own mind whether you want her or not, but at least take a look at her and let her suck your cock. . . . No, she's not ugly. She's a short little thing, about five foot or five two, blond hair and nice firm titties. She's got a plump fuckable ass and she's crazy. She will suck your cock after you fuck her ass and she will lick your ass. She'll do gang bangs and take two in her pussy at the same time. She will do whatever you tell her to."
Lamar listened and then said, "No Jamal, I don't want a cut. I just want you to look after her for a while so she can go to college in Chicago to become a nurse or something. OH yeah, she will be a student so you can only whore her out at night and on weekends. And she's got enough money to support herself. When she graduates, she wants to come back here so then she'll go back to work for me. But in the meantime, you get a free hooker for a few years. . . . You will? That's great! I'll send her to your club as soon as she gets there. Thanks brother."
Lamar turned to me and said, "Write this down, bitch." He gave me Jamal's club's address. "When you get settled, go see Jamal and he'll pick up where I leave off." I was smiling ear to ear. "Now bitch," Lamar said, "get your ass out of the car and suck my cock and lick my ass hole." I couldn't think of a better ending for the evening than to please the man who owned my body.
When I arrived in Chicago, I checked in to my apartment, registered at school, bought my books and then went to see Jamal. I made sure to wear one of my sluttish skirts and a tight tank top with no bra. I found his club and asked for Jamal. After being shown into his office and introducing myself, Jamal had me on my knees with his cock in my mouth within two minutes. Hmmmm, maybe my time in Chicago wouldn't be so bad after all.
Since I was in the fast track program, I was able to attend school year round and get my nursing degree in three years. Unfortunately, that meant that I didn't get to see much of Lamar, except on holiday breaks. And then I had to tactfully split my time between my parents and my time getting fucked by Lamar and his friends. But I was getting plenty of cock in Chicago. After Jamal shared me with his friends, he pimped me out for parties and gangbangs. During my downtime, I serviced Jamal and his friends at his club. I don't know how much money Jamal made off my pussy over the three years I was in Chicago, but it had to be thousands. I never took a dime for myself and I was pimped out for money two nights a week and all weekend. And he kept me busy.
As my graduation was approaching, I told Jamal that I would be leaving soon to go back home and to Lamar. Jamal gave me an evil smile and then said, "Sit down cunt." He picked up a television remote and said, "Watch this." For the next ten minutes I watched video of me getting gangbanged, begging black men to fuck me, licking black ass and getting DP'd in my pussy. I was shocked.
"Wha . . when did . . why did you . .?" I stammered.
"Shut up cunt. I taped some of your performances as you can see. There's been a change of plans. You're going to stay here and continue working for me. Your pussy is a gold mine. If you don't, then these videos will be sent to your parents. Do you understand, cunt?"
"Y-y-yes," I replied.
"Good, now suck my cock. After that call your parents and tell them you're staying here. Then you'll be moving into my crib"
I sucked his cock and then went back to my apartment. Before I called my parents, I thought I should call Lamar to let him know I was staying in Chicago.
He yelled, "What? What do you mean you're staying in Chicago? I want your ass back home now. Do you understand me, bitch?"
I started crying and he eventually got the whole story out of me. I could never keep anything from Lamar. He said, "Don't do anything, bitch. I'll get back to you."
Lamar sat and thought for a few minutes. I don't think he was willing to give up the easiest and hottest piece of ass he'd ever had. And I don't think he was willing to give up all the money that he could make peddling my ass on the street. He called his Uncle Darius and asked if he could come over. Darius, known as 'Big D,' was the biggest thug and gangster in the state. He was 52 years old, and miraculously had managed to stay alive this long.
"Uncle D," Lamar began, "I have a problem and I need your help." 'Big D' listened patiently to Lamar tell him about this hot little white bitch that he had turned into his personal slut. He listened to how Lamar had agreed to lend her, at no charge, to Jamal. And then he listened to Lamar say that he wanted her back.
'Big D' smiled at his nephew and said, "She'll be home by Saturday, Lamar."
Lamar thanked his uncle and left. Big D picked up the phone and called Jamal. "What," Jamal said as he answered the call.
"Do you know who this is Jamal?" Big D asked.
"Y-yeah, man. You Big D."
"That's right. I understand you have something that belongs to my nephew Lamar and he wants her back."
"C'mon Big D, she just a white whore. I can send Lamar three of my girls in exchange. OK?"
"Jamal, have your boys deliver the little slut and her belongings back to her parent's house by Saturday afternoon. You can do whatever you want with her until then as long as you don't damage her."
"Awww, man, c'mon Big D," Jamal whined. "I'll give Lamar five of my whores for this little slut."
"Saturday afternoon, Jamal. Or get your affairs together and don't plan on living past the weekend."
"Alright D," he said. "I'll have here there. You said we could do anything we want to her before then, right? As long as we don't mark her up?"
"Yeah Jamal, she's yours till the weekend. And send me all your videos and pictures of the little slut. I don't want them finding their way online or to her family."
"Alright, man. She'll be there," Jamal said grudgingly. 'Damn,' he thought, 'I really hate to lose that little slut. Her body was like my own personal ATM machine. They both hung up and Jamal called in one of his associates. He said, "Round up a dozen of the boys and have them at my house tonight. Tell em to plan on being there for a while. We're going to abuse this little bitch before we send her home."
Jamal called me and gave me the word that his boys would be taking me and my stuff home on Saturday. He told me to get my stuff packed and ready and then come to his place tonight at 9:00 and plan to stay there until Saturday morning. I was excited to be going back home and to see my mom and dad and Lamar. As I was packing up my stuff, I was thinking about spending next week looking for a job and then spending the nights with Lamar's cock down my throat. I finished packing, took a shower, dressed in my slutty clothes and headed over to Jamal's place.
When I arrived, I noticed that his driveway was filled with cars, and when I entered his house, I saw that there were about a dozen big black guys ogling my tits and ass. They all had evil grins on their faces as Jamal stepped forward and announced, "I see the 'slut of Honor' has arrived. With that he handed me a glass of something, we clinked glasses and both chugged our drinks. Little did I know that mine was laced with something that would make me compliant and in a dazed state for the next 12 hours.
It didn't take long for the men to strip me and get busy on my body. For the next three days, they kept me in a daze and willing to do whatever they demanded of me. Even though I was in a daze, I knew more men were coming in and out all the time. I have no idea how many men abused my little white body during that time. And I'm really not sure what all they did to me. All I know is that on Saturday morning, I had to be carried back to my apartment to let them in so they could load my belongings into their truck. One of the men stripped me and carried me into the shower where I was washed and fucked again.
They dressed me and put me in the back of a cargo van between two big black men with two others sitting up front. One of them looked at me like I was dog shit and said, "Did you have a good time during the past few days, slut."
"I I - I d-don't remember much about the l-last few days." They all laughed at me.
He said, "You are the biggest slut I have ever seen. You fucked and sucked more than 25 guys. You begged them to let you lick their ass holes, and they did. They all fucked your ass and made you clean off their cocks. They spit on you, came on you and pissed in your mouth. At one point, you had a cock in your ass, two in your cunt and two in your mouth. Then you had two cocks in your ass and one in your cunt. You sucked on all of our balls and told us to treat you like the cum dump whore that you were. We shoved dildos, cucumbers and anything else we could find into your pussy and ass, and you still screamed for more. We used your mouth as an ash tray for our smokes and made you wash it down with our piss.
You probably don't remember this, but when we finished with you last night around 11:00, we loaded your cum soaked and spent body into the back of Jamal's pickup and drove you into town. We took you to the alley behind his club and dumped you on the trash. There were about a half dozen homeless men nearby scavenging in the trash for food. We told them to have fun with you and we would be back to pick what's left up around 2:00 am. When we came back to get you, you were lying in a pile of trash covered with piss, cum and spit. Since none of us wanted to touch you, we told the homeless men that if they put you in the back of the truck, we would give them the bottle of Jack on the front seat.
As they were tossing your unconscious body into the truck, one of the old toothless homeless men told us that after they all fucked you, they made you suck their cocks and lick their ass holes. They shoved wine bottles into your pussy and ass and then made you clean them off with your mouth. One of them pissed into one of the bottles and made you drink it. Finally after they had worn themselves out, they wanked you into unconsciousness with the large end of two wine bottles in your cunt and ass.
I sat and listened to the men in a state of shock. How could I have sunk this far in just a few short years? I was one of the most sought after girls in high school. My boyfriend was one of the hottest guys in school and my life was great. I was pretty and had a good body. And now I am doing things that were totally disgusting, and with people that I used to look down on. Wait . . . used to look down on??? It doesn't appear as though I can look down on anyone anymore. As I thought about it, I realized that I now look up to all men, and especially to black men. I smiled at the men in the van and said, "So fellas, who wants me to suck their cock?"
For the next three hours the men took turns driving and fucking me. We pulled into a rest area for 30 minutes so I could walk back and suck the driver of the van carrying all my belongings, and then we were right back at it in our cargo van. I had just finished swallowing the last load as we pulled up in front of my parent's house.
"Wow," one of them said. "Nice house. I wouldn't mind living in a place like this."
I smiled at him and said, "Give me your number and when my parents go on their ski trip I'll give you a call and you fellas can come keep me company for a week. Does that sound OK? I can be your slut for a whole week." Four numbers were thrust into my hand.
After they departed, I spent the rest of the day with mom and dad. I told them I was planning to begin looking for a job on Monday, but for tonight, I wanted to go out and celebrate being home. I kissed them good bye and told them that I may be sleeping over at a friend's house so not to wait up.
I raced over to Lamar's house and he met me and stripped me outside on his front porch. Then he lifted me up and put me on his living room floor where he fucked the shit out of me. It was good to be home.
Since nurses are in short supply, I found a job on my first day out looking. I would be working three 12 hour shifts Tuesday through Thursday each week which left my whole weekend open for Lamar. The first weekend he had me hostess a small gathering for 10 of his fellow drug dealers. They had me stripped out of my tiny outfit and on the floor sucking their cocks with 10 minutes of arriving. They all offered me any drug that I wanted, but Lamar told them that I never used drugs. He told them that I was just a dirty slut nymphomaniac that liked black cock. None of them could believe that I was willingly letting my body be used by anyone who wanted to abuse it.
The guys left around 3:00 am after working on my mouth, ass and pussy for five hours. I fell fast asleep on the floor in Lamar's living room and he went to bed.
A few weeks later, Lamar called and asked me to come right over. Fortunately, I already had a short skirt and tank top on so I jumped in my car and left. When I arrived at his house, he was outside waiting. He looked nervous as he got in my car and said, "We're going to my Uncle D's place. I'll tell you the way."
When we arrived at D's big house, he said, "Come on." We rushed inside and up the stairs to a bedroom where we saw an older black woman trying to stop the bleeding from a man's leg.
"What happened," I asked.
"He been shot. Are you the nurse Missy," she asked. I nodded my head and she stepped back so I could take over. As I was working on his leg, I said, "He needs to go to the hospital. I can stop the bleeding, but he'll need stitches."
No Missy, that ain't gonna happen. They report gunshots to the police. D don't want this reported to the police."
I did the best that I could in stemming the blood, removing the bullet, cleaning the wound and then stitching his leg. When I was finished, we went downstairs and Lamar took me into a sitting room. An older black man was mixing a drink behind the bar. He looked to be in his 50s and was about 6'4" tall and I would guess about 240 pounds. He was mostly muscle, but there was a little gut around his middle. He was smiling but he looked like he could be real mean if he wanted to. He looked like he could snap me in half if he wanted to. "You must be Sue," he said. "I'm Darius, but people just call me 'D.' Lamar is right. You're a pretty little bitch."
"Thank you, sir," I said.
"No, thank you Sue. I understand that you patched up my man upstairs like a professional." I blushed and looked down at the floor.
"Thank you sir. He probably needs to see a doctor, but I understand that probably isn't going to happen."
"That's right Sue." He thought for a minute and then said, "Sue, I could use you around here."
"In what capacity, sir?"
D laughed out loud. "Sue, I understand that you are both a good nurse and an exceptional slut. Is that right?"
"I try, sir."
"Well, I know you enjoy your new job at the nursing home so how about you spend the rest of the time working for me? As you have seen, we need a nurse around here sometimes. And I would like to have you as my personal slut."
I looked down and said, "But sir, I can't. I belong to Lamar. I'm his slut."
D looked at Lamar and said, "Lamar, would you sell me your slut? I will give you one dollar for her."
At the time, I didn't realize that D had already promised to give Lamar the gang's whole territory around St. Louis, and that he would soon be moving there. Since Lamar would be moving, they knew that I would need a master and they agreed to make it look like my whored ass was only worth one dollar.
"You have a deal, D." Lamar said. D reached into his pocket and handed Lamar a dollar. Tears welled up in my eyes as Lamar left the room. D walked over to me and reached his hand down saying, "Stand up slut."
I slowly rose to my feet. "Now strip!" I quickly stripped of my clothes for my new owner. "Follow me," he ordered. I followed D across the room, out into the hallway past four or five of his flunkies leering at me, and up the stairs to his bedroom.
I have to say that that old man gave my pussy a workout that I won't soon forget. When he was finished with me, he turned me over to his flunkies and they fucked me all night long.
So now that's my life. I work in a nursing home three days a week and then come home to D. I am owned by the most dangerous gangster in the state and I love it. Every once-in-a-while I am called upon to remove a bullet or patch up a knife wound, but most of the time I just fuck D and anyone else he wants me to fuck. Although I'm not getting as much sex as I got in Chicago, I still get fucked and abused at least a dozen times a week. And sometimes when he's in the mood, D will even put me back out on the streets for a week or so. Believe it or not, he actually donates the money I make to charity.
When Lamar visits, I also get to fuck him, and when it was time for our tenth class reunion, I even asked Lamar to take me. Boy, did that get the tongues wagging and the fingers pointing. My parents just think I'm a live-in nurse for the old man living in this big house. They think I'm working two jobs and worry that I may be overdoing it. . If they only knew.