All persons in this story are aged over 18 years:
Nudity was strongly discouraged by all around me and generally regarded as rude, offensive and embarrassing, something to be avoided at all costs. But the forbidden fruit of being naked in public needed to be tasted and the desire to walk around naked in private would become overwhelming and very desirable. It started with exploring the feeling of being nude in bed, the thought of being naughty and doing something forbidden and embarrassing made it all the more exciting. Erections and masturbation were enjoyable and made being naked even more exciting and so stimulating. I soon found that being naked always resulted in a visible state of sexual excitement which added to the feeling of naughtiness and stimulation.
For many years I lived in an area of outstandingly beautiful countryside so the opportunities to go nude outdoors were readily plentiful.
It was summer and the days were hot, I would often work on a farm during these times but today I had cycled to a local woodland area and was walking alone through the trees when I began to wonder what it would feel like to be naked outdoors. I felt very nervous about this but at the same time I felt a tingle of excitement go through my body and a strange feeling stir in my shorts. I was in the middle of the wood and looked around nervously to see if there was anyone nearby, I was clear of any tracks and paths and I slipped my shorts down very slowly to my knees, exposing my underwear to the outside world, it felt so naughty but wonderful, I looked around nervously and let my shorts fall to the ground. I stood there for a while looking and listening to see if anyone could see me and then I slipped my fingers in the top of my underpants and slid them down, also letting them fall to the ground. I was now naked from the waist down. I could feel the breeze on my legs and buttocks, my penis was fully exposed and the feeling of the fresh air on my most intimate parts was making me tremble with pleasure. I looked around nervously and listened for any movements nearby, I was excited and scared, both at the same time and the thought of being caught stirred me to quickly pull my pants and shorts back up again. I hastily ran back out of the wood for fear of having been seen and when I got to the wall at the edge, climbed on my bike and cycled quickly home.
Later that night when I was in bed I slipped out of my pyjamas I could not resist the temptation and masturbated at the thought of my little adventure earlier in the day, I ejaculated quickly and ran my fingers through the hot thick juicy cum which had splashed on my chest and face, I lay there bathed in cum holding my penis feeling totally spent and pleasured.
A few days later I was out on my bicycle and decided to go back to the woods and have another attempt at being naked. I hid my bike behind the wall and quickly made my way to the centre of the wood; out of sight from the road and any prying eyes. I was deep in the woods now and in front of me there was a grassy opening in amongst the trees, the sun shone brightly on the green grass and I decided this was the place for me. I stood in the middle of the grassy opening, looked around nervously and listening for the slightest movement nearby I slipped my shorts down to the ground, I wore no underwear today and I felt the sun and the breeze on bare skin, my penis stirred and quickly became erect. I was excited and trembling at the thought I might be seen, I kicked off my shorts and stood naked from the waist down. I left my shorts lying on the grass and walked around slowly, feeling my erect penis bobbing as I moved. This was an amazing experience, something I had dreamt about but until today never dared to do. I was wearing only a short T shirt and trainers and felt so very exposed, suddenly I heard a movement in amongst the trees, I froze and nervously looked around to see who was there. I ran back to where my shorts lay and quickly pulled them on, all the time looking to see what had made the noise. Then there it was, a deer running away through the trees, startled at the sight of my half naked body.
For the rest of the summer I would go every day to my secret place in the woods and walk around naked from the waist down, my penis erect and on display. I was never completely naked but I was getting braver and one day I decided that the time had come for me to completely strip off in my little woodland retreat. It was a very hot day and as usual I'd left my bike hidden behind the wall, I ran to my place and as usual removed all clothing from the waist down, my penis bobbed about fully erect, in fact even before I had removed my shorts the excitement was getting me aroused. I walked about like this for a few minutes and then as I listened carefully for any sounds of unwelcome guests I removed my T shirt. I was completely naked, the whole of my body bathed in fresh air and sunshine. I walked around in my little paradise, I was a nudist, my penis was erect and the urge to touch it was so overwhelming that I took hold of it in my hand and slowly started to masturbate. I closed my eyes feeling the sunshine on my face as I looked upwards stroking faster and faster. I was masturbating naked outdoors, the thought made me even more excited, I was oblivious to sounds around me and in a fantastic rush of orgasm I spurted my hot white creamy cum on to the grass at my feet. I was shaking as I opened my eyes to see a deer looking right at me through the trees. I stood there nervously, completely naked with semen dripping from my now soft penis; I looked around quickly listening for any noises, nothing, just the woodland sounds and my heavy breathing.
Each day I would go to the woods strip completely naked and masturbate, usually only once and then leave. As time progressed I began to fantasise about situations where I could be naked, but it took me a while before I plucked up enough courage to do the first of these. On this particular occasion I hid my bike behind the wall at the edge of the wood as usual, but this time instead of running straight to my little clearing I stripped off naked and packed my clothes into the saddle bag of my bike. Standing next to the wall naked and nervous, I looked around me and trembling with excitement I peered back over the wall to make sure there were no unwelcome visitors on the adjacent lane, then off I went.
I ran through the wood, my penis hard and bobbing in front of me, my nakedness completely on display, I felt so exposed. The air rushing past my body made me feel even more exposed as I ran towards my secret place, the excitement was building inside me, I was literally running away from my clothes, naked and nowhere to hide. I was breathless when I got to the clearing, I stood in the middle of the grassy opening looking around to see if I was seen or being watched, I felt naked as I had never been before. I stood and slowly masturbated at the thought of my exposure so far away and isolated from my clothes, I pulled back my foreskin and for the first time I felt the sun and fresh air on my exposed tip, I continued to stroke and as I felt my penis start to pulse I clenched my buttocks and my thick hot white cum spurted across the grass, I continued to stroke and each time another jet of semen spurted from me, it felt as if I wasn't going to stop.
I was still trembling as the last of my thick semen dripped from the tip of my penis, I felt the warm sun on my back and gradually relaxed my tensed buttocks. Then as the reality of my situation sunk in I realised I now had to make my way back to the edge of the wood completely naked, and the possibility of people seeing me as I got closer to the wall and the lane. I hid cautiously behind trees as the lane came into view, I could see my bike and in the distance I could hear voices, someone was coming down the lane on the other side of the wall, I froze. The voices got closer, they were female and I decided to creep slowly up to the wall and take a peek; it felt as if they were only feet away, and as I looked over the wall to see who it was, I saw a couple of middle aged ladies from the village. They were only feet away and they were walking right past me as I peeked over the wall watching them. They didn't see me but my heart was pounding and a strange feeling was stirring inside me, but even more strange was my erect penis, I was excited, I was naked and yet so close to clothed females, and as I masturbated I fantasised about being caught and seen naked by them, particularly with an erect penis.
Over the remaining weeks of that summer I would venture naked through the woods for many hours at a time but never leave the cover of the trees other than in my secret clearing. Often I would stay close to the wall and listen for voices or footsteps, on a few occasions people would pass close by me as I masturbated naked. I would always peek over the wall to see who it was, hoping they would be female. The thought of being naked outdoors close to a clothed female was starting to appeal to me but I could never allow myself to be seen or caught, although I came close on a few occasions when dogs being walked by their owners would pick up my scent and pay particular attention to the wall behind which I was hiding. On one occasion an owner looked over the wall to see what all the fuss was about, luckily she didn't look down or she would have seen me huddled up against the wall gripping my erect penis; the strange thing is that afterwards I would reflect on this and wish that she had seen me, masturbating at the thought.
As time passed, I explored the whole of the woodland area in the nude, but never ventured out into the open farmland which surrounded the woods. I would often stand naked at the edge looking out over the open countryside wondering what it would be like to walk out into the open and be completely exposed for all to see. On each occasion my clothes would be inside the saddlebag of my bike about as far from me as I dared, but if I walked out from the cover of the trees into the open countryside I would be totally exposed, nowhere to hide and no way to cover up; oddly this thought started to appeal to me. So for a while I would walk out from my protective trees and just walk around the edge of the open fields, maybe about 10 yards from cover just enough to allow me to dash back inside the woods if I needed to. At this stage I didn't dare to masturbate in such an open situation, I wasn't quite so bold at this time, even though my penis remained erect the whole time.
Over the weeks I had become totally focussed on my nude exploits, at every opportunity I would go to the woods to get naked, trying to push the boundaries as far as I dare. Often I could see people in the distance and on one occasion a tractor was in a nearby field, which made me nervous so I stayed under cover of the trees on that occasion. Soon though I decided that I wanted to be totally out in the open, away from the trees and away from my clothes, I had dreams about losing my clothes and having to run around naked for all to see.
One day I walked to the far edge of the woods, naked as usual I stood just a few feet from the cover of the trees and dared myself to walk right across the field to the far side. Nervously I walked further and further into the open, it was about 100 yards to the far side of the field and after a while I looked back over my shoulder to see how far I had come, only about 20 yards but it felt much further. The feeling to be so far out in the open and being further from my clothes than ever before excited me tremendously, my penis was erect and I felt so daring and bold. Trembling nervously I walked across the field looking around all the time to make sure there was no one around, but hey what could I do if there was someone there. I reached the far side, an old stone wall; I turned and rested against the wall my bum against the cool stone and I looked back towards the woods where my clothes were. The feeling was incredible, no going back now, my penis was throbbing and I yearned to stroke it, I moved a few feet from the wall and slowly started to masturbate, looking around to see if anyone could see me, almost wishing to be caught as I stroked my exposed penis in full view of nature. I quickly ejaculated and as the last of my semen dribbled from my foreskin I felt so very exposed, I started to panic and ran back across the field to the woods, my penis flopping around softly as I ran; I reached the woods, looked over my shoulder to check that no-one was there and then quickly made my way back to my bike and clothes. By the time I reached my bike I had recovered my composure and the excitement was kicking in again, my penis reacted to this feeling of excitement and once again I masturbated, fantasising about what I had just done before getting dressed.
The following few days I did the same thing, on one occasion a tractor appeared in the distance and I ran for cover like a scared cat, I didn't know if I had been seen. I was still very nervous about being naked in such an open space, but the exhilaration I felt was the most dominant of all feelings. But another desire was emerging a one which would dominate my nude activities for years to come, the need to be seen naked.