Part 3 FRENCH WHORES MAKE GREAT WIVES
The Circus Dwarf with a Monster Cock
{The teller of this tale, Gaspardo Del Tornet, talks of his life experiences. Gaspardo is a French citizen born in Aix-en-Provence of a father who was very strict, being a Sergeant in the French military and born of a French Moroccan mother, who was a baker, specializing in chocolate filled beignets. Gaspardo is now 94 years old and has continued to recounted his life's adventures as herein dictated to the writer known as Erectus. The interview starts with Gaspardo speaking.}
INTRODUCTION
My first wife Jean, God rest her soul, was, and I'm not ashamed to say it, she was a French street whore. At the worst she may have been the most common of a common street whore who plied her trade among common men. For every man who has a cock, there comes a time when he has need to find a willing chamber in which he can discharge those poisons that the almighty has insinuated in the very spleen of mankind. Above all, my dear wife, Jean De Tormet was a fine person who was not only honest but treated people in the most Christian manner, and God knows, she alleviated the poisons in many a man's spleen.
Jean used to work the streets back in the 1960's, that surround the huge Flea Market in Paris, which is still found there on the Rue des Rosiers. Famous the world over for its fine antiques and unique offerings, many of the peddlers and antique dealers who displayed there were her regular customers, and many tourists found her beauty, charms and professional skills most irresistible.
In her day she was one of the most beautiful whores to work the streets. She no doubt would have earned more in a bordello but she didn't want to work under a pimp or boss, both figuratively or literally. She loved her freedom and always remained independent. Of course, she always dyed her brown hair to a honey blonde, she had big natural breasts with full perky nipples, probably bigger than the ever popular Bardot but with a narrow waist just like Brigitte who she resembled. In the evening she was often mistaken for the starlet, which is ridiculous, what would Bardot be doing whoring on the street under a night lamp? But men live in a fantasy world and Jean had every right to take advantage of their sexual stupidity. But the truth was she was a near look alike, it was uncanny, I must say that whenever we went places together, people would point and often come up to us to ask for her autograph.
Jean was extremely intelligent, she spoke a little of several languages. When approached by foreigners she could get by in sex banter with the Chinese in Mandarin, with Indians in Urdu and with the blackest of Africans in Swahili, she could even trade Brooklyn slang with the Yanks and if she could not communicate with words, she would use sign language. And for those clients who preferred quiet, her face could communicate all the necessary emotions while her mouth did all the work or the preparation for what comes next.
Pt. 3. The Circus Dwarf with a Monster Cock
(Please note that no pejorative connotation should be drawn from the historical fact that dwarves have for hundreds of years found employment in circuses or from the biological fact they often have enormous penises.-God Bless Them All)
In the spring of that same year, to celebrate her birthday, I suggested to Jean that she take the evening off from her occupation as a sex worker and we visit the famous circus carnival run by Fred Carnot that came once a year to Paris.
Although Fred has sinced passed away, back then Jean was often his guest in his dark office more than once during the three week run of the circus performances. As you might expect from such a busy entrepreneur, he kept a foldout bed in his office. Fred, like many older men in that period sometimes had difficulty sustaining his erection. Jean was able to accommodate him with a combination of oral and a tight elastic she wore in her hair for just such occasions. She would suck his penis into its full expression and then gently insert it through the elastic which was tight enough to restrict his blood flow and thus allow Freddy to enjoy coitis without losing his girth.
But Fred Carnot was a gentleman, on those rare instances when even the 'elastic system' and a finger in the ass did not prod his cock to firmness, he always paid Jean just the same and ended up eating her pussy instead, a treat he said was almost as good as fucking it.
The Carnot Circus was known throughout Europe. It started its tour in France and little by little arrived in every large city along the coast, then they would travel on to major cities in Germany, then Switzerland, completing its southern journey in Northern Italy with shows in Milan, Florence and Bologna. From the Italian port of Livorno, he would charter a transport vessel to carry the entire circus, animals and performers to the port of Dover, nearest to London where they would start again the yearly tour once more.
If good weather held, the trip by ship took approximately,about 7 or 8 days and was considered a vacation for the personnel, who spent the time on board rollicking in drunken parties and liberal fornication with each other and the ever ready crew of horny sailors on board.
The female dwarf singing trio included one member who was actually a midget and had very large beautiful breasts. The trio were particularly active on these trips. During the normal circus sessions they sang the Munchkin song in harmony with their normal high pitched voices but on the vacation tour they prefered to perform lewd sex acts. There, on an improvised stage, the little people, quite drunk on French Cognac, would delight in acting out a pornographic drama, where they were prostitutes in a brothel and they would chose sailors to come on the stage to copulate with them. Just as the sailor of the moment completed the sex act and withdrew his penis, they would all point at him with a high pitched cry they would chorus,
"Eees cock is too small,"
which never failed to get a big laugh. Then they would chose a new sailor from the audience who would run forward to keep the assorted sex acts going with the hope his cock would not be too judged too small, though it always was.
However in Paris, one sees a serious circus production.
As publicity for the circus, several days before the normal performances were set to begin, the circus rowdies would tie a cable from below the spire of the Cathedral of Notre Dame to a steel anchor post hammered into the ground outside in the piazza. The Brzezinski family, who were originally from Poland set off the circuses' arrival with this free demonstration of what the public might see at the Circus Carnot.
One by one, the family, using a long weighted ballast to to help retain their balance, would climb to the top of the church without a net. This procession included two family members atop a special metal rimmed bicycle at the center of the procession while one tight rope walker preceded them and two followed them supporting a ladder backed chair where the grey haired grandfather sat. I suggested to Jean that the old man's expression indicted he was suffering from dementia.
"Oh no," said Jean, "that is part of the act, that you should think he is too old to be up there. The fact is he's quite lucid and can still sport an erection," and she winked her most wicked wink. Of course, Jean would know.
After seeing this free public exposition, who could fail to attend the show? It was a classic two ring circus in a large tent. If you didn't find one act of interest you could always watch the other. In addition, overhead there were high wire acts with trapeze and tightrope walkers. The female tightrope walkers wore minimalist costumes which encouraged the men below, and I admit I was one, to closely watch their shapely muscular legs and exception asses that might as well have been nude.
They performed with a net and rare was the evening that someone did not fall into the net to the crowd's amazement and delight. There is something about watching a disaster as it happens that seems to cry out to the human soul, perhaps with the pleasure knowing that the accident is happening in fact to someone else. Of course these unexpected falls were choreographed as well.
European circuses have always had very professional musicians, who although half intoxicated still manage to perform their own style of Circus music, featuring clarinet and tenor saxophones. Much of their original music originated in the 1920's although the creators are mostly now forgotten. Needless to say, the evening's performances always included inebriated improvisation that followed and underscored the performer's act.
Of course we enjoyed the music, the parade of clowns, and the high wire acts which featured the Brzezinski family, renowned throughout Europe.
That evening, while seated in the gallery for the first 45 minutes and enjoying the circus show, I was surprised when a circus clown with a red ball over his nose and a tiny hat wearing a gaily colored striped suit approached us. I was straining my neck watching a daredevil motorcyclist, high above us riding in unending circles head over heels within a perforated steel ball. As the motorcyclist rode, a rain of yellow sparks cascaded down onto the crowd.
At that moment, when everyone went, "ahhh" and the lights dimmed, the clown handed Jean an envelope. She quickly ripped it open, extracted a note and rapidly read it, then folded it neatly and placed it between her large bosoms.
At the end of the motorcycle act, she leaned over to me and whispered that we were invited to a special black ticket show later that night. She explained that there was one member of the Brzezinski family who did not perform on the high wire. It was their middle son. Because of his deformities his act was in a closed tent just beyond where the sideshow was located.
I nodded my head, such invitations were not uncommon, Jean had admirers everywhere. We had passed the sideshow area upon entering. There we had seen the unusual acts, the colossal fat lady Elsa Porchoni, the Snake Handler, Demitri Greco, the Tattooed man, Leonardo Cazzavali and his wife Fabia who was almost nude save for the multitude of tattoos and tiny squares of fabric that covered her nipples and pubic area. Her backside was naked and when she turned to the crowd and flexed her butt you could see clearly that she had the image of a tiger chasing a naked women into the crack of her ass.
When main circus show finally concluded, we returned hand in hand to the sideshow area now empty of the acts we had seen upon our entry. There, a little past these dormant exhibits was a small tent with a sign above the door that said,
"Elvin,The Magic Dwarf, attendance limited, by invitation only."
Although Elvin was in his late twenties, several years earlier he had met Jean in a cafe on Rue de Libre and at his fervid request she consented to escorted him to his hotel. I hardly remembered her comments on their first encounter, but when I saw Elvin, it came to mind how accurately she had described him.
He stood about 135 cm. in height, had a large head, a fully shaped long crooked nose that dropped out of his forehead like an avalanche. His ears looked like small bat wings that were pierced so he might wear large gold double hoops, one hoop hanging from the other, a large rose cut diamond piercing glittered between his cheek and the side of his nose. He had thick lips, one of which was split and a chin that jutted forward with a sapphire cabochon piercing centered below the lower lip. His forehead was covered with wrinkles and he was bald on the top of his head but the hair on the sides was dyed a yellow color. However, it was not until later when he disrobed that I fully appreciated what ordeal she must have gone through with his monster cock.
I assumed it had to be an oral or manual exercise as I could not imagine her offering any other kind of sexual relief.
Quite honestly, there was nothing "magical" about Elvin, whom God in his infinite wisdom, or error, had simply and sadly created a misshaped dwarf. But whatever mistake the deity had made in the construction of Elvin's face and swollen limbs, he had made up for it with a most generous phallic endowment. As a child growing up on a small farm in Bordeaux, I could only describe it as a giant horse cock.
Apparently, the obvious reason Elvin performed in a small closed private tent was for the curious adults who paid dearly to view Elvin's pornographic act. This select audience were happy for the opportunity to see him strip down and expose his enormous phallus.
His act would begin when he would strip naked and very slowly oil his large penis, then he would rather grotesquely start to stroke his member until it grew larger and reached its full length and girth. The he would begin to openly and freely masturbate, first slowly but picking up speed. Then, he'd point to a target in front of him that had the appearance of a dart board made of different colored Venetian glass. Upon reaching his climax, he would launch his ejaculate, much as one might throw a dart, in fits and starts at the target which was constructed in such an ingenious way that the sperm hitting the target would be retained and pooled at the bottom.
This liquid would drip into a glass which would be auctioned to the highest bidder, usually an older woman and occasionally to what was obviously a gay male, some years past his prime, who would drink the liquid.
"Everyone knows, a dwarves cum is truly a magic potion,"
said Elvin's assistant, who held the glass on high in his hand for brief duration of the auction,
"Whoever drinks this elixir, will have corporal beauty and be graced with the seminal strength of Monsieur Elvin, a dwarf noted for his prodigious sexual talents."
As soon as this "shooting gallery" ritual was completed to great applause, and the glass of semen filled, it was quickly auctioned off before it might change temperature. The winner this night was an elderly woman. When they handed the champagne glass filled with Elvin's exudate, she drank it down immediately, to assorted howls and giddy catcalls. After quaffing the liquid she confidently removed her face scarf and strangely appeared younger and more graceful than before.
At that point, a well dressed Frenchman with a huge mustached arose in the front row shouting,
"I will offer 1000 francs to any women who can fit that monstrosity into her cunt, or any man who can fit it in his ass-not just the tip, but balls deep in either case.
No man stood up and those who had the look of possible contenders turned red. Even if they were pederasts, none was going to admit to it in public.
When he saw no one was taking up his challenge, the mustachioed man rose up again, taking off his top hat he shouted,
"I'll raise my offer to 2000 francs if anyone can take that cock inside them, all the way!" and the crowd roared with laughter.
I tried to hold her down, but Jean, always competitive could not refuse a challenge. She lept to her feet announcing,
"I will fit him in kind Sir, get ready your 2000 francs, and if I can't fit all of that giant cock inside me, I'll give you Sir, a free fuck moments afterwards or whenever you so please."
With the wave of his white glove, his agreement was sealed.
Jean approached the three steps and mounted the pedestal to the stage. She looked out at the audience and lifted her long skirt to their shouts of approval. She then dropped her bloomers and in one graceful motion kicked them into the middle of the audience. A tall young man with long blond hair jumped high and caught it, he immediately placed it on his head as if it were a bonnet.
Ever prepared, and ready, Jean pulled a vial of olive oil from her stocking, modestly turned her back to the onlookers and generously lubed her labia.
"It can't be virgin olive oil sweetie," one of the crowd shouted with vulgarity, "since you, Madam, sure ain't no virgin." The crowd guffawed.
Jean smiled and then saluted Monsieur Elvin, and she turned to the crowd with a graceful gesture of her arm that raised in a circular motion from her head to her waist, much as one would curtsy to royalty,
"Each of you who laugh and sniggle behind Monsieur Elvin's back are not half the man he is!"
With this said the crowd roared with laughter and offered up an applause of agreement. With superb timing Jean open her gown and let it drop to the stage floor.
Jean, now standing there totally nude, turned to Elvin, who was in the process of removing his loin cloth, his organ tumbling out like a large french bread already partially erect.
"Take me from behind Monsieur Elvin, so I can savor you all the more," Jean said,
and with that exclamation she blew him a kiss and bent forward, her ripe breasts hanging like swollen fruits and her delicious ass, shaped like a heart shaped home grown pear, reflecting the klieg lights and looking as white as an angel's cheek.
I smiled knowing a rear entry over her bubble butt would save her a few inches, she was always the clever one, but I cringed as Elvin, with a lascivious grin approached her from behind, his enormous penis now red and fully erect as he pulled back his thick foreskin to make visible his deadly weapon. His balls, round like red oval stones covered with thick coarse hair seemed to tremble as he slowly moved closer to my darling Jean.
Long story short, and I must admit it was painful for me to watch, even though I knew well the sexual acts Jean performed daily with other men, but I did not have to witness them. I watched as the naked dwarf, stepped onto a wooden box so that his penis would be at the same height as her vagina, whose red lips were clearly visible from behind as she leaned forward.
The dwarf embraced her from behind, with both hands tight on her swollen breasts and although she moaned and grimaced as he moved closer and quickly found his target. Like a matador, he bent forward gracefully and pressed, without wasting time, as inch after thick inch of his huge uncut penis that slowly entered inside of poor Jean.
To our amazement she rotated her hips to facilitate his entrance. She was obviously bent on accomplishing just what she said she would do and I sat there trembling and sweating till my shirt and underwear were wet, as if I had pissed myself.
When all but a few inches of Elvin's cock remained outside, he dropped his hands from her breast to tightly grip her hips and with a final triumphant forceful thrust Elvin managed to nest his protuberant battering ram totally within Jean's vagina, his large hairy balls dangling snuggly against her thighs. Not content to stop, he piston pumped for two more minutes, although this extra effort was not agreed upon . Then he rained cum inside her like a machine gun in the contest, but who could blame a man so excited who did not try to cum. At that moment, his massive ramrod wedged deep inside her, he paused and her suffering stopped. Elvin, seemingly exhausted and red faced, panted. His face was now the same crimson as his uncut cock had looked before it disappeared deep inside my wife.
The crowd went wild, when Jean in a loud but trembling voice filled with emotion said,
"Oh Monsieur Elvin, please stay inside, it feels so good, so hot! Mon chere, Oh my God, Don't pull out," moaned Jean,
and then most dramatically she added,
"Don't abandon me, I've fallen in love with you and your magnificent cock."
Elvin could not contain himself, he joyfully threw his arms around her, kissing her wildly all over her back and neck and then smiling broadly, the diamond in his nose shining diabolically, he slowly withdrew his swollen penis as if pulling a long Japanese sword from its scabbard, his foreskin now hung back, like a snake shedding its skin, revealing the shiny penis head covered in slimy cum,
In response the crowd shouted and applauded and generously rained money upon the stage.
Elvin stood there, his cock now fully visible, his massive piston hanging like a cannon, when the midget with the big breasts, dressed as a cupid appeared from a side curtain bearing damp towels. Elvin took one and carefully rubbed his member clean. Jean's labias continued to spew what looked like a half pint of cum that oozed out of her vagina and ran down her leg sticking to the top of her high buttoned shiny black patent leather shoes. Taking a towel she cleansed herself, wiped off her shoes and presently stepped into her gown and was once more dressed.
The evening now being cooler, and surely a great success, I wrapped her in my cloak. We took possession of the 2000 francs and a bag of money collected from the rain of bills and silver coins that had lain on the stage floor. My arm around her shoulder, we tried to take leave of the crowd who all seemed to want to pat me on my back and pinch Jean's rump and reach out to feel her bulbous tits.
Once free of the crowd we walked to a carriage and told the driver to take us home.
As the horse trotted along the cobblestones I leaned forward and asked discreetly,
"How did you get that monster cock inside you, how did you know it could fit?"
"Oh, Monsieur Elvin is an old friend, he's fucked me many times, you see although his cock appears so large, it is mostly of spongy tissue and it collapses upon itself as he squeezes it inside. In the end it is less hurtful than that Professor's long cock, the one that impregnated the Antiquarian's wife and you know I've satiated him many times in the past."
"French whores make the best wives,"
I whispered in her ear hoping the coachman could not hear, as Jean's hands reached forward and unbuttoned my trousers, giving me a quick hand job before we reached home.
End of Part 3