This is part one of a fictional story, told in the first person, about the discovery of arousal for a woman like many that you might see at the mall, a PTA meeting, or in the corporate conference room, just one mistake away from being on a journey to exposure and submissive exhibitionism.
In order to understand my story, you should know, one of the first sexually stimulating things I can recall, had to do with an unlikely source of inspiration. I was watching one of those light hearted romantic comedies from the 1950s. You probably have seen the type. They often starred somebody like Doris Day or Rock Hudson and had a completely sophomoric plotline and sexual viewpoint. The one that affected me, had as a secondary plot, a young, buxom, very blonde secretary of a much older man who was always being completely chauvinistic and inappropriate. She had the little mini uptwist hair-do and wore the kind of super thin pencil skirt that showed off the wearer’s shape and made a mincing gait necessary.
It was a pretty stupid movie, but the climax included a situation in which the older boss in his light gray tweed suit had given in to his amorous desires and was chasing her around the office. She was in a squealing distress and as she “ran” away around the desk, parts of her wardrobe either snagged on something and ripped off, or he “accidentally” grabbed and her momentum caused her clothing to come away. It was a G rated film so the cutaway shots always had an arm or hand over the truly naughty bits that were exposed. Eventually she got caught and loved it. Of course, the protagonists burst into the room and she was embarrassed to be discovered de flagrante, but the insinuation was that she had submitted as the boss had red lipstick prints all over his face and her bra tangled on his arm as she fled the room in the buff.
It was the pursuit, her capture and--though apparently unwilling--a major source of arousal for her that got me. I thought and feel exactly the same way. I hate the embarrassment, but I love the situation or someone compelling or creating a situation in which I am involuntarily exposed. Though my story is initially seems oppositional, it was immensely arousing for me and has led to an awakening of an intense form of erotica for me, so much so, that I seek it situations that will render me in an embarrassing or compelled exposure. In short, I hate the embarrassment and love it, a true love/hate situation where I have no choice.
“You know, Jana, it’s not as undignified as you seem to think, letting someone help you out a little,” said my best friend Jennifer.
“I don’t think so,” I said. “I’m not so pathetic that I need you setting me up on blind dates.”
“It’s not like that at all,” she said, “You work all the time, girl. And I know how picky you are.”
“Picky???” I said raising an emotionally outraged eyebrow.
She laughed.
“Yes! You are the most intellectually snobby woman I have ever met... at least outside of my Ivy League friends.”
It was a little bit of a verbal jab by her. I knew that. Jenn and I had known each other years before she had gone to Brown. I wanted to go to Harvard, but I had contracted the flu the day I was taking the SATs my senior year of high school and the poor scores had done me in. Instead of Harvard I ended up at the University of Centrificial Florida. It was a good school, but she knew I always felt a little self-conscious when it came to others with more highly regarded academic credentials. It was probably due to such motivation that, these nearly twenty years later, I had become such an overachiever and workaholic, which was why she was trying to set me up on a blind date.
In fairness, I was somewhat lonely. I did bury myself in work. Granted it had led to great professional success and a certain stature in the community. I was a member of the chamber of commerce, the Junior League, and an awardee of an outstanding business women’s association recognition, but at times I did also wish I had someone. It wasn’t like I was homely or anything. In fact, I am considered “pretty” though I wish I had a slightly smaller nose. I have a long-- what I would call patrician-- face. Think Sara Jessica Parker, sort of, I guess. I have hazel eyes and blonde hair that is not exactly my real color...And there is one other thing, and it requires some further explanation, or maybe justification, is a better word. I have had a breast augmentation. It goes back to a wild hair I got after someone I liked very much sort of dumped me and ended up married to a very buxom rival just six months later. I reacted and should probably have considered it when I wasn’t as emotionally driven. The competitive nature had kicked in yet again, and my surgeon had been accommodating, so much so that now I am a bountiful thirty-two D cup on a five foot four inch, one hundred and seven pound frame. It has been something of a regret as I find that not only does wardrobe shopping require much more effort for something to fit, but there is a certain attention-- judgment from other women and assumptions and stares from men—that is not all that positive.
“So who is this guy?” I asked. “Some stereotypical, middle --aged, divorced Floridian you dredged up?”
Jenn smiled.
“His name is Ron. He owns his own communications equipment firm. “
“Where did he go to school?”
She gave a little laugh.
“God, Jana, you are the ultimate snob aren’t you?”
I looked away. It was true and she had called me out.
“He went to Yale,” she said.
I looked at her with interest.
She just laughed again.
“So, why is he not married?”
“Why aren’t you?” she said.
“Touche’,” I said.
“Actually, he’s a workaholic just like you, dear,” she added. “But if it would make it easier, Tom and I can double with you guys.”
I nodded. “I’d be much more comfortable with that.”
So it was set. We were going to meet up at a local sports bar and grill. It was a little casual for my taste, but it would at least make the mood light, like not a lot was at stake, and I liked that. We also agreed to make it a week night so if the chemistry was not working out, there would be the excuse of an early meeting the next day to bring it to a short conclusion. It all seemed pretty safe.
As I got dressed that evening I considered the kind of impression I wanted to present. I didn’t want to seem too distant, but I wasn’t exactly interested in looking, well... interested. Elegant but casual was what I was after. After a quick consideration, I put on a button down blouse, and slacks. I kept my makeup understated. I was all ready to have a very non-committal double date, then the phone rang.
It was Jenn. Tom had broken a crown and had to see the dentist immediately. She apologized and asked if I wanted to cancel. For a second I thought about it and then it hit me, “what was I in junior high school?” I could handle a dinner without help. I told her it was fine and that I’d go ahead.
I was halfway to the sports grill when it occurred to me that I did not actually know what my date looked like. I took it as self-congratulatory that I was just interested in the inner qualities of a suitor rather than the superficial. Still, I wasn’t sure I wanted to look foolish as I wandered around hunting for my “mystery date”.
I arrived and parked and got out of my car. I walked in and didn’t see anyone waiting by himself for the rest of his party so I walked up to the hostess who was dressed in a very tight golf shirt and shorts and said, “I am meeting someone, could I take a quick look around?” I hoped that I would see a single man looking as clueless as myself.
She allowed that I could and I started my process of trying not to search, but look too obvious. At the same time I was also trying to gage faces to identify him with some assurance. I mean I didn’t want to embarrass myself by guessing wrong, which brings up another quality about me. I have a substantial amount of pride and I detest being embarrassed. In fact, it is almost a pathological pet peeve with me to be embarrassed. So, I walked through the restaurant with no luck, unwilling to ask and was just about to head back out to the front when I heard a voice say “You must be Jana.”
I turned and seated at a table for four was a man that could have been a winner in a Danny Devito lookalike contest.
“Uh, yes,” I said.
“I’m Ron,” he said standing.
I smiled, shook hands and sat down across from him. I noticed his eyes drop instantly to my chest. To his credit he looked back up fairly quickly.
“How did you know it was me?” I asked.
“Jenn called. She said Tom had a dental emergency and that I should be on the lookout for a lost blonde.”
He chuckled. I started to say something reactively scathing, but I bit my tongue. Again his eyes dropped to my bosom. If first impressions mean anything we were starting off badly. He was making his estimations based on my looks and I was making mine based on his attitude and behavior. At the same time I felt an odd little charge. I dismissed it, driving it from my mind.
‘Yes, well,” I said “be that as it may, I hope his tooth isn’t too serious.”
“Me too,” he said. “Would you like something to drink?”
The waitress had arrived. She was pretty, young and bosomy. I noticed him give her a once over as I ordered a white wine. I was already planning on making it a short night and that just confirmed it. He was a letch. He ordered a beer and as she left I said, “so I understand you went to Yale.”
He smiled.
“Jenn said that impressed you. I did. She didn’t say where you went.”
I sat up straighter.
“UCF.”
“Oh,” he said.
I watched for some judgment. He just smiled slightly and gestured at a screen over the distant bar.
“Your guys are playing tonight, I see,” he said.
I looked over. They were.
“You are a football fan right? Jenn said your dad was a coach?”
“Yes.”
It was true. My father was a high school coach and it was a huge part of our home culture. My brothers had played. I had even cheered in junior high and high school.
“Jenn said you were a cheerleader?”
“Yes,” said.
“I’ll bet that was quite a sight.”
The way he said struck me wrong. I glanced away to hide my evident flash of disturbed propriety and how it was really affecting me. I looked back at him only to find him locked on my chest again. I think I even reddened a little just then, partly from the offense and partly from embarrassment. At that moment the waitress returned with our drinks and I took a sip. It was obvious we were not going to be a match made in heaven, so we ordered quickly and she was away again.
His comment still bothered me. I was just about to say something about how inappropriate I thought it was, when he let out an anguished “Ohhhhh”.
I followed his attention to the television screen. My team had just scored a touchdown. He seemed to be rooting for the other squad.
I smiled. He looked back at me and saw it.
“Oh sorry,” he said, “My brother went to Duke.”
“Your brother will be disappointed,” I said confidently.
“Mmmm, I don’t know. Your guys have been chokers lately. “
I think I was as offended by that as I had been by his open looks at my chest.
“Strike two,” I thought
“Uhhh noooo, I don’t think so.”
He smiled.
“Care to back that up?”
“What do you mean?” I asked wrinkling my brow.
“Wow you really did graduate from UCF didn’t you? Would ...you...care...to make...a wager?” he said spacing the words like I was too dense to follow his question otherwise.
I kind of glared at him. As I said earlier, I am really proud. His condescending attitude was already grating, and now he was insulting my alma mater. Unfortunately that is also just the sort of thing that can trigger my temper and cloud my usually good judgment.
“What do you want to bet?”
“Well, how about the loser has to do whatever the winner says?” he grinned.
I sat back and folded my arms.
“I am not having sex with you.”
“Wow, hon. Some ego on you, I mean really, just assuming that was what I was going to ask for?”
I realized how arrogant that had sounded. I was instantly embarrassed.
“Oh..uh...no I just thought,” I stammered.
“Uh huh, I think we both know what you assumed.”
“I...uh...I’m so sorry.”
“No problem,” he said. “But I am not letting you off the hook just for being egotistical. If you win what do you want?”
I tried to resume my air of confidence, though I was still feeling foolish.
“If I win, you have to donate a thousand dollars to my school’s alumnae fund,” I said.
“A ‘k’ ,huh? Wow. Okay. Well, if I win you have to head up to Brover’s Beach with me this weekend... on my terms.”
“Brover’s beach?” I said.
“Mmm hmm.”
“That is a nude beach!” I said shocked. “I thought I said no sex!?”
“Nude is not sex, hon. But if I win, you will go with me to Brover’s and you will dress, or not, as the case may be, for a day out in nature according to my specifications.”
At that moment, UCF took a punt return and the runner broke a long run that ended in the end zone. The clock showed sixty seconds left in the half. My guys were up by twenty one. It looked like the rout was on. I looked back at Ron.
“Fine, it’s a bet,” I said.
He extended his hand. I shook it and glanced back at the screen. The risk of nudity was actually kind of titillating, especially when I was all but assured it would not happen.
Suddenly something was happening.
“Penalty,” said Ron.
He was right. Apparently one of the Knights had run into the punter. That gave Duke a first down. All of the sudden it was like I had just made some awful bet with the Devil. On the very next play the Duke quarterback launched a bomb and the receiver broke for the score. I swallowed hard and tried not to show the flip flops my stomach was doing.
“I just have to ask. When you were a cheerleader did you ever go to a game without those little panties on?” he said salaciously. “Maybe on a dare... or due to a lost bet?”
He was needling me. It was obvious he was trying to get a rise out of me. I shouldn’t have let it bother me, but it did. It bothered me and it took me back to a familiarity with my favorite film from the fifties. The idea of showing...off due to a bet...having to cheer...without, was deliriously, intensely embarrassing. It was the kind of embarrassment that triggered something horribly arousing, something that I refused to acknowledge. It was just too unladylike.
“Uh nooooo. I never did anything even like that,” I said giving him a look like he was something stuck to the bottom of my shoe.
He just laughed, which showed he knew he had found my “buttons” as my grandmother used to say. Oddly, that had the same effect as it would if he chased me around an office as my wardrobe flew helplessly off.
“Too bad. I know you’d have gotten my spirit up if you had. I can just imagine you kicking up high and flashing. Question is, he said leaning forward and smiling like a perverted schoolboy,” would I see a blonde or...a not quite so blonde?”
I think my jaw actually hit the floor. I could not believe this guy. Yale or not, accomplished or not, friend of my friends or not, he was completely out of line.
Our waitress arrived, keeping me from telling him off, and set our dishes before us. I looked over at the screen just in time to see our quarterback get walloped as he dropped back to pass. To my horror, he didn’t get up.
“That doesn’t look good,” said Ron. “Guess you’ll be staking it all on the old backup now, huh?”
He was right. I saw with a sinking feeling that our backup, a true freshman who had a notorious interception rate, was trotting onto the field. Fortunately he took a knee on the next play and we escaped to the half with a two touchdown lead.
“Please,” I prayed silently to the football gods.
But it wasn’t to be. Right from the start, the second half was a nightmare, a true catastrophe, like the fates had been bribed or something. The freshman quarterback started off with a pick six. Then on the ensuing kickoff our boys fumbled and Duke recovered. By halfway through the third quarter it was a tie game and Ron was talking the worst possible trash. He was asking if I tanned or burned easily. He asked if I had trouble buying bathing suits then corrected himself that I wouldn’t need to worry about that this coming weekend.
Just when it seemed I was doomed, the guys seemed to get their act together. A tipped pass ended up being caught for a huge gain. I actually forgot myself and stood up as he high stepped toward the goal line. We were going to score!
Then out of nowhere, the duke defensive back had a hand on the ball, it popped free and took a cursed bounce. A Duke player scooped it up and ran the other way, in the confusion he managed to go completely untouched for another touchdown. I sat down with a sense of complete deflation. Ron smiled like he had won the lottery. It was about to get even worse. As the fourth quarter commenced Duke intercepted yet another pass and raced down to the five yard line. I watched in sick despair as a few minutes later they pushed in for the score.
When I looked back at Ron he was eyeing me up and down like he had the waitress. Ten minutes later Duke iced the game with another long bomb to score.
“Well, I guess we will be getting to see a lot more of each other this weekend, unless you are planning to welch on the bet?” he said.
I thought I would at least try and appeal to his sense of decency. I was desperate after all.
“Look Ron, you can’t expect me to go through with that?”
He looked at me as amused as a cat playing with a mouse.
“And why not?”
I leaned toward him and lowered my voice.
“I live around here. I am a businesswoman for crying out loud. I can’t go out nude in public. What if I were seen?”
He smiled.
“Oh, I’m planning on it. But don’t worry. It’s a nude beach. I’ll be there with you the whole time.” Then he added, “you know, for uh, moral support.”
I just stared at him.
“I’m not doing it.”
“He smiled again.
“I kind of expected it from a UCF alum.”
I am not sure why, but that really got to something in me. The whole superior assumption on his part, I suppose. I just blew a fuse and reacted.
“You are a real jerk. I don’t welch.”
“Oh really?” he asked ever so smugly.
“Yeah,” I hissed. “I’ll go.”
“Excellent,” he said waving for the check.
When the waitress arrived he looked at her and said, “Have you ever heard of Brover’s Beach.”
The way her face changed, it was obvious she had.
“Uh yeah, it’s a nude beach,” she said uncomfortably.
He looked at me.
“It’s a nude beach,” he said like I had been asking him.
I turned bright red as she looked at me.
“Have you ever been there,” he asked her.
“Uh noooo,” she said disgustedly, “It’s mostly voyeurs that go there hoping to get a look at nude women.”
Ron just smiled as he paid the bill.
We got up and walked out of the restaurant. As he walked me to my car, I couldn’t help but notice that he was only a few inches taller than me, and sort of thickset. His bald spot was almost in contact with his receding hairline and he wore the length a little longer in the back. It suddenly seemed to me that he looked like a perverted Hobbit. We arrived at my car and without warning he took my arm and pulled me close. Before I could react, he planted a kiss right on my lips.
I think I just looked stunned as he gave broke it off and gave me a little pat on the bottom.
“Might want to make sure and get wax before Saturday,” he said grinning. “I’ll see you then?”
He laughed as he walked over and climbed into his Corvette convertible. With a wave he was gone leaving me wondering how I had gotten myself into such a stupid spot.
The rest of the week leading up to Saturday was a blur. I told Jenn that the dinner had been “okay, but omitted the details. There was no way I could let her or anyone know what I was about to have to do. She seemed willing to take it on face value that the date was a failure.
“Well, she said,” Maybe we can go shopping this weekend. That always cheers us up.”
“Uh noooo,” I said I can’t.
“Why not?”
“I am seeing someone on Saturday,” I said wincing.
“Really? Do I know him?”
“Uh, yeah. It’s, uh, Ron.”
There was silence, then she grinned like she had just learned great gossip. It was obvious she interpreted the next “date” as my interest in him. If she had only known the truth, I thought.
“It’s not what you think,” I started.
“No need to say a thing,” she said and grinned.
It was hopeless. I’d let her think what she wanted.
I focused on work the rest of the week and tried not to allow myself to contemplate what was coming, but at five pm on Friday my direct office line rang. I picked it up and I recognized Ron’s voice on the other end.
“How’s my future beach bunny doing?” he asked.
“Please don’t call me that,” I said.
He chuckled.
“Listen I will pick you up at ten tomorrow. You might want to wear a little cover up. We won’t be undressing until we get to the entry way to the beach.”
“Okay,” I said numbly.
It was suddenly hitting me. I was going to go through with this. Saturday had come too quickly. The next morning I woke up at six. I took a shower and for reasons I could not explain, I razored my bikini area, before I realized it really didn’t matter since there wouldn’t be any bikini bottom to protect my modesty. When I was finished, I stepped out of the tub and saw myself in the mirror. It was obvious this was going to be fair game for anyone looking pretty soon. I saw my breasts, now striking me as way too big for my frame, and the dark little Mohawk of hair ended just above my lips. If I stood perfectly you could not tell that I groomed them bare. If I didn’t...
“Well,” I thought, “I will have to be really careful.”
I looked at my trimmed landing strip above the shaved area again. I couldn’t help but remember his question about me being a real blonde. For some reason, that was one of the things that bothered me the most. It was pretty far from blonde down there and the idea that this guy would soon know that was almost like a terrible concession.
I walked into the bedroom and realized that I had no idea what to put on. I was going to a nude beach, yes, but I still I needed something to wear on the way. Feeling ridiculous, I grabbed a bikini and slipped it on. Then I went to the closet and pulled out a warm up suit that I usually wore to the gym.
Ron was nothing if not punctual. At ten on the nose I heard the now familiar growl of the Corvette as he pulled up in front of my townhome. With a sense of icy dread I waited for the knock at the door. It came and I opened it and saw him wearing a Hawaiian flower print shirt and a pair of cargo shorts that looked like they had been made of linen; an exorbitant display of wealth in such a casual way. From a fashion standpoint, it just didn’t work at all. He looked like a very wealthy beachcomber.
His attitude was still the same though. He looked me up and down even more blatantly than he had on our “date”.
I just sighed.
“Are you ready for our day at the beach?” he asked. He looked almost beside himself with glee.
“I said I would go,” I answered.
“Well, then let’s not waste a second.”
The beach was thirty minutes away. It was a blazingly hot Florida Saturday and even with the car top down at high speed the full effect of summer was undeniable.
“At least the sun will make my hair a little blonder,” I thought.
Then it hit me again, what was on my head wasn’t all that would be getting sun. I can’t remember exactly what we talked about as we drove. Mostly Ron chattered about how much fun he’d had on our date and how he admired my spirit in making good on the bet. I could sense a slight attempt to goad me with his congratulations, but I wasn’t going to give him the satisfaction of seeing me squirm, at least not yet.
We eventually pulled off at the exit to Brover’s Beach and as we approached the parking area, I realized that the beachfront itself was obscured from the main thoroughfare and parking lot by a series of high dunes.
“Thank God for that,” I thought.
Then I saw how many cars were in the lot and my heart sank. The beach had to be crowded. We hunted around for a spot, then finding one, parked and got out of the car. At the edge of the asphalt an unassuming little wooden walkway led up and over the dune. Above it was a simple sign welcoming us to Brover’s. We walked over and crossed over on dune into a small valley. I still couldn’t see the beach. I had just taken another step when I realized Ron had stopped. I looked at him. He was pointing at another sign.
It read, “Nude sunbathers may be encountered beyond this point.”
“Here is where we change,” he said grinning.
I felt a slight, almost neurotic bristling at his enthusiasm, but I was determined not to give him the satisfaction of seeing me react. I walked back over and kicked off my sandals. He was already unbuttoning his shirt. As I set down my beach bag, I saw him becoming ever more naked very quickly. Suddenly a lot of physical detail seemed right there in my face. He was olive-complected and had obviously been tanning well before that day. As he slipped off his shirt I also saw how extensively hairy he really was. It covered his shoulders and a fair amount of his back. I was actually kind of shocked. If he had reminded me of a Hobbit before, he really reminded me of an Albanian satyr now. Then he pulled off his shorts.
As I described earlier, he was not a fantastic physical specimen. He was short, hairy, had a sort of thick body and a bit of a belly. As he stepped out of his shorts, however, three things shocked me. First, he had not worn any underwear, second, he had not a hint of a tanline anywhere and third, he had the largest penis I had ever seen. I was really shocked. It was immense, hanging soft like an elephant’s trunk, with a large knob of a head. And as he moved, it swung like an anatomical pendulum.
Now I wasn’t just repelled by the guy and his attitude, I was also shocked and alarmed at the freakish thing between his legs. Even worse, I realized I was going to have to walk out there on the beach with him like a companion. I just knew anyone that saw us together...naked...would be thinking, well, all kinds of things that were extremely far from the truth. He looked up after he had gone completely natural and held out his arms.
“What are you waiting on?” he said, laughing at my stunned expression.
I was speechless for a second and what he did next almost made me take off running for the parking lot. With his arms out and grinning broadly, he swiveled his hips. It made his huge organ swing and flop back and forth obscenely.
“Shocking isn’t it?” he laughed at me again. “I guess things average out. I may not be handsome and smooth, but I am rich and hung!” Then a second later he added “Now your turn!”
I realized I had blown my golden opportunity to get undressed without him watching. Had I done it while he was doing the same, that private act would not be another familiarity, but I hadn’t. With shaking hands, I unzipped my top and slipped it off.
“You wore a bikini? How adorable,” he said. “That is so traditional.”
I pulled the bottoms off and stood there for a second. Then knowing there was no way out I unfastened my top and slipped it off. My breasts are pretty, too big as I said, but they are pretty. They also have a slight natural sag due to their weight, and aside from being so perfectly shaped they actually look quite real. The areola is a light pink and of medium size and the nipples are pale and thick. As I stood there they reacted, hardening in the sudden breeze.
“Holy shit,” said Ron appreciatively. “Palominos!”
It was the first time I had heard that term. I blushed, even as the worst was yet to come. I reached down and grasped the waistband of my bottoms.
“Want a drum roll?” mocked Ron.
I didn’t say anything, just pulled them downward as I bent over and then stepped out. The motion was slight, but the same breeze made me painfully aware that I had flashed ever so briefly my shaved lips. When I stood up straight, I was facing him, with my “true colors” displayed on my mound.
He laughed triumphantly.
“Oh man, now that is a delicious dark secret you have there,” he said.
I couldn’t be sure, but his penis seemed to thicken and lengthen a bit. Then he walked over and slipped an arm around my waist. When he spoke again, it was almost like he was commiserating even though he was the cause of my misery.
“Now, now,” he said. “Let’s just walk out there like it’s no big deal. Just a nice, respectable couple out for a day of fun in the sun.”
“A couple.”
That was exactly what I was afraid people would think when they saw us together. I took a deep breath, and feeling no better, resumed walking with him up to the top of the next dune. He maintained his intimate hold around my waist as we cleared it and in retrospect I think I know why. As I first saw the mass of people out there, I almost balked. It looked like half of Florida was out there, lying on towels and completely nude, at least the male half. I looked around. Only a very few women were there among the guys.
It was obvious. I had been so set up. I realized as instantly, a million eyes looked at us walking toward them. Ron, hairy and massively hung and his “date” with her big boobs and two tone hair-dos were on display. I wanted to die.
He walked us to the edge of the group and set out the towels for the both of us to lie down. I immediately got down on my stomach and face out of long view, and made sure I had my legs close together. In spite of my efforts and denial, I could see a bunch of men with their heads turned my way. It was so violating. Ron on the other hand, seemed to relish the attention. He took his time stretching out and he lay on his side facing me as he fished in our beach bags for suntan oil, a different pair of sunglasses, and a bottle of water. I glanced over and saw how his cock was hanging down, touching the sand. It looked almost non- human.
A second later I felt his hands, slick with oil rubbing my back.
“What are you doing?” I asked in outrage.
“Making sure that hot bod doesn’t get a horrible burn, Honey,” he said as his hands moved downward and kneaded my buttocks.
I was speechless as he worked the pliant flesh and for a second parted them revealing... I didn’t want to even think about what he might have just glimpsed. He worked lower and applied more oil to the backs of my thighs and then to my calves.
“Okay roll over,” he said.
I looked at him like he was insane.
“You can’t just sun one side.”
The sheer boldness, the assumption, sort of took me by storm. Numbly, I turned over. I also felt like every man out there was looking. Ron didn’t say a thing. He just oiled his hands and started in at my collar bone, then began a squeezing application to my breasts. In spite of my disgust for him, my nipples reacted, hardening even more.
“Somebody likes that,” he chuckled.
I was mortified and offended, but before I could reply, he had picked up the bottle and started dribbling oil onto my bush. It gleaned dark and shiny in the sun as he started rubbing the oil in on my tummy, then he reached down to my mons where he gave my little rectangle of hair a sort of swipe with his hand and allowed an inappropriate thumb to dip inward for just a fraction of a second before moving on to coat my thighs and legs. It happened so fast I did not have time to react verbally. My body, however, betrayed me. His thumb had hit my REAL anatomical button and I blushed at the reaction. I decided right then to make sure I kept my legs together. I did NOT want him to know how it was affecting me.
As soon as he was done, I flipped back over onto my stomach again to salvage some of my shredded dignity. Mercifully he stretched out on his stomach and took a deep breath.
Then he said it.
“Hey babe, how about you oil my back?”
I looked at him. He was doing that on purpose. He wanted us to look like we were involved. I was so offended, but at the same time his audacity, and the embarrassment was very sexually powerful. I put it out of my mind, though, and committed to not betraying how much he was getting my goat, I acted like I wasn’t that offended. I got up on my knees and poured some oil on my hands. Then I started working it into his furry shoulders and back.
“Make sure you get my buns and legs,” he said grinning.
I hated his attitude and at the same time...
I didn’t show a thing, however, as I worked the lotion into his buns and down his legs. I had just finished when he did what I should have expected. He rolled over. Apparently he really was enjoying it, because his cock was huge and semi-erect. It flopped off to the side like a sea cucumber or some alien being attached to a man’s torso by a stalk. I carefully oiled up my hands making sure that if he moved and it flopped back toward me it wouldn’t make contact. As I began working on his chest, he shifted his hips. The monster did exactly as I feared. It lolled around and swung toward my thigh. I moved like it was a cobra intent on getting me and it missed touching my thigh by an inch. I smiled at my small triumph and continued working downward intentionally keeping my hands away from his penis. Due to the position, I had to lean over him, however. I glanced and saw that he was looking at my hanging breasts with utter delight.
“Man, they move like the real thing,” he said impressed. “You shake a little and they sway just perfectly. In fact, why don’t you give them a little shake for me, Honeypot.”
“You are incorrigible,” I said.
“He really was like dealing with some hyper-sexualized mental infant or maybe a horny troll,” I thought.
I was down to his abdomen and distracted by our argument, and so I did not notice as he intentionally shifted his hips again causing his dick to swing over like a ship’s boom. It landed on my hands startling me and I jerked backward giving him the jiggle and bounce he had wanted. He laughed and clapped his hands.
“Oh man, that was too good,” he exulted. “Those babies really knock hard and heavy don’t that?”
I couldn’t even reply, but my nipples crinkled up saying more than words. I blushed.
I was about to lay back down when he looked over at the men that were watching us. I hadn’t missed the fact that some were actually sporting erections, but I hadn’t given any indication that I saw. It was already too humiliating. Ron knew I had seen them though.
“Hmmm,” he said seeming to reconsider his treatment of me. “This really is tough for you isn’t it?”
He sounded almost, regretful.
“Yes!” I said as though it was so outrageous to have to even answer.
“Okayyyyyy. You’ve been a really good sport. I tell you what. I’ll make another bet with you. If I lose we will go right now and I’ll never say a word about any of this...”
“It’s a deal!” I said too quickly.
“Okay but if I win, you have to suck my big dick right out here on the beach.”
I looked at him shocked. I had already agreed. I couldn’t even retract my agreement.
“Okay, so here’s the bet,” he said too quickly. “I bet... that you... are actually wet.”
And then he reached down and ran an indicting finger along my shaved lips. I still don’t know why he was right. My body had reacted to language, behavior, requirement, and a man that my brain rejected on almost every level. I felt completely in shock, and mortified, but when he held his finger up there was no denying the result. I think I looked at him like I wanted to crawl under the sand and tunnel home. As he saw my expression, his penis seemed to lengthen even more. It was so massive already and it now looked like it should have been attached to a man three times his size. Ron smiled and reclined on the towel. I stared at his cock.
“Well, you know it’s not going to reach over there and bite you,” he said. ‘Then again maybe it will if you don’t make really good friends with it right now, Jana.”
I was stunned. I had been tricked and my own body had betrayed me. In a sort of demoralized sexually hot daze I looked around desperately at the number of people that could easily see, then I looked back at him.
“You cannot be serious?”
“Oh yeah, I am. I really am! Now... suck it, Honeypot.”
I should have just slapped him. I wanted to. I should have stormed off that beach regardless of how much he would say I welched on a bet. I wanted to. But I didn’t. Almost beyond reason, and beyond reasons I can’t articulate, I felt like I had to.
I leaned over and grasped it at the base. It was really thick, so much so that I couldn’t completely close my hand around it. I held it straight up and lowered my face and, with a sense of kind of vague self-loathing and inexplicable helplessness, I extended my tongue and licked it all the way up one side and down another.
“Oh fuck, Honeypot, that is it, just like that. Give old Ron’s big Johnson some loving,” he sighed. “Give that big head a kiss like it’s your best friend, like it it’s your favorite of all time.”
I pursed my lips and leaned down. I pressed them against the big rubbery head and kissed it like a lover.
“Ohhhhh,” he groaned and to almost depressing effect, it elongated a little more.
“Now suck it!” he said.
I opened my mouth, wide. That wasn’t enough, so I opened it even more. I was on the verge of dislocating my jaw, I thought, when I was ready to take the head in. As it pushed past my lips, my senses flooded. It tasted salty, like the sea, like a man, I thought as I started to rock up and down blowing it. I had barely gotten the head in my mouth when I felt his hand on my blonde head.
“More, honey!”
I allowed the pressure as I felt the end of his penis bang against the back of my palate. I had all of the head and the sensitive collar below it going in and out. Then to my distress I felt more pressure on my head.
“More, honey,” he said again.
Now I am not a porn star or some practiced blowjob queen or anything like that. I was already handling about all I could of that thing. His insistence was compelling me to go past my comfort zone. It didn’t really matter what I wanted though. That much was evident. He pushed down on my head and I felt the tip bump the back of my throat.
I gagged furiously.
My eyes watered and my face turned deep red. As I tried not to throw up, I heard Ron chuckle.
“That happens every time,” he said.
I looked at him with a wounded expression.
“Here,” he said offering me a popsicle from a little cooler in the bag, “This will get your throat good and numb and you’ll be fine.”
I took it and gratefully inserted it to the very back of my throat. At first it was tasted funny, but then I realized the popsicle was a frozen stick of that numbing stuff you use when you have a sore throat. A few seconds later I wasn’t feeling anything, not even the sensation of swallowing. Ron looked at me and raised an eyebrow.
“Now, back to work, Blondie,” and looking blatantly at the strip of hair between my legs added, “If that is your real name.”
I grabbed his erection and poised it again. This time all I felt as it went in was a sense of fullness and a blockage when I tried to take a breath. I felt the fullness go to the back of my throat.
Then I felt his hand on my head again and I realized he was pushing my face down to take more of that big cock. It went in. I slid back up and took a grateful breath, then went back down to even greater depth. A few seconds later he had me in a fellating rhythm that must have looked obscene to anyone that saw. I was swallowing almost off of his penis and doing it repeatedly. I am sure it looked like I was inhaling a python. I was soon about to know just how obscene it really looked. I was working it, trying to make him climax before the numbness in my throat wore off when I heard a sound like a professional photographer’s camera shutter. I suddenly opened my eyes wide in distress and realized that Ron had taken a picture of me with his cell phone. Before I could even think, he had snapped two more of me staring into the lens with his cock massively distorting my mouth and cheeks.
“Here,” he said, turning it around so I could see the image.
I almost died on the spot. It was undeniably me, with a huge dick almost all the way in my mouth. My throat was bulging and my eyes were huge. He had gotten a perfect shot at that angle, even capturing my hanging breasts.
I slid my mouth up and off it.
“Delete it, I said in an almost foreign, husky voice.
My throat was so numb, and the abuse it was obviously taking, had me sounding an octave lower than my normal tone. Ron just laughed.
“Oh Honeypot, no way am I deleting that.”
A second later he had emailed it to himself.
“That is my insurance policy,” he said. “In fact, I think I’m going to want some more of this and I think I like you being a lot more compliant.”
I just stared at him in outrage.
“This is blackmail!” I rasped.
“Uh huh!” he laughed. “You may not have gone to an Ivy League school but you aren’t completely a dumb blonde are you?”
He looked overtly at my pubic hair again and added, “Well not a blonde anyway.”
Then he gave me the cockiest expression, almost one of condescension.
“Soooo, you aren’t done yet here either,” he said. “Now go all the way down. I want to feel your nose in my curlies.”
I looked like I didn’t know what to do. I was a successful business woman, a member of the local chamber of commerce, the Junior League. I had a reputation!
One that would be trashed if a pic of me giving a big fat blowjob on a nude beach got around, I knew. With a monstrous sense of defeat, I resumed my position and started swallowing his penis. He put his hand on my head again pushing gently but firmly.
“Morrrrre, morrrrrrre...”
I felt the bulging sensation going farther down my throat. It was offensive and disturbing, but the numbness was the only saving grace. Still, I couldn’t believe the awful realization of how far down my throat it was going and going and going.
Then I felt curly hair on my nose. I opened my eyes in disbelief and a new sense of self betrayal. It was a perfect expression for what Ron had in mind. I heard the camera shutter sound effect several times in succession. I looked right into it with a mustache of his pubic hair under my nose.
“Now I want you to come up super slow,” he said.
He was documenting what a cock sucker I was, a deep throat girl and on his cock. I hated him. I loathed myself even more for getting myself into this. And worse, I was over a barrel with him now too. Slowly I slid up and up and up as more and more of his shiny rod slid out of my mouth. Of course he took shot after shot so there was no denying my feat. I finished with it rigid and fully erect next to my face.
“Now that was a good girl,” he said and started to rub it. I should have guessed what was coming next, but I didn’t. He started to flog it harder, and he was already very aroused from what I had done. He reached out and put his hand on my head so I stayed in position as he pumped himself with the other. He didn’t last long. He gave me a filthy look, then falling back and arching, erupted right in my face. I started to pull away, but he had his hand holding my hair and I got a big spurt right next to my nose. Another blast landed as a thick warm jet on my other cheek. I screwed my face up in disgust, but couldn’t escape. Then a really vigorous shot landed on my forehead.
“Ohhhh shit,” he said, letting me go.
I start to wipe my face, but even though he had not fully recovered, he had other ideas. He lifted the cell. I could not believe he intended to...
The shutter sound happened again. He had documented my glazing.
I looked over at the men that for the last few minutes at least, I had forgotten were looking. Several were addressing their own erections to what I had done. I was horrified.
“Ron please, can we get out of here?” I begged.
He looked at me and chuckled. “You want to walk out looking like that?”
I reached up and felt the congealing spunk starting to liquefy and run down my face. He smiled and pointed at the towel on the sand.
“Better wipe that off,” he said.
I started to pick it up.
“Uh noooo,” he said putting a hand on it. “Just bend over and rub your face off on it.”
I could have killed him. We both knew that would have me facing directly away from those men. We both knew I would be on my knees face on the ground and we both knew what they would see. And worst of all we knew they would get a completely open, unobstructed view of my shaved anus and pussy... a pussy that was amazingly, disturbingly, and undeniably, now very, very wet.
To whatever degree Ron might have set me up and calculated how to get me humiliatingly nude in public, he did at least keep his word. I sat back on my knees aware of how too many men had just seen me give Ron that outrageously embarrassing blowjob and then have to wipe the result off my face with my bare crotch up in the air. Knowing was one thing, having to make eye contact as a bunch of middle aged opportunists rubbed their penises to my plight was a completely different thing. For that reason I kept turned, facing away from the beach. Unfortunately Ron guessed what I was doing and why.
“Don’t you want to acknowledge your adoring public,” he mocked as his flagging cock went from gargantuan and abnormally erect to half soft and sluggish. It lolled over heavily, and as he turned on his side, the monstrous thing slumped over hang all the way down to his beach towel.
“You said if I did it we could leave,” I said. My voice still husky from the bludgeoning, my deep-throating him had caused. On top of that, the frozen chlorasceptic popsicle--he had given me to numb my throat so I could deep throat him--was starting to wear off a little and I could feel a kind of scratchiness at having that monster that far down my throat.
“Nooooooo,” he laughed. “I said if you won the bet then we would go. You didn’t win. When you lost you had to suck my cock, remember?”
He wiggled his eyebrows like some perverted imp.
“And you did! Boy you really, really did.”
He chuckled, infuriating me. My face reddened in a mixture of resentment and shame.
“Now go on, turn around and smile.”
It wasn’t a request. We both knew that. Even more so, we both knew I couldn’t exactly refuse now. He had snapped a bunch of pics of one of the area’s most stellar young businesswomen with a freakishly large dick down her throat, in the nude, on a beach outdoors. If I didn’t want that all over the web by the time he dropped me off at my townhome later, I had to make good.
He seemed to read my mind.
“Yeah, you really have no leverage here, Jana,” he said smugly. “The pics alone are just soooo filthy. Add to that it’s you, “Miss Prim and Proper” doing the deed, and well, the curiosity factor alone would be enough to have every guy you’ve ever done business with wanting a look.”
I stared at him almost numb with the unfairness, with the audacity and outrageousness of it. He shrugged.
“And don’t even get me started on what all those society matrons and jealous competitors of yours would make of them. Can you imagine? All those women with these photographs in their possession? I doubt you could live with the catty comments and verbal shots you’d have to take... for as long as you tried to maintain any public persona anyway.”
He just guffawed as my face blanked with the comprehension of that. He was right. I’d be a laughing stock, an irresistibly, juicy bit of gossip for everyone that had envied or interacted with me. The men would be gross, overt and horrid, but the women... they would rip me to shreds.
He reached down and scratched his big hairy balls. It was just so rude. The fact that he felt no compulsion or reluctance to do it in front of me now spoke volumes. I think I must have looked shocked and little disgusted, because he just got a huge smile on his face. At the very least I know I cringed inside.
“Well?” he said spacing the words like I was an idiot, “turn... around... stand up... smile big...and give them a little bow.”
I stared at him incredulously.
“I think I feel like sending some emails,” he said picking up his cell.
That jarred me back to life.
“No!” I said holding my hands up too quickly.
He grinned. He had “pushed my buttons” again and he knew it.
It was difficult, but I forced a smile on my face like some well-trained beauty pageant veteran and I turned to greet my audience. I was not quite prepared for what I saw. Dozens of men were staring. All of them had sprouted erections, of every size and a wide variety of shapes. Some curved upward. Some were straight. Some were bent in a sideward arch. About half of the men were, well, “tending” to them as they stared at me. For the second time in less than ten minutes, I wanted to dig a hole in the sand and disappear. Instead, following orders, I stood up— with my big breasts jiggling—and put one arm behind my back and the other across my tummy. Then I leaned forward in a theatrical bow. At first they were silent. Several looked a little sheepish that they were openly and obviously “wacking-off” to my nude form. Then one of them yelled.
“Bravo,” said a short older man with a belly.
“Brava,” I corrected in my head.
It was so odd, even in that situation I was being “correct” with my grammar, a real grammar snob. The rest of the men just started to clap.
“Nice big titties,” said a skinny, suddenly emboldened man with a short stubby hard on, jutting from his pubic hair.
“Nice grooming,” added one with an upwardly curving erection rising from his grey nest of hair.
They started laughing as each attempted to one up the others.
“Nice shave job!” said a fat guy who looked like he could be my age.
“Nice high beams,” said a medium built man with a thick straight penis.
It was completely humiliating.
I turned back around and sat down next to Ron.
“Happy?” I asked bitterly.
“Oh deliriously,” he said. “Now with them all looking, lean down and lift my big dick up, look at them... and kiss it.”
I looked thunderstruck.
“You are such an asshole,” I said reactively.
He just smiled.
“We’ll get to that too soon enough,” he said. “But right now, pick it up, look them in the eyes and smooch old Mister One Eye. Now!”
I was trapped. I knew it, but this was just so emotionally manipulative of him. I reached down and grasped his thick sea slug of a cock gently and lifted it. The fact that it was long enough that I could heft it and have it still hanging out of my hand was not lost on anyone. I lowered my face, turned it slightly so I was seeing them all looking at my face, and puckered my lips. As I kissed the big head, I saw several men who had not been flogging themselves before, join in with the others that were doing it to sight of me.
“Snuggle it against your cheek, like you’re a good slut and it’s your favorite teddy bear,” I heard Ron laughingly say.
Just dying, I did it and saw two men lose control, shooting onto the sand. I felt completely exploited and ashamed.
“Oh my fucking God,” said the older man that looked like he could have been your basic, benign middle class neighbor start to erupt.
I felt so dirty and low, snuggling and kissing an obscenely large penis as men gratified themselves.
“Give it another lick, like it’s your favorite flavor of ice cream cone,” instructed Ron.
I turned and looked at him with his big organ next to my face. I am sure I look confounded and offended, because he burst out with a laugh.
“Yum, yum or email here I come.”
I turned back toward the horndogs on the beach and ran my tongue up one side with my eyes closed. I didn’t need to see. I could hear several groan. When I did open my eyes some were still exploding, some were red faced from the strain and a few were just starting to “get there”.
“Again, Honeypot.”
I licked again as the rest started to reach orgasm. At the same time my body was reacting, responding with a sexual flush that had me confused and terrifically , sadly, aroused.
When they had exhausted themselves, Ron tapped me on the head. It was so condescending. I turned again to look at him. His penis was starting to expand in my hand and I guess I looked kind of uncertain and vulnerable, because he raised the cell and snapped another indicting pic.
“Okay, well, I think we have done enough public service here. You’ve been very obedient. Want to get out of here?”
I nodded.
“Yes!”
He smiled.
“Yes, what?”
I wanted to kill him. I wanted to tell him off and storm off the beach. At least that would be some kind of reaction I could live with.
Instead, I said, “Yes, Sir.”
He just smiled wider as his penis grew even more.
“Yes, Sir, what? What is the magic word?”
“Yes, Sir, please?”
He chuckled and patted me on the head.
“See, blondes are trainable, even bottle blondes.”
Then adding injury to insult, he reached down and gave my pubic hair a little rub. The sensation went through me like an electric charge. Unable to speak, I gathered up my things and loaded the beach bags as he watched me do all the work. I stood up holding all the stuff and looked at him expectantly, almost pleadingly. He took his time, stretching and yawning. Then he scratched himself again and finally stood up, with his big trunk swinging back and forth.
We started walking back into the dunes. I didn’t look back once. I didn’t care if they were getting a look at my little buns working overtime as I walked hurriedly away. I just wanted out of there. Ron followed intentionally delaying as we walked together. When we descended into the little valley between the dunes, I presumptively started to grab my bikini and the warm up suit that I had worn during our drive over in the car.
“Hang on a sec,” said Ron. “I didn’t tell you to do that did I?”
I froze, confused.
“I, uh, what? I can’t ride home naked!”
He nodded and then rubbed his chin contemplatively like he was working out a problem. The expression on his face was an exaggerated consternation, completely fake, I knew because his penis was starting to lengthen and thicken again. He was messing with me.
I thought about the ordeal of blowing him earlier. I just hoped there was another of those numbing popsicles in the cooler. I didn’t have long to consider it because he walked over with his cock rising and pulled me to him. His penis was between us, pressing against my tummy as he looked me in the eye and said, “Kiss me like you want me.”
A kiss is an intimate thing, a nonverbal contract and confession of the heart to another. To give that to him like this, in that setting, was beyond objectionable. To do it after the way he had treated me, to become an active participant in my own betrayal, not just physically and sexually, but intimately and spiritually was too much. It would feel like I was being robbed of something so precious and central that once gone, if I did get it back, would be soiled and compromised.
He knew it too. He wanted me to kiss him like a lover. I had no choice. I pressed my mouth against his and tried to block out the context. Now, I like to kiss, I am in fact a sucker for the physical effects of kissing. Making out, even if it was the Devil, if he could kiss, would get a reaction out of me. So as Ron and I entwined tongues and worked our mouths in a perfectly pressed, soft union, I felt my nipples harden and my pussy became slick. He was not bad at it and he didn’t rush. I think he realized how devastating having me aroused then reaffirming the humiliating, real, power exchanged between us now would be.
I don’t know how long we had been making out there naked in the dunes, but all of the sudden, I felt his fingers softly pressing and stroking my clitoris. I gasped and broke the kiss. I was really wet and a sexual flush had covered my chest, neck and face. It was difficult to believe, but Ron was fully erect again. He didn’t say anything. He just assumed.
That in particular was so awful! His assumption was right.
He pushed me down onto the sand next to the little board walk and pushed my legs apart as he moved between my thighs. I remember looking at his erection and thinking, “There is just no way...”
But there was.
He positioned himself and began sliding the big head up and down getting it wet against my lips. Then with a slight cocking of his eyebrow and barely perceptible thrust, he guided the tip into my vagina. I gasped again and looked at him helplessly as he started to gently rock and slid his cock out and then in. Out and in, each time introducing it a little farther. I felt like I was being stretched more each time he moved.
Soon I had a good eight inches of the thickest cock I had ever seen, going in and out of me. Each time he pushed in, it was so overwhelming physically that I felt like I was being stuffed and I actually gave a little involuntary grunt. It really felt like he was so far inside that I was sure he couldn’t go any farther. Then I looked down and realized that almost half again as much of his cock hadn’t even made it through my lips. I can’t guess what the expression on my face looked like, but it seemed to delight Ron.
He pushed up on his hands and increased the angle so that as he was sliding out, the ridge around the bulbous head dragged along pulling the most sensitive aspect of my pussy and then bumped up under my clitoris. It was a terribly violating sensation and, at the same time, the most intense stimulation I had ever felt and I nearly lost my mind as he shoved back in. I ground my teeth and arched my back with my eyes closed in a sort of near delirium. Then I felt the completely foreign sensation of Ron at full length inside me. It was unbelievable. I felt his scratchy pubic hair against my shaved lips and the head of his penis up inside, beyond my belly button. I opened my eyes is shock as he hit maximum depth.
“Oh my God,” I blurted with soul deep gasp.
It seemed to excite him even more. Now he started pounding away with the head of his cock rubbing along the deep sensitive front side of my vagina where it traumatized and overwhelmed my g spot. In spite of what I thought of Ron, of the situation, of where I was, I lost control and locked my legs behind his hairy back as he plundered me deeper and harder than any man ever had. I groaned and grunted, in a base expression of sound. It was undignified, humiliating, and completely honest.
He was starting to build toward his climax. I could tell it. I turned my head away as I struggled for some decency but lost out to the irresistible sensation of my stretched stimulated pussy.
“Ohhhhhhhh fuck,” I gasped as I spasmed and gripped his cock in the most shattering, soul busting climax of my life.
Ron just gave a growl and thrust deeply. My eyes rolled as I felt like I had been impaled by a baseball bat. Then I felt the familiar twitching of his orgasm. A second or maybe a century later we lay still, locked together in a post coital haze.
“Now that was a show!”
I opened my eyes and looked over his shoulder. Several people from the beach were standing on the wooden walkway. They had seen us having sex. They started clapping.
I have never been so ashamed in my life. Ron, on the other hand, handled it like a curtain call. He stayed in me and looked backward at them grinning. Then he sat back up between my legs exposing my spread thighs, pubic hair, and worst of all, his penis still penetrating me. Any other man would have been out of me at that point, but he was a freak of nature. When he did intentionally extract himself, my pussy made a sucking “pop” and I gaped open looking like I had been stretched all the way to my tonsils. I closed my legs as people stared in shock.
Eventually they moved on, but the damage had been done. I was about to reach for the bikini I had worn in the car, when I caught myself. I looked at Ron. He was watching me.
“Have something you would like to ask me?” he grinned.
“Can I wear something home?”
He waited.
“Sir, may I please wear something home?”
He grinned.
“Of course you can. Why, it would be indecent and illegal if you didn’t. Silly blonde!”
I just took it saying nothing.
“Here,” he said reach into his bag. “I bought this just for you.”
He tossed the small bundle that fit in his fist over to me. I caught it and looked. It was a bikini, but the most minimal thing. The bottoms were a leopard print g string and the top was a thin, unlined, black triangle, string tie top. I looked at him aghast.
“Well?” he said looking severe.
“Well what?” I asked.
“Aren’t you going to say thank you?”
I really hated him. This suit might be legal but it was nowhere near decent enough for me to ride in public, and even worse, I realized, I would have to get out of the car and walk into my house in it.
“Oh my God,” I thought, “What would my conservative neighbors think of me if they saw me in this?”
“Thank you,” I said.
“Thank you...?” coached Ron.
I sighed in exasperation.
“Thank you, Sir.”
He just grinned and pulled on his beachcomber shorts and Hawaiian shirt as I stepped into the flimsy excuse for a bathing suit. It felt like my pussy and ass were not completely covered and as I moved, the top betrayed every jiggle and bounce of my breasts.
Like that, we walked out to Ron’s Corvette. We climbed into the car and he started the engine. It was going to be a very embarrassing ride home.