Aria woke up. It was Friday morning, she smelled like sex, her hair was sticky and tangled, her vagina was sore, and she didn't want to go to school. Devon lay next to her, sleeping through the alarm she had set on her phone the night before. He was cute, lying on his chest like that, a little bit of drool wetting the sheet by his handsome face. Aria liked him. When they had met at the mall just a couple of days before, she had wondered if she was falling in love. Now, having seen more sides of him (emotionally and literally, wink) she felt like she had achieved something. She supposed that she wasn't supposed to feel like that -- like she had found a crush, set a goal, won it and moved on -- but she had.
Then again, looking at him lying there... He would have been amazing for old Aria. She would have fallen for him hook, line, and sinker. He was gorgeous and hopelessly romantic in a teen boy kind of way. But Aria had been shown a glimpse of unending possibility in the last few days -- and unfortunately, Devon was no longer the type of guy who would ever be enough for a girl whose opportunities were limitless. It's not that Aria didn't like him, he just didn't... fill her. Not in a penis size way, he had exceeded that expectation. Aria had new needs and desires, where Devon just didn't fit. Poor Devon went from her wet dream to simply a sex toy to her, for crying out loud. Aria never pictured herself as the type to "hit it and quit it," but she realized that she had to do just that.
First though, he needed to give her a ride home. She shoved him out of bed and after quick showers they were quickly on their way.
Aria found the front door of her house unlocked and walking in.
"Good Morning!" Aria called.
Aria's mother sat in the kitchen drinking a coffee. She raised a drooping head in Aria's direction and responded with an unenthused "Hey."
Stomping feet approached the hall. "Good Morning? Good morning! Where have you been?" Jackson came into view.
"I stayed over at a friend's house. What's it to you?"
"You don't have any friends. Where were you?" Jackson was clearly mad.
"Quiet down, Jackson. It's morning." Their mother nursed her coffee mug.
"I know it's morning. That's why I'm upset. I haven't seen Aria since yesterday morning! Where have you been? You should have called or texted to check in!"
Aria could have sworn she hadn't seen him since Wednesday afternoon, before she went to the mall, but didn't bring that up. She was lucky he didn't think she was gone for longer.
"I'm eighteen, I'm an adult. I don't have to check in with you to have a sleepover."
"She's right, you know" Her mom chipped in.
"How are you not upset about this?" Jackson asked his mother.
"Aria spends so much time at the house. It's good for her to get out a little."
"And you do realize what kids her age do when they 'get out,' right? Drugs! Crime! Se... Other things they really ought to not to. Are you not the least bit concerned?"
"Well, I don't know. Maybe she could have sent a text, but it's not like she ran off for a week. You've done way worse Jackson, I don't know why you're so upset." Aria agreed.
"I just... Sorry. I just get worried." Aria strode over to him and gave him a big bear hug. He warmly returned it, then stiffened and pushed her away. "Go get ready for school. Don't be late. Jackson turned around and walked back to his room. Their mother rolled her eyes exaggeratedly, and Aria smiled.
When Aria left her house again, she was surprised to see Devon's car still parked in front of her house. She walked up and knocked on the passenger window. He motioned for her to hop in. She knocked again, and he rolled it down.
"C'mon. I'll drive you."
"You know, that's alright. I can just take the bus."
"Really? I'm here. Jump in and let's go." Aria had been looking forward to riding the bus to school again and maybe checking in with yesterday's couple, but he had waited for her. It would be weird to just send him away without her so she could ride a big yellow school bus. She slid into the car and closed the door. Before she knew it, Devon was reaching across her to buckle her in, smirking as her hovered his face in front of hers.
Aria imagined she were in a movie, like some sort of romantic comedy. I guess this would be one of those moments when you swoon over the male lead, who teases the female lead by looming over her feminine form all Alpha-like, holding his face close enough to kiss. A few days ago, Aria would have fallen for it. But she couldn't help noticing he had a bit of morning breath going on, and it would have been a lot faster if she had just handled the buckle herself.
Aria settled into the seat for the fifteen to twenty minute drive to school. Just as she was about to zone out watching the landscape flow by, Devon's voice interjected.
"So, last night was..." He let the sentence hang for her to finish. Aria turned her face to look at him, instead waiting for him to finish.
"...incredible. I've never felt so good. You and I just feel so..." he gave her another chance to fill in the blank. She didn't take it. "...Right. And I can tell you feel the same way, too." Aw, he was so sweet. "So, I was thinking that we could do this again sometime. I could take you somewhere nice, and uh..." Aria was curious to see how long he would keep trailing off his sentences like that. She didn't want to be an ass, but she really didn't have anything to say at any of his prompts. Last night was really good and she did not regret a thing. But it wasn't life altering or anything. Them together worked as well as you might expect two fit and horny teens to fit together. Plus, she didn't exactly have a date suggestion, seeing as she wasn't very into the idea of going on a date with him.
He was a fairly flat character, a two-dimensional pretty boy. He was like a stock photo, exactly what you would picture from a guy like him, down to the watermarked smile and trademarked personality. Everything about him was nice, but none of it was exciting, and Aria... Aria just wanted to have some fun! Her whole life had always been about moving forward, getting by and marching towards some unknown goal. She had been coasting, just passing the time. But now, time had unfolded for her, she no longer had to just be pulled along the menial tow of time's current. She wanted to storm, play, unravel, bask, and unfurl herself. There was so much to life if she just made the effort to stop playing along and play by herself, by her own rules.
Devon was still talking about something, and Aria decided to live by her own new set of morals. She wasn't going to waste this time sitting in a car with a hot guy, waiting for school to happen. Aria turned to look at Devon again. He made eye contact with her.
Aria sent him a naughty look comprised of a crooked smile and suggestively raised brow.
"What?" he asked.
Her arm snaked over to his thigh. "Oh, nothing."
Devon glanced down to her hand on his jeans, only just now noticing that he had a boner. He would have thought he was all screwed out after last night. "Aria, I'm driving. This is dangerous..."
Aria knew that so long as she was in the car, there was absolutely no danger. "Devon, do you trust me?" She hoped the line echoed in that part of his brain that seemed to revolve around romantic clichés.
He glanced at her with an intense look in his dashing blue eyes. "I do."
Aria rewarded his loyalty by freezing time and pleasuring him through the fabric of his pants, so that when time started again, he felt a jolt of pleasure that made him moan.
Devon looked down to see that Aria had moved her hand onto his bulge. She unbuttoned the top button and unzipped his zipper, and pulled his erection out from the folds of his boxers.
Devon throbbed in the cool open air, acutely aware that if someone drove by them and looked over, they would see his pulsing hard-on being stroked by Aria's tiny hand.
"Keep your eyes on the road, Devon."
Aria was acutely aware that, had she not had powers to manipulate time itself, this would be a very stupid and dangerous idea. She would never condone anyone driving distracted like this, just begging for an accident to happen. Unless they had the powers of a frikkin' time lord, which she did. So, it wasn't stupid and dangerous, it was just plain hot.
Aria began to stroke slowly up and down his shaft. It has hot. Her finger played around at the tip. She kept her eyes on the road, on his throbbing member, and his face. The muscles in his neck were taut, his hands clenched hard on the steering wheel.
"Your cock is so hot in my hands. You're so hard for me." Aria's fingers trailed down to the base, and she wrapped her hand around it. She pulled her hand up, feeling how his skin had only the slightest give over the muscular erection. She could feel the curves and veins of him, his imperfections, like she was reading braille. She knew what he wanted like he was an open book, and one with diagrams at that. Here it said that she should suck, and over there it said "lick" in bold print. Devon hissed sharply when her hand curved around him, gently twisting and rubbing him.
"A car just passed us, you know. It was a woman, maybe in her thirties. Imagine how close you were to being seen. All she would have had to do is look over and see your dick out on display. How do you feel about that?" Aria could see Devon was excited, and it was all he could do to hold on while she stroked his cock.
Aria didn't want to rush him to his orgasm, so she would avoid stroking too quickly or running her thumb over the tip when she thought he was close to cumming. Aria was getting into this -- she pulled her shirt and bra up so that it bunched around her neck and her breasts were on display. Devon suddenly had a hard time keeping his eyes on the road.
"Stay focused on driving" Aria giggled. "Now that my boobs are out, if you get caught, at least you won't be caught alone." Aria gave him what she hoped was a soft, reassuring squeeze. His hips rutted a little. "Pay no attention to me. I'm just playing with my nipples. I'm so wet and horny. Don't you just want to pull over and fuck me on the side of the road? Screw me hard, not caring who sees so long as you're plowing my pussy so hard that I cum all over the side of the road?"
They pair reached a red light, and Devon's eyes shot wide in panic, as a car pulled up on both sides of them. On the left was a pair of girls that Aria recognized as students from her school, and on the right was a car driven by a tired looking man heading to work. Aria jerked him faster.
"All they would have to do..." Aria trailed off her voice, mimicking his earlier trend and allowing him to finish the sentence in his head. Precum was making his cock slick at this point, and his cock glistened wetly in the light. "I bet they would love to suck on your fat cock." Aria referred to the girls in the car to their left, who were singing along to the radio, oblivious to the hand job happening just in their peripherals. Area tweaked her nipple. "You're thinking about cumming on their faces, aren't you? Shooting your hot jizz onto their breasts?"
Devon was about to cum. Aria removed her hand from him, not wanting him to cum yet. The light turned green, and they accelerated out of their standstill. Just as the cars all started to move, the man in the car on the right looked up just in time to see a blonde girl flash him her tits and wink. A car honked in the line behind him, and he jolted, remembering that he was driving and continued to work, his pants a bit tighter than before.
As soon as the school was in sight, Aria unbuckled and bent over the middle of the car. As they entered the parking lot, Aria stuck her tongue out and licked at the sensitive head of his prick. Devon grunted. This girl was going to drive him crazy. Devon pulled into a parking spot fairly far away from the building and killed the engine, sighing in relief that he could now succumb to the pretty vixen who was sucking and tonguing his cock like an Olympic master.
Aria took him as deep as she could and hummed around his cock. Devon held her head to him, scrunching up her hair between is fingers.
A muffled "Hey, D!" came from outside the window as a couple of friends walked by his car. They were only ten feet away, walking towards the school. If they looked any closer, walked any closer... Aria pulled her lips from around him, blowing a cool breeze onto his hot thing and used her hand to pump him energetically.
Aria froze time and massaged her jaw, cracking her neck which was sore from the uncomfortable position. She was horny as hell. She hopped out of the car and opened the driver's seat door. After having a quick look, she located a lever at the bottom of his seat that let her roll his seat back, making room for her to climb in and sit on his lap. It was cramped, and her head bumped into the padded ceiling of the car if she lifted herself too much.
Aria guided Devon's hot erection into herself, and she sank down on him. The world was quiet, except for her heavy breathing and the slick sounds of her wet pussy sliding up and down on Devon's rod. Aria rode him, her ass slapping with a light thud onto the fabric of his pants as she humped him in the school parking lot, surrounded by people on their way to class. It felt so good, using him like a sex toy, exposing herself, and having this damn cock inside her.
Aria moaned as she rode him harder, slumping over so her breasts pressed against the steering wheel that her fingers were white around from holding too tightly. Aria looked around in the parking lot, bouncing up and down on Devon's lap. She spotted student's she recognized, and some she didn't. The car that was beside them at the stoplight a while ago was pulling into a parking space up ahead, narrowly dodging Mr. Krocker.
Aria moaned, both from the feeling of sexing her boyfriend right there at the school, and from remembering the first man she ever made orgasm, Mr. Krocker. Just two days ago, on Wednesday, she had sat in his class and watched him twitch and grunt in front of the room as he shot his load into his pants, thanks to her thorough care of his family heirlooms.
Aria's finger reached down to her slit and her fingers brushed over her clit, pushing her over the edge. "AH AH AAAAaaaaaaaaaahhhh!" Aria yelled out as she was cumming, loud enough that the whole parking lot would hear had they been listening. "Yesssssss!" Aria fell forward, her breast landing against the car horn which blared under their weight, announcing to the world that FUCK YES, ARIA WAS CUMMING SO FUCKING GOOD. Aria panted, her body trembling. She carefully climbed out of Devon's lap, moved his seat forward, and returned to her seat, taking a breather. When she was ready, she lowered her head down near Devon's crotch and resumed time, pumping him hard.
Time started and welcomed Aria back with a thick rope of cum that landed in her face. Aria leaned forward and caught his cock in her mouth, and Devon pumped his cum into her. Aria swallowed, rubbing the head of his cock with the rough flat of her tongue and sucked, milking him for more.
Devon was having the equivalent of two and a half orgasms at once, making him think he had just had the best blow job of his entire life (And it would be. Later in life, as he fucked his wife or was blown by his mistress, he would fantasize back to this very blow job and orgasm with Aria.) Devon grunted her name, humping her face as his balls (nearly empty because of last night) did their best to inseminate Aria's throat. Devon nearly blacked out, especially as Aria gave him one long, hard, last suck. His vision went black, but cleared again as slowly the sensations drained from his body. Aria didn't pull away immediately, but let his cock soften in her mouth, enjoying the odd feeling of his cock being pulled from her purely due to it shrinking in post-orgasmic exhaustion.
Aria used her abilities to wipe off her face with a fresh towel she found in his gym bag. She would wash her face in school as soon as she got the chance.
Aria slipped out of the car and into the moving crowd of students headed into the building. She left behind a stunned and starry-eyed Devon limp in the driver's seat of his car, his sticky and flaccid cock left exposed on his lap, until he finally got his act together a couple of minutes later.
Aria was determined to make the most of her Friday. At one point after she had cleaned herself up, she decided to go on a rampage of removing girl's bras and hiding the offending items in their respective backpacks, and even deprived a few guy of their underwear (Which was considerably more difficult, considering the pants and shoes situation. She got around this by just grabbing some scissors from the art room and cutting them off) making sure she stimulated the boys just enough to have a stiffy so that they would appreciate the predicament she had put them in.
When Aria came across Beth and her boyfriend, the couple off of her school bus, she couldn't believe her luck. They were making out in a corner, Beth hidden slightly from view by the body of her man. Aria reached between them and fingered Beth, remembering how easy it was to make a girl in frozen time reach orgasm, since all of the sensations of frozen time would hit all together in just a few seconds of real time. Then she moved the boyfriends arm down the front of Beth's pants, placing his index finger squarely on her clitoris. Aria stepped aside to where no one would notice her sudden appearance and resumed time, and spied on the pair.
Beth's boyfriend, Aaron, was so consumed in the passionate and sloppy make-out session, he didn't seem to notice that his hand had moved from his girlfriend's side to her pussy. But his hand sure recognized where it was, and he took up fingering her in the middle of school, with unsuspecting passersby sparing the couple nary a glance. Beth shook through an orgasm, moaning into Aaron's mouth. She had recently discovered that fooling around in situations where they could get caught made her excited, and her boyfriend had just slipped a finger into her panties in the middle of a school hallway, only his body mass shielding her quaking, climaxing form from view. She flooded his hand with her juices. Aaron was a bit late to catch on to the fact that Beth was cumming, but when he noticed, he plunged his fingers into her, drawing a sharp cry from her. He muffled her as best he could with his kiss.
Both of them were unaware of Aria watching them, creaming her panties.
Aria breezed through her first class of the day, eager for math class to begin. Less than 48 hours ago she had discovered her power for the first time. Honestly, it felt like at least a week, or like four whole chapters of poorly written erotic fiction typed by a bored and horny college student.
The bell rang and Mrs. Hansen began a rant about how horribly everyone did on the exam. Oh, dear. Suddenly Aria wasn't so excited. About a third of the class had failed the exam, and only three or so student did well. In fact, one of them got a perfect score. Oh no.
"Aria got every question correctly -- showing strong improvement from earlier tests. She used to score pretty average -- Aria, I hope you don't mind my saying that -- but now she scored the best in the class. See, kids? This is what happens if only you studied! Study, study, study! It's not that hard if you put the work in." Aria cringed internally, feeling a little guilty about the fact that she didn't study much at all, and that her score was mostly thanks to wandering around confused, trapped in time-space. Stephanie, the girl who had shushed her periodically during the exam even though it was hiccups and it's kind of hard to hold those back was glaring at her. She was probably in the third of the class that failed, Aria mused. How delightful.
Mrs. Hansen passed out the exams, and Aria felt curious. She paused time to have a look at some of the other kid's grades. She wasn't the only one who had problems with question four, and a lot of people's exams were unfinished. Aria glanced over at Stephanie's. Woah, a 91%. Okaaay, so Stephanie wasn't as much of an idiot as Aria thought. Or she was also cheating. One or the other. Probably the ...
When time resumed, Aria kept an eye on Stephanie as the teacher went over the exam problems and how to solve them. Stephanie kept staring hard at her exam with a poker face, only looking up when the teacher explained one of the few portions she had gotten wrong. Aria wondered what she was thinking.
Before math ended, Aria decided to celebrate the two-day anniversary of discovering her new ability, stopping the clock seven minutes before the bell rang. She looked around the room for something to mess with. The teacher had a projector on and was showing the class the online list of homework problems to complete by Monday. Aria remembered how the internet still functioned when she froze time. She hadn't really played around with that yet, having been more concerned with the physical world than the online one as of late.
It occurred to her that it didn't make much sense that the internet worked in frozen time, or sometimes gravity seemed to work, and other times it didn't. Unless, or course, Aria was expanding her ability to other objects that she focused on wanting to move. For example, when she froze time in the bathroom, she had noted that running water froze in mid-air, but when she was orgasming in biology class, her juices dripped and wetted the pages of someone's notebook. Or how the car horn honked this morning -- it was a button that triggered an electrical horn, it wasn't like blowing into a trumpet -- a reaction had to happen, and reactions take time.
Aria would have to test this later, if she really could pull other things into frozen time with her. She wasn't quite sure yet what she could use it for, but it would probably be useful to her someday. Today, that use was the fact that she got high speed internet in frozen time, like she was the only person in the world using the worldwide web at that moment, so it lent all of its processing power to her request. Which was to pull up porn on the teacher's laptop.
Aria couldn't decide between a couple of videos, so she pulled up multiple windows, zooming in so that four different videos could be clearly seen taking up the screen. On one screen was generic porn, a man and a woman on a couch going to town. She scrolled to a graphic scene, and left that link open on one of the four windows. On another one she pulled up a catholic school-girl on school-teacher porn, scrolling to a part where it seemed the student was blowing their teacher because they absolutely had to pass this class and would do anything for a passing grade -- anything. On one screen, Aria pulled up a clip of a naked man ejaculating just from doing pullups. On the last window, she pulled up Rick Astley's "Never Gonna Give You Up." Aria looked up at the projector screen to make sure everything was in place and turned up the volume. Aria hit play on all the videos, touchlocked the fingerpad, unplugged the USB cable that connected the mouse to the screen, and sat down at her seat again.
The symphony began. Cue the strings -- long and low moans from the steamy missionary couple. Percussion! Sloppy Schluppy schlicks and lip smacking smooches from the schoolgirl with her mouth full of passing grades. Relative silence from the man doing pull-ups, but he was eye candy. All of this harmonized... actually fairly poorly... with the legendary beat of a Rick Roll. It was an orchestra of odd, an aria for Aria.
Some people gasped, somebody chocked, and the rest of the class cheered. Aria began singing along, because how can anyone not join in? "We're no strangers to love. You know the rules and so do I."
Mrs Hansen sprinted from the projector to the computer, her hand flying to the mouse to close the inappropriate windows. She shook it back and forth, trying to locate the mouse icon on the screen, unable to find it. She smacked the device on the table, like that would fix it. Guess what? It didn't.
Aria wasn't the only one singing along at this point. Several students had whipped out their phones, if they weren't too busy laughing hysterically. Mrs. Hansen ran over to the screen, trying to block the images. Instead, a view from between the missionary couple's legs projected a set of balls slapping into a vagina onto her forehead.
"OH PROFESSOR!" cried the slutty student who was somehow orgasming from receiving a facial.
"NEVER GONNA GIVE YOU UP, NEVER GONNA LET YOU DOWN" cried the entire class raucously. A festive singalong was in progress as Mrs. Hansen ran back to the computer, trying the mouse again. She threw the mouse away in frustration and shook the computer screen, the mouse cord slapping her face on the way out. Mrs. Hansen realized then that the mouse had been unplugged, so she ran across the room to get it.
The classroom door burst open and Mr. Jensen, the vice principal strode in. "What's all this noi-!?!" He spotted what was happening on the screen. His shocked face searched for Mrs. Hansen who was fighting to pull the computer mouse out of some dude's grip.
Mrs. Hansens alarmed eyes pleaded for help. Mr. Jensen hustled over to the laptop and slammed it shut. The projector screen went dark, but the audio kept blaring through the speakers. The cacophony of orgasmic moans, the "you're so fuckin' tight," and "YES teacher, tutor me! Punish me!" and sweet tones of the ginger-haired one-hit wonder encouraging the class to keep singing.
"Never gonna make you cry, never gonna SAY goodbye, never g-" Mr. Jensen ripped the cables connecting the laptop to the classrooms media center.
"What the HELL is going on here?" The class went quiet. "YOU!" Mr. Jensen pointed at the boy whom Mrs. Hansen had been fighting for the mouse with. "My office, now!" The kid obeyed, silently packing his back and walking out of the classroom, holding back his mirth.
"What happened here," he prompted again.
Mrs. Hansen straightened out her ruffled clothing. "I don't really know, exactly. It just popped up on screen, and I couldn't get it to turn off!"
"And why didn't you just unplug it?" Aria noticed that the audio was still playing from the laptops muffled speakers. Rick Astley's song faded out, and the moans of porn suddenly sounded all the more comical and brash.
"Honestly I didn't think about that. I was panicking, and... I don't even know what happened. It must be some kind of virus."
"And how did this pornographic virus end up on a school-owned computer?" Mr. Jensen was angry. Aria flinched. It was a prank, she didn't want Mrs. Hansen to get into trouble over this. The vice principals public interrogation continued, sucking all of the earlier joyful mood out of the room as the weight of his words sank in. Mrs. Hansen wasn't the best teacher, but she didn't deserve this.
Aria froze time. What to do, what to do... ah hah!
Just as Mr. Jensen was about to march Mrs. Hansen out of the room, a loud scream from down the hall stole everyone's attention. The teachers jogged out of the room, and the students began to whisper amongst themselves. Then, a loud moan erupted from the other end of the hall. And then, in the classroom next door, Rebecca Black's "Friday" began playing loudly.
The students caught on to what was happening and spilled out into the hallway so that they could peer into other classrooms. Each room was matched with a frantic teacher battling with technology. Of course, some teachers were quick enough to power down their computers or unplug the media, and some teachers weren't using projectors at that time. But most teachers panicked. In the end, over thirty classrooms were treated to various forms of porn while the faculty ran around the school, helping each other to power down their software.
Lunchtime was abuzz. Aria walked her lunch tray down to her newfound friends at the popular table. Stephanie was right on her heels, and Aria thought she tried to trip her. Nimbly enough she avoided it and sat down. Lindsay greeted her with a wide smile, and Joey across the table gave her a little wave.
"So what did you get?" Lindsay asked.
"What do you mean?" Aria began eating her food.
"Our class got midget porn. Josh's class had BDSM, and Joey's class had a squirt compilation. Hannah's class didn't get anything, and Lauren's," Aria noticed that Lauren wasn't sitting at the table today, "had a video of childbirth. Someone barfed. What class were you in?"
"Oh, our class had a couple of porn screens and a rick-roll" Aria looked up to see Joey smiling and staring at her. "What?" She thought she had missed something he said.
Lindsay launched into monologue. "You got multiples? Your class is so lucky. This was the funniest fucking thing since-"
Aria turned to pay attention to what Lindsay was saying. Joey did his best to pay attention, too, but he was distracted. He had been zoning out, thinking about Aria, imagining her squirting like those girls in the video. He wanted to see her squirt and shake, moaning his name, screaming her love for him. He could just picture her long legs quaking around him as his young wife drenched him in her -- wait, wife? Girlfriend. Aria was going to be his girlfriend, just as soon as he asked her out. His gut twisted and heart beat at the thought.
"By the way, it's like kind of secretly nice that Lauren isn't here right now, she would totally kill the conversation. Her step-mom was in a porn once, you know, and if Lauren were here right now she would be bitching about it non-stop. It gets old, like, real fast. Right, Han?" The girl on the other side of Lindsay nodded her agreement.
Josh, the guy sitting next to Joey asked where Lauren was. Apparently, there was some sort of emergency cheerleader meeting going on. Kyle, who was sitting further down the table was just about to speak up when the school intercom crackled and squeaked that nails-on-chalkboard squeak.
"Attention students. Next week's pep rally is being moved forward due to unforeseen circumstances. The last class period of the day is cancelled, and all students are to report to the auditorium. Attendance is mandatory. Repeat: Last period is cancelled in leu of a pep rally. Thank you."
Aria was going to take a wild guess and assume that she had something to do with the impromptu pep rally. Oops.
Lunch ended quicker than it had any right to (as usual), and Aria made her way to English class.