"Honey, promise you won't get mad, OK? I have to tell you something." Mary said timidly. It was late, starting to get dark outside and she'd just gotten home. The dim lighting in the living room masked the mussed hair as well as the way she gingerly bent over the back of the couch where Pete sat watching NASCAR racing on the big screen. She kissed him tenderly from above.
"I promise." Pete's expression was serious as he studied her face for clues. "What happened?" She looked OK to him. As a matter of fact, she looked really good in that baby blue T-shirt dress. He thought that it must be new; he would have remembered the way that didn't quite cover her ass and let her tits show through the thin material. The thin yellow silk sash pulled the material taut, accenting every curve and making it even more alluring. He loved the idea that every man who saw her would have lusted after her, but that only he could have her. The back had the letters "DOC" emblazoned across it. If it wasn't new he'd have recognized that brand.
He followed her to the dining room where he poured each of them a glass of wine as she took a seat. He was always the gentleman, letting her walk ahead of him. The view of her firm ass always turned him on; a guaranteed boner each time. She was petite with small tits that would be perfect on a young teenager but they looked even better on her more curvaceous body. Now that she was sitting he marveled at her beautiful legs; legs that went all the way from the floor to her ass, as his dad used to say. Now that she was sitting, he mused that in that dress they came all the way up to her pussy too,
"I ran into one of your friends today at the bank. He followed me to the park on my lunch hour." She fiddled with the napkin on the dinner table as she talked.
"Really? Who was it?"
"I'm not sure. You said you wouldn't get mad. Your friend followed me to that shaded glade at the top of the hill where I like to eat lunch. Honey, he forced himself upon me." She looked embarrassed. "He took me in his arms and kissed me!"
Pete immediately became alert. No one was allowed to touch his wife without his permission. No one! Pete was fuming as he pictured one of his friends kissing his wife. The only bright spot was that she did not go willingly. Like any good wife, she fought to protect her honor.
She'd never seen him look so furious. "Calm down Honey." she cautioned him. "You're getting upset."
"Who was it? I'll kill him." he growled. Fists clenched and released under the table.
"You better not! You'll go to jail!". He seemed to calm a little. She continued "I think his name was Gerry or Larry or something like that. So anyway, when he pulled off my dress I got kind of excited. It's that silky yellow sundress that you like because it shows me off so well, remember? He's so big and strong, and he made sure that his hands rubbed my ass and pussy as he undressed me."
"That sounds like a move Gerry would make." he muttered.
Mary assumes a dreamy expression while looking off into the distance.
"Then, Honey, he made me take off my bra... that flimsy lace one you think is too sexy because it makes me horny? Yep. That one. And then he pulled off my panties, but honey, that was all it took to push me over the edge. I couldn't help it, I was so excited that I came within minutes when he stuffed his fingers up my pussy. Who would have thought that it could be so exhilarating to be diddled while naked in the park?"
He's confused. He doesn't believe it. His prudish wife? Cumming from a public fingering? Never! And yet...
"Gerry's dead meat. I'm gonna kill him." His face is red. His palm crashes into the table for emphasis.
"Don't you dare," she admonished him. "He was actually pretty gentle. Then he sat on one of the playground toys and pulled me to him. My tits ended up at just the right height when I straddled his lap. Honey, which would you rather do? Suckle on my nipples or rub your cock between my thighs?"
"Uh... I'd rather suck your tits." She had a slim little figure, so of course he loved having her pert 32A titties in his hands and mouth. She knew he would say that. After all, given the chance he'd find excuses to play with her tits all day long.
"That's what your friend did too. God, it felt great to sit there, naked while his lips made love to my breasts. A man was walking by and he even stopped to watch for a few minutes. I got so turned on and squirmed so much that your friend's cock was rubbing against my pussy lips."
"Oh my god. Tell me he didn't penetrate you!"
"OK... He didn't penetrate me. I guess he was distracted by the phone call from James. You remember James? He was at the BBQ last month? He was trying to untie my bikini bottom in the hot tub; Remember? Anyway, Gerry could have stuffed that big hard cock right up my moist pussy and I couldn't have stopped him, but he was busy giving James directions while also trying to suck my titties. James must have been close by. He showed up there within minutes."
"James is such a pushy bastard. I hope he helped you get away from Gerry."
She paused for a moment, thinking, or maybe just remembering.
"Oh yeah, he helped. When he stood next to where Gerry was pumping in and out, his cock was at just the right height for my mouth. Gerry saw that big old uncut schlong between my lips and he just started to pump out loads of cum. He just pumped in and out real hard and fast. I could feel the cum dripping out of my pussy."
"He not only fucked you, but he dumped a load up your cunt? Oh my God!"
"What makes you think that he was in my pussy? You asked me to tell you that he didn't penetrate me. Make up your mind Honey!"
"OK. Tell me, Was he in you?" The words just tumble out. "I can take it. Tell me. Please?" Pete seemed to be in a state of shock. Or maybe denial. Either way, he had to know.
"Oh God yeah!" She blurts. " He was 5 or 6 inches deep in me when he started to cum while nibbling my nipples. Then he pushed deeper! I've never been so filled!"
He moans, and the words he manages to utter come out as a mumble.
Somehow she understands what he asked. "Was he bigger? Oh babe, his cock hit places I've never been touched before. Between the way he nibbled my nipples and the way that he was filling me with his cum, there was no way that I could keep from cumming. He was better than all the others. James had promise, but as soon as he came in my mouth he just left. Wham bam, thank you mam. Sort of a pig, right?"
Pete was listening closely and picked up on the key word in that one little sentence.
"Others? What others? Like guys from before we met?" Those were the only others he could think of.
"No Honey, I mean after Gerry left the park. What's the matter honey? Don't you want me to tell you about the other guys?"
"WHAT OTHER GUYS... eh-hem," he lowered his voice, "I mean what other guys?"
"Well, as I was laying there enjoying the afterglow I watched your friend get in his car. That's when I realized that he had my clothes and my purse with him. All I was wearing were the burgundy spike heels that you like me to wear when we go out. I'll have to remember to wear that outfit when we go out dancing." she said with a girlish giggle.
"I can't believe that." he insisted. "None of my friends would do that to you! Would they?" he mused, his voice tapering off as he imagined his naked wife stranded in the park horny and full of another man's cum. Wait. Two men had cum in her. He was getting excited when he should be angry.
"I yelled to him, asking for my clothes, pleading, but that only attracted the attention of the park clean up crew. Your friend just drove away." Again, she got that far away look on her face. Her hand was demurely laying in her lap where her fingers absently brushed across a her barely covered thighs.
"The clean up crew???" his voice squeaked as he tried to sound manly, but to no avail.
"Yeah, you know about the cleanup crew. It's made up of guys who are doing public service for minor crimes. Some of them are criminals out on good behavior for more serious crimes. They don't mind working on the crew, since all they can do in jail is sit around watching TV or work out in the gym. What a waste that would be of some beautiful muscles!"
"Crap!" He was alarmed, and his voice showed it. "Those are men you want to stay away from Mary. When they get together in a gang they can be dangerous." That sounded stupid, even in his own ears.
"You're telling me! I counted 9 of them by the time they were done." There was a gleam in her eyes that he decided to ignore. Alas, he couldn't really do that. He had to know.
"Done? Done doing what???" Yes, he just had to know.
"Well, she explained, "the first guy to arrive offered me his shirt to wear. I told him I was cold so he held me real close. He looked at me, then he got a thoughtful look on his face. He very politely asked me to pull up the hem of the shirt, just enough to flash 'the girls'. So I did.
"Aren't you Pete's wife? Mary or Missy or something like that?" he seemed to know her from somewhere.
"You don't recognize me? From the BBQ?" he asked incredulously. She shook her head no. He stood up and dropped his pants to his knees. "How about now?"
Her face brightened up. "Toby!" she loudly exclaimed.
Pete's jaw hit the floor. "How could you do that? Wasn't it embarrassing for you to be that close? You were half naked in front of these men! And one of them just flashed his cock at you!" He was ready to explode. He didn't really want the answer.
"It really wasn't hard, at first. But I stroked it a little and it got plenty hard. He-he" She tittered like a schoolgirl sharing secrets in the girl's bathroom.
And there it was. The answer that he really did not want. He asked anyway. "Wait. What? What wasn't hard? Don't tell me you were giving hand jobs to convicts!"
"OK, OK, I won't." she agreed. "Um... It wasn't hard to parade around half naked. How's that?"
Her smile said that she was pleased with her explanation.
"Oh hell. Go ahead and tell me the truth. Tell me... what got harder?" He looked at his lap where his own erection was plainly visible as he prepared for the rest of the tale.
"Well, Toby stood in front of me, and he got harder, then he called over to Paul. You remember Paul? He and Toby were both busted while taking our babysitter home from the BBQ. It seems she was still jailbait so both of them are doing community service together. So Toby tells Paul that 'this one is legal' and before you know it I'm leaning back against Paul's nice sun warmed chest while he kisses my neck and plays with my nipples."
"Before you know it, everyone is gathered around the table. Toby tells me that they are shielding my nakedness from prying eyes. Pretty good friends? Right?"
The two guys playing with my tits got harder as the cocks in my hand got harder. One of the guys got the idea to use his belt to tie my hands to my ankles and then spread my legs. Everything I had was on display. The guy fingering my asshole got harder."
(silence)
"Did you know that a skilled woman can pleasure 5 men at once?" she softly asked. "That's what Toby said. He was right, by the way." (holding up two hands with thumb and forefinger making a ring). Looking from one hand to the other.
"When the hell was Toby giving you gang-bang tips?" Pete stammered.
"Let's see. He was standing in front of me with his heavy black cock hanging right in front of my face, and I said something like "I could never handle that much meat" so Toby offered to help me learn how. Eventually I had a cock in each hand, one in my mouth, a tongue on my clit and two mouths on my tits. Hey! That's Six!" she said with a proud smile.
"He's going to die. I swear I'll beat him half to death. Wait a minute. That's not Toby. Toby's Irish!"
"Silly, he's black Irish. The one that was face fucking me was black, and boy was he built." She could not avoid the big smile as she recalled her encounter with Toby, His strong shoulders and taut ass cheeks. When he set the rhythm all she could do was hang on for the ride.
"I think that I can do a deep throat on you without gagging now. That's a good thing, right?"
"My wife was naked and face fucked, in public by a black man and 8 of his friends??? And they taught her to swallow cocks too!" He looked deep into her eyes. "When did it all end?"
Mary had to think. "I think it was about 3 o'clock when the last of them got dressed again. The school bell had just rang and I could see teenagers leaving the high school a few blocks away. Tony was busy eating the cum out of my pussy, so I was still on my back with my hands tied to my ankles. Doesn't Tony seem a little queer? He loved eating the cum wherever he found it. Pussy, face, cock, ass, wherever! I have never felt anything that felt as good as Tony's tongue as he sucked the cum out and licked my pussy at the same time. You've got to try it some time Honey. I was at the verge of another climax when there were some shouts and then he jumped up and followed the others who were running into the bushes. He didn't even remember to grab his shirt before running off."
"I would have followed them if I could, but they all ran off when the cop car arrived, even Toby. He didn't have time to untie the belts that held me in such a lewd position on the picnic table. He kissed me gently before abandoning me there with my legs spread wide and my ass and pussy on display. The cum all over my face didn't even have a chance to dry before the policeman walked up cautiously. It was George from your softball league"
"Thank god for the cops," He said quietly.
"Thank god it's over," He thought to himself.
"Yeah, He looked me over as I begged him to cut me loose. He asked me to tell him all about what happened while he took pictures for evidence, so I gave him the whole story. I didn't leave out any details. He made notes in his report log and took pictures from every angle. He's very thorough."
"And???" he prompted.
"That's when he took off his coat, and then his gun-belt, and then he unbuckled his pants. 'Well, Missy,' he drawled as he shoved his cock up my ass, 'It looks like this just ain't your day!'"
"My god this can't have happened!" Pete nearly screamed.
Mary smiled at her gullible Husband.
"Yeah. I'm just joking with you. But your buddy "Old Man Perkins" did pinch my ass as I left the bank and told me to tell you that he said "Hi".