Continued from Katie and Paul Part 10...
The story told from Geoff's point of view.
Watching Katie over these last few months had been a godsend for sixty-one-year-old me. It had also ignited something inside me which I thought I'd lost years ago, my voyeuristic side. It wasn't just the fact that she was young and beautiful, and liked to walk around naked a lot, it was that she hadn't tried to hide it since finding out that I was watching her.
I didn't have a particularly pleasant childhood. I was always overweight as a child and had the obvious name-calling. I knew I wasn't particularly good looking either, but I tried not to let these things bother me. I tended to avoid social events though, especially if they involved people from my school.
I stayed on at sixth form at school, University wasn't an option, so I left school at eighteen. I was just over fifteen stone now. Despite some female attention, I'd still yet to have a girlfriend. It was around this time a couple of incidents made me realise that I enjoyed being a voyeur. I was at a family party, and a slightly older female cousin of mine called Sue had bought her friend along, Sally. She was nineteen, with long blonde hair, and a very short skirt. All the seats were taken so Sue and Sally were sharing a beanbag. Every time Sally got up her skirt rode right up, and although she pushed it down as quickly as possible, I got a glimpse of her panties every time.
I was trying not to look and kept checking if anyone, especially Sally, could see me doing so, but something inside was telling me to. I could feel the blood pumping to my loins and didn't know what it meant. Sally came back with drinks and leaned over to give the glasses to Sue, giving me a perfect of her panties from behind. I felt a rush of blood go through me and realised my penis had gone hard. I was still so sexually awkward that I didn't know why, this was at the end of the 1970's so we had no internet to learn about sex.
I quickly darted to the toilet and pulled out my erect penis, slightly shocked that it was bigger than normal, and touched it. My foreskin moved, so I rubbed it a few times and made myself come. It shocked me, obviously I had no idea what was happening.
A few weeks later I got a job as security in a women's wear store. Security was a loose term for the job, I stood by a desk by the changing rooms and made sure people bought out the same amount of items they'd taken in. I'd noticed a few times that women getting changed didn't always pull the curtains across properly, and combined with the full-length mirrors in each room, I started to get a better understanding of women's bodies of all shapes, sizes, and ages. Just like with Sally, I knew I shouldn't be looking, but an urge inside made me do so.
I always tried not to get caught looking but eventually did. I was looking at a woman as she came into the store before she even came towards the changing rooms. I couldn't keep my eyes off her. She bought some items over to check in with me, and she saw me blush when one of the items was a corset underwear set. She smiled at me, went to the furthest room, and pulled the curtain. In making sure she pulled it far enough to cover the gap, she pulled it away from behind her.
I watched her undress, sliding her dress down her back and legs, she unhooked her bra and dropped that on the floor, then slid down her panties. This was the first woman I'd seen completely naked. I knew my penis was hard again, and I felt my hand stroke the front of my trousers. I turned to check nobody was around and continued to stroke. I watched her slip on the panties and corset she was trying on, then she turned around and stared straight at me.
I still had my hand on my penis, and I thought she was going to get angry. Instead, she pointed a finger and beckoned me over to her. I walked towards her, and her eyes dropped to my crotch. As I got to the room, still with my back to the rest of the shop, she put a hand out to stop me.
"You obviously like what you can see, now let me see yours."
Her hand dropped to my fly, pulled it down, then released my hard cock out into the open. She gasped and grabbed it with both hands, and started giving me my first hand job. We heard a noise from behind me, so I quickly put it away, and rushed past one of my colleagues and asked her to watch the counter as I needed the toilet. When I returned she handed me a ripped scrap of paper with a phone number on it, and the name Karen written on it. Karen would later become my wife.
It took me two days to phone her. I told her I'd never been with a girl before so was scared to contact her, but she seemed to be fine with it. She gave me her address and asked me to come around and visit her the following day. I arrived and was greeted by her mother, who seemed pleasant enough, but her dad looked me up and down like I wasn't good enough for her. I was used to that kind of look so it didn't bother me in the slightest.
We talked in her room for around an hour, I expected her to laugh when I said I wasn't just a virgin, I hadn't even kissed a girl. She was understanding. We practised kissing until a knock on the door interrupted us, and her mum bought in two cups of tea and told us they were going to the pub for an hour, and we were to help ourselves to snacks if we got peckish. Karen told her thanks. The front door didn't have time to shut properly before she started undressing.
"We don't have to have sex," she told me, seeing my mouth gape open, "but if we see each other's bodies it will help me teach you properly."
She'd virtually undressed but all I could do was stare at her. She removed her bra and her breasts almost didn't move. She didn't even pause before sliding down her knickers. Her pubic hair was jet black. She took my hand and placed it between her legs, then pushed it forward a few times, her body shuddering.
"Can you feel it getting wetter?" she asked, "That means I'm getting turned on. Natural lubricant."
She turned to help me undress, finally naked she gasped when she saw my cock again. Still soft this time, she marvelled at its length. She asked me to rub her again while stroking my cock until it was hard.
"And that's the reason women need to get wet down there, otherwise you'd rip someone in two trying to force that in them!" she exclaimed.
I came all over her hand after a few minutes, and after wiping it up told me not to worry, I just needed to learn how to control myself. We spent forty-five minutes with her explaining things to me before we heard her parents returning.
Three months later her parents went away on holiday. Karen was going to be on her own, so her mum asked if I wanted to stay there to save keep travelling for the two weeks. Karen agreed for me. The first night they were gone we had sex properly for the first time and fell asleep in each other's arms. We awoke the next morning and the weather was beautiful, really hot and not a cloud in sight.
"Let's go and sunbathe in the garden," Karen said.
She quickly got out a swimsuit which didn't cover a lot, I couldn't see her going swimming in it anyway! I put on some shorts and followed her out to the garden. She placed down a big picnic blanket and we lay together. There were fences on either side of the garden, but one side was lower than the other, only about four foot tall. I asked her about it and she told me Fred, the husband who lived that side, had replaced them all last summer saying they were rotten.
"I didn't think they were, but perhaps he just wanted to get a better view of me?" she said.
"A better view, what do you mean?" I asked.
"Oh, he likes to watch me when I'm out here. Most of the time he's in his bedroom, but now he can lean over the fence too. He's up there now, I can see the curtain moving."
"What does he watch you for?" I asked again.
"Well I should imagine he's masturbating," she answered.
I looked shocked that she seemed so non-plussed about it. I asked if it bothered her.
"Not really, it's actually quite a turn-on. I have an idea, go upstairs to my parent's bedroom overlooking the garden, and watch. Stay up there for at least fifteen minutes okay?"
I did so, going to the window. I pulled the net curtains over so I had a clearer view. Karen had turned onto her stomach now, her legs bent upwards at the knees, and spread a little. She reached behind her and rubbed suncream onto each cheek in turn, moving her bikini bottoms to one side each time. Three minutes passed before Fred appeared at the fence, but instead of standing by Karen, he stood so he was still behind her.
Karen looked over her shoulder and waved to him, and started a conversation. I couldn't hear what they were saying and didn't want to open a window so as not to alert him. Karen had her head twisted to face him, but he stayed where he was so she turned over. In doing so she spread her legs further and planted her feet on the floor. She brushed at her breasts like she was knocking grass off them, and I saw her nipples start to grow. I gazed between her legs and realised I had an erection.
She continued talking to Fred, who had one arm leaning on the top of the fence. Karen kept pulling at the bottoms, pulling them tighter into her until they almost didn't cover anything. I released my cock and started masturbating, then something caught my eye. Fred was leaning on one arm because he was masturbating too!
Karen moved a little, then went to sit up, in doing so her bikini top fell off. She had opened the fastening. She put her hand to her mouth in shock, and I saw her say sorry to Fred. She made no attempt to cover up though. She turned onto all fours with her back to Fred to pick it up. I saw Fred grunt, then realised he was coming. Karen turned back to him, and he waved and returned to the house. I came all over Karen's parent's radiator.
I was still cleaning it up when she walked into me. She didn't say a word, just knelt in front of me and started kissing and licking at my cock. She tugged it with one hand while pushing her bottoms down with the other. She tried to get as much in her mouth as she could, then stood and bent over the bed.
"Even if you've just come, shove it up me and rub my clit, I need to come now," she cried out at me.
It took me a few attempts until I was fully impaled in her, her whimpers getting louder as she was filled up. I put my hand down and rubbed at her, and she came in just 30 seconds, shaking uncontrollably before lying across the bed with me still inside her. Finally, she turned over.
"Sorry, knowing Fred, or men in general, have just enjoyed watching me makes me really horny, although I'd never want them to get me off."
Karen admitted that she knew she'd pulled the dressing room curtain too far, knowing she'd be flashing me too. Over the next few years we got quite a routine going with Karen's love of flashing, and my love of watching. A lot of the time it was me watching Karen flash strangers, me enjoying the view as much as the men she flashed, especially as I knew what was in store once we'd got home. We were living together by now, in the same house that I still live in.
We had to be careful when outdoors in public, so one of our favourite haunts was a swimming pool. There was a large complex around ten miles from where we lived. There were closer ones, but we wanted to avoid people we may know. There was a large pool with inflatables and slides for children, and a separate pool strictly for adults 18+, purely for people who just wanted to go and swim a few lengths and not have people divebombing off boards at them.
It gave us a chance to create lots of little 'accidents' while there. Mostly they involved Karen getting out of the pool to sit on the side, with a nipple out of her top, or her bottoms either pulled down to show the top of her pubic hair or pushed right in so it was possible to see her pussy lips. I used to do the same but made sure my shorts were pushed under me, pronouncing my bulge to any spectators. Karen also used to enjoy diving in, knowing if she loosened the tie on her bikini bottoms they'd slip down her arse as she entered the water, getting out at the other side usually resulted in a great view of her exposed arse.
As we started to get older our activities became less and less. We had a polaroid camera but that was more for self-posing rather than for others. We'd had a few nice neighbours who lived in the house where Paul and Katie live now. Our house was similar to their's being at the end of a road, so our neighbours on either side could see the end of our garden but not into the house. Karen used to enjoy sunbathing naked at the top of the garden, knowing she could have three sets of eyes watching her.
Even in her fifties she still had a very good figure, and gravity hadn't taken too much of a hold on her breasts. She got off even more on being watched by men much younger than herself, even when their partners were very attractive themselves. Sadly five years ago she passed away, and my life spiralled towards nothingness.
With the mortgage paid up, and a bit of money saved up, I couldn't bring myself to return to work. I just wanted to stay in the house, didn't shave, almost becoming a recluse. Only a couple of old friends telling me that Karen would hate me being like this, and to live my life like she was still there helped me through.
I needed to buck my ideas up. I was keen on photography, so signed up for a class for older people like myself. I made friends there, and it gave me something to do if only one evening every fortnight. I learnt a lot of new techniques and invested in a new digital camera. Now I could not just be a voyeur, I could take sneaky snaps too. It almost gave me a new lease of life.
The first time I saw Katie she reminded me of Karen, and it made me a little sad. She had the same type of frame, thin but busty looking, but was a lot shorter than Karen. Watching her walk around her bedroom naked was a joy, and after it turned out to not be a one-off, turned into a mild obsession about not missing anything. I got used to what time she would get home and shower, and therefore walk around naked, knowing that her partner would still be at work. She certainly liked her lingerie and had a good selection of toys by the look of it too. She made an old man very happy without even knowing it.
The night that Paul knocked on my door was a shock. I thought I knew him, then when he said he lived at the house up the hill I thought he knew I'd been watching Katie. He threw me a little when he asked about a cutting from a plant in the garden, but when he'd gone and I noticed my cushion had been squashed where he'd sat on the chair facing their house, I thought the game was up. He still hadn't said anything, so I expected my free views to end.
Katie was still walking naked after showering, but Paul must have told her? And if not, why did he come around? He'd been sitting in my chair, conveniently facing their house, at around the same time Katie was in her bedroom, so he must have seen the view I normally got. If he wasn't going to tell her, he didn't need to come around to my house.
I got my answer when Katie did her balcony show for me. It must have been for me because she was staring towards my house for near enough all of her performance. That couldn't have been a coincidence. And what a performance it was. She walked around as normal, the windows fully open. When she closed one of them I thought the game was up, but then she inserted a buttplug things and got intense. Anal was something Karen wouldn't do, so seeing the sunshine off the plug in her arse made me come.
I wiped up and looked back up, thinking Katie would be gone. Instead, she was sucking on quite a large dildo, then stuck it to the window and reversed onto it. Seeing that shiny buttplug while she rode the dildo, her arse squashing against the glass, made me come again. I used another tissue, before she placed the dildo on the balcony floor, riding it first with her back to me, then facing my house. She had sunglasses on, but I could tell from her angle she was looking into my living room. I'd moved forward so I was right on the edge of my seat, long and slow strokes on my cock to match Katie riding the dildo.
I watched Katie get off the dildo and stick it on the glass side wall of the balcony. She removed the buttplug and started licking it clean. Dirty bitch, that almost made me come again. Putting the buttplug down, she got onto all fours and pushed back onto the dildo. She held the buttplug on the floor and started deepthroating it, the leg nearest to me she raised at one point so I had a perfect view. I grabbed my camera and zoomed in as much as possible and noticed the dildo was up her arse, and it wasn't much shorter than my cock. When she came she came good, even from my view I could her juices squirting against the glass wall, and I came again too. It took all of my effort to get up from the chair and go to shower my sticky come soaked thighs and legs.
The following day I wished I'd videoed it to be able to watch it again and again. I asked at the next photography class if they did video classes too, to learn how to edit and things like that. In the back of my mind was to video Katie and join the footage together to make one long compilation video. I got signed up and found they had an old camera we could use to practice and showed us how to put the footage onto a laptop from the camera and then delete it from the memory card.
It was here that I met my new friends. Bob and Eddie were both a little older than me, and both widowers too. Eric was the same age as me, and currently on wife number 6, Arthur was a year younger and divorced. At the photography classes, we had live models occasionally who would pose clothed. Eric was constantly asking if any of them did private shoots, and was shocked when one of the younger models, a nineteen-year-old blonde, told him she'd do a lingerie shoot for him for £100. Eric asked if we could split it five ways, with us all taking pictures of her. She agreed, saying she'd bring all her own outfits.
We were pleasantly surprised that her lingerie was very sexy, with a lot of see-through outfits, but Eric wasn't happy that for £100 she refused to take off her bras or panties. We found out later she had aspirations to be a lingerie model, so we'd basically given her the money and a free portfolio.
The only other woman he persuaded was a lot more forthcoming, a 30-year-old mother of two. She wasn't bothered about photographs, just wanted a copy of the video afterwards. We should have seen the signs when she said she wanted her husband to watch from my garden, but the windows to be shut. Essentially she undressed, revealed a beautiful pair of 38DD breasts, and masturbated herself while we did too until we all came over them. Her husband spent ten minutes cleaning my windows after making a mess over them.
We had to get someone on board who would go the extra mile. I remembered the balcony show and wondered if somehow I could persuade Katie to put on a show in my living room. I started concocting a plan. I had a feeling she liked the look of my cock, so in the back of my mind, she'd want a close-up view. I didn't want to ask and she say she'd pose on her balcony again, not least because my new pals had no idea of her, yet alone she living so close. I decided that part of the plan was to tell Paul and Katie that my eyes were playing up, to get her closer. I also had to plan for a reason why Paul was videoing from the balcony, maybe they were house-sitting for someone? That might work.
A week later I got the proceeds for my plan. I had a small lottery win of £1500, and the next day at photo class told the guys I was going to treat them to a special show if I could arrange it, and I'd pay for it. All they had to remember if asked was they'd chipped in too. The following day Katie was in her bedroom, constantly changing between white and black underwear, trying on the same dress. I assumed they were off out and she was deciding which looked better. She chose the white and put stockings on too. I made a mental note to keep watch for when they got back. It also gave me an excuse to email Paul, who'd given me his email when he dropped around to ask about the bush.
I told them that the white undies looked good against her suntanned skin, but would like to see the black undies properly. Paul replied asking what I meant, and I said my eyes were sore and I needed to use binoculars to see her properly. I didn't, but it was a reason for her to need to be in my house.
I waited for a reply, but the next email had a website link on it. I clicked it, and it took me to a webpage with pictures of someone called Pizzagirl. The pictures were obscured, but I knew it was Katie even without seeing her face. One, in particular, made my cock stir, it was her arse but covered in come, even a little string of it hanging off her pussy. I'd love the chance to do that to her.
There was another set, this time on a train. It was clearly Paul with his cock down her throat, but there was an old man wanking while rubbing her pussy. So she didn't mind old men either? This was getting better and better, my cock was almost bursting with excitement.
I sent another email liking the pictures, and telling them we'd pay £100 each, and would sign agreements not to share anything. I got a reply saying they'd think about it. It wasn't a no anyway. I saw the lights go out shortly after, and despite keeping an eye out they didn't reappear. I sent a few more emails outlining the plans for the evening.
The following morning I was getting dressed when I saw Katie in her bedroom. She was naked apart from her white stockings and playing with herself. Knowing Paul would be at work, I sent her a further email, with a video attachment on it. It was me watching her using a dildo on all fours on their bed, coming, and I'd turned the camera to show me coming too, getting a closeup of my cock. I could see she was at the laptop, but couldn't see what she was doing. Next thing she was standing on the balcony staring towards my house, and she came very quickly. I assumed she'd liked the video. Another good sign.
Later that evening I got another reply, from Paul. The session was on! He said he'd be round soon, and when he arrived we thrashed out the details. I'd hastily knocked up a photo album from our two previous sessions, complete with obscured faces. I asked if the pictures unsettled him, he looked at the one's with the come covered woman and said as long as we didn't expect to fuck her, everything was good to go. We arranged it for the following Wednesday.
The night arrived and the guys turned up at around 5 pm to set up the lights and video cameras. We arranged the room as needed, making sure Paul would have a good view from his balcony. Katie arrived at around 7.30 pm, and as soon as she was in the room Eric made sure to keep her topped up with wine, to loosen her inhibitions. We'd also put a separate bottle and a glass in my bedroom, which was her changing room for the night. We noticed Paul signal from their balcony, and Katie went upstairs to change.
The first outfit was a silky Nurses outfit. I'd bought them all, but the guys all picked out an outfit each. This one was Bob's choice. Katie looked really good in it, and when she pulled her breasts out over the zip of the top the guys knew we were onto a winner. First outfit and she was already on all fours and laying on her back with her legs spread. Tonight was going to be a good night.
Arthur's choice was next, a PVC basque set. Her breasts exposed, we marvelled at how firm they were, and her nipples looked rock hard. We all went quiet when Eddie asked her to take the thong off so we could see her pussy. She did so eagerly, bending over right in front of me and pulling her arse cheeks apart, I had to get some very close-up pictures of her wet pussy. I picked up the thong, and the gusset was sticky with her juices. She turned and squatted, flicked a finger across her clit, then lay back and spread her legs, her hands behind her knees.
It was too much for me, I stood up and unzipped my shorts, pushing them to the floor. My cock came into view, my pre-cum hanging off the end. I saw Katie look at it, and she flicked at her clit again. I told her she'd better get changed again quick.
She re-appeared in Arthur's choice, a see-through babydoll nightie with vibrating panties. All of us were naked now awaiting her arrival. She lapdanced for us all until we all had erections. I told her to lie on her back on the floor, picked up the remote, and pressed the button. Katie seemed genuinely surprised, as I pressed the button to make the sensations higher, her eyes rolling as she lay there. I left her a little, making her keep looking into my eyes, before getting her on all fours, and repeating the process. Her back was arching with pleasure, and it got too much for Eric and then Bob, who went to the far corner of the plastic sheet so they could see her arse, then came on the floor. I let her get as close as I thought best, then abruptly stopped the vibrations and told her to change again.
This time it was my choice, but I had a surprise for the guys too. I'd picked out a cat outfit, and when she appeared in it, threw her the other part of the costume, a tail butt plug. I told her to put it in, and the room fell silent. Katie went to walk off, but I told her she had to insert it there and then. She said she wasn't sure about Paul, but he was on the balcony giving a thumbs up. She put a foot upon the arm of my chair, rubbed her pussy with two fingers, and used it to lube up her arse. Arthur handed her a bottle of proper lube.
She got down on all fours and eased the plug in. She really seemed to go to town now, after I'd told her to stay on all fours and behave like a proper cat, she went and crawled around the garden. She even went to lick up the pool of come like it was a saucer of milk.
Eric had chosen her next outfit, a black bodystocking. He had a thing about nylon, and judging by her reaction so did Katie. She ran her hands all over the outfit, obviously liking the feel of the material. She lay on her back, and inserted two fingers into her pussy, taking them out and licking them clean before inserting them again. Eddie asked if she could finger her arse instead. She responded by turning onto her stomach. The same two fingers slipped into her willing arse quite easily. Arthur shouted out something about needing filling up, and went to the kitchen and returned with an empty wine bottle which he handed to Katie.
She didn't even query his request, she simply put the bottle on the floor and squatted down onto it. When Arthur suggested she put it in her arse instead, she did it without hesitation. She removed the bottle and went to clean it up, and I asked her to stop. I asked Eddie to give me the bottle and whispered to Arthur to fetch two more from the kitchen. Arthur held the bottles still while Katie tried to sit on them both, but she needed Bob behind her so she could angle herself better.
Katie stopped still with the bottlenecks inside her, so we could take pictures. I rubbed my cock against the first bottle, coating it with my pre-cum. The others all did so too, and when it got back to me I stood and handed the bottle to Katie. She gave the bottle a blowjob to clean it, really going to town on it like it was a real cock. Once fully cleaned she put it down, raised herself off the other bottles with a large slurping sound, then lay on the floor showing us how she had been stretched.
Katie went upstairs while we decided between us which outfit she should put back on. We decided, mainly because of what we had planned to do later, the PVC basque set. I shouted up to Katie and told her to leave off the thong this time.
She came into the living room after changing and calling her over I handed her another bag, telling her it was her final present. She opened it and pulled out a double dong with a suction cup base. I told her to stick it to the window while we all went into the garden to take pictures. Katie made sure both she and the dildo were properly lubed and took the full length of both dildos up her arse and pussy. She started to ride them, her arse pressing against the window as she pushed back. I saw her going to rub her clit, and asked her not to.
We all went inside again and got her on all fours in the middle of the plastic sheet. I made sure she was facing sidewards so that Paul could see. The four others stood by her head while I went behind her. I started moving the dildo in and out of her, while the guys all started stroking their cocks. Each time she looked down or away, I told her she had to keep watching them. Bob was getting close to coming so squatted right in front of her, his cock right by her mouth. I asked her to put her tongue out and as she did so Bob put the end of his cock on her tongue and started wanking faster. Katie asked him to stop, and I thought we'd pushed our luck.
Instead, she took his cock into her mouth, running her tongue all around it and then starting to blow him. She did so for about a minute, then beckoned Eddie over and did the same to him, then also to Eric and Arthur. She asked me to pause while she turned over, and she pulled her knees up as far as she could. I worked the dildo on her again while the guys knelt by her head, wanking while pulling her nipples and kneading her breasts. She opened her mouth, and Bob came across her face and hair. Not long after Eddie came over her beautiful breasts, Arthur over her face and eyes, then Eric pulled her face down, put his cock in her mouth, and shot his load down her throat. She swallowed it eagerly.
Now it was my turn. While Katie wiped the come from her eyes, I left the dildo inside her and stood in the centre of the room. The others returned to their seats. I ushered her to kneel in front of me, the suction part stuck to the floor. Raising herself so the dildos were hardly in her, I could see her looking apprehensive as she stared at my cock. I made her put her tongue out, then tapped my cock down on it. She jumped and lowered herself, and I shouted at her to stay still. I needed to show I was in control. When she'd raised herself again, I put my cock on her tongue and wanked very slowly, trying not to stuff my cock down her throat. That took some self-control not to.
"Now ride the dildo slowly, keep your tongue out, and don't take your eyes off me," I ordered her.
I held my cock still, gripping the base. Each time she raised herself off the dildo, her tongue flicked at the underside of my cock. I made her keep doing this for a few minutes, then told her to remove the dildo. Her juices coated both dongs, and as she stood up I could see a flow running down her PVC clad thighs.
"Now get back on all fours, and lick each part clean again. When they're properly clean you can deepthroat either one," I ordered her again.
She turned instantly, not questioning my orders at all. She licked at each dong, savouring her juices, and while doing so I put the head of my cock at the entrance to her pussy, her lips parting either side of it. I wanked my cock as she deepthroated the larger dong, my strokes coincided with hers. As her moans started to get louder, I took my cock and tapped it on her arsehole, and left it there so she could feel it throbbing against her.
I could see her back arching and her body shaking as an orgasm was welling up inside of her. I took my cock and rubbed it against her clit a couple of times, then moved it. It almost tipped her over the edge, and what she cried out almost made me come there and then.
"Please Geoff, please don't stop, I need to come. Stop teasing me and fill me up!" she blurted out.
She started sobbing in realising she was asking me to fuck her. It wasn't that I didn't want to, but we had an understanding with Paul, and I wanted future chances like this so I had to resist. Katie started sucking on the dildo again, but I could still hear her crying. I shuffled closer to her, my cock bumping against her pussy. I felt her body brace as if she was expecting me to enter her. Instead, I rubbed my cock along the length of her slit, making sure to rub against her clit, and inserted two fingers into her arse.
I gathered pace, becoming quicker and quicker, Katie's body shaking more and more until she started shaking uncontrollably, and she collapsed to the floor as her orgasm hit her. I beckoned Bob and Eddie over and they pulled her arse cheeks apart from either side. My hand was a blur as I started to come, splashing all over her back, thighs, and open pussy and arse. I'd deliberately not come for a few days, and surprised myself with how much there was. The sight of her come splattered was too much for Arthur, and he came over the back of her head again.
Katie lay prone on the floor, and we made sure to take a lot of pictures of her lying there face down, legs spread, and come everywhere.
I phoned Paul shortly after, and he came to collect Katie. I asked if she wanted to clean up here, but Paul said it would be better to get her home and let her soak in their bath. I saw them out, Paul telling me had been a really good show from where he was. I told him the pleasure was all mine, and Katie managed a smile.
After everyone else had packed up and gone home, I went to start watching the various camera angles again, knowing that I probably wouldn't be able to concentrate now that I knew Katie had wanted my cock so badly.