Hi all,
We've been married for three years and thought it would be fun to set up a couples account. We're both in our late 20's from the UK and for the purpose of our stories (to remain incognito) we're Kate and Will.
Will here:
When in high school, I was assigned a pen pal to correspond with. As the Internet hadn't quite taken off yet, pen pals were still quite a popular thing. I would write to a Canadian girl called Lorena. She was the same age and lived in Toronto.
Her parents were both Italian but moved there before she was born. After a few letters back and forth, we quickly developed a friendship on MSN messenger, then My Space, Facebook etc etc and have been in touch for around fifteen years.
When in my first year of University, I used a portion of my loan to fly to Toronto to meet her. I stayed for two weeks and we had a great time. She visited London in the summer of 2014 for work, and Kate and I met up with her for a weekend.
Lorena is now also happily married, and it was in London, after a few drinks that she let slip to us that she and her husband were in an open marriage. They frequently swing and are on the scene back in Canada.
We didn't really think much of it at the time. We're both really liberal with sex. Not swingers, but we're definitely not prudish. Since telling us this, we've both found her really easy to talk to about all things sex. We constantly chat online and she tells us of her and her husband's exploits and adventures. It turns us on.
Recently it's developed into exchanging photos over snapchat. Kate and I will send her and her husband photos of us in bed and in suggestive positions, and they always return the favour. After telling us they were hosting a 'video party' for friends, we were intrigued. An assortment of their couple friends sent them videos of "themselves" and they all had a drink, a smoke and sat down and watched them together. She asked us if we'd like to be involved and of course we jumped at the chance. We weren't able to be there live via Skype due to the time difference, but we submitted a video for their consideration.
A montage of sexy situations, the video started with Kate and I in the shower. With Kate bent over kissing my cock, her firm ass was pressed up against the glass. I was feeling her boobs and brushing back her hair with my hand. The room was low lit and filled with steam. I lifted her up, and turned her round, her boobs now pressed up against the glass door. I ran my hand down her back, over her buttocks and stroked her pussy from behind.
In the next scene, I lay naked, handcuffed to the bed and watch Kate get dressed in lingerie. She slowly slips on a black bra, black lacy thong, suspender belt and black stockings. Finally she puts on her sparkly silver heels and kneels over me on the bed. She softly rubs her silk covered pussy over my already hard cock and I moan quietly with pleasure. As she rocks back and forth over me she reaches into her thong and begins rubbing herself.
The video then cuts to me handcuffing Kate to the bed. She's bent over facing the bedpost with her ass in the air. I secure her hands and place in them her vibrator. It's a red dildo with 10 different settings. I kneel up behind her, pull her thong to one side and begin going down on her. As I do this she starts sucking the red cock. It's always been one of her fantasies to be part of a threesome with another guy and we role play it all the time. As she moans louder and begins to suck her dildo harder, I enter her and begin to smoothly grind. After a couple of minutes the film then cuts again.
One of our favourite fantasies is exhibitionism and for the final scene, we'd hidden a camera in our front garden. Wearing masquerade masks I made love to Kate (from behind) whilst in full view from our front bedroom window. It was night time, but we had a small lamp turned on to showcase ourselves. The camera filmed us from outside, and whilst there we had dog walkers, joggers and bus passengers all take a glance.
We got 'feedback' from our video, as Lorena filmed the party members watching us. There was plenty of touching and kissing going on during our screening and her friends instantly made contact on social media.
So far it's the kinkiest thing we've been a part of and the reason we wanted to share it with you is because in a month's time Lorena is visiting England again. Since the last time we met her in person, we have become very involved sexually, and after a few drinks, who knows what will happen this time? We're both pretty secure in the mind-set that nothing will, however it's hard to say with the recent developments.
We will post again after the meeting and give you the details (if there are any). But for now, we're enjoying this kinky little adventure.