Ami stood at the hotel balcony window, her naked body glistening lightly with the sweat of her recent lovemaking. She was on vacation in the Caribbean, and the naughty part of her sought to recreate a similar scene from a few years ago on another island when she brazenly stood au naturel on the balcony of a similar hotel, daring anyone to watch.
Alcohol had been involved in that episode - a lot of alcohol - but this time, she was stone-cold sober, but she didn't let that stop her. She couldn't help herself.
Normally fairly reserved, Ami liked the "idea" of being an exhibitionist, but in truth, she really wasn't; yet, there she stood, her nipples hardening in the warm Caribbean breeze, not really thinking that anyone could see her.
She was wrong.
On the ground floor, catty-corner from Ami's third-floor room, Liesel sat on her patio cooling down from her own recent lovemaking. A few minutes before, her attention had been drawn to the sounds of a woman approaching orgasm, and she'd realized the erotic emanations were coming from a room a couple floors above with an open sliding-glass door.
Liesel's legs parted slightly in the white silken robe, and she allowed her fingers to slip beneath the folds and leisurely stroke herself as she listened to the sounds. She was already quite wet from her own orgasm and that of her husband's, but that didn't prevent her from feeling a trickle of new excitement.
Whoever the woman was, she was clearly enjoying herself, and as her cries became more frantic, Liesel dipped her middle finger into her dilated hole, coating it with her and her husband's comingled juices. She brought it to her lips and greedily sucked it clean, which sent a tremor coursing through her body. She could feel the silky fabric rubbing across her overly sensitive nipples as she panted, and it felt like burlap being dragged over her rock-hard points.
Propping one leg up on the small table beside her chair, she parted her legs wider and felt the cool breeze caress the juncture of her thighs. Cum leaked from her pussy and dribbled down the crack of her ass, and when the wetness reached her tight little back hole, a new shiver ran through her.
At last, the woman came loudly, and Liesel couldn't help but smile.
"She's a screamer," she thought. "Glad I'm not the only one."
Liesel used her middle finger to smear sticky love fluids around her asshole, allowing the pad of her finger to slip inside slightly. She stifled a little groan as a new sound from the upper room reached her ears.
The rhythmic slapping, punctuated by grunts and moans from the woman, told Liesel that she was now getting fucked hard by her man, most likely from behind. Liesel pictured the woman on her knees, head buried in the covers of the bed as the man took her doggy style. In Liesel's mind, the woman would have large breast that would be swaying beneath her, perhaps being mauled as the man rutted deeply into her.
Maybe he'd slip his hands into her hair, pulling her head back as he rode her hard. He might even rain some well-aimed slaps onto her upturned buttocks. As these and other nasty thoughts were running through Liesel's head, her fingers danced over her swollen clit, and she felt her second orgasm of the night approaching.
As she came closer to cumming, the sounds of the man joined the moans of the woman, and Liesel knew they were all getting close. Her fingers moved even faster in an effort to reach her release at the same time he did.
All of the sudden, a loud, distinctly male groan filled the evening air, and she knew he was pumping his semen into her wet gash, and that was enough to send Liesel over the top. She convulsed in the chair as the orgasm racked her body over and over. She had to bite her lip to keep from crying out.
It took minutes for the tremors to fully subside, and she sat there in the chair twice-sated and gathered her strength so she could return to bed.
That's when she saw her.
At first, she was just a silhouette. The outline of her figure defined by a soft glow coming from the room. Liesel liked the shape she saw, and then, the full moon escaped the shadow of a cloud, and its beam bathed the fully naked woman in a cool light that seemed to catch her off guard, as if she hadn't really expected anyone to be able to see her standing there in all her glory.
It's amazing how much the mind can take in with just a quick glance.
Liesel saw the woman's blond hair, and immediately could tell that she was a "natural" blond, or at least naturally had light-colored hair. She could see the woman's breasts were full and heavy, and while she was clearly slender, she also clearly had the shape of woman. Liesel could also tell that she was attractive, but she had to admit that distance, moonlight and her own libido could be playing tricks on her.
She took all of that in during the brief amount of time that the woman on the balcony glanced nervously around to see if anyone could see her little exhibitionist display, and that's when the woman spotted Liesel.
In a flash, the woman disappeared back into her room, but Liesel could hear the clear sounds of laughter coming from the woman who knew she had been "busted."
The laughter carried on for a few seconds more before the sounds of the night covered anything else coming from the room, and Liesel smiled to herself at the entire episode. She was pretty sure the woman couldn't see her face because she was in the shadows and the only light hitting her was coming from behind.
Rising from her chair, the silk robe fell back over her sticky thighs and she headed back inside where her husband slept diagonally across the bed. He too, was fully naked, having fallen asleep after their lovemaking. His soft penis still glistened in the light coming from the bathroom.
She bent over and planted a kiss on the head and flicked her tongue across the sensitive underside. He moaned and stirred, and she noticed his penis straightening and hardening slightly.
"Slide over, baby, and get under the covers."
Still mostly asleep, he complied, crawling beneath the covers and rolling on his side, facing away from her.
Liesel slipped out of the robe and climbed naked into bed. She molded her body to his, pressing her firm breasts into his back and running her hand over his muscular ass.
"I wonder if he'd mind if I woke him up for another go," she thought.