Milo didn't recognize the return address on the large envelope. He gave it a sniff and thought there was a hint of perfume. Looking around, he closed the mail box and slipped back into his house. He puzzled over the envelope and then just decided to tear it open. Things fell out of it on the carpet: a black transparent g-string, some computer print out photographs, and a thumb-drive memory stick.
Milo scratched his head and picked up the sheaf of photo printouts. He cleared his throat loudly. The photographs showed a well-built man, nude except for a black triangle covering his crotch. In each of the photographs, the man was seen being tied to a chair facing a large television screen. The second photograph showed someone wearing long black gloves pinching the man's nipples. The third photo showed one of the gloves pushing aside the black g-string and pulling the man's dick. In the last photo, the man was watching a video on the TV set and his dick was covered in cum. Milo cleared his throat again and rubbed the photos across his crotch. He couldn't make sense of this. But he could feel his dick was already very hard.
He knelt down to pick up the black g-string from the floor, He could see his fingers through the gauzy material and rubbed them against the fabric, imagining how his dick would look wearing them. The thought made his dick twitch.
Finally he picked up the memory stick. He only paused a moment before impulsively sticking it into the USB port of his computer. A video began to play. The first sounds - a man groaning - made Milo almost pull the stick from his computer, but in an instant his eyes were riveted to the screen.
The video matched the photographs, except it was a different man and now he could see the woman wearing the gloves. She sexually taunted the man, running her shaved pussy along his thigh wetly, stroking and squeezing the man's rigid dick. She forced his head toward the large TV screen. On screen the woman was being fucked - and fucked hard and loud - by a large muscular man with what seemed to be the biggest cock Milo had ever seen. The woman in the video masturbated the tied man as she made him watch the screen. Milo couldn't hear what she was saying but she was whispering in the man's ear and he was struggling against the ropes holding him in the chair.
Milo roughly yanked the memory stick from his computer. His heart was beating like a jackhammer and he could barely breathe. He snatched up the envelope again read it and crumpled it in his fingers. Someone - someone knew Milo's deepest secret desires. Now who and what would they do with that knowledge. Who was this gloved woman? And how did she know about Milo?
As he stood thinking about it all, his computer made the noise of an incoming email. Milo sat down and checked the program. Again, he didn't recognize the address of the sender but couldn't help clicking to open it. His eyes widened as he read the message.
"I know you watched the video. I know you want that to happen to you. I know you want me to make you suck that big hard cock, don't you? To make you take it all the way down your throat and fuck your mouth, don't you? I know you want to swallow his cum. I know because I'm going to make you his whore and mine."
There was a photograph attached and Milo opened it. As his eyes scanned it, he could feel his dick getting hard. The photograph showed a man tied and blindfolded as another man with a huge cock fucked his mouth. Milo fingers clutched at his dick through his pants. As he kept looking at the picture, his hand moved up and down his dick shaft and he groaned loudly. Yes, his mind thought. Yes, I do want that. But how the fuck did anyone else know?