"Morning Phil," came the cheery greeting from Kelly as I entered the motel room.
My friend had still been asleep when I left in search of breakfast around half an hour earlier. But now as I returned clutching a bag of muffins and two sodas, she was wide awake and seemingly full of energy.
"Morning Kell," I responded, "Sleep well?"
"Certainly did," beamed Kelly as she got up off the bed and took the bag of food from my hand. "Muffins! Great stuff Phil I'm starving."
I chuckled. Kelly was always eating but never seemed to put on any weight to spoil her shapely figure.
"Good news too Kell," I said, "the gas station accepted my card so you can keep your clothes on!"
My reference to last night's incident at the diner when she had literally stripped for our supper brought a smile to her face. Then she playfully threw a muffin at me and said, "Your turn next time Phil!"
We hadn't really talked about what had gone on the previous evening. After leaving the diner I had driven us a few miles while Kelly slept in the passenger seat.
We had found this motel and having checked in to a twin-bed room quickly both crashed out without much discussion of any sort.
But now fresh from a good rest I wanted to know how Kelly felt about the events that unfolded the previous evening.
"So Kell what about last night?" I said probing the subject tentatively.
"What about it?" replied Kelly as she moved on to her second muffin.
"Come on Kell you know what I mean," I said. "You were naked in a diner in front of a bunch of dirty old men and me."
"Oh yeah I'd forgot," said Kelly sarcastically with a sly smirk and a little chuckle.
"Well?" Did you mean what you said that you actually enjoyed it?" I continued my questioning.
Finished eating for now, Kelly walked over to the mirror and started brushing her dark blonde hair.
Glancing at me in the reflection she said, "Yes I did. It was a thrill and a turn on. All those guys staring at me and wanting me."
"Wow Kell I never knew you were an exhibitionist," I said.
Moving on to fixing her make-up, Kelly laughed and replied, "Neither did I but I guess I am now."
"So you gonna do it again?" I said half in jest and half hoping she would say yes so I would get a chance to see her gorgeous body again.
"Maybe," she responded. "No forget that. Definitely. It was such fun Phil. I'm definitely going to do it again and soon!"
Surprised and excited I ran out of things to say and turned my attention to packing my bag.
Kelly finished getting ready and, after settling our bill at the motel reception, we were back in the car and headed out on the first full day of our road trip.
Not much happened for a few hours. We drove, chatted and finished off the muffins.
It was about 1pm and we were thinking of stopping for lunch when the car, provided for us by Kelly's uncle Dave the previous afternoon, made a sputtering noise.
"That doesn't sound good," I said.
"It doesn't," agreed Kelly.
Smoke began appearing from under the hood and it was clear there was something pretty wrong.
As luck would have it we had just passed a garage so, hoping the car would make it, I did a U-turn and we headed back in the direction we had come from.
The car only just made it to the garage forecourt before giving out another bigger sputter and coming to a halt.
Hearing our noisy arrival, a middle-aged looking mechanic dressed in blue, grease spattered overalls and a ball cap wandered out of the garage. We got out of the car as the mechanic neared.
"Sounds like you've a problem there son," said the mechanic stating the obvious.
"We do sir," I replied. "Can you take a look?"
I popped the hood and the mechanic, who identified himself as Matt, tutted. "Needs a new set of spark plugs and a few other bits," he said. "It's a bit of a mess in here."
"Expensive?" I asked.
"Since you seem like nice kids I'll sort it for 300 ok?" said Matt.
While that was probably a good price it was also a sizable chunk out of our budget for our trip. But knowing no car meant no trip anyway; I agreed and helped Matt push the Sedan into his workshop.
Leaving Matt and another mechanic looking into our car's engine, I went back to the forecourt where Kelly was standing sipping from a soda bottle.
"I think this road trip is cursed," I said glumly.
"What you on about Phil?" came the typically cheery retort from Kelly. "This is what road trips are all about. The unexpected."
"Perhaps but we could do without forking out 300 dollars right now," I said not sharing my friend's bright outlook.
Kelly smiled. "Ah well I've been thinking about that."
Intrigued I said, "Ok?"
"I think I can negotiate us a much better deal and try out my new found exhibitionist steak too," Kelly said with a grin.
I could feel my dick twitch in my pants as I took in her suggestion but I was also a little concerned about what she was proposing.
"Careful here Kell we don't know these people," I cautioned.
"Don't worry so much Phil. Anything goes on a road trip remember?" Kelly replied as she brushed off my concerns and skipped towards the workshop.
By the time I caught up with her, Kelly was already talking to Matt and his buddy. Judging by their smiles the two men obviously liked what they heard.
"It's a deal then," Kelly said shaking Matt by the hand before turning to me and winking. "They're going fix it for 100 bucks Phil," she said cheerily.
"But what are you going to do?" I asked.
"You'll see," she replied. "Stand over there and enjoy the show."
Giving up on reasoning with her and secretly excited, I took up position by the entrance and waited.
Matt and his assistant had put the hood back down on our car and were standing eyes fixed firmly on the 18-year-old blonde they had just done some sort of deal with.
Kelly hopped up athletically onto the hood of the car and immediately whipped off her pink T-shirt revealing a white bra and of course her more than ample cleavage. I gulped and felt a twitch from my dick as it anticipated what was to come.
Smiling broadly Kelly threw the shirt to the workshop floor and slipped off her tennis shoes. Before I knew it she had removed her denim shorts - the same pair she had also been wearing at the diner.
Standing on the hood of the battered old Sedan she looked amazing in just her bra and matching white panties.
Matt and his assistant were only feet from her and staring intently at her every move. Clearly enjoying herself, Kelly unhooked her bra and, having slipped her arms out of the straps, let it slip off to the ground.
Displaying her growing streak for stripping, she cupped her 34d boobs in her hands and teased her audience before finally letting go and revealing the full extent of her magnificent chest.
Her nipples looked even harder than they had at the diner which matched the feeling in my pants as my dick strained to break free.
Kelly rubbed her boobs and shook them provocatively at Matt and the other man before reaching for the waistband of her panties.
Turning her back to the two mechanics and I, she arched her back slightly and twanged the elastic waistband so it slapped back onto her bare skin. Glancing back over her shoulder to watch our reactions, she then slipped the material down slowly across her butt cheeks.
As the panties slid off her rear, her butt hole and pussy came into view and my dick twitched yet again as pre-cum began leaking out onto my shorts.
With her panties finally discarded, Kelly turned to face her audience and, with her arms stretched out wide, gave us a perfect view of her glorious pussy which to my surprise she had shorn of all hair since last night.
Her pussy lips seemed larger than at the diner and had a slick, almost shiny look that was most likely a combination of their recent shave and Kelly's excitement at exposing herself once again.
"That's it then," I thought. But Kelly apparently was not done.
She sat down on the car hood and motioned with her finger for the two mechanics to get closer.
As I watched on transfixed, the two men moved to within inches of my friend.
I shuffled forward to gain an unobscured view and as I did I saw Kelly reach down between her now spread legs. She pulled apart her pussy lips letting the two mechanics see right up inside her most intermit of areas.
I gasped at just how brazen she had become but I too could not tear my eyes away from her. Having given Matt and his buddy a good look inside her pussy, Kelly inserted a finger into her clearly moistened hole.
Shooting her hips forward she pushed a second finger in and with the other hand began rubbing at her clitoris.
The wet patch in my underwear was growing fast as I stared at this beautiful blonde who had been my friend for more than a decade and who was now masturbating fully naked for two strangers and I.
Kelly tossed her head back as her rubbing became more frenzied. I could hear the sounds of her juices as she hurtled towards a climax. Then with a last surge of her hips she let out a loud yelp as her body convulsed with a massive orgasm.
As she slowly came back down from her climax, Kelly slid off the car hood and gathered her clothes. The two mechanics stood open-mouthed and then broke into a round of applause.
Kelly smiled and winked at them as she began to get dressed. "Nice doing business with you boys," she said in a provocative tone that I had never heard her use before.
"She really is getting into this stuff," I thought to myself silently.
Recovering my senses as my dick began to return to its normal state, I walked over to the car and handed Matt the 100 dollars we owed him.
The mechanic seemed unable to speak and took the money without uttering a word. Now fully clothed, Kelly grabbed the keys from keys from the other man and we got into the car.
With a cheery wave to the dumbstruck men, Kelly reversed the vehicle out of the workshop and before I knew it we were back on the road. As we headed off my mind was spinning as it tried to fully take in what I had just witnessed.
"This has been fun," Kelly quipped breaking my train of thought. "Can't wait to see what happens next."
I simply nodded and smiled. "Can't wait indeed," I thought as the car picked up speed taking us to who knows where or what.