I'm a 45 year old woman, a widow, and I live alone. We never had children so the only thing that keeps me sane, is working, a lot. My husband and I started an auto body shop many years ago, and built it into a pretty big business. My role there now a days is just to make sure everyone is doing what they need to do, it basically runs itself with the crew I have. I took over my husbands old office this week, it's on the second floor overlooking the entire shop. I decided to switch because it's easier to see what's going on. When I look out, I feel like the queen looking over her subjects.
It's 1 way glass, so no one can see in, only I can see out. I have tested this a few times by waving at people and getting no response, and also by going into the shop and looking up, you can't see anything. This gave me an idea. I neglected to say, when there's not much for me to do, which is most days, I go into the ladies room and masturbate. Since I'm the only female in the shop, I get lots of privacy. Now with my new office, it's even better. I have a nice sofa, A comfy side chair, and my desk chair, lots of options.
Since my office is on the second floor, almost no one comes up there unless they need to. I can also see the stairs from my window, so no surprises. I decided to see how well my new office will fit my needs, so I slipped off my pants, took off my thong and sat on the sofa. I foolishly forgot to take any toys with me, so I was left with just my hands and my imagination. I tested it slowly and just played for a few minutes, only half naked, but testing out my new surroundings. To my delight, I loved every spot, the desk chair, my comfy chair, and especially my sofa.
The next day I came prepared. I brought my favorite new vibrator, my favorite dildo, and wore an easy to get to, sun dress. When I got in, I answered a few emails, walked around the shop and made sure all was going as needed, so by 11am, I was free. I sat at my desk, turned my chair to face the window and just sat there looking out over the guys while gently rubbing myself under my dress. The longer I sat there, the hornier I was getting. I walked away from the window, lowered the shoulders of my dress and took off my bra. I fixed my shoulders and now I was completely naked under this dress. I have pretty big tits, so if anyone did come in, it would be obvious I wasn't wearing a bra, but with my own bathroom, I could always run in there and put it back on.
I sat back in my desk chair facing the window and went back to rubbing my pussy, but with my free hand, I was also playing with my nipples. I just sat there looking out and relaxing myself. That didn't last long, I was getting so horny I needed some help. I grabbed my favorite vibrator, pulled my dress up and sat on my desk chair. I wasn't wasting and time, I put it right on high and went to work. I was getting so horny sitting there, looking at all my employees while I was masturbating. I had 2 orgasms back to back, but believe it or not, I still wasn't satisfied.
I stood up, pulled my dress off over my head and stood right in front of the window. These were tall windows, so if you could see in, I was totally on display. I was really enjoying myself when I suddenly decided I needed something inside me. I walked over to my bag, Grabbed my dildo and went back to the window. I oiled it up for easy insertion, then I half squatted down and pushed it in. I immediately thought of my husband and how good it used to feel to sit on his thick cock and just ride myself to an orgasm. With that no longer being an option, I had to take matters into my own hands. (so to speak.)
I stood in front of the window, naked and fucking myself with a big dildo. I couldn't have felt more free. I had one more orgasm that morning and then put myself back together. When I went home that night, all I could think about was what I could do the following day to satisfy my needs. It took awhile, but it finally came to me. Tomorrow would be the most fun yet. I packed myself a bag for the next day, it consisted of, my biggest dildo, I have more than 1, my most powerful plug in vibrator, and my iPad for some extra fun.
When I arrived at work, I immediately called the shop manager and told him not to call me or come to my office unless it was super important. I told him I needed to get ready for the accountant the next day, and didn't want to be bothered, he assured me I wouldn't be disturbed. As I was talking to him, I was already stripping and finished as soon as I hung up. I decided I would stay naked the entire day no matter what. I even did some work first on my computer while I was naked in my chair. When I finished up, I called down to the shop again and asked Jimmy my manager if everything was ok, just to make sure I wouldn't be disturbed. As I was talking to Jimmy, I was rubbing myself and got my engine running. Jimmy was a good looking guy, like a young Jason memoa, and just knowing I was talking with him while playing with myself was pretty hot. When he hung up I decided it was playtime! I Plugged in my magic wand, laid on my sofa, put one leg on the back and started to play.
I had the first of many orgasms about 5 minutes in. I just laid there taking in that feeling of after orgasm relief when out of nowhere I needed to be fucked. The urge just hit me, so I grabbed my very thick dildo, oiled it up and buried it in my pussy. I was trying my best to just go slow and enjoy it, but I had to speed up as the need to orgasm increased to 1000%. I was going at it hard and fast when my pussy exploded all over the sofa. It was soaked. I had to catch my breath and slow down, but as I took it out, the urge hit me again and my pussy exploded a second time.
I had to get some paper towels out of the bathroom and dry off the sofa a little. When I was done, I had another crazy idea. I put my clothes back on, called Jimmy to the office and made up a story to get him upstairs. When Jimmy got there I told him to sit on the sofa because I wanted to go over some numbers with him.As he sat down his hand was wet and I said, "oh sorry I spilled water there before, I totally forgot about it." He assured me it was no problem.
When we were done, he stood up, and again put his hand in the wet spot, he laughed and said, "oops, I forgot about the wet spot." I offered him a paper towel and he assured me it was fine, he said, "it's only a little water." And with that he left. Even after cuming so many times already that day, I still needed more. I knew Jimmy had my pussy juice all over his hands and that was just too much. I took off all my clothes again, but this time I left my thong on just to feel a little sexy. I grabbed my dildo, oiled it up and stuck it to the glass window.
I looked out and saw Jimmy working, so I turned around, pulled my thong to the side and backed into my dildo. I was giving myself a nice ride and every so often I would turn around and look at Jimmy and the rest of the guys below, almost wishing they could see me, but knowing they couldn't was what made it so amazing. At about 4:00 that day I finally decided it was time to get dressed and go home. I have had many days like that since then, and I am seriously considering going back to my old office.
I'm not sure if my 45 year old pussy can keep taking the punishment I'm giving it in this new office. We'll see how it goes, but right now I love going to work.