As I related previously (https://www.literotica.com/s/showing-off-my-wife-ch-01), my wife had always had exhibitionist tendencies but I was too nervous to really 'show her off.' But one drunken night last summer we were in a co-worker's hotel room and he was able to get her to expose herself to him. He didn't touch her, nor did he even talk about touching her, but he did 'control' her and exploit her submissive nature. As she leaned against me on the sofa, she unbuttoned her blouse, hiked up her skirt, undid her bra and lowered her panty. And when he told her to "Show me how you touch yourself" she fingered herself to orgasm right in front of him. It was one of those 'never in my wildest dreams' moments.
After that my relationship with that co-worker - James - changed. Our once easy friendship was now ... different. This man had had been dominant - there's no other word for it - with my wife. And by me allowing everything to happen, I guess I had submitted to him as well. We didn't talk about the incident, but the knowledge that something major had happened hung in the air. And then there was the cell phone picture he snapped that night, proof of what my wife and I had done.
My wife and I only discussed the incidence once, and Jenny made it clear that since I had been present and that there had been no actual sex, it wasn't cheating. "I would never cheat on you," she assured me. This made me feel better, although I realized that her definition of 'cheating' had a few caveats. When she asked me how I felt I told her that I had found it extremely exciting. I didn't tell her that I was also worried where it could lead. Would James try to blackmail us - for money or sex or just for more kicks? Or had it been a once-in-a-lifetime occurrence?
About a month later, James sent me an e-mail with a web address, a Reddit site for sharing pictures of 'hot wives'. Flush with worry I typed in the URL. And there it was for anyone to see: Jenny's body (in my arms) naked, legs spread, fingers in her pussy. My God, he had posted her picture online (something I could never do) but fortunately he had cropped out our faces, so there was no way to identify her or me. Total anonymity. James had titled the posting "My play toy - A co-worker's wife." There were a few comments about Jenny's 'sweet cunt' and 'nice perky tits.' One user 'would fuck her good'. Another wrote, "How 'bout a face picture?" I have to admit, it was thrilling to see the picture out there, for all the Internet to see. And I was so thankful that our faces were cropped out.
Even after this James never brought up the subject. Something about us not talking about added to the thrill. And for the next few weeks I checked the website daily, loving the mostly positive comments. Once I even masturbated to the picture. It was a thrill, and even more exciting was the fact that it wasn't me who uploaded that picture. No, another man had done it!
One thing I didn't do was tell Jenny. I don't know why but for some reason I kept it a secret. And when James finally brought the subject up a few weeks later - "What does Jenny think of her online admirers?" - I confessed that I hadn't told her. He looked at me carefully. "Hmmm, interesting..." I then realized he had another thing to use against me if he wanted. Maybe that was why he said, "I love the one picture I have of her. Her body looks fantastic. It's great that she keeps in shape." I just nodded silently as he discussed my wife's body. "But one is not enough; I want to see more."
"I don't have any," I lied.
"I don't want your old pictures. I want new ones, taken just for me. I want to do a little modeling. Some sexy poses."
Maybe it was the authoritative tone to his voice that made me not even think about questioning his request. "So, you want me to take some and send-"
"I wantJennyto send me pictures. Not you." He eyed me carefully, already knowing I would comply. "Let's plan on Friday. This Friday." He knew Fridays were her work-from-home days.
"And how do I tell her that-"
He shrugged his shoulders, not caring about my dilemma, then slipped his phone into his pocket and left.
I was a bit dazed. I was asked - no, told - to offer up my wife for his pleasure. Again, a mix of emotions: worry, fear, jealousy. But what was that other unexplainable feeling of excitement? Was it the thought of Jenny exposing herself to him? Or was it the realization that I, too, was submitting to his desire?
I waited until Tuesday night bedtime before bringing up the subject to Jenny. During foreplay I rubbed her body while she laid face down. When my fingers got to the good body parts I started in on dirty talk, getting her excited and thinking about fantasies. As I lightly played with her pussy, I brought up that night in the hotel: "That was so hot when you showed your pussy to James." I held my breath as I waited for her response.
"It was?" There was hesitation in her tone.
"Of course it was." I then spent a few moments recalling the night in every dirty detail, getting her more excited, before getting to the pitch. "You know, he took a picture of you."
"I know." It came out like a grunt.
"James has a picture of your beautiful body naked. I bet he strokes his cock looking at it. Would like that? Him getting his cock hard looking at your picture."
She moaned. "Uh huh."
I waited until she was getting close to orgasm. "I bet he would want to see more. More pictures of you. And you would like that too, wouldn't you? To pose for him, to show off your body, to expose yourself-"
"Like a stripper?"
"Yes, like a stripper."
She took in a deep breath. "Like a slutty wife?"
This was going to be easier than I thought. "Yes, like a dirty slut showing off her pussy to another man." I sensed her body quiver. "You could dress up sexy and then take pictures of yourself are you undress, as you show him your tits, and your ass, -"
"And my cunt." God, she was hot.
"You could use your cell phone. No one would know..."
In a quiet voice: "You wouldn't mind?"
I gently laid my body atop her, my erection pressed against her ass. "No, it would be a turn on."
"They're just pictures, right?"
"Just pictures," I answered, as I guided my cock inside the wet lips of her pussy. "You can do it on Friday, when I'm at work." I began to take long thrusts inside her, and felt her arch her back in perfect rhythm. "You'll be alone here ... so you wouldn't be ... be nervous ... with me around."
It didn't take long for either of us to orgasm. Afterwards we lay for a few minutes in silence. Then, meekly, she asked: "Was that just talk before? About the pictures?"
Sensing that she wasn't totally opposed, I said, "No, no, you could do it. It would be a turn-on. And James is safe. You use your phone..."
She didn't respond; she just nodded her head, and I knew that we had a plan.
Wednesday evening I walked into the bedroom to find Jenny going through her sexy lingerie drawer. She held up a black teddy. "What do you think of this?" I nodded in approval. "And the white nylons you like?" She set them on the floor, then withdrew a red bra with holes to expose the nipples. I sat and watched her, neither of us verbalizing what she was doing: planning sexy outfits to wear for another man's pleasure.
Friday morning she was in the kitchen making coffee when I came out dressed for work. "Today's the day," I told her.
"Yep, today's the day." She smiled then waited for me to make a final objection. When I didn't she asked: "I don't have his number."
I took out his business card. In red marker he had circled the cell number, then added a happy face. I placed it on the kitchen table for her. "He said to call him at 10:30." We hugged and shared an awkward kiss, and I left the house feeling confused.
10:30 did not come fast enough. I wasn't sure if I would be involved but around 10:25 James invited me to his office. He was already on his phone swiping a picture. "Very nice." He held the phone up. In the picture Jenny was standing, facing the full length mirror, wearing a blouse and one of her dress-up frilly skirts, with white nylons and heels. She had done her hair and applied makeup since this morning. "Red hot lipstick!" he told me. "She really wants to please me." He motioned for me to shut the door, then asked. "Now what would make a good picture?"
I thought this was rhetorical but as he stared at me I realized he was asking me to describe a pose. This was almost too much to ask, but when he pressed me again I blurted out: "Maybe, a ... picture from behind."
"Of course." He tapped a message then we waited. I can't explain how I felt there, sitting there in his office, while he ogled my wife's picture. I was almost relieved when the phone made a blip. "Wow, that was quick," he said as he checked the picture. "Not bad," he said, without offering to show it to me. "What's next?"
Put on the spot I shook my head, but as he kept staring at me I had to think of something. "How about undoing the top buttons of her blouse."
"Excellent," he said as he typed. And again we waited. Another minute.
And then I directed Jenny's modeling for another man. I had her open her blouse, then remove her bra, then flash her breasts. I had her turn around and pick up her skirt, then kneel down, then get on all fours. I tried to remember every sexy picture I had ever seen. I had her licking her lips and squeezing her tits and even spreading her ass cheeks. As I imagined my wife doing each pose I got a slight erection. I wondered about James - was he getting hard, too?
He didn't show me the pictures but he gave a running commentary. "Those sweet titties of hers..." "She's playing with her pubic hair; she really should shave." "That ass is so toned." I wondered if he was doing this solely for my benefit. Was he trying to torment me? Or did he sense there was a part of me that enjoyed hearing him talk about my wife like this?
After the session was over, he set his phone on the desk. "Now that was fun, wasn't it?"
"Can I see the pictures?"
"You will." It was then I assumed he planned to post them on the Reddit site. "Don't worry - no face shots."
When I left the office I tried to hide my erection but James glanced at the bulge in my pants and snickered. I slipped out the door and headed to the men's room, where I found a stall, pulled down my pants and masturbated.
I had to wait until Sunday to see the pictures. I had been checking the website regularly, but not until about 9PM was a new gallery loaded to the site. There was my beautiful wife - James's 'play toy' - in all her glory. And true to his word, her head was cropped out of every picture. It didn't take long for the first lewd comments to be posted. And it didn't take long for that familiar twitching in my groin to start. I was wearing loose sweatpants and was repositioning my penis when Jenny surprised me.
"Are you looking at porn again?" she said as she shook her head in mock disappointment. If she was surprised by me, I was surprised to see her dressed in a blouse and skirt, and to see erect nipples poking at the shirt. I moved to hit the escape key until she pointed at the computer screen. "Is that-" She stared at me, almost angry. "Huh?"
"I didn't, James did. But it's OK, you can't see your face. No one knows it's you."
She approached the desk for a closer look at the picture, a shot of her on all fours, her red throng pushed to the side. She picked up the mouse and scrolled to the top of the gallery.
"He never even showed me the pictures," I told her. "On the website he calls you his 'playtoy'. It's like he's using you."
"Uh huh." Her tone let me know that she didn't mind. Effortlessly now she slid onto my lap, and continued scrolling through the pictures. "And everyone can see this? Men all over the country?"
"All over the world." I put my hand on her hips. "All looking at your naked body."
She wiggled her ass over my erection. "And all getting hard? Just like you?"
"How could they not - you look so sexy. " I moved one hand to massage the back of her neck (one of her favorite spots) while my other hand moved to her bare thigh. "And you don't mind that James did this?"
"Not if no one can tell it's me..."
When she lifted herself off my lap to lean closer to the computer screen, I stared at her skirt, surprised she had changed since before. When I lifted it for a glimpse of her light blue panties with red hearts, she wiggled her ass to tease me. "You are a play toy," I told her.
"James's play toy," she giggled. I wasn't sure if she was serious or not.
I placed my hands to the sides of her legs, then moved them up slowly, ultimately pushing her skirt up and onto her lower back. I massaged her hips then ran my fingers in circles over her panty-covered butt. "Does it turn you on to see your pictures online?"
"Uh huh." She arched her back a bit when my fingers headed towards her groin. And when I asked it got her wet she said: "Find out for yourself."
My fingers found the warmth between her legs, and I rubbed her pussy through her underwear. She let out a soft moan, and I kept at it until I felt just a trace of moisture seep through the fabric. Then I rolled her panty down to her knees and took in the sight of her naked ass. But I wanted to feel her pussy. I moved my hand and soon felt her moist, smooth lips. Smooth? Something was different.
"Yes, I know!" She paused. "I shaved because..."
My fingers moved up and down her lips, feeling the wetness on naked skin. "Because why?"
"You won't be mad?" She spread her legs a bit to give me better access, still staring at the screen intently.
"Why would I be mad?" I slipped my middle finger inside her.
"Because it wasn't my idea. It was James's." She waited for me to say something, but I was still in shock. "He texted me a request."
That through me for a loop. I just sat there, with my hand still planted between her legs. "A request ... or an order?"
"Am I a bad wife ... taking orders from another man?"
I stood up and gave her my answer: a hard swat on her ass cheek, a mild punishment. And when she said, "I deserve that," I swatted her again, a little harder. "And you've been texting him?" I swatted her pussy, then palmed her groin roughly, feeling a mixture of jealousy and sexual excitement.
"No, he texted me. I didn't..."
I tugged my sweatpants down to release my cock, then pressed against her pussy, rubbing it up and down a few times. I wanted to tease her, but felt her grab my cock . "Are you going to send him a picture?" My cock slipped inside her. "Are you going to show him your bare pussy?"
"No, he wantsyouto do it."
I started a slow gentle thrusting, in and out, but as I thought about what I was asked (told?) to do my excitement grew and my tempo picked up. I grabbed Jenny by the hips and pushed and pulled her body to match my thrusts. I couldn't believe how wet she was. "So, I'm supposed to take a picture of your pussy and send it to him." I watched as she nodded her head. "It's like he owns you."
"No," she said, and then: "Just my body."
And that was it. The thought of James 'owning' my wife's body was just too much to take. She was panting as I fucked her over the desk, and her picture was flashing on the computer screen, naked to the world, and as my cock filled her newly shaved pussy with cum I knew that later I'd be taking a picture of it and showing her off to another man...
THE END