I was what they call "a late bloomer". I didn't hit puberty till around 15. I was always the shortest in the class and my voice didn't change until high school. I didn't start developing into a man until college. I grew almost 8" from high school to college where I stand at 6-2. I hit the weights hard and my body finally developing muscle. Even after college, I worked out routinely and have a very athletic strong body. I am 28, 6-2 and weigh 195lb.
I started becoming very proud of my body. I guess because I was so scrawny growing up. I'm proud of my washboard stomach and defined chest and shoulder muscles. I have a nice V-shaped body, body shoulders and chest and thin waist. I now don't mind showering at the gym or taking my shirt off in public. But it goes a little deeper than that.
I love showing off for women. I love having them admire my body. I started posting shirtless pictures of myself on Facebook. Then, I got into sexting to show off more intimate body parts. Now I am into going online and doing web cams performing for an audience. It is very exciting knowing you are being watched. They are the most intense orgasms I ever had.
I was telling my friend Josh about it. Josh and I have been friends for about six years now. We met through mutual friends shortly after graduating college. Our friendship grew quickly as we have many of the same interests, working out, bars, sporting events, and concerts. Josh was able to get me a job at his company so not only did we hang out together, but we now work together. I work in the sales department and Josh is in accounting. We were having lunch together and it was our normal lunch conversation, baseball scores or plans for the weekend, etc. But then I started telling Josh about my web cams.
"Josh, I can't help it. It is so exciting. " I said. "I think about being naked all the time. I constantly try to think of new ways to show off. It is so exciting."
"Well, you better be careful not to do anything that can get you arrested." Josh added.
"No, I'm definitely not looking to do anything in public. I don't want to streak or expose myself to people who don't want to see me. The exciting part is the girls who want to see me naked and watch me masturbate." I explained.
"Wow, Eric, you are really into this." Josh replied. "I don't get it but as long as no one is hurt and it gets you off."
"I can't explain the rush I get. It's incredible!" I responded. "The problem is to keep trying to find new and exciting ways. I thought about being blindfolded in a room with a group of women, the thrill of having hands all over my body would be so intense."
Josh just smiled and shook his head.
"The problem is I don't want to know the girls. I want to be blindfolded the whole time. I can't think of a way to get the girls in a room and still remain anonymous. But what if you invited some girls over?"
"Wait a minute, Eric. You want me to organize a party where girls come watch you? Dude, you're crazy!" Josh replied.
"Josh, I'm serious. This could work. You invite some girls over, maybe from your night class or just some other girl friends. Tell them it's a prank on me. This would be so exciting to me." I said eagerly.
"Why can't you do this yourself?" Josh asked.
"I want to be blindfolded the whole time. I will need you to invite them, and greet them at the door. Then I will come out completely naked, blindfolded. I won't know how many girls are there or what they look like or anything." I started to plead with him as I was getting excited just thinking about it.
"I don't want to see your naked ass and most of all, I don't want to see you jerk off." Josh said defiantly.
I pleaded with Josh but he continued to say no. I couldn't stop thinking about it the rest of the day. How exciting to walk into a room full of women, blindfolded and naked. They can touch you, stroke you, spank you, and you can't do anything. You have no idea how many girls or what they look like. I got an erection every time I thought about it.
I don't know what changed Josh's mind but at the end of the day, he came to my desk and said he would help. He knew of a couple of girls that may be into this. He would ask them and let me know. I couldn't thank him enough. I thought about it the rest of the night and into the next day. Josh contacted me and said he got some girls together for Saturday night. My heart was already racing thinking about it.
Josh told me to be at his place at 10:00 as the guests would be arriving around 8:30. He wanted them to have some drinks first. Saturday could not come quick enough. I didn't jack off for 5 days saving it all for the big night. I made sure I hit the gym hard on Saturday. I took a nice long shower, got dressed and headed over to Josh's place. My heart was racing with anticipation. I had no idea what to expect. I didn't know how many people would be there or what they would do or say. Will they touch me or just watch?
As I walked up the sideway, my breathing became slightly erratic. My heart was pounding and my mind was in daze. I actually stumbled walking up to his door because I wasn't paying attention. I knocked on the door and then took a few steps back. I didn't want to see anything inside. Josh answered the door, stepped outside, and then closed it immediately. I heard music and a few voice but couldn't tell much.
Josh told me to take off my clothes which caught me by surprise. "I thought you would blindfold me and walk me to your bedroom to strip?" I asked him with a puzzled expression on my face.
"Nope. Take off your clothes and give them to me, I will blindfold you and I will walk you inside. Your guests are waiting." Josh ordered. I was uncomfortable stripping outside as any one passing by could see but then again, I will be naked for everyone to see soon. I removed my shirt, socks and shoes, and pants.
I hesitated slightly before removing my boxer briefs and Josh said "You sure you want to do this? I thought about it and some doubts came into my head. But this is something I have wanted to do for a while now.
"Yes, I'm sure." I said as I put my thumbs in my waistband and pulled my underwear off and added it to the pile of clothes. I was standing bare ass naked in front of Josh. We have showered at the gym together so he has seen me naked. Josh put the blindfold over my eyes and went around the back to tie it. He asked if I could see anything and I said no. He grabbed my arm and I heard the door open. He guided me through the door and I could tell I was inside. Chills ran up and down my body in anticipation. Josh whispered to me, "we will walk down the hallway and then everyone is in back room." The words "everyone" echoed in my head. Was it 2 people, was it 10 people?
As he guided me through his hallway, I could feel that things were stirring down there. The rush of excitement sent a tingling sensation through my balls into my dick. I was breathing heavy even though I was trying to be calm. They turned the music off. I could hear everything more clearly now. Josh advised me just a couple more steps and I would be in the main room. I heart pounded harder.
I could feel Josh moved towards the back of me. I heard the first squeal which sent chills up my back. I realize I am in full view of the girls. I heard some giggles and whispering. He said I am in the middle of room right now. I am feeling incredible excitement knowing I am fully naked in front of ladies. I continue to hear whispering and people moving around. I can't determine how many ladies are in the room. Josh whispers to me from behind, "stop fidgeting!" I didn't realize it but my hands were by my sides and my hands were twitching slightly.
"Eric, put your hands on your head." ordered Josh. I don't know if it was to stop my hands from shaking or make me more exposed but I intertwined my fingers and laid them on top of my head. I again felt sensations down there and felt I was becoming hard. My breathing was still erratic. I was breathing out of my mouth so I know the people could hear me.
"Ok, Eric. Turn around." Josh announced.
I took a deep breath, hands still on head, and shuffled my feet to turn myself around. My ass was now on display for the guest to see. Again, I heard another loud squeal. I couldn't tell if it was a squeal of excitement or squeal of laughter. I hope no one is laughing at my butt.
"Ok, Eric. I am going to walk you around the room so the guests can get a closer view of your naked body." Said Josh. Those words again sent electricity through my body. "They will be allowed to touch you. Keep your hands on your head." Josh continued. He grabbed my shoulders and directed me slightly to the left and then a quick stop. I assume I am directly in front of somebody now. I didn't know what to expect. Nothing happened so I relaxed and then I felt a hand go over my abs. It started just below my pecs and went down over my belly button and then back up again. Josh shifted me, pushing my left shoulder around so my front is now facing away. I feel a hand caress my ass cheek. It is a very soft light touch that sent a wave of sensation through my body.
I was pushed forward a few steps for the next set of hands. They grabbed my chest muscles and squeezed. Then their hand circled each nipple, which drives me crazy. I knew I was fully erect at this point. I could feel my face becoming warm. I was getting more and more excited. I wonder what this lady was thinking. Did she like what she saw? Nobody was saying anything. Her hands went down my stomach, lightly touched my pubic hair and grabbed a hold of my cock which jarred my body as I was not expecting that. My reflex was to jump. I heard some more laughter. My feeling is there are more than 4 or 5 women in the room.
I was amazed that someone was bold enough to grab my cock, it was so exciting. I loved that someone liked my body so much, they wanted to stroke my cock. Chills were running up and down torso. It felt so good - she has the softest hands. I was breathing very heavy as I concentrate on each stroke. I wish I could see her face, see her expression as she stroked my cock. I think I will take the blindfold off to see who is there.
Just then, hands grabbed my shoulders and pushed me over a few steps. I was completely lost to where I was in the room. I could hear two girls whispering. It was muffled so I could make out what they were saying. Then hands pushed down on my upper back down towards the ground. Did they want me on all fours on the ground? As I went down towards the floor, I felt another person so I stopped. Josh then explains to me "You will lay over this person's lap."
My first thought was "oh, I get what they want now" but then I thought "crap, I'm in this position to be spanked?" I did my best to balance myself on the person's lap. I guess they are getting a great view of my butt as it is sticking up in the air. I feel many hands all over my ass. They are squeezing and caressing my ass. I love that. I hear one of the women moan as she plays with my ass. Then a loud slap and stinging sensation on my left butt cheek makes me jump.
There is laughter in the room. The laughter echoes so it makes it sound like there are more people than I think. I get more exhilarated thinking of how many women are watching me. It is thrilling that the women are taking command of my body. I feel a few more smacks but then it stops and there is so more caressing which feels amazing. I have one of my strongest erections ever.
I feel a hand guide my leg outward and my legs were now spread slightly. I feel a hand grab my ass cheek and then a finger slid inside my crack and starts rubbing my hole. I never had ass play before so it is a new feeling for me. I felt more exposed than ever with my cheeks spreads and my hole on view for the women to view. I concentrated on the sensation of being touched there. The woman moistens her fingers and continues a swirling motion around my ass hole. I let out a huge sigh. It felt so good, better than I thought it would. I was letting my mind relax, just enjoying the attention and stimulation. I hope the ladies were enjoying this as much as I was. I never thought ass play could be so exciting. I continued to focus on the pleasure and let out a moan. I loved that the women love playing with my butt. That was unexpected excitement.
After a short time, she stopped and I felt a few hands pull my body up so that I am standing again. My heart was still racing from the excitement. I was lost in the moment. Now, instead of one or two hands on me, I felt many hands touching every part of my body. How many women were in the room? I felt hands caressing my chest and abs. Someone was still squeezing my butt and someone was stroking my cock. I have never had such a sensation of so many hands caressing my body. I was in heaven. I continued to breathe hard. It felt like my heart was going to pound out of my chest. Then I was pushed down on a sofa.
"Are you ready to perform for the ladies?" Josh asked.
"Yes." I answered, still trying to catch my breath. Now, this was the moment. I grabbed my cock and started to stroke. I didn't want to go too fast because I knew, because of all the attention, I was close. I wanted to give them a show. Josh gave me some lube and I continued to stroke my dick. I would touch my body, as erotically as I could, hoping the women loved what they were watching. I wish I could see them. I want to take off my blindfold so bad and see if they are enjoying it. I rubbed my chest, pinch my nipple, and slid my hand down my abs. I ran my free hand down my front quad leg muscle and back up and then played with my balls. I heard a few of the women make some noise, but it was all muffled by the blindfold over my ears.
I started moving my hips more rapidly, pumping my cock into my hand. I was trying to simulate what it would look like if I were fucking one of them. I heard encouraging voices yelling "yes!" and "shoot it!" I was excited, I knew I was close. My entire body tensed up. A tingling sensation started at my chest, down my abs, through my groin, into my leg muscles. My balls started to tighten and I was ready to shoot my load.
I leaned back and shot my first wad. It landed on my upper chest, near my neck. I knew this orgasm was going to be intense. I heard some expression of approval from the ladies. I yelled "Fuck" as I couldn't control the words that came from my mouth as the feeling was so overwhelming. I let out a big moan as my next wad landed on my chest and abs as did the next few. The excitement of the orgasm was so powerful. I could not believe the feeling. I continued to let out moans of unbelievable pleasure as my mind went totally blank for a while. I was totally lost in the moment. It was a powerful orgasm that drained me of all my energy.
I laid there momentarily trying to catch my breath. My mind started to wander. Did they like what they saw? Was it exciting to them? I laid there as I wanted to give the ladies a long view of my body with my cum on my chest. I know some women like that. I was handed a hand towel and then Josh grabbed me and guided me towards the bathroom. Before I entered the bathroom, I told Josh I wanted to remove my blindfold and see the girls.
Josh quickly replied, "No! That would ruin the whole experience. This was perfect and the girls loved it. Don't ruin it."
"Did they like it? The bad part of the blindfold is you can't see the ladies expressions." I questioned.
"Yes, they did like it. You couldn't tell by their hands all over you." Josh responded.
Hearing the women enjoyed it made me feel better. It was really exciting for me and glad it was exciting for them. It was one of the most intense orgasms I ever had. I cleaned up and got dressed in the bathroom. I put back on the blindfold and Josh escorted me back to the front. There were some whistles and applause.
I thanked Josh for everything he did. It was better than I had expected. Josh said he was going out to O'Sullivans later if I wanted to join him. I went home showered and met Josh at the bar. He was out with our friends Caitlyn and Emma. The four of us hang out a lot together. Josh asked me how I was doing and I replied "Great!" I tried to explain to him how exciting it was but it is hard to put into words.
"Well, I guess then everyone had fun." exclaimed Josh.
"What did you do tonight, Eric?" asked Caitlyn.
"Not much, just hung out." I answered. Then thought about how exciting my evening was.
FROM JOSH'S VIEW POINT
Eric and I have been friends from about 6 years now. We were introduced my mutual friends shortly after college. We hung out a lot as we had many of the same interests. We both liked to work out, hit the bar scene, concerts, and sporting events.
Eric is a good looking guy. When we go out to a bar, he never have trouble getting phone numbers or even hooking up when he feels like it. Eric is about 6-2, dark hair and has the short beard that all the women love. He has an athletic body, six pack abs and broad shoulders. He is a pretty easy going guy and would do anything for his family and friends. Yes, he is the type of guy that most guys are jealous of, including me.
Eric has always been a sort of an exhibitionist. He never wears a shirt in the summer time and will walk to the shower in the locker room with the towel over his shoulder. Eric has told me that he has gotten into doing videos for women, showing off his body and jerking off. But one day at lunch, the conversation really shocked me.
Eric talked about wanting to be blindfolded in a room with a few women. He would be naked and they would watch him jack off. And he wanted me to organize it with some girls I knew. I told him no at first. But later that afternoon, I was talking to a good friend of mine at work, Ellen.
"Don't tell anyone this but would you believe that Eric wanted me to organize a group of women to watch him strip and masturbate?" I said to her with an astonished tone in my voice. "He is such an exhibitionist!"
"Why doesn't he just do it himself?" Ellen questioned.
"He wants to be blindfolded. He wants me to invite some of my girl friends, like girls from my MBA group." I explained. "He doesn't want to see them at all. He wants me to organize, greet them, stuff like that."
"Well, if he doesn't want to see them at all, he wouldn't know who is in the room?" Ellen tried to clarify.
"Yes, I guess you're right. I think Eric just wanted some girls that he didn't know or knew him" I said, thinking out loud.
"How fun would it be to get some girls from the office to come watch?" Ellen said excitedly. "We could get Kate, his sales assistant. She had a crush on Eric since he started working here."
"That would be funny. And Danielle from Account Management group who works closely with Eric." I jokingly said. We shared a laugh thinking about it. But, after thinking about it for a few seconds, I said "Nah, that would be too mean. I couldn't do that to him."
"Why not? The big ego-maniac deserves it. He wants to put on a show, then we have the audience who wants to watch." Refuted Ellen.
I told Ellen I would think about it. I couldn't play a trick on my friend like that. Although the only way he would know is if he took off the blindfold, which he said he didn't want to do. On one hand, it would be a funny prank. On the other hand, it is quite cruel but who knows, he may find that arousing too.
As I was thinking about it, I thought if I invited a few girls from work, I could also invite some girls from our group of friends. Both Eric and I are close friends with Taylor and Emma. They would get a huge thrill of seeing Eric naked. Actually, I could think of a few other girls that would enjoy seeing Eric naked.
Ellen stopped by my desk and said she said something to Danielle and Kate and they were very interested. At first I was mad at Ellen for saying something without talking to me first but then I saw how excited she was. So, I gave in and said I will do it. I went to Eric's desk at the end of the day and I said I would do it. I told him that I would see what girl friends may be interested and I would get back to him. Eric had a big grin on his face. He was so excited.
Later that night I spoke to Taylor and Emma, friends of ours. Emma was totally into it but Taylor said no, that it would be too weird to see her friend naked. Emma said she loves the idea of seeing Eric naked and yet he would have no idea who was in the room. Emma suggested contacting Caitlyn since Taylor wasn't interested. Caitlyn was also a friend but fell out of the group about a year ago when she started dating this one guy. They just recently broke up and Caitlyn has been hanging out with us again. I texted Caitlyn and she said she "wouldn't miss it!"
Everyone showed up at my place at 8:30. I wanted them all to have some drinks so they would be nice and relaxed for the show. There was plenty of excitement in the room. The women could not stop talking about how the night could turn out. They all knew Eric, knew he was good looking and had a nice body and they would all see him naked shortly.
I gave everyone the instructions. I would have Eric take off his clothes at the door and I would escort him into the room. I will make sure to parade him around so everyone gets an up close view of his body. They can touch but don't say anything that would give Eric any clues who was in the room. The doorbell rang at exactly 10:00.
I met Eric at the door and I was surprised he looked so nervous. His cheeks were flushed and his voice was shaky. I told him to take off his clothes and I would then blindfold him. He was kind of fumbling around taking off his shirt and pants. I had second thoughts as I can see he is nervous. "Are you sure you want to do this? I asked of him. Seeing how nervous he is, I was now feeling bad about what I was doing. He hesitated but answered yes and removed all his clothes.
I put the blindfold on him, made sure he couldn't see anything, and escorted him inside. I explained that we would walk down the hallway and then everyone was seated in the back room. Eric was still showing signs of being extremely nervous. He was breathing really hard and his hands were shaking. The nerves didn't seem to affect his blood flow as he was getting aroused in anticipating what was going to happen.
Eric looked good naked. He has nice flat stomach and thin waist. He has broad shoulders and nicely defined pecs. He has just a little bit of body hair on his chest and stomach. Eric is a good athlete and runs a lot now. He has big thighs and a nice shaped butt. I can see why he is proud of his body and wants to flaunt it.
As we reached the living room, I didn't want to block any of the guests' view so I released his arm, moved behind him, grabbed the top of his shoulders and guided him forward. I could still feel him shaking. I also noticed his neck area and shoulders were blotchy. We walked a few steps forward and he was now front and center, standing completely naked in front of the 5 women. Kate, Eric's sales assistant, could control her emotions as she let out a big squeal of excitement upon seeing Eric nude body. She tried to cover her mouth but the squeal echoed in the room.
The girls' eyes were focused directly on Eric's body. Some just stared, some giggled, and others whispered to each. I hope Eric couldn't recognize the squeal or the whispering voices. I whispered to Eric that he is in the middle of the room now. He continued to breathe hard through is mouth and his hands were shaking quickly back and forth. I told Eric to "stop fidgeting". I didn't want the girls to see how nervous he was so I said "Eric, put your hands on your head."
Eric then put his hands on top of his head giving all the girls an unobstructed clear view of his dick, which was almost at full mass now. Eric has a nice size dick, probably 7". Eric was definitely feeling the excitement of standing naked in front of numerous women. Ellen motioned for me to have Eric turn around.
"Ok, Eric. Turn around." I commanded him. Eric took a deep breath and slowly turned around exposing his ass to the onlookers. Caitlyn couldn't control herself as she let out a half squeal and half laugh, covering her mouth at the site of Eric's round firm butt.
Ellen motioned for me to bring Eric to them. "Ok, Eric. I am going to walk you around the room so the guests can get a closer view. They will be allowed to touch you. Keep your hands on your head." Eric was fully hard now, without any touching, just the excitement of his body being viewed by the audience. I thought to myself, "wow, he really is into this!"
I grabbed Eric by the shoulders and guided him towards the sofa that was to the left. That is where Ellen and Kate were seated. I positioned him directly in front of Ellen. She giggled to herself and admired the muscular body of her coworker that stood in front of her. She stared down at Eric's rock hard erection. She didn't know what to do. She didn't know if she should touch him and if she did, where to touch him? So, she reached out her hand and rubbed his six-pack abs. Eric's body jumped upon her touch as if she startled him. He was breathing heavy, mostly through his mouth which made it very noticeable. Ellen motioned me to turn him around. I guess she likes a good ass to touch. She lightly touched it, caressing his butt with circular motion on each cheek. I could see his cock bounce with excitement upon her touch.
I then guided Eric down a few step in front of Kate, his assistant. Kate was in heaven as she has had a crush on Eric. Kate is a couple years younger than Eric. Eric liked Kate but would never date someone he worked with. Kate was a cute girl, fun bubbly personality. Kate and Eric would actually make an attractive couple.
Kate grabbed Eric's pecs. Eric has nicely defined pecs so there are nice muscles to grab there. She then went for his nipples. She licked her index finger and then teased his nipples with her one finger. Eric let out a heavy breath, almost a moan. His nipples must be very sensitive. Kate's hands then went down his flat stomach and then grabbed a hold of Eric's erect cock. Eric about jumped out of his skin. Ellen and Danielle began to laugh at the site of their female coworker grab the cock of their male coworker. This is so surreal. I am watching my coworkers play with the naked body of my friend and their coworker.
Kate strokes Eric's cock a few times. Eric's body quivers as the excitement of the stimulation is overwhelming to him. He continues to breathe heavily. The ladies are enamored with playing with his naked body. Caitlyn and Emma motion me to push Eric towards them. I grab Eric by the shoulders and walk him over to Caitlyn who was seated on my loveseat, Emma right beside her. They gawk at Eric's cock that is inches from their face. Emma stands up and pushes Eric from the back down to lay over Caitlyn's lap. Eric struggled to understand what position he was forced to be in until I said "You will lay over this person's lap." Eric then tried to position his legs so he was balanced on her lap. His struggle to get balanced gave the women some interesting views of his ass.
Caitlyn grabbed Eric's round ass cheeks and gave them a good squeeze. Emma did the same. They were both marveling at the shape of his butt. Then Caitlyn gave his ass a quick slap that caught Eric by surprise. His entire body jumped in reflex which caused the ladies to giggle. I am hoping that Eric does not recognize any of laughs. Caitlyn give Eric a few more smacks on his ass. Emma only smacked it 2 or 3 times.
I don't know if Caitlyn was a little drunk but she became more aggressive. She grabs Eric's leg and positions it away from his body which spreads his cheeks slightly. She uses one hand to separate his ass cheeks exposing his hole. She takes one finger and starts playing with his ass hole. Eric doesn't make a move, he stays positioned on her lap. Caitlyn licks her fingers and continues to swirl her finger around Eric's hole. For the first time, I hear Eric let out a moan. Ellen, Danielle, and Kate walk over towards Caitlyn to get a better view of the action. I decide to take a few steps back, out of the way. I don't need or want to see this.
If Eric only knew that his body was being played with by his coworkers and friends. I was starting to again feel guilty. How would he feel if he knew that Danielle, Kate, and Ellen - three coworkers of his, has viewed his naked body up close, even touched it. If he knew Kate, his sales secretary stroked his cock? What if he knew that Caitlyn and Emma, friends of ours, paddled his butt and now fingering him. And all five of them will eventually watch him masturbate and explode. They will know everything about Eric and he will have no idea these women saw him.
They pull Eric up onto his feet and give his body a few more touches, rubbing his chest, butt and stroking his cock. Caitlyn and Emma stand up from the loveseat, and the ladies push Eric down.
"Are you ready to perform for the ladies?" I asked.
"Yes." Eric answers, still trying to catch his breath.
I help Eric position himself on the couch. I make sure he is comfortable and is in good view of the women, who are all standing within 5 feet of him. I give Eric some lube and he starts stroking his hard cock. The ladies stand and watch in amazement. They watch the handsome 28 year old man, lay naked on the couch, stroking his hard dick. Eric continues to breathe hard. He lays there proud and excited. Every once in a while, he takes one hand and pinches his nipples, or rubs his chest and stomach.
I wonder what is going through his head. How exciting it is to be jacking off in front of women who are admiring your body? Or is the fantasy of not knowing who is watching you? He may be fantasizing that there are 5 beautiful blonde college girls here.
I am not watching as intently as the women, but I am watching Eric. I'm watching his technique, his grip, his stroking motion. I am not turned on by watching him but I am curious how another guy masturbates. He strokes with one hand and plays with his balls with the other hand. His cock is rock hard and the head of his cock is deep purple now.
The women are fascinated with Eric. They stand there mesmerized by him. I wonder if it will be strange for them on Monday to see Eric at work and not picture him naked with a hard on? Or when Emma and Caitlyn, Eric, and I hang out, will they visualize Eric's butt that they played with? I think about if a woman coworker stripped in front of me and I caressed her body, how weird would it be the next time I saw her? But the women here are in complete intoxication with Eric, watching him methodically stroke his dick.
Eric is really getting into it now. He is moving his hips, like he is fucking his hand. His body starts to quiver and tense up. He looks like he is close. Caitlyn, Ellen, and Kate forget not to say anything and start encouraging Eric by saying "Yes!" or "Shoot it". Eric leans back and shoots his load onto his chest - very impressive. The first string lands by his neck. Then the next few land on his chest and then the rest on his stomach. He must have been saving up with that large load. Two of the women actually had to cover their mouths to stop from saying anything. I think Eric made all 5 of them very horny. I'm not gay but watching Eric made me horny.
I went to the closet to get a hand towel. When I returned, Eric was still laying there, catching his breath. The women were still ogling his body. I never realized how all of them have a crush on Eric. Kate has her cell phone out and took some pictures of Eric laying there, pictures that she will share with other coworkers. I walked Eric to the bathroom where he asked to take off his blindfold and see the girls. I thought about letting him remove it but at this point, everybody is happy. He is happy that he performed for a group of ladies and they are happy to see a hot 28 year old strip and jack off in front of them. I guess this will ALL be our little secret so I told him no.
Eric got dressed, blindfolded, and I walked him to the front door. There were again some whistles and applause. I told Eric to meet us at O'Sullivan's bar as he left.
I asked the ladies what they thought. "Wow, Eric is really hot. I never thought he was such an exhibitionist!" stated Ellen.
"I always wondered what his body looked like under those suits." responded Kate. "His body is perfect. Did you see that ass?"
"Was it weird watching a coworker/friend naked like that?" I asked the group.
"No! That made it more exciting!" was their overall response. "And knowing he will never know we saw him naked."
"I am glad you all enjoyed it but you can NEVER tell him you were here. This is our secret." I confirmed. "He had fun and you got to see your friend and coworker naked and even play with his body. Let's keep it just like that." They all agreed and even had a "cheer" in remembering Eric's naked body.
Emma, Caitlyn, and I went out for a couple of more drinks. Eric showed up shortly after we arrived. Emma and Caitlyn constantly gawked at Eric in a whole new way now.
"How you doing?" I asked of Eric. He said "Great. That it was better than I expected."
"Well, I guess then everyone had fun." I said.
"What did you do tonight, Eric?" asked Caitlyn.
"Not much, just hung out." Eric answered.
Caitlyn and Emma just looked at each other and smiled. It will be our secret of the night that Eric stripped in front of his friends and didn't know it.