^^^
"Hey, Blue Eyes," a tall, young man called out. "Are you here for the state championship?"
Betty Jo stopped, surprised that the friendly young man laying poolside had even noticed her. She wasn't the kind of girl that guys hit on.
Betty Jo would never be confused for a cheerleader. She wasn't beautiful. She didn't have a great butt, long, shapely legs, or a nice rack, and she wasn't peppy. You know, someone who is always smiling and says hello to everyone.
The moderately attractive eighteen-year-old was quiet and shy. She had a body that was well suited for swimming which was why she was here. She had qualified for the West Virginia High School State Swim Tournament.
She had the attributes that make for a good swimmer: being tall, having long arms, short powerful legs, and big hands, feet, and lungs. Those traits aren't what high school boys look for in a girlfriend.
The young man smiled and stood. He was okay-looking and had dark wavy hair. He was 6' 4" tall and made the 5' 10" woman feel comfortable. At school, she felt like a freak because she towered over all the girls and most of the guys.
"Hi. My name's Tanner. I'm here for the swim meet. Are you?"
"Yes," she answered in a quiet voice.
"I see your school spared no expense on the accommodations." He chuckled.
She didn't respond. She wasn't used to playful banter.
"The rich school districts are staying at the Marriot or Hilton. My school picked the cheapest hotel. On the plus side, we are across the parking lot from a Cracker Barrel."
Betty Jo laughed and said, "Oh. Yes. I'll be taking my meals there. My school is worried about how much this costs. I go to a small school out in the boonies."
"For our state that's saying something."
He laughed, showed nice teeth, and asked, "Are any of your teammates here?"
"No. I was the only one to qualify."
"Same here. We should hang out."
"I'd like that. My name's Betty Jo."
She extended her hand. He clasped it. She left her hand in his and remarked, "This feels nice. For once, my giant hand isn't overwhelming the hand I'm shaking."
"You're not a freak. They're a lot of puny people."
Her eyes welled up with tears, and she gushed, "That's the nicest thing anyone has ever said to me!"
Tanner hugged her and held her tight as she cried.
Ten minutes later, they were naked in his room, making out.
"Oh!" she moaned as they kissed.
He pushed her onto her back and touched her breasts.
"They're small," she said, embarrassed. Her cheeks turned red.
"They're beautiful," he said, and he kissed them and sucked on her engorged pink nipples.
"Oh. Oh!" she moaned. She grabbed his head and pulled it to her chest.
He would have stayed there anyway. He knew foreplay was necessary to prepare her for sex. He took his time, enjoyed her breasts, and played with her stiff nips.
She adored the attention and the warm, wonderful feeling his actions engendered.
He dropped a hand to her thick bush, found her gash, and fingered her.
"Oh, God!" she shouted. Her hips jumped in the air. "No one has ever touched me there," she explained.
He smiled and continued to caress her pussy.
"Oh. Oh. Ohh!" she moaned as he sucked on a petite tit and rubbed her swollen clit.
He slid his finger into her vagina. He didn't get far. Her hymen blocked his way. He chuckled and said to himself, "I thought she might be a virgin. I'm going to punch her V-card."
"Ohhh," she moaned loudly as he felt her up and returned to rubbing her nub.
She gasped and stared at Tanner in disbelieve as he slid down her body.
He knelt between her legs with his head above her pussy. She could feel liquid leaking out of her sex. It wet her thighs, and the aroma filled the air.
She shuddered and thought, "Is he disgusted by the smell? Why is the odor so pungent and pronounced?"
"Come back," she begged and reached out to him. "The smell..."
He smiled and reassured her. "The smell is heavenly. I love it."
He rubbed his nose on her thick brown bush and took a deep breath. He smiled, savored it, and said, "This is all normal. The pleasure you feel. The warmth in your belly. Your vagina getting wet. It's natural and normal. Your body is preparing for intercourse."
He reached under a pillow and pulled out the condom he'd stashed there earlier in hopes he'd get lucky. He opened the package and slid it over his hard cock.
"I've never...." she said nervously.
"I know. I'll be gentle, and it will be great," he said confidently.
She smiled and relaxed a little.
Tanner gave her oral sex and raised her excitement to another level. He got on top of her and kissed her trembling lips as his penis penetrated her.
"Oh!" she gasped as his cock bumped into her hymen.
He looked into her eyes and said, "The next part might hurt a bit. It'll be over quickly."
She stared into his eyes, saw his calm demeanor, and nodded.
He jabbed; she screamed.
"Ahh! Ouch!"
He stopped once he broke the barrier and said, "I'm sorry. There's not another way to do that, but your maidenhead is gone, and for the rest of your life intercourse will be pleasurable."
He pushed his dick in slowly.
"Oh! Oh, God! This is wonderful!" she gushed.
"I know. It's amazing for me too."
He was kind and considerate.
Her pussy was tight, hot, and wet.
They loved the sensations screwing produced.
"Oh. Ohhhh!" he cried out. He thrust his dick inside her.
She felt it swell and pulse and saw him make a funny face. She lay still, not knowing what to do.
He groaned and smiled broadly and said, "That was great." He kissed her and said, "I came. Next time maybe you will have an orgasm."
He rolled off her and removed the condom. He tied it in a knot and tossed it n the trash can. He said, "Wow! That was wonderful. You were great."
"It's was amazing," Betty Jo said. She was beaming.
He kissed her and said, "My experience is it takes girls a few times before they can climax. Sex can be overwhelming and confusing, but when you can focus on the act, you will orgasm."
"When can we do it again?"
"Anytime you want. We'll be here for another two days."
"How about now?"
He laughed, pointed to his limp dick, and said, "I need an erection. Want to suck my cock back to life?"
"Okay." She frowned. Her face turned red, and she said, "Teach me how. Teach me everything."
He did.
They fucked every opportunity that could. Which was a lot, considering they were only together for a few days. On the second day, she had her first orgasm. By the last day, she was telling him what to do.
At the swim tournament, they were each other's cheering section. She won two first-place medals. His best was a third-place finish.
They hugged when they had to go home. She cried.
They promised to get together soon, but they never did.
^^^
Jane Robertson was born in 1990. The Millennial absorbed the message from society that a woman was hairless from the eyebrows down. Her culture taught her that was the way things should be. It was right, proper, and healthy.
A good woman bathed regularly. She trimmed her nails, brushed her teeth, and combed her hair. And she expunged visible hair from over ninety percent of her body.
The first time any pubic hair or armpit hair appeared on her body, Jane got rid of it. Shaving was a regular part of her hygiene routine from her teenage years onward.
That's why the young woman was shocked when the college swim coach said, "I need you to not shave from the start of school until the conference championship in February."
"What?" the naive eighteen-year-old asked.
"Jane, I'd love for you to swim for my college. I can offer you a full scholarship, but I need to know that you'll agree to this condition.
The swim coach explained the reason behind the request.
Jane listened and said to herself, "Mom is too ill to continue to work at the mill. Dad is struggling to pay the mortgage and feed my three younger brothers. This is my only chance to go to college, get a degree, and have a good life."
"I'll do it," Jane said. Her face turned red. "No shaving during swim season."
"Great. Welcome to Faber College."
^^^August 22, 2008^^^
The college swim coach stood in front of the twenty-five young women who wanted to be on the college swimming and diving team. It was a Friday. Classes were to begin on Monday.
She said, "My name is Betty Jo Evans, and I'm the new swimming and diving coach. The days of our college being the laughing stock, the doormat, the losers of our conference are over!
"We are starting a new era here at Faber College. A winning tradition."
A small cheer went up from the team.
"Things will be different," the tall woman said as she glared at the team.
"The way things have been done hasn't worked. Faber has finished last or next-to-last in the conference for the last ten years.
"THAT IS UNACCEPTABLE!"
Betty Jo paced in front of the women.
She said, "The definition of insanity is doing the same thing over and over again and expecting a different result. That is why things must change.
"I had success at Hudson College. We won our conference championship the last two years. I will be using the training regimen I implement there. I believe in a holistic approach. Everything counts."
She counted on her fingers as she said, "A healthy diet, adequate sleep, a positive attitude, and hard work.
"I will make sure you get the opportunity to put in the hard work necessary to be successful."
Some in the group laughed.
"The other elements will be your responsibility.
"The school is stepping up. They are supporting us. We finally have scholarships. We have two which I've split among three members of the Freshman class."
Missy and Georgina, two swimmers who were seniors, looked at one another. They appeared to be pissed that people who had not swum one race for the school were being paid. They'd carried the team for years and never received one cent.
Betty Jo said, "Our sport has evolved over time, and we must keep up. Sir John Arthur Trudgen picked up the hand-over stroke from some South American natives and successfully debuted the new stroke in 1873, winning a local competition in England."
She dimmed the lights in the room and said, "Our sport was changed at the 1956 Summer Olympics."
She went to her computer, pressed play, and the actual televised broadcast of a race played.
"Ladies and gentleman," the television announced said. "We are at the Swimming and Diving Stadium in Melbourne, Australia. This indoor aquatic center is the first fully indoor Olympic swimming venue. It was built to host the diving, swimming, and water polo events for these 1956 Summer Olympics.
"The stadium is packed, and the fans are cheering raucously for the swimmers. The next event is the men's 100-meter freestyle Jon Hendricks, a twenty-one-year-old born in New South Wales, Australia, is the favorite.
"The men are at their ready, the gun sounds, and they're off. Hendricks is in lane four. Three Australians and three Americans are in the pool along with a swimmer from Japan and one from France.
"The stadium is filled with the sound of the cheering crowd.
"As they turn and head for home, Hendricks has a one-foot lead over Devitt and Chapman, his fellow Australians, and the rest of the field trails.
"They are giving it their all as the head for the wall. It's really on. Devitt and Chapman almost catch Hendricks as they battle it out ahead of the others.
"Hendricks wins! Devitt is second, and Chapman is third. A clean sweep for the Australians.
"Jon Hendricks wins the 1956 men's 100-meter freestyle race in world record time. 55.4 seconds. This is the first time Australia has won gold in this event."
An anonymous young man's face appeared on the screen, and he said, "I thought this idea of shaving for the championship was rubbish. How much drag can body hair cause? But then, when you lose a race by a tenth of a second, you realize everything matters."
A female swimmer appeared and said, "When I shave for the big meet, the water feels different. I'm so smooth that I glide through the water."
A second male swimmer said, "It's electrifying. Your whole body jolts. You jump in the pool, and it's like,wham!. The water feels completely different; you feel different. The physical advantage may be small, but the mental advantage is huge!"
Another female swimmer appeared on camera. It was a young Betty Jo Evans, and she said, "Shaving not only removes the hair, but it also removes the top layer of skin which heightens your sensitivity to the water. You feel the water differently. You effortlessly glide through the water. It's amazing!"
Jon Hendricks was on screen, and he said, "People are always asking me how I came up with the idea to shave off my body hair before races. Well, it wasn't my idea. It was my father's.
"We lived next door to a sailboat enthusiast. He was always working on the hull of his boat, cleaning it, and lacquering it. My father asked him why he spent so much time working on his boat. It seemed like it was out of the water more than in.
"Our neighbor said, 'Because I want to win. I discovered that if my hull is clean, I can go a knot faster than anyone else'.
"My Dad took a look at me. I was quite hairy. He said, 'Let's clean your hull before the next race.' He used a Gillette razor to remove my body hair, and I won, bettering my time by over a second."
The swimming coach turned off the computer and said, "Lights on, please."
A member of the female swim team flipped the light switch and illuminated the room.
Betty Jo Evans stood in front of her team in a red and white tracksuit and said, "Jon Hendricks won a series of national titles after being encouraged by his father to shave his body. In the 1956 Olympics, the Australian men's team followed his shaving example and stunned the world.
"They won 14 medals. That was more medals than any other country. Eight were gold medals. Again, more than anyone else. The 1956 feat was astonishing.
"Shaving is a common practice for swimmers at colleges across the United States in preparation for conference championships and the NCAA tournament. It has been for almost fifty years. That has not been the case here. We will join the crowd and do as all our competitors do."
"Coach, I'm confused," Georgiana said. "I understand why a guy shaving before a meet would help. Some dudes are hairy beasts, but we don't have back or chest hair, and we already shave our legs."
"There are multiple benefits to the shaving program. One, you identified, it makes you smoother and sleeker. You have less drag. A bigger bonus occurs in your mind. You head into your race feeling confident and speedy, knowing you will swim faster than you have in months.
"That is why every member of Faber College's female swim team will be expected to refrain from shaving any part of her body below her neck for the next five months."
"What?" Missy, a senior, screeched.
"Yes," the coach said smiled. "I want you hairy! Think. All that hair means extra drag. You'll have to work harder on every stroke. It's like a runner wearing weights during workouts.
"Imagine how much stronger and faster that runner feels when he takes off the weights. That's how you'll feel at the conference championship after you shave for the first time in months. You'll be as sleek as a dolphin. You'll fly through the water and post your best time when it matters!"
"You expect us to walk around campus for months hairy?" Missy asked.
Betty Jo pulled on her tracksuit pants. The rip-away pants flew off, exposing her hairy legs.
She said, "I do. It's a small price to pay for success. What's the saying? Winners do what losers won't.
"Victory comes at a price. Are you serious competitors? Do you want to win? I'm not saying you have to walk around bare-legged or in sheer stockings wearing shorts and skirts showing off your hairy legs. You can wear opaque tights, pants, or long dresses.
"I'm saying all members of the Faber women's swimming and diving team will refrain from shaving until the day before the conference championship. If this is too much for you, leave. Only the most dedicated athletes, those that will follow my program are welcome."
Candy, a sophomore, raised her hand and asked, "Is all shaving prohibited? Armpits? Vaginas?"
"Yes. No shaving, no waxing, no depilatory creams below the neck. If you have hair on your upper lip or need to tame your eyebrows, take care of it. But nothing else!
"That does make any sense," Candy objected. "How could armpit hair or pubic hair under my suit matter?"
"It doesn't. Not in the way the hair on your leg matters, but it does in the grand scheme. Are you familiar with the children's bookIf You Give A Mouse A Cookie?"
Some in the group nodded, and others shook their heads.
The coach continued, "In the book, a boy gives a mouse a cookie, and that starts a chain of events. The mouse asks for a glass of milk. Then a straw. Next, a mirror to check if he has a milk mustache. And on and on it goes.
"If I put a razor in your hands and you shave your armpit and pubic hair, will it end there? Will you clean up your bikini line or your upper thigh? What next? Will you ask yourself what harm could there be in shaving the dark hair on your forearms? Will you shave some of your legs so you can wear your favorite skirt or because you have a special date? Where will it end?
"Instead of having you weighing the pros and cons of this action and that action. I'm making it simple for you. DON'T touch any hair below your neck."
Betty Jo looked at the college woman. She pursed her lips as if deep in thought. She stayed that way for a couple of beats and then said, "Look at my legs. This is what five months of not shaving looks like. If your guy is not understanding, doesn't support you, and your desire to be on the swim team, do you think he's going to say, 'I can put up with inch-long leg hair because it's a temporary situation, but hair under your arm that's too much!"
Her head swiveled, and she looked everyone in the eye.
"Our first practice is on September 2nd," Betty Jo said. "Be ready to jump in the pool at 6:00 a.m. We're out at 6:50. At 7:10, we're in the gym lifting weights. That is followed by stretching. The morning session is over at 8 o'clock, so you can make it to an 8:30 class.
"The afternoon session is from 2:00 p.m. until 4:15."
Betty Jo headed toward the door. She stopped, faced them, and said, "Being hairy will not necessarily mean the end of your social life. In the scheme of things, shaving is a relativity new phenomenon. Women didn't worry about armpit hair until the 1920s when sleeveless dresses became the fashion.
"For most of the history of our country, no one saw a woman's legs. Women wore long dresses. Fashions changed, and hemlines rose in the 1920s, but women didn't shave their legs. American women wore thick dark-colored stockings at first, which were replaced by opaque flesh-colored stockings to simulate the look of bare legs.
"It wasn't until 1941 that the majority of American women began shaving their legs. When they could no longer buy silk and nylon stocking because the materials were needed for WW II, they picked up a razor.
"Your grandmothers and great-grandmothers were hairy, and they had no trouble getting laid."
The young women gave the thirty-three-year-old a 'what-the-fuck look'. The coach shrugged her shoulders and said, "I'm just saying."
She looked at their open mouths and the surprised looks on their faces and said, "For those of you who accept my 'no shaving' rule, I'll see you Tuesday, September 2nd at six a.m. For those of you who think this is too much to ask, don't come."
Betty Jo walked out of the room.
Marge turned to Cindy and said, "Can you imagine not shaving?"
"No. Gross!" Cindy said. "I'm out."
"Me too," Marge said. She and her friend left.
Missy and Georgina were sitting nearby and overheard the conversation of the sophomore swimmers. They watched the pair leave.
Georgina asked, "Are you going to stop shaving?"
"I'll do what I have to do. This is our year."
"Okay. I guess I'll be wearing a lot of pants."
Missy stood and addressed the other girls in the room. "Hey. Listen up, bitches. My name is Missy, and I'm a senior. I'm guessing you are like me. We all were the best swimmer or divers at our school, our district, and maybe even our state.
"It's a whole different world in college. There are no easy races or tournaments. You are always up against the best of the best.
"To be honest, the Faber team has been like a club team. The previous coach was a confused old woman, using out-of-date techniques, and the commitment of many on the team was iffy. We deserved to have our asses kicked.
"I'm hoping things will be different this year. Ms. Evans was a nationally ranked swimmer. Have you seen her times? If she hadn't injured her rotor cup, she'd have made the Olympic team.
"I'm not going to beg everyone to stay. As the coach said only stay if you plan to take this seriously and put in the work."
A young woman stood. It was Stacey Smith, the team's best diver. She said, "Missy, you know me and know I'm a hard worker. Do we want to be the hairy weirdos on campus?"
Sabrina Howard, a Freshman swimmer, stood and said. "Everything Coach Evans said about swimmers at other schools not shaving for months and shaving before the conference championships is true. I have friends at other schools, and they tell me that it's standard practice at the best swimming schools."
A junior, who wasn't a very good swimmer, stood and said, "I'm out. I like to swim, but I'm not willing to be a hairy beast." She walked out of the room.
Another young woman stood and said, "I can't not shave my legs."
She followed the junior and left the room.
When they were gone, Missy looked around the room and asked, "Anyone else? Only stay if you're all in."
No one spoke up or walked out.
Missy smiled and said, "Okay, teammates. The NCAA rules say our first practice is September 2nd, but there are no rules against us swimming as long as the coach isn't present.
"I know everyone is excited to be back a college. You want to see your friends and get laid."
Some in the crowd hooted and hollered.
"I've arranged parties for us tonight and Saturday with a bunch of good-looking guys and all the beer you can drink. We'll have a blast this weekend. Monday morning at 6:00 a.m. everyone is expected to be in the pool for a voluntary workout. We will swim Monday through Friday, take Labor Day weekend off, and the official workouts begin Tuesday. Got it?"
The women nodded or voiced their agreement.
Missy pulled out her phone, waved it about, and said, "Anyone who wants to know the time and place of the parties, tap your phone against mine. We'll share contact info, and I'll text you the party details."
Everyone touched their phones against hers.
^^^
Betty Jo went to her office, closed the door, and sat at her desk. She leaned back and said, "I think that went well. I got my points across. I might have gone too far when I suggested Grandpa liked banging their Nana, but..."
She chuckled, and a memory came to the fore.
Last weekend, she moved into her new apartment. Saturday night, she drove fifty miles to a honky-tonk bar. She liked keeping her sex life separate from her work life. That way, if things went bad, she didn't bump into an ex in the grocery store or her favorite bar.
She arrived around midnight wearing tight jeans and a sexy, low-cut top with wide armholes. Normally, she wore a camisole under it. Tonight she didn't even have a bra on. Her cleavage and side boob were on display, as well as flashes of underarm hair.
She went to the bar, ordered a beer, and got a glass of Miller Lite. She scanned the room as she drank half of it. The room was full of good ole boys like the small town she'd grown up in. Some were with partners. Enough of them had no female companions that she felt she'd get lucky.
She went to the dance floor and moved sensually to the music. Her boobs bounced. Large, hard nipples were visual under the red top.
A big man at the bar with black hair and a black beard smiled at her. She liked his rugged good looks and smiled back. She beckoned him to join her.
He came over and said, "Hi, my name's Jim."
"Betty Jo," she said with a smile. She continued to move rhythmically
"I haven't seen you before," he said.
"I'm new to the area. I heard this was a good place to make friends." She raised both arms, put her hands behind her head, shook her tits, and said, "Do you want to be my friend?"
He stared at her bouncing breasts and her hairy armpits.
"Does a real woman scare you?" she asked playfully. "You know, women pee, belch, and occasional fart. We also have furry body parts. Or are you looking for a waxed-to-the-max Barbie doll?"
"I like your attitude and your look," he said as he scanned the tall woman from head to toe.
She was moderately attractive with shoulder-length brown hair and blue eyes.
He was no movie star and knew it. He judged them to be a fair match.
"Then invite me to your place." She gave him a genuine smile.
"Betty Jo, let's go to my place and get better acquainted."
"What a lovely idea."
They walked five blocks to a row house and went inside.
He closed the door, and she pounced on him. She stuck her tongue in his mouth and kissed him fiercely.
He backed her up against the wall. He returned the kiss and groped her.
She did the same and moaned, "Mmmm."
They kissed, pressed up against each other. His hand found a breast and palmed it. Her hand found his hard cock, and she squeezed it.
She said breathily, "Fuck me here!"
He spun her around, pulled her jeans and thong down, and got his angry cock out. He thrust into the hairy area between her legs, and his dick bounced off her vulva.
She giggled and said, "Let me help you." She grabbed his penis, brought it to the entrance to her vagina, and said, "This is my honey hole."
He drove his cock in, and they both moaned, "Ohh!"
He fucked her roughly. Each thrust pushed her against the wall.
"Oh. Oh. Oh!" she cooed.
He thrust into her so forcefully that he lifted her up onto her toes.
"Oh, God! Oh, God!"
"Ohhhh," he groaned as he came. Hot cum shot into her hot box.
She bounced up and down on his spurting cock, rubbed her clit, and got off.
"OHHhhhh!" she called out.
They slumped against the wall. Their hearts raced; their breathing was labored.
His shrinking cock slipped out of her followed by his cum.
She giggled and said, "Do you want me to let your cum ooze out of me and puddle on the floor, or can I use the bathroom?"
"Sorry, I forgot I had you pinned to the wall. The bathroom is the next door on the left."
He stepped back and said, "I'm getting a beer. Do you want one?"
"Yes," she said. She turned, faced him, and gave him a peck on the cheek. She stepped out of her jeans and underwear and went bareass to the bathroom.
After peeing and cleaning up, she walked into his kitchen in just her tank top.
He smiled and said, "I like your style. Do you think this bottomless thing will catch on?"
She chuckled and said, "I'm ready for more dick."
He squinted in the low light of the kitchen and said, "I love your brown bush. Do you have hairy legs?"
"Yes. I'm a natural girl. I don't shave anything. Is that a problem?"
"I'd be a hypocrite if I complained," he said. He rubbed his beard and added, "I don't shave anything either."
Betty Jo smiled and looked pleased with his answer.
He said, "Can I have a few more minutes before we head to the bedroom. I'm better at laying pipe than pushing rope."
"Need some help?" She sauntered up to him, took a sip of his beer, and dropped to her knees. She unbuckled his pants, pulled them and his underwear down, and smiled as she grabbed his limp soiled cock.
She squeezed and stroked it, looked him in the eyes, and said, "I'm looking forward to round two." She popped his messy cock into her mouth, sucked, and caressed it with her tongue while she jostled his balls
"Ohh. Nice," he groaned. "Glad to see you're not afraid to get dirty."
"I'm not. You can come in me or on me, except for the hair on my head."
"Good to know." He chuckled and asked, "Can I take your top off?"
She pulled off him and raised her arms.
He peeled her tank top off, ogled her average boobs, and said, "Nice."
"Thanks...Where was I?" She giggled and wrapped her lips around his penis. She resumed giving him a blowjob.
When he was fully hard, they went into his bedroom. She got into bed while he stripped. He lay beside her, and they took it slower this time. They made love, kissing and caressing each other.
Jim proved to be a surprise.
He was a tender, considerate lover. He didn't rush through the foreplay. He didn't fuck her face when she gave him head. He seemed genuinely concerned that she enjoy their time together, and he never teased or complained about her being hairy.
After kissing, fingering her, and playing with her soft breasts, he rolled onto his back and said, "Mount up, Cowgirl."
"Thanks. I like being on top,"
She straddled him and impaled herself on his hard cock.
"Ohhh. That's nice," she cooed. "You stretch a girl good."
She rode him, and he played with her breasts.
"Oh! I could do this all night long," she said and sighed.
"Go ahead. I don't have anything planned for tonight or tomorrow."
"I'm going to take you up on that offer!"
They took their time and had a long enjoyable fuck. They came and then slept.
^^^
They had a quickie in the morning, went to a diner for breakfast, and fucked in the shower before Betty Jo had to head home mid-morning.
They got each other's number.
"I'd like to see you again," Jim said.
"Me too. Drinks and dancing next Saturday?"
"Deal."
She woke from her daydream when she grunted. She had her hand down her pants, masturbating furiously in her office. A few seconds later, a climax overtook her.
^^^ Friday, Aug 22, 2008^^^
A text went out to the young women who'd committed to the swim team.Party. 10:00 Kappa house. See you there! Missy
Missy was at the door with a 'Hi' and a hug for all the girls. She was wearing a t-shirt with the words 'I know I swim like a girl. Try to keep up!'
Her friend, Georgina, wore a bright blue bikini, She had attached dozens of ribbons she'd won from swimming to the bikini bottom, so it appeared to be a skirt.
The appeal of free drinks and boys was enough to get everyone to come.
Jane showed up wearing her best summer dress. It cinched at her waist, emphasizing her hourglass figure. The V-neck displayed a nice amount of tanned cleavage. A month from now, after intensive swimming workouts, her boobs would be smaller and she'd have less to display.
She immediately was self-conscious as she looked at how the other women were dressed because her best clothes were no match for their party garb. She grabbed a beer, stood by the wall, and tried to fade into the background.
Two young women, swimmers, sought out Jane. They saw her by a window and came up to her. They smiled and introduced themselves.
"Hi, My name is Ava, You're Jane Robertson, aren't you?"
"Yes."
"I'm Diana King. I'm a diver. The other girls are calling us the 'Fabulous Freshman' and 'Money' because we are the Freshmen on half scholarships. Since you have a full ride, you should be part of our crew. We are the nucleus who are supposed to make this program great."
"How did you find out I was getting a scholarship?"
"Process of elimination," Diana said. "I googled everyone. No one has posted the times you have."
"Oh. I see," Jane said. She looked embarrassed.
"You've nothing to be ashamed of," Ava said. "You're good. You deserve the scholarship. What are you doing back here? Come on. Let's dance and meet some boys."
Ava and Diana grabbed Jane and dragged her onto the dance floor. The two were so vivacious and friendly that Jane instantly felt at ease.
The three of them laughed and danced. They were having so much fun the boys were drawn to them like moths to a flame. Ava and Diana received a lot of attention.
Jane wasn't upset. She knew how the world works. The pretty girls are fond over, and she was overly tall, moderately attractive, and had big hands and feet.
There was someone who thought she was the bee's knees.
A very tall man walked up to Jane, and said, "Hi, I like your dress. My name's Jedidiah. People call me Jed. Would you like to dance?"
Jane looked up at him. He had to be seven inches taller than she was. Which was unusual. He had black hair and a gangly build. He wasn't handsome, but he wasn't ugly. He seemed nice, so she said, "Sure."
She started to move to the music. Jed reached out, grabbed her right hand with his left hand, and placed his right hand on her back below her left shoulder blade. He rocked his hips and moved his feet in 4/4 time.
Jane followed his lead. She laughed and said, "Oh, You're a good dancer. What dance is this?"
"The cha-cha."
He moved with small fast steps. It was fun and, at times, flamboyant.
Jane laughed and shook her hips with an exaggerated movement.
He changed things up and did the foxtrot, the jitterbug, and the twist. Jane laughed and tried to keep up.
He pulled her close and said, "You're a good dancer."
"Not as good as you!"
He spun her away from him and brought her back. He said, "You might have noticed that I'm tall. I play basketball, and to improve my agility, footwork, coordination, and flexibility, I was enrolled in dance classes in high school. It improved my game. A side benefit is I occasionally get to hold beautiful women in my arms."
"I'm not beautiful," Jane protested. Her face turned red, and she said, "You're a shameless flirt."
"Please don't argue with me. Beauty is in the eye of the beholder, and I think you're special."
They danced, talked, and laughed.
"It's getting late," Jane said.
"Let me walk you to your dorm."
"Okay."
They stopped mid-way, sat on a bench, looked at the sky, and kissed.
Each seemed to enjoy the kisses. They stayed on the bench and made out for twenty minutes.
Jed was a gentleman. He didn't take any liberties. They hugged, kissed, held hands, and looked into each other's eyes. There was no groping.
He walked her to her building and said, "I had fun. I'd like to see you again."
"I had fun. Tomorrow night there's a party somewhere for the swim team. Would you like to go with me?"
"Absolutely."
They exchanged contact information and kissed one more time. Jane felt dizzy as she entered the building. Jed walked away with a throbbing hard-on.
Jane entered her dorm room. Her roommate, Jessica, a walk-on on the swim team, popped out of the en suite. The redhead had cream on her face, a tight cotton t-shirt that could barely contain her nipples, and stripped bikini underwear.
She said, "Who was that you were with tonight? The two of you were dancing up a storm."
"His name's Jed. He's on the basketball team."
The redhead asked, "Did you have sex with him?"
"What? No. I just met him. We kissed."
"That's sweet. I'd at least sucked his dick. If you find a decent guy, you have to show him you like him, or he'll move on to another girl. I'm just saying."
She got into her bed.
Jane did her nightly routine and went to bed.
Jessica piped up, "Guys have it so easy. I'm not talking about missing out on monthly periods and birthing babies. At one glance, an ass-man can judge your booty. A leg-man knows if you have killer pins, and a boob-man knows if a girl has melons, peaches, or fried eggs. They have information that's important to them before they approach us.
"We all clueless, and I'm not just talking about will he cheat on us, is he an alcoholic, degenerate gambler, or wife beater. We don't know if he has an acceptable dick.
"Is there any feeling worse than getting on your knees, fishing out his cock, and discovering his dick is tiny, pencil-thin, or so gross looking it makes you gag? And you're stuck. You can't shout 'Ew!' and run away. You have to suck it, fuss over it, and let him cum."
Jessica sat up in bed and said, "Jane, the guy you were with has long skinny arms and legs. What if he has a long skinny dick? So skinny you don't even know he's inside you."
Jess giggled, flopped down on her bed, and said, "That's why I suck dick on the first date. I need to know if it's worth taking the time to get to know a guy and getting him to like me."
It took Jane a long while to go to sleep. She tossed and turned as she wondered, "What if Jessica's right?"
^^^
Saturday morning, while Betty Jo was having two screaming orgasms, Jane was fretting about Jed. She forced herself to wait until 10:00 a.m. before she called him.
"Hey, beautiful," he said when he answered.
"Ah...Hi," she said, sounding flustered because she was. "Want to go for a run?"
Her nervousness caused her to speak rapidly. "I'm new here. I thought you'd know where a good trail is. I could run on campus, but I enjoyed running on trails in wooded areas."
"Woah. Slow down. I've only had one cup of coffee."
"Sorry. When I get nervous, I talk fast." She blushed and was thankful he couldn't see her red face.
"No problem. I'll meet you in front of your building in fifteen minutes. I know a scenic place to run."
"Thanks."
Jane was on the grass stretching when Jed showed up. He took her on a run through a nearby park. It had dirt trails through woods and along a stream.
"This is so beautiful," Jane said. She stopped, walked, and looked around. They were in a secluded natural area.
He walked beside her and said, "This is my favorite place to run."
"What's over there?" Jane asked, pointing into the woods where the trees and brush were heavier.
"I don't know."
Jane walked into the woods. Jed followed. When they were well off the trail, she turned to him, smiled, and said, "I wanted to get you alone." She stepped up to him and kissed him.
Jed embraced her and kissed her.
They made out in the woods to the sounds of birds chirping. Jane slid to her knees and grinned at him while tugging on his shorts.
He smiled as she exposed his cock.
She breathed a sigh of relief and said, "Nice cock."
She giggled and thought, "You got your question answered. Now, you're going to have to give him a blowjob."
"Oh!" he moaned as she took his dick into her mouth. His penis got harder and bigger as she did her moves.
She was thrilled he had a regular-size erection. He was big enough to please any woman and not so big that she couldn't suck it or would be afraid to fuck it.
While she was sucking and stroking and evaluating his cock, Jed was moaning and groaning. He said, "I'm going to come."
A jet of cum flew out of his dick when he finished the sentence. He caught Jane off-guard mainly because she wasn't paying attention to him.
"Mmm!" she squealed. She coughed.
He attempted to pull out. She didn't let him. She grabbed his penis, jacked him off in her mouth, and swallowed his load. When he was done, she let him go.
He knelt beside her and said, "Sorry for coming so quickly. I didn't give you much warning."
His face was red, and so was hers.
She said, "No. It was my fault. To be honest, I was distracted thinking what a nice cock you have that I didn't notice the signs that you were about to come."
"You like my cock?"
Her face turned a brighter shade of red, and she asked, "Are you going to make me say it again?"
He smiled and nodded.
"Jedidiah, I like your cock!" She emphasized the hard 'k' sound.
He playfully pushed her to the ground, got on top of her, and they laughed and kissed. They made out in the bushes.
He pulled her top and bra off, sucked on her nipples, and caressed her soft breasts.
"Oh," she moaned.
He got off her. He knelt by her knees and looked her in the eyes as he tugged on her shorts. When she didn't object, he pulled her running shorts. He took her panties off next.
"Wow! Beautiful!" he said in awe as he looked at her shaved pussy.
He spread her thighs and smiled as he studied her sex.
He leaned down and licked her pussy.
"Oh! God!" Jane moaned. She spread her legs wider and was thrilled when he went down on her.
His hands were gentle as he explored her pussy. His tongue was active. He knew how and where to touch her.
"Oh.Oh! OH! OOOOHH!"
Her cries rose in volume and developed a sense of urgency. They reached a crescendo, and her body was flooded with the good feeling of a great orgasm.
He lay beside her and held her while she enjoyed the moment. When her eyes opened, she smiled and said, "You're a good dancer with a nice cock who knows how to eat pussy."
She laughed and said, "Jed, you're checking a lot of boxes."
"Good. Because I fancy you too."
She rolled on top of him, sat up, grabbed his dick, and held it upright as she lowered herself on his hard cock.
"Ohhhh!. I knew you'd stretch me good."
"Ohhh," he groaned. He raised up, looked deep into her eyes, and said, "I like you. This better not be a one-time thing."
She grinned and said, "With a cock this nice, I'll be back for more!"
They laughed and rutted.
She rode him hard. He drove his dick into her with powerful thrusts.
They moaned and groaned and climaxed simultaneously.
^^^
Jessica was on her phone when Jane returned to her room glowing. She had a leaf in her hair.
Jane announced, "The cock question had been answered. Jed has a nice one."
Jessica laughed and said, "From the look on your face and the foliage in your hair, I'd say he fucked you good."
Jane flopped on her bed. she ran her fingers through her hair, found the leaf, and removed it. She said, "Yes! So far all signs say he's a keeper!"
^^^
Jane and Jed went to the second party Missy organized. There was good music and plenty of alcohol. Jane proudly introduced Jed as her boyfriend to everyone she talked to.
They snuck out early and banged in Jane's dorm room. That got in two sessions before Jessica walked in.
"Hey, lovers!" Jessica said playfully to the naked couple snoozing in a single bed.
"Oh, hi," Jane said. She pulled up the sheet, covered her breasts, and smiled. She said, "Jessica, this is Jed. Jed, Jessica."
"Hi," he said with a smile.
"We're going to take a shower, and Jed will head home," Jane said. "Is that okay?"
"Yes."
Jane flung the covers off her and her lover. She exposed her freshly fucked pussy flaps to her roomie as she climbed out of bed. She ran naked to the en suite.
Jed was caught by surprise and slow to move, so Jessica got a good look at the naked young man. She noted he was tall, thin, and hairy. She saw his limp penis bounce around as he scrambled out of bed, cursed, and chased his girlfriend to the bathroom.
After their weekend hook-up, Jim texted Betty Jo daily. Their conversations were friendly. He was funny, and they confirmed their plans to meet again on Saturday night.
He sent a text that said,Let's do dinner
She read his message and said out loud in her empty apartment, "Let's keep it casual. You know, just sex."
She texted,No need. Our last date was perfect. Meet you at the bar at mid-night
K
After an hour of drinking and dancing to country music, Betty Jo snuggled up to Jim and said, "Take me to your place."
The look in her eyes convinced him it was time to go. He paid the bill, and they walked to his place.
Betty Jo pounced on him again as soon as the door was closed. They necked and groped each other in the hallway.
He cupped a braless tit and squeezed. Her tongue was down his throat again.
She still managed a growl.
"Do you want me to press you up against the wall and fuck you like last time?" he asked and snickered.
"No," she chuckled. "Take me to the family room, bend me over the back of the sofa, and eat me. Don't do it so long that my thighs are soaked. Fuck me while I'm still a little dry."
"OK."
He led her into the next room, removed her clothes, and leaned her over the back of the couch. The moonlight streamed through his Venetian blinds, causing stripes of light and darkness to fall on her toned bottom.
He knelt behind her and ate her pussy.
"Oh, God! Oh!"
He ate her ass and licked her asshole.
"Oh! You dirty boy!"
He alternated, eating the orifices until he judged she was right for the taking. Semi-dry.
She had reached the same conclusion and shouted, "Oh. Oh, God! Fuck me! Put your dick in my pussy!"
Jim stood. He lowered his pants and underwear and shoved his hard cock into her hairy hole.
"Oh!" they screamed.
He fucked her rough because she liked it that way.
She cooed, sighed, moaned, and screamed when she climaxed.
"OH! FUCK!"
Ohhhh!" he hollered and filled her cavity with cum.
He slumped over her. They lay together breathing loudly and feeling wonderful.
"Ahh. That was nice. I'm getting a beer," Jim said. "Want one?"
"Yes. I'm parched and could use a breather before round two."
Jim opened the frig, got out two cans of beer, and asked, "Is there going to be a round two?"
"There's always a round two, buster."
Betty Jo stood. She took the can of Miller Lite he offered and gulped some. She said, "The first round is fast and rough. I'm horny and need to get off. Round two is where you make sweet love to me. You can be on top this time."
He chuckled and said, "Thanks. How about we start in the missionary position, and you bring it home cowgirl style."
"Works for me. Can I finish my beer?"
"Sure, Darling."
She carried her beer into the bathroom, pissed, and cleaned up.
He heard her belch and saw her naked form step into the hall. She waved for him to follow her into the bedroom.
He did.
They lay together on the bed. They kissed and took their time and enjoyed pleasuring each other.
He got on top of her and gazed into her blue eyes as he slid his cock inside her well-lubricated vagina.
"Ohhh!" they groaned.
He fucked her with easy, full strokes.
She climbed on top of him and rode him cowgirl style while he pulled and pinched her nipples. They each found their bliss and drifted off to sleep.
The next morning, they shared a shower. Betty Jo teased Jim, got him hard, and he shoved her up against the shower door and fucked her forcefully from behind.
It ended well for both of them.
^^^Monday August 25th^^^
Jane and Jess were up before the sun. They squeezed into their practice swimsuit, downed a cup of coffee, and arrived five minutes early for the 'voluntary' practice.
Missy put herself and the other swimmers through some drills. Stacey Smith worked with the divers. An hour later, their hair still wet, they hit the gym.
There was some griping and complaining. Most of it about the early hour. They had all been to many practices and knew what to expect. Missy wasn't a slave-driver.
Jane arrived at her 8:30 English class on time. She was excited and discovered that she liked the teacher and the class. Her next class was math. She wasn't thrilled with it.
She had lunch with Jed and told him about her day.
"You've done more than I'm likely to accomplish all day."
After lunch, they kissed goodbye and went to class.
They met after dinner at her dorm room. Jess stood and said, "I'm going to visit a friend. I'll be gone at least an hour. Is that long enough for the two of you to do the deed?"
"Yes," Jane said. She giggled, embarrassed, and added, "Thanks. I owe you."
"You do, and when I need the room, even if you're studying for a final exam, you'll give me the room. Right?"
"Deal."
As soon as Jess was out the door, Jane had Jed's penis in her mouth. She sucked his dick for five minutes.
He reciprocated and gave her excellent, orgasmic oral sex.
They kissed and fuck and lay smiling and exhausted in each other's arms. Jed's cum oozed out of her and made her sheets wet and sticky.
^^^
Time passed quickly.
Jess and Jane and the other swimmers got used to the routine: early morning practice, classes, meals where they gorged themselves, studying, partying, sex, and sleep.
When the real practices started after Labor Day, the swimmers were surprised at the intensity and how unprepared they were.
After the first practice, Betty Jo walked into the locker room, stripped, and used the communal shower. Everyone looked her over. She was fit, had pretty, medium-sized breasts, and had a normal swimmer's body.
That meant she was tall, had a long torso, long arms, and short legs. She had large hands, which allowed her to catch lots of water with each stroke, and big feet that moved a great volume of water with each kick.
All the college swimmers had hairless underarms and legs.
A dozen had small landing strips of hair above their pussies. The rest were completely bare.
Betty Jo was the opposite. She had soft, brown curls in her pits. Her brown pubic hair was two inches long, and she had dark hair an inch long on her legs.
After showering and drying her body, she stood before them nude. She knew she had their attention. They had been sneaking glances at her.
She said, "I wanted you to know that I'm not asking you to do something I haven't done. Each of us is unique, but this is probably how you'll look five months from now, the day before the conference championship."
She raised her arms over her head and slowly spun so everyone could view all areas of her body. They looked at her body hair. They also evaluated her boobs, hips, and ass.
She said, "Human hair grows on average about a half-inch per month. While it grows at the same rate, different types of hair grow for different lengths of time. That's why your eyebrows never get as long as the hair on your head.
"This is me after five months of not shaving. My armpit and leg hair stop growing after two months, so it maxes out at around one inch long. My pubic hair stops growing after four months, so my bush is two inches long.
"The hair on your head can grow for two to six years. That's why some women have ponytails that touch their butt. We're all different. The longest my head hair gets is two or three inches below my shoulders.
"I understand your concerns about being different. About being hairy. I guess it's no consolation that from the beginning of time until recently, this is how women looked. Of course, some cultures did pluck or shave or sugar to remove hair, but most were too busy struggling to survive and feed their children to worry about hair.
"My hairy nature is invisible to people I pass on the street and work with. I do let some people in on my secret. No man has refused to go to bed with me because I look this way.
"I don't mind the leg hair. I don't draw people's attention to it. I was never one to wear short skirts. You could bleach it to make it less noticeable or wear opaque stockings or pants."
Betty Jo wrapped a towel around her body, picked up her clothes, and walked out of the locker room.
^^^September 14th^^^
Jane and Jed spent a lazy Sunday afternoon in bed, courtesy of Jessica, who made herself scarce. They were naked, kissing and caressing each other in between bouts of lovemaking.
Jed ran his hand over her pussy and said, "Babe, have you lost your razor? I feel stubble down here."
Jane froze, and her face turned red.
"I'd be glad to shave you," he said. "You can trust me not to cut you. I've done it before."
"Does my hair bother you?"
"It is prickly."
Her appearance changed from embarrassed to worried, and she asked, "Would it be a big deal if I grew it out?"
"I've never been with a girl who has pubic hair. Some had a strip or a small triangle. Even my mother and sister are bare."
Jane cocked her head, furled her eyebrows, and gave him a questioning look.
Jim laughed and said, "We're not nudists, we don't shower together, and I don't spy on them. I've heard them on the phone making waxing appointments."
His face turned red, and he said, "Last summer, my mother fell in the shower. I heard her scream, ran to her, and asked if she was okay. She was hurt and shook up. I helped her stand and get out of the tub. She asked how badly bruised her butt was, and I inspected her backside. I couldn't help but see her breasts and notice she had no pubic hair."
Jane listened, nodded, and appeared satisfied with his explanation. The worried look returned to her face. Her voice shook as she said, "Would it disgust you if I had pubic hair? A lot of pubic hair, and hair under my arms and on my legs?"
"I didn't take you for a hippie chick or an ardent feminist," he joked.
He saw tears welling up in her eyes and asked, "Is this some kind of test to see if I like you for you or I'm with you just for sex?"
She cried.
He hugged her and said, "I really like you, and I don't care if you shave or don't shave. Honestly, it'd be cool, retro, if you had a bush."
"My swim coach is requiring everyone to stop shaving until the conference championship. That's in February! By then, I'll have a 70s bush and hairy legs and pits!"
He squeezed her tight and said, "It'll be okay. You do what you have to do. It's not a deal-breaker for me."
He kissed her tears away and made love to her. As he licked her pussy, he thought, "I wonder what oral sex is like with a hairy girl? I guess a stray hair getting caught in my throat is a possibility. If she has pubic hair, does that mean her pink taco is now a bearded clam?"
He chuckled.
"Oh," Jane moaned. "What's so funny?"
"Just enjoying myself."
He mounted her and drove his hard cock into her warm, wet hole.
"OHH," they moaned.
He did it over and over and over again to their mutual joy.
Feelings built up inside them and exploded. They saw stars and cried out.
"Oh. Oh! OHHH!"
Her eyes and vagina clenched.
His dick spewed ropes of cum. All was right with the world.
^^^
Betty Jo met Jim that same Saturday night at the stroke of midnight. She was wearing her tall boots, and they were almost the same height. They had drinks and danced at the honky-tonk. Then headed home on foot.
She couldn't wait to get to his place. She dragged him into an alley, knelt, and got his dick out.
"What are you doing?" he asked as he looked around.
There was no one in the alley. The sidewalk was twelve feet away, and the road was fifteen feet away. Someone could walk or drive by at any moment.
She giggled and said, "Do I have to draw you a picture? I'm going to suck your dick."
"Here? In public. Someone will see us," he said, alarmed
"Nah. I think we're far enough in, and we're in the shadows."
Her hand was holding his limp penis. She wrapped her lips around it and went to work.
"Fuck!" he groaned. "We're less than five minutes from my place. Why can't we go there?"
She pulled off, stroked him, and said, "Because this is more fun."
She blew him until he was fully hard, but not enough for him to climax.
She stood, removed her underwear from under her skirt, and stuffed them into his shirt pocket. She undid his belt and pulled his pants and boxers to his knees.
"Wait. We can't have sex. We'll get arrested."
"Don't be a spoilsport."
She raised her right leg, hooked it around his thigh, and brought his body to her. She grabbed his cock and shoved it into her pussy.
"Oh!" she groaned.
"Ohhhh," he moaned. "I guess we're doing this."
He kissed her. He put one arm behind her back and helped support her raised leg with the other. He pulled her to him and thrust into her.
They kissed, moaned, and fucked in a dark alley. Cars drove by. Their most harrowing moment was when old Miss Tweed came by walking her dog, Pookie. The dog noticed them and barked.
Jim and Betty Jo stopped moving and held their breath.
"What are you barking at you, silly dog?" the near-sighted old lady said. "There's no one there." She pulled sharply on his lease, and off they went.
Two minutes later, Jim's cream filled Betty Jo as she bounced hard, moaned often, and came on his cock.
After a rest, Betty Jo giggled, gave him a peck on the cheek, and said, "That was a good one."
Jim quickly dressed and said, "I almost had a heart attack. What if Miss Tweed had stepped into the alley?"
"But she didn't. Come on. Let's get to your place. Your cum will soon be oozing out of me, and I'm not a fan of the cum-running-down-your-legs sensation."
When they got to his place, she used the bathroom, and he got them two cans of beer. They drank and made out on the sofa.
"How do you want me for round two?" she asked.
"In bed. Reverse cowgirl."
"Oh! Sounds fun. So you like my bum!"
She ran to the bedroom. He chased her.
They stripped and got into bed. She sucked his dick to get it wet, flipped around, got on her knees, and sat on his cock.
"Oh," she moaned.
"Mmmm. You have a mighty fine rear end."
She chuckled and said, "Enjoy the scenery."
He lay still and allowed her to control the action. He smiled as he took in the view. He saw a tan line, a nice round rump, and an asshole that gaped slightly.
He got the biggest thrill watching her roll her hips as she claimed his cock, and seeing it disappear inside her.
She sped up her movement.
"Ohh," he groaned and watched his slick, shining cock slide into her. He stared at her crinkled brown asshole and lost it.
"Oh. Oh! Ohh!" he thrust into her, climaxing.
She sat on his dick and furiously rubbed her clit.
"Oh. Yes! Yes!" she hollered as she achieved an orgasm.
She put her head on the bed and enjoyed her climax. This gave him one more treat. Her butt was in the air, and her pulsating vagina pushed his sperm out. He got a close-up view of a female cum shot.
After enjoying their orgasms, he used his underwear to clean his cock and the sheets. She used the bathroom.
She returned to bed, where they snuggled and slept.
^^^
Betty Jo sucked his morning wood and swallowed his cum. She showered and dressed.
"Can I see you during the week?" Jim asked.
"Sorry. I'll be swamped at work."
"What is it you do?"
She ignored his question, gave him a hug and a kiss, and said, "I love our Saturday nights. See you next week at midnight?"
"Sure."
She left.
^^^September 29th^^^
Jed had his first basketball practice on the last Monday in September. He was tired and sore afterward but in a good way. It was an excellent workout, and he was pleased with his jump shot. He made over forty percent of his shots.
Jane gave him a massage that night. He gave her one too.
His was more sensual than therapeutic. They giggled, laughed, and ended up sixty-nining.
He studied her pussy. The hair was about a half-inch long and black as coal.
"I don't remember it being this dark," she said. "Of course, it's been years since I've seen it." She chuckled, touched it, and added, "It's softer than I expected."
Jed ruffled her fur and fingered her pussy.
"Ohhhhh!" she cried out.
He followed up with his mouth and gave her a good tongue lashing. He didn't stop until she climaxed.
After a brief rest, she used her mouth to make him cum, and she swallowed his load.
^^^Saturday Oct 4th^^^
Jane and Jed went to a party and got drunk. They went to her place and had sex. They were doing the deed doggie-style when the door opened, and Jessica walked in.
Jed pushed his dick all the way in and attempted to cover Jane with his body. Jane broke out laughing.
"What is it with you two? You fuck more than rabbits."
"Sorry," Jane said and continued to laugh. She rolled off the bed, leaving Jed exposed.
He looked at Jessica, raised his eyebrows, and shrugged his shoulders.
He used a hand to cover his dick and got out of bed. He turned his back to the roommate and dressed.
Jess stepped to the side to get a good look at his erect cock.
"Really? As if this situation isn't embarrassing enough," he said. He faced her, stretched out both arms with his palms up, and added, "Take a good look."
"Thanks," she said. "I wasn't trying to embarrass you. I wanted to make sure you were worthy of Jane. That your prick wasn't skinny like your arms and legs."
She licked her lips, smiled, and said, "Nice cock."
"Thanks."
^^^Fifty miles away^^^
Betty Jo had quite a bit to drink and rubbed up on Jim as they danced. She grabbed his dick and said, "Take me home. I want this."
They went home, and Betty Jo came on to Jim.
"Fuck me!" she demanded. She pulled at his clothes and removed hers quickly.
He attempted to caress her and kissed her gently.
She bit him and said, "Don't do it like that! Be rougher. More forceful."
He spun her around, pushed her to the floor, and fucked her doggie style. It was difficult to penetrate her because she was dry.
"Oh. Yes! Like that!" she hollered.
She panted and pushed into him. He entered her with short strokes. As she got wetter, he was able to go in further and faster.
She arched her back, pinched her nipples, rubbed her clit, and got off.
"Oh. Ohhhh!" she cried out.
Her orgasm triggered his. He pulled out and jerked off on her back and butt. He lay beside her breathing deeply.
He watched her face. When she opened her eyes, he said, "What's with you and rough sex?"
"I like all sex."
"Yes, but the first one is always quick and rough. You weren't even wet when we began tonight. Are you into pain?"
"I don't like pain."
She sighed and explained, "I don't have sex during the week. I'm horny when I get here, and I want sex. I boss people around all day. I like turning the reins over to you and being dominated."
"I know next to nothing about you," Jim said. " We meet, drink, dance, and have sex. I don't know where you live, where you work, or if you have any family."
"I'm not a big sharer. I like you, and I enjoy our time together. Is it enough that we have fun?"
"No. The sex is great, but it's like eating donuts or candy. You know, empty calories. Give me something so I feel like I'm more than a walking dildo you use to get off."
She looked him in the eyes, nodded, and said, "I'm the coach for the women's swimming and diving team at Faber College."
"What brings you over here?"
"I don't like to date in the town I coach in. Years ago, I had an ex who stalked me and caused trouble where I worked. My peace of mind is worth the fifty-mile drive."
"I like your bush, and I'm okay with your hairy armpits. Do you have a skin condition that prevents you from shaving your legs?"
"It's a swimming thing. You practice 'hairy' and shave before a big meet so you're streamlined and can better feel water the water and swim faster. I ask my girls not to shave for five-month. In a show of solidarity, I don't shave."
"That's cool that you walk the walk."
"Tell me a little about yourself," she asked.
"I was born and raised here. After 9/11, I joined the army and kicked ass in Afghanistan. I came home after my tour ended because my mom was ill. She passed. I stayed and started a construction company with a buddy."
"Nice," Betty Jo said sincerely. "You're a good man."
He smiled.
She smiled, grabbed his penis, and gave him a loving, passionate blowjob.
"Oh. I'm going to cum," he said.
She stopped and rolled onto her back. She spread her legs, showed him her hairy pussy, and said, "Yes, you are, and you're going to shoot it in here."
He climbed on top of her. They kissed and gazed into each other's eyes as they made love missionary style.
^^^October 17th^^^
Faber College hosted the reigning conference swimming and diving champions from Clarion College.
The Faber men's team performed well.
The Faber women's team struggled. Their older swimmers were outmatched as they had been last year, and the younger swimmers were nervous and didn't perform well.
Jane and the other scholarship girls were 'money'. Jane won two individual events and one relay race. She would have won a second relay, but Jessica jumped into the pool early, and they were disqualified.
The women's team lost. The Faber men would have won their meet if they had won the last race.
The mood in the women's locker room was somber.
Betty Jo walked in and said, "We lost."
She paused, and her eyes swept over the team.
"I saw a lot of people giving a good effort," the coach said. "The score was closer than it was last year. We're heading in the right direction.
"I can see you're disappointed. Channel your anger and frustration into your workouts. We have another meet next week."
The coach left, and the young women stripped and headed to the showers. Jessica was the last one to enter. She stood nude in the entrance, looked at her teammates, and said, "Girls, I'm sorry I got us disqualified in the relay race."
Everyone turned her way, and they murmured supportive responses.
Missy said, "One mistake didn't cost us the meet."
"We all need to do better," said one of the divers.
Georgina went to Jess and hugged her. When she stepped back, she shot her hand between the other woman's legs and tugged on her pubic hair.
Jessica gasped and hollered, "Ouch!"
Georgina let go, laughed, and said, "How could we be mad at you? You have an adorable fire crotch!"
^^^Saturday October 18th^^^
Jim had texted Betty Jo every day during the workweek. He asked her a couple of times if she would join him for dinner on Saturday night. She declined twice. He was elated when she finally agreed.
Their date had a different vibe than their midnight hookups. Maybe it was because Betty Jo wore a bra and a pretty dress and he showed up in a suit jacket.
They dined at a restaurant near his hometown. It wasn't elegant, but it was nicer than the honky-tonk where they'd been meeting.
The steaks were nicely prepared, and the conversation was unlike their usual banter. Instead of flirting and coming on to each other, they asked about each other's day.
Jim paid the bill and drove to his place. They walked in.
"Ah!" she cried out shrilly as he pushed her against the wall. "What are you doing?" she asked playfully. She raised her hands and appeared defenseless.
"Taking care of my girl," he said. He kissed her hard on the lips and pressed his hand against her fabric-covered crotch.
Jim added, "She likes it rough."
He squeezed her tender flesh, forced her against the wall, and kissed her neck. He switched to biting and sucking on her neck.
"Oh," she moaned. "No marks, please. I don't want to have to explain having a hickey." She laughed.
He lowered his head and nipped a breast through her dress and bra. He slid his hand up her skirt and under her thong. His fingers raked her thick bush, and he diddled her clit.
"Oh!" she moaned, enjoying his touch.
He kept working over her gash and nub, and she kept moaning.
"Oh. Oh!" she groaned. She ground her pubic bone into his hand.
He swirled a finger inside her vagina and discovered she was only somewhat wet. He preferred his women be wetter before penetration, but he knew that she thought differently.
He freed his cock and shoved it inside her.
"Oh!" she cried out as he got just more than the tip in her. He continued to thrust in and out. Her lightly lubricated pussy impeded his effort to penetrate her.
"Oh! Fuck!" she hollered. She never said stop.
He opened her dress, yanked her bra up, and sucked on her left tit while he fought to shove more of his penis inside her.
She bucked into him; he thrust as he sucked on her boob.
It worked for her.
She moaned, and her body trembled. Her body went still. She didn't even breathe. A second later, she was wracked by a powerful climax.
"Ohhhhhhh!"
Jim had no qualms jabbing his cock into her until he came. He grunted and squirted.
They rested and cleaned up. They got a beer, streamed a romcom, lost interest, and necked on the sofa.
They moved the action to his bedroom, where they undressed and fell into bed. They kissed, performed oral sex, and cycled through a few positions. He put her on top, and she rode him, experimenting with angles and speeds.
He enjoyed her breasts with his hands, mouth, and tongue.
She found the angle that made his dick rub her G-spot. She felt the beginnings of an orgasm, nurtured it, and received the payoff.
"Oh. UH! Ohhhh!"
Jim pinched a nipple, smiled when she grimaced, and came.
"Ohhhh," he bellowed.
She slumped on top of him. They snuggled and slept.
They woke feeling bright and cheery. They had sex in the shower, sex after breakfast, and sex one more time before Betty Jo hit the road.
^^^
While Betty Jo was driving to meet Jim for dinner, Jed and Jane joined Jessica and a boy for dinner at the college cafeteria.
Jessica said, "Jed, Jane, This is Travis. Travis, this is my roommate and her boyfriend."
They chatted while they ate and agreed to go out for drinks. They had a good time.
The young women used the restroom at the club before heading home. As they washed their hands, Jessica said, "Jane, I need the room for ten minutes."
"You can hardly do anything in that amount of time."
"I can suck his dick. I can get any guy to cum in ten minutes. I told you before I invest a lot of time in a relationship, I need to know I'll get a fair payback...A fat cock."
The four college students walked to the girls' dorm. Jane sat on the bench out front and said, "What a beautiful night. I think, Jed and I will stay and look at the stars."
Jessica smiled and gave her girlfriend a wink. She took Travis upstairs.
When they entered the room, Jessica pounced on the young man. He responded to her kiss and smiled when she slid down his body and knelt at his feet.
She grinned, got his cock out, stroked, and sucked it. Its growth didn't impress her, nor did the fact that he climaxed in two minutes.
"Wow. Thanks," he said. "Can I do something for you?" He touched her breasts.
She knocked his hand aside and said, "Wrong time of the month. I owe Jane the room. Do you mind leaving?"
"Okay. I'll call you tomorrow."
"Great," she answered. She led him to the door and said, "If you see my roommate, please tell her that she and Jed can come up."
"Sure. Bye."
When he left the building, Travis saw Jane and Jed. He said, "Jessica says the room is yours. " He had a big smile on his face as he walked away.
Jed said, "He looks happy."
"Jessica gave him a blowjob."
"Really?"
"Yes, and he failed the test."
"What do you mean?"
"Jess wants to see a guy's erection before she invests a lot of time in a relationship. She sucks dick on the first date."
"Okay, so Travis got a blowjob. How do you know he failed her test."
"If he had a nice cock, he'd be upstairs screwing her. The fact that he was dismissed so quickly means he didn't impress her. She gave him a BJ and sent him on his way. That's why the room is available for us now instead of an hour from now."
"So his bad luck is our good luck?"
"Yes."
"Let's head upstairs," Jed said. He stood and held out his hand. The couple went upstairs, found the room empty, undressed, and got into bed.
They went at it hot and heavy. She sucked his cock; he ate her hairy pussy. They fucked and had great orgasms. They managed to clean up, and get dressed before Jessica knocked on the door.
^^^Friday, October 31st^^^
The smell of chlorine filled Jane's nostrils as she crouched on the platform waiting for Jessica to touch the wall. Her heart was pounding because she had swum and won three races already. However, none were as important as this one.
She peered through her goggles, saw her roommate touch the wall and BOOM! She was off! Her body uncurled, and she entered the water with a small splash. She did her dolphin kick, came up for air, and swam as if her hair was on fire.
The young woman to her right had half a body led on her. Jane was confident that wouldn't be the case at the turn. She'd beaten the girl, the other team's best swimmer, in an individual race.
Jed and her teammates were cheering for her, but she didn't notice.
Her opponent's lead was down to a quarter length after the turn!
Jane moved her body through the water with long powerful strokes. Her big hand clawed the water. Midway through the last lap, the other swimmer was ahead by a head.
By the last quarter, they were even!
Jane kept working, clawing and kicking. She surged in front and won by a tenth of a second.
Pandemonium broke out. Jane's teammates cheered. A half dozen jumped into the pool to congratulate her.
Jane's final leg won the relay and won the meet. It was the team's first victory in two years.
The celebration carried over into the locker room.
The coach addressed the swimmers, "Good job, team! Your hard work paid off. Let's do it again next week against Eastern!" She left the room.
The team undressed and hit the showers. The cheers were revived when Jane walked naked into the shower. The tall woman waved to acknowledge her fans and was greeted by ropes of shampoo.
Her teammates squeezed plastic shampoo bottles and painted her with the viscous fluid. Jessica laughed, came forward, and rubbed her roommate's butt, making bubbles.
Missy and Georgina rubbed her titties. They laughed as her nipples hardened and bubbles formed on her chest.
Jane laughed too.
^^^
To celebrate their victory, the team went to their favorite dance club.
Jane asked her roommate, "What's going on? I keep seeing you disappearing with guys?"
Jessica's speech was slurred because she'd had a lot to drink. She answered, "I'm interviewing potential boyfriends. Of the four I've blown tonight that guy's the strongest contender. Very nice length and girth!"
Jane looked in the direction the redhead pointed and asked, "Which guy?"
"The cute one. Brown hair. Shag cut."
"Oh. I see him. He's cute. He's dancing with Georgina. You'd better get over there and stake your claim."
"You're right. I'm going to bring him to our room and fuck him. Give me an hour, okay?"
Jane stared wide-eyed at her friend. She was astonished by her brazenness.
"I have refreshments," Jedidiah said as he showed up with beers. He handed one to his girlfriend.
"Jessica told me she's given BJs to four guys. She's going to have sex with the one with the best cock."
"I guess that's one way to find a partner."
He kissed Jane and said, "I'm glad we did it the old-fashion way. That we got to know each other as people instead of judging them on body parts."
Jane's cheek blazed red as she recalled inviting Jed out for a run for the sole purpose of checking out his penis. She shuddered, remembering dragging him to a secluded part of the woods and sucking his dick to see if he was a stud or a dud.
Happy for her, his wiener was a winner.
"Yes. Right," Jane said. She downed half her beer and saw her roommate leave with a Justin Bieber lookalike and said, "Let's dance. Jess will be using the room for a while."
Jed led her to the dance floor. He was a good dancer with a full repertoire of dance moves. They used them all and danced up a storm, and had a great time.
An hour and a half later, Jane knocked gently on the door to her room. She didn't hear any response, so she opened the door slowly. She and Jedidiah peered into the room. They saw Jess lying in her bed on her back, snoring softly.
She was naked, and only her feet were covered by a sheet. Cum had oozed out of her pussy onto her thighs and between her butt cheeks.
Jed saw her glistening skin and thought, "She must have a juicy pussy." He looked at her pussy, saw the red bush, and thought, "Cute fire crotch."
He continued the inspection of her body and checked out her boobs. They were small. She had light pink nipples. Her areolas were so light they blended in with her skin color.
"Ah. Jed," Jane said, "will you settle for a kiss tonight. Jess, doesn't look like she's going to give up the room. I'll make it up to you another night."
"No problem."
They kissed, he left, and Jane checked on Jessica. She was sound asleep. Jane covered the drunk young woman, did her nightly routine, and went to bed.
^^^Saturday, November 1st^^^
The next morning, Jane was applying makeup and fixing her hair when she heard moaning and groaning. She left the bathroom, entered the bedroom, and saw Jessica moving.
She said, "Hello, there. How do you feel?"
"Awful. My head's pounding." The naked woman stood on shaky legs, walked unsteadily to the toilet, sat, and immediately peed.
"Oh, God! I drank too much last night."
Jane monitored her roommate to make sure she didn't fall off the commode. Satisfied, she returned to the sink and fixed her hair. She chuckled and asked, "Do you remember anything from last night?"
"The highlights. I drank. I danced. I gave some guys blowjobs."
"Four that I know of."
"Right. A couple were okay. One of the penises was outstanding. I invited him here. He fucked the living shit out of me. I came TWICE!"
Jane giggled and asked, "Do you remember his name?"
"Sam. I think."
She'd finished pissing, wiped herself, and flushed. She stood, looked into the mirror, grimaced, and said, "I look a fright."
"Well, he did fuck your brains out."
They laughed.
"Yeah. That explains why my hair's a mess and my pussy aches. In a good way. He stretched me."
"Are you seeing Sam tonight?'
"I hope so."
"Want to double date with Jed and me?"
"Sounds like fun. It won't make you jealous, will it, knowing my guy's hung?" she said in a teasing tone.
"I'm happy with Jedidiah."
^^^
That evening, Jessica, Jane, and Jedidiah arrived at the party around nine o'clock. Jane and Jessica looked around for Sam while Jed got them drinks.
"I don't see him," Jessica said.
"What time did he say he'd be here?" Jane asked.
"He hasn't responded to any of my texts," Jess said, looking sad. "I'd hoped he got them and would be here."
Jane hugged her friend and tried to cheer her up by saying, "Maybe he's on his way."
Jed and Jane had a good time at the party.
Jess, not so much. She was distracted and kept an eye out for Sam, who never showed. She ended up drinking too much, being too loud and falling too often.
"Oh, Jess. Not again," Jane said as she knelt and helped her friend stand. "Jed, can you give me a hand with Jessica? I think we should take her home."
Jed and Jane assisted Jess and got her home.
"Let's set her on the toilet before we put her to bed," Jane said.
Jed supported the redhead while his girlfriend removed her shorts and pulled down her pink thong. Jed lowered her to the seat.
They waited. Nothing happened. They waited longer. Still nothing.
"I've heard the rubbing a person's lower abdomen can trigger urination," Jed said, trying to be helpful.
"Okay. I'll give it a try."
Jane massaged her friend's tummy near her belly button.
Jed watched and said, "I think you need to do it lower. "
He reached down and rubbed Jess's belly. His hand moved in slow circles above and through her bush.
Jane and Jed heard a hiss and a tinkling sound which grew in volume as the flow increased. They looked at each other and blushed.
The flow slowed to a stop. Jane wiped her friend's vulva.
Jed stood up the young woman. Jane helped him carry the bottomless woman to bed. Jane turned down the bed, Jed placed her in it, and Jane covered her with a sheet.
"Poor thing," Jane said as she stroked her bright red hair. "Sam stood her up."
She turned to her boyfriend and said, "Jed, I can't have sex with you with Jess in the room. I can blow you in the bathroom, or you can take me in the shower." She smiled brightly.
"Why not both?"
"Why not, indeed!"
They went into the bathroom. Jane closed the door, knelt, and got Jed's penis out. She sucked him unhurriedly, in a loving way.
"Oh! You're good!"
Jed stood her up and stripped her bare. He tasted her lips and breasts, eliciting coos and sighs. He grabbed her around the waist, sat her on the counter, and spread her legs. He stared at her hairy pussy.
Jane blushed and covered her vulva with a hand.
Jed said, "Don't be embarrassed. It's beautiful. Your pussy is beautiful, and I love the fur. It's sexy, womanly, and adds a bit of mystery to your body. Best of all, it doesn't impede my access to your yummy parts."
Jed used his hands to part her pubes, leaned in, and licked her slash.
"Ohh!" Jane moaned.
Jed flicked her clit with his tongue.
"Oh!"
His tongue danced across her nub and slipped inside her hole to extract her tangy fluid. He alternated between pleasuring and teasing her. He gave her clit the attention she desired and withheld it to drive her crazy.
"You bastard! Stop teasing me!" She sounded frustrated.
Jed laughed and did as she requested. He ate her until she screamed.
"Oh. Oh! OHhhhh!"
She spasmed. Her legs clamped on his head while she held his face to her bush.
She sighed, relaxed, and released him.
Jed stood and stripped. His erection bounced around. He grabbed it and fed it into the waiting, wet vagina of the drowsy woman.
"Ohh!" she gasped. Her eyes opened, she smiled, and said, "You bastard! I wasn't ready."
"Okay," Jed said. "I can stop." He began to pull out.
"No, no, no," she protested. She reached out, grabbed him, and pulled his body to her.
They kissed and fucked and orgasmed. They clutched each other, gasped, and moaned.
They were cuddling when the bathroom door opened, and Jessica staggered in. She saw them and mumbled, "I need to pee." She plopped down on the toilet and let it fly.
"Nice bum," Jessica said as she stared at Jed's butt, which was in front of her.
Jed's shrinking dick slipped out of Jane. He looked at his girlfriend, raised his eyebrows, and whispered, "What should we do?"
Jane giggled and whispered in his ear, "She's drunk. I bet she'll pee and leave."
They heard the toilet flush. Jess rose and said, "Excuse me. Can I use the sink? I want to brush my teeth." She bumped into naked Jed.
Jed turned around and walked into the bedroom. Jane hopped down from the sink. Cum had drained out of her and puddled on the counter.
"Sorry to disturb you guys," Jessica said. "I didn't know you were fucking in here."
Jane grabbed Jed's clothes, handed them to him, and said, "I'll talk to you tomorrow."
Jessica brushed her teeth. Her hand found the sperm, she shook her hand, and said, "Eww! Guys, I don't mind you having sex in my bathroom, but could you clean up afterward?"
Jed and Jane laughed. Jane said, "Our bad."
Jess burst out crying. She sobbed loudly.
Jane apologized, "I'm sorry you found our mess, Jess, but honestly, I thought you were down for the evening. I would have cleaned up."
Jess turned, hugged her naked roommate, and through tears, sniffles, and a heaving chest managed to say, "Sam texted me....He didn't come to the party on purpose...He doesn't want to see me again...It was a one-night stand...We're done."
"You poor thing," Jane said and hugged the redhead.
She looked with sad eyes at Jed.
"I'll go," he said. "You take care of her." He dressed quickly and left.
Jane led Jess to her bed. The two women got under the covers. Jane spooned and consoled Jess until the distraught woman fell asleep.
^^^
Across town, Jim rang the doorbell, and Betty Jo opened the door to her apartment. She was wearing a pretty dress. "Hi," she said.
Jim handed her a bouquet of flowers and said, "Hi."
"Thank you for the flowers. They're lovely. Come in."
Jim stepped inside and attempted to kiss her. It was awkward because she was moving back to allow him into her place and hadn't expected the smooch. She quickly pushed her head forward and tried to make their lips meet.
They crashed into each other, blushed, and had a re-do. This time they connected.
"Nice place," Jim said as he looked around. It was small and nicely decorated in a girly style.
"Thanks."
Jim bull rushed her. He grabbed her and lifted her off her feet.
"Oh," she cried out in surprise.
Kisses rained down on her face and lips.
He carried her to the couch and got on top of her. She caught on and moaned, kissed, and groped him as passionately as he was attacking her.
He flipped her skirt up and tore at her underwear.
She squealed and fought him and tried to crawl away.
He ripped off her thong, grabbed her ass, and roughly fingered her pussy.
She stopped resisting and groaned," Ohh."
His digits rubbed her clit and penetrated her vagina.
"Oh! Ohhh," she sighed.
He undid his pants, got his erection out, and mounted her from behind. His weight pinned her to the sofa. His dick fought its way into her barely wet vagina.
Both huffed and puffed. He was thrusting; she was moaning.
He reached around, grabbed, and squeezed her breasts as he worked more and more of his cock into her narrow, dry passage. He got it all in, paused to savor the triumph, and then pounded her from behind until she arched her back and cried out, announcing her climax.
"Ohh. Ohh! Ohhhhh!"
"Ahh," he grunted and took his release.
He slumped on top of her. They lay there gasping for air and lost in pleasure.
He rolled off her.
She tidied her hair and shouted, "You beast!"
She smiled and said, "Thanks for remembering how I like it. I have a roast in the oven. We have time to clean up before dinner is served."
"And then more sex?" Jim asked.
"Yes."
^November 7^^^
The locker room was silent. The Faber women's swimming team was in a funk after losing a meet. They sat on benches in the locker room, looking at the wall or the floor.
Betty Jo walked in and said, "We got our butts kicked today. Did you think that after winning a few meets, the competition was going to lay down?"
She glanced around the room. A look of disgust was on her face. She said, "And the way we lost is unbelievable! Three swimmers disqualified? Three!"
Betty Jo paced the room. She took a deep breath, calmed down only slightly, and said, "A false start is unacceptable, Jessica."
She looked at a pretty brunette and said, "Lily, I know you were in a tough race. You were up against the best breaststroker we are going to face this year, but you must follow the rules. You can't do more than one dolphin kick before initiating a breaststroke kick when pulling out of a turn."
She looked at one of her seniors and said, "Georgina, everyone who does the backstroke knows you must touch the wall with both hands simultaneously.
"Girls, these simple mistakes cost us the match. Even if you'd lost your race, the points from a second or third-place finish would have been enough for us to win."
She scanned the team and said, "Go. Go take a shower."
She stayed and watched the young women undress and head into the shower. She smiled and said to herself, "What a collection of hairy women! Today, we made many stupid mistakes, but I can see they have bought into the program. Look at those hairy pits and legs and the giant bushes."
She chuckled and walked away.
^^^Saturday, November 8th^^^
The party started early for Jane, Jessica, and the rest of the swimming team. They wanted to get the bad taste of yesterday's loss out of their mouths, and alcohol, lots of alcohol, seemed to be everyone's answer.
By ten o'clock, three-quarters of the swim team was drunk.
Not Jane. She and Jedidiah had a nice buzz and were dancing, laughing, and having fun.
Missy and Georgina were drunk and insisted on joining them. The senior blondes rubbed up against Jed and grabbed his ass.
"Hey! Watch the hands," he said.
He raised his eyebrows, gave his girlfriend a concerned looked, and shrugged his shoulders. He said, "Please cut it out. I'm here to have fun with Jane."
Missy slurred her words and said, "Janey, doesn't mind. Do you?"
"Don't injure him," Jane said and smiled. "I have plans for later tonight."
Georgina rubbed her breasts against Jed and grabbed his crotch. "Do you have a BIG ONE?"
"You'll never find out," Jed said as he pried her hand off his dick.
"Why don't we make this a private party? Three on one," Missy asked. She slobbered on him as she kissed him on the cheek.
"No thank you. One is enough when you have the right one, and Jane is the perfect girl for me."
"Aww," Georgina sighed. She stepped back and said, "Come on, Missy. Let's go find us some guys who'll value us half as much as Jed does Jane."
The blondes left.
Jane kissed Jed and said, "You're a smart guy. You say all the right things."
"And I meant every word," Jed said. They kissed again.
Jessica bumped into them.
She had a guy on her right and her left. Their arms were intertwined.
She said, "Jane, you can have the room tonight. I'm going home with these two studs."
She leaned in to whisper into her roommate's ear, but the intoxicated redhead spoke so loud everyone around her heard her say, "I bet they have nice big cocks. Look at them! They're so cute and so fit."
"I see," Jane said. She gave a knowing smile and added, "Have fun. Be safe."
^^^
Jessica was laughing as Brian unlocked the door to his room. She pulled on their waists and said, "Come on in, boys. Let's have some fun!"
The three of them stumbled into the room. They laughed and fell on a bed. Immediately, Brian and Jessica went at it. He stripped Jessica and kissed and caressed her body. Barry, the shyer young man, hung back and watched.
After a dozen kisses from Brian, Jess said, ""Let me see you naked."
She undressed the young men. Brian, the outgoing male, was fully hard. Barry, the quiet guy, wasn't.
Jess knelt, grabbed Barry's penis, and said, "I bet I can make you hard!"
She slurped his noodle into her mouth and massaged it with her tongue while she played with his balls.
Brian watched and said, "Barry, touch her breasts. They're soft. Some guys think they're the best part of a woman."
Jess stopped giving Barry head. She smiled and said, "Sit."
He sat on the edge of the bed.
Jessica stood, cupped a breast, and pressed it to his mouth. She dragged a hard nipple across his cheek and lips. She grabbed his hand and placed it on her other mound.
When he didn't immediately latch on, she said, "Suck on it."
He tentatively pressed his lips against her hard pointy flesh and licked it with his tongue. He pursed his lips and sucked ineffectively. A newborn baby would have done a better job.
He quickly pulled away and made a face.
"What's the matter?" Jess asked.
"I can't do it. Sorry," he got up and ran into the bathroom.
Jess stood their slacked jawed and asked, "Is he a virgin?"
"Yes, but it's more than that. I believe he's gay and having trouble accepting it," Brian explained.
"I'm bi. I wanted to kiss him, and he wouldn't let me. He thought he should try being with a woman.
"When you propositioned us, it was the perfect opportunity for him to see if he could be a heterosexual male like society and his parents wants.
"He ran away because a female body doesn't arouse him. That's why he didn't have an erection."
"I thought it was strange," Jessica mused,. "I was naked and sucking his dick and nothing. He didn't get hard. I thought maybe he drank too much and had a case of whiskey dick."
Brian put his hand on her chin, lifted her face, and looked her in the eyes. He said, "Jessica, you're a beautiful woman." He brought her hand to his hard penis and said, "It's not you. Barry's gay."
She squeezed his hard cock.
"I'd like to be with you sometime," Brian said. "We could have fun, but Barry needs someone to talk to. I've been through what he's experiencing. I need to reassure him that it's okay to be your true self."
She withdrew her hand and said, "I understand. I'm not too drunk to find my way home. Go to Barry. He needs you."
She picked up her clothes and dressed while Brian knocked on the bathroom door and entered the small room.
Jessica heard Barry sobbing.
She left and went to her dorm. She hung out with students in the lounge, giving her roommate time with her boyfriend. She wondered, "What's wrong with me? Why can't I find a nice guy?"
Jane and Jed were upstairs naked with their heads in each other's crotch. She was on top, sucking his dick; he licked her hairy pussy and slurped up her delicious fluid.
"Ohh! Your tongue feels so good," she exclaimed. "I want you inside me!"
She spun around and impaled herself on his stiff dick.
"Oh!" they moaned.
As she rode him cowgirl style, Jed sat up and kissed and sucked on her nipples.
"Mmmm," she sighed.
He raised her right arm and looked at her furry armpit.
"What are you doing?" she asked as she giggled nervously.
He put his nose into her pit, sniffed, and kissed her under her arm. He said, "I like your scent."
"Gross!"
"It's not gross," he said. "You're beautiful and I love everything about you."
She stopped moving her hips, bit her lower lip, and stared at him. She said softly, "You do? My hair and everything? "
"I love you, Jane."
"Oh, I love you too!" she gushed. "I was afraid to say it first. I didn't want to scare you."
They kissed passionately, told each other a dozen times how much they loved the other, and shared massive, simultaneous orgasms.
^^^
Across town, another couple was having great sex. After dinner and a movie, Jim and Betty Jo entered her apartment. Jim took control, and Betty Jo found herself faced down on the sofa while Jim undid her pants.
"Oh! What're you going to do to me?" she asked playfully.
"Everything!"
The big man stripped off her pants and thong, spread her legs, and studied her ass. The flesh around her anus was a light brown color. The skin around her pussy was obscured by her thick bush. Her butt was a pale white.
He leaned over and rimmed her asshole.
"Oh, you dirty boy!"
He lapped her butthole and pierced the tight opening with the tip of his tongue for several minutes.
"Ohh," Betty Jo groaned into a pillow.
Jim attacked her pussy. He got her just wet enough that he wouldn't tear her when he penetrated her. He took off his pants and shoved his hard cock into her soft tunnel.
It didn't go in easily.
Her moans reassure him that she was enjoying the rough, semi-dry fuck.
She moved her hips, claimed more of his erection, and sighed, "Fuck! Yes. Shoved your cock into my hole!"
They rutted and cried out when they climaxed.
When he was able to speak, Jim asked, "Why does rough sex appeal to you?"
Betty Jo took a deep breath, rolled to face him, and said, "I like it for a couple of reasons. One, feminists may say otherwise, but women like to be taken. I like to be dominated sometimes. It's freeing. I'm not a dirty whore you're making me fuck or suck you."
"I can understand that," he said. "If you're not in charge you can't be held responsible for whatever happens."
"Exactly," she said and smiled. "There are other selfish reasons. You thrust more vigorously, the sex is more arousing, and I orgasm more frequently. Also, the climaxes are more intense, and they happen sooner.
"You know, it takes women longer to reach an orgasm. I've seen studies that say the average man climaxes in five-six minutes, and the average woman needs thirteen minutes.
"This time difference leads to a lot of ladies being disappointed as their partner moans and shoots a load in our twats, and we are nowhere near cumming.
"I discovered I orgasm faster when the sex is rough. Many women do. It's a psychological, not a physical thing. It's exciting to know your partner can't wait to possess you. Being pinned against the wall or bed and seeing how desperate your lover is to have their way with you is intensely erotic."
"Why do we do it differently the second time around?" Jim asked.
"I'm happy to let you fuck me any way you choose because I've had an orgasm!" she said smugly. "If I don't climax a second time, it's no big deal."
She got up and walked naked to the bathroom.
Jim was waiting for Betty Jo in the hall when she exited the bathroom. He kissed her and dragged her to her bedroom.
"Ahh!" she squealed and let him kidnap her.
He had his way with her. The lovemaking was at times, sweet, and at other times fierce. They both enjoyed it.
^^^Tuesday November 11, 2008^^^
Jane, Jessica, and many other students were in the bleachers for the men's first basketball game of the season. It was on campus in the arena.
The Faber women's swim team cheered their boys on with extra fervor because the opponent was the same school the swim team had lost to in their last meet.
Jedidiah didn't start, but he played significant minutes, defended doggedly, and scored twelve points. He made four of the seven three-point shots he attempted, and Faber won by five.
Jessica waited with Jane for Jed to shower and come out of the locker room. She was happy Faber had won.
"Great job!" Jessica said when she saw him. "You played well."
"Thanks," Jed replied.
Jessica hugged him and said, "Thanks for avenging our loss. If Jane doesn't reward you properly, I'll suck your dick."
Jane pulled her roommate off her boyfriend and said, "I'll take care of him." She kissed him hungrily on the lips. "Good game, Jed. Where's the team celebrating?"
"At a house off campus."
"Let's go," Jane said.
Jessica said, "Have fun. I'll see you later."
"Wrong," her roommate said. She grabbed an arm from both of them and said, "Jessica, you're coming with us to the party. There'll be free beer, and, who knows, maybe you'll meet someone."
"Yeah. Right. My track record is pretty bad of late."
The three of them found the party. They drank, laughed, and danced.
A six-foot-tall, young man with a buzz cut kept giving Jessica the eye. Jane noticed, nudged her roommate, and said, "Jess, you have an admirer."
"What's the point?" the redhead said and returned to dancing by herself.
Jane went to the young man.
She said, "Hi. My name's Jane. I'm Jedidiah's girlfriend. Are you on the basketball team?"
"I wish," he said. "My name is Taylor. I was recruited in high school. Faber was my number one choice. In my senior year, I hurt my knee. I can't play collegiate ball. I'm one of the team's trainers."
"Oh. sorry to hear that."
He shrugged and said, "Injuries happen. Now, I work to make sure others can play."
"I saw you eyeing my roommate. The pretty redhead. I can arrange an introduction."
"I'd like that."
"She's had a bad run lately with guys. It's made her cynical. She's prickly. If you persevere, it'll be worth the effort. I've seen her naked!"
He smiled. Jane smiled and brought him over.
"Hi, Taylor," Jed said when the trainer came near.
Jane said, "I saw this good-looking guy standing by himself and thought that's not right. Jess, this is Taylor. He's a trainer for the basketball team. Maybe he can help you with your shoulder and neck pain."
"What's wrong with your neck and shoulder?" Taylor asked.
Jessica said, "I have pain. Most swimmers do. We overtrain, and if your mechanics are off, you put extra strain on your body."
"You'd benefit from a deep tissue massage. I'm in the training room every afternoon after four except Sundays. Stop by, and I'd be glad to help you."
Jessica nodded but didn't commit or accept his offer. She returned to dancing. Jane danced with her roommate while the guys talked and got drinks.
Jed and Taylor joined the girls and danced near them. Taylor was a terrible dancer.
Jessica smiled and said, "Taylor, you could be the poster boy for white men can't dance."
He grinned, shimmied his shoulders, wiggled his hips without moving his feet, and said, "I could blame my knee injury, but you're correct. I have no rhythm or coordination. Do I get points for trying?"
Jessica laughed at his moves, nodded, and said, "Yes. If I had the medal given to the Cowardly Lion inThe Wizard of OZ, I'd pin it on your chest. You are courageous."
She pretended to put a medal on his chest. She lingered close to him, touching his chest, and looking into his green eyes. She smiled.
Taylor put his arms around her and said, "You're a good dancer. Maybe you could teach me. Shall we start with a slow dancing?" He embraced her and rocked, shifting his weight from his right foot to his left in time with the music.
With the ice broken, Jessica and Taylor spent time together. They got to know each other.
At the end of the evening, the young men walked the women to their dorm.
"Want to see my room?" Jessica asked Taylor.
"Sure."
The four of them went upstairs. Jessica giggled and showed Taylor around. She pointed as she said, "The bathroom is through there. This is my desk. This is my favorite pen."
She sat on her mattress, smiled coyly, and said, "This is my bed. Care to join me? It's comfortable."
Taylor sat beside her and smiled. Jed and Jane sat on the other bed.
Jessica's face turned red as she said, "Becca was my best friend in high school. She had a rec room in her basement, and every Saturday night a bunch of us would hang out there."
She stood, went to the door, and turned off the overhead light. The room didn't fall into complete darkness. The moonlight coming through the window illuminated the space with a soft low light.
She said, "Around ten o'clock, Becca would turn off the main light, and the make-out party would begin. Are you guys game?"
"Sure," Jane said.
Jessica returned to the bed, sat beside Taylor, and said, "I'm not going to fuck you, but I want to kiss you."
Taylor smiled and kissed her. He began with closed-mouth, tongue-less kisses.
"Oh," Jessica sighed and returned his kisses.
Jed and Jane watched. Then, Jane put her hand on her boyfriend's chin and turned his face to hers. They looked into each other's eyes and kissed.
The couples murmured, sighed, and moaned as they made out. They were too busy with their own partner to pay attention to what was happening on the other bed.
The men softly caressed their partner. They stroked their hair and face and cloth-covered breasts.
Jane took things to the next level. She slid off her bed, knelt on the floor, pulled out her boyfriend's cock, and sucked it.
"Ohhh!" Jed moaned loudly, causing the other couple to look his way.
"Ahh. I want to take things slowly," Jess said. " I'm not going to do that tonight."
"I didn't expect you would," Taylor said. "They look like they need some alone time. Want to go get a pizza or something?"
"Sure."
They stood. Jessica said, "We're leaving. The rooms yours."
Jane pulled off Jed, held his dick tenderly, and said, "Bye."
Jess and Taylor left and got a slice at a nearby pizzeria.
Jane stood and watched her roommate leave. When the door closed, she said, "I guess the room is ours." She began undressing.
"I can't believe you gave me a blowjob in front of those two," Jed said.
"I did it for Jess."
"What?"
"Jess likes to take the measure of her men early on to see if a relationship is worth pursuing," Jane explained.
"Measure? His character?"
Jane stepped out of her thong and stood naked in front of her lover. She said, "I'll explain. You can't tell anyone. Jessica doesn't like small cocks. She doesn't want to date someone...to spend time getting to know them... getting them to like her only to be disappointed to discover that they have an undersized penis.
"I thought if I sucked your penis, it would give her an excuse to suck Taylor's prick, and ..."
"She could take his measure," Jed finished her sentence and laughed. Jane joined in.
"But she didn't give him a BJ," Jed said.
"No. She didn't. Enough about her. Focus on me."
Jed stood, undressed, and quoted Shakespeare, "Shall I compare thee to a summer's day? Thou art more lovely and more temperate."
"I like that! Keep going," his girlfriend said, giggling.
He recited more poetry and sang a stanza from a Steve Miller Band song as he kissed and caressed her body.
"You're the cutest thing that I ever did see
I really love your peaches
Wanna shake your tree
Lovey-dovey, lovey-dovey, lovey-dovey all the time
Ooh, wee baby, I'll sure show you a good time."
She listened to the song and smiled. When he was done, she shook her shoulders, making her breasts bounce, and asked, "These peaches?"
"YES!" Jed said enthusiastically. He used one arm to pull her to him. He kissed her and used his free hand to grope her boobs.
They sank to the bed and got more serious. Jed's mouth followed his hand to her breasts. He sucked on her stiff nipples.
"Ohhh," she moaned.
He teased her nips to their full length and dropped a hand between her firm legs. He raked his fingers back and forth through her thick pubic hair and said, "I like your bush. It's fun and soft and womanly."
She looked worried and asked, "Are you okay with the rest of me? I'm pretty hairy."
He looked her in the eyes, rubbed her furry thigh, and said, "I am. It shows your commitment to your sport."
"I can shave in February." A pleading, hopeful look appeared on her face.
"I can wait," he said and smiled. He petted the pelt between her legs and said, "Shave your legs, but keep your pubes."
She smiled, looked relieved, and nodded as she said, "Okay."
His fingers found her clit and rubbed it.
"Ohhh!" Jane moaned.
He dipped a finger into her warm, slick vagina and sang, "Lovey-dovey, lovey-dovey, lovey-dovey all the time."
"Ohhhh!" his partner sighed.
He mounted her, positioned his erection at the entrance of her vagina, and said, "Ooh wee baby, I'll sure show you a good time."
She laughed; he drilled her.
"OOHH!" she called out.
They fuck to climax.
When she recovered from her orgasm, Jane said, "Wow! I never knew you were that musical."
They shared a laugh.
A half-hour later and after Jedidiah had left, Jane heard a gentle tapping on the door and her roommate asking, "Is the coast clear?"
Jane laughed and answered, "Yes. Come on in."
Jessica opened the door and stepped inside. Jane was naked, having taken a shower. She was buffing her furry crotch, laughed, and said, "I thought it took a long time to dry the hair on my head. I'm tempted to use my hair dry down here."
The women laughed.
Jane said playfully, "You left me hanging tonight."
"What?"
"I was kneeling on the floor with Jedidiah's dick in my mouth. I did that so you could pull out Taylor's cock and decide if he was dating material."
"Oh, that. Sorry. I've re-thought my strategy of giving everyone a blowjob on the first date. I want what you have."
"You want to have sex with my guy?" Jane teased.
"No. I'm tired of one-night stands and fucking guys who don't care about me just because they have a big Johnson. I want someone who thinks I'm special. To love me like Jed loves you."
Jane dropped her towel and hugged her friend. They stood together a long while. Jessica cried, and Jane consoled her.
"You'll find a good guy who will treat you right. Maybe Taylor's the guy."
"He might be. He didn't get upset when I told him I wasn't going to have sex with him tonight."
"That's a good start."
^^^
Tuesday, November 18th through Saturday, November 22, the Faber swimming and diving team was at the Bogart Invitational swim meet with five other small colleges.
The Faber women's team finished the competition with 1,377.50 points. That was good enough for a second-place finish.
"It was a phenomenal effort by our team," Betty Jo said to a reporter for the school paper. "This meet was a good test, and we passed. We have a lot to work with as we enter the second half of our season. Our goal is to be in contention for the conference championship in February. The team is hungry, talented, and deserves the success we had this weekend."
^^^Thursday November 27, 2008^^^
Jim had invited Betty Jo to join his family for Thanksgiving. She declined and invited him to her place for dessert when he was done. He accepted.
Jim arrived around ten o'clock at night at his girlfriend's apartment. He rapped his knuckles on her door, and it swung open without him touching the doorknob.
"Hello," he hollered cautiously.
"Come on in, Jim," Betty Jo said. "I'm in the bedroom."
He went to her bedroom, pushed the door open, and saw her sitting on the end of her bed. She was naked.
"Hi, there," she said and smiled. "Are you ready for dessert? I have chocolate." She grabbed a bottle of Hershey's Chocolate Syrup and squirted some on her left breast.
She giggled, picked up a can of Reddi-Wip, and sprayed some on her left nipple. She said, "Do you like whipped cream?"
She uncrossed her legs, spread them, and revealed her big bush. She asked, "Or do you want hair pie?"
"Oh, you vixen," Jim said. "I want it all!"
He came to her and cleaned off her breasts. He kissed her lips and then ate her pussy.
She laughed and squealed and crawled on her hands and knees away from him.
"Bad girl," he said, and he grabbed her hips. She moved her bottom provocatively and said, "What happens to bad girls?"
"This."
Jim kicked off his shoes and removed his pants and underwear. He knelt behind her and drove his hard cock into her barely wet pussy.
"Ohhh!" Betty Jo groaned.
They rutted, picking up speed as she became lubricated. He threw his dick in hard and deep.
She moaned, reciprocated, and climaxed.
"Oh. Ohh! Ohhh!"
He grunted and shot his load into her. They lay, gasping on her bed.
Betty Jo recovered first. She grabbed the can of whipped cream, sprayed it on his junk, and licked him clean. Cum and all.
He picked up the chocolate syrup and the Reddi-Wip can and said, "I think I should spray you!"
She smiled and stuck out her chest and said, "You can put as much of that stuff on my boobs or ass as you want, but not my vagina. Okay? No food in the vag. It causes infections."
Jim covered her tits with cream and chocolate. Betty Jo laughed as he licked it off her. They retired to the shower. They washed. Jim fucked her from behind, and they washed a second time.
They dried off, sat naked on the sofa, and ate pumpkin pie. Jim stayed over and sweetly made love to her in her bed.
^^^Saturday November 29, 2008^^^
The big man on the Faber basketball team jumped and blocked the shot of the other's team's quickest guard, who had driven into the lane. He deflected the ball to a player on his squad who threw a quick outlet pass to Jedidiah.
Jed headed up the court, dribbling the ball with his left hand. One opponent was between him and the basket.
Jedidiah made a wide step to the left with a good head fake. The defender move in that direction. Jed switched his dribble to his right hand, surprised the player, and ran past the defender.
He had a step on him and a clear path to the basket. He drove in for a layup and used his body to shield the ball from the defender's outstretched arms.
The basketball kissed the glass and fell into the basket. The crowd screamed. With nine seconds left in the game, Faber went up by two points.
Their opponents quickly regrouped, spread the floor, and inbounded the ball. Three passes without any dribbling got the ball to their best shooter. He squared up outside the three-point line and let fly a shot with one second on the clock.
The buzzer sounded as the ball was in the air.
"Swish!"
The ball hit nothing but net, and Faber lost.
Jessica and Jane groaned along with the rest of the Faber crowd. They left the arena and went to a party.
Jane noticed that Jessica kept glancing at the door. She giggled and said, "My you're anxious. You're monitoring the door as if your life depended on it. Are you expecting someone special?"
"You bitch," Jess said. "You know I am. Between the demands of my classes, swim practices, and out-of-town games, I haven't seen much of Taylor."
"Horny?"
"Yes."
"Are you going to do something about it?"
"Yes."
Twenty minutes later, the members of the basketball team arrived at the party.
The young women kissed their dates, got them a beer, and tried to cheer them up.
"You play well," Jane said to her guy.
"Not well enough," Jed answered, and he guzzled his beer.
Jessica and Taylor talked and laughed and had eyes and time for no one else.
Jessica joined Jane in line for the bathroom. Jane made a face and said, "I drank too much beer. I'm about to pee my pants."
"Me too," Jess said. She chuckled and said, "If I did, it'd be hard to tell. My panties are already soaked. Being with Taylor has me creaming in my jeans."
"You guys have been lovey-dovey all night."
The bathroom door opened, Jane grabbed Jessica's hand and dragged her in. She quickly sat on the toilet and peed loudly.
Jessica laughed at her roommate and said, "You weren't kidding about needing to go."
Jane wiped, flushed, stood up, and pulled up her thong.
Jessica undid her jeans and pulled them down.
Jane pointed, laughed, and said, "Geesh. You weren't kidding. Your panties are soaked."
Jess leaned down, looked at the wet spot, and laughed. She rubbed her button and said, "Ohhh. I'm so horny. I could cum in five seconds."
"Go on then," her roommate challenged.
Jess rubbed her clit, moaned, and said, "No. I'm hot for Taylor. I want to have sex with him." She pulled her panties down and exposed her big bush. She sat and pissed.
Jane turned away and washed her hands in the sink. "You can have the dorm room now. Go get yourself sorted out."
"I will."
^^^
Jessica unlocked the door to her room, smiled shyly at Taylor, and pulled him into the room.
They kissed at the door. Taylor pressed his body against hers.
"I want you," she said.
"I want you!"
They kissed.
They made their way to the bed, lay side-by-side, and kissed more. He fondled her boobs.
At first, she didn't stop him. Then she grabbed his hand and said, "I want to sleep with you, but I need to warn you. I'm hairy."
"I know you're on the swim team, and the team has stopped shaving. I admire your commitment. In this day when most women wax, shave or laser body hair, it takes a strong woman to buck the trend."
He undid her jeans and pulled them off. He saw her hairy legs. He could see her dark bush through her sheer panties.
"Oh, God!" she cried out as she covered her sex with her hand.
He placed his hand on her, tugged gently, and said, "I'm no fan of hairy legs, but I think your bush is cool."
Her face turned red, and she said, "This is embarrassing. I was so worried about your reaction to my hairy pussy that I forgot my panties were soaking wet. I was so turned on being with you tonight it looks like I peed my panties."
"You were turned on?"
She nodded.
He looked deep into her eyes and said, "I like you a lot."
"Really?" She relaxed and allowed him to undress her.
He smiled at her fit, hairy, naked body. She had small, well-shaped breasts with hard, pointy nipples.
She saw him eying her breasts, blushed, and said sheepishly, "I'll be a cup size larger when swimming season is over. The bad news is my ass will be bigger too." She laughed nervously
He cupped a breast and said, "You're beautiful. You've got nothing to be ashamed of." He caressed her breasts and smooth, toned stomach.
"I'm not the biggest guy," he said.
He stood and undressed.
His arms, shoulders, and chest were large and muscular. He had six-pack abs. The young man obviously worked out and took care of his body.
He removed his pants and underwear.
His dick was hard and pointed straight out. He let her get a good look at it. He wasn't being cocky or arrogant. He appeared calm and patient as he said, "Before we go any further I wanted you to see me naked. This is my dick. This is as big as it gets."
She looked at his groin.
His pubes were trimmed. His cock was straight, normal-looking, and of average length. What it lacked was girth.
He looked chagrin as he said, "I won't be starring in any porn videos. If you're a size queen, I can get dressed and go. No hard feelings."
She stood and came to him. She looked up into his eyes while she cradled his unit in her right hand.
"Thank you for being honest with me. I'll be honest with you. There was a time when the size of a man's penis was very important to me. Now, I'm more interested in the man than his cock."
She squeezed his under-sized dick, smiled, and said, "I have a feeling you're a very good lover. If you're willing to take a chance on a hairy, small-breasted woman who always smells of chlorine, I'm willing to go to bed with a nice guy with a great physique and personality."
He embraced her, and they kissed.
He picked her up. She squealed as he carried her to her bed. He kissed her neck, brought his mouth to her breasts, and kissed the redhead's pink nipples.
"Oh," she moaned as she pulled his head to her chest.
He nuzzled her boobs, sucked her pointy nips, and said, "Mmm. Nice. Tasty!"
She laughed and then moaned as he focused on her tits. She said, "Ohhhh. That feels good."
He stayed, switching from one soft mound to the other, and gave her great pleasure. He was unhurried and appeared unconcerned about getting his needs met.
"Ohhh," she moaned as she let him please her. Sticky fluid wet her pubic hair and upper thighs. She moaned, giggled, and said "Fuck! I'll be washing these sheets. You're making me so wet!"
She pushed on his shoulders. He got off her, and she said, "My turn."
He lay on his back. She put her head between his legs and took his erection into her mouth.
"Ahh!" he groaned.
She did her thing: sucking, kissing, stroking, and licking his cock. She thought, "This is a nice dick."
He said, "You don't have to do that."
She pulled off and kept a firm grip on his penis. She smiled and said, "I know some girls don't like giving head. I'm not a prissy or selfish girl. I like dicks, and you have a nice one. It's pretty, it's clean, and it fits my mouth. You're not overwhelming me, and this BJ won't give me a sore jaw."
She kissed the head of his penis and said, "I won't pretend with you. I like sucking your dick, and I'm not going to stop until you cum in my mouth."
He smiled and relaxed; she went back to work.
Minutes later, he stiffened, groaned, and filled her mouth with cum.
She swallowed it, smiled, and winked. She cuddled against him.
After a brief rest, Taylor kissed her on the lips and said, "It's my turn to make you scream."
"Mmmm. I like the sound of that." She stretched out and spread her legs.
He smiled and studied her red bush. He touched the hair and said, "I love your fire crotch. Don't ever shave it."
She giggled and said, "I won't. I can't. It's against the by-laws of the Ginger Society."
"What?"
"I'm kidding. People act like all redheads know each other. As if we're members of a secret society or something. I'm beginning to like having a hairy pussy. Shaving it is a pain. My hairy legs and pits are another matter. I have to shave them as soon as I can."
She rubbed her lower abdomen and said, "I started shaving when hair appeared down there. I don't know why. My friends did too." She fluffed her pubes and said, "It's kind of nice. I'm open to keeping it. The minimal upkeep is a plus. As long as it doesn't mean I'll be missing out on oral sex."
He climbed between her legs and said, "I love giving oral sex. I make it a point that my partner cums before my dick goes into her vagina. You will not lack for oral gratification."
He dove between her thighs, parted her pubes, and showed her he knew how to eat pussy. He was relentless.
"Oh! Fuck!"
He stopped.
"Don't stop!" she begged.
"I'm just changing things to keep it interesting." He slid up and kissed her with messy lips.
She didn't object to tasting her essence.
"Oh!" she cried out in surprise as he touched her. At first, his fingers moved in a circle touching both outer lips and rubbing her clit. The pressure was just right.
"Ohhh. I like that. Most boys press too hard. You have a gentle touch and a smooth, easy motion."
"What do you think about this?" he asked.
He changed to a vertical motion. He put his index finger and middle finger on either side of her clit and pressed gently as he slid his fingers down. The fingers grazes both sides of her button and pulled on it slightly as they journeyed down.
"Oh!" she groaned. "That's a different sensation."
"Good?"
"Very good."
He fingered her, using the circular and up and down techniques. He penetrated her vagina and rubbed her G-spot.
Everything he did pleased her.
"Oh, God! Oh, God! Ohhhh!" she cried out as she spasmed and entered a world of bliss.
He smiled proudly and held her.
She was lost in pleasure. When she recovered, she smiled and kissed Taylor. She said, "That was fun."
She felt his erection pressing against her body. She grabbed it and said, "I'm glad he's back. Let's put it to good use." She stretched out on her back and spread her legs.
He said, "How about doggie-style or cowgirl?"
"Don't you like missionary?"
"I like everything. I was thinking of you. My partners seem to like positions that allow for deep penetration. Those make the most of what I have.
"Missionary works if I pin your heels behind your ears. Doggie style or girl-on-top might be better."
She climbed on top of him, grabbed his dick, and slipped it inside herself. She slowly sank down and sighed, "Ohh!" as she savored the feeling of being penetrated.
She said to herself, "Not bad. His dick provides a gentle stretch. Better than a dick so thick it hurts or is so long that it punches my cervix. He's very firm. I think this will work."
She rode him fearlessly because she had no worries that he'd hurt her. She found it fun and exhilarating to be so daring.
She leaned down, kissed him, and said, "This is great! I can do anything. Move anyway I want to, as fast and forcefully as I like."
"That's my motto 'Big enough to please, but it'll never leave you with a sore jaw or pussy"."
They shared a laugh.
She said, "Your dick is so hard! The erections of some guys aren't very rigid. It's firm enough to get inside a girl, but not solid enough to give us any pleasure. Your cock is as hard as a rock."
She returned to riding him, experimenting with angles and motions, and found herself getting off. She moved faster and shouted, "Oh, God. Oh, God! I'm cumming!"
She sat up tall and orgasmed.
Taylor thrust into her rapidly. He moaned and came inside her.
She slumped onto him, and he held her tight. They fell asleep.
They woke when the door to the room opened. They saw Jane and Jed peering around the door at them. Jessica automatically tugged on the sheet and covered her bare chest. She gave them an awkward smile and said, "Hi."
"Sorry to barge in on you," Jane said. "We knocked."
Taylor sat up and said, "I guess we fell asleep." He smiled sheepishly.
"Glad to see you two getting along," Jane teased. "Are you guys done, or should we come back?"
Jessica looked at Taylor and said in a voice lacking conviction, "Done for tonight, but maybe there'll be another time. A future date?"
"There definitely will be another date and hopefully another time like this."
He kissed her, and she hugged him tightly and kissed him back,
"We'll give you time to dress and say goodbye," Jed said. He and Jane backed out of the room and closed the door.
They waited in the hall for a few minutes. Taylor exited and said, "See you later. Jess is in the shower. You can go in."
They entered the room. Jane said, "I like Taylor. I'm glad he's interested in Jess."
"Yes."
They sat on the bed and kissed. They could hear the shower running. Jane smiled and said, "I'd like to hop in the sack with you, but my period has started."
"No problem."
She reached for his belt and unbuckled it. "I can still do things."
"It's okay. We don't have to have sex every time we see each other," he said. "Go talk to your roommate. I know you're dying to."
"You don't mind?"
"No."
They stood and kissed. Jed left, and Jane went into the bathroom and said, "So roomie, how was it?"
Jess had finished washing. She pulled the curtain aside, so she could see Jane and said, "Wonderful. He's an unselfish lover. I came twice!"
Jane glanced at the woman's naked body. She noted her smiling face and fit hairy body. She said, "Good for you!"
"Your hair wasn't a problem?"
"It wasn't a deal killer. He knew the swim team had sworn off shaving, and he was okay with it. He liked my bush."
"I know you like a big dick," Jane said. "How big is he?"
"His dick is an average length. It's thin. Thinner than most and certainly slimmer than I'm used to."
"Is that a problem?"
"Not really. He was honest and upfront about his equipment. He showed it to me and let me decide if we should have sex."
"That's was nice of him."
"His fingering and oral skills were outstanding. He has a rule. His partner gets an orgasm before he sticks his dick in her.
"That's different. Most guys rush to penetrate you as soon as possible. Whether you're ready or not."
"Yeah. As I said he was a kind, considerate lover. He made sure I enjoyed myself. He allowed me to pick how we had sex. He suggested positions better suited for his slim cock, and that maximize my pleasure."
"And did you enjoy him?"
"Yes. I didn't get that mind-blowing sensation you get when a big dick fills you and stretches you. I also never felt any pain.
"Thin dicks are a godsend when giving a guy a BJ," Jessica said.
"It was comfortable for me. No sore jaw from stretching my mouth around a thick cock. I didn't worry that his dick would scrap against my teeth. He fit in my mouth."
"That's nice. It's no fun sucking on a dick that's too big for your mouth," Jane said. "It sounds like you had a good time. He said he wanted to see you again."
"I know!" Jessica squealed. "Isn't it great!"
^^^
Betty Jo and Jim, Jane and Jedidiah, and Jessica and Taylor never made a formal announcement, but the couples were exclusive from the time they slept together, and they grew closer together as the weeks went by.
December passed quickly. There were games, meets, practices, classes, school papers to write, and exams to study for and take. And sex. Lots of great sex.
The Christmas holidays ruined everyone's sex life because the couples were apart. People went home to be with their families.
The first day back at school after the Winter break, Taylor and Jedidiah ran across campus. They met, by chance, at the front door of their girlfriends' dormitory.
"Hi, Taylor," Jed said. "Did you enjoy your vacation?"
"It was nice to see my family," Taylor said as he opened the front door and gestured that the other young man should enter. "I wish school had started sooner."
"Yes. Me too. I missed Jane."
They took the stairs two at a time and went to the second floor. Taylor knocked; Jessica answered and jumped into his arms.
"I've missed you!" she said.
Jed went to Jane.
The couples hugged and kissed. They complained about being apart and professed their love to their partners.
"Shall we flip a coin to see who gets the room first?" Jane asked.
"Nope," Jessica said. She dropped to her knees in front of her boyfriend and unbuckled his belt. She said, "You can go, watch us, or have sex in your bed. Taylor and I are not waiting another second."
Jessica pulled her lover's pants and underwear down. His erection pointed straight out from his body.
"Come to, mama," she said as she grabbed his slim unit and popped it into her mouth.
"Oh!" Taylor moaned.
Jed and Jane watched and smiled. Two minutes later, they were naked and lying on Jane's bed. They kissed and caressed each other's bodies.
Taylor stripped off his and Jess's clothing. They got on her bed and kissed and caressed.
Neither couple purposely put on a show for the other. They pleasured their partner and fulfilled their own needs and desires without a thought about the naked couple having sex five feet away from them.
They did glance over when they had a free moment, or one of the other parties moaned especially loud. They were voyeurs and enjoyed the view.
Taylor dove between his girlfriend's thighs and sucked on her clit.
"Oh!" she shouted, causing the others to look at her.
She let him pleasure her and then climbed on top of him so she could suck his dick. They sixty-nined.
Jed and Jane took a break and watched the other couple. Inspired by what they saw, they performed mutual oral sex with Jane on top. Her ass faced the other couple, and both looked her way and saw her hairy pussy and asshole.
Jessica was the first to climax. An active tongue and skilled fingers got her off. The others quickly followed, moaning loudly and enjoying their orgasms.
The group hung out in the room. They didn't bother to dress.
They talked while the guys got a second wind.
No one attempted to hide their bodies or objected to being kissed or groped in front of their friends. The voyeurs discovered they enjoyed being exhibitionists.
When the young men had erections, they fucked their women.
Jedidiah got on top of Jane, and Jessica got on top of Taylor. They kissed and gasped and cycled through a couple of positions.
The couples ended up facing each other having sex doggie style.
Jane screamed and climaxed first; Taylor was last.
The couples showered, dressed, and went to dinner. Afterward, the exhibitionists/voyeurs shared the room and had wild, orgasmic sex.
^^^
Betty Jo and Jim had a similar reunion. The horny adults banged each other with the energy and fervor of the college kids.
^^^
Everyone returned to the routine: school, practices, games, etc.
In January, the basketball team didn't perform well. They were never more than one game above .500. The women's swimming and diving team got on a roll and won all but one of their meets.
The couples saw each other as much as possible, and they sucked and fucked each other's brains out.
^^^Wednesday January 28, 2009^^^
Betty Jo stood in the locker room surrounded by her team after a meet with Fellow's College. It took her some time to get their attention because the swimmers were celebrating their victory.
"All right. All right," she said good-naturedly. "Quiet down."
The young women settled down.
"That was a nice win."
The team erupted in joyous celebration.
Betty Jo smiled and waited for them to finish. She said, "We've had a good run lately. As I've told you before, the season is just prep time for our biggest test, the conference championship. It's happening in TWO weeks, people!"
Her team chanted, "Win. Win. Win."
After the chant died out, the coach said, "That also means we are halfway through our tapering program, which is designed to have you physically peak at the championship. Two weeks ago. we increased your workload. Starting tomorrow, we'll reduce the time you are in the pool and the number of reps you do in the gym."
The young woman smiled and cheered.
"The reduced workouts will be intense," Betty Jo said. "When you're in the pool, everything will be done at race speeds.
"I'm also asking you to get at least one extra hour of sleep every night. I want you rested and strong heading into the conference championship."
She paced in front of her charges for a few seconds to capture their attention. She stopped, faced them, and said, "We have one more meet before the championship. Don't overlook Brookview.
"Good job today. Hit the showers."
^^^
Taylor, Jessica, Jane, and Jedidiah were hanging out in the women's dorm room. They discussed the win over Fellow's College. The guys congratulated their partners.
That discussion faded, and the couples focused on their partners. They sat on separate beds, spoke in low voices, had intimate conversations, and kissed.
Jed overheard something, turned toward the other duo, and said, "What's this new sex technique guaranteed to give the woman an orgasm?"
Taylor and Jessica looked at Jed. Their faces turned red. Taylor babbled, "Ah...Ah...Ah."
"Spill, bro," Taylor said.
"We were having a private conversation," Taylor said, sounding annoyed.
"We've seen each other naked and having sex," Jane said. "Why hide something from us now?"
Taylor took a deep breath, sighed, and said, "All right. You know my prick isn't very thick." His face turned a bright red color.
"I avoid certain sexual positions because I can't stimulate my partner. Missionary is one of them. Unless I put Jessica's ankles by her ears, she can't feel me inside her."
Jess patted his arm and gave him a loving, supportive look.
"I heard about a technique where smaller men can do a modified missionary position that will increase the likelihood their partner will cum."
"Could we do it too?" Jed asked. "I am all for Jane having lots of orgasms."
"Yes."
"Well..."
"It's called coital alignment technique or CAT for short. It was devised to help women who have a hard time achieving orgasms from vaginal penetration alone.
"During standard intercourse, the man penetrates the woman and thrusts in and out. This is great for the guy, but this action doesn't stimulate the clit of most women because the magic button is an inch or more above the vaginal opening where all the action is."
He held up his hands. He curled the fingers on the left hand to mimic a vagina and extended the index finger of his right hand. He poked the 'vagina' with his finger simulating the sex act.
He said, "Look familiar? Now imagine the base knuckle of my left index finger is a woman's clit. It is untouched.
"Someone got the bright idea of instead of ignoring a women's clit their partner should focus on it. We know in other positions, like girl-on-top, women get the stimulation they need. They don't get it from the man thrusting. They get it from grinding their clit on the man's pubic bone."
He pushed the finger of his right hand into his 'vagina' hand. He raised his right hand until it was at about a forty-five-degree angle.
"In my demo, you can see the man's penis is inside her. He's aligned the upper side of the base of his dick with her clit.
"Instead of driving his cock into her vagina, the guy presses against the woman. The goal is to rub against her clitoris.
"The man can do it by pressing or moving his hips in small circles. The woman gets the direct clit stimulation she needs to climax from his shaft or pubis bone."
His audience gave a collective, "Oh."
Taylor chuckled and said, "Some people refer to CAT as grinding the corn. The clit is the corn, and the guy is the millstone. The players move slowly and concentrate on..."
"Grinding the corn!" Jane said.
Everyone laughed.
"I want to try it," Jane said.
"Me too," Jessica added.
"Let's get warmed up and give it a go," Taylor said with a smile.
Everyone undressed.
Taylor's erection paled in comparison to Jed's.
The young women reclined on the beds. Their legs were bent at the knee, and their lower legs hung free. The guys knelt on the floor and stuck their heads into the furry masses in front of them. They soon had the women moaning and groaning, oohing and ahhing.
"Oh. I'm ready," Jane said. "How about you, Jess?"
"Ohhh. Yes."
The men backed off and wiped the juice off their faces. The women got in the middle of the bed. The men climbed on top and penetrated them.
"Oh!" the women sighed. Jane's moan was louder than Jessica's.
Taylor slid in, raised his torso, supported himself with his arms, and pressed his groin against his girlfriend's crotch.
"Oh!" Jess emoted in surprise. "Ohhh! I like it," she said.
Taylor stayed pressed against Jess. He moved his hips from side to side, rubbing her nub.
"Ohh. This is nice. I can see your face, and I definitely am getting good clitoral stimulation."
Jed and Jane watched the other couple. Jed was balls deep in his girlfriend's vagina. He moved his hips incorrectly. He pulled back and shoved his dick in.
"I don't feel anything different," Jane said.
Taylor looked over and said, "Jed, it's not an in-and-out motion."
"Okay."
"Press against her," Taylor explained.
Jed continued to move awkwardly, mainly thrusting.
"That's still not right," Taylor said.
Jed pulled out and got up on his knees. His slick dick glistened. He said, "I don't know what I'm supposed to do."
"It's easier than you think," Taylor said. "Want me to show you?"
Jane and Jed said in unison, "Yes."
Taylor got off Jess. He walked over to the other bed. His slim dick bounced with every step.
He looked at Jane and asked, "Is it okay if I touch you?"
"Uh-huh."
Taylor used his left hand to pull Jane's thick bush away from her clit. He got a better view of her sex. As his right hand pointed to and touched her button, he said, "Here's her clit. This is the target."
"Down here is the entrance to her vagina." He slipped his index finger into her hole and moved it in and out.
"When your dick's in here, her clit is being ignored. If you get higher on Jane, your pubis and the base of your cock will contact her magic bean."
Taylor demonstrated. He kept his finger in her pussy, and he changed the angle of penetration until the base knuckle of his index finger rested on her clit.
Everyone watched intently.
"If I move in and out, I lose contact with her clit," Taylor said, and he boldly fingered Jane.
He nestled his knuckle against Jane's button and kept his finger in her vagina.
He said, "This time, I'll stay against Jane's clit. and I'll push on it. I can also slide from side to side."
"Oh," Jane moaned. Her face turned red because another man was pleasuring her. She said, "That's nice. You're pressing on and rubbing my clit, and that's a good thing."
"I get it now," Jed said. "I push or grind on her with no thrusting."
"That's right."
"Okay, dude," Taylor said. "You can take your hand off my girl's pussy."
"Ah, sure," Taylor said. He pulled his hand away.
The men mounted their partners. They sunk their junk inside them and pressed their groins against their girlfriend's private parts. They gently pushed, relaxed, and pushed again. They barely moved, yet their woman sighed and moaned.
"This is easy when you know what you're doing," Jed said and laughed.
"Oh, Baby. You are doing it right!" Jane gushed.
Jed smiled. He began to grind on his girl. He moved his hips from side to side and in a small circle. The effect was the same, Jane moaned.
Jessica moaned too.
Taylor was doing the same moves and getting the same results. He raised his right hand to his nose and inhaled. He breathed in Jane's scent, smiled, and said to himself, "Nice." Then, he popped the soiled finger into his mouth.
Jed and Taylor continued to grind the corn.
The woman continued to moan. Eventually, they were pushed over the edge. The women groaned loudly as they orgasmed.
When the women climaxed, they thrashed around. The men dropped down to the regular missionary position, pounded their girl, and cried out as they ejaculated.
The room was filled with the smell of sex and the sound of heavy breathing.
After resting, Jane said, "We are definitely adding that to the repertoire."
"Do you mean having my boyfriend finger you?" Jess asked and giggled.
"No!" Jane answered. She frowned and added. "Jess, sometimes you're a real bitch!"
^^^Saturday February 7th^^^
There were no games this night. The three couples got dressed up, separately went out to dinner, and had a lovely time.
They returned to a private space to have sex. Betty Jo had her apartment. Jane was in her dorm room, and Jessica was spending the night in Taylor's dorm room. His roommate was visiting an out-of-town friend.
Betty Jo enjoyed her rough fuck. Taylor used the coitus alignment technique, and he gave Jess three orgasms. Jane sighed and moaned as Jedidiah rocked her world.
After brilliant orgasms, the women snuggled naked in bed with their beaus.
The three couples had a conversation similar to this.
Jane said, "Three days from now, I can shave! Yippee!!! Our conference championship starts on the eleventh. After five miserable months, I can finally get rid of this hair. I can't wait to shave!"
"Is it all going?" Jed asked as he petted her thick pelt of pubic hair.
She looked at him like he was crazy, "Of course."
"I know you're going to shave your legs and pits, but..." He stopped mid-sentence and gave her a lost puppy look.
"Do you want me to keep my pubic hair? All of it?" she asked incredulously.
"Why not? I think it's sexy, It adds a bit of mystery. What's under there? It also gives off a strong vibe that says 'I'm a woman. A confident woman. You better be on your game'."
"You're kidding right?"
"No."
"It would make my life easier," she mused.
She laughed and added. "It's a pain to shave down there. I worry about cutting my bits. Waxing is no panacea. It's expensive, painful, and embarrassing. That's not a body part I enjoy showing to strangers."
"I can imagine," he said. He caressed her pussy and said, "It's your body, and you can do what you want. I'm just saying I like your bush. If you're shaving it for me, don't."
"I'll think about it."
^^^February 9th^^^
The swim team had a light practice. Betty Jo gathered them together and said, "Ladies, tomorrow we leave to go to the conference championship. You've worked hard and have an excellent chance of winning. you'd be the first women's swim team to achieve this milestone."
The team hooted and hollered.
Betty Jo waited for them to settle down and said, "You've done everything I've asked. You've been diligent, dedicated, and have forgone shaving for months.
"That last part was hard for a lot of you. You've felt gross and unclean, and you've been embarrassed when others saw your hairy parts. The nightmare ends tomorrow! You finally get to shave."
The swimmers cheered.
Betty Jo sent her team to the showers with instructions to return tomorrow morning at eight o'clock.
Jessica and Jane had a quiet night with their boyfriends.
They purposely did not have sex. They were saving every ounce of energy for the championship.
^^^February 10th, 2009^^^
The Faber swim teams rode on buses to the hotel where they were staying for the conference championships. They had a light lunch of grilled fish or chicken and steamed vegetables.
Afterward, they went to the facility where the event was being held to get familiar with it.
They returned to the hotel, and Betty Jo gathered them in a small conference room where she said, "Ladies, tomorrow is the big day. I feel good! We can win this thing.
"You could be the first female team in school history to win the conference swimming and diving championship!"
The team chanted, "Win! Win! Win!"
Betty Jo waited for them to settle down and said, "You've done everything I've asked. "
She reached into the podium and pulled out a can of shaving gel and a pink razor. She held them above her head and said, "Our days of being hairy are over. Follow me to the pool changing room. We are shaving now!"
The swimmers cheered and followed her down the hall into the empty room.
"We are very hairy," Betty Jo said. "My leg and pit hair is an inch and a half long. My pubes are three inches. No razor was built to handle that. I've consulted the experts, and they told me that we need to use electric trimmers first and then shave.
She opened a locker and pulled out a box of trimmers. She said, "To get this done quickly, I suggest we use an assembly line process. We'll have different stations for different tasks."
She picked up two trimmers and said, "Missy and Georgina, come here.
"You're the pit crew. Everyone that wants to get rid of the hair under your arms, see these two, and they'll fix you up."
She handed them the trimmers, and they left.
"Jane and Jessica, step forward," the coach said.
They came to the front of the room.
"You two are our bushwhackers. I think everyone knows what you'll be doing."
Many laughed. Betty Jo chuckled and handed them their tools.
"Let's get started. Everyone strip," the coach said. She pointed to her right and said, "Pit crew, you're over here." She pointed to the left and said, "Bushwackers, set up over there.
"I'll leave the rest of the trimmers in the box. You can use them to do your legs. Hit all the stations you need, shower to soften the remaining hair, and complete the job with a razor."
She pulled a box out of a locker and said, "The shaving gel and razors are in here."
Everyone undressed, including the coach.
Betty Jo looked at her swimmers with pride. She noted the different skin tones. The variation in breast sizes and shapes. She sighed for those who were as flat as an ironing board.
She looked at her breasts, chuckled, and said to herself, "This is a rare event. I'm barely a C cup, yet I have the biggest boobs in the room."
Everyone was nude and chattering. Stacy approached the pit crew. Missy said, "Arms up." Stacy raised her hands over her head, and Georgina and Missy gave her underarms a buzz cut.
Stacy giggled and said, "That tickled. Thanks for the trim."
The next girl stepped up. The pit crew took care of her and all the rest quickly.
The line moved slower at the Bushwacker station.
Jess and Jane were mindful they were working in a tender area, so they moved slowly and cut carefully. The embarrassment factor added to their sluggish movements. They were rattled because sometimes they had to pull on a teammate's inner and/or outer labia to do their job.
While the swimmers waited for a turn at the stations, they trimmed the excess hair off their legs.
Eventually, everyone was in the shower softening their hair, except for Betty Jo, Jane, and Jessica.
"Thanks for shaving off all that pussy hair," the coach said. "I knew I could count on you to do a good job."
"You're welcome," the swimmers said.
Betty Jo picked up a trimmer and asked, "Want me to do you?"
"I haven't decided on a style yet," Jane said.
"Really?" the coach responded.
"I know it's silly," Jane said. "All my life I've been bald down there. You'd think it would be an easy decision."
Jess tugged on her red bush and said, "I kind of like my fire crotch. My boyfriend certainly does."
"It looks great," Betty Jo said. "It's thick and a lovely, unique color."
"Thank you," Jess said. "What about you, Coach?"
"I've grown to like my bush. The 'no upkeep' factor is a plus, and my guy likes it. I think I'll keep it. It needs shaping up."
She attached the guard that would only trim hairs over two inches long. She turned it on, and evened out her pubic hair.
"That looks good," Jess said. "Give me the same."
Betty Jo tidied up her red pubes.
"You look great. You've sold me on the womanly look," Jane said. "I'll have what you have."
The coach fixed her up.
The three hit the showers and followed up with razors to remove all traces of hair from their pits and legs.
The women returned to the showers to wash. Missy saw them and said, "Jane and Jess, what's up with the big bushes? Is it the 70s again?" She and others laughed.
"Boys like a hairless vagina," Georgina said. "No one is going to go down on you."
"My boyfriend likes me to look like a woman," Jane said.
"I get all the oral sex I want," Jessica said. "How about you? Oh, that's right. You don't have a boyfriend."
"Oh! That's a serious burn," Kilee said and laughed.
The insults stopped. Everyone got dressed. Many of the women put on short skirts and high heels. They had no place to go, but they wanted to celebrate their new hairless status and draw attention to their legs.
^^^February 11th^^^
The Faber team got to the pool before the events began. The coach wanted them to work off their nervous energy, so she had them jump into the pool.
"Wow! What's going on?" Stacy asked. "The water feels different."
"I feel fast," Missy said
"I feel like I'm gliding through the water," Jane said.
The coach laughed and said, "You feel faster and like you can move more freely in the water because you've been a hairy beast for five months. Now, you're a sleek, smooth missile, and you can fly through the water.
"Part of it is because you removed your body hair, and you have less drag. The reason the water feels different is that you have a heightened sensitivity.
"When you shaved, you removed hair and the top layer of your skin. Your nerves are closer to the surface of your skin. They 'feel' more and report more information to your brain.
"You have a new awareness of the pool water and can travel through it better. You feel faster. You are faster."
Betty Jo laughed and said, "This is why we shaved before the conference championship. Physically and mentally, you are peaking. You will post your best times, and you will win the championship!
The young women roared.
The event began, and it was like magic. The Faber women posted great times. Their confidence soared as they had personal bests, and they won races or placed higher than expected.
This continued into the second and third days.
The Faber team went toe-to-toe with the defending champions from Clarion College. They were slightly behind going into the final event, the four x 100-meter freestyle relay.
It didn't look good for Faber.
The woman anchoring the race for Clarion College was Alaina Bernard. Yesterday, she beat Jane in the 100-meter freestyle, and she set a conference record for the fastest time.
Missy was the lead-off swimmer for Faber that night in the final race.
A tense silence fell over the crowd as the swimmers mounted the blocks.
The first leg of the race set the stage for what was to come.
Missy, in lane 4, turned in a personal best of 50.51 seconds. She was outdone by a swimmer from Allegheny College who came in at 50.09. Amy Sullivan, the Clarion swimmer, finished in third place with a time of 50.91 seconds.
In the following two legs of the race, Faber passed Allegheny.
So did Clarion College. They were in first place. They also had Alaina Bernard, the best freestyle swimmer in the tournament, standing on the block, ready to bring home the win.
It looked bleak for Faber.
At this point, the race could have been over. Itshouldhave been over.
Jane had a three-quarter body length deficit leading into the anchor leg. She was given the herculean task of catching the woman who had set the conference record in the 100-meter freestyle.
Could physics save the day?
An object moving through air or water must overcome resistance. A second object following the first object encounters less resistance. Taking advantage of this phenomenon is called drafting. Race cars do it. So do runners and swimmers.
The best drafting position is directly behind the first party. You can also benefit if you're behind them and to the side. That's why geese fly in a V-shaped formation.
A benefit of drafting is, you can travel as fast as the swimmer in front of you with a greatly reduced effort. Drafting also allows the trailing swimmer to move at a pace he or she couldn't achieve on their own.
Drafting in a pool where everyone has an assigned lane is tricky.
You have to be in the right spot. If you're too close to them, the effect is negated. If you're too far behind, you're in their wash and must overcome additional resistance.
If you do it right, you can hitch a ride on the swell the leader is providing. You can use the energy you saved to pass the leader as you near the finish line.
Jane knew she was in trouble. Her team had put her behind in the race, and Alaina had proven she was better in a 100-meter race.
She decided to risk it and attempt to draft off Alaina.
When Jane dove into the water, she emerged right at Bernard's hip, putting her at the perfect spot to ride the massive rolling wake created by the record holder.
While Alaina churned her way down the first 50m of the final leg, Jane quite literally hitched a free ride, putting herself into position to stage an unlikely comeback.
At the 350 meter mark, the race looked over.
For all intents and purposes, it was over.
After all, nobody could predict what would happen next.
With 25 meters to go, Alaina began to tighten up, and Jane began to gain ground on her.
Stroke-by-stroke, breath by breath, they battled.
The two swimmers were nearly even coming in under the flags.
With Jessica, Missy, and Georgina on the blocks screaming for Jane, the swimmer from a podunk town in West Virginia barreled into the wall.
She barely surged past Alaina to win the relay race and the conference championship.
Her win touched off a firestorm of a celebration involving everyone with any affiliation with Faber College.
^^^February 14th^^^
Betty Jo, Jane, and Jessica were dressed to the nines for their Valentine's Day dinner with their boyfriends. Betty Jo wore a stylish jumpsuit. The coeds wore nice slacks and pretty tops.
Since the day is lovers, the couples went on separate dates to different restaurants.
Their hair was perfectly coiffured, the makeup expertly applied, and they showed as much cleavage as their bras could muster.
The night went something like this for all the couples.
"This place looks nice," Jane said after they were seated at their table.
"You look nice," Jed said.
"Thank you."
They had a great meal and conversation. There were smiles, compliments, gentle teasing, a lot of flirting, and sincere professions of love.
After dinner, Betty Jo and Jim went to his place. He pounced on her when they entered his house.
She found herself pressed up against a wall in the hall. He pulled her thong aside, got his dick out, and poked her randomly in the ass and on the thighs with his hard cock as he blindly attempted to find her honey hole.
Betty Jo giggled. Her snickering grew into raucous laughter.
"What?" Jim asked. "I thought you liked the first fuck rough." He took his weight off her and stopped prodding her.
Betty Jo turned and she smiled. She saw the befuddled look on the big, bearded man's face, caressed his cheek, and said, "I do, except tonight I don't."
His eyebrows shot up and his look of bewilderment increased.
"I know. It's confusing. I'm exercising my woman's prerogative to change my mind. I love you. Go into the bedroom, get undressed, and get in bed. I'll be in in a minute and reveal everything.
Jim opened his mouth as if to speak, stopped himself, and did as she requested.
As he sat up in bed, leaning back on a pillow, Betty Jo entered the room. She was wearing his robe and clutching the lapels to keep it closed. It was too big for her. She looked like a child wearing her father's robe.
She stood for a moment and then pulled the robe open and let it drop to the floor. She crossed her wrists and raised them above her head.
"Oh," the big man gushed as he looked upon her naked form. "You've shaved."
"Yes. I was hairy because I had asked my girls to stop shaving. I'm back to my usual state, almost." She giggled.
"Normally, my pussy would be as bare, sleek, and smooth as my legs and underarms, but you said you liked a woman who looked like a woman, so I kept it."
He got out of bed. A look of awe and wonder was on his face. He
checked her out from head to toe and said, "You're beautiful. Perfect. Thank you for keeping the bush."
He embraced her, and they kissed passionately.
"I look different, and I feel different tonight," Betty Jo said. "That's why I didn't want to be taken forcefully in the hall. Treat me like a lady and make love to me in your bed. Please."
Jim picked her up and brought her to his bed.
He explored her soft, smooth body. He kissed every inch of her. She felt beautiful and loved as he mounted her.
They made love missionary style.
They looked at each other's faces and into each other's eyes. They murmured loving words and came simultaneously. It was the biggest orgasm Betty Jo had ever experienced.
No Hollywood love scene could have been more moving.
^^^
Jessica brought Taylor back to her room and turned on the bright overhead light. She excused herself, saying she needed to use the bathroom. When she returned, she was naked.
"Ta-da!" she sang out and posed for her boyfriend.
"You've shaved! You look fabulous. Your legs are gorgeous!"
He rushed to her and kissed her.
After many passionate kisses, he dropped to his knees. He was eye-level with her thick red bush and smiled as he looked at it.
He asked, "Is this my birthday present?"
"Is today your birthday?"
"Yes. I'm a Valentine's Day baby."
"Then, yes this is your present. Instead of returning to my normal hairless state. I decided to keep this mass of hair for you because you said you liked it."
"I love it!"
Jess put her hands on the back of his head, spread her legs, and pulled his face into her crotch.
He nuzzled her nether region, and like a dog pursuing a bone, he rooted around in her pubes to find her nub and her gash. He found both. His tongue licked her slit and flicked her button.
"Ohh," she groaned.
She duckwalked backward to her bed. She kept her hands on his head and pulled him along. She sat on the bed, spread her legs wide, and pulled him in closer. She lay there moaning as Taylor ate her pussy until she orgasmed.
"Oh, God! That was wonderful," she exclaimed after a brief rest. "I'm never shaving my pussy!"
"Good," Taylor said. "I love your bush. I promise you will never lack for oral appreciation."
After they rested, Jessica lovingly sucked his slim cock.
She reclined, and Taylor mounted her.
He assumed a position resembling yoga's upward-facing dog pose. His head was high; his pubic bone was against her clit. He ground his groin against her clit.
"Oh. Oh. Oh," she moaned. "That feels so good. Baby, I'm close. So close to coming."
"Go ahead."
"I want my guy to take me. Hard and fast. Let's change positions."
He pulled out and got off her.
She got on her hands and knees. She wiggled her firm, flat ass and said, "Show me no mercy. Pound my ASS!"
Taylor didn't have to be told twice!
He knelt behind her and energetically fucked her doggie style. He gave her the deep penetration and vigorous fucking she was craving.
They found joy.
She came; he came. They collapsed on the bed.
^^^
In preparation for the perfect Valentine's date, Jedidiah had paid his roommate twenty bucks to disappear for the night. He cleaned the room and put fresh sheets on his bed.
He and Jane went to his room. He opened the door, turned on the overhead light, and said, "Wait here."
He rushed into the room and turned on a string of white lights that softly illuminated his bed. He returned to Jane, turned off the harsh ceiling light, and said, "Now you can come in."
They entered. She said, "I like your mood lighting. It's very romantic."
"That was the idea.".
They kissed.
"Aren't you full of surprises," she said. "You got rid of your roommate, took me to a nice restaurant, and we have romantic lighting...I have a surprise for you."
"What is it?"
"I'll show you. First, sit on your bed and close your eyes. I'll let you know when you can open them."
He sat and closed his eyes.
Jane undressed. She stood naked in front of him and said, "Okay. You can look."
Jed's mouth fell open, his eyes grew wide, and he said, "You shaved! Wow! You look great."
He came to her, and they kissed several times. All the while, his hands were exploring her body. He caressed her back and groped her ass. On the way to grabbing her boob, he slid his hand in her armpit to confirm what his eyes had told him. She had removed all that hair.
He knelt and ran his hands over her legs and said, "You're so soft and so smooth."
He looked up at her face, smiled, and gushed, "You kept your bush!"
"Do you like it?"
"I love it!"
He stripped off his clothes.
They fell into his bed. He did the regular things. He kiss her lips, caressed her breasts, and sucked on her hard nipples.
"Oh," she moaned.
She pushed him away and said, "Let's take advantage of my new state. Get on your back."
He did.
Jane lay on top of him and rubbed her smooth, nude body on his body. She used her whole body to give him a massage. She slid back and forth over his body.
He reached for her and tried to put her on her back.
"No. I'm doing all the work. You lay there,." she said. "Got it?"
He nodded.
She got on her knees and dragged her breasts over his face, chest, and legs.
He let her tease him. He kept his hands off her.
He did capture a nipple with his mouth. She allowed him to suck it. Then, she moved on, dragging her soft tits and hard teats over other parts of his body.
She did the same with her newly hairless legs. She sat beside him and used them to caress him everywhere.
"Do you like the feel of my smooth hairless legs?"
"I love them!"
She got on her knees, straddled his right legs, and rubbed it with her hairy pussy. She worked her way from his ankle to his thigh. She straddled his waist rubbed her pussy against his erection which was lying on his belly. She buffed his stomach and chest and left a snail trail.
She knee-walked up his torso and planted her hairy pussy on his face. She giggled and asked, "Was not shaving my pussy the right thing to do?"
"Yes." His response was muffled.
"Prove it!"
Jedidiah nuzzled her furry sex. Like a dog searching for a bone, he rooted around in her pubes, searching for her clit and gash. He found them; he licked her slit and flicked her nub.
"Oh!" she moaned over and over again because he didn't stop until she spasmed and climaxed.
After a rest, Jane giggled and said, "You've convinced me. I don't want to be a sterile, pristine version of feminine beauty. Someone who is waxed to the max.
"I want to be a real woman: sensual, passionate, earthy, authentic. Real women are loving and compassionate. They're smart, confident, and can take care of themselves.
"However, they realized that life is better when you open up and let others in. You invite friends into your life. If you're lucky enough to find that someone special, the one who completes you, you invite him into your bed.
"I love you, Jedidiah," Jane said.
"I love you, Jane," he responded.
They kissed.
"You're keeping the bush, right?
"I'm keeping my lady garden."
The End
P.S. If your like 'Hairy' women check out my story "Hairy Christmas"