Mia Murcia is a 27-year-old Colombian migrant, and ambitious "Ultimate Battle of the Sexes" wrestler, living in the New England region of North America. This series follows her trials and triumphs in the corporate cyber-future of the states, where one bad deal or unlucky day could land you in contracted sexual servitude to repay your debts.
She and her biologically enhanced brother, Manny, fight and fuck their way through life inside the ring, and out - alongside a colorful cast of friends and foes who are equally committed to dominance and survival. It's skill or fill in 2069, and the threadbare leash of mercy frays a little more each day.
***
Disclaimer: This is a work of fiction. While the story may refer to real places, none of the scenes depicted have any relation to past or current people and events. Names, characters, business, events and incidents are the products of the author's imagination. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, or actual events is purely coincidental.
Kink warnings: sexual slavery, sexual aggression, dubious consent
All sexually-active characters are 18+
(Feedback welcome and appreciated! But dislike doesn't need to be insulting. If this isn't your bag of bananas that's cool, no need to squash them up for everyone else.)
*****
Chapter 1
Riya Commons Shopping Center
Kendall Park, New Jersey
June 15th, 2069
3:47 P.M.
"Oh please! Please cover me!" The spunky ginger chained outside the dessert shop whined, bouncing on her knees while a couple of graybeards jerked off in front of her. She had fat, freckled titties and a round, mascara-streaked face. Her feet were shackled to a concrete post, but she had free use of her hands, and enough slack in her restraints to move around a bit.
The geezer to her right popped first, sending a thick, white ribbon up her forehead and into her fiery frizz. She squealed with delight and stuck out her tongue, catching the next rope up her nose and a third against the back of her throat. As she choked on that creamy bullseye, the other old-timer pressed his saggy cock head to her cheek and spilled a sackful of slime down her chin that plopped onto her wobbling cleavage. She shivered and cooed, wearing an expression of sloppy bliss while her donors zipped up and went inside the store.
"Guess they like both kinds of frosting," Manny remarked as we passed the sign for "DeeDee's Sweet Treats" at the start of the strip mall.
"Think she's DeeDee?" I asked, half-kidding, while the ginger lifted her tits to her wet mouth for cleaning.
"Nah, just promo - there's a different girl out there every time I come here." Manny was taking me to one of his regular mod shops to look at spring-jaws, after what we'd witnessed in Allie's match against Brawnswick the month prior. If that huge fuck had impaled me like he did her, I'd have been slurping liquefied meals for the rest of my life. So, even though spring joints were hella pricey, I decided to check out some options.
We sauntered through a pair of gliding sensor doors into "Rico's Home of Chrome," which looked a bit like a fancy pawn shop on the inside. There were glass cases all over, displaying shiny synthetic replacements for all manner of human parts. Knees, eyeballs, whole entire arms - and most prominently: big, floppy phalluses. Manny led the way to the counter at the far wall, where a tall, gangly Caribbean man with greasy black hair was tapping away at a glowing keyboard.
"¡Rico! ¿Que haces?" Manny dropped his hands onto the clear countertop, grinning like a wolf. He was wearing skinny chinos that wrapped his thighs like a second skin, and a stylish linen shirt with the top buttons left open.
"Manuel, been a minute," the owner greeted my brother with a few palm slaps and knuckle taps, leaning onto the counter and chewing what looked like a tiny screwdriver. He regarded me with a nod, eyes never traveling down from my cropped green sweater.
"This is my sister, Mia - she's looking for that spring joint I mentioned," Manny gripped my shoulder and continued playfully, "she's all grown up and looking to mod like the big boys."
"You're big everywhere except in here," I tapped his temple, below the silvery access points where his brain connected with his internal components. Rico snuffed at that.
"Sure, sure - to be honest I don't carry alotof femme-lete gear, here. But I have some spring joints in from Taiwan you can check out, back row on that side," he pointed to a section behind some tall shelves and I nodded.
"I'll meet you there, Mimi - wanna see about this damn knee," my brother lifted the offending joint, and Rico invited him around the counter. I meandered past collections of low-tech prosthetic limbs, shelves full of neatly-wrapped biocables, and a bunch of scanning equipment for at-home checkups. The wall Rico had indicated seemed pretty neglected in comparison with the rest of the store, showcasing just a handful of cheap-looking lube dispensers, some gaudy anal tail inserts, and the spring joints I was looking for.
They looked small and unimpressive, sitting there on the broad white shelf behind the locked glass doors. I frowned at the appearance of their quality - or lack thereof. I was about to go back to the front and tell Manny to forget it, when a silky voice surprised me.
"You don't want this guy's cheap crap, you'll end up with an implant infection and no warranty," a short-ish woman with her hair pulled into two little black buns was inspecting some eye implants on the shelves across from the spring joints.
"I'm sorry?" I looked at the tattoos I could see on her slender arms - an empty birdcage on one, and some Latin writing on the other.
"Don't be. Mods are expensive, anyone selling them cheap is a hustler." The woman turned and looked me over with pretty, brown, Asian eyes. There didn't seem to be a pupil in the irises, just a cozy, chocolate disc adrift in a clean white pool. "I'm Lane," she extended a graceful hand, "I've got a shop down the way"
"Mia," I clasped her soft hand with my callused one, "do you sell mods too?"
"Sort of - I deal more in decoration than utility. But there's always some overlap. Wanna take a look?"
"Uh, sure - yeah," I swiped some hair from my face and then followed as she headed for the door. "Manny! I'll be back in a few!" I called toward the counter where Rico was bending my brother's leg and listening for grinding.
"Oh, okay!" Manny waved, and I exited the store behind my mysterious new friend. She wore a simple, Boho-chic dress that wrapped her slim torso like a layer of bandages and fluttered around her legs on a wind I could hardly feel. In one hand she carried a little yellow clutch purse, and her nails sparkled in the sunshine. We passed a few knick-knack stores and restaurants, and wound up at the very last set of doors at the edge of the plaza. The distorted, glowing sign said "Bod-azzle by Lane" and had a sharp-winged holographic butterfly floating around the letters.
Directly inside the automatic doors was a beaded curtain, and as we passed through that I gazed around an artistic oasis of colorful walls and collections of jewelry suspended from invisible threads. Many pieces appeared to form the shapes of women who weren't there, but there were also a number of nude ladies walking around and helping customers. They had tasteful rhinestones patterned into various limbs, and headdresses that concealed their faces like desert belly dancers.
"Your store is run by Pets?" I asked, watching a curvy black woman guide an older lady to the back. Her charcoal limbs were traced by a single, gold filament that bisected them down the fronts and the backs.
"They're not Pets, they're employees," Lane said, as we passed through the store and headed for another curtain off to the side. I wasn't sure of the difference - all Pets were "employees" they just didn't usually get to do much besides service dozens of sweaty cocks all day.
We entered a very small workshop with a couple of tables inside. One was low and wooden with a chair behind it, and was covered in gems and fitting tools and magnifying scopes. The other was tall and metal and had nothing on or around it except for a black high-top stool. Lane rounded the wooden table and bent over a rolling cabinet to pull open a few drawers, humming to herself as I stepped up to the other side of the waist-high, glittering field. Lots of the pieces looked unnatural, like they had been formed together from broken parts, rather than shaped down from larger gems. I wondered if they were fake, or if it was some kind of niche art style I wasn't aware of.
"Here we go," Lane said, standing to inspect a pair of immaculate chrome springs connected to some polycarb struts. They looked incredibly high quality, and she turned to hold them out to me.
"These are... these look really pro," I said, viewing them closely and running my fingers over the tightly-wound curls of metal.
"They are. Ten times better than what you'll find at Rico's place." She sat in the chair and started organizing some of the materials on the table.
"They probably cost ten times as much, too."
"Yup, $7,000 each," she didn't look up as she said it, just scooted some sparkly crystals into a neat pile near one of the scopes.
"I can't afford that, at least not all at once," I frowned. I was making decent money in the ring, but I wasn'tmadeof money, no matter how much I wanted to enhance my abilities or safety. And I'd have to pay for the actual implantation on top of the mods themselves.
"Well, you can always work for them."
"What, like be indentured to you?"
"In a sense, yeah."
The nerve of this bitch. Like I was going to become one of those glittery fucktoys walking around her shop with my tits out just to pay off some spring joints.
"I'm not a Pet," I rolled my hand over to dump the springs onto her table and turned to leave.
"I'm not looking for a Pet - I want to sponsor you." Lane stopped organizing her wares and leaned back in her seat. I paused, confused, and looked back at her. "I know who you are, Mia."
"So? You have a TV, congratulations. Why not just pick up the phone?"
"I wanted to meet you in person. To see you for myself."
"Cut the crap, what do you want?"
"To sponsor you, like I said. Unless you're married to Tauren Energy - I'm sure you enjoy the free cases they must give you as part of your deal."
Tauren had been sponsoring me for a couple of years, after I made a good impression in my freshman U.B.S. season. But I didn't even get free drinks from them - just the benefit of "brand recognition" from fans of their product. I folded my arms and tried to figure the viper-like woman seated across from me.
"Why?" I asked.
"Because, you're fierce. And beautiful. And you don't give up."
"So you want to hitch your brand name to my wagon."
"That's how all sponsorships work, right?"
"Yeah - but I don't think sex-wrestling fans are really your target audience, are they?"
"Sure they are, everybody has Pets these days. Especially beer-swilling fanboys with too much money. I'm sure they'd love to add some sparkle to their toys, if for no other reason than to brag about them."
So it was a Pet jewelry store. That explained the naked "employees" showing clients around. I didn't love the idea. I didn't really want to be associated with Pets, and I didn't think Lane's brand would really bring me any recognition. It was just a strip plaza corner store between highway exits. But... the spring joints. And I really didn't give a shit about Tauren.
"How long would it take to work off the springs?" I stepped forward again to look at them on the table.
"Maybe eight months. Less if you bring in good business, and then you can dump me off your back if you want." Her chocolate discs searched my scowling face. She was cool, but not quite an ice queen. I didn't get the sense that she wanted to fuck me over - I just couldn't quite figure outwhatshe actually wanted. I doubted that it was just to sell Pet decorations. But worse terms had been set by greater devils in the past. If there was any paperwork, I'd have Mackey triple check it to make sure I didn't end up in some rubber stocks somewhere.
"Okay," I said finally. "How do we get started?"
Chapter 2
Marriott at the Navy Yard
South Philadelphia, Pennsylvania
July 1, 2069
7:22 P.M.
Fucking Pennsylvania. Even though I was just barely across the chemical-laden waters of the Delaware, I felt far from home, and dirty. My upcoming match would serve as a little Independence Day appetizer, and thus didn't merit a billing at either of the New York arenas, or even a flight to Miami or L.A. Manny drove us the hour it took to get to South Philly, and U.B.S. put us up in some Courtyard suites.
They booked suites for Mackey as my trainer, and Lane as my new sponsor, too. Tauren wasn't exactly sad to see me go, as there were plenty of more fitting wrestlers out there to latch onto. And the reps they sent were always amped up psychoboys, anyway - so I didn't think I'd miss them much, either. Lane said she'd never been to a match before, and didn't sound thrilled about all the noisy spectators. I told her it came with the territory, and that unless she wanted to send one of her "employees" to rep the store, she'd just have to deal.
My jaw mods had healed up nicely in just a couple of weeks, but I was still weirded out by the sensation of springiness - and how wide I could suddenly open my mouth. Manny had a gas daring me to take bigger and bigger bites of food, until a triple-decker sandwich unhinged my jaw briefly and I freaked, spilling the sandwich across the diner table. As quickly as the hinge popped loose, it pulled back into place, but I held my hands to the sides of my face in fearful disbelief for a good five minutes after.
The night before the match, we sat around the ambient lighting of the huge outdoor pool rehearsing plans.
"Now, O'Neill ain't a doormat, like Abbadon was - this boih's Borg-tier," Mackey leaned forward on a luxurious, micro-mesh lounge chair, with his fingers loosely knit between his knees.
"I know, I know - and he's a transplant, and they do things different in the Euro-Union, and keep my guard up," I didn't mean to sound impatient, I'd just probably heard the sentiment eleven times since the commission had set up the match. Special migrant access was sometimes granted to major and minor celebrities, or anyone else from another country that might put clout or money in the invisible hands that pulled the strings of the I.S.A.
I was leaned back on my lounge chair, scanning the scattered throngs of other hotel guests swimming and relaxing around the pool. Manny had gone to the bar, and Lane was busy with phone calls in her room. So I listened to Mackey's reminders and toyed with the drawstrings of my flowy, silk top. With my ankles crossed on the micro-mesh seat, fewer guys were staring directly at my bare snatch. Fewer, but never zero.
"He's gonna have some moves you're not familiar with - maybe some ah'm not even familiar with," Mackey was looking at me, not the other guests.
"Like what?" I turned my face to him.
"Just said ah'm not familiar," he gave me a tired smile. "Just stay on your toes, No-no." He agreed that my moniker was dumb, but pointed out that most things in the sport were dumb when you thought about them too much, and liked to tease me with the little nickname. He had a playful side, beneath all that wisdom and mystery. And could be very charming during the rare bits of downtime we had together. I knew we'd never be best friends, or tell each other all our secrets, but I appreciated his presence and his support all the same.
I stuck around the pool for a bit after Mackey headed up to his room, then retired to my suite with Manny when the cleaning Pets came around to start straightening up for the night. The league wouldn't shell out for my brother to have his own suite, even if he was my chauffeur, but it's not like we were unused to sharing space. When I swiped into our luxurious pad, my brother was getting his huge, dark dick sucked on the horseshoe sofa. Well, "sucked" is generous - a chubby white girl with a bright red side-cut was struggling to get her mouth around his huge, flared head, and pumping his shaft with both hands.
"Oh, shit hey Meem - sorry thought you were still down by the pool," Manny leaned his head over the back of the couch but didn't make the girl stop. She was working hard, bobbing between his knees, and only peeked up to see who'd come in.
"I was. Gonna get ready for bed, though. Should get some sleep for tomorrow." I drifted by the couch toward the bathroom as the suckling sounds turned to intermittent gagging. I'd seen my brother get head before - both inside the ring and out. At least out here he wasn't pinning the girl's head to a mat with his v-cut hips. And for once I'd get first crack at the shower, so I decided to take full advantage of that. While I was conditioning my hair I heard the frame of the couch creaking from some undoubtedly extreme sex position, and then a mingling of guttural yells as Manny creamed his fangirl with probably the biggest load she'd ever receive in her life.
When I eventually came out of the bathroom the girl was gone, and Manny was on the phone with room service. The ring at the center of the horseshoe sofa was puddled with white slime, and I made sure to remind him in the morning that he was paying for any cleaning fees.
Chapter 3
Lafayette Highrise Apartments, #1403
Trenton, New Jersey
July 1, 2069
10:43 P.M.
The red rope tied around her ponytail, and looped over a beam on the ceiling, was connected at the other end to a shiny, silver hook - the tip of which was lodged up her asshole. She knelt cautiously that way in front of her owner, tonguing his balls while he jerked off against her face. Her full, pale tits wobbled against his knees in the middle of the living room.
She wanted him to cum, so badly. Not because she craved it, or because he would enjoy it - but because she was sore all over, especially in her neck and tight, abused pucker. She looked up at him with smudges of black makeup all over her face, but his eyes were closed while he imagined somebody else. She kept tonguing, nuzzling her face into the tangy sourness of his crotch while his fingers beat against her nose and forehead.
"Open," he breathed, finally looking at her, and she opened her mouth wide. But he hadn't meant her mouth. He moved his free hand to pry her eyelid open, and pointed the head of his cock right at the pink iris hovering there. She wanted to blink and pull away when the first gush of cum flooded her vision, but he would surely think of something worse to follow his orgasm if she did.
Chapter 4
DynaBank Center Arena
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania
July 2, 2069
8:23 P.M.
"Do the lockers smell like this at every arena?" Lane rested a shoulder against the cold metal cubes where we competitors stored our clothes during matches. She had on a long, sleeveless, yellow frock dress, and it looked like she'd cut and hemmed the skirt into broad slats herself. They'd danced over her legs above her black platform heels on the way into the building.
"As ah matter of fact they do, Ms. Tran," Mackey tapped my foot to swap it for the other one atop his knee, as he lightly rolled each ankle to loosen them up. I sat on the broad, lacquered bench, trying to finish the messy twin hair braids that joined together at the nape of my neck.
"Here, let me," Lane pushed off of her perch, and stepped behind me to cinch the braids together, tying them off neatly with just a short, brown tail leftover. I'd never had someone in my entourage who knew anything about women's hair. If I'd thought about it I probably could have saved some time that morning trying to do it all myself in the mirror.
Manny wasn't allowed to join me in the lockers, even though he was a masc-lete, so he was waiting in his V.I.P. box seat along the front row of the half-drunk crowd. My nipples were like pinpricks in the frigid air of the arena's back stage, and I couldn't wait to get warmed up out in the ring. I was always more comfortable out there than anywhere in the "real" world, but also kind of wanted to get the whole thing over with. O'Neill wasn't a familiar face. I didn't know anyone who'd wrestled him before, since he'd only been in the country for a couple of months.
"No-no. Hey. Mia," Mackey pinched my toe and I blinked back to attention. "Unclench that jaw, you're aw-right." He looked through me with those deep-set eyes and I nodded, relaxing my shoulders too. He let my foot down and rose to grab my hooded, short red robe from the hanger, holding it open for me. I stood and slid my arms into it, then flipped the hood over my braids and headed for the ring.
" ... hailing from just across the river in Trenton, New Jersey, with a record of 51-75, tonight's femme-lete competitor is a scorcher from south of the border. Standing at 5'9" and weighing 195 pounds, put your hands together for Mia 'No' Murciaaaaaaa!" Lester's voice reverberated through the dim tunnel behind the arena entrance, and I took my cue. A synth-rock cover of "La Rebelion" filled the speakers overhead as I descended between the railings of cat-calling and jeering fans, stretching their arms out to try for a high-five or a grope of my full, fleshy ass.
Lane trailed a few steps behind Mackey and I, gazing around at the sea of hollering faces. I maintained focus on the sight of my stool ahead, and the mat beyond it, distantly feeling the cool metal of the floor grates beneath my feet. When I reached the center of the arena, I bowed my head and signed the cross, before sliding out of my robe and raising it high in a tightly closed fist. I turned to face Manny, who was on his feet, clapping and whistling beside some other sponsors and league V.I.P.s, then I settled into my stool. The music transitioned to some lively strings and pipes, and Lester introduced my opponent.
"And fresh off the boat from Letterkenny, Ireland - the man with the magic hands, bringing a Euro-Union record of 110-50, and a mouth like a motor - Cormac O'Neeeeeiiiillllll!"
A flame-haired knot of muscles and blue tattoos came trotting down the opposite ramp, with just a patterned towel draped over his shoulders. He was tailed by a tall brute in a flat cap, and a short, hairy man wearing a lanyard that said "Donnie Draught." Lane was not about to drape a tacky-looking piece of plastic around her neck, so she convinced the organizer to let her bring a holo-banner instead. She raised it behind me and set it to rotate slowly, as O'Neill reached his seat.
The rowdy Irishman whipped the towel from his neck and whirled it overhead, spittle flying from his wiry-bearded lips as he shouted to amp up the crowd up. He was hard-bodied and sinewy, and his cock looked to be a ribbed 9 inches, swinging from his taut pelvis. He had a light tuft of coppery pubic hair, which meant he wasn't fully synthetic down there. The ref appeared at the edge of the mat - an ash-haired black man in the stock black and gold jersey - and signaled us to meet him.
"You know the drill folks - no ring-outs, no breakers, Mercy means hands off. Y'all got the same deal in the Union, yeah?" The ref looked at O'Neill, and he nodded, shifting in place like he was overflowing with energy. I was timing my breaths to slow things down, and met his eyes when he looked at me. He seemed intimidating, but not necessarily cruel. At least from first blush. The ref sent us back to our teams, and Violet strutted out with her gold heels and "ROUND 1" sign.
She was my favorite ringside girl. Maybe because she looked a little like an alternate-reality version of me. An hourglass Latina with long, silky black hair and natural, bubbly tits. Her hips swelled and sloped like wind-smoothed desert dunes, and she had these big, dark eyes that drove fans crazy. As she clacked around the metal bannisters in front of the crowd, a guy stood up right as he finished stroking and volleyed a rope of cum through the air that splashed down the front of her thigh. Ever the professional, she just winked at him and finished her lap.
Mackey reminded me about the guy's quick hands, and sent me back in. The ref nibbled his whistle into his mouth, raised his arm, and let it fall. O'Neill immediately dropped his head to rush me, and I sidestepped, but he caught my right leg and tried to haul me off my feet. My tits mushed against the back of his short-cropped hair, and I shifted to loop an arm around his neck. When he slammed me to the mat I had his ears locked between my ribs and bicep, and worked my free leg to get it around his waist. He pushed a palm into the mat and with a surprising amount of strength for a guy his size, and flipped us both over so that I lost my grip.
I snaked my leg free and pushed a heel into his hip so that I could roll away, but he caught my foot and I didn't get far. He climbed to one knee as he tried to reel me in, and I spun onto my back to get my bearings. Looking up from my position on my elbows, I saw the ridges of his cock expand and swell - turning 9 relatively slender inches into 13 bullfrog-thick ones. Son of a bitch was a grower, not a shower. I planted my free foot and used the leverage to rip my ankle from his grip, before rolling to a stand with a few beads of sweat forming on my brow.
O'Neill stood too, and flexed the blue symbols covering most of his torso, as he stalked toward me with hands prepared. He dove for my leg again and I dropped onto my back to catch him in a pincer grip between my thighs, with one arm trapped against his ribcage. I rolled him once like a feeding gator, and his modded dick slapped against my calf after being buried into the mat. Pressure like that would have been the end for a regular cock, but for O'Neil it was just uncomfortable enough to distract him for a moment.
I shifted my weight and seized his free arm, trapping it beneath my armpit, then I reached down with my one unoccupied appendage and grabbed his cock. We were twisted up like a gym-addicted pretzel when I started stroking his shaft at a frenzied pace. I gripped it tight, and made sure to catch the sensitive frenulum on every upstroke, as he writhed beneath me and tried to roll me off. He cursed in a folk tongue I didn't understand, and then hooked a heel high enough in the air to get it behind my head.
Never had I seen such flexibility from a masc-lete - they were nearly always brawny tanks who took a scorched earth approach to wrestling. So when he hooked me toward his crotch to loosen my grip on him, I had to improvise. I still had his cock gripped in my fist, and as his arm began to slide free from my pit, I jammed my face down on his shaft.
"Wow, Murcia is really going for it down there! These two are a spry pair, and it may well come down to who starts running out of steam first," Tony's voice echoed through the arena over the screaming of fans demanding blood and cum. O'Neill's cock plunged halfway down my throat before the absurdly thick center mass maxed out my jaw. I gagged loudly and felt warm streams of drool trickling from my lips to soak his balls, before he wrenched his arm free behind me.
I still had him wrapped in my powerful legs, even though I was bent forward at a pretty extreme angle. And with his ankle still locked behind my head, I felt him grab at my braids.
"If at's a teste ye're wantin' - ah've got ye," he strained before using his shoulder strength to push my head down further. I let out an involuntary little belch as my eyes watered heavily - and then my new springs did their thing. My jaw popped free, still connected by Lane's high-quality mod, and my face barreled toward O'Neill's balls. He let out a surprised groan of pleasure, tossing his head back, and I threw up a little bit from the abrupt, incredibly deep penetration. My nose burned and started to run from the acidic backwash, but I still managed to seize the opportunity.
Not many Org-tier femme-letes had spring implants, and O'Neill clearly thought he was just going to Mercy choke me down there. But his control evaporated as his huge cock twitched in my throat, and I started pumping my head up and down.
"Ah... feck... me," he contorted, trying to get a hold of my braids again. My throat gurgled and spilled over his massive cock as I worked him up, face a runny mess and jaw dragging a moment behind each of my movements. I felt his leg start to shake behind my head, either from fatigue or pleasure, and I knew I needed to free myself soon. I bottomed out one more time, so that my nose was buried deep into his slimy ballsack, then hauled my face from his crotch and started stroking madly.
"O'Neill is definitely in trouble here - you can see him clenching his teeth, trying to hold back under Murcia's oral assault. But that was an impressively committed milking he just endured there," Lester grinned. My hand felt like it would cramp as it flew over the meaty barrel of his shaft, but I held him in place and kept tugging until he finally popped.
A heavy blast of hot, stringy jizz splattered beneath my chin, soaking my chest and forcing O'Neill to release my head. I quit stroking and tilted the slit away so that the rest of his arcs of cum fired across the mat to the delight of about half the crowd. After the third splatter the ref blew his whistle and I let go of my spasming pleasure victim. When I got back to my stool Mackey held a squeeze bottle over me, and I opened my mouth to catch the stream of cool water.
"How's that jaw feel?" He smirked.
"Still weird... but useful," I panted, returning his mischievous look. I still had cum and slime hanging from my chin and coating my chest, and my face was an overheated smear. Lane rounded my stool with a damp cloth and began wiping away some of the mess.
"You don't have ta-" Mackey started but she cut him off.
"It's okay, I'm used to it," she looked me over after removing the cloth, seeing if she missed anything, then nodded and walked over to where Manny was sitting. He opened a black duffel for her and she tossed the used cloth inside, swiping her hands down the side of her dress. Manny smiled at me, holding up a fist, and I smiled back.
***
In the second round, I grappled with O'Neill for a solid fifteen minutes, before letting him think he'd worn me out. I panted excessively as he crawled over top of me with my back on the mat, and I kept my ankles tucked between my hamstrings and his quads, as he rutted ten hot, Irish inches into my guts. I even did some deceptively patronizing whimpering to really get his rocks up, before flipping his world over.
When he bucked his hips and cursed with pleasure, I kicked my legs up hard, so that his feet flew into the air and his cock yanked free from my snatch. He shot one rope up my belly before thudding down into his own, and bathing my smushed ass cheeks with the rest of his load. He looked incredibly dejected when the ref called the match in my favor, but he still shook my hand before leaving the ring.
I was tingling all over from a two-round knockout against a Borg-tier opponent, and hardly even remember getting back to the locker room or showering. I didn't really "come to" until Manny was driving us home around midnight, sailing along the highway with the windows rolled down.
Chapter 5
Stamford, Connecticut
July 3, 2069
7:14 P.M.
"I don't care that he's new to the league, this isn't the image that headquarters is looking to project."
"So what do you wanna do about it, not count the win?"
"Obviously it's too late for that. We need to retake control of the narrative. Dim the shine a bit with some dirt."
"Like dig something up?"
"No, fresh dirt works better. Pull up the projected schedule for the year."
Chapter 6
Rutgers University, College Ave Campus
New Brunswick, New Jersey
July 7, 2069
2:54 P.M.
Lane strode purposefully along the busy sidewalk leading to the Dean of Students building, and I followed behind with my head on a swivel. The university campus was much more modern than my school back home, even with its old style red-brick buildings and wrought iron fences. There were art sculptures and colorful restaurants dotting every stretch of street, and carbon-clearing pseudotrees waving in the wind overhead.
Guys and girls in their late teens and early twenties flitted by in talkative groupings, wearing "R.U." branded fleeces and tees, carrying bookbags and coffees on their way to or from class. I felt so old, watching those creatures sprung fresh from a fountain of youth radiate sex and beauty with little to no effort, seemingly unaware of their own carnal magnetism. I stuffed my hands into my green flight jacket and pulled it closer over my red bralette as I caught up to Lane.
"This is the student center," she said, indicating the wide-pillared rectangular building stretching up above us, "there's one on each campus, but this one has the most scholarship stations."
"What's a scholarship station?" I asked, looking down at her black hair buns from behind.
"Come, I'll show you." She led me through one of the huge, automatic door panels into a chilly hallway full of plaques and large plants. There was a din of chatter from students milling about further inside. Along the right wall, opposite a long row of windows, were a series of upright, hard plastic booths, with soft rubber slots at the base and fronts of them. And from most of them protruded the taut, nude asses of young college girls of every stripe and color.
They were slightly bent over, with their legs stuck into the base rubber slots up to their knees, and their head and arms stuck into the front rubber slots to their shoulders. You couldn't see their faces, but the screens on the booths above their shoulders displayed a little headshot with their name and major, as well as a live-streaming "face-cam" that showed what they looked like on the other side of the rubber slot at that moment. I didn't notice the little pink cable extending from the leg slots up to their pussies until we approached the first one in the row.
"Melissa Huerta, age 19, Fine Arts and Sociology," I read from the screen. The headshot beneath the name was of a pretty, mixed girl with blue eyes and black hair, and a charming smile. The face-cam beside that showed a tired-looking teen with messy hair and streaky makeup avoiding eye contact with the little camera accompanying her in the dark.
"Let's make a donation," Lane said, and waved one of her flouncy-sleeved arms beside the screen to read the pay-chip in her hand. A little green light flashed atop the booth, and then a harsh vibrating sound started from the pink cable between Melissa's legs. She cried out inside the rubber slot and her hips twisted with overwhelming stimulation in front of us. I looked down to see her flawless pussy and ass bubbling over with half-dried cum, which ran down her inner thighs and streaked the hard plastic base of the booth.
"I guess it's mostly guys making 'donations' here?" I nodded to the mess.
"Yeah, mostly. Lots who aren't students catch the trains and buses that run through campus to stop off during lunch or after work. It's a decent way for the girls to knock some zeroes off their loan debts," Lane crossed her arms in her star-patterned, lightweight dress and watched Melissa's legs shiver. After a minute or two the vibrating stopped and the girl's sexy body went limp, stirred occasionally by little aftershocks of forced pleasure. Lane turned to head further into the building and I followed.
"Are these SexCorp booths? They don't look anything like the usual stocks," I noted as we passed a dozen more of them in the hall. A couple of jock-looking guys occupied a pair of booths at the end, rutting into the defenseless assholes of two of their classmates, and watching the girls' faces twist up on the screens.
"No, these are direct university payments - though the idea is similar," Lane rounded a corner and we were in a large recreational area. There were beanbags and ping pong tables, a wall-mounted jukebox, extra large pinscreens, and droves of students lounging and laughing from end to end. Through gaps in the crowd I was able to make out the occasional nude, leashed girl with her head down beside a ping pong game, or sitting on a guy's lap. Some had a cheaply made "R.U." block letter necklace hanging round their collarbones, and some didn't. My guess was the necklace ones were campus Pets, and the others were the standard kind.
We picked through the crowds to a mostly-empty seating area in front of a pinscreen playing the news, and Lane stopped to turn to me.
"Hang here for a minute, I'll be back," her eye discs flicked over my shoulder, and then she departed. I watched her walk over to a line of campus Pets who were leashed to some pay-activated wall hooks, and start talking to them. I couldn't hear what she was saying, and decided to just settle into the uncomfortable brown couch to watch TV.
After my match with Cormac O'Neill, Lane had called and asked if I would go on a "sales tour" with her. She said that brand recognition went both ways, and that having me with her while she pitched her artistic offerings to various Pet outlets around the state could be helpful. I still didn't like the idea of having my "brand" associated directly with Pets, but the more money I helped her bring in, the sooner my jaw springs would be paid off. So I helped her load a bunch of boxes into her company van and we drove 45 minutes north to the university campus, first.
When I asked what she planned to do there, she said she was going to talk to the Dean of Students about improving their branding. And after seeing the flimsy block letter necklaces, I began to understand what she meant. I looked over my shoulder again, and Lane was gone, along with two of the campus Pet girls. Glancing around I couldn't find her in the crowd, so I just turned back and waited.
On the pinscreen, a story about a new restaurant opening on the top floor of some megabuilding wrapped up, and a different reporter appeared in front of a crowd that was waiting for a podium to be occupied by a speaker.
"Thanks Rod, I'm here at Sunset Suites in Downtown Newark, where legendary Ultimate Battle of the Sexes wrestler, Brawnswick, is continuing his book tour," the woman said into her slender handheld mic. "He and his publisher should be taking the stage any moment now, to answer questions about the book, his career, and what his plans are for the future." Just as the reporter finished speaking, applause went up behind her when a man in a pinstriped suit walked in from a side door, followed by his "writer" client.
Brawnswick wore a terribly-strained, sextuple-XL white dress shirt, and some custom-tailored gray slacks that still threatened to burst with every step he took behind his publisher. In his raw-knuckled left fist he clutched the head of a long, pink leash, the tail of which was clipped to a leather collar around Allie Sun's neck. She followed behind him submissively, nude and with her blonde head bowed, hair obscuring her face somewhat as she walked. I groaned audibly at the sight, and wanted to leap through the screen to strangle the huge fucker right then and there, on camera.
The publisher thanked everyone for coming, and started talking about the excitement around the biographical story. I was watching Allie stand there beside her new owner, with a boxy "BW" tatted or branded just above her bare cleavage, when Lane placed a hand on my shoulder.
"We can go see the Dean, now," she said, not acknowledging the screen. She turned to leave, and I took one last look before peeling my thighs from the couch.
Chapter 7
Phillips Buchenwald Estate
Highlands, New Jersey
July 7, 2069
6:43 P.M.
"Good evening, you must be Miss Tran," said the buxom redhead who answered the door in a little black maid skirt and headdress. The entrance to the mansion was at the end of a gravel driveway that was entirely too long, and the residence towered above the surrounding trees, just like the lighthouse on the nearby coastline. Lane confirmed that she was indeed herself, and we followed the dignified, half-dressed woman into her master's home.
The inside was even more garish than the outside, with glitzy chandeliers hanging above loudly patterned rugs, and furniture that looked like it belonged in a baroque museum somewhere outside the states. We passed other "maids" scrubbing stains out of couches and chairs, with feather dusters protruding from their assholes like strange, elegant birds. Then the redhead led us up a wide staircase to a loft with windows overlooking the verdant woods that surrounded the property on all sides.
On an antique, reupholstered day bed lounged a man in a royal blue robe, reading a genuine, hardcover book while a maid fucked him gently. She was holding a tray with a highball glass and a scotch decanter as she steadily lowered herself up and down on his slim, white cock, and gave us a smile as we approached.
"Greetings, Master. Miss Tran has arrived, with a guest," the redhead clasped her hands properly in front of her as her owner looked up from his book.
"Ah, yes. Thank you, Clio," the salt-and-pepper-haired man smiled, and looked to us. The other maid continued to raise and lower herself on his cock. She must have had incredible thigh strength. "Miss Tran, wonderful to finally meet you," the man set down his reading and held out a hand.
"Likewise, Mr. Phillips," Lane crossed the floor to accept his handshake, and then turned to me. "This is Mia, she's an Ultimate Battle of the Sexes femme-lete, and I've recently begun sponsoring her, personally." I stepped forward and offered a highly unpracticed curtsy, then felt like an idiot for somehow thinking that made sense or was an appropriate greeting.
"A pleasure, Miss Murcia - I watched your bout with that O'Neill fellow recently, quite a show." Mr. Phillips' smile didn't waver - if he'd thought my greeting was foolish, he gave no indication. And even more surprisingly, he knew who I was. Apparently high-society types enjoyed an old-fashioned ring romp, too. I thanked him, and then stuffed my hands back into my jacket pockets.
"So, you'd wanted to discuss some of your offerings, I understand?" He looked up at Lane and meshed his fingers over his belly. He was a trim man, probably in his early 50s, with a clean-shaven face and a handsome bone structure. He looked like he came from generations of wealthy white men, which made me inherently uneasy.
"That's correct, I think your muses here would greatly enjoy the experience of becoming art, in addition to creating it with you," Lane said, gesturing a hand over the tanned beauty cunt-stroking her master's shaft.
"Quite, certainly. Let us move to my office, we can discuss matters there. That will do - thank you, Thalia." At his dismissal, the woman stood from his glistening cock, and wet strands of pussy juice and precum swayed from her snatch before sticking to her thigh as she departed with the scotch. Mr. Phillips eased himself up from the day bed, and led us toward his office with his wet cock pointing the way beneath his robe like an old, hard dowsing rod.
An ornate pair of oaken double doors were latched open before a multilevel, polished stone desk that looked like it must have been lowered in through the roof, to end up in that room. Mr. Phillips passed by a young girl with honey-blonde hair as he rounded his desk to assume the high-back leather seat on the other side. The girl was also wearing a "maid" outfit, and carefully packing a large, framed portrait for shipping with lots of styrofoam edges and bubble wrap. I didn't have to look close to guess what it was a portrait of, because the office walls were lined with similar ones, from floor to ceiling.
High-resolution, artistically lit photographs of smiling women with haphazard cumshots strewn over their gorgeous faces, blown up to theater billing sizes, and framed in gold-accented wood carvings. I looked from one pearly, dripping face to the next until I spotted Clio, the redhead, hanging directly beside the desk. She was giving the camera a smoldering, sultry look, with a shimmery web of cum arcing across her nose to settle into her eyelashes.
"Please, take a seat," Mr. Phillips indicated the button-dimpled armchairs across from him. Lane and I settled in, and I noted how velvety the material felt against my cheeks. "Can I offer you any refreshments, tea, water?"
"Uh, just some water, please," I was suddenly feeling parched, confused, and very out of place - all at the same time. Lane politely declined, but pulled a small puck from her stylish purse and set it on the desk.
"Calliope, dear - some water for Miss Murcia," Phillips smiled at the honey-blonde, and she nodded, setting down her packing project and disappearing into the main house.
"So, Mr. Phillips, I'd like to show you something from my current line that I think you may find to your taste," Lane waved a hand over the puck. A little hologram of an earthy-complected woman rose from the desk, around two feet high and nude, with her arms and legs slightly spread. It was a rendering, not a real human scan, and she rotated slowly before us. "I've been experimenting with designs of filigree, and have a variety of pattern work and precious metals to choose from."
She pulled out her phone as she talked, and tapped the little foldable glass device to adjust the settings of her rendering. Delicate, metallic tendrils began to snake up and over the holographic woman's limbs, transforming her into a tasteful, classical sculpture with heavy, brown tits.
"Intriguing - that is quite lovely, Miss Tran," Phillips leaned forward for a better look. "And have you recommendations for skin tone pairings?"
"Of course," Lane said, tapping and sliding a few things on her phone. The woman's skin lightened to a peachy pink, and the filigree shifted from light silver to deep gold, glinting in artificial light as her limbs rotated near to the source.
"Superb! Is the design only possible to inlay onto synthetic skin, or can it work with organic bodies as well?"
"The processes are different, but I've developed a method of application that is equally painless and securely fixed for natural skin. So your ladies shouldn't need to change a thing if you do decide to bring them by for some aesthetic enhancement," Lane smiled. Phillips was transfixed. He asked to see a few of the other design patterns, before confirming his interest and asking about pricing. I was looking around at the cum portraits again, and spotted Calliope's just before she walked beneath it back into the office with a few glasses of water and a small, chrome bucket of ice chips. She set them on the desk, beside the holo-woman.
"Thank you, dear," Phillips lifted a small pair of tongs from the bucket and dropped some ice into his glass. I accepted mine as it was and took a deep swig, wiping my lips with the back of my hand afterward. "I see you're taken in by my photographic pieces, Miss Murcia," he smiled, sipping from his glass.
"They're, uh, unique. Do you shoot them yourself?" I asked. The loads looked too heavy and thick to have come from a man his age, but he assured me they were a solo project.
"One takes up many hobbies when one has a great deal of free time," he set down the water glass and spread his hands, "this is amongst my favorites."
"I see. And, you sell them?" I gestured to the frame being packed by Calliope in the corner.
"Indeed. Like any dabbling artist I am constantly producing new works, and the old ones must be set free - like sending children off into the world once they've outgrown the home." I nodded as if I understood what he was talking about. "But what about you, Miss Murcia, how do you enjoy your career? Certainly, for you, it is much more than a hobby."
I looked at Lane, I hadn't expected an interview, but I guessed this was the mutual brand recognition she was talking about.
"Uh, yeah - I like it, a lot. It's... motivating." I smiled weakly, shifting to sit up a little straighter in my seat.
"Most certainly. I'm likely not the only viewer motivated by your recent performance. I even went back and watched some of your previous matches, afterward - such a fire in you!" His aging eyes twinkled as he relaxed into his seat again.
"Oh, I appreciate that. I have my trainer to thank. And - and my sponsor, of course," I flipped a hand toward Lane, trying to do my part for the business. It wasn't untrue, though. Without her, O'Neill would've gagged me into submission with that cock-lock. But I wasn't used to such positive recognition, like Manny was. My cheeks felt a little hot.
"Most assuredly. Well, Miss Tran, please speak with Clio again on your way out. She will arrange the details of the visit for modification, as well as payment. And Miss Murcia - a pleasure," he stood and held out his hand to shake mine, then Lane's. And Clio appeared again as Phillips turned to help Calliope seal the packaging shut for his cum portrait sale.
We followed Clio to a much smaller desk near the front of the house, where she pulled up a little glowing keyboard and asked for some details about the shop, and calendar availability. Her perfect, pendulous tits hung between her arms as she typed away, and her perky ass cheeks were warmed by the light of the setting sun filtering in through the glass of the front door.
"Do you know which of you Mr. Phillips will likely want to send over for enhancement?" Lane asked as Clio finished creating the calendar entry.
"Oh, likely all nine. Though, perhaps not all at once, or there would be no one here to take care of him." She turned and stood to smile at us, and I pictured that smoldering, cum-splattered look from the portrait.
"And you ladies are happy here, caring for him?" Lane's voice was a decibel or two quieter this time, her eyes fixed on Clio's.
"Why, yes. He is a sweet master. And a brilliant man." The redhead didn't seem to hesitate, or to have to search for the praise. It was right there at the front of her mind. I looked from her to Lane, who held her gaze a moment longer, then nodded.
Chapter 8
Morrisville, New Jersey
July 9, 2069
7:12 P.M.
Penny's house still smelled like garlic and marinara sauce even after Ren had done the dishes, and we opened the old, sticky windows to let in some of the evening breeze. The wafts of brine from the river weren't a phenomenal improvement, but the cool temperature and ambient outdoor sounds were nice.
"So does shesellPets?" Penny asked, painting her toes with her foot pressed against the living room coffee table.
"No, I don't think so. It seems like she just... decorates them?" I was sipping a beer with my legs folded under me on the oversized recliner in the corner. Ren was in his little "journalist" cave, moderating his forum and chasing down new leads.
"Who decorates a Pet?" Penny wrinkled her brow, being careful with her small pinky toenail.
"Apparently lots of people, based on the responses she was getting the other day."
"Hm. Well, no reason theycan'tlook nice I guess. At least until they get all used up." She shrugged and switched feet after blowing on her toes for a moment.
"The weird thing is like, some of them seemed to be...happy? Like, the weird chicks living in that mansion were all smiles and worship. And not the pleasure chip kind - it seemed genuine."
"Some people like being told what to do, when to do it, how, to who... Maybe they do like being there."
"But they don't get to decide anything for themselves. And I can't imagine 'saggy old white guy' just happens to be the dream type for all of them," I tipped my beer bottle back, and then fixed my fallen spaghetti strap.
"Maybe he does let them decide stuff. I dunno, when you really like somebody, or even just respect them, their looks don't matter so much anymore." Penny dunked the tiny brush into the pastel yellow bottle again and started on her second toe. "In any case, you can dump her once the springs are paid off, if she makes you uncomfortable."
"It's not that I dislike her, I just think I don'tunderstand. The Tauren guys never asked me to go on sales tours with them. Or to talk to their clients about my career."
Penny gave me an incredulous look. "Tauren is a big money machine that just wanted a sexy, half-naked chick for their promo materials. Not that you're not a great rep for any brand - they just don't give a shit about any of us, on a personal level."
Penny's sponsor was legitimately a fleshlight company that designed and sold custom molds of all kinds of famous people. Movie starlets, magazine models, even U.B.S. femme-letes - including Penny herself. She'd had a cast made using some gelatinous silicon mixture that had to settle in her snatch for 20 minutes, and we didn't quite believe that all those Hollywood A-listers were doing the same. But who would know, anyway? Even people they'd fucked couldn't tell you exactly how it felt in there, besides "tight" or "amazing."
Ren leaned out from his research den and cleared his throat.
"Yes, maestro?" Penny looked up from her final toe painting.
"I just thought you guys might want to see the hits from my latest article, about Mia's match with O'Neill." His curly black hair concealed the arms of his clear-framed glasses, and his stubbled lips smiled crookedly with pride. We took the bait and crossed the room to join him, Penny walking carefully while her nails dried.
"I wrote it up the night of the match and posted in the morning, and at first it didn't generate much buzz. But over the past few days, the counter's been climbing pretty steadily." He leaned back in his mesh computer chair so we could see the curved monitor. The headline read "Murcia Grants No Mercy to New Migrant Masc-lete" and there was a screengrab of me puking on O'Neill's balls as the header.
"Ugh, Ren - did you have to use that picture?" I pushed his shoulder and he laughed.
"Listen, I know how to get clicks, okay? But look at the impressions," he pointed to a little line graph off to the side, which showed a steadily climbing amount of interaction over the course of the week.
"Why is it starting to get attention now?" Penny asked.
"Probably 'cause it got buried in the Independence Day match headlines, but fans are catching up on stuff they missed now that the holiday's over." Ren scrolled down to the comments section of his blog article. "See?"
A series of comments rolled into view, from on-the-nose handles like "MascMurder49" and "PuzzyPowerPunani" - some were trolling, others were debating or talking me up, to my surprise.
"Wiped the dude out in round 2, what a welcome to the ISA," from DickDurgler.
"That cunt has sum skills, I'd hit it," from DaddyBaeCareXD.
"She's awesome - new role model," from SammySubs, with a bunch of hearts and flexing arm emojis beside the text. I felt a tingling in my stomach, even as I got into a patch of comments about how I must secretly be a guy, and how my pussy must be rank since I never wear pants.
"Look who's moving up in the world," Penny grinned, slapping my ass cheek and causing me to jump from surprise.
"I wouldn't call it moving up - no offense, Ren," I caught myself.
"None taken," he shook his head. He was mostly immune to my callous remarks, having spent enough time around me by then to know they weren't intentionally mean.
I read the headline and looked at the picture again. Behind my sloppy, regurgitating face, if you followed O'Neill's arm up to his shoulder, you could also make out the look on his own face at that moment. He had one eye squeezed shut, and the other flung wide, with his teeth bared in a stunned pleasure grimace, as he watched the round slip through his fingers. He was like a sailor who'd spotted the rocks moments too late to change course. If I didn't look like such a gross rag in it, I might've considered having it framed.
Chapter 9
Warehouse District
Allentown, New Jersey
July 13, 2069
8:27 P.M.
"Dere ya go, bitch - dat's supper for ya," the scraggly-limbed bionic creature stroked his oversized mod-cock into a dirty, caged Pet's mouth. She was dark-skinned and underfed, and held her tongue out eagerly as the jolts of white sludge poured onto it. A flick of the cumming shaft sent a fat rope splaying up her face, and she coughed as she continued swallowing the long, productive orgasm. "Don't spill now, dere ain't no more 'til morning... unless I gets horny," the little borged-out freak looked at us with that final comment, and I frowned in disgust.
Lane's reptilian poker face was unreadable as ever, watching the other Pets in their cages waiting for "supper" - we'd apparently arrived right at feeding time, much to our misfortune. The little mod-monster said his name was Dunder when he met us at the door of the grimy warehouse on the edge of town. He was the ringleader of the little den of upgrade addicts Lane had driven us out to, and the other bolt-heads watched curiously while getting tuned up or blasting Pet pussy in the industrial space.
"Good girl, dey come to see all you pretty dings - smile nice," Dunder flashed his metallic teeth at the next filthy Pet lapping up his cum as another heavy load spilled from his slit. His SemSac must have been customized, because he was churning out more jizz than even the top-tier masc-letes I'd seen back then. A couple of girls at the end were too weak or unwilling to get up and drink the burbling slime, so he just taunted them while he splattered their legs and tits. Then he jostled his dirty track pants up and stepped back to us.
"Dank you for waiting, ladies," his inverted black eyes with white pupils bounced between us, "what can Dunder do for you?" Some loud jangling of chains made me turn my head to see a huge, Roid Droid motherfucker savaging a gagged and hook-suspended Pet's asshole behind some torn up furniture. He was about the size of Brawnswick, but with red eyes and mechanically-hinged arms.
"We're here to buy some of your stock," Lane said coolly, nodding her head at the cum-soaked crates full of recently-fed Pets. Dunder turned to look too.
"I dought you were a seller, not a buyer. Make 'em pretty, right?" He turned back to Lane. He was shirtless, and there were cables running along his arms and legs up to the back of his head, which was shaved short enough that I couldn't figure out his hair color.
"I play the market, like everybody else," Lane took out her phone. "Most of those look like retired public stock, and Girlfriend contracts. The two on the end are pretty worn down. I'll take them off your hands for..." she tapped her phone a few times, "$11,000 each."
I spun my head to look at her. Why the hell was she buying Pets. And why used up ones? And why for so much? Dunder also seemed a little surprised. He straightened up and pursed his dried-out lips for a moment.
"Who says I want to sell? Dey good meat, still warm and fleshy," his eyes narrowed.
"$12,000 each." Lane didn't blink. Where the hell was this money coming from? I knew I couldn't ask her right then, or I'd blow whatever game she was playing. But I also didn't know if it was a game I wanted to be part of. My guess, at that point, was that I was there as her muscle, more so than her branding pitch. But if that Roid Droid or the others decided they wanted to turn us into toys too, I didn't think there'd be much I could do to stop them.
"You strange one, girlie - but okay," Dunder held out his chrome-tipped fingers, and Lane took his hand. More than a handshake, it was a transferring of funds, and the $24,000 entered a neutral holding between accounts until closure of the deal was confirmed. To that end, Dunder led us to the last two crates in the row, and began unlatching them. One girl was Indian, the other some kind of Native American, and both were rail-thin with frizzy black hair. Dunder dragged them from their little round beds onto the dusty floor before us.
Without a word, Lane knelt and scooped the Indian girl's arm around her shoulder, smearing her knitted dress with the cum from Dunder's "supper" bath. I followed her lead and started lifting the Native girl, who groaned tiredly in my arms. I scooped her legs up so that I was cradling her, and shifted my grip while I waited to see what came next. Lane was supporting the Indian girl's weight and turned back to Dunder.
"I want some coverings for them, too," her brown-disc eyes were expressionless. Dunder grinned his metallic maw.
"Pets don't wear clodes." He waved his hand around at the bevy of nude girls getting plugged and pummeled around the warehouse space.
"You've got some around here, from new arrivals, I'm sure."
Dunder thought for a second, held up a finger, and disappeared. I used my knee to lift the Native girl up again, as the cum on her legs caused her to keep sliding down my fingers. When the borg leader returned, he was holding a dirty white bathrobe, and a pink kimono that looked way too big for any of the Pets I saw in the building. Lane waited until we got the girls outside to the van to dress them, and then we laid them down in the back on some piles of garment cloth for the return trip to the store.
***
"That kimono belongs to my friend... well, a wrestler I know," I was sitting in the passenger seat while Lane navigated the highway back North.
"I know. Allie Sun." She said, as if it was obvious.
"You know her?"
"I know of her."
"Did you know she was there? Was she there?"
"No. And not for long, if at all. She traded hands pretty quickly."
I frowned. "Why do you know all this? What are you gonna do with these girls?" Lane was quiet, thinking. I wasn't sure she'd answer, but just before I asked again, she did.
"There are dens like that all over. I visit them sometimes, try to get the girls in bad shape out when I can."
"And, what about the others?" More quiet from the driver seat. I looked over at her face, illuminated by the opposite flow of traffic.
"They'll be free too, eventually."
Free, she said. She'd justpurchasedtwo of them. And they'd probably end up working in her shop, where they'd still be naked display racks with customer service jobs. My head hurt, everything was starting to feel kind of complicated and hopeless. We bounced along the highway for a while, and Lane eventually took an exit past the one where her store was located.
"Where are we going?" I asked.
"My house. I want to show you something."
We drove along a service road outside a couple of huge, empty warehouses, and I thought she was taking me to another den. Then she turned left at the end of the road near a smaller warehouse, and we were in the cul de sac of a little residential neighborhood. Lots of the houses were run down with overgrown lawns, and some had sun-bleached "FOR SALE" signs in the yard.
The driveway we pulled into led up to a small, long house with a red-shingled roof and a metal front door. Lane turned off the van, got out, and started waking our passenger cargo. We helped them to the door, where Lane knocked a few times in a sequence, and a sharp-nosed white girl with a long, rust-colored ponytail answered.
"Hey, Lane," the girl said, stepping aside in her baggy sweats so we could enter. She looked at me, and the girls we were carrying, but didn't seem surprised.
"Teri, can you get these two some probiotic shakes?" Lane asked, easing the Indian girl onto a black chaise in the front room. The inside of the house was incredibly modest, considering it supposedly belonged to Lane. It had an early-2000s style, with beige walls and fake granite countertops that I could see through the cutout in the kitchen wall. Teri walked by it on her way to the fridge, and I set the Native girl down on a puffy armchair in the corner.
"I've got it from here," Teri said when she returned, and Lane led me to the back of the house. There were four bedrooms between the front and back of the little building, and a rear porch that led out into some trees. A couple of bedroom doors were closed, and two were open. We entered the last one, but before we did I saw a couple of other girls talking beside a computer screen next to some bunk beds.
"Have a seat," Lane said, closing the door behind us and slipping out of her jizz-stained dress. I looked around and sat on a long, padded bench against the wall, while Lane walked over to a small closet and clicked the light on overhead. She was naked under the dress, and didn't try to hide as she changed into a silky chemise, lit by a single bulb dangling overhead. She had slender, graceful limbs, with tattoos swirling up her torso from her hips. They emanated from her shaved pussy, and crawled up between her small, pert breasts like smoke - gray and blue, the colors I imagined an ice dragon's breath might be. There were some scars on her back, and I got another glimpse of the birdcage and Latin ink on her upper arms.
"Lane. What's going on?" I asked calmly as she turned off the closet light and sat cross-legged on a floor cushion opposite me. She took a slow breath in, and out, looking at her hands in her lap for a moment.
"There are... a lot of ways, that someone can be owned." She said finally. I didn't rush her thought process. "The obvious ones you see every day. On the corners. At the malls. But, those are just symptoms."
"Symptoms?" My voice was quiet.
"It's like... If there's a poisonous weed in your garden, you can pluck the weed, and things will be better, for a while. But it'll come back. It still exists - in the roots, down there in the dirt." She shifted on her cushion, looking up at me. "That doesn't mean you shouldn't pluck the weed, or that you should give up on the garden. But you need more tools, to dig the roots out."
"Lane... I'm not following." I pursed my lips empathetically.
"What you saw today, and over the past few weeks - I've been plucking weeds. But, the roots are still hard to reach. They're up in penthouse offices, and locked behind boardroom doors, and driving around in bulletproof black trucks. I can't reach the roots - not yet. But I can pluck the poison weeds, or at least get people away from them."
"So... that warehouse today, that was a poison weed?"
Lane nodded. "Those mod-addicts... they get so chromed up they forget how to be human. They start preying on anyone weaker than them, anyone that looks different, anyone without protection. They jack themselves up with all kinds of illegal parts, and go around snatching people - women - even without an official SexCorp bill of sale."
So not all of those girls were even legitimate Pets. And I'd heard of illegal mods, but never seen any myself. Until then.
"So, Dunder..." I looked at Lane, and she nodded.
"Chock full of black market parts." That explained his unending cum streams, and those bizarre, inverted eyes.
"He had Allie's kimono. Do you think Brawnswick...?"
"Has illegal mods? Almost definitely. And they'd be hard to detect. Den fixers are small-minded, evil bastards, but they're crafty."
That motherfucker. I knew he was too big - too superhuman - to only be Borg-7. He had to be 80% synthetic, atleast. And the league docs wouldn't even be able to officially tell.
"That means he cheated in the match with Allie. We have to tell the commission - he can't own her if he cheated, if he committed a crime," I was starting to feel that old, familiar heat in my blood.
"The commission? The one sponsored by SexCorp? The one that provides billions in entertainment revenue to their holders every quarter?" Lane cupped her hands in her lap.
"But... the contract is... it's void if..."
"Mia," those cool brown discs searched my face. "We can't help Allie. Not yet. Even if the commission believed you, and someone on the upper rungs wanted to nullify the contract - she'd just be sold to someone else. SexCorp owns the country. They own the banks. They own me and you. We don't have to have collars on for that to be true. And they don't have to admit, or rectify, their mistakes. So they don't. They never will."
"Then... then what the fuck do we do?? Go buy her, like we did the girls out there?" I flung a hand at the closed door leading to the main house.
"No. Allie isn't just a cum dump to him. She's a trophy. He won't let her go willingly. And trying anything direct will just make him hold on tighter. Or worse."
I didn't want to ask about the "or worse" part. I started bouncing my heel as an inadequate anger vent.
"SexCorp didn't invent the idea of Pets. But they made it legal, acceptable, common. If they weren't selling them, somebody else would be. My people - the ones I work with - we're trying to make it very clear, on an unprecedented scale, that involuntary servitude is abadfucking idea."
"No shit it's a bad idea, but clearly nobody fucking cares."
"Many do. And more will. Like I said, you need tools to reach the roots of a weed."
"So you're, what - some kind of fucking glorious revolutionary? A secret agent freedom fighter saving the world one Pet at a time?" My voice was growing harsh. I could feel myself lashing out, but couldn't help it.
"No," Lane smiled, fingering the Latin text on her arm and looking out the window. "I'm just an artist. But, there's always some overlap."
*****
Book 3 tests the bond between Mia and Manny as the league, and the country, seek to tear them apart. Through an unexpected odyssey down the coast, Mia discovers an unexplored side of herself, for better or for worse. The heat is rising. The gloves are coming off. And so are the masks of those who hold the strings.