"I've hid out in my room all week long recovering from my gangbangs. I was sore as hell those first three days afterwards. Other than going to work acting moody until my co-workers gave me room, I've isolated away from even my family. You would think I was ashamed of myself but doggonit I wasn't. I was terrified I'd need to buy a pregnancy test. I did manage to stop by Planned Parenthood and get on the pill. We'll see if I can weather the storm. I calculated that out of 34 guys at least seven of them came inside me. If not pregnant I'll probably contract an STD. Nobody to blame but myself. That's why I stayed away from the family. I didn't want to give David anything IF I had something hiding. No itching. No breakouts. Maybe I got lucky. Who knows. I do need to slow down. My teasing has gone full circle. Sex is a must now.
"Y'know what? I'm not even in the mood to write this...I'll continue this next week. Bare with me people. I love letting you in on my adventures. If you don't hear from me again it's because I'm knocked up and locked up. Because I won't show my face for the next 9 months. I'll get back with you I promise. Better or worse. LOVE YOU GUYS. MUAH.
**************
"...And I'm back. Sorry it took a few weeks. I've been hella busy between work and YAY ME I had my period. No bambinos for me. THANK GOD. I waited to fill you guys in on what's been going on until after my period faded away. It lasted longer than normal but at least it came and went. Sorry if I'm grossing you guys out. I'm just happy it came along. I was scared there for a week. No outbreaks either. Maybe just maybe this newbie slut dodged a bullet.
"So...during my time away from you I went out for pizza with Jamie. Pretty simple date overall. I fessed up that it was me that answered my door in my bra and panties. I promised him my next ordered pizza I would request him and show him everything. He grinned and said He'd be ready. Other than a kiss goodbye nothing else special. Innocent date after all, it proved that Jamie was nothing more than teasing material. I didn't really even want to fuck the guy. So don't hold your breath on hearing that story. LOL! Grrrrrrrr! Who knows I might change my mind. LOL!
"I needed these past few weeks to recover my sanity. If we do the math and add up the guys that either fucked me or just touched me a few weekends back the number is mind blowing. Definitely a reality check to be more careful. Let's see, 34 guys at the mall fucked me. More watched. At the lumber yard six played men with me while Mitch and his two friends observed. Santa's adult bookstore 10 guys fucked me. That's one shy of 50 guys. SWEET BABY JESUS! I shiver at the number. No more of that. LOL! We'll see. The itch might come back.
"Over the past few weeks while I was recuperating I've brushed off every guy that I was texting. Oh I texted them and sent simple pics but I didn't hook up at all. Some knew of my period but I wasn't ready to get fucked during red tide. Yucky. It astonished me how many guys actually volunteered to do me even on my monthly. Some said they'd eat me out even. EWWWWWW! NOT. Someday maybe. LOL! I suppose trying everything was in the cards eventually. Not at the moment though.
"My future stepbrothers have been begging me to come hang out on campus with them. Come on guys you know I can't get into bars. As an alternative they said I could go with them to FRAT PARTIES. Hmmm? That could be fun. My biggest fear was Troy and Brad taking me anally. That scared the hell out of me. Like everything else I knew it would happen eventually, but shouldn't that be on my terms? Not on the first guy that randomly takes it against my will. NOPE NOT READY.
"At least the brothers only wanted me to themselves, as far as I know. I hoped that would stay the case. With other girls in school I really figured they would have given up on me by now. Nope! Every day I get WHERE'S MY NAKED PIC? They've never been this attentive toward anything. LOL! WHY ME? I might break down and go back with them if they show up today to do laundry. I can always take a bus home if they won't bring me back. I've been cooped up long enough. Time to spread my...wings. LOL
"After breakfast I sent Troy a text and said to come get me. He hasn't messaged back so I'm going to go take a shower and get ready just in case. I still had loads of cash from the gangbang gifts. I've remained frugal for a rainy day. With what shopping I did do at the mall I only spent $400. Not only that but since then I've gotten another paycheck from the Park District. Rolling in dough. Oh by the way...that bed that Lyle gave me I had him deliver it to Curt. My bed was pretty new and comfy as it was. Not only that how would I have explained the bed to my Mom and David? It was better to be charitable. LOL! He needed it more than I did. Otherwise it would have went to Goodwill.
"I spent two hours getting showered and putting on my makeup and such. I painted my nails red this time. Planning on wearing a new red dress with laces down the side revealing my bare sides. No bra, no panties. I intended to be the sexiest bitch on campus. Wearing only a towel tied around my body I prowled the house texting Brad this time. Somebody had better get back to me or I'm making other plans. Tons of guys were begging to date me AKA bed me. LOL! I was ready now. I had even gotten boxes of condoms when I went on birth control. Time to wizen up.
"While in the kitchen I heard the back door open but not close. I knew Mom and David had gone out for lunch together at the Country Club so it had to be Troy or Brad. Carrying my bottle of water I opted to see who it was. Wow! Both brothers. They must have ridden home together. Troy started a load of laundry so I grilled Brad as to why neither of them texted me back. They were busy is all I got. I asked them if they still wanted me to come party with them and they said ABSOLUTELY. Guess I had better go get dressed then I told them. Before I could even turn away Troy grabbed me and threw me over his shoulder. I squealed and whined WHAT ARE YOU DOING? Brad opening the door for Troy as he carried me out to his SUV. I'M NOT DRESSED TROY I griped wearing a towel and nothing else. Not even socks or slippers. Just that large towel which was already loosening in my struggle.
"Tossing me into the backseat Troy left me with Brad, who rode back there with me. They even put my seatbelt on me. I asked WHAT THE HELL IS GOING ON? All I got was we have a mission for you and to shut up until we got to campus. I bitched back saying SO I'M GOING TO WEAR NOTHING BUT A TOWEL TO A FRAT PARTY? Brad laughed and said SURE IT'S A TOGA PARTY. Uh huh! I don't buy it Brad. Now don't get me wrong I wasn't opposed to my attire. I just worried about this so called mission. That sounded like nothing but trouble.
"I prefer to know what I'm getting into. Of course that hasn't always been available to me in any of my adventures unless I instigate it. Did I intend to get gangbanged twice in one day? No, but I knew the risks that it might happen as things progressed. I really doubt Brad and Troy plan anything like that. Again, these guys are acting awful possessive of me lately. I'm not the someday stepsister anymore. I'm being treated as if they own me. While it's fine by me that they want to roleplay that kind of thing but in reality No better fucking me No. That word is always tough for me to use. LOL!
"As Troy drove us through Indy toward Purdue University I tried again to understand what they had in store for me. Close to the dorms Brad turned to me and retrieved something from a pouch attached to the back of the front seats. Showing me what it was made me nervous. He had a cute pink dog collar. As if I needed to guess what he intended to do with it Brad moved closer to me and told me to lift my hair so he could put it on me. Ummm! I'm no dog Brad. WHAT THE HELL?
"Regardless I rolled my eyes and did as he asked. Once it was on I felt sort of degraded, yet I was intrigued at the same time. You people know me I've had mixed feelings about everything I do. My right from wrong attitude usually ends up in the wrong more often than not. Spooked a bit I asked Brad why I was wearing a collar. He told me because I was their slave for the weekend. Sooo roleplay then? He said sure. What did that entail I asked. He said first off shut the fuck up until spoken to. Secondly he curled his fingers up under my collar and drew me toward him. Brow to brow he informed me that they knew about my gangbang. WHAT?????????? HOLY SHIT. HOW?
"This was so going to go badly for me. There was no way that they could keep that kind of secret. I asked how they knew about it. He proceeded to show me video on his cell taken at the mall within the mattress store. For five minutes he played video of one guy after another fucking me silly. I wept a bit almost ashamed. I didn't want to start begging so I only said this one. JUST DON'T TELL MY MOM. Troy from the front seat looked at me in his rearview mirror and added his input THEN I GUESS YOU DO WHATEVER WE FUCKING TELL YOU FOR THE REST OF YOUR LIFE HUH? Great!
"THAT'S A LONG TIME TROY I said. Brad patted me on the cheek and got my attention back. He furthered the threat saying PUT UP A FIGHT I SEND THIS VIDEO STRAIGHT TO HER. ARE WE CLEAR? I nodded with a scowl of DO I HAVE A CHOICE? Obviously not. As I sulked I tried to figure out who might have betrayed me. It had to have been one of Mitch's friends, in some fashion they all knew him even if it was through other friends. Any of those guys could have been students. Probably 50% of the guys there were college age. I so wasn't thinking of anything such as this ever happening. I was just so caught up in succeeding at my mall teasing that when it turned on me there was no turning back. Sucks to be me. No LOL this time. MOTHER FUCKER!
"For me to ever get out of this I'll end up having to confess everything to Mom. Well, not about David and I. Doing that would ruin us. I AM SO FUCKING STUPID IT'S UNREAL. This was the beginning of a long drawn out nightmare. Brad and Troy were going to use me anytime they needed something, be it sex with them or with their friends. Hell they would probably whore me out for gas money. Doomed, I'm doomed. Just get through the weekend Violet then you can figure out how best to get out of this shit. Damn this collar is itchy.
"Wait a minute. Why are we driving past the dorms? Where are you taking me? I sat there sweating over what their intentions were. Leaving campus on the other side Troy drove into some residential housing, these were really nice homes. Who lives here I wondered. Stopping in front of a large white two story with a well taken care of yard Troy pulled to a curb. Brad unhooked my seatbelt then got out while Troy remained in the vehicle. Snapping his fingers to exit through his door I crawled across and stepped out. Tightening my towel noting the sounds of lawnmowers and dogs barking. The neighborhood was pretty active. People washing cars, kids playing frisbee, people just walking the sidewalks. I felt embarrassed that they were seeing me in a towel. At least I was covered.
"As I stood to the left of the opened door Brad reached into the seat pouch again, this time pulling up a leash. I should have seen this coming. I was being treated like a dog. Hooking the clip to my collar Brad puckered his lips and made kissing noises at me. FOLLOW ME POOCH. Ugh! I was led up the homes walk straight to the front door. Ringing the doorbell it only took a few minutes for a short pudgy older man to answer the door. Ewww! Combed over hair. WHAT THE FUCK.
"Motioning us inside quickly to avoid too much notice the man shut the door. Brad referred to him as Professor Harmon and told him A PROMISE IS A PROMISE. Harmon concurred looking me over. So creepy. Brad turned the leash handle over to the Professor and said SHE'S YOURS FOR ONE HOUR. CAN I BE GUARANTEED AN A+ ON MY FINAL? Harmon told him that depended on my cooperation. In turn Brad pointed at me and said WHATEVER HE TELLS YOU TO DO YOU HAD BETTER DO IT. AM I CLEAR VI?
"I nodded reluctantly and whispered YES. GOD PLEASE DON'T LET THIS GUY MAKE ME DO SOME SERIOUSLY SICK SHIT. Removing my towel Brad took it with him. I shivered while standing there nude in front of this sicko. Once Brad took off the Professor smiled at me and said DON'T BE AFRAID I WON'T HURT YOU. JUST PLAY ALONG. Pouting I nodded as he led me to the kitchen of the home and told me to get down on my hands and knees. Unclasping my leash at least I was free of that. Patting me on top of my head he referred to me as GOOD GIRL. Careful dickwad I bite.
"WOULD YOU CARE FOR A DRINK OF WATER? I nodded without a word. Going to his refrigerator he brought out a bottle of water. I was thirsty so good timing Pops. Opening the bottle for me he starts to hand it to me then frowned. Instead he opened his cabinet and produced...YOU HAVE GOT TO BE KIDDING ME...a fucking dog bowl? Pouring the water into it he brought it to me and sat it on the floor. I looked at it, then him with a look of NO WAY. He made a tsking sound and took a cellphone from his pants pocket. I knew he was going to call Brad. Whining I yelped like a dog to distract him. A smile made him lower the phone. Rolling my eyes I bent down over the bowl and put my face into it. Lapping the water with my tongue I almost wanted to laugh. This was sort of hilarious.
"FUCK IT! Might as well give him what he wants. I wag my ass like a dog as I continued drinking. Kneeling beside me he stroked my hair and said MAGNIFICENT. WOULD YOU LIKE A DOGGY TREAT? I yelped and sat up on my legs. Panting like a dog just seemed like the thing to do. LOL! Never going to live this down.
"The Professor stood up and YEP HERE GOES he unzips his pants and brings out his cock. Not a hefty dick but for his age decent. He proceeded to tell me that little blue pill has worked wonders. OH SHIT! LOLOLOL! I just nodded yet again and watched him stroke his chew toy. wagging it at me I got the message. I'M GOING TO KILL THE LARABEE BROTHERS. Hesitant until he raises his cell again I scooted closer and fondled his cock until he sighs. PUT YOUR PAWS DOWN. WORK FOR YOUR TREAT. Ummm k!
"Without using my hands I licked his crown until he muttered THAT'S BETTER. GOOD GIRL. For the next ten minutes I sucked his cock. COME ON CUM ALREADY. It wasn't in the cards. As he grumbled he finally just dropped his pants and stepped out of them. His feet were only wearing black socks. Ewww! White hairy legs with boney knees. Boxers removed next he then began unbuttoning his shirt. Off it went which left him in a dingy white wife beater. He left that on. Reattaching the leash he led me on all fours through his house and up a carpeted staircase. Down a hallway to his Master bedroom. Yep he has every intention of fucking me. OH FUCKING JOY.
"Patting the mattress I crawled up then stood on hands and knees waiting on whatever he was going to do. Removing the wife beater to only remain in socks he lay down on his bed, scooting around me to the middle. LICK ME ALL OVER he ordered as my leash draped over me. Whimpering I began at his calves and worked my way up. Outer thighs first then inside. Nuzzling his dick I licked his balls then focused on his other leg before coming back to his balls again. I tried swallowing his dick but he scolded me with I SAID LICK EVERY INCH OF ME. Stunned I proceeded through his pubes and lapped my tongue all across his stomach and chest. A hairy fucking body let me tell you. Can I vomit now?
"Raising his arms he motioned me toward his armpits. REALLY? COME ON DUDE. I closed my eyes and just did it. Nothing like the taste of deodorant. At least his cologne smelled nice. Licking his entire arm I crossed his neckline and survived a second armpit. GAG! Arm, elbow, hand, fingers. Retracing my steps to his shoulder I stopped until he lifted his chin to reveal his throat. Going in. Over his esophagus around the neck, up to his earlobes. Grrr! Even his ears. INSIDE. FUCK! Ear wax is nasty. I might just commit suicide after this crap. He couldn't be licking me instead could he? LOL!
"I did it. Not happy about it but it's over with. FACE he directs me. Is he going to kiss me when I get to his lips? I licked his chin then both cheeks, over his mouth but no kiss. Hmmm! Should I be offended? LOL! I continued over his nose, eyebrows, forehead. Halting again he just rolled over. OTHER SIDE he instructed. Man my mouth was dry. Head to waist I finished my job. Reaching his ass I winced. SO GROSS! WHY ME? WHY? Sucking it up I continued. licking both ass cheeks, and hips. Before I headed to his legs he reached around to grab his ass cheeks prying them apart. EVERYWHERE I heard. Time to puke. I choked and said I CAN'T.
"Cell raised he shows me Brad's number. I'D HATE TO FAIL BRADLEY he sighed. GODAMMIT! It took every ounce of will to force me between those disgusting cheeks. At least he was clean. Licking an ass hole is so not fun. Of course he would say LICK THAT REALLY GOOD. Exhaling loudly I completed that mission to his satisfaction. He praised me for my dedication. It certainly made him happy. At least one of us was. GOD I NEED TO BRUSH AND GARGLE. Looking at his bedside clock I kind of calculated that I still had twenty minutes. I was running out of body to lick. Finalizing his legs he rolls back over again and told me SIT ON MY COCK. Here we go. Fucking him was just as horrible as it sounded. I straddled him and rode him as he rubbed my legs. After five minutes his hands guided my upper body over his. My tits crushing into that birds nest of chest hair kind of tickled. Palming my face he whispers. MAKE LOVE TO ME.
"Siggggggghhhhhh! Fourteen minutes left. KISS ME YOU FOOL. Our lips molded and shockingly Grampa was a pretty good kisser. I gyrated sensually on his dick as his hands roamed my body. This leash is so in the way. LOL! Why am I laughing inside? Rolling us over he opts to fuck me missionary. With sweet tender thrusts and kissing me as if he loved me, I hate to admit it but this was kind of nice. GOOD GOD WHAT AM I SAYING????? CUM ALREADY SO I CAN GET THE HELL OUT OF...HELL.
"With five minutes to spare he nuts inside me. Again no fucking condom. As he pulls out he sits up on his knees and tells me to use my muscle control to show him his jizz. WHAT? WHOA! Never tried this before. Nodding I did my best until I hear him say THERE IT IS. CREAMPIE. He lowers into my pussy and eats me out tasting his own cum. EWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWW! GET ME THE FUCK OUT OF HERE.
"I hear his cell ring and close my eyes. Answering it Professor Harmon said ON OUR WAY DOWN BRADLEY. YES SHE PERFORMED PERFECTLY. PERHAPS I WILL ASK FOR HER AGAIN. I smiled for his benefit as we crawled out of bed. In my mind I was saying NO FUCKING WAY AM I DOING YOU AGAIN. GET A DOG BITCH BOY. NO LOVE HERE. He put his pants on with underwear and took my leash guiding me downstairs on all fours again. Rug burn sucks.
"Opening the front door Brad saw me on all fours and laughed. Standing up I ripped the leash out of the Professor's hand and handed the lead to Brad. Harmon laughed and slapped my ass. Thanking Brad instead of me he shuts the door. I stood nude on his front step as a jogger sprinted by Troy's SUV. At least he didn't see me. Too bad he was kind of cute. LOL!
"Brad handed me my towel and I wrapped up. Returning with him to the SUV I got in and buckled myself up. Brad removed the leash and put it away. Troy chuckled HOW'D IT GO? Both barrels I flipped them both off. Troy humorously laughed and added I THINK THAT'S A FUCK ME INVITATION TO BOTH OF US BRO. Brad smirked SHE NEEDS A BATH FIRST. I refused to smile at them as I said AND A FIFTH OF VODKA TO GARGLE.
"Troy pulled from the curb and this time returned to campus. The dorms looked pretty active. Students everywhere. I shook my head and said WHAT NOW? GONNA MAKE ME HUMILIATE MYSELF IN FRONT OF THE STUDENT BODY? TAKE A SHIT IN THE YARD? Of course they had to say THAT'S NOT A BAD IDEA. My eyes flared I WAS KIDDING. DON'T DO THAT PLEASE.
"Troy said he was going to take me to the dorms communal facilities and let me shower. That sounded good except for one thing. I'd be the only girl...yeah that sounded good. LOL! . I asked again what they intended. Brad just shrugged TO PARTY WITH YOU. WE'VE NEVER SEEN YOU DRUNK BEFORE. HIGH TIME I THINK. HIGH EVEN. My brain melted WHOAAAAA! SERIOUSLY? YESSSSSSSSS.
"Maybe I can drown my sorrows in beer and weed. Wine is the closest alcohol I've really tried. One beer I guess at an old girlfriend's house. Never once stoned though. YAY ME. Most girls my age started all of that at probably 15. I'm 18 but only by two months, so I'm way behind the proverbial eight ball, as my Dad used to say. Anyways...
"Leading me down into the dorms basement where pretty much all things water related were, showers, toilets, sinks, laundry, Troy entered the restroom with me. I asked him if he was going to watch me shower which I was okay with. He said no he needed to make calls and order some kegs for the party tonight. Am I going to be safe in here alone? He told me to risk it. Easy for him to say. LOL! There was only like five guys doing laundry. all of which watched me follow Troy in here. A girl in a towel definitely attracts attention. It didn't help that I smiled devilishly at each of them. With no locks on the doors I totally expected visitors. I'll be waiting. LOL!
"At least I knew the guys doing laundry were younger and good looking. Hmmm. If I'm going to fucking be Troy and Brad's slave i might as well have fun doing it. What's the worst that could happen? More to tell my Mom? I'm screwed no matter what. I just hope that the Larabee boys reconsider opening this can of worms by blackmailing me. This could potentially ruin their Dad's relationship too. Chances are they hadn't even thought that far. They just wanted me and to exploit my body. I can honestly say this could be fun as long as I don't get sent back to Professor Lickmeallover. LOL! Dangit! I should have asked for a toothbrush. UGH!
"Troy was long gone as I started a shower to achieve hot water. All he gave me was a rag and a bar of soap. good enough for now. I wish they'd let me grab things from home instead of hijacking me without warning. Perfume, and deodorant would be nice. We all know Troy nor Brad had perfume. I'm stuck with what little I had in this situation. Temperature just the way I liked it I stepped under the water and enjoyed the feel upon my flesh. Warm or cold my nips were out in full force. I think it was knowing that guys could walk in at any second. Of course it was. LOL!
"Hmmm! I wonder if I started singing if it might attract attention? Let's clean up downstairs here good before I do anything that lured guys to me. The smell of sex with an old dude made even me nauseous. Thank God a bar of soap was the ticket. Feeling cleansed I had time to think of what to sing. I started out just humming loud enough for close by ears to hear. Watching the doorway from my angle was easy after choosing the shower that stood me right out in the open. I'm not sure if Troy had staged this or not so I'm just going to wing it. If nothing happens so be it. PLEASE LET GUYS WALK IN. PLEASE LET GUYS WALK IN. I SEE SHADOWS. Sing Violet sing.
"I don't really know many songs by heart. I didn't want to sing anything silly like those 80's rock songs I've been listening to lately. I went with Good For You by Selena Gomez...soft sexy and to the point. Come closer shadows I won't bite. LOL! I tried my best to ignore the possible intruders but darnit I wanted to be sure I was being checked out instead of acting for my own benefit. Otherwise I was ready to end my shower and dry off. Out of no where I hear YOU HAVE A BEAUTIFUL SINGING VOICE.
"YESSSSSSS a guy. Acting spooked a bit I cover my tits and pussy. Leering over my shoulder I see two of those washing clothes. One is at a urinal taking a piss, the other actually leaning on the threshold of the shower room looking me over. I shyly smile and say HELLO. Both say hi back. The guy who took a leak turned to face me as he put his dick away. I did see penis. LOL! Knowing I saw it he winked then stepped to a row of sinks to wash his hands.
"The guy leaning said WE SAW YOU COME IN WITH TROY. YOU HIS GIRLFRIEND? I laughed at that and just dropped my arms. LET THEM SEE ME I told myself before verbally adding NO I'M NOT HIS GIRLFRIEND. I'M ALMOST HIS STEPSISTER. HIS DAD, MY MOM. I'M HERE FOR THE WEEKEND. Both men looked me over as I soaped up again just for show. Inspiration striking my fancy I said CAN ONE OF YOU WASH MY BACK? I soaped up the washcloth and extended it. Both jumped at the chance at once almost tripping one another. I giggled and added THERE'S ENOUGH SOAP FOR BOTH OF YOU. They merely grumbled at each other.
"Doing rock, paper, scissors, the leaner won out. Too funny. Grown men I swear. Taking my wash clothe he became hesitant to get close to me. He didn't want to get wet. OMG! WHY ME? LOL! Finally I said THERE IS A SOLUTION TO THAT. I shut the water off just long enough to lure him in. As he washed my backside I shivered at the cool air now that my body wasn't cascaded with warmth. He took his time washing me from shoulders to butt crack. Before I knew it he was cleaning my butt cheeks. Giggling I intentionally dropped the bar of soap and bent over to pick it up, losing it just as fast. I gave them a good healthy look at my pussy from behind. Both of them whistled as I stood up feigning embarrassment.
"Leaning guy said FUCK THAT'S A NICE CLAM while the other one said I LOVE SEAFOOD. Geez LOL! YOU GUYS ARE DORKS I snickered. Before my bather could step back I turned the water back on spraying him. He jumped and called me a BITCH then laughed along with me. His buddy pushed him closer to me drowning him until it became a wrestling match that made me have to evade the water entirely. I just moved one shower over and started the water. FUCK ME THAT WATER IS COLD. Everyone busted up. In a mad strip show both guys took their wet shirts off and swung them at one another. Nice muscles boys.
"Once their battle ended I stood there with a sheepish expression of WHAT NOW? They looked at me then one another before shrugging. They were two of the most clueless fuckers I'd ever seen. Finally, I left my shower and barged between them. Taking the Leaner's hand I pressed his fingers around my tit. The other guy I just reached over and grabbed his crotch. I'M SO PROUD OF MYSELF THESE DAYS. LOL! Not long ago my teasing was mostly just showing off my body. Now I just go for broke and take what I want. SEDUCE ME ALREADY.
"YEP! That did it. Both of them were all over me just that fast. Kissing on me, sucking my tits, rubbing my ass and clit. YESSSSSSSS. Right now I'm really hoping Troy nor Brad comes looking for me. Now if I could just coax Jay and Silent Bob out of their pants I was ready for action. Why did I just know it wasn't going to work out that way? Sure enough Troy stepped back in looking for me. On his cell making orders for pizza and kegs at least I knew the party was still on. Seeing me being pawed up made him step into the shower out of range of running water and begin snapping his fingers. So much for my boy toys. Both men parted from me and stepped out to dry off. Lucky for them their laundry was in the dryers so they were set. I flipped off Troy for ruining my fun. He took my only towel and got it wet just to wind it up for a whip to swat at me. I really wish his cell had slipped from his shoulder where his chin held it. It would serve him right. OUCH! MOTHER FUCKER.
"Shutting my water off I traipsed about soaking wet as he finished his call. Slipping past Troy I made it out into the main area where my launderers were toasty warm now. Lucky them. I was shivering like crazy. Cold enough to literally hop up on the dryer just for any bit of warmth it could offer. The guys were still dying to touch me yet kept their distance due to Troy. Once he had completed his call he stepped in to discuss business. Informing the boy toys just how things were going to be. Nobody touched his baby sister except he and Brad...unless...I broke in with BABY SISTER? Not yet I'm not. He struck me with the wet towel again so I shut up. Sorry but that thing hurt.
"Troy continued while pointing at me to shut up. I listened, not happy about it but I did. He proceeded to tell the two men if they coughed up a hundred bucks each they could fuck me for thirty minutes. Money in the bank they both agreed. I better get a cut I thought. LOL! They were then told to spread the word about a dorm party down here in the basement. Fifty each had to be contributed to the beer and pizza fund. For $150 bucks every guy there would get their chance at me. WHOA! Is my middle name Gangbang? It seemed like it. Not that I'm totally against it. You guys know me and my bad habits. I'm IN.
"Abandoning their loads both men raced upstairs to gather finances and people for the party. After they had gone Troy stepped over to the dryer I was sitting up on and pried my knees wide enough for him to stand between my legs. Once there he reached up with both hands and encircled my entire neck, his thumbs pressing in on my esophagus. His eyes grew dark and I shook like a leaf. After a steady gaze I relaxed as best as I could and awaited his next move. Finally, he spoke.
"WE NEED TO COME TO AN UNDERSTANDING VI. NOW THAT BRAD AND I KNOW ABOUT YOU YOU'RE GOING TO DO WHATEVER WE WANT AND ORDER YOU TO DO. DON'T THINK FOR A SECOND WE'RE WORRIED ABOUT OUR DAD AND YOUR MOM. THIS IS ABOUT OUR PLEASURE. DO I MAKE MYSELF CLEAR? FROM THIS DAY ONWARD YOU'RE OUR SLUT TO WHORE OUT. His words were firm and cold. I merely nodded that I understood. What stressed me was their lack of caring for their Dad's happiness. So much for my strategy to use that as a guilt trip. I think I'm in trouble.
"BRAD WENT TO BUY CONDOMS AND STUFF FOR OUR PARTY. WE'LL ENFORCE GUYS WEAR RUBBERS BUT YOU WILL FUCK ANY GUY THAT PUTS A HUNDRED BUCKS IN MY HAND. UNDERSTOOD? I answered with another nod. I'm relieved they're even concerned over my health. I guess that meant they cared at least some about me. Who am I kidding? They're protecting themselves by keeping me clean and baby free. I maintained a look of fear but truthfully I was a good actress. I was game because I wanted to do this more than being some slave on their leash like earlier. Don't think for one second I'll obey them every fucking time they expected me to do this. If I did I might as well live here at the dorm. Cute guys around 24/7...that wouldn't be a horrible idea. LOL!
"Troy continued with I EXPECT YOU TO BE THE PERFECT SLUT TONIGHT. GO OUT OF YOUR WAY TO TREAT ANYONE WHO PAYS UP LIKE GODS." I whispered, "YES TROY." He then released his right hand from my throat and reached for his back pocket. I HAVE A PRESENT FOR YOU he said returning with something in his hand. Backing away from me he motioned me to stand up and turn to face the dryer. I hopped down prying my sticky ass from the metal due to sitting on it too long. Turning as ordered I felt his hand on my upper spine forcing me to lean over it. His feet nudged my own feet for a wider stance. From there I felt both of his hands in play over my butt cheeks. Prying them apart I felt something sliding into my ass. I reacted badly to his actions which made him show force by slamming me forward and holding my shoulders firmly. OH MY GOD! HE JUST PUT A BUTT PLUG INSIDE MY ASSHOLE.
"I was not ready for more anal dammit. I know both of the Larabee boys warned me they were going to fuck me up the ass next time. This was next time. It felt so weird to have anything up there. Of course I whimpered over it but he drug me upright by my hair and hissed over my shoulder GET USED TO IT. THIS ASS IS GETTING FUCKED A LOT TONIGHT. ARGUING?
"I shook my head under the pressure of his grip and mumbled NO SIR. Let him hear what I know he wanted to hear. I'd try anal but if it became too much I'm gonna punch his lights out. I'll play their games because I want to. If I decide anal hurts too badly...BLACK EYE BUDDY. Who was I kidding? He would put me in a body cast and tell my Mom I slipped on a banana peel. HA! He'd take a black marker and write STUPID CUNT all over my cast. Maybe I was one. I can live with that. LOL!
"All I knew was I intended to be the most obedient slave these dumb fuckers ever had. Until the night was over then I'm out. I'd find a way home if I had to hitchhike naked. Some lucky cab driver was gonna pay my fare for enjoying my company in the backseat if it became necessary. GAME ON TROY. LET'S PARTY BITCH. Damn this butt plug gives me the heebie jeebies. How do girls...HA...some guys wear these things? Walking has to be awkward. Time to find out.
Letting me up Troy turned me to face him and coldly gripped me by my chin. Ouch! I kept to myself. His rants furthered forcing me to comply to half a dozen other such ramblings. To each one I offered another YES SIR or a YES TROY. Feeding his ego that he had me for life I held my breath until he was done. Saved by his cell he released me and took the call. It was his Dad David. I could have cried for help and I know David would have come and rescued me. Naaaa! That would ruin all of my fun. I also didn't want my Mom to end up coming with him and a war start. I shut my mouth and cowered like a good little Oscar winner. i WANT TROPHY'S DAMMIT.
"Telling David he hadn't seen me since stopping home earlier to pick something up...namely me without confessing it, the call ended fairly quickly. As we stood there I heard feet coming down stairs and male voices. At least five or more. MMMMMMM! Come and get me. Instead I discovered guys bringing down pizza boxes and a beer keg on a dolly. Brad was in the lead with a bag of goodies. In the common area of the basement were three sofas and a big coffee table. Off in a corner was a bar with a fridge behind it, three barstools ready for an occupant. Dorm room heaven. They even had a pool table and dartboards. All the comforts of home.
"Seeing me first hand the guys hauling supplies down froze to check me out. Time to play the slave. MY MASTERS WANT ME TO ENTERTAIN YOU. MONEY UP BOYS. The guys easily coughed up $150 to either Troy or Brad. While cash was changing hands I was pawed up just for an early amusement. A stereo behind the bar led to music. While not the 80's metal I was used to dancing to I discovered the favorite choice of the dorm was rap. OH BOY. At least I could perfect my twerking.
"My earlier boy toys returned with more guys. Counting heads as guys kissed on me I calculated 13 now including Troy and Brad. I heard more guys upstairs moving around so I knew things were going to grow. I've always heard that Frat parties were huge. This being a dorm worried me that things might not escalate too heavily. I didn't have time to worry about it further. I was picked up and carried to one of the sofas and forced to sit in the lap of one guy while others continued to touch me all over. The guy I was sitting on developed a taste for kissing my neck. KEEP THAT UP. LOL!
"As a really upbeat rap song started up I felt inspired to dance. Looking directly into my seats eyes I asked if I could dance for him. With a bit of coaxing by others he let me up and watched as more guys helped me up on top of the large square coffee table. There I began strutting my stuff like a born stripper. Whipping my hair about, squeezing my tits together, and of course shaking my booty. I really should check into being a stripper at a club. LOL! I'd make a killing.
"As I twerked my ass hard I felt hands spanking me from behind. I'm shocked that my butt plug hadn't fell out. That damn thing was getting on my last nerve, but I knew Troy wanted me to wear it to make my hole wider. Honestly that by itself made me feel better about it. Maybe just maybe it wouldn't hurt so bad by it spreading the gap. We'll find out sooner or later. Right now... DANCE VIOLET DANCE.
"Guys began pouring down the staircase as I shook my stuff. Beer was tapped and plastic cups were filling rapidly. 13 guys easily doubled. YESSSS! Whoa! Those guys over there are packing a bong. I wanna try weed. I demanded to experience getting high and drunk. No matter what I wanted to get fucked afterwards. I've always heard that drugs and booze intensify the pleasure. I WANT IT ALL BITCHES.
"That coffee table made for the perfect stage as long as I didn't fall off of it and break my neck. I doubt the guys would let that happen, they're surrounding the table, so who has room to hit the floor. Pretty sure not me. Unless they take me to the floor. LOL. More guys filtering downstairs to join the party. In another hour I might be crowd surfing. LOL! FUCK I'M WET.
"While I toss my hair about like a mad woman I caught a glimpse of Brad passing around a bowl of candy. Spoke too soon, the sweet stuff was actually condoms. My sweet booth is crying to be fed. My mind was reeling and I haven't even had a drink. Population overdose was giving me a high without the odor of marijuana in the air. Not that the scent wasn't stimulating. It wasn't long before the song ended. In between songs I fanned my face it was really getting warm down here with all of the extra body heat. Guys were literally blowing on me and laughing. Not helpful but thanks. LOL!
"Finally, Troy made his way through the gauntlet and offered me my very first shot of tequila. He took time to show me the salt and lime trick as I knelt down on the coffee table. I was excited that he was letting me take part in that. OMG! WHAT DID I JUST DRINK?????? MOUTH ON FIRE...luckily the lime and salt balanced out the flame as I choked. Hearing my boy toys cheering at my first real hard liquor made me grimace at first then join them in their amusement. I know my expression had to have been priceless. They've all been there.
"In my quest to dance again Troy stopped me just long enough to reach in between my ass cheeks and make certain the butt plug wasn't slipping out. Satisfied it was snug he slapped my ass hard and bellowed, "DANCE YOU STUPID CUNT." What? He didn't just call me...yeah I guess I am. LOL! After only one shot my body was like a furnace. I could feel the warmth inside me like I was a furnace. Motley Crue's Wildside sent me into a frenzy of motion. Whipping my hair and undoubtedly sweat toward my audience. They loved it. I loved it that they loved it.
"In the heat of battle another shot was forced toward me. This time Brad. I halted my dance routine long enough to crouch and accept it. While I was being prepped with a lick to my hand and salt, I felt fingers between my legs rubbing my pussy. Soaked was not even close to the real reality. Biblical flood was nearer to the truth. As I let Brad pour my drink into my mouth I immediately chased it. SUPERNOVA!! OMG! WHY ISN'T THE WATERING HOLE DRYING UP? LOL! The guy who had dipped his fingers in me brought my wetness to my lips as a secondary chaser. The guys around us praised my acceptance as I fed on his fingers. For some reason I didn't want to let his fingertips go.
"While still kneeling Brad nudged me back and I plopped my ass on to the coffee table. I realized why he had done it once I saw shot glasses being circulated amongst my surrounding worshippers. Looking up at Brad as he tipped a salt shaker over my body I knew then exactly what he intended. OMG! Lime slices being passed around with the shots I saw the eagerness in the eyes of the party boys. Awaiting Brad to make a toast to me I couldn't stop shaking. This was going to be amazing. Salt on my tits, tummy, legs, pussy, EVERYWHERE.
"TO MY WHORE SISTER brad roared. In that single verse everyone excitedly joined him with...TO THE WHORE. My jaw dropped as over ten guys belted back shots then leaned over my body to lap salt from my flesh. Both nipples were sucked on at once before the lime became necessary. OMG! Someone licked my clit. YESSSSSSSSSS.
"As those men stepped away a secondary group moved in with their own shots. Brad added a bit more salt to my tits and thighs. With another toast of TO THE WHORE they fed upon me again. Keep drinking guys. I'm here all night. LOL! Fuck this was erotic. Lingering licks in all of the right places made me crazy. Sitting up I saw Brad unzip his pants and let the whole world see his junk. He didn't seem stressed over guys seeing it either. Somehow I just knew...yep he's sprinkling salt on it. As a guy hands me a third shot I claimed it and downed the tequila like a pro...cough cough choke gag. LOL! Moving in for the kill I swallowed the crown of Brad's dick for the salt. After a proud thirty seconds of hunger I popped my lips away and flicked my tongue. Two different guys leaned over my mouth and squeezed lime juice on to my tongue. The room went ballistic. It was so nice to feel so welcome.
"Before long I found guy after guy wanting the same of me. Dicks were wagging all around me with salt. No way could I take a shot of tequila before every dick or I'd be passed out on the table and hardly any fun for them. After the three shots I'd already downed I was feeling pretty fucking good. Eying all of those cocks my heart was pounding. I knew I was going to feel each and every one of those before the night was over. Is it sad of me to say that I can't wait? Maybe Brad and Troy knew all along what I wanted to be. My inner slut was screaming to get out. Okay, already out. Give me those salty dogs.
"One by one I at least licked the salt from their dicks, making my rounds. Lime juice helped the bitterness of salt. Alright, one more shot of tequila. Gotta wash it all down right? YAY ME! No choking that time. his is gonna go so bad, I just pray I don't start puking. Four shots is going to destroy my belly. I can already feel a fire in my gut. Head is spinning slightly. No more booze or I won't know what the hell I'm doing. I don't want to be a dead lay, I want these guys to know how much I enjoy them. Even if I can't walk afterwards. Yes I recall how sore I was after the last time. We all know I'm not the brightest star in the sky. I can't help myself pure and simple. I'm obsessed with guys wanting me. I NEED guys to want me 24/7. I am what I am. My evolution is complete.
"Feeling tongue after tongue licking me of salt I just stretched out and closed my eyes to feel their enthusiasm. I offered a great show of moans along with visual antics such as arching my back and sighs of content. Not that the act was needed. Trust me I was reacting to their attentions as any woman would if they were in my skin. After a good fifteen minutes of drinking games Brad referred to as VIOLET BEHAVIOR which I found out later he said that because I was thrashing around a bit when being eaten out. I hate myself for admitting this but I think the tequila snuck up on me, somehow I missed some of the action. If I passed out I sure don't remember that. Yet, if I didn't pass out how could I have thrashed about and not realize it? OMG! I'M DRUNK.
"I'd learn even more later when Troy showed me video of my actions under intoxication. After the salt lick I was yanked from the table and thrown to the high paying wolves. Passed from guy to guy sitting elbow to elbow on the three sofas. I rode guys one after the other. At least they wore condoms I could see them. I could tell I was a puppet because my actions weren't as fluid as they might have been, had I been sober. Even over the music and the drunk guys applauding my efforts I heard myself yelling FUCK MEEEEEEEE. That they did. There's that pesky butt plug. I want a copy of this video Troy. LOL!
"I sat between Troy and Brad alone in their dorm room watching this video of the party. It was amazing. Guys even showed me how to get high. I don't even remember doing a bong, all six hits on it. DID I DO IT RIGHT? Brad chuckled rubbing my leg and told me GOOD ENOUGH. I need to try this sober. Even now, here with my future brothers I'm not sober, just coherent enough to absorb what it was that I had done earlier. I was HOT! Drunk and stoned HOT! YAY ME.
"Look at me go. I was hands on all over their scalps. Riding hard even as I'm pawed up from all angles. My nipples are sore from so many guys sucking on them. I wasn't all that happy with Troy and Brad for using me for their own financial gain but strangely I did like sitting here between them watching the video. Being naked all three of us yet relaxing felt rather soothing. It was kind of cool watching what I didn't even remember. The passion of having my throat kissed while fucking gave me the goosebumps. I absolutely love my throat kissed. What I didn't like so much was while I drifted back in that kiss guys were tilting their full condoms of jizz over my mouth. I literally drank more than the four shots of tequila from those. EWWWW! Sad that I swallowed every drop and made a face as if I loved it. Maybe I did at the time. LOL!
"Between two cells I had twenty minutes of hardcore gangbang to add to my future movie. LOL! The last scene of the video ended with Troy removing my butt plug. Seeing it I reached under my butt to find it missing. I hadn't even noticed since they revived me. Brad informed me that it was right after that when they carried me up here and cleaned me up. I asked Troy why he removed the plug so soon. He told me it was his way of ending the movie with a happy ending. I shrugged clueless of his true intent.
"With a motion toward Brad Troy sprawled out on his back and stroked his cock to life. I couldn't resist watching him. Once he was steel hard he snapped his fingers as me and growled STRADDLE THIS FUCKER. I jumped at the chance and crawled over him, reaching under to slide him up inside me. I REMEMBER HIM I laughed. As he watched me thrust up and down on him for a few minutes I hadn't even considered what Brad was doing. Behind me Brad was nurturing his own boner and sneaking in the back door. Realizing it I yelped. Troy in reaction yanked my upper body down over his and surrounded my arms with his. I was pinned to his chest, his mouth offering a succulent return to my throat. I think it was his way of distracting me by passion. No matter how wide that plug had stretched my anus I still felt Brad move in. OMG! IT STILL HURTS.
"I wasn't allowed a choice. Brad fucked my ass as Troy fucked my pussy. Troy's kiss on my neck intensified. I will say it helped control my nerves. After a good five minutes I accepted my fate and learned to enjoy anal. They DID warn me that next time we got together they would tap my virgin ass. It wasn't like I didn't know it was coming. Clue...butt plug. I got used to it. By early morning the boys had switched places and Troy had taken me anally. Both of them cum inside my holes without condoms. Why do I always have to sweat it out the chances of getting knocked up? How hard is it to wear a rubber to protect everyone involved? I endured. I accepted. It did feel marvelous.
"I stayed the day with them. The three of us crowded together sleeping in a full sized bed. Waking up in the late afternoon they fucked me again. One at a time at least. No anal, just missionary. We all three went back down to the basement and showered together. Guys doing laundry watched us. I might just want to live here. LOL!
"Come evening I was driven home. Both boys kept me naked on the ride back. At home they ran interference for me to sneak in and head up to my bedroom. My Mom was there doing yoga in the backyard. After coming down fully dressed now I stopped at the French doors to watch her. Both Brad and Troy were outside talking with her as she contorted her body. Mom was in shape for certain, but why were they gawking at her so heavily? I was inside the house safely, they can stop running interference now.
"Mom seemed to be enjoying their company. OMG! Mom was flirting.
"NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO.
"Barging outside I ended that shit real fast. My Mom was not going there. That was my job. LOL! The boys laughed at my jealousy, heading inside to find their Dad and watch television. Me? I explained my absence to Mom. Whew! Derailed that train.
"Surely, my Mom wasn't that stupid as to...I really had hoped she had changed. Her man's sons? That's too much for even her. Naaaaaaaaaaaaa...she was just feeling sexy. No way would she ruin her marriage a second time. David was her soulmate. FUCK! David was fucking me.
"UGGGGGGGGGGHHHHHHHHH! Why me?
"I need a drink."