Fast food the old fashioned way. Piper and Josie order Chinese and get a grip on their cHOP STICKS. GOO GOO GUY PANT.
*****
"I'm herrrrrrrrrrrre!"
Josie stepped into Piper Cherry's home finding Piper sitting on her sofa as she had when Mace left her, feet up, knees fanning. Walking in to see her in her exposed state Josie grins, "Should I be therrrrrrrrrrre!" She mocks her own entrance spiel.
"Hey Josie! Naaaa! Sorry, lost in thought. Mace is a pain in my butt."
"I can relate. Henry just fucked me up the ass."
"Not what I meant." Piper laughed, "Damn! Tell him to come over and do mine."
"We're insatiable aren't we?" Josie sat down just like Piper, facing her to fan her legs as she was revealing her own cute kitty. An unclean one having just left her husband without washing up. After that adventure in paradise she concluded that she was done with sex for the day. Here and now was meant for alcohol and retreating into one's soul.
"Got that right. I wanted to jump Roger's bones today. God he's Herculean."
"HercuLayin?" Josie got in on the goofy name calling.
Something in Josie's expression caught Piper's inner Counsellor, making her study her neighbor a second longer than necessary, "You're hiding behind jokes I can tell. What's wrong?"
"That easy to read between my lines?"
"Just a vibe. Talk to me."
"Henry asked me about a comment I made. Remember when we talked about my other affairs behind his back?"
"Yep."
"Between us?"
"Of course! Pinky swear even."
"One of them was with his brother Edward."
"Ouch! Did their parents name them after British Kings? Henry the Eighth, Prince Edward in the can?"
"Cute. Their Father is George. Another King. Maybe I never really thought about it. Wow! Now that you mention it Henry's sister is named Victoria. You may be on to something. Anyway Edward got drunk with Henry one night and Henry passed out. Eddie just took me right there in front of Henry. I was drunk too but I knew what I was doing. It was pretty hot I hate to say it. He bent me right over Henry and fucked me from behind while I watched Henry drool."
"Crazy! I know I told you to tell him but...that could crush Henry. Not to mention he might lash out at Edward."
"I know. Edward and his wife Liz are coming to the girls party once I fill them in on the details. God, we still need to form party plans."
"Liz...Elizabeth. Definitely royalty." Piper shook her head, "Yeah, let's not tell Henry about that night. No reason to ruin the girls birthday."
"Right! Should I ever admit to that night?"
"No. Just tell him about the others...unless you slept with more members of his family."
"No. Only Eddie. Although, Victoria's husband Charles told me he wanted to fuck me. I thought about it but just couldn't." It dawns on her, "Charles. I'll never look at my classic literature the same ever again."
"All we need now is a Willy."
"George's brother William. Can we escape the Royal Family please?"
"Off with their heads. I ordered Chinese for Mace and I. You're welcomed to join me I'll share my Kunt Pao...damn...I think I called it that when I ordered. Ah well!"
Josie fidgets in her seat looking toward Piper's TV, "Oooo! The Notebook. I loved Ryan Gosling in that."
"Meeee toooo!" Piper mocked Josie's earlier tone of voice then giggled, "We need Chablis."
"Rose sounds even better." Josie pointed out her preference of wines, lifting her own bottle.
"Rosie palms?" Piper laughed, jokingly using her hand in a jerking off motion, "Too bad we don't have..." She pauses mid flight toward her kitchen, "Hold that...thought."
She needed to mull over what she was having a brainstorm about. Going to her refrigerator she found a bottle of Rose wine and popped it open, selecting two glasses from her cabinet. Pouring them she considers her unorthodox proposal. "Either we call Henry over for this, or Mace. Both are not prime candidates right now. Josie's too worried about being around Henry at the moment considering, and Mace is just...wrong on every level. Not only is he family, but I told Josie not to go near him sexually. If I lapse in that it's going to get out of...hand." A brilliant grin crossed her face in that conclusion, "Wait a minute...why didn't I think of him first. This could be priceless." Withholding her decision until running it by Josie she shuffled back to her besties side. "Rosie for Josie?"
"Why thank you Very Cherry. Oooo! It's so pink." Their goofiness was contagious.
"I have a crazy idea. You up to a little mischief?"
"Today has been one huge mischief in case you've forgotten. Showing my body to my students, being eaten out by Reese..."
"And Mwah!" Piper pointed out tapping glasses before drinking.
"Yes, you did gnaw Mwah! The whole dancing in the fountain at Horton-Dexter, stripping out of my wet t-shirt in the middle of lusting students...instigating an incredible sexual beast I call Hubby...sure what can we do to top off the night?"
"Jesse Manley is delivering our food." Piper winks over her wine glass tilted to her lips.
"Carl's son. Oh my! What are we talking about here?"
"Let's put the Rub in gRubHub. I'll tip him for an hour and let's torment him into jerking off in front of us."
"What about...your nephew? He won't be walking Rotten forever."
"He ordered Ants Climbing a Tree from Fortune Kookies. AUNTS..." She points at herself, "climbing a tree?" Another hand motion leads to Piper acting as if she has a penis.
"Oh, that's just wrong." Josie laughs catching on, "He's...frustrated by you?"
"Blood relative or not that boy is begging for it. So not going there." Hearing her revelation Josie recalls Henry's admission that Tessa Harper was trying to get him to incorporate their daughters into his game Frisque as incest victims. Wrong indeed, she understood. Then, there was that flash of Edward McKellen seducing her eight years ago. Shaking those memories off Josie opened up, "We can, but I can only imagine that Jesse would brag to his dad. Carl would know by morning."
"So?"
"Let's do it."
"Cheers Bitch!" Clink! Clink!
********
Strolling around the block with Rotten doing most of the leading, Mace Belmont spotted a familiar face, two actually. It wasn't Knox Hardecker and his freak brother Dip Poole, instead it was Travis Herbert and...his mega hot mom Kelly. They were bringing in groceries from her car, an older model black Kia Soul after going shopping.
Seeing Mace approaching her Kelly grew sheepish knowing that he had seen her being fucked by her Master Dominic Black in her opened bedroom window. Fearing Travis might overhear something she hurried inside with her bags, Travis in the house with one delivery already. Mace felt badly, he could see her haunted expression. Deciding to try and make her feel better about him he took it upon himself to grabs a few bags from the back hatch and makes the journey toward their front door. Awaiting outside due to Rotten for one, and being respectful for another.
Returning from the kitchen together Travis noticed Mace and grinned, thinking he was there to make friends with him. That had possibilities, but sadly Mace was more there for his mom to make amends. Opening the glass exterior door Travis bubbled to life.
"Hey Macedonia!"
"Say what?" Mace winced with a smirk.
"Sorry! We studied Macedonia in History today. Roman empire stuff. It just fit your name."
"Gotcha! I just thought I'd give you and your Mom a hand."
"Awesome! Thanks Mace. Mom? This is Miss Cherry's nephew Mace. Mace? My mom Kelly."
"Hey Kelly, pleasure to meet you." He passed the bags off to Travis while using his foot to block Rotten from entering their home. "Get your butt back here!" He gruffly commanded. Strangely, Kelly flared her eyes at him. Seeing her reaction Mace smiled, "Help you with the others?" She timidly joined him outside and patted Rotten on the head.
"He's very handsome." She blushed.
Lowering his chin to look at his erection he grinned, "Yeah, he is. Sorry! Couldn't help it! Listen, about earlier? I'm sorry I snooped. I really didn't know what those assholes were up to until I...saw you and your man. I won't tell Travis."
"Thank you. Travis...doesn't care much for Dom. I try to only have him over when Travis is gone, unfortunately my Master does not always listen. I...relent."
"Master? Wow! Pretty big Master, looked like 6'5."
"6'8 actually."
"So, he likes showing you off?"
"Every chance he gets. He rarely has sympathy but...I prefer that."
"I saw how you responded when I said get your butt back here. Your Master have you that on edge?"
"He does. It...sounded like something he might say was all." They walked to the hatch to gather more bags. "Are you friends with my son?"
"If he wants one, I'm here for a few more weeks. Aunt Piper's just getting settled here in Nashville. I brought Rotten there up to her from Atlanta where we're from."
"I see. So, you must know the McKellen's?"
"Ohhhh, yeah!" He chuckled.
"Aren't their daughters adorable?"
"Mom isn't so bad either. I keep your secret, you keep mine?"
"Agreed." She blushed yet again.
"Josie is smoking hot. I mean so are Dakota and Sable but...I'm a MILF man myself. Not flirting by the way." He winked, "Well, maybe a little." Kelly merely smiled as she awaited Mace to head for the door. He nodded gentlemanly for her to take the lead but realized his mistake, "The man takes the lead, I get it." In response Rotten took the lead tugging at his full hands.
"Hey! HEEL!" Rotten stopped instantly making Mace look back at Kelly. She had changed positions and was now on her knees beside him. Shocked Mace suddenly didn't know what to say. She refused to even look up at him.
Next door at the Hardecker home Knox came out to check the mail for his dad and noticed, "Daaamn! That dude has game." Raising his voice Knox made his presence known, "Taming Momma Herbert! I'm digging it Bro."
"Fuck off Dickhead." Mace glared defensively.
"Gonna make me?"
"Sure! Rotten? DEFENSE!" The dog tugged hard at his leash barking like crazy. It was all Mace could do to hold the groceries in his hand. Knox paused in his yard advance and backed off.
"He bites me I'll sue you and your slut Aunt, then I'll have him put down."
"Is that before or after he rips your arms off and you have to sign papers with your toes?"
"Whatever! Watch your back Skinnydipper."
"Always do Slimebag." Knox relented and just went back inside his house. Birds raised if you know what was meant.
Hearing the arguing Travis returned from the house to see his mom on her knees beside Mace, then Rotten snarling at Knox. "What's going on?"
"Your mom dropped a bag." Mace now defended Kelly, "Pssst! Get up." She did and resumed her normal self blushing heavily. "Hey Trav...come get your Mom's bags she's looking a little pale."
"Your sugar low Mom? She's diabetic." Travis cautiously stepped closer as Rotten calmed down.
"I'm fine. Just...clumsy."
"Need me to carry you to bed?" Mace acted concerned then stuck his tongue out at Kelly while Travis grabbed her bags.
"That's thoughtful of you. I'll manage on my own. Thank you Travis." Her son claims every bag she had. Before he could step away Mace opted to make their day, "Oh! Travis...My Aunt has a date Saturday, I was gonna ask if you and the McKellen twins wanted to come over and watch movies with me. That is if I can find a movie in her collection that isn't romantic...or porn."
"You want ME to hang out with you?" Travis dropped his jaw, "With Sable?"
"And, Dakota." Kelly pepped up at Mace's kind gesture of friendship toward her son.
"Let me think about it." Travis turned away before he stood the chance of dropping his bags and hurried to the front door. As he faded away Kelly looked at Mace warmly, "Bless you Mace. He really does need friends. He's always been...difficult, since his Father."
"Divorced?"
"Deceased."
"Ah hell! Sorry to hear that. You don't have to go into detail. Why did you heel when it was meant for Rotten?"
"It's my...conditioning."
"Yeah, but shouldn't it be just toward that Dom guy?"
"All men must be honored with respect."
"Riiiiight! You ever bow before that Knox guy, I'll kick your hot ass."
"Let's hope he doesn't ever understand this effect it has on me."
"Damn! Take a couple bags my arms are tired trying to hold them and Rotten." He passes a couple to her. "Now you can have Dom over again Saturday."
"He works every Saturday."
"Ah! He a WWE wrestler?"
"No! Male stripper."
"No shit!"
"Did you happen to notice how...large he was?"
"Ummm! I was looking at you more." She carefully showed him with her fingers a foot in length between two magnetic poles. "He has a foot long?"
"Yes! Why do you think I scream so loud?"
"Hey!" He winks and nods toward his tented sweats. "9.5!" In response she watches as he turns his back to the possibility of Travis or Knox seeing him and pulls the front of his sweats out for her to slyly examine his cock. Impressed she merely grinned as Mace decided enough was enough. "You better get inside. I see ice cream in that bag."
"Thank you. Travis can get the rest. I'll make sure he comes over to watch movies with you. He's...just fond of Sable McKellen, nervous about it too."
"I'll make a man out of him for you." Realizing how that sounded he chuckled, "You know what I mean. You ever need to talk I'm all ears."
"I'll be fine. Thank you for your concern."
"Right! Shit! I bet dinners here by now. Piper ordered us some Chinese food." He stepped away, "Tell Trav to bring some DVD's. Aunt Piper still hasn't got cable hooked up."
She waved goodbye and went inside. Travis would be full of questions.
********
Ten minutes prior to Mace's walk, Henry McKellen had dinner on the table. A simple enough meal of grilled cheese and French fries. Heading upstairs to let the girls know dinner was ready he paused at their sealed doors to listen for further moaning. Having known both girls were masturbating he felt guilty even peeking in. This time he knocked. "Kota? Dinner's on the table."
"Coming!" He heard and almost chuckled saying, "Still?" under his breath. Moving to Sable's door it opened unexpectedly as he raised his hand to knock.
"I almost knockered on your...knocked on your...forehead." His eyes dropped to his daughter's chest. She was wearing that camisole blouse she had borrowed from her Mother. With 34B's of her own just like Josie there was plenty of tender dances with no bra beneath. Down below she was wearing white shorts that he just knew by the creases that no panties were being worn either.
"Don't beat me Daddy." She giggled and hopped up as if trying to tap her own knuckles on his forehead. Those titties bounced quite lively in her silliness.
"Go eat there's grilled cheese and fries."
"So much grease and fat. Ewww!"
"I used the air fryer on the fries." He playfully raised his palm at her, "Get moving before I swat you on the behind." She flared her eyes recalling being spanked a few days prior. Like her sister it seemed to be less embarrassing and more...enjoyable. The girls however kept that to themselves.
Hearing Henry admit earlier that he had interest in them sexually had a weird effect on them. Not that they truly wanted that, but it was just the thought that a man was that interested in them got their hormones all worked up. Sable bit her lower lip and wiggled away. With one daughter downstairs Henry just leaned on Dakota's door frame waiting to see how long it would take his eldest to come out. Two minutes of rolling his eyes her door finally came open and she jumped at his hovering.
"Daddy! You scared me. Why are you...waiting on me?" Her eyes grew shy but her adrenalin was spiking. In a brash move she dove into him hugging his waist tightly. Shocked by her sudden response he stood up straight and just lifted her off of her feet for a much loftier hug. She squealed at his strength and felt his arms tightly around her waist. Not only that but she could feel his erection pressing into her bikini area. Wearing similar shorts as Sable was wearing, only in pink, it was full on contact with her thighs. "EEEEEK! DADDYYYYY!"
"Sorry I couldn't resist. Can't a Father love his daughter?"
"YESSSSSSSSSSSS!" She expressed with eyes as wide as her smile. Hearing her tone Henry swallowed dryly, she sounded just like her Mother when she spoke a very sensual verse of, "Yessssssssss!" His dick rose unexpectedly at the glee behind it. He had to put her down after that realization, he was sweating bullets.
"Go eat."
"Are you coming?"
"Grrrrrrr! I...think I'm done for one night."
"What?" She pouted.
"Cooking. I need to go work on my game."
"Twin tanks?" She winked as if hinting at something.
"Hey! Good idea! Speaking of tanks?" He looked down at her chest, her white tank top visibly showing off nipple erection, no bra, no panties, a thin wet spot was noticed between her legs. "That shirt...looks nice on you."
"You're going to make me change it aren't you?" She pouted. "I knew it wouldn't last letting us grow up. You even made me button up today."
"Uhhh! Your tits were hanging out a bit too much Kota. No, I'm not making you change. Just...keep them covered."
"I unbuttoned it again after you dropped us off." She studied his reaction.
"Your Mom see that?"
"Not that I know of. But, Mister Manley did. He didn't yell at me or tell me to button up."
"You bragging?"
"A little." She stuck her tongue out at him.
"Y'know what? I'm just going to bite that tongue...I mean my tongue. You do what you want and suffer whatever consequences comes from it." He had a feeling a lot of boys were going to come of it in the future. "You make your own choices going forward. Just don't come...crying to me when some boy paws you up over it."
"Boys don't look at me much." He was looking directly at her tits when she said that. She trembled in his gaze. Daddy did want her she thought. In that singular heartbeat Henry looked up and said, "I know that's bullshit. Now get your ass downstairs before Sable eats all the fries."
Dakota shrugged, "They really don't. Only all of them." Another razz of her tongue she ran down the staircase for some grub.
********
Speaking of grub...
"HAHAHAHAHAHA!" Piper and Josie were laughing while getting drunk on their wine, "I can't believe Carl didn't yell at you for the fountain incident. He never said a word to me even. Did he know we stripped out of our shirts and got dressed in front of the older students?"
"If he did he didn't let on. He probably suspects something more than us just dancing in the fountain. Maybe he didn't hear whomever was talking about it tell the whole story."
"Oh my God! Piper...the things we're getting away with. You know it's only going to get worse."
"I hope so." Piper giggled, nearly snorting her wine.
"How far can we really go? I mean...my whole 1st period class wants me. It's tough to not give in completely."
"So don't."
"Tiffany Edwards is my only cock block, lick lock." She amused herself, "She's 17. The only student in my first hour class that is. Everyone else is eighteen."
"I'll take care of Tiff in the morning. Let me worry about her."
"Ummm! Okay..." She winced then giggled again, "I think Reese is going to fuck me. He was teasing me out by the food truck. Playing hard to get but seemed so...dramatically stern when he mouthed his words toward me."
"Sweetie? You just get your Reese's pieces."
"Am I being stupid? I mean I KNOW I am, but...am I?" She laughed, "I love my job as much as I love sex. If I were to lose my job I think I'd..."
"Get another one. Try living my life...I married a murderer. I have a questionable Senator for a dad. A nephew with a huge..." Piper stopped short biting her tongue. She hadn't meant to go there.
"At least we have our looks. That should get us everywhere."
"Exactly! Worry about the future when it gets here." On that note the doorbell rang, "Future's here." Hopping up almost tripping over her feet Piper raced to the front door, Josie giggling and dogging her bestie's heels. Eyes flaring at one another in preparation Piper opened the door to see Jesse Manley, Grub Hub driver supreme.
"Hey Ladies!" He smiled brightly at their exuberance. "Dinner is served."
Exterior door opening Piper reaches out and takes him by his free wrist and drags him inside. In the narrow entryway Jesse found himself smothered between both women, tits on his chest, tits on his back. "Daaaaamn! Best tits...tips ever." Even he enjoyed a good play on words. A darting of eyes, craning of neck he explored both of the women as best he could. "Uhhh? What's going on here?"
"This is your lucky day Jesse Messy." Piper lowered her tone of voice in a sensual way taking his bag of Chinese from him. "Follow me."
"Us!" Josie giggled, waiting for Piper to take the lead in guiding Jesse through the hall and out into the living room. Josie up close behind Jesse was pinching his ass making him chuckle. "Caboose!" She sang "Choo choo!", squeezing his left cheek in her hand, wine glass held steady in her right.
Reaching the sectional, Piper moved in front of Jesse and forced him to topple backwards into the center seat of the sofa, then sat the bag of food aside. Josie seating to his left up close and personal, Piper sitting to his right just as close. Hands went into motion rubbing over his chest. "Is this really happening?" Jesse swallowed aloud.
"Are you going to disappoint two drunk sluts Jesse?" Piper teased him seductively using her fingers as if a spider crawling up his chest to tweak his chin.
"Two really drunk sluts." Josie repeated Piper's spider tactic in the other direction until she touched his brewing erection, literally pinching his crown through his jeans. "Itsy bitsy...found licksy dicksy."
"Holy fuck!" He huffed looking as her fingers toyed with his length and girth beneath his jeans. "Shit! Don't do this to me I have orders to pick up."
"Not any more you don't." Piper toys with his cell in his opposing hand lifting it up, "I'm buying you for an hour. Cancel your next couple deliveries. Unless...you don't want..." Her hand slid down his front to join Josie in crotchville. Toying with his pants button while Josie fancied his zipper Jesse Manley swiftly cancelled his orders.
"It's my night off." He chuckled. Both women sat their wine glasses on the coffee table freeing themselves up.
"Oh you're going to take it off alright." Piper undid his pants, Josie easing his zipper down and the two beauties set out to join forces in tugging his pants down to his knees. With no boxers or briefs on his seven inch pecker popped free and mighty. "Mmmm!" Both women praised him as equals. "Bigger than I hoped." Piper winked. "Jesse?"
"Y-y-yeah?"
"You do the honors and so will we." Josie takes his right hand and curls his fingers around his beast. Jesse took the hint and began jerking off. Once he began it was brisk and hopeful. With room on both sides of him the women eased away and stretched out on their bellies, feet dancing up and down while laying their chins on his legs right next to his stroking hand. They watched him play with himself and took turns blowing a breeze over his lap.
"Ohhhh fuck! You two are so hot."
"Are we?" Piper smiled looking up at him with mischievous eyes. Josie eying his purple crown with a devilish sparkle in her own gaze. Hunger was rising and it wasn't for Chinese.
"I've lusted for Josie all through high school. You since that first delivery."
"Awww! Jesse?" Josie smiled, "Did you undress me in class with your eyes?"
"Ohhhh yeaaaaah! Hell I fucked you on your desk."
"Mmmm! Maybe you should drop by my class for a visit sometime."
"You...you would let me...do that?"
"Why would you ask me when you could just take me there?"
"OH I'M STOPPING IN."
"Good! I'll be waiting. Oh, Jesse? I rarely wear panties these days." She lifts her hips and tugs her long shirt up to reveal her ass to him. His free hand instantly reached out over Josie and tugged her shirt higher to see clear up her body to her shoulder blades. Caressing her back she sighed and blew another gust of breath toward his cock. "Much cooler."
Piper adopted a repeated version of her besties move and pulled her own t-shirt just as high. "Let me help you out Jesse." She then removed his fingers and began jerking him off with a soft enjoyable arousing manner. Freeing him up his hand slid over her to rub her body as well. It was a seesaw effect leaning from side to side in order to caress both beauties in fair amounts.
"I wanna help." Josie moved her hand over to playfully tease his foreskin as Piper groped and stroked. His head fell back at two hands on him at once. Moaning Jesse Manley just could not cope.
"Faster! Rub it faster."
"Mmmmm! He said Grub it faster." Piper winked at Josie. Crawling up closer to him Josie was on her knees now, her mouth moving over Jesse's crown. Lips puckering she kissed his urethra to a deafening gasp. Jesse looked down with a yearning gaze curious to see if she would actually go all the way. Josie with her head tilted in order to look up at him rolled her tongue along his foreskin, flicking it like a lizard in heat.
"PLEASE SUCK IT!" He begged.
"What would your father think of us Jesse?" Piper posed the question to torment him.
"He already thinks you two are fucking crazy hot. He just doesn't let you know what he's thinking."
"Oh really?" Josie paused her licking to listen, "Why does he do that?"
"Military background!" He huffs as Piper blows over his lap to keep his imagination intact. "He and I talk a lot. He won't act on things though because of my mom. You...didn't hear me spill his secrets."
"Hear what?" Piper winked, "So...Carl knows how...bold we are in school?" She knew he was aware of some things, maybe not all.
"Everything! You know there's cameras right?"
"WHAT?????" Josie froze, "Where?"
"Everywhere."
"Since when?" She panics making Jesse groan at his loss.
"Please don't stop." He winces, Piper increasing her own interest in his cock to relax him.
"Piper? If Carl is seeing everything we do...EVERYTHING we do..." She emphasizes, "We're in big trouble Bestie."
"No you're not." Jesse trembles as Piper resumes licking the length of his dick, rubbing his balls, all while looking up at him. "Dad erases it to keep it from the school board. My dad is smart he created a loop that just shows you guys acting normal."
"Really? So, he...he's on our side?"
"Totally! Don't tell him though he'll kill me. He likes making you two squirm. Trust me he's got your backs."
"He better or I'll be hunting you down Jesse." Josie winces sobering up quickly. Before she could draw away from his lap Piper reaches over and grabs her by the head and drags her back to Jesse's cock. Joining forces Josie took over sucking him off while Piper licked his penis from the side. In two minutes on the dot Jesse snarled and tensed up.
Both women pulling their mouths away slipped to the floor in front of him hovering their faces cheek to cheek. Equally taking on the task of helping himself jerk off he fired away, thick white strands of cum freefalling over their faces. Their persistence coated their smugness from brow to chin, from ear to ear. Jesse Manley resorted to falling back into the couch and breathing heavily.
"THAT WAS FUCKING AWESOME."
Piper seeing his cell phone on the cushion winks at Josie and she hands it to Jesse's trembling grasp. "Take a picture Jesse." Brows lifting at the prospect he raised his cell and snapped a photo of their milky complexions. The pictures became a video once Piper began licking Josie's face of Jesse's cum. Josie in response getting in her own gathering tongue full before they kissed and shared in his delivery.
After they broke their kiss and beguiled him with a warm smile Jesse poised the camera toward himself acting as if making a commercial. "RUBHUB! ON TIME EVERY TIME!" They all had a good laugh.
On time was right. Hearing the front door open and Rotten come breezing through to pounce on the women wanting to play, Mace made his presence known.
"Food's here! Awesome I'm starving."
"We ate already." Josie laughed tugging her shirt back over her hips to prevent Mace seeing her. Piper doing the same left only Jesse sitting half naked. Seeing his dick Mace chuckled.
"So my Aunt climbed your tree."
"Sup Dude?" Jesse nodded with zero hurry to get dressed.
"Jesse? This is my nephew Mace. Mace? Dinner." Piper laughed.
"Mine's bigger." Mace smirked.
"It's not about the size Mace, " Josie giggles, "Okay, that's a lie."
"Wanna see?"
"NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!"
Mace rolled his eyes at their volume. "What the hell! No fortune cookies from a place called Fortune Kookies?" Mace dug into the bag dragging out cartons of food to find them missing
"I have a fortune for you." Piper chuckled, "He who walk dog good leader."
"He who have big dog have big peter." He fired back standing right over Josie, his tented erection an inch from contact with her face. She had to turn away or chase his tail.
"He who just had awesome blowjob gots to go." Jesse stood and pulled his pants up while the ladies sheepishly looked up at him from their knees and fluttered their fingers goodbye.
"Wait! Let me pay you for your missed profits." Piper crawled upward using Josie as leverage to an expression of, "Bitch!"
"I'm good. Call me next time you need Cream of Some Yung Guy."
"Oooo! Wayne's World! Wayne's World! Party On!" Both women broke into laughter.
"Nice meeting you Mace." Jesse offered a fist bump, but with his hands full eating Mace used his elbow to tap back. Not only that he knew his hand had to have touched his dick at some point. "Piper has my number. If you're in town long enough we should hang out."
"Cool."
"I'll walk you out Jesse." Piper followed him hands on his shoulders as if starting a conga line.
Josie hopped to her feet brushing her t-shirt out to be certain she was covered, then drank the remainder of her wine, while eying Mace. Mace looked directly at her and offered her a bite, "Ants?"
"One is enough." She winked.
"Nephews?"
"Shush!" She shivered at his offer. "I need to get home before Henry...that does look yummy." She adored Chinese food. Instead of using his fork he scoops up a nibble with his fingers and reaches over to her lips. She winced at him then took the temptation letting him place the bite of rice and pork on her tongue, closing her lips around his fingers for a mere five seconds as if savoring the moment. "Mmmmm! Delicious." A pat to his cheek Josie wiggled away and stepped outside with Piper and Jesse.
"Night Josie." Jesse nodded.
"Hang on." She joined Piper beside him, "Your Father...really knows every move we make?"
"Yeah...he does. Please keep it to yourself. I don't wanna be disowned."
"Our secret Jesse." Piper comforted him with a soft gentle rub to his bicep.
"Trust me Ladies, you're never going to be in trouble as long as my dad has your backs. Just...don't push him into something that pisses him off. He's a voyeur...nothing more. Mom has him by the balls."
"Some Drill Instructor."
"Oh, he's tough. My Mom is tougher though." He chuckles.
"Alright! I'm heading home. See you tomorrow Wench." Josie kisses Piper on the lips then shuffles home. Jesse loved that wiggle.
"You two like lovers now?"
"Something like that. There's still room between us for you." Piper giggled, "Night Jesse Messy."
"Night...Piper Sniper."
"Got you in my cunt hairs." She stuck her tongue out using her fingers to make a plus sign. She too wiggled back inside leaving Jesse Manley hard all over again.
"I wonder if Tawny's home." Jesse got in his car and drove away.
Joining Mace in the house ready to feed her face she found Rotten licking the Styrofoam container her food had been in. Looking at the bag, and other containers pretty much picked over she looked at Mace with awe.
"Did you feed Rotten my Kunt Pao?"
"You said you ate already."
"OH, YOU MOTHERFUCKER!"
She jumped him straddling his lap and wrestling with him. His own food spilling on to his chest. Laughter between bitter growls she pinned him to the couch back, her chest right in his face. "You're a pain in my ass."
Rotten grew agitated by their scuffle. "You wanted Aunt's climbing a tree you got it Buddy." Her pussy beneath her shirt rubbed along his beastly erection. While it did feel good to her it was mainly meant to torture him. She had no intention of giving it up to her nephew, merely make him have to go jack off in his room. He laughed and moaned slightly looking up over her breasts at her heated expression.
"I got another fortune for you asshole...She who ride cock send chicken to KFC." Hopping off of him she points to the door, "You have money. Go get me a bucket of extra crispy. My taste for Chinese just went out the window."
"Call your GrubHubber."
"Nope! GO GET ME CHICKEN."
"Fine!"
She knew he would chicken out.
He crossed the road.
In a sense so did Piper.