For those that commented so nicely on my previous Prequel about Chrissy, this is the beginning of the story I wrote first. It is quite a long tale and will be slow to edit and tidy but be patient it will come.
As with my other story's this is set in a fictional world where there are no nasty diseases and no unwanted pregnancy.
I am a total amateur at this and write purely for my own pleasure, I know that my Grammar is not great and there will be mistakes if that's a problem for you read no further I could use someone to edit these tales but why waste someone else's time.
I welcome comments as long as they are constructive, if you want to leave abusive messages about something offered to you for no charge then also feel free I won't hold it against you after all the world would be dull without morons to brighten the day.
*****
I have been single now for around a year, my second marriage had failed, apparently I had spent too much time at work. Strangely up to this point being single hadn't bothered me or even crossed my mind. I had found a nice old Victorian sea front flat, I had the top two stories of the building, it had a large balcony and across the road there was only the shingle beach and the Sea opposite me, I spent some time doing up my new pad and spent the winter watching old films and working.
The change of seasons if you can spot the difference between a British winter and spring changed my mind set. The lighter and milder evenings meant I didn't want to sit in my flat watching films and TV, I started to slowly join the outside world again at first out walking around the harbour and sea front still alone. But at some point I started to miss having someone to talk to, work colleagues don't count as let's be honest when they ask how you are they don't actually want to know, with this in mind I started to get out more often in the evenings and weekends. Sitting in local bars soaking up the atmosphere, from the outside I guess people watching, having moved to this area following my marriage and working up in and around London I knew no one in what was now my home town at least I thought I didn't.
One Friday evening spring now having turned in to what was forecast to be a good summer, I showered and changed then wandered down to a Pub on the Harbour wall, I settled in with a cold pint to watch the world go by listening to other people's worries and dreams. I was pleasantly passing an hour or so and somewhere during my third pint I heard "Hey I haven't seen you for ages".
I looked up to see firstly some very long legs closely followed by a short denim skirt. I still keenly remember the four big brass buttons up the front of the skirt. Suddenly realising that I wasn't looking in the right direction I raised my eyes to see one of my ex-wife's friends. The last time I had seen Christina she was about 18 and hung around on the edge of the group of friends my ex and I were part of, she was younger than the rest of us with my ex being 24 and I being the oldest at 35 at the time.
When she was 18 Chrissy had evolved from a shy girl almost invisible to something else. She was always something to look at with long legs and nearly always short skirts but shortly after meeting her, marriage and work meant moving on and I had lost touch with the whole group.
And now we are 5 years further on, she was around 5'10" and had filled out a little to a very shapely size 12 she looked great, better than great she was absolutely gorgeous, stunning in fact. The long legs were complimented by what appeared to be a very fine C Cup tits covered by a black and white halter neck top. I could clearly see the prominent lumps her nipples made showing the absence of a bra, long thick wavy chestnut hair and a cute smile topped off the whole package.
Finally realising I was staring I managed a stammered greeting and offered her a drink in all honesty I was expecting her to have something else to do or someone else to see, but she accepted my offer and asked for a very ladylike pint of lager.
Sat next to her we caught up on old times laughed over the past adventures of some of our mutual friends, although I remember almost none of this early conversation, sat as she was I could not help but notice that her skirt now that she was sitting down was very close to exposing her panties, it did cover her but my mind was begging for it to ride up just a little more.
We continued to chat and I continued to pray that the skirt would expose a little more, it however stubbornly refused to move. The clock was ticking and I hoped to see a little more before the pub closed and we went our separate ways, finally the bell was rung to signal last orders, we finished our drinks and I followed Christina out of the pub. We walked along the harbour wall back towards the taxi rank, I hadn't up until this point thought that this was any more than a pleasant evening in the company of some very nice thighs which I had been studying for some time, subtly I hoped.
Chrissy then surprised me again by suggesting a small club and a few more drinks the club was only a few minute walk from where we were, having already had probably more than I was used to and with the possibility of studying those thighs some more how could I refuse, paying for entry and grabbing a couple of shots as well as beers, we perched on a sofa in the corner and carried on from where we had left off in the pub. This was Chrissy talking with me making the occasional comment while trying to get a better view up her skirt, she mentioned that she was single again and would not be able to be too late home as she was staying at her mum's until she could find her own place.
The noise of the club meant that we had to lean in closer to hear each other, but after a while I moved to stretch my leg which I had been sort of sat on sitting sideways on the sofa, as I stretched and leant back I finally got that peak up the skirt. I had spent most of the evening fantasising about what would they be, a thong or maybe some sexy black lace but they were neither, from my new angle I could see a smooth bare pussy there was nothing under the skirt at all other than a shaved bare and glistening pussy.
Now even in the dim lighting of the club I could see almost every detail from the fleshy lips to the smooth skin, my trousers were suddenly feeling very tight, Chrissy was talking but not wanting to lose my view I didn't lean forwards again so I couldn't hear a word.
At some point I had been rumbled, Chrissy didn't move away but she looked at me with a quizzical smile her eyebrows raised, I think we were both waiting for each other to say something, being male I had no idea what I should say having been caught looking at a young friend's pussy so I adopted the only defence mechanism I had learnt while being married. I apologised and awaited my scolding, what I got was Chrissy grabbing me, pulling me forward and sticking her tongue down my throat which I have to be honest was a bit surprising. And after what was probably only a second or two my mind switched on and I gave as good as I got with the tongue wrestling, I had eventually (I am a little slow) realised I may be in with a shout of some more of this, even if I did think it may be alcohol fuelled. After a few minutes of kissing I suggested going back to my place as it's just around the corner and we can talk more there, I was hoping not too much talking though if I'm honest.
The walk to my flat wasn't far not even ten minutes' if all you do is walk, however our walk took considerably longer nearly an hour and that hour has changed my life for ever.
As I said I live on the Sea front literally right opposite the Sea, as we walked away from the club I offered a to get a Kebab, it seemed like the gentleman like thing to do and I wanted to keep my energy up I was hoping for some more of the tongue wrestling after all. Standing close after ordering our Kebab with several of the shops staff only separated by a glass fronted chiller unit Chrissy again leant in for some more kissing. She held my hand and placed my right hand on the inside of her thigh I could feel myself trembling knowing how close I was to her bare pussy, not looking down but knowing I must be mere millimetres from that warm flesh. I was very aware of where I was and I didn't dare move I didn't want to ruin what was looking like a very promising night.
We continued to kiss very passionately now with my brain screaming with how close I was to her pussy, this was the first point that I was completely surprised, Chrissy broke off the kiss leant back a little and looked down at my hand then back at my face she smiled reached down and lifted her skirt.
Now as I said it was a denim skirt and when she lifted the skirt it turned inside out and stayed up being stiff denim, leaving her pussy completely free of any cover, with her back to the shop staff only I could see as her coat was covering her from behind, she then kissed me again and pushed my hand onto her pussy.
Now this was totally new to me I am stood in a Kebab shop with a hot and younger woman baring herself to me. I am not that slow so took full advantage by slipping my finger between her pussy lips and finding out that she was warm and very wet, being close against me my hand was hidden from view so I explored the wet pussy from the top of her slit to the bottom. With very wet fingers I started to circle on her hard clit which I could feel very easily I could feel her moving gently on my finger and knew that I had found the right spot. As she pushed back against my hand, my mind is focused on her and I start to forget the situation and enjoy the moment. I have never been as hard as I was now, I felt her rub her palm across my cock which was now making my Jeans very uncomfortable.
"Chilli Sauce, Salad?" I heard from behind the counter pulling me back to where I was, at this point the next surprising moment happened. Chrissy turned and leant against the glass chiller cabinet to direct the guy with what salad and sauce she wanted, now I had been drinking and so had she, I know that's my excuse for not realising straight away. Having turned to face the glass her skirt had not dropped back down, like I said it was denim and fairly stiff, Chrissy now stood with her bare pussy almost touching the glass while chatting about Mayo and red cabbage. At this point I'm not sure if the guy can see, but when she said "Oh and a can of Lilt please", the guy ducked down and reached into the chiller cabinet. From where I stood I could see him as clear as a bell and his face was a picture, he was on the same level as her pussy which I know was very wet he could probably see that as well, he hovered for a few seconds but then reluctantly stood back up.
I at this point have never been so turned on it was a totally new experience for me, unsure if she knew or not I without thinking said "a can of lilt for me as well please". I saw the smile on the corner of his mouth as he ducked back down and into the chiller. Up until now we were the only customers I guess because we left the club early but behind us came a group of 4 lads all around 18 I guess. Once the Kebab man passed our food after we had paid him Chrissy thanked him, I was still a bit dazed.
She then turned and left the shop still exposed, although her coat had flapped over and covered her a little, not enough though as the 4 lads got a flash of her bare pussy as she walked towards the door, Chrissy said "come on it's a warm night let's eat on the beach".
Typically for the Kent coast we have mainly shingle beaches there are some sandy bays but further away, so we sat on the Stoney beach and ate, it was semi dark as we are just off the footpath with streetlights behind us, my head is still spinning over what had just happened in the Kebab shop as I ate.
Chrissy asked if I enjoyed it, I thought she meant the Kebab but she laughed and said "no stupid the fun in the shop", apparently she had known what she was doing the whole time and said she loved to play games and tease people. And she had started the evening with the intention of teasing and flashing someone I assured her she had done that alright with a smile.
We had finished eating and Chrissy got straight back into the kissing, although she now tasted of Donna Kebab. I was as horny as hell and decided to enjoy this as it may be the last opportunity, she had after all admitted that she liked to play games, well if it was only for a short time I may as well make the most of it, laying back on the stones her coat open I looked down and reached for that short skirt. The big Brass buttons where shining in the street light, rather than lift her skirt I undid the bottom of the 4 buttons looking up at her to see the reaction. She smiled and looked back at me, looking into her eyes I slid my hand to the next button, again no reaction so undone it came. A quick peep down to see what was on show was disappointing, bloody stiff denim was stubbornly not moving, back to her eyes as I moved to the third button, again no reaction so again undone, her skirt now only held by the one waist button had finally parted a little and I could see in the dim light the pale smooth skin of her pussy again.
Now I have always been a people watcher and a Voyeur I love to see, and I wanted to see how far this would go, Chrissy's top button was asking to be undone so I felt I should oblige. Again looking into her eyes I slipped my fingers up until I gripped the last button, I slipped it undone and the skirt fell away to both sides. We kiss again and again my fingers parted the folds of her now exposed again fleshy pussy and I quickly found her wetness.
Now it's always difficult to use both hands and kiss when lying down so the kissing stopped as I reach for her top. So far because of the easy accessibility of her Pussy I haven't really thought about exploring other areas, but now we are alone even if it's on a beach four steps from the foot path. So I think to myself let's keep going and see how far I will be allowed to go. I am kind of kneeling over her with my left hand alternating between slipping my fingers up and down her wet slit and circling her clit, she has now closed her eyes and is grinding her pussy into my hand.
I am almost holding my breath as I slowly and gently pull the bow on her halter neck, as it loosens she lifts her head to enable me to pull if from around her. I am still playing with her pussy slipping first 2 then 3 fingers into her dripping pussy, with my other hand I pull the front of her top down and uncover her truly perfect tits, they are firm, pert and the nipples are as hard as small pebbles. I look down at her almost completely naked body except for her top around her waist. She is pushing back at my hand as I slip her a 4th finger and take a nipple between my lips, sucking it in hard as she almost breaks my fingers as she comes on my hand.
She is still pushing her pussy into my hand as she finally releases my swollen cock from my Jeans and slowly rubs up and down the length of my cock. I am so glad she is being gentle as I'm close to coming before she even starts stroking me, at this point I am on my knees sliding 4 fingers into a very wet and sticky pussy hole whilst she strokes my cock.
I hadn't taken much notice of anything other than her body for what was probably only 15 - 20 minutes but a movement caught my eye, I looked round to see the four teenagers from the Kebab shop sitting quietly on a bench maybe 2 metres away. Now they couldn't see everything as my back was towards them and hiding some of Chrissy, but I was positive they could see something and absolutely positive they knew what we were doing. Chrissy pulled me down to her and said "lay down I want to taste you", I was kind of trying to say the guys are over there when she said "I know they have been there for a while". We swapped places with me laying on my back and Chrissy shrugged off her coat, she had her back towards the young guys with her top around her waist and her skirt laying on the ground, she leant forwards and took my cock into her mouth.
By leaning forward, she had to be offering a great view of her open and somewhat stretched pussy to the guys behind her, her skirt now discarded on the beach and her perfect tits hang down, I would love to say that I took my time over this sexy scene, but I had been celibate for over a year and teased for what seemed like hours, Chrissy slid my cock to the back of her throat once, twice and the third time I came what felt like a bucketful which she swallowed without hesitation.
After I had gotten over the week knees, she stood up putting her coat back on and she put her skirt in her pocket. Taking my hand, she waved at the young guys, 2 of which I am sure were wanking in their pocket. I lead her along the path and towards my flat, which was very close only a few minutes away, while we walked I kept looking sideways she had made no attempt to cover up and by the time I got home I could already feel my cock stiffening due to the outstanding view.
We got into my flat and although now it was late just after 2 AM I didn't want the evening to end, I made coffee and we sat on my bright red leather sofa, Chrissy had removed her coat and now sat with her top around her middle like a belt, with the light on I could now see clearly all that I had only seen in dim lighting before, she was sitting back and brazenly showing off her body, her tits where topped with neat hard nipples, she has obviously freshly shaven her pussy, which is just how I like them, she had long fleshy Labia which were still parted giving me a perfect view of her pink and glistening pussy.
I managed to drink most of my coffee before needing to get back to the task in hand, it was like being a teenager again with my cock stiffening so soon after emptying itself down her throat we groped and kissed and as Chrissy slipped to the floor between my legs she again took my cock into her mouth, this time I had more control and could enjoy the sensation. She was good, firm but not rough she slid up and down my pole while stroking my balls, every now and then she took me deep into her throat I expected her to gag but she didn't and took me all the way until her lips were pressed into my pubes before releasing me again.
I was getting close again and I so wanted to fuck her I gently pushed her away and onto the floor, kneeling between her legs I leant in and we kissed again, I slowly kissed my way down her body taking each nipple into my mouth before continuing on down, I needed to give myself some time to move away from the edge of coming again.
I kissed her thighs having spent so long looking at them earlier it was so good to now be pushing them apart, I kissed her thighs again before tasting her for the first time, my tongue lapping her already wet hole, I spread her pussy wide with my fingers and look down at her wet pussy before burying my face into her wetness, licking her folds and finally holding her wide open my tongue circled her clit.
As I flicked her clit with my tongue she grabbed my hair and pulled my face hard into her, I could hardly breathe but I was in heaven. Chrissy was wriggling and heaving as she finally screamed and came, it was no good I could wait no longer I moved up her body, and slid my cock into her soaked pussy. With one thrust I was balls deep and again in heaven I had no control and fucked her without mercy banging her hard she pushed back and I came with one last thrust deep inside her and collapsed on top of her totally spent.
At some point we had both recovered enough to get into bed where we fell asleep. I know I must have had the hugest grin on my face as I slept after what had been a great night, and little did I know that it was the first night of many.