This little adventure James and I had was about a year ago. It was autumn and we had one random very warm day. James and I had a day off so we decided to go out flashing.
At the time this event took place I was 20. I was my usual 50-52kgs (approx 110-114 pounds), slim waist, incredibly perky B cup breasts with prominent nipples and juicy ass.
I had a bright pink skirt that I had cut short for the purpose of flashing so given it was such a warm day, I decided it was the a perfect opportunity to wear it out. I had also cut a white singlet so that it was a little longer than a crop top and could be tied at the bottom. I put on a sexy little thong (no bra) and we left.
The sun felt amazing on my body. It was also windy which added to the excitement given my skirt was so short. My top wasn't exactly see through but it was very thin so my nipples were clearly visible poking out through the material. As I walked I noticed that my boobs bounced a little since and it was very obvious to anyone that paid a little attention that I was braless under my shirt.
James and I stopped at the carpark near the station and noticed a block of flats on either way of a small alley which led to the station. I positioned myself in the alley and bent over provocatively, showing ample cleavage and posed as James clicked away on the digital camera. My ass was facing the road and I had no clue who could see my butt in my tiny thong. All I knew was that familiar tingling feeling in my pussy was back. My heart was pounding but I was getting turned on at the same time.
Decided I had teased James enough I stood up and took both boobs out of my top. There were flats either side of me and each flat had windows facing the alley. I had no clue if anyone was looking out at me flashing my boobs.
I heard some movement and quickly put my boobs away and just in time too, as soon as my boobs were covered a man rounded the corner and walked through the alley to the station. I didn't think he expected to see anyone, let alone someone so scantily clad and he seemed to pause a second and look me up and down before moving on.
As soon as he was behind me I had my boobs out again and posed for a great shot of me with my boobs out and him in the background. Unlucky for him I guess.
The main plan for the day was head to this bridge located near James's house. Now the bridge crosses the train tracks and is one of those mesh circular kind of bridges. The sides are uncovered to the extent of the metal mesh. Despite being "covered", it did not actually cover much at all. From the street you could see every detail of anyone crossing the bridge.
What made this even crazier was the bridge was right next to a very busy street. This was the part that made it all the more exciting...and risky.
We parked the car near the bridge and I got out of the car nervously. We walked to the pedestrian crossing and started crossing. I felt very exposed given my mini skirt was blowing in the wind so much. Naturally the skirt fell to maybe an inch or two below my ass so with the wind blowing, I knew I was showing some of my ass cheeks. Plus my nipples were hard from the excitement and my boobs bouncing as I walked. I felt the eyes of the motorists in their cars as they stopped as we crossed right in front of them.
James let me walk up the stairs to the top of the bridge before him. He stayed back and enjoyed the view.
"Damn babe, that's hot! Hold still for a second and let me take an upskirt shot."
My whole body was on fire and I hadn't even really started flashing. We were so close to the main road and here I was, posing on the stairs, my back arched, ass sticking out, my skirt barely covering my thong and ass and all in front of the cars driving past.
I continued slowly walking up the stairs making sure James had a nice view of my ass swaying. Part of me screamed to run to the top and not prolong this exposure to the cars driving part, but the exhibitionist in me was loving it!
I finally reached the top and I sighed a sigh of relief.
We moved to the far end of the bridge but noticed that we weren't that hidden from the main road. If we could see everything so clearly, then they surely could see us. Plus hardly anyone uses this bridge. The bridge is next to a busy road but otherwise almost in the middle of nowhere, so two individuals (especially one showing so much skin) would have been very noticeable.
"Ok babe, now take off your top for me," James instructed.
"No way, they can all see!"
He just gave me a knowing look. James knew I wanted to take off my top but I needed to try to argue a little at least. I don't know why I bothered, I mean this was the purpose of our trip.
I stood on the bridge, my pink skirt in stark contrast to the white of the bridge. I looked around to see make sure no one was coming up the bridge on either side and quickly pulled my top off and gave it to James.
I was now topless and only in my thong and skirt. I could hear cars driving past at a steady pace. This was crazy! I felt so exposed. I was so cared but also incredibly turned on.
I posed, almost shaking from the fear and excitement. I posed for a few pictures before quickly dropping to the ground and crouching in a vain attempt to hide my half naked body from the cars driving past.
"Ok, time for your skirt," James demanded.
I looked at him shocked. I was already topless but he wanted me to strip down to my thong only on this bridge. It would be obvious to anyone driving past that there was an almost naked woman on the bridge.
Once again part of me didn't want to for the fear that someone might come up the stairs and I'd be left desperately trying to put my clothes on, but the exhibitionist in me wanted to expose myself further.
Nervously I looked around again, making sure no one was round. Once I was sure we were alone (except for the constant stream of cars driving past) I unzipped my tiny skirt and let it fall to the ground.
As soon as it hit the ground a huge rush of sexual excitement coursed through me. My heart was thumping in my chest. I was terrified I'd be caught...but it also excited me! I couldn't believe I was now down to my tiny thong on this bridge. I knew that anyone driving past could see me and that's what excited me. The thought of the drivers wishing they could stop or slow down to catch more than the brief glimpse of my almost naked body was turning me on. I could feel my panties were soaked now.
All i wanted was for James to come over and wrap his strong hands around me and knead my ass. It ached for his hands. I ached for his lips around my nipples which were so hard it was almost painful. I needed relief. I would have quite easily given in if he had just fingered me then and there on that bridge.
However we were here for some sexy pictures and his voice asking me to pose for him snapped me back from my daydream. I became aware once more of how exposed I was yet I wanted to pose for him. I knew that we'd go home and we'd be alone so I wanted him as turned on and horny as I was.
I leant against the railings, my boobs now facing the cars driving by. I stuck my ass out and posed while James snapped away.
"Your ass looks perfect babe, urrghhh I just want my hands all over it."
I loved knowing I made him horny. I was reassured of that fact when I felt his hands spank my ass. I jumped in shock but stayed bent over hoping for another spank.
"Turn around baby."
Once again I had my ass facing the busy road and all I could imagine was whether any cars were slowing down to take in my ass in my tiny thong. I wasn't brave enough to turn around and wave at the passing cars but that would have been a huge rush.
Despite loving being so exposed, I also really needed to cum. Being so exposed had really gotten me worked up and I was looking forward to going home and ripping off James's clothes and having him lick my pussy till I came.
I quickly slipped on my skirt and put on my top and we were off towards the car. Once again I felt the eyes of the motorists that stopped at the pedestrian crossing as we crossed the road.
As we were nearing the car a tradesman walked out of a hardware store and walked towards us. His eyes immediately fell onto my chest, my hard nipples poking through the thin material of my white singlet top. He was quite tall and he had a huge smile on his face as he walked past me considering he had a direct view down my top at my braless tits.
I still look at the pictures that James's took of me that day and remember how exciting it was being so exposed on the bridge. Once again, we love to hear from women or couples who have exhibitionist tendencies. Feel free to contact us as we're very active online and will usually reply within a few hours.