From Honour Student to Slut
This is fiction and is for fantasy enjoyment only.
I woke early to prepare for my first day back to school. I had altered my uniform so it emphasize my assets and to make it easier to get noticed.
I was always on the honor roll and my teachers noticed me for that. This year I want them to notice me for my sexuality and hopefully be known as the easiest honor student in the history of the school.
I've altered my blouses to fit tight across my tender firm tits and my buttons start below my cleavage with the rest open. I have expanded the button holes, so with a slight shift, they undo. I have left the school crest over my left boob. My skirt fits tight at my hips to emphasize my wiggle. I have also shortened it a half inch, so when I sit it barely covers my panties or thong. This makes it easy to flash.
I put my red lace bra and thong on. My bra is noticeable under my white polyester blouse, and shows enough of my young firm tit to cause a second lustful look. My over the knee black stockings combined with my white shortened skirt, shows enough leg to get the boys attention. I hope some girls too.
I put ringlets in my hair and feather ear rings, that hang to my shoulder. Pink eye liner, and pink lip gloss, before going downstairs for breakfast.
Mommy looks, shakes her head and whistles. I grab an apple and head for the door to catch my bus. I could drive but I like to take the bus with my friends.
Mr. Henry. My bus driver greets me with a wink as I step up being sure to hesitate long enough for him to view my thong.
"Like my uniform Mr. Henry." Smiling at his bulge.
Walking to my friend Craig. Craig is a computer genius, and gets teased. I made friends with him because I hung out with the smart people. He's really a nice guy and my age. I sit beside him and he nervously looks away.
"It's OK Craig. I like to be looked at and more. What was your summer like? I got fucked crazy since my birthday."
"I made a game. It's sexual and I was thinking of you the whole time." he said almost ashamed.
" Oh that's so sweet. Can I see it sometime?"
"You could come over tonight, if you want?" He suggested nervously.
"I'll come over after supper. About 7." I said smiling.
At school this year. They have separated all the 18 year old students from the rest. We have our own campus away from all other students. So cool to be a senior.
My first class and Mr.Turner gives a long lingering look at my thighs to the hem of my skirt and up to my lace bra exposed by my blouse opening by accident of course.
Mr. Turner teaches English, and I've always been his favorite student. He is about 30 years old and looks distinguished with his curly hair, black rimmed glasses, and is on my list of teachers to fuck this year.
" Did your uniform shrink over the summer? " He asked.
"Do you like it?" As I smile, noticing a distinct bulge in his trousers.
"I think you should go see Principal Smothers and see if it is acceptable for class." He said with a flushed face, with his eyes locked on my tits.
I turned. Walked toward the door, dropping my books. I bent over making sure everyone noticed my ass cheeks, as I did. Might as as well let everyone know I'm not shy.
I have interviewed Principal Smothers many times as the editor of the school news paper, and I know his views on school uniforms, so I'm hoping to convince him the importance of freedom of choice for adults the school is named after. Freedom High.
I walk into the office. Ms. Mars wasn't at her desk, so I proceeded to Principal Smothers office opened the door and walked in. I stood there watching him sucking on her tit, and her biting his neck.
They were so engaged they did not notice me as I closed the door, and thought this may be easier than I imagined.
I had always wondered about those two even though Principal Smothers was married, she seemed to always be ready to assist him. I mean who could blame him. She was gorgeous with her long blonde hair firm big upright tits small waist and perfect round ass.
I watched him suck one nipple and then the other, while she gyrated and moaned. I cleared my throat, as they jumped back from each other startled.
Ms. Mars turned around covering her wet tits with her blouse, as Principal Smothers tried to cover his obvious erect cock.
"Don't you knock?" Ms. Mars asked sternly, trying to regain control.
"I was sent to discuss my uniform with Principal Smothers, but it looks like he isn't concerned about dress here. I'm thinking we could play together or there could be a major headline tomorrow in the school paper." I said smiling walking toward them, unbuttoning my blouse.
I kissed her on the mouth sliding my tongue in her mouth as Principal smothers knelt down to lick my thigh. She reached around unhooked my bra, and kissed to my ripe tits taking my nipples and biting hard. It hurt but made me hornier than ever, as he pulled my thong aside and drove fingers in deep and hard.
I undid her skirt and slid to the floor. Out popped a cock! Wow! A chick with a dick. This was better than I could have ever dreamed.
He continued to finger fuck me while taking her cock in his mouth. They put me on his desk. He dropped his pants to reveal a bigger than usual cock hard and dripping precum. She began lapping my cunt juice, as he came around to fuck my face. I opened wide as he mercilessly plowed my face to my throat. I gagged and spit which seemed to encourage him to punish me. She lifted my ass and took her cock slightly smaller and dry fucked my ass.
He pushed me back, Came around lifted me so he could sit my cunt on his huge cock. With his huge cock in my cunt and hers in my ass, they played tug of war with me fucking my ass and cunt brutally. Pushing and pulling me like a rag doll.
Then they took me sat me on his desk. Lifted my legs and forced his cock in my tight ass. It hurt so much. Tears were dripping down my cheeks. He could only get it in a little way and he stopped pushing, allowing my ass to adjust.
Ms. Mars went around behind him and pushed her cock in his ass. He bent over smiling as it buried in his ass.
"Fuck her ass." She yelled.
As she drove into him hard forcing him forward to bury his huge cock in my ass. I began fingering my cunt to distract my pain. She kept fucking him pulling him back and forcing him forward with each hard thrust.
He slapped my tits and pulled my nipples. I noticed a glazed look in his eyes, as he saw my pain. Strangely, I was enjoying this abuse and was cumming uncontrollably. I had lost all sensation in my ass, but my cunt was excreting cum like a fountain. I wanted to feel his cum on me. I hoped they would both drown me with there cum.
Ms. Mars came in his ass. Pulled out and held her hand under his ass as he pushed her cum out. She came around and let him eat it out of her hand. After he licked it clean, She put it under my nose teasing me.
Mr. Smothers pulled his cock out of my ass and she immediately began sucking and massaging his heavy balls. He grimaced groaned as his cock exploded in her mouth and on her tits.
She covered my mouth and opened her mouth under my nose. Taunting me with his cum. Then went over and spit it in his mouth. He gargled swallowed and licked her tits clean.
"Oh you thought you were getting some? Well maybe next time you will knock before just walking in. Get dressed. You pointing to Mr. Smothers wait at my desk." She ordered.
"Do you want to pass this year with honors?" She asked.
"Yes." I answered pissed off.
"You are going to be my little cunt this year, and there are some people I want you to fuck. You will report to me with proof after you have accomplished your tasks. You will start with Mr. Turner. Before the year is out you will seduce Mrs. Smothers. As you saw he likes cock and cum, but can't pursue his desires except for me and only discreetly. I want a cunt and can't until he is free. He needs leverage, and you will give it to him. Are we clear?"
"Yes. Ms. Mars." I responded with anger.
" I will make it easier for you. I decide what happens here, so you better keep me happy."
"You had better get going if you want to get back to class before this period ends. Give me your thong, so I can dream about your cunt."
"During the summer it was decided that for students 18 years old. Dress code will be whatever they want as long as the school emblem is visible. Any relationships that are consented to will be acceptable to school regulations."
Was the announcement from the office, as I ran to class to begin my first mission. I took my seat in the front row. Mr. Turner smiled and looked down at my bare thighs to my cunt.
I went to him and asked. " Could I meet today to get your view on the new policy for the paper?"
"Of course. Meet me here. Maybe we could get to know each other a little better?" As he squeezed my ass.
"Maybe." Winking and leaving for my next class.
After class. Becky my friend and assistant with the school paper approached and said.
"I wish I could be as open as you."
Becky was tall with a slim build. Her tits were a little smaller than mine but she had long beautiful athletic legs, a tight sexy ass and full lips. Her father is the Pastor of our church and very strict. As a result she covers her assets up and takes her out of the running for easy fucks.
"You have the tools and you can." I told her. "Do you want to help me interview Mr. Turner at lunch?"
"Yes of course."
I took her into the washroom stripped her down to her panties and bra. Her skirt was too long to shorten and her blouse was cotton. Showed nothing. Her blazer however came down to mid thigh, so I had her put it on only. The buttons showed her pretty satin bra and the bottom made her panties wink when she walked. Ms. Mars would fuck her in a minute.
"Now when we go in. I want you to record everything on my phone and just go along with whatever happens. Oh and did you bring a sandwich in a plastic bag today?"
She pulled it out of her purse. I gave her the sandwich and kept the bag. Slapped her ass and whistled.
Walking down the hall to his class, the guys were giving cat calls and whistles. I laughed she blushed and whispered.
"This is so cool. You are bad."
Mr. Turner was waiting and seemed disappointed when he saw Becky. Becky sat down and I explained.
"Becky is going to record our interview and is here to learn about things. Are you in favor of the new policy?"
Walking over unbuttoning my blouse. Noticing his cock was hard through his pants.
"I see you do. Becky has never seen a cock sucked. I on the other hand give the best blow jobs ever. Want to see?" Undoing his pants.
Becky came closer with phone in hand. Sat on the edge of his desk showing her panties, as I took his long hard cock deep to my throat allowing a throaty moan as it jerked in my mouth. Sliding up and down getting it wet with my spit. Jerking it up and down as I sucked his heavy balls taking in the aroma of his ball sweat.
He pulled me up turned me around and ran his cock head up and down my wet cunt and ass, before sinking it in all the way causing me to squeal. He began fucking me in out in out faster until my juices exploded on his cock.
"Fuck you are tight." As he continued pummeling my cunt.
Becky was rubbing her cunt causing a wet spot, as he lifted me on his cock and bounced me. I hung on and bit into his shoulder in constant orgasm.
Knowing I was being recorded just added to my excitement and pleasure. He walked me over to the wall and pounded me against it sucking and biting my tit as he did.
Becky followed right along not missing a facial expression or grunt. She was getting it all on my phone. The look of amazement and disbelief on her face told me she would make a good slut too.
"Please cum in my mouth." I managed to beg through my groans of pleasure and weakness of cumming.
He stood me on my feet. My knees buckled and my face was starring at his spear, as I latched on to it with my mouth and sucked like a vacuum. I wanted to taste cum so bad. Looking up at him. Becky was right there with the phone in one hand and the other buried in he sopping cunt.
Massaging his big balls. I felt them tighten and knew he was cumming. I flicked his head with my tongue as he rewarded me with the sweetest thickest load of man juice I had ever tasted.
Trying not to swallow. I crawled over to my purse and spit it in the baggie Becky had given me. I turned around and his cock was there dripping cum. I licked him clean and nibbled his head causing him to collapse in a pile on the floor.
I so wanted to swallow but Becky deserved a reward. I went over and kissed her spitting it in her mouth. Her eyes widened and slid her tongue in my mouth enjoying her first taste of cum.
I got dressed took my phone and left wanting to get Mr. Turners cum to Ms. Mars before it got cold. Leaving Becky and Mr. Turner alone in shock.
I gave Ms. Mars the baggie and downloaded the video on her computer.
"Your welcome." I said angry.
By the end of the day I was craving cum so bad. I worked three loads and never got to swallow even a little bit.
In my next story Craig is going to see his game cum to life and I'll find out how many times I can make Craig cum.