Jesse wore her best 7 inches red stilettos that she could barely walk in. She didn't care how much it hurt her, if it got people looking in her direction then so be it. That's exactly why she wore a fully netted, tight black dress. To top it all off, Jesse made the effort of wearing a red lingerie set underneath it.
She was on almost fully on display.
The bouncer looked at her with an eyebrow cocked up, "Ma'am we can't let you in wearing that."
"Why not?" she pouted and crossed her arms, making her 26C cup titties press together.
"This is a club, not a whore house." he spat trying not to make eye contact with her breast. Jesse noticed. She always noticed when men would try to avoid looking at her tits. And frankly, it annoyed her...The way they pretended like they didn't want to fuck her tits.
"I know you wanna look at them." she stated confidently.
"Excuse me?"
"My tits." as she said that she moved the net and lace that covered her almost perfect white tits, "Touch them, i know you want to." she smiled like an angel.
And with that she was walking into RedCross Club with a smirk.
The dancefloor was only a little full but the bar was packed. Nevertheless she still went over to get a drink. She smiled to herself, not even 15 minutes and she already felt a dick pressed up against her ass. As Jesse ordered her vodka she rubbed her big ass against this strangers dick. The stranger proceeded to grab her hips and grind harder making her moan. She placed her hands on the bar so she wouldn't fall onto it as she grinded her hips backwards onto what felt like a monster dick. She heard a low whistle from the person standing next to her and she made eye contact with him just as she moaned again.
"Fuck." he swore astonished.
The stranger behind her suddenly started lifting she dress up and before she could object she felt a hard dick penetrated her soaking pussy.
She cried out load as the stranger lifted her one leg onto a stool and pushed she body forward making her body pressed onto the bar and her ass in the air.
He started ramming into her pussy and Jesse couldn't keep her moans in. "Fuuuck." she screamed as he violated her sluthole.
Jesse noticed the man besides her had his dick out and she propped herself up slightly to noticed everyone around her watching her get fucked. Her pussy started to leak more. She pulled her dress down exposing her tits. Her pink nipples erect.
Her eyes made contact with the bartender who took her vodka and poured them on her tits. As she moaned in pleasure the man next to her sucked hard on her tits as the bartender pulled on the other.
This threw her over the edge. Jesse screamed as she squirted over the strangers dick. Her pussy was still pulsing. But they knew how to take care of her.
Jesse was placed on top of the bar table. Her pussy leaking from one side and her hanging tits and mouth from the other side.
The men started lining up with the dicks and phones out.
Someone started fucking her mouth hard while another someone bit on her clit. Jesse moaned as she took the man into her mouth. Her hands found their way to her tits. And she pulled on them. She felt hands touch her everywhere...her tits, pussy and ass.
Man after man tried her out. They fucked her in every hole and they fucked her in every position. Jesse had cum leaking out her mouth, pussy and asshole. Her tits and hair had cum too. Jesse looked the part of a whore when she left the club at closing time.
She stumbled back to her car when she heard a loud rough voice. "Well i guess it is a whore house, i see you found your place."
Jesse turned around to see the bouncer in his causal clothes. Looks like she caught him on his way back home from work. He looked her up and down as he walked closer to her. She was against her car now. Her pussy pulsed. The way his eyes devoured her made Jesse's pussy leak more. Pussy juice mixed with cum dripped down her thick thighs.
She slowed lifted her dress to show him her pussy.
He touched her clit and smiled. Her night wasn't over.