Growing up for me was a bit different than for most boys. Based on the rules of literotica I need to start my story when I was 18 and a senior in high school. I am, by nature, a nerd. I was in the AV club, I collect Chogoken figures and have an obsession with Anime from the late 60's, early 70's particularly the cartoons of Go Nagai. My Saturday mornings were spent playing Dungeons and Dragons and later Pathfinder while quoting Monty Python. My friends talked pop culture and RPG's but never about sex or dating because quite frankly they weren't getting any. None. I, on the other hand, was getting a constant flow of sex from different partners. So how did I manage to succeed where my buddies completely failed? In a word, reputation.
Growing up I became acutely aware that my penis was considerably larger than average but even I was surprised at the effect it had on people both men and women. I can't get into the story of how it got out that I was packing but I will jump forward to my senior year when it was common knowledge. My classmate all knew, a lot of the parents knew, my friends obviously knew and even a lot of the teachers knew. Amongst my friends I was constantly the butt of jokes but the jokes were aimed at something that I was incredibly proud of.
Once it got out what I had I started getting requests to see it and then to touch it and finally it moved up to sex. It snowballed rather quickly and the quality of the requests I was getting continually improved. I was getting requests from females, males, whatever. I didn't care because I loved showing off and I loved the attention. Having sex with a cheerleader was awesome but I also enjoyed letting a jock on the football team blow me. I was an absolutely magnet for cock worship which satisfied everyone involved.
I used to spend an inordinate amount of time looking at and measuring my cock. I would estimate that I probably measured an average or two dozen times a day or more. I'd use tape measures, rulers and objects like remotes, shampoo bottles and toothpaste tubes. Pretty much anything vaguely the size of my cock was compared to my cock. I'd always wonder if something was bigger or smaller than me. I would measure my girth and calculate my total volume. I was constantly writing mathematic equations regarding my cock size and comparing it to size charts I'd find online. It became an unhealthy obsession.
I was measuring myself to a fraction of an inch and tracking it on a chart. My size became public knowledge while I was still growing and although the attention I was getting was somewhat of an outlet my obsession was still consuming me. I still remember the first day I laid a ruler along the top of my dick and the tip peaked out ever so slightly beyond the end. I couldn't have been more excited if I'd won the lottery and in a sense I had. I'd won the genetic lottery.
Exceeding 12 inches was a dream come true but I would continue to measure continually wondering if I might have fudged the measurement or, God Forbid, might lose size. My size was my money maker and somehow I got it in my head that perhaps I could lose it. Every morning I woke up I'd reach down and grab my dick to remind myself it was true. After six months of no size increase I concluded that I was done. I had spent so much time wondering what I might top out at that when that day came I was actually depressed. Because slightly over 12 inches just isn't enough. I had become embarrassingly greedy.
I will move forward to college to get into a safer zone. In college I became the quiet, nerdy guy in the back of the classroom. I had become so used to getting approached for sex that I didn't know how to initiate it. No one would have ever suspected that I had been with well over 100 women and men. I spent a whole lot of time in my dorm room obsessing over my own body and masturbating. I was also sharing a dorm room with another guy so I had to be very careful given that a roommate could arrive at any time. I knew his class schedule but there was always the risk that he might skip class or there might be some reason why he popped in unexpectedly. I ended up doing some of my masturbating outside of my room in places like bathrooms or secluded areas of the library. Part of me was hoping I might get discovered and the rumors would start again. On the other hand I was engaged in activities that could cause me to get kicked out of school.
My obsession with my penis was really interfering with my life and I resorted to seeking out people I knew from high school for sex. I really wanted to somehow get the ball rolling at college but college is a whole different environment. My first attempt was in the communal area of my dorm and struck up a conversation with a girl who was watching TV. I had thought long and hard about how I could work my penis size into a casual conversation and decided I needed to have it be a reaction to something the girl asked. I set my initial bar low with a girl who was very average in looks but might be up for some fun. We chit chatted about this and that but the only thing on my mind was trying to figure out how to move the conversation to an area where I could mention my penis size.
I mentioned to her that I broke up with my girlfriend because the long distance relationship wasn't working (lie, I never had a girlfriend). This didn't get me where I wanted the conversation to go. I mentioned that I was considering trying out online dating and finally, I got an opportunity served up on a silver platter. She asked me what I would put in my description to attract attention in the crowded online dating market. I just casually mentioned that I might bring up my 12 inch penis and then just laughed to play it off. She gave me a look of incredulity and offense and I replied that I was kidding and I'd let that one be a surprise for later. 'Are you serious?' she asked.
Let me step back for a moment. Only a subset of society are into having an experience with a big dick. When I say that I had sex with well over a hundred people I'm counting any sexual contact including blowjobs, handjobs and whatnot. Only a fraction allowed full vaginal, and yes, anal penetration. Even those who were up for it often either backed out when they actually saw what I had or simply could not get it in. This happened all the time.
I also had more than a few bad and sometimes terrible experiences. I had one guy who seemed very cool but once he finished he pulled a Mr. Hyde and began yelling homophobic epitaphs at me before physically throwing me out of his brothers apartment. I am the furthest thing from physical so in many cases I'm putting my welfare on the line when I meet with people. On another occasion a guy became violent and threatened to castrate me if I told anyone what happened. That is the sanitized version but things got extremely ugly. On another occasion a girl was totally into it and led me to believe things were going to happen. When she saw my dick she completely freaked out and left me alone in her own bedroom. My balls were aching so I started to masturbate right there on her bed because I was like screw her. She came back and started yelling at me but I finished anyway right there in front of her.
I have taken more risks than I care to count. I have been slapped, punched, kneed in the balls and worse but for me it's like a drug and I keep going back. I've been in three on one situations and done things I would never tell my friends in a million years. The reaction I get the first time people see what I have is the drug I take and I store each moment in in my memory banks. It is the greatest ego boost ever and I confess that sometimes I can be an arrogant prick about my size which may explain somewhat why I've gotten the occasional physical abuse.
After I told the girl I was 12 inches long I don't think she believed me at all and assumed I was just a weirdo, a freak or a pervert. I apologized and told her that it was probably too much information but she looked pissed. I just wanted to get out of the situation but now I was in a panic that the wrong kind of image of me was going to get out. Possibly I was risking expulsion. I continued apologizing but her glare continued unabated. 'Show it to me!' she said through gritted teeth. She was trying to call my bluff and send me packing. I have NEVER resisted a request to see my dick and quite frankly I was probably at less of a risk backing up my claim than if I had slunk off. Just a moments hesitation caused her to grumble, 'fucking liar.' I looked around to confirm we were alone in the area and unzipped my fly to pull out 9.5 inches of soft, fat meat. 'Holy Shit, you were serious.' That was EXACTLY the reaction I was hoping for.