Author's note:
Thanks for the excellent feedback on chapter 1! I feel like there are a multitude of directions this story could go, and some of you have given me additional great ideas. I definitely will fit some of those ideas in. But as tempting as all these possible story lines are, I feel I must stay on a more focused path so the story doesn't get out of control. This chapter begins with some back-story, but have no fear, it heats up as it goes.
*****
Having led Brittney back to her car, Doctor Jennifer Drake hurried back to her office, anxious to monitor the progress of the clinical trial she just started. The application of the nanomaterial to her patient Brittney Banyard's lips and sex appeared to be a success, but of course this was just the beginning.
The doctor logged onto her laptop to check the remote connection to Brittney's collar. Everything was in order, with the collar transmitting data back on the status of the nanomicrobial material that was currently fusing to Brittney's body. She was able to ping the material and got a confirmation response that it was active and currently processing initial startup instructions.
"Excellent!" the doctor exclaimed. Just then her assistant Darnus entered her office.
"Just in time, Darnus. Take a look at the signals were are getting back from patient X. Everything is in normal ranges and the material should be 100% integrated this evening."
"What the hell, Jennifer, I see you've already moved to patient testing? I'm guessing you are not exactly telling the board about this yet?" Darnus questioned as he strode towards Doctor Drake, annoyed. Doctor Drake just grunted in response as she concentrated on the data scrolling across the screen.
Darnus Johnson looked over the doctor's shoulder, angry, but still interested in the information that scrolled across the screen. As he brushed up against her, the doctor ignored the pang of sexual attraction from his close presence and kept her concentration on her work. The doctor and Darnus had dated in the past, or more accurately had a wild workplace fling. They both knew it wouldn't last, though. Darnus was eight years younger than Jennifer, black, six foot four inches tall, and built like a professional athlete. That could have been his path in life, but he instead hit the books and got his masters degree in biology from Stanford. He landed this job at Biozene two years ago and quickly showed himself as an asset to the company. After six months he was assigned to work with Jennifer. Their affair was soon after that and lasted several months before they both agreed to call it off. And as for dating, Darnus was a player and liked his women young. As the doctor could attest, Darnus also had a massive nine inch cock that he felt obligated to share with as many women as time allowed. Jennifer, on the other hand, worked 16 hour days, which didn't leave time for romance and she knew it was a losing battle to compete with the steady stream of college aged girls that chased after Darnus.
"Let's just say the opportunity presented itself," the doctor was saying. "We'll keep this testing private for a while, if you don't mind. You know the board is annoyingly conservative and doesn't have the stomach for the type of testing needed to keep our research ahead of the competition. And besides, we both know the potential ethical issues that we can run up against with some of our recently developed treatments. We need some research on how people respond, how the use of our materials might make them susceptible to manipulation by others. What might happen if an unscrupulous person had the ability to inject a material into someone and enslave them into some misguided cause? What better way than to test our material on sex organs and monitoring the psychological impacts," the doctor explained.
"Mmhmm, I get it," responded Darnus. "But I know you, doctor. I think you enjoy these experiments a little too much. What makes you better then these 'unscrupulous people' when you do your experiments on unsuspecting individuals? I'm assuming patient X hasn't been informed of all of your plans or of the full functions of the material you've treated her with. And besides, what makes you an expert in psychology?"
"The difference is, Darnus," Jennifer responded as she became aggravated with Darnus, "is that I'm not in this to turn someone to my will. I'm studying the potential psychological risks of our invention, and whether it's possible to make someone do things they wouldn't otherwise do. If we understand this than we have a better chance at avoiding these issues, and also keep from getting sued by product safety activists. At the end of the experiment we deactivate the nanomaterial and that's the end of it, patient X returns to their old life. And obviously, if she was aware of the experiment then it would skew the results."
"If you say so. But you are taking a lot of risk here, there's too many unknowns, not to mention that you, and more important, me, could be put in prison for this sort of thing," Darnus responded, equally aggravated with the doctor.
"It's a calculated risk. And don't be so quick to judge, I know you are just as interested in moving forward with testing as I am. Don't tell me you've let the board sway your opinion," the doctor argued.
"Ok, ok, I get it. Look, I'd never rat on you, you know that. I just wish you'd let me in on your plans before you put us both at risk," Darnus responded.
"Fair enough. Now let's get down to business, shall we? Take a look at this," the doctor said as she turned back to the screen. "We are currently at 78% absorption, with only a 1.5% loss. Your latest synthesis is by far the most effective. By 9pm this evening the process should be complete, and achieve a better than 97% absorption."
"Wow, that is impressive," Darnus responded, momentarily proud of the result since she was using his latest strain of synthesized material. "Wait, what is that?" he asked, pointing to another window on her screen.
"Ha! So you noticed, very quick of you! That is the new program I've been developing. These nanomaterials are not just able to be put into a simple on or off state. While you've been developing the biological advances, I've been working on a fully programmable nanomaterial to go along with it. This batch of material is capable of any number of different functions. There is the low level code that manages the basic functions. In this case they are programmed to detect and avert all known STD's and also manage birth control. But here..." the doctor stated as she scrolled down through the code on the screen, "Here we can both measure and control sexual response. Not only that, but this material learns from its host. Basically once it's figured out what buttons to push to give the host sexual pleasure, it can then use those to please, or to deny, pleasure."
"Holy shit!" was all Darnus could say.
The doctor beamed as she watched the screen. "Yes, holy shit is right. The material is currently in learning mode. It will attempt different stimuli on patient X and grade them based on the host's response. Once complete it will go into a wait state. The collar that the patient is wearing is linked to us here, so we'll be able to monitor progress. We will also be able to transmit and execute different routines remotely as desired if we want to introduce additional functionality."
"Holy shit!" Darnus exclaimed again. "Do you know what this means? The implications are staggering! Completely programmable and adaptable! There'd be no limit to what you could do..." Darnus trailed off, suddenly a little fearful of the doctor.
"Let's not get ahead of ourselves, shall we? We can check on things in the morning, there's nothing more to do right now," the doctor stated as she shut down her laptop.
*****
Brittney arrived home and staggered into the front door as a wave of pleasure radiated from her pussy. What started as a constant tingling had now become more intense and she was flush from the feelings.
"Well, look at you, staying out late," Holly jabbed. She then took a closer look at her roommate and noticed the flushed look and the tussled clothes. "Shit, it looks like you just got fucked! Working for a living to pay the rent?" Brittney cringed at Holly's taunts.
"No..." Brittney boldly responded, but then trailed off as she couldn't think of anything else to add.
"Whatever, so where's my rent money? Wait! What the fuck! What did you do to your lips?" Holly spat out angrily as she grabbed Brittney by the chin and examined her face. "You got your lips enhanced? What the hell, you can pay for that shit but you can't pay me?"
"No, of course not," Brittney responded as she pulled away, flustered. She dug into her purse and pulled out the $200 and pushed it towards Holly, who grabbed it and started counting.
"That's it? $200? Where's the rest?"
"I'll get it! Please, I just got a job so I can pay you. I just need another week!" Brittney pleaded. Just then another spike of pleasure drove through her. She staggered but tried to keep her composure. "What's happening to me? I don't recall her mentioning this side effect," she thought. Luckily it appeared that Holly didn't notice.
"Fine. But you aren't getting off that easy. You want me to float you for another week then you need to start putting in a little extra effort. Right now I think Billy and I need a round of drinks. Why don't you go mix a batch of margaritas and bring them out?"
Billy was lounging on the couch and watching with interest the exchange between Holly and Brittney. He thought Holly's roommate was pretty fuckable. Maybe not the sexiest girl he'd seen but there was definitely something about her that he was attracted to. Brittney never gave him the time of day, so he also enjoyed seeing her being controlled by Holly.
Brittney relented to Holly's order and headed to the kitchen. A drink sounded pretty good about now, anyway. After mixing up the drinks, Brittney brought out the glasses for Holly and Billy and then started to head to her room.
"Oh no you don't, you need to stick around in case we need your services," Holly scolded Brittney.
Not coming up with a good excuse to leave, Brittney plopped down into the armchair across from the couch where Holly and Billy were sitting. Just then another spasm hit her pussy and a groan escaped her lips. Billy looked over at her but Holly just ignored it. Brittney curled up in the chair and pretended to focus on the television.
After about 15 minutes she noticed movement out of the corner of her eye. She glanced over to see that Holly's fingers were slowly stroking the front of Billy's shorts. The outline of his hard-on was clearly visible against the material, while Holly's attention was focused on the TV. Around the same time Brittney noticed the waves of pleasure emanating from between her legs were happening more frequently. She licked her lips as another jolt of pleasure edged her closer to orgasm. As she was driven to higher states of sexual need she couldn't stop the fantasies that invaded her thoughts. She closed her eyes as an image of Billy's exposed hard cock being stroked by Holly's slender fingers flashed before her.
"Brittney!" Holly shouted for the second time. "Get us some refills," she ordered.
Groaning, Brittney slowly pulled herself out of the chair and leaned over to grab their glasses. She nearly toppled over onto Billy as a strong pulse radiated outward from her pussy. Billy was watching her intently, and she quickly grabbed his glass and rushed to the kitchen. As she stood at the counter in a panic, Brittney struggled with what to do. She didn't understand what was happening to her body or why these feelings were not only not subsiding, but instead were getting more intense. It was clear it had to do with the doctor's treatment. She considered calling her but the doctor's business card as well as Brittney's cell phone were in her purse back in the living room. Besides, it was getting late, and the doctor said to call if she felt any pain. Well, this wasn't pain... She wanted to run away and hide. But she also wanted to be fucked, hard. "Stop it, get a hold of yourself," she admonished herself for having such lewd thoughts. But then she groaned as it felt like 100 feathers were tickling her insides. The feathery feeling traveled to her clit and she nearly spilled the margarita pitcher as she doubled over and groaned again.
"Hey, hurry it up in there!" Holly shouted.
Brittney didn't want to go back out there, but didn't know what else to do. Dejectedly, she quickly refilled the drinks as the feathery feeling abated and made her way back to the living room. She handed out the drinks and fell back in her chair again, relieved to at least completing the task without another incident. She again pretended to watch television, but was lost in thoughts of lust and confusion as her pussy continued to torture her.
At the next commercial break she glanced over at Holly and Billy, and was shocked to see that Holly now had the button and zipper of Billy's shorts open and her hand was inside. She could see Holly was slowly stroking him as Holly continued to watch TV. To Brittney's horror, Billy was staring at her instead of at the TV, clear lust written across his face. She tried to look away, but just then another wave of pleasure began to build up inside her. This one was stronger than all the others, and it didn't let up. She could feel her body racing towards orgasm and she couldn't keep from twisting in the chair and pushing her hips out. But instead of crashing over into orgasm, she teetered on the edge. Her half closed eyes were locked on Billy's, unable to look away. She bit her lip hard to keep from crying out. She was pinned there, needing to orgasm, dreading it, aching for it, wanting to reach into her panties and furiously rub her clit, trying to hold it back, convinced that any second now she would cum and scream out as Billy watched the spectacle of Brittney's public orgasm. But her orgasm didn't come.
After what seemed like an eternity to her, her pleasure once again subsided, leaving her panting. Her muscles, which had been tensed, finally relaxed and she sunk back into the chair. A sheen of sweat coated her forehead. Billy still stared at her with clear lust in his eyes and she flushed with embarrassment, certain that he could tell what she was going through. She tried to shrink into the cushions, hoping to disappear and escape this embarrassment. She wanted to run away, but felt glued to the spot as fantasies of being fucked by Billy flooded her head.
"What's wrong with you? Are you sick or something?" Holly asked as she glared at Brittney.
"No, nothing, I'm fine," Brittney squeaked out. Holly stared at her for a few more moments before turning her attention back to the television. Her hand returned to idly stroking Billy's member.
Brittney hardly had time to recover, as only a few minutes later her body began to ramp up again. "Please, not again!" she begged to herself. But there was nothing she could do to stop it. Overwhelming pleasure radiated from her pussy, and within seconds she was again on the edge of a massive orgasm. She squeezed her eyes shut and tried to block out the feelings. Images of being fucked by Billy again invaded her thoughts. Her dream from the prior night came back to her, and she recalled how aroused she had been at the thought of being forced to lick Holly's pussy. She opened her eyes only to find Billy again staring intently at her. "Oh god, please not here!" she thought as she tried to push these erotic images away. Her nipples were hard and aching, visible even through her bra. Her pussy contracted as if in orgasm, but then held her at the peak without falling over. Another contraction, and Brittney moaned loudly, which got Holly's attention.
"What the hell?" Holly blurted out, staring at Brittney.
Another contraction hit Brittney, stronger than the last two. "Oh god..." Brittney cried out loud, no longer able to contain it. Both Billy and Holly now watched her, agape. She locked eyes with Holly and couldn't look away. For endless seconds Brittney's body was held at the brink. And then another contraction drove her over the precipice. She screamed out as her body thrashed and twisted in orgasm. She began thrusting her hips upward as her juices flowed, soaking through her panties and dripping down her thighs. Every millimeter of her sex felt like it was being stimulated. The orgasm went on and on as Brittney shook and screamed out again and again as the most intense orgasm of her life tore through her.
Watching the spectacle of Brittney's orgasm was the hottest thing he'd ever witnessed, and Billy couldn't hold back as his cock spewed out blast after blast. He thrust his cock against Holly's hand as his cum coated the inside of his shorts and Holly's fingers. A large wet spot soaked through his shorts.
"Fuck!" Holly cried as she yanked her hand out after feeling Billy's hot cum coat her fingers.
Brittney's orgasm finally faded and she was mortified at the realization that both Holly and Billy watched the whole thing. She slunk back into the chair, pulled her still shaking legs up to her chest, and buried her face against her knees, red with embarrassment.
"You fucking slut!" Holly shouted at Brittney after realizing what just happened. "What the hell was that? What, do you have a vibe stuck up your cunt? Is that how you get your kicks? You're a fucking exhibitionist, getting off on us watching you? Last night you listen to us through the wall and now this? You are so fucked up!"
"No, it's not like that," Brittney squeaked.
"Oh? What is it, then? And you!" Holly turned to Billy without giving Brittney time to answer. "What the hell, were you watching her the whole time? Is that what gets you off, watching my slut roommate? Get out," Holly shouted as she wiped his cum off her hand and onto his shorts.
"Aww, come on, be reasonable!" Billy argued. "That was fucking hot! Don't tell me that it didn't get you worked up. I know you better than that."
"Shut up!" Holly shouted, angered that he said that in front of Brittney, especially since it wasn't far from the truth. "Just get out, now!"
Billy reluctantly got up and zipped up his shorts. As he walked past Brittney he leaned down and whispered to her, "That really was hot, babe. Thanks for the show."
A small spasm went through Brittney's pussy and she sunk further into the chair as Billy left.
"Hey!" Holly shouted at Brittney. "You don't have anything to say for yourself? On second thought forget it, I don't want to hear it. I don't know why I don't just throw you out now as well. Clean up this mess. I'm going to bed," Holly fumed as she stormed off. But the truth was, Holly did get worked up watching Brittney. Once back in her room Holly rubbed her clit to two orgasms while images of Brittney squirming in orgasm filled her head before she finally fell asleep.
Brittney remained in the chair and quietly sobbed. It took a long while before she recovered enough to pull herself out of her chair. She finally picked up the clutter in the living room and dragged herself to bed.
*****
Brittney tossed and turned, exhausted from her ordeal that evening but unable to sleep soundly. She couldn't believe what happened, what she had done in front of Holly and Billy. She didn't know how she could face them again after having had a screaming orgasm right in front of them. She was scared to get out of bed and face the wrath of her roommate again. She figured there was a good chance she'd be homeless before sunset. She needed to talk to the doctor, this just couldn't be normal. But throughout the night she did feel back to normal. No tingling, no crazy orgasm inducing spasms coming from her pussy. Maybe last night was just a temporary side effect. With that encouraging thought, she dozed off.
Brittney was jolted awake by a fire of arousal pulsing between her legs. It was mid morning. Within moments she was racing towards orgasm. "What the fuck?" she mumbled. The sensations continued. Rolling on her back, she pushed down her panties and kicked them off. She then spread her legs and parted her sex with her fingers. Finding her clit, she touched it gently, which sent overwhelming signals of lust to her head. She rubbed her little button harder and groaned, desperate to cum. She continued to furiously rub her clit, and soon was on a verge of a massive orgasm. But somehow the more she rubbed, the more elusive her orgasm became. Frustrated, she jammed two fingers into her wet hole and pounded them in and out. This brought her back to the edge again, and the squishy sounds of fingers pumping in and out of her sex filled the room. But still she couldn't find a way to go over the edge. Brittney cursed in frustration and began to rub her clit at the same time she fucked herself with her fingers. She was quickly becoming tired from the effort, but persisted. Even as she increased her efforts, though, he arousal level dropped from a 9 down to an 8, then 7, then 6.
"Damn it!" she shouted and dropped her head back down onto her pillow. Giving up, she removed her fingers from her sex and cursed again. Just then Holly pounded on her bedroom door.
"Hey slut, time to get up. You've got chores to do," Holly shouted.
"What? Chores?" Brittney said to herself. "What do you mean?" she said a little louder.
"You can start with doing my laundry. Hurry up about it, I need some clean clothes," Holly responded.
Brittney slowly dragged herself out of bed and into the bathroom. By then her arousal level had leveled off at steady simmer, just high enough that she couldn't completely expel the erotic thoughts that kept popping into her head. She sat on the toilet and used a small mirror to examine her sex. "What the hell did that doctor do to me?" she asked herself. She spread herself open and touched herself. Again, it felt normal. She gave up trying to figure it out and decided to call the doctor today. Besides, she still needed the money, so maybe she could get paid for another visit.
After washing up she found the basket of clothes sitting in the hallway. She sighed heavily at the unfairness of it, then grabbed the basket and headed to the laundry room. She dropped the basket next to the washing machine and began to sort through Holly's clothes. She added detergent to the washer and began to separate Holly's delicates. Holding a pair of Holly's lace thong underwear, she hesitated. A spasm radiated from her sex. She tried to toss the thong into the washer, but somehow it was still in her hand. She watched as if it wasn't her hand that slowly carried the thong toward her face. With it now inches from her nose she breathed in and got a light scent of Holly's sex. She could feel her own pussy begin to get wet again. She held the thong to her nose, closed her eyes and breathed deeply. Her other hand found its way into her own shorts and she rubbed the outside of her panties. Brittney groaned as she once again craved an orgasm. She rubbed harder, pressing her wet panties into her pussy. The image of Holly's face invaded her thoughts. She continued to rub, reaching the precipice but her orgasm eluded her.
She heard a noise and her eyes flew open, only to find Holly staring at her. She jumped back and tripped over the basket, falling to her knees. Speechless, she stared up and Holly in fear, the thong still dangling from her fingers.
"I can't believe you!" Holly shouted. "You can't even finish a simple task without your slut self taking over?"
Brittney scrambled to stand, but Holly quickly moved towards her and pinned her against the washing machine in the small room.
Looking down at Brittney, Holly felt a surge of anger course through her. This situation reminded her again how Brittney was a spoiled brat and needed to be put in her place. This was the perfect opportunity.
"So slut, you like to sniff my dirty panties? I've got another dirty pair for you to enjoy right here," she growled as she pointed between her legs. "Pull down my shorts, slut, and get a closer view," she commanded.
Brittney froze, staring straight ahead at Holly's tight stretch shorts. "She couldn't really be asking me to do this, could she?" And yet she couldn't look away and didn't try to get up. She fought with herself. "Why am I even considering this? What is wrong with me?" She sat there, frozen. She found herself wondering what sort of panties Holly was wearing under her shorts.
"Please, just let me up," Brittney begged weakly.
"No. Get to it, slut."
Brittney wished she didn't call her that. She wasn't a slut, she was just... She focused again on Holly's shorts. Her will was weakening. "Am I a slut?" she wondered. Slowly she reached up and grabbed the waistband, and then tugged them down Holly's smooth legs. Red silk hip hugger panties came into view. She'd never really noticed before how shapely Holly's legs were. Holly stepped out of her shorts, and then straddled her legs across Brittney. Her panties were now directly in front of Brittney's face, just inches away. Brittney stared, unblinking.
"Go ahead. You know you want to. Sniff these, slut."
Brittney's pussy was on fire. She licked her lips nervously. She was drawn forward even as she fought and tried to stop herself. Her nose came in contact with the slippery material. She could smell the fresh pungent odor. Brittney's body shook, though she wasn't sure whether it was from fear or lust. Her nose slid down and her lips pressed against Holly's panties. She placed her hands on Holly's calves to steady herself. She felt the soft skin under her fingers, and slid her hands slowly upwards.
A shiver went through Holly. What started as her wanting to punish and embarrass Brittney was now turning to desire as Brittney gently caressed the back of her thighs. She looked down at Brittney as she nuzzled her nose into her panties. Holly could feel her pussy getting wet.
"You slut," Holly growled. She then leaned forward and pinned Brittney's head between her sex and the washing machine. "Lick my panties," she ordered.
Brittney squirmed and quickly glanced up at Holly's face before darting the tip of her tongue against Holly's panties.
"More."
No longer resisting, she pressed her tongue against the material covering Holly's clit, which elicited a groan from Holly. Brittney continued to lick as Holly ground against her. Holly's juices were now soaking into her panties, mixing with Brittney's saliva.
"Lick my cunt, slut," Holly demanded.
"Please don't make me do this," Brittney begged. But even as she said it Brittney slid her hands higher, squeezed Holly's ass, then grabbed her panties and pulled them slowly down. She now stared at Holly's bare and gaping sex. She hesitated, a feeling of panic rose once again.
"Do it!"
She hesitated momentarily, but then drove her tongue inside Holly. Holly's juices coated her tongue and lips. Another wave of pre-orgasmic sensations jolted Brittney, shocking her with their intensity. She groaned into Holly's sex and grabbed Holly's ass and pulled her tightly against her mouth, her nose buried in the small strip of dark pubic hair. She began quickly flicking Holly's clit, which elicited a moan from Holly.
"That's it, suck it!" Holly breathlessly demanded.
Brittney drew Holly's clit into her mouth and alternately sucked and flicked her tongue across it. Her need in her own pussy quickly skyrocketed and she began to desperately lick and suck Holly. Holly began to shake, grabbing the top of the washer for support. She continued to ride Brittney's tongue, cursing as she ordered Brittney to go faster. She finally screamed out as her orgasm hit her in waves. Brittney held fast to Holly's ass and continued to lick, unable to get enough of Holly's juices as they seeped from her pussy. Holly shuddered again as intense feelings continued to rock her.
Holly eventually got too sensitive to handle Brittney's tongue on her clit. She stood back up and pushed Brittney away in disgust and anger. Brittney was panting from desire, her own pussy throbbing in need. But with Holly's desire now quenched, the realization of what just happened hit Holly. This was not at all what she had in mind for Brittney's punishment. She was angry with herself for letting this happen but there was no denying the intensity of her orgasm. She quickly fled the laundry room, telling Brittney to finish the laundry. Brittney was left horny and confused, Holly's cream still smeared across her lips and chin.