This is the story of a week-long visit by my very sexy friend and lover, Carmella. They are numbered for convenience, but can be enjoyed in almost any order. -Emmerson
As I've mentioned before, I'm a fan of classic cars. It turns out, Carmella is not.
I woke up to the extraordinary feeling of a warm mouth around my cock. Before I opened my eyes, I stretched my arms over my head and arched my back, lifting my hips toward the source of this magical pleasure.
"I didn't mean to wake you, darling," Carm chuckled.
"You didn't. This is a wonderful dream."
"Mmm," she returned to licking and sucking me as I grew harder.
My body rocked with the bobbing of her head against my pubic hair. I tried to delay cumming. "So, um... the plan is to go to the automotive museum today."
She gave me one last lick, then sat up. "Sure. But first..." She slid two fingers between her legs before bringing them to my mouth. I licked the sweet juice with delight. "If I learned one thing from yesterday's trip to the zoo," she lifted onto her knees, straddling me, as she wrapped her fingers around the base of my cock, pointing it upward, "it's that we can't go anywhere until I get this beautiful cock," she started to lower herself onto my hard shaft, "Oh my god... this beautiful cock deep... ah, so deep... inside me."
I groaned and wrapped my fingers around her tits as I pushed my dick upward. She wiggled her hips to settle deeper.
"My pussy was made for your cock, my sweet man." I felt the head of my cock tap her cervix as she rubbed her pubic hair into mine. "Fuck me, darling. Make me cum before we face the world."
Our bodies started rocking together. I felt her wetness surround my shaft as I slid down, then back up. When I was deep inside once again, she smirked and the muscles of her vagina flexed around me, grabbing my cock like a soft, hot fist.
"OH, Carm." I humped into her out of reflex.
"You like that."
She did it again, and again I pushed into the flex. I grabbed her hips with both hands and started pumping into her with a steady rhythm.
"Would you mind terribly if I fucked you?"
"I would be very... OH my god... upset if you didn't. OOF."
She rode me hard, rotating her hips and grinding her clit into my pelvic bone. I gazed at this beautiful woman as beads of sweat dotted her light olive skin. Her perfect, medium-size breasts bounced with every move, as though casting out for someone to share her hard nipples. Carm opened her large brown eyes and caught me looking. Her face was a study in lust as she smiled at me, "Hello, handsome." She grimaced as our bodies slammed together. Our grunts and moans mingled with the sounds of wetness that squished between our hips.
Carm leaned forward, grabbing at my chest with both hands. She pushed her hips back and started dragging her clit against my throbbing rod, pressing herself into me with each jerk of her hips. Her face was tight and her teeth gritted as she hissed, "Fuck me, baby."
I tightened my grip on her hips and pounded hard and fast. Her cries were piercing and arousing.
"OH GOD FUCK ME. Unnnggh. So big. SO good. Yes. YES. OHMYGODOHMYGOD. FUCK!!"
Her body twitched with spasms as she came. The hot fluid running over my balls triggered my orgasm. I pulled her hips down and forced myself up into her, feeling her cunt tighten and relax around my thick shaft as I shot a huge load of cum into her depths.
"OH FUCK CARM."
"I can feel it, my love. I feel you swelling and filling me. I can feel your hot cum deep in my cunt. Oh, baby. Oh my god, yes."
She dropped to my chest and we gradually relaxed, holding tight to each other's sweat-covered bodies, recapturing our breath.
Carm propped herself on an elbow.
I looked into her big eyes and could not help but smile. "Think that will hold you for the day?"
She shrugged. "We'll see. Coffee?"
"Yes, please."
I watched as this delicious woman climbed from my bed and walked naked into the bathroom. I stretched my arms above my head once more. My cock was limp but still thick as it nestled in my cum-covered pubic hair. I stroked it, almost unconsciously.
I heard the toilet flush and water running. When she came out, Carm was wearing my dark terry cloth bathrobe, which extended below her knees. She blew me a kiss and walked toward the kitchen.
I jumped in the shower to quickly rinse off and prepare for the day. A few minutes later, as we drank our coffee, I asked Carmella if she needed a turn in the shower.
She stood on tiptoe to kiss me. "No, baby. I want to feel your cum in me all day." She patted the front of my briefs and we both headed to the bedroom to get dressed.
I think of our automotive museum as one of the best. Floor after floor of amazing machinery; from some of the earliest models to state-of the art innovations. The 1962 Ferrari 250 GTO, a 1961 Jaguar E-Type, a 1963 Porsche 911, and even some domestics like the 1970 Chevrolet El Camino SS and an Oldsmobile Starfire Convertible from 1962.
Carmella was not impressed. It didn't take long to figure out she was being polite for my benefit, nodding and smiling as I excitedly pointed out one sleek vehicle after another. Suddenly she pointed and shrieked, "Look! Jeff Bridges' car."
She ran through to the next room where they had a perfectly restored Tucker 48. She bounced on her toes. "Is this the actual one from the movie?" We read the description card and she was a bit disappointed that it was not. But I knew then what we had to do.
One section of the museum was devoted to "Cars of Cinema." She squealed, "Oh my god! The cannon car!" as she ran toward the Hannibal Twin 8 fromThe Great Race. She turned back, pretending to twirl a mustache. "Push the button, Max!"
She spun around taking in not one, but three batmobiles. And the black mustang that Bandit used to outrun Smokey. And the Duke boys' "General Lee."
Carm turned to me, excited at last. "This is like seeing my childhood come to life. Thank you so much for bringing me here." She took out her phone and started snapping pictures of her favorites.
I don't know why it took me so long to figure out where we should have started our day. I put my arm over her shoulder and turned toward the elevator. "I think I know some place you might enjoy."
It was a short walk across the street to the new movie museum. Carm's jaw hung loose as she walked through room after room of film history. Silent films, early "talkies," a large room full of golden statues from over the years as clips from award-winning films played on monitors scattered around the walls. There was a section dedicated to movies by African American filmmakers. As we gazed at the display cases full of memorabilia, I felt a hand on my arm.
"Enjoying yourself?"
I looked up to see my friend Chevonne, a tall, dark-skinned woman from Trinidad. Her hair was up on her head, which highlighted her long, slender neck. Her breasts pushed against a smart-looking blazer over a knee-length skirt. We hugged.
"Yes, we are. Chevonne, this is Carmella."
"Hello, Carmella."
They shook hands. "Please call me Carm."
"Nice to meet you, Carm." Chevonne looked at me. "I wish you had told me you were coming. I could have gotten you in for free."
"It wasn't planned. We were across the street and cars aren't really her thing."
"Sooo boring."
Chevonne chuckled. "Tell me about it. Except..."
"The batmobiles!" Carm jumped in.
"It's the Mach V for me, but, yes. Much more fun over here."
I edged into the conversation. "You're working here, now?"
"Only temporarily." She gestured to the African-American exhibit. "They brought me in to consult on all this."
"Oh, that's right. Your grandfather was a director, right?"
"A cinematographer, actually." Chevonne put a hand on my lower back and turned me toward a movie poster. A black couple was being menaced by a giant lizard. She left her hand there as she explained. "Not exactly high art, but they were able to hire lots of people of color when the main studios would not."
"Cool," Carm exhaled.
"I know, right? It's why I did my thesis on African-American film history. So many amazing stories."
She moved from me to drape an arm over Carm's shoulder; her long, dark fingers dangling near Carmella's breast.
"Tell me, Carm, what's your favorite movie?"
"I'm a child of the '90s, so probably 'Star Wars.'"
"In that case, I think I can make you very happy."
Carm wagged her eyebrows at me as she let Chevonne turn her toward another gallery.
Darkly lit, the entire room was filled with bright cases displaying artifacts from science fiction movies. C3PO sparkled from one case. R2D2 in another. ET. Predator. Edward Scissorhands. Ray guns, light sabers, holy grails, even an Overthruster. Carm disappeared into the room immediately! I lingered near an intricate model of the EVA pod from "2001: A Space Odyssey."
Once again, I felt the soft hand on my arm, Chevonne leaned close to my ear. "Open the pod bay doors, HAL."
I blinked at her. "I don't think those words have ever made me hard before."
Her smile was dazzling against her dark skin. "Nice to know I haven't lost my touch. How've you been?"
"I'm doing great!"
She laughed and nodded in the direction we'd last seen Carm. "I could see that. Young and sweet, these days?"
"She's not that much younger than you, Chevonne." I tried not to sound defensive.
Chevonne scoffed. "At least ten years. But I'm not judging." She craned her neck until she found Carm bending low to look at a case of Star Trek comm badges. "I'd do her myself, if she'd let me."
I had to chuckle. "She'd let you."
Chevonne looked at me, her carefully trimmed eyebrows rising. "Really? She goes that way?"
"That woman goes every way, anywhere, and as often as she can."
"Ah, to be young again, hm? Well, if she's wearing you out, I'd be happy to help." She nudged me with her hip.
"Katie!" We suddenly heard Carm shouting. "Oh my god! Come'ere. It's Katie."
We walked through the maze of cases where Carm was bouncing on her toes, pointing at a poster for Katie's space movie among a collection of other low-budget cult hits. "Look, babe. Katie."
I exhaled, rather glad she wasn't making the loud fuss over finding Katie herself.
Carm grabbed Chevonne's arm. "I'm a HUGE fan of this movie and we met her, what, two days ago? Oh my god. She was soooo nice."
Chevonne bumped her butt into mine again. "Two at once, now?"
"It was just dinner."
"Yeah, just dinner." Carm had the sense to lower her voice. "But, let me tell you, that woman is seriously fuckable. Given half a chance, I'd..."
"Carm, we understand."
Chevonne gave me a crooked smile. "Every way and anywhere. I like that." Then, turning to include Carm, "Listen you two, I have to get back upstairs. It was a delight meeting you, Carm. I hope we can spend more time together."
Carm pulled her into a solid hug, pressing their tits together. "Me, too."
"If you two haven't eaten, I can recommend the café next door for lunch. In the meantime, enjoy the museum."
Chevonne hugged me, leaning to my ear. "Wow."
I grinned as I released the hug. "Uh huh. Thanks for the lunch advice."
Carm and I both enjoyed the view as Chevonne walked to the elevator.
Carm took my hand. "Did you two ever date?"
"Hm?" avoiding the question.
"You should. She likes you."
"Carm, I'm not looking."
"You're looking at her ass."
"Are we done here?"
"No way. Oh my god, there's a whole gallery for animation."
Two hours later found us enjoying a light lunch at the outdoor café that shared a parking lot with the museum. When we finished, I took Carm's hand and we wandered through the sculpture garden.
One sculpture was a huge wall of rust-colored metal that curved and snaked in on itself. What sounds kind of silly when described, became imposing, ominous, even magical as we walked inside. When it seemed like we were somewhere in the middle, I pulled Carm close and kissed her. She returned the kiss, sliding her tongue between my teeth to dance with my tongue. I caressed her breasts through her shirt.
She slipped one hand down my pants. "Y'know, it's unlikely we'll be seen in here."
Deep inside a sculpture at least 12-feet high and some 70-feet long, that seemed like a fair assumption.
I unsnapped her jeans and reached in to find she had not bothered with panties. She spread her legs so I could reach deeper, confirming that her pussy was still wet with my cum and hers from the morning.
I felt her hand lowering my zipper and fishing my soft penis through the fly of my briefs.
"Let's see what we can do with this, shall we?"
Her long slow strokes had me quickly filling with blood. I pushed a second finger into her pussy and started curving them forward and outward. She sighed, "Oh yea."
Given the excitement of being in a nearly public place, it didn't take long until we were pumping faster. Our hips were lurching toward each other. I leaned close to her, trying not to yell.
"I'm going to cum, Carm."
"Mmm. Yes. Do it."
Three more pumps sent cum spewing over her hand, as well as the front of my pants and hers. I plunged my fingers deep in her cunt as my body tightened with my orgasm.
She yipped once, loudly, then bit my arm to cover her moans as she came, her hips twitching onto my fingers.
That's when we heard footsteps. Heavy footsteps.
The security guard was tall and broad-shouldered. He rested his hand loosely over the radio on his belt as if it was a six-shooter. "You folks do know we have security cameras here, right?"
When the security guard pointed, both Carm and I looked up into an over-hanging tree where a small camera looked back.
"Aren't these new cameras amazing? Been having fun, haven't you."
Carm was still holding my dick and I could feel her pussy closing around my fingers.
"All right, then. Fun time is over. Put everything away and we'll take a walk."
A few minutes later, we found ourselves in a tiny, windowless office in a small trailer at the end of the parking lot. No handcuffs or anything, but it was very clear we were in trouble. The contents of our pockets were laid out on a table. The guard was slowly typing our driver's license info into a computer. Carm nudged me with her knee and nodded toward the bank of security screens.
"Number four, I think?"
The guard tapped a final key with a sense of accomplishment before turning to us. "What?"
"The camera angle on number four. That's how you saw us?"
He examined the screen. "Yep, that's the one." He hit a few buttons and the image zipped into fast reverse. Soon, the three of us trooped into frame backward, Carm and I opened up our pants and took hold of each other before the Guard walked away, backward again. The image froze, then began forward at normal speed. "No sound, of course." The guard sounded apologetic.
We reached the point where I was shooting my load. In the security office, I looked down at the cum stains on my pants.
Carm piped up, "You do have an adorable cum-face, honey."
I looked up to see the image frozen again. My head was back and my eyes closed. A particularly thick stream of cum was suspended in time.
"Don't you agree, Karl?"
The guard glanced down at his name tag, then up to Carm. "What?"
She pointed to the screen. "The face he makes, when he has an orgasm. Oh my god. Isn't it just the cutest?"
The guard looked perplexed. Carm leaned past him and pressed a couple of keys on the computer. The scene jumped forward to when she was biting my arm. "Damn. You can't even see my face. I was trying so hard to be quiet as his long fingers made me cum."
His computer chirped and a message appeared. It was my driver's license photo and the letters BOLO above a short paragraph. He read it carefully.
"Says here the Hollywood PD is looking for you. You're the owner of a car that almost ran over a dozen guards and smashed the gate at the Hollywood and Vine parking garage."
I found myself bristling. "It was only five guards and they were behind me, so I could not have run them over. And I did not smash the gate."
"We made it through before it even closed," Carm added, helpfully.
"So, you admit it was you?" Silence. "Well, it's not a warrant, just a 'be on the lookout,' so I'm not obligated to hold you."
"Karl," Carm was rubbing one of her nipples through her shirt. "What does your cum face look like?"
His brow furrowed. "Well, I guess, I dunno."
Carm stood up, cautiously moving toward him, lifting her shirt. Her tits were very close to his face. "I know a way to find out. Turn this way, handsome."
Karl looked at me, helpless. "Is she serious?"
"When it comes to sex, my lady is always serious."
Carm twitched an eyebrow at me, then flicked a glance at our stuff on the table.
"Of course I'm serious, Karl. Oh my god. You're a good-looking guy. It must get boring watching these dumb cameras all day long." As he started to lean his mouth to her nipple, she dropped to her knees, out of reach. "And then when something exciting does happen, like me and my boyfriend," another eyebrow twitch, "you show up and stop us before the real fun begins."
"Real fun? You were jacking him off."
Carm looked back at the frozen image on the screen.
"And isn't his dick amazing?" She unclipped Karl's equipment belt. "But if you had waited another minute, you could have watched me suck him."
She opened his pants. "You could have sat here, behind this locked door, taken out this.... Oh, this very big cock. Look how big it is, babe." She took his penis from under his boxers. It was only half the size of mine, if I do say so myself.
"Very nice."
"You know, Karl, he likes watching me. He likes it when I suck other men. Makes him hard, poor guy, to see me satisfying good looking guys like you."
Holding his cock around the base, she started licking it.
"Oh, fuck," Karl mumbled.
"This must happen all the time, huh Karl? Handsome guard alone with a helpless female who is drawn to your overt sexuality." She stroked him as he got harder, if not longer. "Overcome by your power and masculinity, she can't help herself. She has to..."
She quickly covered the head of his cock with her mouth. I could see her cheeks move as her tongue worked the ridge.
She pulled away, looking down at the five-inch rod with a nod of appreciation. "Not bad. Tasty, in fact. Are you married, Karl?" she kissed the tip of his dick. "Girlfriend?"
"Um, yeah. Wife"
Carm lowered her mouth over his entire dick and back up. "Good. I hate to think of this gem going to waste." She went down again. Without a flinch or a gag, she took his cock over her tongue with great attention.
When she lifted off, she made a show of catching her breath and wiping her mouth. "I want to see your cum face, Karl." She glanced at me, then to the table, then back to me. "I love the taste of cum, but I would really like to know what you look like as I swallow every drop." She went back to sucking him with renewed energy. Karl was pumping hard into her mouth.
I looked back at the table, realizing that our cell phones were there. Karl's head was leaning to one side and his eyes were closed. I quickly grabbed my phone, holding it behind me as I sat back down.
Still sucking hard, Carm looked at me and rolled her eyes. I shrugged.
"Oh yeah, little lady. You suck like a professional." He put his hand on her head. "Are you a whore? OW!"
She pulled her head off him. "Sorry. I guess a whore would know better than to let her teeth get in the way, huh, Karl?" She leaned down "Now, be sure to tell me when you're going to cum so I can brace myself." She started on him again, using her mouth on his head and one hand on the short shaft.
Karl was humping faster. "OK. OK. Getting close, little lady."
Carm winked at me. I brought the phone camera up slowly.
It took less than a minute before Karl jerked forward, shouting, "I'm cumming."
Carm pulled off his dick, turning her back to me as she jerked him off. I started snapping pictures as spurt after spurt of cum erupted from his dick. When he finished, Carm squeezed his dick, gathering the cum on her hand. I snapped one more picture as she licked her hand clean.
She winked at me. "I do love the taste of cum."
Karl opened his eyes. "That was great, little lady." Then he looked at me, holding the camera as Carm stood up and pulled her shirt down. I tapped the UPLOAD button.
"Great, was it 'little man'? So was it, y'know, worth something to you?"
Karl lunged for the camera, but with his pants still open, I dodged him easily.
"Too late," I said, "everything is already on the cloud."
Carm reached for the phone. "Let me see. Oh, nice. You do have a great cum face, Karl. Sort of a Gollum-vibe. And look, there's your name tag and badge number, clearly visible. Aren't these new cameras amazing, Karl?"
Karl huffed up his pants, grunting at Carm. "What do you want?"
"First, delete the BOLO alert."
"I can't. Different department."
"You must know some people in HWPD. Do what you can. If they come looking for him, I will go looking for your wife." She waved the phone.
He glared at her.
"Secondly, of course you will let us go with no report and no questions."
"Of course," he growled. "Anything else?"
"In fact, yeah," Carm gave him her most charming smile. "Will you make us a copy of that security footage?" She turned to give me a soft kiss on the cheek. "You do have the best cum face."
- + - + - + - + - + - +
Once in the car, we started to laugh. Carm said, "At least now I know where Hollywood gets the cliché of the dumb security guard." And we pulled away.
After a quick stop at the grocery store for provisions, we were soon at my house enjoying Carmella's special shrimp scampi.
Carm had been a bit quiet as we ate. Finally, she turned her dark eyes toward me. "I go home tomorrow."
I put my hand on hers. "I know."
Carm picked up the disc that Karl had given us, turning it to catch the rainbow effect of the light. "You do have a DVD player, don't you?"
"I'll figure something out."
"Good. Or," she kissed me, "I could find another way to see your cum face."