Eighteen months ago, I would never have believed I could do this. In fact when I left home this morning, I never thought I could go so far.
It was a toxic relationship. He was very controlling, not violent to me but, he controlled as much of my life as he could. When we first got together the sex was out of this world. He could turn me inside out just by sticking his dick in me. It was hot sweaty and wild, just how sex should be.
Eventually the great sex wasn't enough to counteract the control, and I decided to plan my escape.
I wanted out, but had no money. He controlled it all. Anything he wanted, he bought, but I was only allowed to buy groceries. He checked every credit card receipt to make sure there was nothing on there that shouldn't be. If I stepped too far out of line he would lock me in our bedroom, which luckily has an en suite, and I'd only be allowed out to cook meals.
Luckily, I had a close and trusted friend. The bonus was that he trusted her too. She knew I wanted out and she helped me a lot. We opened a joint bank account and she started it off with fifty quid. She got me a prepaid phone which I had to keep well hidden and never used when he was about.
I'm good with a sewing machine and because he trusted her, he didn't mind me going over to hers. She had a sewing machine and I started making clothes which she sold for me. It brought in some money which he didn't know about, but it was going to be a long time before I had enough to get out.
This went on for about a year, then the gods smiled on me. He got into a fight outside the pub one night. From what I've been told, he was losing, so he pulled a knife and stabbed his opponent, killing him.
He was arrested and charged with murder. Eventually he made a deal and pleaded guilty to manslaughter, and was sent down for fifteen years.
I was in court to hear the verdict and I was smiling all the way home.
This was my way out. I started to sell everything. His car, all his high end electronics, his designer clothes. Lets face it, they would all be well out of date by the time he got out.
We rented the house, unfurnished, so most of the furniture went too. I had enough money now to move. I just left. I didn't tell the landlord. The lease was in his name. They could sort it out with him in prison.
I'm now living in a small house in a village about 150 miles away. I have a job and am making new friends. I still keep in touch with my old one too.
Life is getting better. I went for counselling to become more assertive and improve my confidence. The self defence courses I took also improved my confidence. I pretty happy now but I still feel there is something missing. I don't know what it is though.
It wasn't sex I was missing. I'd had a few dates and been fucked a couple of times.
One was absolutely amazing. The guy took his time warming me up. I came on his fingers, and on his face, then many times as he ploughed my wet hole. If he hadn't showed signs of control I would have had him again.
The other thought he was god's gift to women. He was a bit bigger than average and thought all he had to do was stick it in and I would come. He came, I didn't and he went.
A few weeks later I went back to visit my friend. We were sat outside a cafe just drinking coffee, chatting and people watching when I saw her.
She was a tall blonde woman walking briskly down the street. That's not unusual, but she was different. She had big boobs and she wasn't wearing a bra. Her boobs were moving freely under her thin jumper and her nipples were clearly visible, poking at the thin material.
I looked at the men as she walked past and most of them were openly watching her. She didn't seem to notice them, just kept walking and her boobs kept bouncing.
She showed so much confidence. I began to wish that I could be so confident.
This woman stuck in my mind. Although my confidence had grown since I left my old home, I didn't think I would dare to do that.
One morning as I was dressing I checked out my boobs. They weren't as big as that woman, but were a reasonable size and didn't droop too much. I slipped on a thin sweater and walked briskly across the bedroom towards the full length mirror.
Wow! I was amazed. I looked pretty good. My boobs were bouncing well and my nipples were hardening as they moved inside the thin material. It was one thing to do it in my bedroom, a totally different thing to do it in public. I put a bra on, finished dressing and had breakfast before heading to work.
Throughout the day the thoughts of the morning kept coming back to me. I remembered the feel of freedom without a bra and the sensation of the material on my nipples, It was quite arousing.
Still wondering if I would ever have the nerve to go out in public like that, I took off my bra as soon as I got home. I felt wonderful.
To push myself, I went out into the garden. It's fairly secluded so there was a slim chance of being seen. It was still a big step for me. The cool evening air instantly hardened my nipples and I looked down to see them poking proud. I was also getting a bit horny with the feeling.
I went to bed and masturbated to ease the horniness. The more I thought about it, the more I wanted to go out in public braless, but I couldn't get up the nerve to do it.
The next weekend I had to go to a nearby town for my weekly groceries. In my mind I was going to go braless where it was unlikely that I'd be recognised, but I was still very nervous about doing it.
I was wearing a bra when I left home. I didn't want my neighbours to have any idea what I was planning.
I finished my grocery shopping and loaded it into the car, and went for a wander around town. Finally I made my mind up, but one problem remained. How do I get my bra off in a crowded street.
As I was pondering this, I walked past a dress shop. Just the place. I went in and picked a couple of dresses to take to the changing room. One of them, a white knee length summer dress with a button front, took my fancy. I came out of the changing room with my bra in my handbag and went to the cashier to buy the dress. The cashier was a man and I was apprehensive about being too close to a man in my braless state.
I needn't have worried. He took a good look at my boobs and smiled as he served me. That eased my concerns a lot.
Out on the street, I forced myself to walk briskly with my head held high. My boobs were jiggling nicely and I could see the admiring glances from the men. I felt really empowered. It was such a thrill that I decided I had to do it more often.
I'd done this a few times and it was fun, but I wondered if I could take things a bit further. Would I dare? What else would I feel comfortable with? I certainly wasn't going to go fully naked.
On my next trip into town I wore the dress I'd just bought. Underneath was just a pair of white panties. I had the top buttons undone to just above my boobs and the bottom ones to just below my pussy.
The walk across the bedroom test was great. The dress was loose enough at the top that my boobs had room to move about, and the bottom was just right to show a flash of white panties as I walked.
It was a warm day but there was an occasional cool breeze that made my nipples stand up. I loved it. In the town centre there were rows of seats, facing each other. I sat down on one, opposite a young man. I leaned back and stretched my arms along the seat back, knowing that this would pull the dress tight across my boobs.
Through my half closed eyes I saw the guy looking. I didn't realise that as I sat down the sides of my dress slipped to the side and he could see my thighs and the white triangle of my panties. The guy was not trying to hide the fact that he was looking so I 'accidentally' let my legs part so he had a full view of my panty covered pussy.
Oooh! That was so exciting, showing my panties to a stranger in town. I felt myself getting damp between my thighs. I wondered if |I was showing a wet spot, and if he could see it.
After a couple of minutes, I got up and walked away as though I hadn't realised what I'd shown.
I was getting into showing myself 'accidentally'. I felt powerful and confident. Doing it in the town centre was OK but I needed new challenges and ideas.
At one end of town was a hill. At the top was a circular viewing area where you could look out over the valley, or over the rooftops of the town. It was a popular spot. It was also quite windy at times.
My next plan needed a short flared skirt. I couldn't afford to keep on buying new clothes and I didn't know if I could find what I wanted so I bought a second hand sewing machine and made my own.
The pink material was light and looked lovely. I knew it would do the job because if I spun round it would flare up and show my panties.
The next weekend I visited the viewing area, wearing my new short skirt. I stood against the wall looking out over the valley and waited. It wasn't long before a gust of wind caught my skirt and I felt it lift right up exposing my white panties. It's tough to make things look accidental and timing the delay between the skirt lifting and me grabbing it is key. The skirt has to be up long enough for anybody watching to get a good look but not so long that it looks deliberate. I think I managed it.
There are always people with phones and cameras and I'm pretty sure there will be photos somewhere of me with my skirt up and panties on display. I got a thrill thinking that somebody will be looking at my bottom later.
I was really enjoying myself but needed to challenge myself further. More clothes were needed.
The best outfit I made was my favourite. It was a knee length lacy dress with a loosed fitting bodice. The neckline stopped between my boobs, and if I leaned forward anybody looking would get a good view of my boobs and possibly my nipples. The skirt part of the dress was split up the front to just below my pussy, making sure that my panties would show when I was walking.
I wore this a lot, I bent down a lot, particularly when men were around. I would squat down to look at things on the bottom shelves in the supermarket with my legs apart showing my panties.
There always seemed to be a lot of men about when I was in town, more than when I first started going. Was word getting around about me flashing all over the place? I had a little judder at the thought.
My next challenge to myself was to go without panties. This was a tough decision to make and it took a while to commit to it.
In town one day, wearing my favourite outfit, I just decided to go for it, and slipped into an alley and took my panties off. I didn't have a bag with me, so my panties ended up in a nearby bin. The feel of the air on my pussy was amazing and the fact that I was just about naked really turned me on and I felt myself getting a bit wet.
I did the usual things, bending over, and squatting down knowing that I was showing everything to anybody who was looking.
I also went to the viewing point in my flared skirt. If there were only adults about, I would stand with my back to the wall and allow the front of the skirt to blow up showing my pussy. I wondered if anybody could see how wet I was.
Was this as far as I could go? I thought so, apart from being fully naked and I wasn't prepared to do that.
One very hot day I found out I could go much further. I'd been in town in my favourite dress and I was getting very warm, uncomfortably so. I went down to the park in search of some shade and I was lucky enough to find a seat set back about six feet from the main path and in the shade of some large trees.
With a sigh of relief I sat down and immediately felt cooler. After I'd been there a few minutes, I heard a low voice and a higher pitched giggle. I looked around but couldn't immediately see anybody. I looked more closely and saw through a gap in the hedge behind me.
Behind the hedge was a grass field sloping upwards and there, about five or six feet from me and a couple of feet higher were a couple laid on their sides kissing. His hand was stroking up and down her thigh and with each upward stroke her short skirt was pushed further up.
How far would they go,? I thought. Presumably they thought that they couldn't be seen.
As the skirt got higher he ended up stroking her tight bottom over her powder blue panties. After a few minutes she moved over onto her back and as she did, his hand pushed the front of her skirt up and it landed on her mound.
His fingers worked a circular motion over her mound and she started to wriggle and squirm Her legs parted and I noticed a dark spot on her panties. She was enjoying what he was doing to her. So was I. It was so hot to watch I was getting damp myself.
I wasn't very comfortable so I quietly twisted round so I could rest my arms on the back of the seat and put one knee up on the seat.
His fingers moved downwards and began sliding up and down her slit, before pulling her panties to one side and slipping a finger into her glistening pink hole. He stroked in and out for a short while before slipping another finger in and stroked faster. They were still kissing and her moans were muffled but her hips showed she was enjoying it as she was pushing up to meet his thrusts.
She whispered something to him and he stopped stroking and knelt by her head and took out his rock hard cock. She took it in her hand and stroked it. The sight of his bulbous plum coloured head coming into view every time she stroked his foreskin back really got me going and I slid one hand down to my pussy and began to stroke myself.
He reached for the waist of her panties and started to pull them down. She lifted her bottom to help and he pulled them off one leg. I could see all of her pink pussy, slightly open and wet topped by a tuft of light brown hair.
As she started to take him in her mouth his fingers returned to her pussy and they slipped in easily and he really fingered her hard, his fingers shining with her juices. She was bucking and writhing like a woman possessed.
He struggled with one hand to get his pants off but eventually gave up and used both hands. I was treated to the glorious sight of the full size of his cock. He was soon between her thighs and he slid into her.
She wrapped her legs round his back, panties swinging from one ankle and I had a full view of him sliding and and out of her willing pussy.
The sight of this had me aching to be fucked and I had my fingers in myself working like crazy and I was coming hard. I had so bite my lip to stop myself from crying out.
He pounded her hard and I could see her getting wetter and wetter. It wasn't long before I noticed creamy whiteness on his cock and I realised that he was coming inside her.
Oh! How I wished it was me he was fucking. To feel a hot cock in me now would be out of this world.
After a few more strokes he pulled out and his come ran out of her. She quickly pulled her panties on and rubbed herself. Her panties were soaked.
He found his clothes and dressed. I wish I could have cleaned his cock. I would have licked every drop of come off him. She stood and brushed her skirt down and they walked off out of view.
I still had my fingers in my pussy when I heard a man's voice.
"That was some show. Thank you. I enjoyed it"
I jumped. I had been so engrossed in watching the couple that I hadn't noticed anybody near me.
I looked at him and saw a bulge in the front of his pants. That was all I was interested in. I was so horny I just wanted a fuck.
"You've seen mine. Show me yours." I said
He looked around and with difficulty, got his stiff cock out of his pants.
"Come here" I said
He did.
"Sit down. There are two rules. No talking and no touching"
He nodded.
I straddled him with my back to him, reached between my legs and tried to guide him to where I wanted him to be. I couldn't make it work and he realised and slid down the seat. I held him at the entrance and slowly slid down his hot column of flesh. I felt every vein and ripple of him as he went in.
I sat still, savouring the feeling. It had been a while and it was amazing. I hoped he would be able to hold on long enough for me to come.
I began to ride him, I leaned back on his chest and slowly slid up and down. I didn't want him to come before me.
This angle was putting pressure on my G spot and I could feel an orgasm building. Warmth spread from my pussy through my body and I could feel myself flush. I closed my eyes to concentrate on the feelings. The spring inside me was winding up. Each time I slid down on him it got tighter. I was getting desperate for release but I didn't want to go faster.
I put my hand between my legs and one stroke across my clit was all it took. The spring released and I came. Every fibre of my body felt it as everything let go. The flood gates opened and my pussy flooded, soaking his trousers.
Panting, I collapsed on him, gathering myself to give him his ending. Once I got my breath back, I rode him hard. I opened my eyes to see two guys watching my sopping wet pussy swallowing this superb cock
I didn't want the guy I was riding to be spooked so I put my finger to my lips to keep them quiet. They nodded and raised a questioning eyebrow and pointed at me.
Shaking my head, I held my hand out to keep them away. I had all I wanted in me. I didn't want them.
Being watched fired me up and I kept on riding faster and faster. I was coming again, not as big as the last one, but still an orgasm. I couldn't believe the stamina of this guy.
The two guys had their cocks out and were stroking furiously. When they came it was amazing. I've never seen a guy coming before. Seeing spurt after spurt splattered on the pathway was a real turn on.
The guy inside me began to stiffen up, then I felt him pulse inside me and his come coated my pussy walls. Another orgasm ripped through me and I sank down on him waiting for him to soften inside me.
Once he was fully soft and almost out of me I stood up and his come dripped from me all over the front of his trousers.
The guys who had been watching had gone., so I stood away from the seat and looked at the guy I'd just ridden. His trousers were soaked with my come and there were globs of his come there too. I noticed his wedding ring and hoped his wife wouldn't be at home to see him like that.
"Thank you." I said as I walked away on wobbly legs with a smile a mile wide on my face. I tried to find a quiet way back to my car. It's one thing to be nearly naked in public, but another thing altogether to do it with wet thighs and white come dripping from you.