My heart is pounding at the thought. I can't believe this is actually happening. As cliché as it sounds, a weight is somehow lifting from my chest...
I barely remember walking thru my front door as we make it to my bedroom. I turn around and face him as I look up at his wanting, craving eyes. He looks down at me, and kisses me, giving me a fragile peck as if treading light water. I kiss him back hard, reassuring him that he doesn't need to be so delicate. He tastes of mint gum and blueberry pre-workout, I presume. The knots in my stomach twist and turn, causing my pussy to crave more than what my hands could provide. I step away and begin walking towards the window, before he pulls me back and stops me in my tracks.
"Don't close the window..." My breath hitches at his demand.
"I don't want a repeat of what happened earlier..." My voice is hoarse and meek.
"I want everyone to know it's my name you're calling out when I make you cum." Goosebumps run through my body and instantly I feel heat radiating from my groin.
I walk towards him and push my body into him, letting him feel the hardness of my nipples while I feel his cock throbbing against me. I push him towards the arm chair and tell him to sit down.
"I want you to sit here and watch me play with my pussy." His brown eyes dilate as I untie the knot of my robe and skim my fingers across my skin, teasing him with a glimpse of my naked body. His member twitches again as I slowly peel off the satin from one shoulder, then the other. His jaw drops slightly at the sight of my naked body before him, ready and wanting.
"God... damn... Leah. I never... knew. I always... wondered..." his reaction calls right out to my pussy, already wet from watching his body shifting in front of me. "Keep going."
I back myself into the corner of the bed and once again spread my legs open, but this time for the sexy, hungry, man that lives next door. I never take my eyes off his as I begin handling my breasts. I rub my body seductively, giving an erotic peepshow while tugging on my erect nipples. I free one hand to rub down my body to my now soaking wet little cunt. I tickle my clit as I bite my lip throwing my head back feeling pleasure radiate thru me. As I bring my head back down, I notice my one-man-audience is stroking his hard dick thru the thin material of his shorts. His gaze now focused on my self love.
"You like what you see?" I breathe.
He smiles confidently and chuckles, "I think you know the answer to that. Don't play with me, I want you to fuck yourself." I stick a finger in my pussy and feel the wetness once more. I've never felt so hot. "I want to see you fuck yourself like how I saw you thru your window." Two fingers slide into my cunt, the juices lubricating the finger fucking self pleasure I'm giving myself. I don't know what's getting me off... knowing that he's watching me or the mixed sensations of my tender nipples and my dripping wet fuckhole. I want him now. I want him to fill me up with his cock and let the walls of my vagina contract on him as I cum. I couldn't take it anymore.
"Fuck me, Scott..." I exhale as my insides toss and turn wanting to release. I don't want to cum yet.
He locks eyes with me again. The golden undertones burning in his big brown eyes. "Is that what you want?" He says as he pulls the drawstring of his shorts. His thumbs hang around the garter of his shorts, teasing me with his happy trail. His caged rock hard cock, pointing the direction it wishes to be. He peels of his shirt displaying the toned pectorals and lean stomach. I admired him for not wanting to achieve a those "washboard abs." There's something sexy about a bulky man, something so animal. I stop fingering myself to gawk at him. "Don't stop playing with yourself... or I won't fuck you." I smirk. He does like to play. I slide one finger back into my sopping wet pussy and he continues to edge down his bottoms. My God, he doesn't wear anything under his shorts. His proud member springs free from its restraints as he walks towards me. He grabs my thighs and pulls me close to him. The tip of his cock teasing the opening of my pussy, craving him to enter me.
"Tell me what you want," he runs his fingers up and down the underside of my thighs. He's careful not to make direct contact as I ache for him to pay me no mercy.
"Fuck... me" I'm out of breath by his touch. I slide my body down, almost forcing him to insert himself. And he backs away, playfully. Fuck, he's playing with me.
"No. I want you to tell me what you want. And how you want it. Say my name." He gets off by me begging. He wants me to let him know how much I want him, how much I've been wanting him. I can't take it.
"Scott... I want your cock inside my pussy. And I want you to fuck me... fuck me hard." I'm oh, so fucking wet.
And with that, he grabs my thighs again and pulls me onto him. Ramming his hard, throbbing cock into me with every muscle in his body. I let out a yelp as I feel his girth expand me, stretch me wide and fill me up. His jaw drops as he feels the tightness of my pussy clench around him. He hisses as he pulls himself back. And forces himself into me again and doesn't stop. His strokes are long and uniform, only fair for a man of his length to fit every inch of him into me. His beats becoming faster and match his breathing as he really starts to move.
"Leah, baby, fuck... you're so tight." He manages to let out between his breaths. Beads of sweat forming around his forehead and down his torso, I enjoy the view of my neighbor dominating me. So much so, I feel the pleasure continuously build from my pussy to my stomach. My eyes roll back as I take his delicious cock into me, over and over. I come back to reality as he grasps my neck in his firm, large hands.
"Look at me while I'm fucking you," he says thru his teeth, "understand?" I manage to nod my head in reply. He pounds into me relentlessly, with no mercy. "Say my name."
"Fuck, baby... Scott I'm gonna cum!" My moans are clipped and breathy as his hand seductively encircles my throat. "Right there, Scott! Fuck... me... right there!"
"Hold on, babe... I'm gonna cum, too..."
He quickly pulls out his cock, swirling the tip on my clit about to send me over the edge before he shoves himself into me again, stopping my climax and torturing me all over. He begins his hard, rough fucking, filling my tight, little hole in all be right places. I can't wait any longer, it feels too fucking good.
The sounds are muffled, my eyes lock with his, and the familiar, creeping build up of pleasure continues to grow in my groin with every... fucking... stroke.
"Fuck! I'm cumming!" My body tenses, my pussy contracts on his cock as he thrusts into me fast with all his body weight fucking me and tearing me. I moan as my legs continue to shake at the continuous, never ending pounding of my soaking wet pussy.
"Leah... fuck baby, I'm gonna cum, too... fuck, I'm gonna bust..." I push him off and back onto the arm chair where I stroke his length up and down, returning the merciless favor.
"Cum on me, Scott." His eyes grow wide and suddenly transform to that of hunger and neediness. As I make my way back up to the head of his cock, he moans and shoots his cum all over my face and breasts. I continue to milk him, allowing every little drop of pleasure erupt from his cock.
He raises his head from the back of my arm chair. And flashes, a tired, sweaty, but still incredibly sexy smile at me. I return with a thoroughly fucked, equally tired smile as well.
"Fuck..." he manages to whisper.
I grab a towel and wipe myself off before straddling him. I feel the breeze cool my sweat from my open window. We both look at the curtain fluttering.
I feel his cock twitch under me and I immediately lock eyes with him again. His eyes reveal the same desire as when I bumped into him in my robe.
"You better shut the window this time, babe. I dont want you to get a noise complaint."