Today was day two at the hospital, I had come in for a routine procedure but because of delays to my scans, I was stuck here. It was nothing scary, some imbalance in magnesium or iron or something that sounded metallic. I had offered to lick an iron bar if it would help but unfortunately, it is not quite that simple, so here I sit.
So, my name is Alice Cotter, I'm 28 years old and I'm 5 feet and 6 inches tall (on my tippy toes) and I weigh around... none of your fucking business! I am slim, let us just leave it at that, I have medium length blonde hair that normally hangs around my shoulders and my breasts are a nice 36c (if you're a man and you're unsure what that means, open up your hand and slap yourself with it. Google is your friend) Sorry if I seem aggressive but I had been trapped in this bed for two days and I was feeling very sorry for myself, I hadn't even been able to give myself a little stroke to pass the time. It is hard to bring yourself to orgasm while an overweight seventy-five-year-old with dodgy glands and flatulence that could blow King Kong off the side of a building is staring at you.
My wife would be visiting me in a few hours; I had not seen her since I came in, and I'd had to travel alone (poor me). She'd had to go to Manchester for some kind of conference and, as if going to Manchester was not punishment enough, she would be sitting with very boring men and women talking about financial stuff that might give a statistician a boner but not my girl. Her name is Sophie Cotter (I took her surname; my maiden name is Dibblesworthy so you can see why) and she is perfect, we met at school and I was immediately in love. Her red hair and amazing figure coupled with a lust for life and, as it turned out, a lust for me too. She has been with me since I first realized I am gay, a couple of awkward kisses and fumbles in the school restroom had swung me over to the pink side of the tracks. We were married by our 25th birthday and life was amazing.
Given that I have told you how much we are in love, our sex life decisions might surprise you. We have two rules, you do not wake up in anyone else's bed and you do not have sex with another person more than once unless it involves both of us. It is simple really because we spend a fair amount of time apart we sometimes need something more than a dildo to get us through, as long as it's just sex it's allowed, but when it comes to cuddling up at night, only my Sophie will do!
It might seem like that would force us apart, but it doesn't, it makes things much more interesting. There are not many things more erotic than listening to my girl talking about her fun nights while stroking my inner thigh. So, what's our policy when it comes to cock? We do not discriminate, we have shared men before but to be honest, Sophie enjoys them more than I do. If I want something long to throw up on me, I'll feed sweeties to a worm.
When we are together; it's like drinking a potion that makes you feel sexy, horny, and in love all at the same time and it leads to many adventures. We are both exhibitionists when we are together and some of the things we have done I would never do if I was alone, but being with her made me feel safe and able to explore myself in ways I'd be too afraid to face without her.
It was just after 2pm, dinner had been served and the empty plates had been taken away, it tasted like a footballer's balls had been dipped in my mouth, and judging by the hair in it, he needed a shave down there, but I did not care. Sophie would be here any moment.
There were only three people on this ward, Brenda, the overweight fart factory I mentioned earlier, Jessie; a rather lovely brunette who had her leg in a cast, and Stacy a young blonde no more than nineteen years old. I thought she was cute at first but she had some kind of weapons-grade STI that made her vagina swell up and turn a shade of purple and red, kind of like a clown's lips after a car crash!
All three women were busy sleeping, reading, or scratching themselves (no prizes for guessing who was itchy) which just left little old me. Then, just as I was excitedly looking out for the unmistakable red hair of my wife, I fell asleep!
When my senses slowly began to return to me, I was dimly aware of a warm feeling around my right hand and a soft pressure on my lips. I kept my eyes closed and enjoyed the contact that I knew was coming from my darling wife, my smile betrayed my slumber and I opened my lips enough to tempt her tongue into my mouth. Delicious warmth moved past my lips as her tongue slipped in and danced with my own. After an all too brief moment, she withdrew and moved away as I opened my eyes and looked up at Sophie, her hair hanging down over my face and a beautiful smile on her lips. She was beyond beautiful, and behind her looking extremely interested was Louise, the nurse!
Sophie saw me looking past her and turned to see what had caught my attention, Louise looked like she had been caught killing a nun with a hammer and froze. She was about five feet tall and very petite like a stiff breeze would carry her away. Her blonde hair was tied back in a ponytail apart from a couple of strands of hair that fell over her face. Her blue dress was extremely unflattering, covering her up from her throat to her knees where a pair of white socks and buckle shoes completed the look. She looked about twenty years old and had a very sweet face.
"It's okay cutie," Sophie playfully told her. "We're married." With that, she turned back to me and covered my mouth with hers and kissed me with a special passion only a wife can give. She loved to tease and I loved how brash and bold she could be, by the time Sophie broke away this time; Louise was nowhere to be seen!
"You're terrible!" I told her, smiling widely. Everything felt better and more acceptable now she was with me.
"I know, but you wouldn't have me any other way," she winked as she said it.
"Oh, believe me, I'd have you any way I can get you," I told her, feeling a little gushy.
"Don't worry darling, you can have me any way you like." She went to sit down but I stopped her by leaning forward and kissing her again, not quite so sexily as before, I just wanted her to know I had missed her. I released her long enough for her to sit on the stool next to me. The bed did not have the side rails up and was about level with the stool Sophie was sitting on so I got a lovely view of her as she sat and crossed one leg over the other.
Sophie was wearing a loose silver blouse that looked gorgeous on her, it had the top two buttons undone so a little bit of cleavage was visible as well as her baby pink bra. Her breasts are slightly smaller than mine are, and just the right size for sucking. Her hair cascaded over her shoulders and stopped around the middle of her back, she had kept it that long since school and thought of it as her best feature. For me though, as she well knew, my favourite parts of her body, aside from her gorgeous smile, are her legs. Clearly, she had this in mind when she came to visit me that day because she had on a red pleated short skirt that only just made it to mid-thigh! When she sat down facing me and crossed her legs, I could just see her pink panties that matched her bra!
"Wow," I said after a moment of looking her up and down. "You look so hot!"
"Thank you, baby," she said with a smile, looking happy that I'd noticed the effort she'd made. "You look pretty good too! That long blue hospital gown suits you, you should bring it home and we can play 'doctors and nurses' when you get back!"
We both laughed, partly because it sounded funny and partly because it was a good idea! She moved the stool a little closer, took hold of my hand, and kissed it.
Sophie had been scared when I was sent to the hospital, I'd been feeling rough for a few days and Sophie had finally convinced me to have a blood test which had shown a small deficiency of metal, apparently. She was upset she couldn't see me straight away and had to go to that meeting in Manchester, originally she was going to spend longer there but she had talked to her manager and been allowed to cut it short so she could get back today.
"How are you feeling babe?" she asked. "I'm sorry I didn't get back sooner."
"I'm fine, much better since they hooked me up to this thing. Not often the juice out of a bag is beneficial but this is doing the trick," I wanted to keep the tone light in case she started to worry again. "After my scan later on I should be allowed home."
"That's good sweetie, if anything ever happened..."
"Hey, don't get mushy on me girl! I'm fine." I reached out and stroked her knee. "Okay?"
"Okay," she relaxed more and glanced around. "What's with the girl over there? Does she think that if she scratches that thing enough she'll win a car?" We both burst out laughing, Stacy had her earphones on and was tapping her feet to whatever she was listening to, one hand holding her phone and the other hand... you get the idea!
"I don't know," I whispered while giggling. "I reckon that from now on she'll make sure her boyfriend is wearing three condoms and a shopping bag before she lets him near her again though!" That set us off again.
"It's nice to feel you touching me," Sophie said looking down at my hand on her knee.
"Knowing you were in here made me miss you even more than usual."
"I missed you too. I like your panties; did you wear them especially for me?" I asked.
"I did," she glanced around to make sure no one was taking notice of us and slowly uncrossed her legs and hiked her skirt up a little so I could see. "Cute, huh?"
"Very cute," I reached out and grazed my fingertips over the silky material. As soon as I made contact, I felt Sophie stiffen up and tremble a little. I ran my hand up and down her inner thigh for a moment then pulled away so she could cover up again, I could see she was already getting turned on and I wondered how damp those panties might be.
"Who was that nurse looking at us earlier?" Sophie asked as she smoothed her skirt down and demurely crossed her legs again.
"Her name is Louise, I saw her when I first came into this ward, I flashed her a little!" I admitted.
"Oh really? Tell me more!" Sophie leant forward and suddenly we were like little girls secretly talking about a crush on a boy or girl at school. I smiled knowing how much she enjoyed hearing about things I had done while she had been away, just as much as I loved her stories.
"It was only a glimpse," I whispered. "You remember when I came in and I was a little woozy?"
"Yeah, you looked high! But not in a fun way," Sophie looked a little downcast again so I quickly followed up.
"Well, they told me to get changed into this gown and wait on my bed, so I did."
"Good girl."
"Indeed, so I put my feet on the bed and laid back. After a bit, I sat up and crossed my legs on the bed, like kids do when they sit on the floor."
"Uh oh," Sophie playfully waved her finger at me. "A lady should never do that when she's wearing nothing underneath!"
"Exactly," I nodded. "The gown was too tight to do it comfortable so I pulled it up over my knees and looked at my phone for a bit, totally unaware."
"Bullshit," Sophie giggled. "You knew exactly what you were doing you little slut! Did your tits 'accidentally' pop out too?" I laughed at the image it put in my head and teasingly slapped her knee.
"I'll have you know I've been the very model of sophistication," I put on my posh 'phone voice' for her. "Anywhere, there I was blissfully unaware my pussy was there for anyone to see until I heard a tiny little gasp."
"She actually gasped?"
"Of course she did, remember when I flashed you at school? You gasped then!" I teased.
"True, but in fairness, you don't expect to be flashed during a history lesson," she cooed.
"It beat the shit out of learning about the Romans! Anyway do you want to hear the rest of my little story or not?"
"Yes please," Sophie put her hand over mine on her knee.
"So, I heard a tiny gasp and I looked over my phone and saw Louise staring at me, and she didn't move at all!" I spoke a little faster now remembering the excitement I'd felt despite my health.
"She just looked at you, didn't run away or tut?" Sophie was enjoying it. She squeezed my hand and moved it a little further up her leg.
"No, nothing like that, the look on her face was a mixture of surprise and...I don't know," I pictured the face of the young nurse and tried again to read it. "Maybe a little turned on, but I can't be sure."
"You think she's into women?" Sophie mused.
"Why wouldn't she be?" I smiled cheekily.
"Fair point," Sophie said with a nod. "So what happened next?"
"Well, obviously that's when I realized what was going on and why she was looking at me," I continued. " I didn't react straight away, just stayed in that position and after I came to my senses, I tried to have a bit of fun with her."
"How?" Sophie asked, almost drooling.
"I slowly uncrossed my legs," I talked as if I were narrating an erotic sex scene. "I didn't look up from my phone but I could just see her over the top of it. I stretched my legs out but I didn't pull the gown back down so she could still easily see me."
"She still watched you?" Sophie was whispering now and I could see her thighs moving together. I wondered again about those panties I had a glimpse of earlier, were they starting to soak up my wife's sweet juice?
"She did," I said nodding. "I bent my knees and pulled them up to my chest and crossed my ankles, then let my knees drift apart." I could see Sophie's chest moving a little more quickly, I continued stroking her leg from her thigh down to her knee and back again.
"Mmmm that sounds so hot, I think I would've jumped on you," she whispered again.
"I think maybe a part of her wanted to, the whole thing could've only been about a minute but it felt longer," I became aware of my nipples gently pushing at the rough fabric of the hospital gown and soft warmth between my legs.
"What did she do?" Sophie asked.
"Nothing at first, but then she seemed to take half a step towards me," I said. "I really thought for a moment she was going to come over to me."
"Do you think she would've tried to do something with you?" Sophie asked. "Or tell you your vag was hanging out?"
"I don't know," I said. "But I wanted to let her know I was okay with her looking at me like that."
"Yeah, I know what you mean." Sophie nodded with no hint of admonishment or jealousy. She knew that I meant it when I said I was having a bit of fun with the nurse, nothing more. It's just the way we are, anything we do with other people we share like this, it's incredibly liberating and, judging by the state my wife was in right then, very erotic!
"I would've loved it if you had gone all the way with her," Sophie continued. "I'd love to hear about how she looks under that dress."
"Yeah, me too," I lamented. "I slowly smiled and looked up at her but someone called her and she left, I don't know if she actually saw me smile at her."
"Poor baby, so disappointing," she said softly. "What did you do? Finish yourself off?"
"No, when Louise left I realized that woman over there," I nodded towards Brenda who was softly snoozing after her meal. "She was looking at me shaking her head, then she turned on her side and did a massive fart that sounded like a fox being fucked from behind by an elephant!" Sophie threw her head back and laughed, when she did she raised the knee I'd been stroking and I got another glorious glimpse of her pink underwear!
"Jesus that's so bad," Sophie laughed. "But poor you, have you had any other chances to play with her or anyone else?"
"No, honestly I felt pretty shit until they hooked me up to the IV line, most of the time I've been snoozing, looking at my phone and missing you," I said truthfully. Sophie leaned forward again and kissed me tenderly on the lips.
"Love you, baby," said Sophie as she stroked my face.
"I love you too," I told her. "So, did you enjoy hearing about my little adventure?"
"Mmm very much, you got me all worked up," she smiled and let her hand glide from my face down to my neck.
"Is that right?" I teased. "Did you get up to anything in Manchester?"
"No, I wasn't there long enough to get into any trouble, I wanted to save myself for you," she smiled and traced the exposed part of my neck with her fingertip.
"That's sweet baby, but you must be about ready to pop," I ventured.
"Just knowing you're naked under that thin gown has been driving me insane since I walked in here," she was back to whispering now. I gently bit my lip and looked into her eyes.
"How wet are you under those little pink panties?" I asked with a naughty smile.
"Wouldn't you like to know?" she sexily teased back. "I'll give you a hint."
Sophie sat up straight and had a quick look around as she uncrossed her legs and turned her body towards me, when she was satisfied no one was looking in our direction, although I doubt it would have made any difference if they were, she parted her knees again but did not stop there! Still looking down at the nurse's station she reached down and slid her panties to one side and slid her middle finger into her pussy, followed by her index finger!
"Oh god," I said under my breath as I watched my wife softly finger herself in front of me, anyone could walk in and see her which turned me on even more! My gaze travelled up from her pussy to her eyes, she'd lost interest in being careful now and was staring right at me. The noise of her wet fingers sliding in and out of her pussy coupled with the sweet sounds of her excited moans under her breath made the whole scene more breathtaking! Slowly she pulled her fingers out and pulled her underwear back over her glistening slit and pushed her knees together, she had a beautiful beaming smile and leant back towards me.
"You look, hungry baby," Sophie offered her wet fingers to me and I opened my lips ready. She spread her moisture over my lips first before guiding them into my waiting mouth. I closed my lips over them and sucked her juice onto my tongue, tasting the beautiful essence of my wife. She softly withdrew them and stroked them over my lips again, and then she leant down and licked her juice off my lips before kissing me much more urgently than she had done earlier. To emphasise how she felt at that moment she pretty much groped at my left breast over the gown covering them, I could tell from the way she was acting that this would not be enough for her. My girl needed to cum, she'd worried about me before but now she knew I was fine, she wanted some pussy!
"Mmm baby," I whispered as she moved her mouth off mine and I caressed her
face with my trembling hands. "Why don't you close the curtain?" She raised her head and looked around at our surroundings and back to me. She opened her mouth to speak but something caught her eye and she quickly sat back on her stool and crossed her legs.
"What is it?" I asked. She nodded towards the nurse's station. "Oh fuck it," I said.
It seemed that a family had arrived and they were making their way toward Jessie, the woman with her leg in a cast. It consisted of two kids and an elderly woman, I was so turned on my pussy was literally aching and a look in my wife's direction told me she felt the same way. The family made their way past us and we both smiled, somewhat awkwardly, after seeing Sophie's skirt the elderly woman grimly shook her head and put her nose in the air until they got to Jessie's bed. Shortly after that, we heard a loud conversation start-up further along as a couple of people got comfy beside Stacy's bed.
"Bollocks," Sophie whispered to me.
"Don't these people have any courtesy?" I said to her.
"I know, but," said Sophie with a wink. "It's not all bad." She stroked my arm and looked around again, everyone seemed occupied with their visit.
"What do you..." I stopped mid-sentence because I saw what Sophie was doing, she'd lifted her bum off the stool and lifted her skirt enough to take hold of the waistband on her panties and smoothly yank them down over her bum. She sat back down with her panties around her knees, I looked up and she was grinning like a pervert in a sex dungeon!
"Sophie," I whispered as loudly as I could. "What if...oh god..." I stopped again because she had opened another button on her blouse and pulled it open as far as she could!
Sophie sat there, with her panties around her knees and her boobs just barely covered by her little bra and a small part of her blouse, and looked at me in a way only she can.
"Tell me," she whispered as she lowered her face to mine, her lips only an inch from mine.
"How badly do you want to fuck me right now?" It was all too much for me, I reached up and ran my fingers through her hair until I had a handful of her gorgeous red hair in each hand, then I pulled it down bringing her lips crashing onto mine and drove my tongue deep into her mouth. I kept hold of her hair as I mashed my lips against hers; it was so intense I could feel a thin trail of her saliva running over my cheek. For what seemed like forever I held her there, then suddenly remembered where I am and the people around us I released her. As she moved away with a huge smile on her lips (she loved it when I got a little rough) we both quickly looked around to see if we'd been spotted. Fortunately, it seemed like we'd gotten away with it!
As Sophie stood back up her panties fell to her ankles, which for some reason, seemed like the funniest thing we had seen in a long time, maybe because it broke the tension. We laughed loudly and Sophie stepped out of them and placed them in my hand before taking a seat on her stool again. She reached into her back and produced a bottle of water and took a sip, I know it sounds stupid but even that looked sexy! I hadn't even noticed the bag she had come with but then I'd been asleep when she arrived. She offered me some water but I refused, so she opened her bag up again and returned the bottle, but she did not immediately put it down. She seemed to be looking for something else in there.
"Lost something important?" I asked as I wiped my face with a napkin.
"Oh, not really," she replied before quickly looking around again. "But I sure did find something!"
"What did you find?" I asked with a smile, but she just smiled back at me.
"Close your eyes and open your mouth," Sophie whispered. She was in a seriously wild mood now and I loved every second of it. I did as she asked and waited, holding my breath. I felt something touch my top lip, my bottom lip, and then it moved over both of them it felt a little strange, like the tip of a banana or...no, no it can't be what I think it is! It was made crystal clear to me when it entered my mouth and I felt the wide shaft filling my mouth and the fake veins on the sides. My eyes sprung open and she pulled it out of my mouth so I could see it in all its glory.
"Sophie," I whispered. "You brought a dildo to a hospital!" I said in disbelief, fingering and kissing were one thing but a fake cock was more than even I expected!
"Correction," Sophie giggled. "I brought a new dildo to the hospital, isn't it great? Look at the veins on the side and..."
"Quick, hide it," I told her.
"Why?" she asked smiling.
"Because there's a 7 year old looking at you!" I whispered.
"Oh, fuck it!" She stuffed it under the bed covers in a panic. "Where?"
"Nowhere," I smiled. "I was just kidding, your face was priceless though." She looked at me in pretend anger then we both smiled then laughed about it.
"Come on, where's your sense of adventure," she teased.
"Okay, maybe we can play. But not here," I looked around and handed the faux-cock back to her. "Stuff it in your bag and we'll find a bathroom."
"Okay, what about your IV," Sophie asked.
"It's fine, Louise will disconnect it, it's just a little tap thing," I told her while pointing out the connection on the back of my hand.
"Is that the medical name for it," Sophie giggled again.
"Maybe it is," I sat up and pulled the gown tightly around so to cover my arse properly and tightened it up. "Okay, let's go." I pressed the call button and waited. After a few seconds, the gorgeous Louise arrived and I asked her to disconnect the line, which she did.
"Thank you," I said to her and smiled as sexily as I could manage as I stood up and put my little hospital booties on.
"It's okay, be careful." She said with a smile.
"Oh, don't worry cutie, I'll take very good care of her," said Sophie. I smiled and looked over at her and suddenly gasped inwardly. Sophie was staring straight at Louise with her blouse hanging completely open and her skirt almost around her waist. Poor Louise did not know where to look, she glanced at me to see my reaction but I just smiled at her.
"Like she said," I chimed in. "She'll take care of me." I moved past Louise and dragged my hand over the back of her dress, giving her bum a little squeeze. I held my hand out to my wife and helped her up. We looked back at Louise but she quickly moved away.
"Bless her," Sophie said with a grin. "I have a feeling she will be lots of fun when you get her on your bed, and I'll want to know all the dirty details." Sophie quickly buttoned up her blouse and pulled her skirt back over her bum. "Where did you put my underwear?" She asked.
"Oh don't worry; you won't need them," I said as I grabbed her hand and we walked towards the nurse's station and away from the beds to the nearby bathrooms. My heart was thumping and every step we took made me so hot I could have burst into flames!
***************************************************************************
The second the bathroom door closed behind us, Sophie was on me. She backed me up to the wall and planted her lips on mine; kissing me with such passion and hunger that it made my knees weak and I trembled as she took control. She got a hold of my hands and raised them over my head and held them there while she kissed from my mouth down to my neck, she knew exactly how to drive me wild! She kissed and licked from my neck to my throat and then to my lips again, she released my hands and spun me around so I was facing the wall and ground her hips into my ass.
I felt her lips on my neck again and her hands were on my back, her fingers found the lace holding the top part of my gown closed and started to untie it. I felt the lace go slack and the cool air on my back told me she had my gown open, there was another lace further down at my waist that held the bottom part closed but Sophie was content with the top part for now. She opened the gown up and exposed me from my neck to my waist, then crouched down and licked and kissed from the top of my bum to the back of my neck then turned me around to face her again, I reached up and ran my fingers through her hair and she smiled.
"I want you so bad," said Sophie as I felt the coldness of the wall on my bare back. I let go of her hair and started unbuttoning her blouse until it hung open, wasting no time I pulled it off her shoulders and let it drop on the floor. I unhooked her bra pulled it away to expose her breasts and promptly held one in each hand, flicking my thumbs over her hardening nipples while I kissed her.
I let go of her breasts long enough to free myself from the top of my gown, we pushed our naked chests together and kissed again. I threw my arms around her waist and reached down towards the hem of her short skirt, I was so busy licking and kissing that I hadn't realized Sophie and deftly undone the remaining lace around my waist and my gown fell to the floor leaving me totally naked.
"That was sneaky!" I laughed as I felt the air around my exposed bottom half.
"I know, I'm a professional!" she laughed and held me back against the wall again, the cold tiles against my naked skin sent a shiver through me. Sophie lowered her head to my breasts and licked and sucked them to a stiff peak one at a time, they stood out so much it made them ache. When she grazed her teeth over then it sent what felt like an electric shock through me, I was so turned on it was driving me crazy! She kept moving and kissed me from between my breasts to my navel, the feeling of her soft lips on my skin was glorious and she kept going until she was on her knees in front of me.
"Mmm this looks so tasty," said Sophie as she stroked my thighs and looked directly at my sopping wet pussy. She brought her mouth so close I could feel her hot breath on my lower lips; I ached to be touched there. Sophie ran her hand over the smooth skin of my pussy and I lifted my leg and put my foot on her shoulder to give her full access to me, resisting the urge to grind myself against her. Slowly, so slowly, she dragged the tip of her tongue around my intimate centre, teasing me so sweetly I almost cried out.
"Oh god," I whispered as I watched, and felt, her tongue penetrate my dripping fuck hole. She slid it inside me until her mouth pressed right against my pussy, she pulled her face back and her fingernails dug into the back of my thigh causing a shot of pain up my leg. She pushed her tongue up inside me again reaching as far back as she could and flicked it around inside me, I felt her rub against my inner walls so delicately I couldn't help moaning aloud!
She looked up at me with her lips glistening and smiled so sexily it nearly made me cum on her pretty face! With her eyes on me, she stuck out her tongue again and circled it around my now very engorged clitoris. Her lips moved forward and closed over it, suckling it like a little nipple. It was so blissful I barely knew what to do with myself, I stroked her hair back and watched her work on me, seeing it was almost as erotic as feeling it. I glanced up at the door and willed it to stay closed; I heard voices going past it and footsteps along the corridor, which excited me as much as it scared me!
Sophie's treatment was relentless and I was delirious, but I wanted to taste her too. I was close to cumming but I held it back, for now, I wanted to stay at the edge for longer and enjoy the erotic thrill for as much time as I could. I reached down, pulled her away from my weeping pussy, and took my foot off her shoulder. She looked up at me a little unsure but she soon understood what I wanted. I pulled her up and held her face in my hands; her lips were shiny and wet with my juice which I gleefully licked off with one stroke of my tongue across her face.
"Do you taste good on my lips?" Sophie giggled. I smiled and kissed her deeply, I ran my hands over her naked back until I felt the waistband of her little skirt. With a little fancy footwork, I spun her around and held her against the wall, then kissed my way down her body until I was on my knees. I hooked my fingers into the waistband again and pulled it down to her ankles, the second I saw her hairless pussy in front of me I planted my mouth flat against it. I kissed it softly at first, enjoying the softness of her moist skin under my lips but I didn't linger for long.
I was only just containing myself and I knew that if I came too soon it would tire me out and I wouldn't be able to carry on for long, so I used my fingers to open up her lips and licked her from the bottom to the top. Sophie lifted her leg up onto the nearby sink giving me an incredible view of her, it also allowed me to open her up further and my tongue quickly found her hot little pink hole. I pushed it deep inside and tasted her with relish, her juice was in my mouth and running down my throat as I tongue fucked her with all the strength I had. I felt her hands on the back of my head and she pushed her pussy against my face, grinding on me like a fuck toy! I greedily licked at her pussy, slurping over it like a lollypop. I found her clitoris and sucked it hard, replacing my tongue with my middle and ring fingers in her fuck hole and pushed them up inside her.
That did it for her; her pussy grabbed my fingers and her fluid washed over them as she screeched and shivered. I meant to use my other hand to finish myself off but I had to hold her up while she climaxed around my hand. She lowered her foot from the sink and sank down to her haunches and pulled me into a hard kiss, we tasted each other while her quivering subsided and I moved my hand from her pussy and rubbed mine.
"Did you cum, baby?" She asked me.
"I'm close," I said. Sophie quickly gathered herself and crawled over the floor to her bag while I sat with my back to the wall and my knees bent and far apart and rubbed myself. She turned back to me holding the new dildo in her hand and winked, then quick as a flash she was between my knees pushing the tip against my hole.
"It's so big," I said dreamily. Sophie opened up my lips and pushed the tip into me, the feeling was amazing as my hole widened around it. "Oh god!" Sophie quickly put her free hand over my mouth to stifle the squeal and pushed it further inside me. My eyes rolled into the back of my head, the friction down there was blowing my mind and when Sophie took her hand out of my mouth and used it to tease my clitoris, I knew I was finally going over the edge!
My mouth opened in a silent scream and my hips pushed against the cock, making even more of it disappear inside me. Sophie fucked me with it while my pussy squirted a stream of juice over it and her hand!
"Mmmm baby, it's so good I'm...oh god," my mumbling was halted when Sophie pushed her mouth onto mine and I rode out my orgasm while kissing her. It was incredible, even though we were on the floor of a hospital bathroom; it was still as intense as any orgasm I'd ever had before.
We held each other while our breathing slowly returned to normal, still naked with our legs and arms entwined.
"That was pretty special," I told her while stroking her knee and thigh.
"Yeah, it was. Seeing you lose control with that thing inside you was so hot,"
"I guess we'd better get out," I said slowly picking myself up. "Thank god no one came in!"
"God had nothing to do with it," said Sophie with a smile. "I locked it first."
"Really?" I laughed while tying a firm knot in each of the gown laces and shaking my head. Sophie looked up at me and nodded smiling. She got her clothes back on and we smoothed ourselves down and made ourselves look presentable, or as best we could manage. As we stepped towards the door I reached out for the handle and just as my fingers touched it, it swung open!
"Sorry ladies, emergency evacuation!" Brenda came rushing past us and dived into one of the cubicles! "If I were you I'd go now before I turn this room into a crime scene!" We both burst out laughing and rushed into the corridor.
"So, you locked it?" I asked, shaking my head at smiling at Sophie.
"Oops," she said shrugging her shoulders, "I guess not!" We hugged each other and I gave her another quick kiss.
"I love you, Sophie," I told her.
"I love you too," she replied.
We walked hand in hand back to the ward, smiling sweetly and I climbed back onto my bed, tired out. My head rested back on the pillow and Sophie stroked my hair as the world got blurry. "It's okay baby, sleep and get your strength back." I was dimly aware of Louise plugging the line back in, and then everything faded to black.
************************************************************************
I slept for about an hour and when I woke up Sophie had gone, I had a visit from the doctor and I was told I'd be allowed to go home tomorrow. I was feeling good because I would be able to go to an event Sophie had been looking forward to, her firm had bought an art gallery, which was opening up with an upper-class party thing. Sophie had told me there would be free wine, which had won me over, any excuse for a little black dress! When Sophie and I were in public together, especially at a club or party, we got a lot of attention. I don't mean that to sound arrogant, it's just that seeing two attractive women dancing with each other and being close usually made people look up.
I was looking forward to it, and I let my mind run free with what might happen there, sometimes we would hook up with a man, or woman, and tempt them to a nearby hotel room. It was always fun when we explored a new person, making them our plaything. I was starting to feel a little tingle between my legs as I thought about what we had done earlier today and I wished we had had more time together. Our lovemaking was not usually so rampant; we normally like to take our time until we're both utterly spent and naked in each other's arms until the next day.
It was around 11pm and apart from the dim light coming from the nurses' station and the soft glow from the monitors beside the beds, the ward was bathed in darkness. I tried sleeping but I could not turn my mind off, instead, I kept replaying the events of the day and how turned on I had been in the bathroom with Sophie. I started running my hand over my stomach and weighed up whether or not I could have a little play before bedtime, but I was distracted by the sound of footsteps approaching my bed.
I quickly stopped stroking and put my hands on top of the bedsheet, trying to figure out a position to lay in which looked like I definitely wasn't about to touch my naughty bits...again. I looked into the darkness and saw the person approaching me was Louise, the nurse who I'd flashed on my first day here and had been here earlier when Sophie and I had...been close. At only 5 feet tall with her blonde hair back in a ponytail and petite frame, she was unmistakable. I tried to look like I was thoughtfully contemplating...anything, while also looking cute and frail.
"Hello, Mrs Cotter," she said. Her voice was very low so as not to awaken the other women on the ward. "How are you feeling?" Louise didn't look at the monitors or my chart, she seemed uncomfortable as if she wasn't sure of herself.
"Hi," I said trying to match her volume. "I feel good thanks, just struggling to sleep. I don't normally go to bed this early and I can't seem to make my mind go blank." Louise smiled and looked down at her feet.
"Good, that's good," she said.
"Is everything okay?" I asked. "It's a little late for a check-up, isn't it? And please, call me Alice."
"Okay, Alice, yeah I know it is," she looked down again. "It's just uh, there's a few of us on tonight and there's not much for us to do. I saw you moving around and thought I'd check on you."
"Oh okay," I was sure I had not been moving around that much and it was very dark but I took her at her word.
"There was something though," she said awkwardly. "Something I wanted to ask you."
"Oh," I said suddenly intrigued. "What did you want to ask?"
"Earlier on, when your wife was here," Louise spoke very deliberately and carefully. "Were you... making fun of me?" She did not seem upset or angry, if anything she sounded concerned as if she had somehow failed.
"No, of course not," I told her.
"It's just that, you seemed to tease me and laugh at me..." she trailed off.
"No Louise, we weren't making fun of you it's just, we were playing around and," I tried to think of a good way to word it that did not make my wife and I look like attention-seeking slags. "Basically, we are attention-seeking slags!" (Shit!)
"Oh, so you uh..." Louise's brow furrowed as she tried to understand.
"Look," I stopped her. "We enjoy showing off together and having fun, it's a turn on when we know we're being watched. Thinking about another person's eyes on our bodies is a thrill that we share."
"It turned you on knowing I was watching you?" Louise asked. Eager to understand what I meant.
"So youwerewatching," I teased. "Did you like what you saw?" Louise shifted uncomfortably and stepped closer to my bed.
"I uh..." she stammered. "I saw you when you first came in and, I don't know if you knew it but your hospital gown was around your waist and I could see your umm... and today you were kissing today it was...I've never seen two women kiss each other like that before." She took a breath and looked down at the floor again.
"Ah right, I see," I said softly.
"Did you know I could see you yesterday?" Louise asked.
"Maybe," I teased.
"And today," she pressed.
"Definitely maybe," I smiled. "So you've never seen two women kiss like we did?"
"No, never," said Louise.
"Not even in a movie?" I asked.
"No, never," she shook her head to emphasise it.
"So, what did you think of it?" I pressed on. "Did you like watching us?"
"It was...beautiful," she said in a voice just barely above a whisper. I swear my heart melted when I heard that, it sounded so genuine and innocent. She was right next to my bed now; I sat up, reached out, and took her hand in mine.
"That's so sweet honey," I told her. "Did a part of you wish it wasyoukissing me rather than my wife?" I felt her hand tighten around mine a little. I gently stroked my thumb over her knuckles and kept the touch soft.
"Yes, but I know that's wrong of me, you're married and I'm..." Louise stopped talking because I had brought her hand to my lips and softly kissed it. She watched with a look of disbelief that I was encouraging her further.
"Listen, Sophie and I have been married a long time and we have rules," I told her calmly in-between kisses on her hand and wrist. "We can have fun with anyone we want so long as we tell each other all about it afterwards, no secrets, and no lies."
"So, she wouldn't mind that you're kissing my hand like that?" Louise asked. From the sound of her voice, I think she still wasn't believing what was happening here.
"No, and she wouldn't mind this either..." I said calmly. I let go of her hand and stroked her cheek with the palm of my hand, then reached up and tucked a strand of hair behind her ear. I held her there and sat up until my face was right up to hers, with our noses touching. I could feel her slightly trembling, so I did not want to go hard and fast in case it scared her away. I moved slowly instead, giving her time to process what was happening and looked into her eyes.
"I uh, I've never," Louise whispered. "I mean, I don't know how to..."
"Shhh, it's okay. Have you kissed before?" I asked with no judgement in my voice, I did not want to make her feel embarrassed. She gently shook her head and I felt her hold her breath as if she was bracing herself for what I might say or do. I moved back and looked right at her, I had one hand on each cheek but her eyes wouldn't meet mine.
"Nobody has ever wanted me like that," said Louise.
"I want you," I told her. She slowly lifted her gaze and finally looked me in the eyes; I closed the remaining gap between us and softly kissed her lips. I lingered there for a moment with my lips touching hers then pulled away. "Did it feel okay?"
"Mmm," she nodded slightly.
"Do you want more?" I said quietly.
"Yes please," she sounded so damn cute. I moved back in and kissed her again, I put a little more pressure on this time and I felt her pout and kiss me back. It took a moment but after she got used to it, I let my tongue gently trace over her lips in the hope of encouraging her to let me in; and when she did, I accepted the invitation. There's something very special about being someone's first kiss or first sexual experience, knowing that you're going somewhere no one else has been felt so pure. She was tentative at first but she got more confident, and her tongue moved around mine and we smooched together.
I moved my hands around her neck and pulled her closer; I playfully pulled her bottom lip with my teeth and sucked it between my lips. Then, I felt her tongue push into my mouth, so I closed my lips around it, sucked, and licked it like a lollipop before releasing it. Our mouths pressed together and we explored like that for what seemed like hours, but eventually, I pulled back.
"You're a good kisser," I told her with a smile. "Will you get in trouble for doing this if we get caught?"
"Tonight was my last shift here, and technically I finished work a few minutes ago," said Louise. "I can slip out the side door without being seen."
"Oh, that's good," I giggled. I let go of her and got back in bed, then moved away. "Get in."
"What, no, I can't do that," Louise said suddenly worried. The reality of what I wanted to do with her must have just hit her.
"Of course you can," I told her with a cheeky smile. I got hold of the sheets and pulled them right back over me, Louise's eyes bulged when she saw my naked body suddenly revealed to her!
"Oh, wow you're naked," she said astonished. I couldn't help giggling at her as her eyes travelled all over my body, I loved it and judging by the look on her face she loved it too! She slowly moved towards me and started to step up.
"Wait," I stopped her.
"What?" she looked up startled, maybe afraid I'd changed my mind or something.
"Your dress," I said smiling and shaking my head. She looked down and then back at me, she looked so scared and worried.
"Seriously? You want me to get undressed here?" She sounded worried but I knew what I wanted! To let her know I meant it I leaned forward and pulled at her dress from the bottom, bringing it up over her knees and thighs, I was desperate to see what she had under there! It was like unwrapping a new present.
"Come on," I urged her.
"Okay but, what if someone sees us?" She asked as she reached around to unzip her dress.
"Then they'll get a hell of a show," I winked and she smiled uneasily at me. "Stop worrying about what might happen and focus on what youwantto happen!"
That seemed to do the trick; she quickly lifted her dress over her head and let it fall on the floor, then quickly climbed into my bed. She still had her underwear on but I threw the covers over us anyway, I could deal with that in a moment. We were giggling like mad; I pulled her close and felt her hot body against mine. We kissed again and our hands were all over each other, she was still being cautious; she did not touch my breasts or pussy yet. Instead, I felt her hands on my bare back and bum.
With our lips pressed together, I let my fingers run up and down her spine, I could feel her heart pounding so much it was making her body shake. I unhooked her bra and pulled the straps down her shoulders and she lifted her arms out of it, I felt her hold her breath as I removed it and tossed it out of the bed. I pulled out of our kiss and glanced down at her chest, she didn't have much there but they were pert and proud. I took hold of her right breast and softly squeezed it, drawing a sweet sigh from Louise; I felt her nipple start to harden in my palm as I returned my lips to hers.
I did not want to rush this, if this was her first time I wanted to make it more than a five-second fondle and finger blast! I moved my lips to her neck and softly kissed her there. Every new part of her I touched or kissed made her writhe as if her senses were on overload. It was all new and exciting for her and I was revelling in making her feel this way, my hands wandered down to the small of her back until I found the waistband of her panties. As soon as I touched them, I felt her body stiffen; she was about to be completely naked with a woman in a hospital bed and when that realisation dawned on her she had to stop and catch her breath.
"It's okay Louise, it will all be okay," I stroked her cheek and kissed her again. She loosened up a little and I started to work them down over her bum and down her thighs. When I reached to pull them off, I peeled her socks off too and dropped everything on the floor. When I was back beside her, she had stopped smiling but the arousal in her was unmistakable.
"I can't believe this is happening," Louise whispered, more to herself than to me. I ran my hand back up over her bum, and back, and rested it on her breast again.
"Believe it," I said lowering my lips to her ear. "You are naked and in bed with a married woman!" I giggled again and kissed her lips. She rolled onto her back, I was propped up on my left elbow beside her with my hand roaming over her belly, I waited for her breathing to slow down and relax. She was getting used to being touched and starting to enjoy herself, I could tell because the nervousness in her smile had been replaced with a more joyful expression her hands had begun to do a little exploring of their own. I overdid a couple of gasps when she brushed against my nipples to encourage her further, and when I was sure that she was ready; I moved on.
I swung my right leg over her hips and straddled her, letting the cover fall off me, which gave her a clear view of my naked body on top of her. I drank in the view from my position as well; she looked tiny underneath me from her narrow shoulders and small breasts down to her slim waist. If I had not known she was over school leaving age I probably would have stayed away from her in case I got a visit from the police the next day! I looked down at her face and I was pleased to she was looking at my body with a mixture of desire and surprise. I put my hands on her shoulders and ran them down over her body; her skin was so soft I just wanted to rub myself all over it.
I shifted my hips down a little so I was over her thighs, giving me a proper view of what she had down there. Her pubic area was bare just like mine, Sophie and I had hair removing laser treatment as a Christmas present one year.
"Mmm you're so pretty down here," I said while gently stroking over her mound. "I love a nice smooth pussy to play with." I couldn't tell if she was blushing or not because of the darkness but the slightly nervous laugh told me she probably was.
"Uh thanks," she whispered. Probably unsure of how to respond to my dirty talk, I think her focus was on the feeling of my hands running over her body so close to her most intimate part. I leant down and kissed her just below her navel, if I was with Sophie now I'd go straight down to the 'main event' between her legs, but as Louise was new to me I wanted to explore some more. I kissed upwards from her navel to where her ribs pushed out against her skin, licking and kissing all along the ridge until my head was between her breasts. A few times she squirmed beneath me, I think my hair was tickling her skin as well as the effect my lips and tongue were having on her.
"God that feels so nice," she said breathlessly.
"God's got nothing to do with it," I said between kisses. "This is all me, honey!"
I heard her giggle and I moved my lips to her left breast and kissed her nipple. The girlish giggle turned into a very womanly gasp, I circled my tongue around it slowly and closed my lips over it. I sucked it lightly between my lips before releasing it and using my tongue again, then replaced it with my fingers so I could use my mouth on the other side. The squirms I felt beneath me now had nothing to do with my hair! After just a few seconds of the gentle licking, sucking and light pinching her nipples felt like bullets.
"Oh wow," Louise arched her neck back and pushed her chest out to me. Her nipples must have felt incredibly sensitive because every light touch was making her gasp and causing her to wriggle against me. I took each one between my finger and thumb and mercilessly rolled and pinched them, her mouth hung open in a silent scream and again arched her neck. This time I moved up and licked her from between her breasts to her chin, gliding over her throat on my way there. She lowered her face and threw her arms around my neck, pulling me in for a passionate kiss. Her tongue greedily invaded my mouth, her hunger was unleashed and she wanted to be satisfied for the first time in her life!
I finally released her nipples to give Louise a chance to catch her breath; I raised my lips away from hers and looked into her gorgeous eyes. Neither of us spoke, we were beyond words now, we communicated by looking and feeling. The next thing Louise would feel was my hand travelling downwards and this time it wouldn't be stopping, her eyes narrowed and her mouth opened as my fingers reached the wetness between her legs. Her silky lips were damp and inviting; I pushed one finger into her crease and slid it up and down making her quiver with each pass. When I found her clitoris, I dragged my fingertip around it and Louise's eyes widened again. She was breathing heavily and her head lolled to the side offering me a chance to put my lips on her exposed neck. Her skin was hot and judging by the way she reacted to a simple kiss on her neck, incredibly sensitive.
"Your lips are so soft," said Louise between heavy breaths. "It's like a... mmmmm!" I stopped her in her tracks by pinching her skin between my teeth and then licking her from her neck to her cheek. Stopping only to gently bite her earlobe, she let out a sound similar to a cat's purr and I had to stop myself from making a pussy joke and spoiling the moment!
When I rubbed my wet fingertip over her hot little button again, I could feel her legs instinctively trying to open but, because I was sitting on her thighs, she couldn't move them so I began to reposition myself. I lifted my hips off her and gently moved her thighs apart and knelt between them, then guided her legs so her feet were flat on the bed with her knees pointing to the ceiling. She was up on her elbows and watching me intently as I slid my palm over her wet pussy lips, before I could start doing more I needed to ask something.
"Louise, uh you said you're a virgin right?" I didn't want to make her feel awkward here.
"Yeah," she nodded slowly. She looked down at my hand as my fingers circled her opening and then looked back up at me, evidently she'd realized what I was asking. "Don't worry about it, I broke it myself, by accident."
"An accident?" I was partly relieved I wouldn't have to pop her cherry, and weirdly disappointed at the same time.
"Yeah," said Louise. "Do you like bananas?"
"Sure," I replied. I teased her open slightly which made her ability to speak falter.
"Me too, and one day I...uh," she trailed off.
"Oh," I tried so hard not to laugh. The idea of her riding a fruit was so priceless though! "Was it one of your 'five a day'" I teased. We both giggled for a moment but the constant touch of my fingers around her pussy and her clitoris turned the giggles back to lustful moans.
"Louise," I whispered again. "Have you ever tasted yourself?" She shook her head but didn't recoil at the suggestion. I gave her a naughty smile and teased the tip of my finger into her body, as I pushed it inside of her and felt her tight walls surround it I flicked my thumb over her clitoris again. Soon, my finger was in her nectar; I pulled it out and showed her the wetness on it.
"My, my," I teased with a smile. "I guess you're pretty turned on aren't you." With that, I opened my mouth and, showing off a little, licked her wetness off my finger then sucked it into my mouth.
"Mmm, you are delicious," I said as sexily as I could. I reached back down and buried my hand between her legs again, I rubbed my palm over her clitoris first; then pushed my finger between her gushing pussy lips. This time I offered my wet fingers to her and she closed her lips over them, I could feel her tongue working around them in her mouth. When I withdrew them, she had a little twinkle in her eye, as if she was proud of the dirty little thing she had done. I stroked her cheek again and pushed her hair back behind her ear, her ponytail had come loose and she looked rather unkempt which somehow made her look even cuter.
"Lay back baby," I told her and lightly pushed on her shoulders until her back was flat on the mattress. I straightened her right leg and straddled it then lowered myself onto it; my pussy rested on her soft thigh and I rubbed myself against her in the same rhythm I was using on her with my hand. With each movement of my hips against her leg, I moved my hand across her pussy.
Louise was having an out of body experience now, her eyes were fixed on the ceiling and even when she turned to look at me I felt like she was looking straight through me. I ground my palm against her plump lips and dipped one, then two, fingers inside her. Every movement I made on her caused her to push her hips up and her leg pushed between mine. That encouraged me to go faster and harder, I pushed further inside her feeling her velvety softness closing around my fingers. I moved them around inside her opening; feeling for that special patch of skin. When I felt Louise suddenly jolt against me I knew I'd found the special spot I was looking for, I pushed against her G-spot and rubbed my fingers over it.
"Oh, fu...!" I quickly covered Louise's mouth before she gave us away. I held her head back on the pillow with my hand covering her mouth and rubbed away inside like a woman possessed. She bucked and squirmed against me while I quickly rubbed at her; she was getting close to orgasming in my hand! I was getting close too; the sight of the young woman losing control coupled with the relentless pressure on my pussy from her leg was blowing my mind, I dearly wanted to let go of her mouth so I could finger myself but I didn't dare!
However, just as Louise was about to crash over the edge I felt her hands roughly grab my breasts then her left leg pushed up so I lurched forward and suddenly our pussies were touching each other, that one rough contact was enough to make us both cum.
Her hips pushed up and made our lips crush and grind into each other, I felt her hot juice bubble up and soak mine just as my pussy did the same to hers. We were both panting, and I could hear a faint screeching underneath my hand that still covered Louise's mouth, I released her and she sucked air into her lungs as if she'd been submerged for 3 minutes!
It took a few moments before Louise relaxed and her bum fell back onto the bed, I lifted myself off her leg so she could straighten herself out beside me. Our heads rested on the pillow and we looked at each other for what seemed like hours, I moved in closer and our legs entwined. I stroked her cheek and we shared some delicate kisses.
"That was amazing," she whispered.
"It was, you are a natural-born lesbian," I told her with a smile. She laughed a little but seemed slightly downcast. "What's wrong?"
"Nothing," she said unconvincingly.
"Tell me," I pushed. I was still stroking her cheek and hair.
"You'll be gone tomorrow and then," she paused. "Then I go back to being on my own. I wish I could be like you and marry someone so I never had to be alone again."
"I'm sure you'll find someone," I told her trying to sound convincing.
"I wish it could be you," Louise touched my cheek and stroked my hair the way I was doing with her. I smiled at her.
"I have one wife, I don't think I could manage another," I said trying to lighten the mood. "I'll tell you what, give me your number and next time Sophie and I go to a gay party I'll call you, I'm sure we'll find someone that'll tickle your fancy."
"You think Sophie would be okay with that?" Louise suddenly brightened up.
"Of course," I told her. "Anyway, you better get your titties out of here before someone see's us and we get tossed out, and not in a sexy way!" We both laughed and after another quick kiss and cuddle, she slipped out of my bed and quickly got dressed.
"Don't forget to write your number down and shove it in my bag," I told her.
When she was composed and able to relax she took a pen out of her dress pocket and wrote a number on her pad, then tore off the page and stuffed it in my top drawer beside my bed. We had a final embrace before she disappeared into the darkness beyond the nurse's station. It would be a great story to tell Sophie about tomorrow. I cleaned myself up and arranged my bedding so a sheet was over the mattress, no wet patch for me!
I lay on my back with my head on the pillow smiling to myself.
"Just so you know," a voice from the darkness suddenly made me sit up. "If it wasn't for this cast on my leg, I totally would've joined in! I hope you managed to cum as much as I did!" I don't know if it was the post-orgasmic rush, or the tiredness settling in, but right then I laughed like it was the funniest thing I'd ever heard!
**********************************************************************************
Two days after coming home from the hospital
I stood in my bathroom at home, naked as the day I was born, and looked at myself in the full-length mirror while I brushed my hair. I was still damp from my shower and my hair hung around my face and tickled my bare shoulders, tonight would be a good night. I would be meeting Sophie at the gallery later, she was there setting things up as it was her firm that brokered the sale. So the party was for the new owners to show off their new toy, the only problem would be the creative people that would be attending as well as the usual people you'd expect at what is essentially a trumped-up office party. Although I wouldn't say that to Sophie!
So these creative types would be milling around making a case for why their paintings or projects ought to be showcased in the gallery, I suspect you know the kind of people I mean. They call everyone 'darling' and have an opinion on every inanimate object, they just love the curve of a table leg and the angle of a lamp is a nod to virtually anythingism (my own word.) So, avoiding these people would be the only bump in the road, I'm uncultured and proud. Just one final word on it, if a person did describe themselves as 'cultured' or comment on something as an 'artist' it would make me want to stab them 'as a psychopath.' Twats, sorry, I had a bad experience with an artist called Claude once (I shit you, not) he painted me in the nude and made me look like a character in a cartoon and he called it creative licence. Therefore, I told him to creatively go and fuck himself and, knowing what he's like, he probably tried.
Anyway, since coming home from the hospital, I made a full recovery thanks for asking, I had been home alone. Sophie had to go to a final meeting yesterday and stopped over in a hotel, last night while on the phone I had told her in minute detail what had happened with Louise in my hospital bed. She listened to every word with one hand holding the phone and the other hand stroking like crazy, she told me that when we meet up tonight it will take all her effort to stop herself from unscrewing her vagina and throwing it at me!
Sophie and I had been dress shopping about a week ago for this event and picked out some very nice outfits; Sophie's was a beautiful backless satin dress that was a sparkly gold colour that fastened around the back of her neck and a hemline that came to about four inches below her arse cheeks! Two thin laces wrapped around the back, which stopped the front from falling away. From behind; everything from her shoulders to the small of her back was exposed. It came with a lovely long-sleeved sheer jacket that covered her up, it was a little longer than her dress but almost totally see-through. When she had tried it on in the dress shop and let her hair loose over her back... let's just say everyone that saw her approved.
My dress was not as glamourous as Sophie's was, and nor should it have been as she was one of the hostesses, but it was very flirty. I decided to go for a little black dress, simple thin shoulder straps and a neckline that came to a point in-between my breasts. The hem hung around my thighs and swayed when I walked; if I needed to pick something up I'd have to remember to bend my knees because if I bent over properly everyone would get a very nice view!
I walked into the bedroom which was a symphony of pink cushions and love hearts, about as girly as you can get. My dress was laid out on the bed and it would soon be time to set off, so I sat down at my dressing table and got to work with make-up. A wet-look pink gloss for my lips and gentle blusher, light mascara and I was ready to get dressed. I slid my dress down over my body, loving that 'new dress' feel, and instantly felt sexier. I found my heels and suddenly felt 3 feet taller, there are few things more empowering and ego-boosting than dressing up in a sexy outfit with heels!
I picked up my jacket, I probably wouldn't need it as it was a warm night and the gallery would probably be hot but I live in England, which means no matter how warm you think it is, at any moment you might be confronted with trademark drizzle. I went back into the bathroom and looked at myself again; I'm not going to lie to you, this girl looked hot!
I put my bag over my shoulder and started to move towards the door, I'd been having an internal conflict about something ever since I started getting ready; underwear, should I or shouldn't I? A bra was out of the question; it would stand out too much and make my dress look daft. The real question was about panties, without them I felt sexier, but with them, I felt safer. I decided to take a chance and go without but I did stuff some in my bag just in case. Just as I made my decision, my phone pinged to tell me my car had arrived. Sophie had sent a car so I could have a drink tonight; no doubt, she wanted me to get a little tipsy so she could have fun with me, not that I needed alcohol for that! I took a deep breath, opened the front door, and headed to the smart black car taking care not to show off too much to the driver when I lifted my leg to get in!
I rested my head against the headrest and crossed my legs, if the driver had turned around he would've got a decent view of my upper thigh, however, he was a professional and never took his eyes off the road. In silence we headed to the gallery, the air was cooler in the car and my nipples gently hardened as we travelled, it wasn't until we went over a couple of bumps that I noticed them because they grazed against my dress! By the time the journey was nearing its end, the constant friction from the bumps and the vibrations from the engine already had me on the edge! I was so caught up in it that I didn't take as much care getting out of the car as I should have and the man opening the door for me got a great view underneath my dress!
I stood up straight and took a few gulps of the night air and stretched my back, when I was feeling a little less orgasmic I started walking towards the open door of the gallery. It was bigger than I expected. I walked through the lobby and up a small set of stairs and found myself in a large room with a high ceiling, there were temporary walls up with paintings of... things, a few sculptures and a few sections of velvet ropes around other sculptures. I was handed a dainty glass of white wine, or 'girl petrol' as Sophie and I referred to it. There were maybe eighty people there altogether, lots of pressed suits, short dresses, ball gowns and high heels. It was an atmosphere of gentle chatter and the sound of heels on the wooden floor, there were some sections of carpet in various places but it was mainly wood. That meant I'd be limiting myself to two glasses of wine, any more than that would lead to a serious risk of me slipping on the floor with my legs going in different directions and sliding on my vagina through the door.
As galleries go I guess it was nice, but as I looked around and smiled at the people that smiled at me I saw the one true piece of art in that place. An amazing sight of gold mixed with red gliding through the room, effortlessly beautiful she moved around the guests smiling and laughing, stopping only to glance up and look around for someone. Everything about her screamed 'sex' her dress seemed even shorter than I remembered, she had her back to me as I moved towards her and her flawless pale skin. I toyed with the idea of slipping my hands straight around the inside of the dress but I didn't want to embarrass her, it was a big night after all.
She stepped away from the group she was talking with and again straightened up and looked around until she turned and saw me. Until the day I die, I'll remember the smile that lit up her face when she saw me, it was like every pore in her skin started glowing and she walked towards me with her arms opening. When the most beautiful woman in the room looks at you like that, whether you're a man or woman, you feel about ten feet tall (or eleven if you're wearing heels.) She reached out and put her hands on my shoulders, looked into my eyes and spoke.
"Hey there you sexy cunt, give me a hug!" I burst out laughing and walked into her arms and put my hands on her naked back, rubbing up and down...and down until I reached the part where skin met satin. "Hey, be patient, there will be time for that later." Despite her call for patience, I felt a little pinch on my bum!
"Are you wearing any underwear?" she asked. Her hands were on my hips and she couldn't feel a waistband.
"Uh, nope," I told her. "Are you?" she looked around for a moment and grabbed hold of my hand and, without warning, guided it under her dress! It was only there for a second but it was long enough to feel her naked lips under the hem!
"What happened to being patient?" I asked with a grin.
"It got boring! Come on, let's get another drink." She took me by the hand and led me around the gallery, it was full of those types of people I hate but there were some rather nice women here. Trophy wives in the arms of older gentlemen, always happy to show off the best bodies money can buy. It all smelled of money, fakery, and privilege.
One of the women stepped out from the crowd, she had a lovely red velvet gown on that hugged her figure perfectly. It had a low-neck line that gave a nice few of her cleavage and the hem of the gown almost touched the floor. She was a few inches taller than me but that might be due to her shoes, the heels looked like they should be difficult to walk in but, just like my Sophie, she glided like a swan on a lake. She had a pair of sparkling earrings and a necklace that looked like it was worth more than my house, and even her hair was immaculate, short brunette hair that could have been styled with a scalpel and magnifying glass. Basically, if you had to draw a picture of a rich, elegant woman in her mid-thirties, you would draw her.
"That's Kelly Chambers, the new owner," Sophie told me; she must have caught me looking. "She's the new owner, and that," she nodded to a man next to Kelly, "is her husband, Dominic."
Dominic was around six feet tall, well built, with facial features that could have been sculpted from marble. He had short black hair and a suit that screamed 'money,' he had the look of a man who had never been told 'no.' I looked up at Sophie and noticed her gaze was travelling over Mr Chambers, the gentle squeezing of my hand told me that Dominic might be having a very good night. I'll be honest, he did very little for me. Men are generally okay, but it seems the more handsome they are, the more deserving they believe themselves to be.
That's just my experience, no man has ever made me orgasm by himself, I've needed Sophie there to get me over the edge. Sophie likes having sex with men more than I do, she loves feeling a man orgasm inside her body and I enjoy watching it happen. Sometimes I get involved afterwards but, wait, where did Sophie go?
While I was talking to myself, Sophie had made her way over to the couple and the three of them were laughing, Dominic seemed to like the look of Sophie judging by where his eyes were! Kelly stepped to one side and I realized the gown she was wearing had a huge split on the side, right up to her waist! I needed to have a better look; I switched into 'pervert mode' and walked toward her trying not to make it too obvious.
I think Sophie must have mentioned me because, for a moment, both Dominic and Kelly looked up at me, smiled and looked away again. What was Sophie saying? As I got closer I could see Kelly better, the split in her dress actually went up the side of her leg and over her hip. There was a thin black lace that joined it together to stop her flashing too much but, I was still in 'pervert mode' and I looked very closely and just glimpsed some delicate red and black underwear as she moved her leg.
It was getting louder in the room, a lot of people were coming and going and the conversations seemed to get louder. I overheard two men standing in front of a painting debating what it 'really' meant, I had a quick look and decided that it really meant the artist was either blind or having a stroke, or having a pineapple inserted into his rectum while he tried to draw a picture.
"Twats," I said under my breath.
"I couldn't agree more," said Kelly. She must've floated towards me because I hadn't heard a thing!
"Oh, fuck me, sorry," I said. "Do you know them?" I gestured towards the men and hoped they weren't her friends or something.
"Yes, the one on the left is Bob, the one on the right is my brother, Carl," said Kelly. My heart sank and my stomach did a backflip.
"Shit, sorry, I didn't mean it," I said trying to sound genuine. "I just think artists take themselves too seriously and..."
"I'm an artist," Kelly smiled. Obviously loving my awkwardness"
"Of course you are, and I'm sure your pictures are better than that one..." Even as I said it, I sensed what she was going to say next!
"That is one of mine," said Kelly, confirming that my sudden gut feeling was correct!
"Oh fuck me with a brick! I'm leaving now," I started to walk away hoping a hole would open up and swallow me but she grabbed my hand and pulled me back...
"Don't be silly," she laughed. "I'm just teasing you!" She pulled me back to her side, hooked a glass of wine off a passing waiter's tray, and passed it to me.
"Thanks, sorry I didn't mean to offend you," I said sipping at my drink. There was barely enough wine in the glasses to drown a fly but right then it was just what I needed!
"My name is Kelly, I'm the new owner," she said with a smile. "And you must be Alice, Sophie's wife."
"Yes, I am, it's nice to meet you," I said in my special ultra-polite voice usually reserved for phone calls. "Congratulations, you look amazing." She nodded and smiled.
"Are you congratulating me for buying this place? Or congratulating me for looking amazing?" Kelly laughed; she emitted class like no one I've ever known, maybe I was imagining it, but it felt like she was flirting with me.
"Both," I told her. "That's a very daring split in your dress." She smiled and smoothed down her dress.
"Thank you," said Kelly. "I have to be careful when I sit down and cross my legs, or when I go up and stairs! I don't realise I'm showing something I shouldn't unless I feel the fresh air in here," she pointed downwards towards her underwear. We both laughed for a moment, I could sympathise with what she said. I was having my own problems in that department.
"I love your dress too," said Kelly stepping back and looking me up and down. "I do love a little black dress." I smiled at her loving the compliments she was giving me. I posed a little, bending my knees in a curtsey and slowly twirling; I was oblivious to everyone else.
"Mmm I love it," she looked me over again. Kelly looked up at the clock on the wall and back at me. "Hey, there's a special section around the back, it's a private display but I think you'll enjoy it, would you like to see it." My mouth was suddenly dry despite the wine so I just nodded, she took my hand again and we walked away towards the back of the room. I turned to tell Sophie what was happening but she was nowhere to be seen, so I just allowed myself to be led. The sight of Kelly's leg appearing and disappearing under her gown was weirdly hypnotic; when I snapped out of it and looked up again a realized we were no longer in the main room.
We were in a dark corridor; the sounds of the party faded away until it was quiet except for the sound of our heels on the floor as we walked. We went around a couple of corners and emerged into a room full of black carry-cases and empty picture frames; we stopped behind a large stack of cases. I wasn't really thinking at this point, the wine had made me feel pleasantly numb already and I was ready to accept whatever came next. Kelly let go of my hand and peered around the stack of cases, then turned back to me with a dreamy smile.
"Come and see," Kelly whispered. She had her back against the cases and peered around the corner, like a soldier in cover, covertly watching the enemy. I nodded and stepped forward, suddenly extremely nervous, and approached her. As I looked around the corner Kelly put her arm around my waist and stroked my arm, my eyes widened at what I saw in front of me. Sophie and Dominic had obviously had the same idea as Kelly and they were clearly enjoying their time together!
Sophie had her back against the brick wall, and I could hear a low murmuring coming from her throat. Dominic was kissing her neck and his hands were roaming all over the front of her dress. His cock had been freed from his zipper hole and Sophie held it in her hand, gently stroking it while he groped at her breasts. The whole scene was incredibly hot and I felt as if my pussy had suddenly caught fire.
"I guess your wife and my husband are getting on quite well together," Kelly whispered in my ear. Her right cheek pressed against my left cheek and we both watched our 'significant others' explore each other. I guessed that this was what the three of them had been chatting about in the gallery earlier on; I knew Sophie would want me to enjoy the show and I really was! Kelly moved behind me and rested her chin on my shoulder, she wrapped her arms around my waist and we watched Dominic and Sophie while they kissed and stroked each other.
Dominic released Sophie's breast and dropped his hand to the hem of her dress, he pulled it up and Sophie's pussy was on display for us all to see. Even from here I could see how wet she was, her bare lips glistened and his hand glided over them. When he touched her, I could almost feel it, my body ached and trembled but I didn't move a muscle; I just watched.
I felt Kelly shift behind me; she lifted her chin off my shoulder and delicately rested her lips against it. Her hands were on my hips and she moved them up towards my breasts, lifting my dress as she went. I felt cool air against my bum as the hem of my dress rose and Kelly kissed her way from my shoulder to my neck, she was toying with me and I loved every moment of it. I leaned back against her body and reached behind my back, I fumbled around until I felt the gap in her dress. Kelly must've realized what I was looking for because I felt her take hold of my wrist and guide my hand between her legs where I found the thin fabric of her underwear. Judging by the moisture seeping into the material, Kelly was just as turned on as I was. When I put a bit of pressure on her panties I felt her stiffen and push into my back, I'm sure I felt her teeth on my neck for a split second when I guided her underwear to the side and slid my middle finger along her pussy crack!
"Mmm that feels so good," Kelly whispered, nuzzling into my neck. Dominic was grinding his hand against Sophie's pussy and they kissed harder. Sophie lifted her knee right up to her chest to open herself up for him; he took the hint and drove his two middle fingers inside her! He didn't pull them out straight away, he pushed them deeper and deeper making her quiver and look up to the ceiling. His other hand was on her left breast, he was roughly groping and squeezing her with no mercy. He pulled his fingers out of her pussy and jammed them into her mouth, her lips closed around his fingers and he pushed them further into the back of her throat. She started to gag and cough until he eventually took them out, leaving her panting and coughing.
He quickly reached down to her pussy again and pushed three fingers inside, delighting in stretching her sweet hole. He pushed them in as far as he could, when he could go no further he pulled them out and then shoved them back in again. He got quicker and quicker, deeper and deeper; Sophie was whimpering and moaning with every thrust. She tried to look down but he pinned her back to the wall by her throat, Kelly must have enjoyed that part because her hands clamped down on my breasts and she bucked her hips against my hand. She licked at my neck and kissed my cheek hard; her fingernails were digging into my chest around my breasts causing a sweet pain that made me open my mouth and groan aloud.
Kelly released my breasts and turned me to face her; she looked possessed! She planted her lips on mine and forced her tongue into my mouth, I'd hardly call it a kiss because it felt like being force-fed a hot tongue! She pulled back and licked my face from my chin to my forehead like an animal, then her fingers were in my mouth reaching in and then pulling out again. She pulled at my jaw to open my mouth and spat into it, and then licked me again. I had her saliva running out of my mouth and over my chin, she was absolutely manic.
All of a sudden, she was on her knees in front of me, she reached up, hooked her fingers into the neckline of my dress, and yanked it down to my feet! Thankfully, the shoulder straps were already down on my shoulders so they didn't break. Not waiting for a moment she buried her face between my legs, I felt a mixture of her fingers and tongue inside me. She lifted my leg up so my foot was on her shoulder giving her full access to me. I wiped my hand over my face and looked over at Sophie, her knees had buckled and she was now on her haunches in front of Dominic. He was pushing the head of his cock against her lips, and just as her mouth opened for him, she saw me.
Our eyes met and for one second, we were the only two people on the planet. She smiled at me as Kelly buried her tongue in my pussy, and I smiled at her as Dominic filled her mouth with several inches of thick cock. She groaned loudly as her mouth was invaded, I couldn't know if it was the blowjob or the sight of her wife being licked and fingered that elicited that particular sound but her eyes were fixed on me.
Dominic groaned as well, he'd glanced around at us briefly but he hadn't smiled, he just looked back at Sophie and pushed it into her mouth again. I sensed something was off with this couple; they were aggressive, which wasn't necessarily a bad thing, but there was a hint of cruelty in his eyes. Sophie was enjoying it for the moment though so I went with it, her hand had fallen between her legs and she rubbed at her pussy.
"Hey," a voice rose from between my legs, either my pussy had learned to speak or Kelly was trying to get my attention. I looked down at her and she looked a little upset, my foot was still on her shoulder and her hand still flat against my pussy. "Remember me?"
"I'm sorry," I took my foot off her shoulder and stroked her face. "Come back up here." I brought her face level with mine and softly kissed her lips. I reached around her back to find the zip holding her dress up and pulled it down to her waist, it easily slipped off and fell at her ankles. Her breasts were bigger than I thought; immediately I took them in my hands and stroked her nipples with my thumbs. I moved around her back and turned her to face Dominic and Sophie. I dragged my fingernails over her naked back until I reached her underwear; I slipped my hands around her waist and pushed one hand into her panties.
Her pussy was soaking wet and my hand slipped over her outer lips with ease, I pushed my fingers into her slick crevice and traced the inside of her lips up and down. Each time I stroked I pushed harder and deeper, when my fingers grazed over her clitoris she jumped up and her legs became unsteady and weak. I guided her down to the floor softly; she crouched with her knees as far apart as she could manage. I felt her hot fuck hole open up as I spread her lips and slipped inside, when my index and middle finger were in her silky tunnel I hooked them up and rubbed along the top edge. When I found her G-spot, she cried out so loudly that Dominic turned to look at us and his dick slipped out of Sophie's mouth and rested against her shiny lips as she panted and coughed again.
I can't be one-hundred per cent sure of this, but when Dominic turned and saw my fingers buried in his wife's pussy and her head lolling back against my shoulder, he seemed...annoyed. I wondered if he hadn't heard Kelly make that noise for a while, perhaps he was the kind of person more interested in his own satisfaction? He looked away from her and focused on me, his pride had taken a hit I was sure of it and now he was deciding what to do about it. His gaze moved from me to Sophie, I could see the gears moving in his head. I'd just made his wife cum, so now he was going to fuck my wife hard to show me he could do something to her that I couldn't do!
I watched as he reached down, grabbed a fistful of Sophie's beautiful hair, and pulled her to a standing position, she shrieked in pain as she was made to stand in front of him. He pulled her hair back to make her look up and wrapped his other hand around her throat and forcefully kissed her. Kelly and I were still crouched and my fingers were inside her again, my enthusiastic fingering had rendered her panties unwearable and they'd been slipped off and discarded. She reached back and ground her hand between my legs and my arousal increased despite Dominic's rough treatment of Sophie.
In case you're wondering why I didn't intervene, Sophie and I have a safe word (tornado)or if we can't speak we whirl our fingers around to mimic a whirlwind. As long as she wasn't doing either of those things I knew she was okay. Dominic was a big boy, but the only reason he was dominant at that moment was because Sophieallowedhim to be!
As Kelly and I explored one another, we watched; it was like a live-action porn show. Kelly's fingers were inside me now and my wetness was leaking all over her hand, her invasion just spurred me on to go deeper and faster on her. I held her breast and pinched her nipple with my other hand, pushing her closer to another orgasm. She leaned back harder against me crushing my breasts against her back and enabling her to reach further back, her fingers slipped out of me and pushed against my butthole! Normally I avoid anal play but I felt so turned on I just let her explore me, as her fingertips slipped in I softly bit her earlobe.
Dominic moved his lips away from Sophie's and released the pressure on her throat, he hooked his fingers into the collar of her dress and pulled at it, stretching the delicate fabric. Sensing what he was about to do, Sophie reached under her hair and undid the little button holding her backless dress up. She was about to undo the other thin lace holding it on but Dominic was through with waiting, he yanked the collar down and snapped the little lace then roughly shoved her dress to the floor. He bent down to pick it up and threw it across the room, then turned back to Sophie and grabbed her tits.
The sight of Sophie being undressed so quickly made me gasp, I reacted to it by pinching his wife's clitoris between my finger and thumb and biting her neck.
"Oh god, that hurts!" Kelly whinged and turned around to look at me. I thought she was going to shout at me but there was a faraway look in her eyes and she was smiling.
"Shut up you horny bitch, you know you love it," I whispered into her ear and bit her again on the shoulder. Kelly shivered and gasped and threw her head back against my shoulder with her eyes closed, I pushed my middle two fingers as deep inside her as I could and fucked her harder. Her breathing got heavier and her juice ran over my hand like a waterfall, I was getting closer to cumming too. Kelly's fingers were back where I wanted them; buried in my pussy! We licked, bit, sucked and kissed every bit of skin we could reach with our mouths; it was frantic sex at its most erotic.
Dominic looked frustrated; Sophie was staring at us and her fingers were spreading her pussy lips wide, the fingertips on her other hand pushed against her opening. He pulled her hands away from her pussy and held her wrists above her head, seeing her helplessly pressed back against the wall did something primal to him, with one hand holding her wrists over her head he reached down and lifted her thigh until her knee was level with his waist. She hooked her leg around his waist and he guided his cock to her silky opening.
I had the perfect view and saw the head of his cock enter my wife, it made my stomach jump and I felt like I could feel it inside me. In reality, it was Kelly, who had the same view as I did, pushing harder inside my body. I just needed a little more, my pussy was on fire and my mouth hung open. It was hard to concentrate on anything; a mixture of alcohol and the intensity of the situation were overwhelming me. As more of Dominic's shaft pushed into Sophie's body I felt my pussy tighten and suck Kelly's fingers inside me, she must've felt me reaching my climax because she was quickly following me over the edge.
Dominic thrust his hips forward and submerged his cock into Sophie's pussy; it brought a high-pitched screech from her as his full length disappeared inside her. He pulled the whole thing out and slammed it in again, building up a fast and hard rhythm. He let Sophie's hands go and she held on to his shoulders, he put his hands under her bum and lifted her up; her legs wrapped around his waist and he thrust into her. She was pressed against the wall and every time he pushed inside her, the small of her back hit bounced against it.
"Holy fuck," she cried out. "Fuck me harder!" Sophie encouraged him and bucked her hips against his, his cock was a blur as it smashed into her.
"Mmm, oh god," Kelly writhed against my hand and for the second time tonight her cunt erupted and hot liquid oozed out of it. I was still shaking, I'd held it off for as long as I could because I wanted to wait for Sophie so we could cum at the same time but I couldn't hold it back.
"Ohh jeez, mmmm, so..." I tried to say Sophie's name but Kelly had turned and covered my mouth with hers. Her tongue wrapped and mine as I squirted my juice across her stomach, as my orgasm burned and started to fade I heard Dominic panting and Sophie's high pitched moaning. I opened my eyes and pulled away from Kelly's lips, we both turned and watched our partners climax with each other.
Dominic thrust and thrust again, he was so fast it was amazing he had lasted this long, Sophie still had her legs around his waist and her head was drooping. She must have cum because she looked spent; suddenly Dominic stopped and pushed hard against her. Sophie's eyes opened wide as Dominic shot his load deep inside her, filling her up until it started dribbling back out. Sophie unhooked her legs and put her feet back on the floor, as soon as he let go of her, her knees buckled and she sat on the floor with her legs stretched out in front of her. Dominic pushed his softening cock against her mouth and the last of his cum coated her lips, she sucked it into her mouth briefly before he pulled it away and started stuffing it back into his trousers.
I moved away from Kelly and crawled on my hands and knees to my wife, cum was dribbling out over her lips and running over her chin. I ignored it and pushed my lips onto hers, gently kissing her and stroking her messy hair. I tasted the salty cum on her tongue and when I moved my lips away it clung to them. Her eyes were barely open and her breathing had slowed down, when she finally looked up at me, she gave me a tired smile. She brought her hands up to my face and stroked my cheeks, then looked at me so intensely I felt like she was staring into my soul.
"I want to go home," she said quietly. "Will you take me home?"
"Baby, of course, we can go home," I said stroking her hair. "A night in front of the TV and a glass of wine with the prettiest woman on the planet sounds good to me."
Dominic was with Kelly, helping her get dressed again between hugs and kisses.
"That was amazing," Kelly said with a tired smile. I looked over at them and smiled back.
"Yes, it was great," I said. Sophie retrieved her dress from where Dominic had thrown it and quickly stepped into it, the lace behind it had broken but the collar would hold it up. I grabbed my dress and pulled it on. "Is there a quick way out of here? Without going through the lobby."
"Yes, just follow the signs through there," said Kelly pointing towards a fire door. "Are you both okay?"
"We're fine," said Sophie. "Just tired, Oh shit our jackets and bags are..."
"In the lobby cloakroom," said Dominic. "Why don't you two call a car and I'll fetch your things and bring them to you."
"That would be great, thanks Dominic," I said. He disappeared through the door and Kelly came to our side.
"Did he hurt you?" Kelly asked Sophie. "He can get rough I know."
"No, it was fine," said Sophie. "Nothing I couldn't handle."
"Good job he stopped when he did, or your pussy would end up looking like an empty headlock," I told Sophie which made her smile. "You were pretty forceful too," I said to Kelly. She looked away and blushed.
"I don't usually get like that," she admitted. "It was all pretty intense, and you were pretty bite-y too!"
"Who, me," I said feigning innocence. "Don't listen to her Sophie, she's making it up!" We laughed and waited for Dominic to return.
Sophie finished arranging herself and was effortlessly beautiful again, I looked like I'd been dragged through a hedge by my pussy lips but I didn't care. Ten minutes later, we were on our way home.
******************************************************************************
It had just gone 11pm, we'd been home for about an hour and we were sitting on the sofa together in our matching pink pyjamas, (a pink shirt and shorts.) As soon as we got through the door, Sophie went straight upstairs and turned the shower on. She'd been quiet all the way back from the gallery, something was on her mind but she was waiting until she was comfortable enough to talk.
I had climbed in the shower with her and we cleaned ourselves up, I helped her wash out the last of Dominic's spunk, which was another reminder of why I prefer sex with women! After she was clean and in her 'pinkies' she seemed better and more lively and happy. I made us a cup of coffee and we sat together with the lights low and the TV on, I was sitting normally with my feet on the floor and Sophie had her feet up on the sofa with her legs over mine. I looked over at her and she was looking into her cup, a little distracted.
"Sophie," I said gently. "Are you with me?" She looked up from her cup and smiled softly.
"I'm with you, sorry." She said quietly.
"Tell me what you're thinking baby, something is on your mind," I put my cup down and gently stroked her knee and thigh.
"I'm just thinking about making some changes," said Sophie. "I want to spend more time with you at home, now that sale has gone through and my commission is in the bank I'm going to tell the firm I want to stay home."
"Really?" I said excitedly. I'd wanted to hear this for months. "I've wanted to hear that for months!"
"It might mean I earn less money for a while but I'm sick of being apart all the time, the only reason we got tonight together was because it was a work event." Sophie had clearly been thinking about this for a while.
"I know honey, and I want the same thing," I said holding her hand again. "If we get low on cash we can sell our bodies, should get a few quid working the street." I laughed.
"Yeah right," She laughed. "Seriously though, I want to stay home and be a proper wife to you baby."
"Aww that sounds like heaven," I said.
"By the way, I have a big surprise planned for you," she said. She was much happier now and beaming her smile at me.
"A surprise?" I asked intrigued. "What is it?"
"You'll have to wait until Sunday, but trust me, you'll love it!"
"Sunday? That's ages! You can't make me wait that long!"
"Yeah I can," she teased. " It'll be worth the wait, trust me! Right now though, I need my bed!"
We sorted ourselves out, washed up and slid into bed.
"Tell me what the surprise is."
"No."
"Please."
"No."
"Bitch."
"Damn right."
Sunday, 4 days after the gallery party
The week had been brilliant; Sophie had been true to her word about what she wanted to do about work; she had demanded they give her more time at home and they obliged, sort of. They said they had a position that allowed her to stay home every day, which was their smart arse way of saying she was fired! Something about going home early from the event followed by demanding better hours hadn't gone down well, bastards! It didn't matter though, the commission she'd got from the sale along with our savings meant she didn't need to rush into the job market.
Losing that job had made her so much happier, no more stress or deadlines, no more business trips to Manchester or overseas to far-flung places like Wales (it totally counts as abroad). She was home and we loved it, although things were good and she was happy, she still wouldn't tell me about my surprise. I tried various clever ways of finding out like tickling, bribery and pretending to cry but none of them worked. So I had to wait, and when Sunday afternoon arrived I was anxiously waiting. We were in our 'pinkies' again and sitting on the sofa, she hadn't mentioned my gift yet despite how often I'd hinted at it.
I looked over at her and she was smiling to herself and staring into her phone with her thumb tapping away. Sophie knew exactly what she was doing; eventually, she put her phone down and stretched out; putting her legs across my lap.
"So...are you ready to find out what your gift is?" Sophie asked.
"My gift? Oh, it's Sunday isn't it, I hadn't thought about it," I blatantly lied. She saw right through it and laughed, then lifted her legs off me and stood up.
"Here, put this on and sit up straight," she reached behind the cushion and handed me a blindfold and tapped the middle seat on the sofa.
"How very kinky! We haven't used a blindfold before," I giggled as I put it over my eyes and felt a jolt of excitement. Just as my vision was blocked out there was a knock on the door.
"Ah, there's the delivery now," said Sophie.
"How did you get a Sunday delivery?" I asked.
"I'll be right back, no peeking!" Sophie called back as she crossed the room and I heard her footsteps fade away, and then I heard the front door open and close. I listened intently but I could make nothing out until I heard Sophie come back. I felt her sit beside me and put her hands on the blindfold, holding it on.
"You trust me, don't you honey?" Sophie asked as she ran her hand through my hair.
"Of course I do," I told her. "I'd trust you with my life. Not my Spurs mug but certainly my life." She stroked my left knee and softly kissed my cheek.
"Good honey," she whispered and stroked my right knee...this got me a little confused because it felt like Sophie and one hand in my hair, one hand on my left knee and one hand stroking my right knee. Just as I processed this, I felt another pair of lips on my right cheek! Sophie had either suddenly grown a third hand and a second head, or my surprise wasn't a 'what' at all, it was a 'who'.
"Who's kissing my right cheek?" I asked, sounding a little more alarmed than I intended! I wasn't worried or scared of course; I knew Sophie wouldn't have got someone weird that I wouldn't like.
"All in good time honey," Sophie whispered again and kissed me on the lips while the mystery person kissed my neck. It felt good, really good! Just as I relaxed and started enjoying myself I felt another set of lips on my knee!
"Christ, how many people are here," I asked as I pulled away from Sophie and started undoing the blindfold.
"Not yet, babe," Sophie caught my hands and held them down before I could remove it.
"Sophie, what is this?" I asked, feeling a little uneasy now.
"It's fine honey, there are two people here who want to thank you," Sophie said calmly.
"Thank me for what? I haven't done anything for anyone that deserves...this," I said more to myself than to anyone else.
"Well apparently you did, you helped two people find each other," said Sophie. The two sets of mystery lips were now kissing my feet and very softly running their hands up the backs of my calves. I felt like I was the centre of the universe and I was being treated like a princess, but not one of the boring 'Disney' ones! I was sure both people touching me were women, Sophie wouldn't have brought a man to me as a surprise.
"They wanted to come here and show you how grateful they are," Sophie actually sounded proud of me. I wasn't sure what I could've done, but whatever it was, I was happy I'd done it! "Are you ready to see our two guests?" Sophie teased. She had moved from the seat beside me and was standing behind the sofa with her hands on my shoulders.
"Yes, I am," I said. I don't know why but I was suddenly incredibly nervous about seeing them, I actually started shaking as Sophie untied the blindfold. When my vision was restored it took a second for the blurry shapes in front of me to come into focus, as they did I could see they were kneeling on the floor in front of me and...oh! I stopped shaking and smiled, as things started to make sense.
"Louise!" I shouted, recognising her short blonde ponytail and diminutive figure from the hospital a week ago when I'd taken her virginity! The other young woman took me a little longer to recognise, she had long brunette hair and emerald green eyes. I'd seen her at the hospital...her leg had been in a cast and her name was... "Jessie!"
"You see," Louise said turning her. "I told you she'd remember you!" Jessie blushed and looked away with a girlish smile, then looked up to me.
"I don't think we ever actually talked to each other," said Jessie. "I think I only said one thing to you...do you remember what it was?" I smiled remembering the voice in the darkness that night in the hospital.
"Yes I do," I said with a smile. "You said that if it wasn't for that cast on your leg you would've joined Louise and me."
"That's right," Jessie smiled and pointed to her leg. "Look, no cast now! That's why I was there, to have it removed."
"How did this all happen then?" I asked Sophie who had rejoined me on the sofa.
"Well when you got home I put your things away and found Louise's number," she said. "So I thought I'd call her and set up a playdate for the three of us but, it turns out Louise had met somebody and wanted to involve her." She nodded towards Jessie.
"The day you left, I got called back in by the hospital," Louise picked up the story. "They needed me to do one more day and night so I came back in and Jessie and I got talking..."
"As I remember, we did more than talking," Jessie giggled and stroked Louise's hair.
"Well, I felt so much more confident after what we did and the way you were with me," said Louise looking at me again. "I was able to ask Jessie out!"
"And I said 'yes please!'" Jessie laughed. "After seeing what you two got up to I knew that she was the one for me!"
"How did you see anything," I asked her. "It was really dark."
"An app on my phone," she said triumphantly. "I watch birds sometimes, and that night I saw a few great tits!" That made all four of us laugh and we got up and hugged each other.
They were both wearing summer outfits; Louise had a cute white tube top on that left her midriff bare and a pair of red shorts that flared around her upper thighs. Jessie was wearing a colourful summery tank top that also showed off her tummy, as well as a little belly button piercing. A short white pleated skirt hung around her thighs too.
"So now you are both an item?" I asked after we'd got a drink and sat down again, we were all squeezed on the sofa together with Sophie and me at each end and Louise and Jessie between us.
We had remained in our little pink shorts but we'd quickly swapped our night-time shirts for the pink tank tops that matched the shorts. Sophie had excitedly winked when we were briefly topless in the bedroom, pulled her shorts further up and shaken her bum at me. I quickly gave it a slap before she ran away laughing.
"Yes," Louise smiled at me. "If it wasn't for you I'd still be alone and scared of everything but now I have Jessie," she turned and kissed her girlfriend on the lips. Sophie and I looked up and mouthed 'hot' and 'wow' to each other, Louise was closest to me and I could feel her legs against mine. As they had a kiss I stroked her thigh around the bottom of her shorts, I love the smooth skin of a woman's body. I looked over and saw Sophie's hand stroking Jessie's leg too, I wasn't sure how far these two would be willing to go but it was going to be fun finding out.
I watched the girls kiss and looked up at Sophie again, I suddenly had a bad feeling and needed to check something. I got her attention and mouthed 'how old' and pointed to Jessie, she looked confused so I tried again. She got the message but shrugged her shoulders and mouthed 'I don't know.' So I mouthed 'ask her' and she replied 'no you ask her.' After a moment I realized Jessie and Louise were looking at us a bit confused.
"Are you...okay?" Jessie asked.
"Yeah, yeah fine," I was just asking Sophie something.
"What do you need to know?" asked Louise.
"I just need to check, y'know that you are both...old enough," I forced a giggle out.
"Sure said Jessie, we're both fifteen!" She smiled.
"Oh, I think we might..."
"She's kidding!" Louise laughed. "I'm twenty-four and Jessie is twenty-two!"
"Oh thank god, don't do that to me," I playfully slapped Jessie's leg. She laughed and pulled her knees up to her chest giving us a quick glimpse of her underwear.
"Sorry," said Jessie. "I didn't mean to scare you, anyway we're here to thank you so..." she looked at Louise and nodded her head.
"Right, exactly," said Louise standing up and turning around. She held her hands out to me and helped me to my feet. "Is there a bed around here we can use, preferable not a hospital bed this time?"
"Sure, we have a nice king size one in the bedroom but, what about my wife?" I asked.
"Oh, don't worry about her," said Jessie as she helped Sophie to her feet just as Louise had done for me. "We'll find something to thank her for too."
"Good, she deserves a damn good thanking as well!" I laughed and led them both to our marital bed.
In the bedroom, Sophie climbed on first and crawled on her hands and knees to the far side closest to the wall, giving us a lovely view of her bum cheeks as she went. Jessie followed suit and her little black panties flashed into our view.
"So, as today is all about my gorgeous wife," Sophie announced. "With her ability to spread love everywhere she goes, I think she should sit here in the middle and wear this." Sophie had found the blindfold again. All three women were on the bed now, all with bare thighs and sweet smiles inviting me to join them. I didn't hesitate for too long and climbed on with them, it was a big bed but it seemed much smaller now, I moved into the space Sophie had offered which just happened to be between her legs!
The bed was pushed into the corner of the room so one side of it was flat against the wall and the headboard was against the other wall, Sophie was sitting with her back in the corner with her knees bent and apart. She tapped the space between them and I sat with my back to her chest, Louise was on my right and Jessie on my left. Every time I looked around I saw a beautiful face and lots of bare skin, it was an erotic dream made real! Just as I was admiring my view, Sophie brought the blindfold up and fastened it up at the back. My sight was gone but my other senses were on high alert, for a while no one spoke or even moved, I waited and was determined not to jump out of my skin every time I got touched. It would just be a matter of...
"Mmph!" I jumped out of my skin (shit!) when I felt a very hot and wet tongue lick my cheek! "I wasn't expecting that... ooh!" I jumped again (double shit!) when another tongue licked from my knee to my thigh and a pair of hands were inside my top holding my breasts. It was almost eerie because they weren't speaking, this had obviously been planned out and it was very effective. My skin felt so sensitive, I focused intently on every soft stroke and every gentle tickle. The way they were touching me added to the experience, they would drag their fingertips over my skin so lightly it tingled.
I heard a few things happening too, the unmistakable sound of kissing right next to my right ear followed by more kissing on my left. I guessed it was Sophie kissing each of them, and then I was being kissed. A tongue slipped between my lips and gently caressed mine, I didn't know who was kissing me but unless Sophie had dislocated her neck I guessed it was one of the guests! After a beautiful kiss with her, her tongue left me and was immediately replaced with another one and suddenly I was kissing someone else. When Sophie had put the blindfold on me, I thought I'd know who was doing what to me based on where they were sitting but all I could remember for sure was that Sophie started behind me.
While I explored the second mouth with my tongue I felt my shorts being pulled down, and then the mouth was pulled away from me and I felt my top being pulled up over my breasts then up over my head. I was naked and at the mercy of my three gorgeous pleasurers, if that's a word! When I leaned back again I could feel naked breasts against my back, I wondered if they were all naked too. Were they touching each other, or are all three sets of eyes fixed on my body; on my breasts, or between my legs? I felt so exposed as if I was one of those awful pictures in that gallery, it made my heart thump against my chest just thinking about it.
"You are seriously beautiful all over," said Jessie, breaking the silence. I smiled and I'm sure I was blushing.
"Aww you're making her blush," said Sophie. (I knew it!) "Come on baby, let's get you more comfortable; move forward a bit." The girls positioned me in the centre of the bed and put a pillow under my head. I heard more kissing and the sound of clothing hitting the floor. I took a deep breath and waited to see, or not see, what would come next, I felt extremely turned on already and I felt a little woozy from the stimulus I'd received. Just as I'd composed myself, I suddenly felt six hands on me, two on my breasts, two on my right thigh and two on my left flank, without a word they all started moving together.
"Oh wow, that feels so weird, what is it?" I giggled. Hands rubbed all over me and my skin felt damp, were they rubbing something on me?
"I bought edible massage oil for you," said Sophie. "How does it feel?"
"Incredible," I cooed. My whole front half was covered quickly, unsurprisingly considering how many hands were on me. They didn't stop though, I felt my nipples being pinched and rubbed and my thighs being massaged. There was only one part of my body they hadn't touched yet, but I was hoping that would change very soon!
"Oh god!" I gasped. Two pairs of lips had attached themselves to my nipples, their tongues swirled around each one and it was unlike anything I've felt before, even though no one had touched me between my legs I was getting close to having an orgasm. I'd never cum with no clitoris stimulation before but having two women sucking my tits so expertly was getting me so close, one of them left my nipple and kissed me instead. While she kissed me I tasted the massage oil on her tongue, it tasted like honey. The nipple she'd left had found a new friend, and again both nipples were sucked and teased. When they were at their hardest I heard Sophie, who must've been on one of my breasts, whisper to the other one.
"She likes it when you gently bite her nipple!" Suddenly a little bolt of pain from both sensitive areas followed by hard sucking made my knees fly apart and I bucked against fresh air.
"Ohhhh jeez!" I cried out and arched my neck back. Whoever had been kissing me decided to lick and bite at my throat instead, it was amazing and I was desperate to finger myself but I could reach over the two women sucking my breasts! I whimpered and moaned, and then I rubbed my thighs together, desperate for some contact there! Then, without any warning or prompting, I felt someone hold my thighs and roughly lick me from my arse hole, up through my pussy lips and then suck on my erect clitoris! My orgasm exploded from there and I almost screamed, I'd never ever cum that hard before, my pussy burned and it radiated out over my whole body until even my fingertips were tingling. I collapsed back onto the bed and relaxed my muscles again, feeling like a train had hit me.
"Wow," said Jessie. "You sure meant that!"
"Yeah she did," said Sophie. "No one comes as sexily as my baby."
"If that's what you look like when you cum, I think you would've woken up the whole hospital if I'd been better at sex," Louise giggled.
"No, you were more than good enough," I reached out towards the voice and stroked... something.
"Alice, that's Jessie, and that's not her face!" Louise laughed.
"Can I take this off now?" I asked. "I'd like to know who I'm fondling." I heard Sophie laugh and my blindfold was undone, my eyes bulged at the sight before me. All three of them were naked, their incredible bodies on display just for me. Sophie's red hair hung over her breasts, Louise was kneeling between my legs, Jessie was next to me, and my hand was on her right breast!
"Oops, I guess I missed your face," I laughed. I looked around and saw Sophie looking at me with a lustful smile; she was gently stroking her thigh with one hand and cupping her breast with the other. "I think it's Sophie's turn to be thanked."
"That's a great idea," said Jessie. Sophie bit her bottom lip and moved into my position.
"Do you want the blindfold?" I asked her. "No, I want to watch." I smiled and pecked at her lips. We got her head on the pillow I'd been using and I ran my hand over her body and rested it on her thigh. Louise and Jessie took a breast each and started the same treatment on Sophie as they had on me, she quickly started squirming and her breathing quickened. It was an amazing sight, I didn't know where to go first but as Sophie was in the middle it seemed fair to start with her.
I moved between her legs and brushed my palm over her moistening pussy lips, as soon as I touched her there she got up on her elbows and looked. She watched me as I rubbed her harder, increasing the friction which made her thighs open up for me invitingly, and I accepted the offer. I lowered my mouth until my lips were so close to hers that she had to feel my breath on her wetness. I blew hot air onto her clitoris to tease her a little then lightly kissed it, the sudden moan from her mouth told me I was getting the response I was looking for!
I kissed my way down her slit and teased her lips apart with my tongue, then used my thumbs to open her up and reveal her beautiful pink flower to me. I pushed the tip of my tongue into her little pink hole and traced my way around the edge of her opening, she twitched and moaned with every movement I made. When I pushed my tongue as far into her as I could get I felt her thighs wrap around the back of my head and her hips jerk up, she was starting to lose control just as I had done earlier. My tongue darted in and out of her hot hole and I was constantly rewarded with her cries and her flow of girl juice. I greedily lapped at her pussy, dragging my tongue from her hole to her clitoris over and over again, I used my left hand to rub myself and my right hand to rub Sophie!
When I was sure she was almost over the edge, I pulled my tongue away from her sopping wet hole and slipped my two middle fingers as far inside her velvet passage as I could. I pushed in and out of her loving how her insides felt, so hot and soft. I glanced up to see if she was watching me but Louise was kissing her and Sophie's hands were running up and down her back, and Jessie was lying with her head on Sophie's stomach watching my fingers slide into my wife's weeping pussy! Jessie was stroking herself and kissing Sophie's stomach, inching closer to where I was licking her clitoris.
Sophie was beside herself, her loud moans stifled by Louise's mouth as she messily licked her lips and sucked on her tongue. I guess Louise really had been let out of her repressed cage by a combination of Jessie and me; she was far from the shy woman I had fingered at the hospital! I kept up a rhythmic pace on Sophie's pussy and kissed her rock hard clit.
"This is so hot," Jessie whispered to me. "You guys are so sexy and...mmm." I moved my lips from Sophie's pussy and kissed Jessie. We explored each other's mouths while I fingered Sophie, her pussy tightened around my fingers and she thrust up again as we kissed! I pulled back from Jessie and looked back up to see what Sophie and Louise were doing and what I saw almost made me cum on my hand! Louise was on her hands and knees with her back to us; giving us a perfect view of her pussy and arsehole. Her knees were on each side of Sophie's head with her hips lowered right over her face, and my darling wife was licking nuzzling her pussy like there was no tomorrow!
"Wow, they look so hot," I said to Jessie. "Come here and lick this hot pussy with me!" She smiled and moved around next to me and we both licked Sophie as she came hard. We spread her legs and pussy lips as wide as we could and licked all over her, our tongues explored and penetrated her and poor Sophie could only make whinging noises into Louise's hole. Louise was gasping and softly whimpering to herself as well, the noises and tastes were as intoxicating as any drink I'd ever head! Sophie could hold no longer.
"Ohh, oh fuck me! Mmmmm!" She cried and a torrent of fluid washed over mine and Jessie's faces, we lapped at her as she shook and twitched until she relaxed and her hips fell back to the bed. I pulled my fingers out of her pussy and sunk them into Jessie's mouth, she licked and sucked at my fingers until I pulled them out and wiped them across her lips. I leaned into her and kissed her deeply, the mixture of Sophie's juice and Jessie's mouth tasted divine.
As we kissed, I felt Jessie exploring between my legs, with how wet I was it was easy for her to slip a finger inside me. I returned the favour and felt my way over her body until I found hot wetness under my palm, then I used the fingers I'd just used to fuck my wife to spread Jessie's pussy open and slip a finger in. She felt incredible, so soft and smooth and really tight, it's times like this I wish I had a cock! We mashed our lips and tongues together as we explored each other's insides, I was working my middle finger in and out of her and rubbing my thumb over her clit. She did the same to me and then I felt her other hand roughly grab my breast, making me squirm and rock my hips into her hand. We shuffled closer until our tits were pushing against each other, and our rhythms started to match as we got well into the swing of it. We both breathed heavily until it was impossible to kiss without drooling all over, I pulled away from her mouth and licked her neck. I nuzzled into it and felt Jessie softly bite my shoulder, we were about to cum in each other's hands when we heard a wild scream from Louise! We turned in time to see Louise's cunt gush her juice all over Sophie's face!
Sophie had two fingers in Louise's pussy as well as furiously rubbing her own clitoris, the sight tipped me over the edge again! I forced my finger as deep into Jessie as I could and bucked against her hand! As much as my juice ran over Jessie's hand, I felt a pretty much equal amount coming from her. We rubbed, moaned, licked, kissed, bit and fucked each other until our thighs clamped together around the invading hands then exploded apart in something as close to ecstasy as I'll ever hope to experience.
I was spent, I leaned against Jessie and we held each other up. Sophie and Louise were lying beside each other now and gently kissing while watching us, Sophie looked as spent as I felt. She held her hand out to me and I took it and lay beside her, Jessie moved behind me and stroked my hair back while I pressed my lips against Sophie's mouth.
"I love you," I whispered softly and smiled. "I loved my present, girls."
"It's okay, you're very welcome," said Louise. She stroked Sophie's hair and caressed her cheek.
"Absolutely," Jessie added.
"Anything for my baby," Sophie stroked my cheek and kissed me.
"What happens now?" I asked. With four naked and tired women, there seemed only one obvious answer. "Glass of wine anyone?"
We enjoyed the rest of our day together and when they left, it was with the promise of more playdates in future.
That's pretty much that, Sophie and I got stronger together and fell in love more and more each day if that's too soppy for you. Tough! Now, go away, a girl needs her sleep. Thanks for reading.
The End
[ I hope you enjoyed the peek into Alice and Sophie's marriage. I haven't written anything in several years so please be kind with your 'likes' and comment. All the best! xx]