Camp Zester, USA
Copyright April 2024 by Fit529 Dotcom (started 1/2015)
Disclaimers
All persons are over age 18
All names have been randomized so if yours matches it's not my fault
Prelude
After graduating mid-year from University of Colorado with my second M.S., this one in geology (magna cum laude), I cast about for a job. The career/placement center put me through 20 interviews with different companies, each of which was hugely interested in me, which fed my ego (of course).
The trouble was, all of them were petrochemical companies, looking for people to find oil and natural gas wells.
I have always been a green treehugger, and didn't like that much, so I had to look elsewhere.
I should mention here that I was a bit younger than the average graduate, being only 20. Getting a second master's degree at 20 sounds like I must have been smart enough to make it easy. I'm more peculiar than smart. But, I was having fun, and when you love your subject, you can spend as much time as there is going after it.
A very, very important thing to know about me is how odd my brain is.
I have a very rare condition known as Ocular Eidetic-Phonetic Transcriptional Affect, OEPTA, "Etta". Etta means that when I intend to, I can look at something - a glance or a few seconds - and then remember it forever. To say it's rare is an understatement - even light cases affect only 2 in 100,000 people, but mine is even more 'severe' than most.
My mental recall was matched (as a teen) by only 14 others in the world. Many with Etta suffer debilitating side effects like Asperger's social symptoms, uncontrollable reveries that approximate seizures, panic attacks, debilitating OCD, bipolar disorders, etc. Almost all of us are plainly oddballs, though my social skills can reasonably approximate normalcy, if normal is in the super-geeky range.
So, yes, I might be an oddball at times, but most people seem to regard me as acting mostly-normally. It did take me forever to figure that out.
Etta doesn't make me smarter. It just means I can remember most things I want to remember. Skills are not memory, nor are they intelligence, they're fitting info into patterns. I still have to work at applying what I've read. Granted, I can visualize the textbook's examples, but it can make me lazy, and it takes WAY too much time to use on tests.
More than just being normally lazy, if I slack off and depend on memory instead of applying it to real problems, that skill-development deficit magnifies the learning curve of each passing successive skill. In school, skills usually build on ones before, and learning is about developing skills as much as knowing base facts.
Growing up, I had it worse than other kids because I would overly-depend on my memory of events instead of generalizing rules about the way the world works. That led to a lot of social problems, and I saw counselors every week for most of my childhood - just working through day to day problems and building a better me along the way.
I needed help interpreting social situations.
With the help and diligent analysis and effort, I got hugely, vastly better as I got older. I even had a few long-term girlfriends who could see my inner-caring nature instead of a confused deer-in-headlights guy.
Either due to this quirk of biology, or perhaps because I just latched onto something that gave me joy, I became a geologist. It meant I was not constrained by sitting and reading all the time, soaking up words from pages. Sure, reading is great fun, and I've always been a huge reader. Geologists, though, have to visualize what's only partially revealed in a landform and in rock samples. They put together clues from many small observations into a grand scheme that explains How Things Are, and How They Came To Be That Way.
But, I digress.
I finished writing my thesis in mid-July, and defended (a question/answer session with some faculty) in mid-August. This meant I could finish the last of my officially required courses in the fall semester in a more relaxed way.
Graduating in December meant a start to student loan payments.
Since I'd started college at age 14, and changed schools several times as I tried to decide what to do with my life, I had huge student loan debt.
Besides changing schools, I'd taken loans to go on academic field expeditions, exploring many odd locales across the USA, Canada, Mexico, Greenland, Peru, Japan, and even the Swiss Alps. I got my GSL statement that August (thank God it was after my thesis defense, or I'd have been distracted), and it showed I owed over $400k. My worries over finding a job that would let me pay it back mounted, and I worried I'd have to take a well-paying but boring desk job in the financial industry (they always needed polymath and memorization nerds).
And here we get to the event that changed my life.
I walked past the Math department bulletin board and saw a flier for a paid internship.
The flyer said it was academic and would therefore defer student loan repayment, it had 'very generous pay and benefits stipends', which was code in the math dept. for a possible financial industry gig that pretended to be academic. Per the rumor mill, stock options on those payed HUGE.
The requirements were a very high GPA, at least one completed degree, being physically fit, passing basic med checks, and that a US Government security clearance would be required. I read the page with interest, and, standing there, called the number.
The phone conversation was somewhat short. An older-sounding lady answered and said, "Department 251, can I help you?"
I replied that I was looking at a poster about an internship, and she said, yes, can I have your name and address, and we'll have someone get back to you. I told them to her and we hung up.
The next day I got an overnight-delivery package with a bunch of forms to fill out and instructions for having blood drawn at a local medical clinic. This I did quickly, on the theory that there might be limited slots available for this internship and I wanted to be first in line. I knew I wasn't the only one applying because the brochure was gone the next day. Someone else had obviously decided to prevent competition.
The forms were mostly simple permission forms so they could pull my medical records, school transcripts, and financial or credit check records. I didn't mind those at all; I'd been pretty careful to pay my bills on time, except a couple of times when I was out of the country and forgot I had car payments to make. All that stuff I had done quickly. The one that was hard was the SF-86.
An SF-86 Security Questionnaire wants you to list everywhere you've ever lived (including street addresses, phone numbers, and dates you were there). This would have been impossible had I not had a trick memory, especially because I'd visited so many countries. I also had to list anytime I'd ever even talked with someone from a 'designated country or region' (to North Korea, Syria, China, Iran, Russia, Venezuela, Turkey, Kurdistan, and a couple of others).
Even for someone with my memory, listing all the conversations I'd had? That was Hard!
Really, they didn't probably expect completeness, and I knew that. I did try, though, listing out some of my undergrad students that I suspected of being from 'designated countries'.
I couldn't really know the national origins of most of my students, or even of some of my acquaintances, that wasn't listed and we weren't supposed to ask.
Writing it down is a pain, and they probably didn't want to know what I had for dinner the night I met the Venezuelan guy in the hostel in Kyoto who tried to convince me (a geologist, natch) that the world was only 5000 years old.
OPSEC
Attached to the front of the packet of doctors' information was another sheet of paper:
OPSEC is the military practice of keeping operational secrets. This means avoiding talk unless you independently know the other person's clearance level.
Limit your talk to your immediate task subjects. If asked, pull on a mask of being an idiot who does idiotic things, you don't know or suspect anything. If someone tries to tell you classified info, stop them and walk away if necessary. Ask no questions. Prevent overhearing things.
Keep all personal info secret to protect against blackmail. You may talk with old friends, but only about utterly unrelated topics.
Keeping OPSEC is sometimes hard. Failure can mean loss of National Assets or the death or torture of large groups of people or even yourself.
Say Nothing, to anyone. Even spouses, children, parents, friends, deny knowing anything, confirm nothing, share nothing. Even admitting you have a clearance is to be avoided.
Trust No One.
Your friends/relatives/co-workers will be interviewed and observed. People highly trained in detecting lies will evaluate them, and thus you. Telling anyone anything can put them in jail. Trust no one, Keep Your Mouth Shut.
Read this page 3 times, slowly, start to finish and destroy it completely.
Medical
Getting the initial blood tests took longer than I thought it would, mostly because it required them to get 11 different vials of blood, as well as hair samples, and a 'direct witness urine sample'. This translated to my having a very dour-looking older Black woman actually stare at my penis while I peed into a cup. I laughed to break the tension, but she didn't.
Peeing while being watched was hard, but eventually I got it to work by closing my eyes and pretending she wasn't there. Not describing the hilarity of the situation to my friends was hard, too, but the paperwork had promised the internship paid a 'significant compensation' and I decided to keep this one to myself.
A week after FedEx'ing back the paperwork, I got another Fedex and it had more doctor's orders. Over the next couple of days, there was more blood work while fasting, a stress test on a treadmill at a cardiologist's office, and a whole set of specialists. The allergy specialist found I was mildly allergic to oak and cottonwood tree pollen, which I already knew.
The endocrinologist wanted me to spit, got snot from my nose, stuck a whole slew of Q-Tips in my ears, nose, throat, slightly into my urethra, and up my butt. They even wanted a stool sample.
Interestingly, the doctor said they even needed a sperm sample. After all the other samples, I wasn't all that surprised. They had a small room and a computer already opened to a big porn site, stroke lube on the desk, and a small cup to collect my sample. It didn't take that long; my girlfriend and I had split about 6 months before that, and I had sworn off relationships until I could get some stability into my life.
A physical therapist had me stretch in all sorts of directions and measured how far I could move, then put me on weight machines and tested how much I could bench press, leg press, etc. I was exhausted after that one.
The Ear-Nose-Throat specialist x-ray'd my head and asked me lots of questions about how often I'd had sinus infections as a kid (not often at all, really).
The podiatrist looked at my feet, got under-toenail samples and moved my feet in all different directions and asked me if it hurt. When he twisted too hard, I said so.
At the end, the podiatrist muttered, "Crazy referrals. They say, get all this info, document everything carefully, pay me 4 times my normal billing rate, and tell me to not ask you any questions whatsoever. I'm not asking you anything. But, I'll tell you, whoever is paying for this, it makes no sense. Your feet are perfectly normal and healthy. Get going."
I had a sleep study, which meant going into a combination hotel-room/hospital-room and trying to go to sleep while having lots of electrodes all over, including stuck into my hair with a funny hat to hold it all in place. Again, no comments from staff, just "Thank you, you're done. Doctor will read the charts, we don't know anything. Goodbye."
Lastly, I had to go to 3 different tuxedo shops to get measured, and Fedex the cards back to them.
The Base Visit
About 2 weeks after I finished going to all the specialists (a month after first calling the bulletin board number), I got another FedEx. Great, I thought, more tests. Instead, it was instructions to come down to Fort Carson, in Colorado Springs (I was living in Boulder, about 2 hours away). I was to wear clothes they would send to me in separate packages, and continue OPSEC (talking to no one). I would be there for 3 days, it said.
The clothes arrived and were a complete set of US Army fatigues, even with a stupid-looking wallet with a funny looking ID badge with no picture.
For travel money, they'd enclosed $300 in $20's. There was no rank insignia or nameplate on the clothing, just a velcro patch where a nameplate could be attached but none was. The clothing looked used but clean.
A separate Fedex arrived the next day with the attachable name badge. It said "Johnson". Along with it was a set of papers titled, "ORDERS" that directed the base commander and all who saw it to permit me to go to BOQ #47-A11. My orders also specified that I'd be picked up at 7 am sharp and that MRE's would be in my room at the BOQ, or I could bring my own food, but I was not allowed to leave my room at the BOQ during my stay except as escorted.
The next paragraph stated that no questions were to be asked of me, and any inquiries should be addressed to Dept. 186 with a "DOD phone number ____". I didn't know the DOD had its own phone network, but I guessed that made some sense.
The name at the top of the orders was, "Lieutenant General Craig Barstow, Ft. Meade, MD"
I knew what that meant. Fort Meade was where the NSA was headquartered.
Tests
The BOQ turned out to be 'bachelor officer's quarters", a concrete-block building with no windows, a front door, a guard desk, and about 6 other rooms in it. Each, I presumed, was like mine, a tiny 'hotel' room with a single twin bunk bed, a TV with over-the-air reception (10 channels), and enough room to stand up but that's about it.
Did I mention the lack of cell reception and wifi? It was a dead zone in there. Ug.
Business-wise, all 3 days at Ft. Carson were spent taking written and speaking tests.
I was watched by 3 small cameras on tripods and serious-looking older-looking military police with sunglasses on. One MP would pull a sealed FedEx package out of a bigger box and hand it to me. I had to take it back to my desk, open it, do the test inside, put the results in the included fedex return envelope, seal it, and hand it back to him. The tests were timed; the MP wrote the time on the package when he got it back, before putting it into an outgoing big box and handing me the next one.
The tests themselves were sometimes stupid, like, "read the following list aloud, then read it again adding 12 to every number." Obviously, those were for the benefit of the cameras. The math wasn't hard, mostly. Some of the tests said they were time-limited, so I had to finish them quickly, which of course I did.
I'd seen one of the tests before. It was the MMPI, the Minnesota Multiphasic Personality Inventory. It was designed to find out if you were crazy. I'd taken it when I was an undergrad and in counseling from my Etta memory "problem".
That first time, I'd found one question giggle-inspiring. It was "True/False: I am fascinated by fire." Again, I answered yes, because who doesn't like watching a candle flame, really? If that made me a pyro, I guessed that was their problem.
Some of the tests were general intelligence tests, some were obviously final exams for classes I'd taken already, like partial differential equations, western civilization, statics, dynamics, traffic theory, astrophysical methods, etc. They even had me translate some French text that said it was from Votaire's "Dictionnaire Philosophique", but I hadn't ever read that work. If I had, I could have cheated, because I could have just quoted wholesale from the English translation. Being able to remember most every printed page I've ever seen has its advantages.
I finished on Sunday about noon, and was given the option of staying overnight again or driving home. I elected to drive home right away; the BOQ wasn't a vacation spot.
Second Base Visit
On my second weekend, a couple of weeks later, I was just there for about 3 hours and then was sent home. In that short time, though, I got a massive jolt about what it was I was actually applying to do.
When they finally called me in from the waiting room (in a small but otherwise unoccupied office building), the door buzzed, and the intercom said, "Please Go In." The room was wild looking -- floor, walls, and even the Ceiling!! were all covered in thick shag carpeting.
There were no windows.
Even the two doors, both the one I came in and another, were also covered in carpeting. The center of the room had a plastic folding table, with 2 plastic folding chairs, one for myself and the other, facing me, occupied by a serious-looking older lady who frankly looked pale and sickly. I would have sworn she was a cancer patient and not a military person.
I came in, shut the door behind me, and sat down. She turned on a somewhat loud sounding white-noise machine and said, "Okay, here's your situation."
I took a breath. I figured I might be out of it because of failing some test or another.
"You have been conditionally admitted to the program. Read this, silently. No questions until the end." She handed me a folder with red candy-stripes around the outside border. On the front, it said, 'TOP SECRET'. I opened it by breaking a seal with a number written on it. Inside, there were two pieces of paper. The first piece said the following:
-------
You are going to a US Army location. It is nowhere near any kind of a war zone. It is a rough and rugged environment, requiring a lot of moving around, manual labor, thoughtful analysis, and situational awareness. There will not be much privacy. Facilities will require men and women to be in close proximity. Rules will apply for good behavior, including prohibiting fraternization, sexual harassment, that hold everyone to the highest standards.
Persons breaking these rules will be sent home and/or prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law. Meals will not be complex, but will meet basic nutritional needs. There will be no vegetarian/kosher/halal meals. You will have no cell phone coverage. There will be regular, armed, US Army personnel at this location. You are not to interact with anyone during your trip to and from the location since those you travel near may, or may not, have clearance.
Strict OPSEC will be observed during your preparations and departure. Again, this includes speaking in ANY way with ANY persons you meet who are traveling near you, who are fellow interns, etc., as they may not be going to the same destination as you, and may not have the same arrangements being made with them.
The second sheet of paper in this envelope contains physical fitness training information and goals. Pay close attention to the directions. Re-read this paper 3 times, slowly, carefully, to ensure you have read and understood all the instructions it contains. You will hand back this paper so you must remember it.
The third piece of paper contains a code. This code is your personal identification number. It will appear on all further correspondence sent to you. Memorize this number. It will be important later.
The fourth sheet of paper shows how much you will be paid. This is not a joke. Do not communicate any of this information to the person handing you this document, or to ANY OTHER PERSON WHATSOEVER. Do not express surprise beyond a simple smile or frown. If you feel the amount is unfair to you, please call the number you were originally given to set up an exit from this agreement and a proper close-down of your security clearances.
Please open the other envelope and look at the additional sheets of paper now.
After READING continue with below paragraphs.
We remind you of your NDA and security instructions. Your security clearance does not allow you to discuss this situation in ANY WAY AT ALL. If asked, play it down and say you're going on a boring boat trip to catalog marine life, and you don't know much, then change the subject. Failure to comply with secrecy rules concerning this internship WILL result in fines and felony prison time.
Please re-read this note 3 or more times, start to finish. There is no rush.
Sign here if you agree to these terms: ____________________________________
Put all pieces of paper back into the envelope.
Seal the envelope with the special sealing tape provided.
Hand it back to the person who gave it to you.
-------
The next sheet of paper had physical training directions:
Your acceptance into this program presumes conditional completion of a significant program of physical fitness training before departure. The internship will involve significant physical strength and endurance. Completing this physical training will enable you to better and less strenuously complete the tasks assigned. Not completing the strength training might cause you to put yourself or others in danger of physical harm. Attentive, solid preparation work should make your time far more tolerable / enjoyable.
Your training program will include 4 elements:
. Physical fitness weight training, coupled with cardio endurance training.
. Skills training to enhance coordination. You have the choice between Aikido, Yoga, or both.
. Cooking and nutrition classes ensuring you know how to cook raw foods in a healthy way. You will not be able to gain strength and aerobic capacity without sufficient nutrition.
. A set of optional but important supplementary activities that are not required but will assist you.
The supplementary activities are as follows. Please remember these. This list will not be repeated anywhere else.
Piano lessons
Learn to move each finger and toe individually. This is difficult, we understand. It is not vital. But, just attempting this activity has been shown to increase brain function relating to manual dexterity.
Ensure you know how to whistle in several ways, both normally and loudly using fingers. No skill is required, just rough ability.
Keigel exercises (both men and women). These prevent hernias (due to weight lifting), enable delaying urination, and enhance brain function of infrequently-accessed muscle groups.
Voice lessons. Focus on the breathing techniques, holding your ribcage out while inhaling and exhaling.
Again, this list: Voice, toes, piano, whistles, keigels.
Failure to complete training programs may result in disqualification or less desirable task assignments. Thus we advise keeping to your schedule. Any injuries you sustain can be worked around by your physical trainer. Cheating will not help: taking performance-enhancing drugs or illegal drugs are grounds for dismissal from this program. You will be regularly tested for these and other things, and each set of directly-witnessed samples will include a comprehensive analysis including a DNA scan to ensure it is yours alone.
There is a blank post-it-note pad on the desk. You may use it to copy this list if you need to: Voice, toes, piano, whistles, kegels. DO NOT FORGET THIS LIST. While it is optional, it is desired that you work on these skills.
You will receive a debit card. You can use it to charge any and all fees relating to physical fitness trainers, gym memberships, music teachers, and a reasonable allotment for workout clothing and equipment. A high quality digital piano (easy to fold and move) and headphones will be shipped to you in the next 2 weeks.
Those wishing to substitute flute, clarinet, guitar, or other small musical instrument can do so since each of these requires manual dexterity and musical training sufficient to enhance innate related abilities.
---
To say I was surprised was an understatement. The time required before leaving was going to be significant, between working out, skills, music lessons and practice, and, of all things, Kegel exercises. The pay had better be worth it, I thought.
The third piece of paper was a code, I'd already seen it on a previous packet's address label. It said, simply, "DUB3D26".
Finally, the fourth sheet of paper was financial info, with lots of numbers in columns, with a bunch of rules at the bottom:
First, it listed my outstanding debts -- student loans and credit card debt. I'd paid off my car, a clunker, so I didn't have a loan there. It totaled up to $410,411.83, which was about what I figured it was. Under that, it listed:
Internship Payment: Complete debt forgiveness and repayment, and an additional $1,090,589.17. Total remuneration shall total $1,500,000 ("One Million, 500 thousand") US Dollars. This amount will be paid in monthly installments totaling $150,000 per year until the total is reached. This payment will be made from a trust fund invested in US government securities and thus is tax free income.
Revealing to anyone, even your own attorney, where this money came from shall be considered a security violation, may result in forfeiture of the remaining portion, fines, prison time, sequestration to a foreign government military or civilian prison, or some combination of these.
My eyes watered, but I held it together and attempted to not show emotion. A Million Five!!! OMG!!!
I kept reading:
You shall not be charged for anything relating to this internship, so there will be no deductions from the above amount. Partial completion of the internship may result in a small payment at the discretion of the internship organizers, but provisions for early return are nontrivial and will not be granted beforehand.
During the lead-up time before your internship, as mentioned, you will be given a debit card to pay for training and other expenses.
Additionally, you will be paid, directly into your bank account, an additional salary to compensate you for your time and hard work preparing for this internship. If you are living with a roommate or family, this amount will be $1000 per month. If you are living in an apartment on your own, the amount will be $3000 per month. For OPSEC reasons, you are forbidden to discuss this salary with anyone, and if you do not have a bank account that is only in your name, you will need to set that up. You may reveal you are receiving a salary as a sign-on bonus, but not the exact nature of it, nor any further details.
Ethics Clause: This agreement has an ethics requirement.
Obviously, you are prohibited from using the debit card for non-authorized purchases.
Drinking to excess in the presence of others is prohibited since you might be tempted to say things you should not say.
You are prohibited from having any dating or intimate relationships during the lead up to this internship. This is to keep your attention on training, to decrease temptations to violate OPSEC, and to assist security clearance personnel by having fewer people to interview.
Any accidental situation that violates these rules must be written up in detail, including dates/times of interactions, names, addresses, etc., and submitted when requested.
Your social media feeds must be as silent as possible without raising suspicions.
Your adherence to these requirements will be randomly tested by persons known or unknown to you, electronic monitoring, and other information-gathering means.
Persons found to have willfully violated the above clauses may be subjected to the loss of the internship position, a requirement to repay misused funds if applicable, having friends and relatives subpoenaed to testify in grand jury proceedings, and/or possible Federal prosecution.
We look forward to working with you. We hope this compensation proves adequate to the workload and sacrifices being asked of you.
-------
So, I thought, the hassle factor was big. But, the money was, too. So, they wanted a lot, but they were willing to pay a lot. The $3k a month would come in very, very, very handy, I thought. I could pay down some debt immediately, find a place to live, and even update my t-shirt-based wardrobe a little! Of course, I'd be working my ass off at the gym and apparently behind a piano keyboard.
The prohibition on relationships wouldn't bother me; I had a dry spell going already and I'd be too busy anyway.
Of course, I decided to accept the offer. Functionally, I'd be getting $1.5M for a bit over a year's work (lead up to the internship plus the time I'm there). There's no way I'd make anywhere close to that much as a geologist or any kind of trained scientist.
Signing as indicated, I repackaged the papers (I could keep none of them) and handed it back to her. It had raised more questions than it answered, but I had some assurance that I had just obtained a Top Secret / SCI clearance.
She said:
"The following is the only info I have for you. Do NOT ask me questions, I can't answer them."
I nodded, so she went on:
"Your security clearances are sufficient so far. You have been granted a clearance level of Secret. Your Top-Secret TS-SCI clearance is in process and will be completed without further notice to you. Any additional clearances you acquire will be briefed to you after you arrive."
"Your tentative departure date will be May 20th. You will receive travel documents about May 1st. Travel will include a stay at a hotel next to your departure airport for at least 2 nights. If you decide to check into that hotel early, it is up to you. These hotel costs are your responsibility. You may write these dates down now if you wish."
There was a paper and pen on the desk. I shook my head no, I could remember that. She continued:
"We take OPSEC very seriously. We occasionally test individuals by having undercover FBI or others ask questions of the person being tested, or their associates. The security procedures have been explained, and are easy to understand. Do Not Talk About This Internship. Just answer any normal inquiries by saying it's boring and change the subject."
"Do you understand these instructions, or shall I read them again?"
She paused and looked at me.
I said, "I understand."
She took her sheet of paper, took a lighter from her pocket, and lit the corner of the paper. It disappeared quickly in a poof. I smiled; I'd heard about flash paper but never seen it.
She asked, "If you have any further questions, you may write them on the paper in front of you and someone can communicate the answers to you later."
I cleared my throat, still in a little bit of shock from the number they had just quoted to me, "No, I'm good. No questions."
She said, "Then, we're done." She motioned to the door. Suddenly, I was done. I left.
Phoning Home
Knowing I was going away for a while, I knew I had to tell my mother something. She always wanted to know what was up in my life. I didn't want to screw up anything, so I gave her the cover story. I left out the signing bonus money, and only said, "I got a short-term internship thing for next summer, cataloging marine life on a ship. It sounds boring and all that, but it's work, and they pay over $24/hour, which will let me pay down my student loan debt a bit."
She accepted this and besides asking questions I honestly didn't know the answers to, we moved on and she talked about what she was doing for the UMW church rummage sale.
Hurry Up and Wait
Starting about a week later, I had a set of deliveries and Fed-Ex shipments. A high-end digital piano, computer, headphones, piano-lesson programs, a sweet high-end Garmin running watch, a full weight set, jump rope, and literally tons of other equipment.
The debit card arrived by mail, and a week later, my bank account grew nicely. I was already in an apartment alone, so I got the full $3k. I wondered how they'd know where I was staying, but given they knew lots about me anyway, I figured they just would know if I moved without my telling them.
One of the packages had more info in it -- the gym membership and names of the two trainers, an upcoming appointment at a lady's house who did culinary and nutritional training, and a set of martial arts schools and yoga studios from which I could pick.
The surprise they threw at me was my wisdom teeth. Apparently, my earlier medical exams had shown my wisdom teeth needed to come out at some point. They wanted me to use their dentist (for free, nice!) so I could have it done immediately and not interrupt my workout schedule later on. I called, and 3 days later I was waking up with the odd, disconnected, mouth-full-of-cotton experience that lots of my friends had described.
A home-care nurse even drove me home and made sure I was safe there!
As I recovered from the oral surgery, I set up things with the physical trainers. They had me working out functionally 3 times a day: a 30-minute run in the morning, another hour of weight-lifting in the early afternoon, and then either Yoga or Akido in early evening. I told them I was going on a scientific expedition on a boat and I'd have to be doing lots of lifting and jumping around and stuff, so I had to be physically ready for the work. They bought it, of course; as long as they were paid it didn't matter.
With the guidance of the nutritionist, I started eating a lot more salads, stir-fry, raw fruit, etc. I thought I'd be hungry all the time, but she said I could eat as much as I wanted from off of the good-stuff list, so I did. I ate like a horse. I was constantly munching -- on carrots, broccoli, cauliflower, whatever I felt like grabbing off my countertop. I had no other job, so I read novels and did workouts and ate. It was a simple existence.
For a while, I gained muscle mass at the same rate I dropped extra fat, so my weight didn't change, but my appearance did. Plus, my personal bests for running and weights improved steadily, and I felt better than I ever had before. The instructors knew their stuff! Even the yoga (which I'd never taken before and which was more appealing than Aikido) let me center myself and relax more at night.
Months passed.
Every 2 weeks, I had to give samples and see their doctor, which was a small hassle as he got blood, hair, 'directly witnessed' urine samples, and even stool samples if I could manage it. It was the same doctor every time, in a small storefront doctor's office. He also had to ask the same stupid questions every time, like 'anything new in my life?' and 'how's the training coming?' questions. I told him, just fine, nothing new. Really, nothing was. I kept to myself, and all the working out made my life difficult but very predictable. I got to really like the routine. The extra money was nice, too.
About April 1st, I got a delivery by courier. It was a set of boxes containing 12 large, green canvas, cylindrical 'US ARMY'-printed duffle bags, and a vacuum packing apparatus that was supposed to shrink it all down. The instructions included a list of what to pack in them, how to pack tightly using the vacuum bags, that I should pick specific types of both cold and hot weather gear. The funny part was where it told me I had to be very, very practical and not pack formalwear or frilly things (I laughed at the frilly things comment, I'm straight so I didn't have any of that).
The clothing list was pretty mundane -- 2 weeks (14) of socks/underwear/pants/shirts... everything else, then good binoculars, a compass, and all manner of hiking gear. None of it was allowed to be electronic, though. Nothing battery powered or solar powered was allowed. I was not to wear or bring bras with an underwire or any other kind of metal component, which was funny as I pictured myself in drag slogging through a jungle.
I didn't know it'd be a jungle, but it was fun to imagine.
I really liked the part where I got to buy shoes, because from previous hiking I knew which brands were the best for high-end hiking boots. Of course, the various kinds of shoes made it sound like I'd be in lots of different kinds of environments at the same time, so who knew what it'd really be like. They also wanted me to have 10 pairs of different kinds of sunglasses, a 'wide assortment of styles' they said. I decided to keep it normal and not get any kind of oddball costume-party ones, just different ones from all over. It was an amusing thing to try them on and guess whether I'd be undercover or something where I was going. Like, undercover, in the jungle, in jeans and a sweatshirt.
Not all of the clothing combinations made sense, but then again, when they say, buy the stuff, you buy the stuff.
We had space designated for 'books and intellectual /entertainment materials', so I put in a couple of giant, thick, crossword-puzzle compendiums I got online. All of it went into the bags exactly as it described, rolled up and tightly packed with no open spaces. Onto each bag I attached a destination tag with the name 'A. Johnson', my 'code' I'd been taught was my 'registration number' of DUB3D26, and an APO address in Omaha.
The courier service came and picked it all up the day after I called.
Emotional Context
I should mention my girlfriend at some point. Part of the reason I was doing the internship was because she'd broken up with me. The breakup had happened in September, a month before I saw the internship ad. She wrote me a letter, postmarked Cincinnati, that she'd found a job far away, that I was scum for what I'd done, and she never wanted to hear from me again. We had been dating for over a year, and I really loved her.
I didn't know why she thought that I'd cheated. I was really upset. Of course, I would never have cheated on her. I had a hard enough time finding someone smart and interesting in the first place to risk that. But, she'd been acting strangely for a bit before she left anyway, asking me questions about where I'd been, calling me at odd times, texting me and complaining if I didn't respond quickly, and all that.
Sometimes, in my apartment relaxing in the evening, or maybe during yoga 'meditation', I thought about her, and us. I had to conclude that if she was so easily convinced I'd cheated when I knew I hadn't, then I'd probably dodged a bullet by getting out of a relationship with a crazy person. Still, it wasn't fun to contemplate; I always overthought my romances and this was no exception.
Departure
Knowing you're leaving makes for simple choices. In January, I started moving boxes of stuff out of my apartment and into a self-storage unit nearby, so I had a simpler environment around me. I had a lot of books, which is odd because I remembered everything I'd read, but there were a lot of them I'd bought but never actually opened. Plus, it took me a while to read them -- I could put it all into my memory at once, but I didn't understand it until I spent some time thinking about the content.
Near the time I'd gotten the duffel bags, they also shipped me a (nondescript, medium-sized) carry-on backpack. They said I had to pack it with an exact set of things - 6 pairs underwear, 6 bra's if needed, 6 t-shirts, one pair of jeans, a variety of novels and reading material, soap/shaving kit/toothbrush/paste/tampons/pads, but no makeup or sharp tools, and absolutely no electronics whatsoever, not even a cellphone or charger. The rest of the space I could use to bring some small other things within TSA guidelines. There were lots of rules. I had to be able to bring it on the plane with me. I could not bring a purse, tote, or anything else. No other bags would be allowed, just the one backpack.
Apartment-departure day meant moving the last stuff to storage, turning in my apartment key (mail forwarded to my Mom's address), and going to the storage locker place to park my car with everything in it. I even had to leave my cell phone behind. I felt utterly naked! Walking out, I caught a taxi to the airport and checked into the airport Hilton, right on the airport grounds across from the terminal. I was there with 4 days to spare, but I didn't want any last-minute complications.
Four days meant lots of time to watch TV, read a novel, and eat unhealthy room service food. The hotel had a nice swimming pool, weight room, and treadmill, so I kept up my workout schedule. It didn't feel right doing yoga without Bari, the almost-elderly lady who had taught me yoga and meditation techniques and who I noticed frequently stared at my body with some degree of either appreciation or lust. She was fun, but I wasn't going to mess up my ethics clause.
Finally, in the insane dark-thirty, I walked over to the terminal and caught my plane to Seattle. That's all I knew about where I was going.
Plane Arrival
Arriving at Seattle-Tacoma "SeaTac", I had a simple set of Must-Do instructions: Eat, bathroom, and then "insurance".
That is, I was supposed to eat a HUGE meal - utterly gorge myself (their words) at any convenient SeaTac restaurant or food court, right after I arrived. Food SHOULD be unhealthy and overstuffed -- the next travel leg might not have food service for a while, so I did as ordered and went to town on high-fat high-protein stuff.
I knew from hiking, sugar was the enemy of staying sated for long. On the plus side, that inspired me to use my debit card to fill most of my available backpack space with trail mix (allowed) and candy bars (allowed, but not usually my style).
After that, they insisted I MUST use a restroom for numbers 1 AND 2, whether I wanted to or not.
Departing the restroom, I followed their instructions and went to the baggage claim area to find the 'travel insurance' kiosk. It was easy to find; a very stern looking but somewhat sickly-looking elderly man with a crew cut said, 'Can I help you?'
I answered in the scripted reply, "Just wondering, how much does it cost to insure a pet?"
He replied, "Ah, yes. We'll get you that answer. Hold on." He pinched his belt and said into his headset microphone, "One, B-12." (I could see we were in baggage claim 12)
It was a crappy headset. I could overhear - it said, "Okay. 3 minutes, Red."
Turning to me, he said, "Your ride is an older red minivan at the curb outside."
I nodded, thanked him, and went outside and waited. Sure enough, in a minute or two, up pulled a dark-red Honda Odyssey minivan, side door opening automatically for me. Two people were already inside; the driver said, "Back seat, we'll be full."
I got in, filling up the backseat row, and the door auto-closed right behind me.
We drove off, and he pulled the van back into traffic, circled around the parking area, and then into a waiting/loading area and parked, engine running.
I nodded, and looked at the other people in the van with me. Both were girls, or women I should say, whatever, a bit older than me maybe, with the same kind of backpack I had. Both were reading novels, waiting. I got out my novel again and settled in.
About 10 minutes later we were full up, 6 of us plus the driver.
We didn't get far; about 5 minutes away from the airport, he pulled into an industrial area, and then up to a loading dock area under a large tent. There were 6 school buses there, lined up in parallel, with drivers in them, waiting. As we pulled up right next to the first bus, we stepped out of the van and right up onto the first bus, which was about half full. Everyone was in the back. Of course, the driver said, "Go to the back. When we're full, we'll go."
Filling up the bus didn't take but another couple of minutes. A procession of minivans, cars, limos, and trucks all pulled up, dropped people off, and sped off again. Once our school bus was full, the driver shifted into gear and we got back on the highway. The bus's windows were really dark-tinted, but we could see out just fine. This was turning out to be a larger internship program than I thought it might be, at least several hundred people.
Everyone in the bus was about my age, 19 to 25 or so, I guessed, which is pretty much what I expected. The unexpected part was the gender ratio. There were only a couple of guys, and all the rest were women. Almost everyone (both genders) had shorter hairstyles - shoulder-length or less. These were practical haircuts, none of the fancy long-ponytails, braids, buns, or other vanity-driven hairstyles. I'd seen the directives about appearance, but mostly didn't have to worry since most of them didn't apply to me, especially the 'short fingernails', 'no fingernail polish', 'no watches, jewelry, earrings, studs or metal of any kind', and even 'no other piercings whatsoever'.
I wasn't exactly the piercings kind of guy, but having to leave my running watch behind made me feel naked.
Our bus drove steadily through morning traffic for about a half hour, giving us a sightseeing tour of... boring interstate! Eventually, we got off at the exit marked, 'Joint Base McChord', south of Tacoma. There were a fair number of school buses queued to get past the guard gate in front of us, and I could see more of them behind us. As we pulled up through the gate (without really stopping), we passed big concrete barricades and some serious-looking MP's, unconcerned with us but making the one car that had pulled up between us pull out and turn around.
Our procession of buses all drove through an on-base but deserted industrial district with one- or two-story nondescript military buildings. Finally, winding though and passing buses going the other way, we pulled into a giant outdoor tent attached to a large set of warehouse structures. As our bus pulled in, MP's waved the driver to stop and we picked up and filed off. All around us, the other buses were also offloading people and driving onwards, who knows where, and more buses were pulling in.
The tent we'd pulled under was huge and kept going for a long way -- there were a lot of people getting here all at the same time. This internship was even bigger than I'd thought, and getting bigger as we went.
Everyone had to walk into an open warehouse door, and then down a long blank corridor. The walls were curtained off to prevent us seeing in windows or something. Everything was covered in heavy black industrial-looking curtains, making our path a single corridor with nowhere to go but straight on and following the curves and turns of the hallways.
After several hundred meters, we exited the building into another sealed set of giant outdoor tents over parking lot space and into another warehouse, again following a serpentine path. As we walked, some other hallways converged with ours, merging in more people and mostly filling up the hallway with people, though we were still able to walk at a close-to-normal speed.
Alternating tents and buildings (airplane hangar, warehouse, hangar, etc), we came out into another large open warehouse-looking space, an obvious 'destination'.
This expansive open space was filled with long but moving queues of people waiting to go through sets of security checkpoints. Other doors next to the one I came in had other incoming streams of people, but it was obvious where we were all headed.
Scattered throughout this space, and especially up front, were lots of big garbage cans, with signs on them, all shouting the same message: "YOU ARE ALLOWED THE ONE STANDARD-ISSUE SPECIFIED BACKPACK WITH SPECIFIED CONTENTS. NO OTHER LUGGAGE OR ITEMS ARE ALLOWED. PUT TRASH / UNNEEDED / EXTRA ITEMS IN GARBAGE. ABSOLUTELY NO ELECTRIC OR ELECTRONIC ITEMS ALLOWED, EVEN WATCHES."
I saw some people throwing empty water bottles in the trash cans. Up near the front were three garbage trucks, parked with their backs open to us. One girl, being escorted by a guard, walked up to the garbage truck pulling a super-large rolling suitcase. Reluctantly and with some effort, she heaved it into the back of the garbage truck. The MP standing there, a gentleman so elderly as to be surprising he was standing up (much less wearing an MP uniform), triggered it and the scooper came down and pulled away her bag, full of whatever valuables she had intended to bring with her. I figured the old guy was there because it shamed the people into lifting their own luggage.
Watching this scene was about the only thing to do for about 15 minutes while we stood in line and gradually shuffled forward to the TSA-like security checkpoints at the front.
Each checkpoint line had a giant sign overhead, and as we walked forward people started putting pocket-change, belts, keys, and whatever else they had in their pockets into their backpacks. The sign authoritatively read:
DEPT. OF DEFENSE SECURE ZONE RULES APPLY.
NO CELL PHONES OR OTHER ELECTRONICS.
IF IT USES ELECTRICITY IT IS NOT ALLOWED.
NO FIREARMS OR AMMUNITION.
PUT BRAS CONTAINING METAL CLASPS OR UNDERWIRES IN YOUR BACKPACK.
NO LIVE ANIMALS.
BACKPACKS WILL BE SUBJECTED TO LETHAL RADIATION.
PLACE SHOES, WALLET/BANKCARDS, AND ALL OBJECTS CONTAINING METAL INTO YOUR BACKPACK OR THE BIN.
USE OF DEADLY FORCE TO ENFORCE THESE RULES IS AUTHORIZED.
Searching myself completely, I followed what everyone else was doing and put my spare pocket change into my backpack and took off my shoes. There had been a directive in the instructions about underwire bras, but I still saw a bunch of girls taking off their bras through their arm-holes while keeping their shirts on, which I always thought was a neat trick.
The first stage was the x-ray machine next to the metal detector. Signs told us to put our shoes in the tote-bin with our backpacks so we knew which backpack was ours. I liked the system, but I still put my shoes upside down to be more unique.
Parallel to our path and behind some plexiglass, the bins with our backpacks and other things flowed down a conveyor belt. Some of the backpacks were being dug through by the security people, and what looked like curling irons, alarm clocks, or whatever, were being extracted, thrown out, and re-x-rayed. Once in a while, when a backpack was rejected, someone would shout loudly back towards the lines of people, "NO CELLPHONES OR ELECTRONICS. IF IT USES ELECTRICITY THROW IT OUT."
After that, we queued for one of the brand-new versions of the whole-body scanners. This wouldn't have been interesting, but looking over at the next security line I happened to see around a barrier at what they were doing looking at that scanner's pictures. There, 3 matronly-looking older ladies were looking at the scanner's video feed, which showed a beautifully clear image in false-color of the person in the scanner -- Naked! The scanner looked through all the clothes as if they weren't there. I realized the ladies might be looking at me, but then I laughed inside because each of them had to be at least 70 years old. They'd get a thrill for a minute and then it'd be on to the next person.
After the scanner, I had to put my hand on a handprint scanner and tilt my eye into an eyecup for a retinal scan at the same time. When the machine beeped, we held out our right arm and an odd device spritzed the back of our hands with a barcode with our ID code below it.
It occurred to me at that point that almost everyone that was staffing this process was really elderly, and most were women. Some of them didn't look so good, like they were cancer patients or something. But, they processed us completely and efficiently.
After the handprint/eye scanner and barcoding, we walked around a corner and through a large cabinet / machine where we opened a door, the machine hummed and popped once, and then it let us out the other side. The only writing on the equipment was a logo for a company named 'TRW' and a set of three 8-digit numbers. I figured it was probably some kind of new classified scanner or something.
At that point, the bins with backpacks came into view again. A conveyor belt brought them forward towards another industrial-refrigerator-sized device. The lady in front would pull up the door, slide in the bin, close the door, and press a button. We'd hear a loud, "POP" sound, she'd open the door, pull it out, and push it towards whoever was waiting. No doubt, it was the lethal radiation part.
One of the bags, after it went in the fridge-sized device, instead of making a 'pop', it made a low "Boom" sound, and a small alarm went off. The lady shouted to us, "We said no electronics, including lithium batteries. You have some scorched clothes in there now."
I figured the chances of sneaking in a cellphone were asymptotically approaching zero.
Once we had our backpacks back, we put on our jackets, shoes, and belts and shuffled forwards through another doorway. Over that door was a sign that said, "Commit Point / point of no return / no exit from here until destination / ask guard if exit needed."
We all walked forwards.
Becoming Cargo
Through the commit-point door was another open room with a set of tall chain-link fences set up to make a corridor to walk down. The fences were covered in a thick material, and another set was immediately behind it, so there was no way of seeing beyond.
The home-store-height ceiling felt open, but we couldn't hear anything due to multiple jarringly different radio stations' music blasting from just behind the fences. After about 100 meters and a couple of turns, we came to a set of branch corridors. Down each branch, there was a set of huge set of handprint scanners and a hole in the curtain next to them. It turned out, they were armholes. The signs read:
NO TALKING. AT ALL. TO ANYONE.
UTTER SILENCE. WE MEAN IT.
Put hand on scanner.
Wait for green and beep.
Put arm through armhole.
Wait calmly, arm will be held and blood will be drawn. Only hurts a minute.
If you faint, try again.
Hand will be stamped.
Show hand stamp to next guard.
It went incredibly fast, maybe 2 minutes and I was done. Whoever they had taking blood, they were fast. There were lots of armholes, so the line moved along at a clip. The hand stamp was a second barcode spray-printed onto my hand. At the end of the area was a set of 6 people next to turnstyles with hand scanners, checking barcodes and letting people through who had them.
We walked another 100 meters and trudged out to find a cordoned line of people, slowly moving forwards towards a large open space ahead of us. First up, we saw a greeting sign:
OPSEC requires us to get you to your destination secretly.
This means a short trip in a well-appointed shipping container.
Air conditioning, food, water, and toilets are in containers.
Instruction manual is next to microwaves.
This made sense then, why they were putting us through this travel mode. Given the number of people involved (at least from what I saw in line with us), there had to be some trick to getting lots of people to a place without anyone knowing about our destination.
Past this first sign, we had to go through a turnstile and into the wider area. I figured the reason for that was to ensure that people had time to read the first sign.
After that, we were in an open space with paint on the floor to make a set of rectangular grids, each 3 spaces wide by 6 deep. People were filling in the closest grid. The sign ahead of us then made sense:
READ THIS ** WHOLE SIGN TWICE** BEFORE MOVING FORWARD.
NO TALKING!
PUT BACKPACK ON OVER BOTH SHOULDERS NOW
DIVIDE INTO GROUPS OF 18 PEOPLE.
FLOOR IS PAINTED, ONE PERSON PER SQUARE, 18 SQUARES!
ONCE HAVE GROUP OF 18, COUNT AGAIN!
ONCE CERTAIN, HOLD HANDS SIDE-SIDE.
PROCEED TO AN EMPTY DOCK - WALK IN FORMATION
NO TALKING! AT ALL!
ONCE AT DOCK, WAIT. KEEP HOLDING HANDS.
DOCK WILL OPEN. LOOK AT CONTAINER.
FIRST PERSON OPENS CONTAINER.
CONTAINER LOCK: LIFT LEVER ON LEFT SIDE OF DOOR, PULL.
EACH PERSON TAKES ONE FLASHLIGHT FROM BOX. PUT IN POCKET.
PROCEED INTO YOUR CONTAINER QUICKLY, ALL THE WAY IN, Keep Walking!
SILENCE IN THE CONTAINER!
ENSURE YOU HAVE 18 PEOPLE, COUNT OFF.
DO THIS EFFICIENTLY! CORRECTLY! QUICKLY!
SURE of count - LAST person pulls DOOR SHUT + shouts, "ALL IN CLOSE DOOR"
Door will be latched from outside. Watch Your Fingers!
SILENCE IN THE CONTAINER!
Hold on! Truck will start moving almost immediately!
Continue OPSEC while in transit!
INSTRUCTIONS FOR CONTAINER ARE IN MICROWAVE.
SILENCE IN THE CONTAINER!
You will be told at destination when OPSEC no longer required.
SILENCE IN THE CONTAINER!
I paused and read the sign, as everyone around me was doing.
I wasn't really in a rush, some people were, but I didn't see the point of it, it took as long as it took. Yoga lessons taught me something.
We all did as instructed, lined up, held hands, moved forwards, found a bay, and waited. About 5 minutes later, our bay garage-door opened and a container was right in front of us. The lead girl went up, opened the door, and we all filed in as instructed. At the entrance we had to duck through a gap between two heavy black curtains, but we came into a dimly lit bunk room space.
Once we were all inside, I heard a commotion behind me, and the last person yelled, "COUNT OFF!" We did, got to 18, and they yelled again, "COUNT OFF AGAIN!". This was silly, we'd seen everyone get in and been very sure of it all, but apparently they were taking no chances on the counts. Getting to 18 again, the last person yelled out the back, "ALL IN CLOSE DOOR".
One of the MP's had been walking around outside the container, watching us enter. We heard her say loudly, "ALL IN, CLOSING DOOR. WATCH YOUR FINGERS."
The door creaked shut, banged a bit, and then we heard the latches locking.
Container Life
Someone flicked the big switch on the wall labeled, "LIGHTS" and the overhead lights came on full so we could see what was around us.
We had walked in between bunks on either wall, 3 bunks high, end-to-end into the container. That, functionally, was 20+ feet of our container, a big part of the 53-foot length. At the end, near where I'd come to a stop, was a pair of big TVs on a stand, faced opposite directions, in a small center space. Next to the TVs were 2 microwaves, one above another, and an electrical circuit breaker box that led from them up to a 'Tesla Powerwall' mounted on the ceiling next to a whole bunch of other cages full of boxes.
Beyond the TVs were some cabinets and a full-size high-end stainless-steel fridge (crammed full, we later found). Almost all the space was filled, allowing only a narrow passageway to the port-o-lets at the 'front'. The ceiling cages didn't just hold boxes, we saw, they also had big bottles of water. Some of the larger boxes were marked 'MRE 50 CNT".
Against the end wall was a pair of portable toilet booths. Above the port-o-lets was an air conditioning unit that was blowing cool air at us in a slight breeze.
This wasn't a typical shipping container. It was a tight fit for everyone, and volumetrically it was pretty full up.
Oddly, it was pretty quiet. All the surfaces (walls, floor, and ceiling) were covered in a thick gray-shag carpet.
The TVs in the center were mounted back-to-back on a storage unit so they were chest-height, and were in an open-space so people could sit in 'front', either direction. Above and around them were built-in and wired some BluRay players, and another set of boxes labeled, "US Army / USO / DVD Dense-Pack / ASSORTED RANDOM / 2000 CNT". That sounded good to me. We probably wouldn't be bored.
Quickly, everyone decided to choose a bunk; middle from front-back view and against the ceiling. I was just putting my pack up there when the whole container jerked and we started moving. Happily, I was holding on. I heard some 'Oof!' and "Aggh!" sounds from someone as they fell, but we mostly stayed quiet as directed by the signs.
The truck hauling our container made some noise, and even smelled like old-style diesel fumes, decreasingly common as more and more trucks were silent electrics.
The ride wasn't designed for comfort, and at first, it didn't seem remotely possible to get up, lie down, or really do anything but hold on while the container was moving. We had to stand with legs bent, holding on, trying to cope with the constant hard, jarring road bumps. Left turn, right turn, bump, bump, bump; stop, wait, go, stop, left, right, highway speed, change lanes, all that was pretty obvious to us even without being able to see outside.
Standing there with everyone else, swaying with the erratic movement, it really came to me with a stark realization that I was mostly surrounded by women. Sure, it's one thing to be on a bus or in line, but with bunks, it was starting to really sink in that (barring some serious oddity of the way we were arriving) I would might be mostly around women for the whole 7 months.
Taking time to notice this, and being in closer proximity, I saw a similarity - we were all very athletic looking. In my case (besides being a distance runner anyway), I'd had 6 months of seriously difficult physical training, aerobics, weight training, and the like. I'd gained some muscle mass and eating right meant I'd shed anything resembling flab, getting some decent definition in my muscle groups.
These women were in a similar situation, it looked like. No one in our container would have been considered even by snobs as overweight, or even underweight for that matter. Sure, some were shorter or taller, but almost all of us were moving as if we were quite capable of handling any bouncing that this container could throw at us.
The quarters were pretty tight. A girl was standing next to me and intermittently bumping up against me with her left boob and sometimes shoulder. I looked over; she seemed to be ignoring me. We were all trying to ignore it, I decided, looking around. Looking again, I saw her look back and smile thinly, tight lips, a businesslike expression. Smiling back the same way, I realized this probably wasn't any more comfortable for her than me. We were space-constrained, there was no avoiding it for anyone.
After about 20 minutes of this, some people started to climb into their bunks despite the jarring, but they quickly found themselves nearly airborne when we went over a bump so they got out again.
Finally, we slowed down to stop and go motions, and we heard shouting from outside the container. More diesel exhaust smell came through the A/C.
Someone outside shouted, "It's down a level. Get Ed on the 2-9...." We heard him talking more quietly, over a walkie-talkie, "That's a block C. Gotta all go together. Stack powered perishable....", then, "Oh, yeah. Animals. Right. Very perishable."
We looked at each other, silently, not moving. The instructions on being quiet were very, very clear.
While we were stopped, we shifted around where we were standing a little, reasonably assured we weren't going to be jarred quite so violently.
As we rearranged a bit, the oddity of the situation started to sink in. We were in a friggin' shipping container. We were going to an unknown destination. We might find ourselves in dangerous situations, in harsh environments, like they'd said, having to do brain work of some kind, under pressure. I figured there was brain work involved based on the tests they put me through.
But, all things considered, it wasn't so bad to be cooped up a little. At the end, when we got there, I was going to make an insane amount of money, probably doing something mentally and physically interesting if not outright difficult. Plus, I'd be doing it for the government, which meant it must be in some way important, given the expenses they were pouring into this thing.
But, also, it hit me, based on these demographics, I would be in close quarters with lots of attractive women. Combining this with rules against fraternization and sexual harassment meant a situation ripe with danger. I would have to be on my watch for any tendency to be overly familiar. I stiffened up a bit and decided to risk a whisper.
I leaned over the 6 inches to her ear and whispered very low "Sorry I'm bumping you.".
She nodded seriously and leaned in to my ear, saying, "Can't be helped."
She looked around and leaned in again, whispering so soft I could barely hear her. "Probably will be there soon."
She was more or less right. Another 10 minutes and we heard clangs and bangs, some on our own container, and then a jerk just slightly upwards. Some of the girls pantomimed, "Hold on" and finger up, "almost" and another finger up, "Going up".
More clangs, some waiting, and suddenly a loud whining sound and we accelerated up, swaying to one side as we swung. More whining led to swaying the other way, and downward acceleration, followed by a bang as we were set down, probably atop another container.
For the first time in a while, we had a feeling we were somewhat stable and unlikely to move for a while. People climbed up into their bunks to get away from each other, including the girl next to me.
I went up to the top bunk, moving my backpack to a ledge above where my feet were. The bed was made, with a pillow on it held down by a layer of thick plastic cling wrap. Around the room, we were all stripping our cling wrap off. One girl decided to collect it, and then located the garbage bags. We were all still being really silent.
My bed was narrower than a normal single bed. Only 2 feet of aisle separated me from the bed on the other side, so it made sense they had to be narrower.
Sets of clangs and bangs kept happening all around the outside of the container as more containers were piled above and on both sides of ours.
One of the girls went to the bathroom, and we heard exactly how much sound insulation there wasn't.
Another girl went to the microwaves and opened one, finding the promised 'sheet of instructions'.
We perked our ears up and shifted over so we could all hear her. She moved to the center aisle of the bunks, and we all shifted around so we could see her and hear clearly, which took a minute or two.
Seeing we were all settled, she started, in a stage whisper, "I'll just read it out loud. Here goes:"
This container is designed for 18 persons. It contains 2 weeks of provisions, or 4 weeks of minimal rations. Do NOT over-use your water!! This is your most vital resource. Drink sparingly, and only when you are quite thirsty. The toilet tanks are small and space must be preserved there also. If the toilets fill up, or if you encounter violent sea conditions, you should probably lock the sealing top down over the toilet bowl. In emergency situations, it is possible to drink your own urine, up to twice. Boiling urine in the microwave is possible but not advised as the odor might induce vomiting. Do not drink toilet tank water as it contains both a chemical disinfecting agent and otherwise poisonous fecal matter.
She made a face. I wasn't surprised; someone guffawed. She read the document; we all read it over and over later to try to discern any further clue as to what would happen next.
The 1st evening, a crewman will connect your container to ship's power. You will hear him doing so. BE VERY SILENT for this. Ship's power will enable you to have comfortable air conditioning and/or heating. Once hooked up, the light on your PowerWall will turn GREEN. If it does not do so for whatever reason within 1 day of being onboard ship, please shift the air conditioner setting to 'exchange fan only' to ensure continued fresh breathing air, and do your best to cope with any temperature variations. Even without power entirely and thus no fresh air circulation, there is enough air in your container to last 18 people almost 5 weeks, so you're safe from that perspective.
Again, BE VERY SILENT while the crew connects power cables!
Afterwards, pay close attention to staying as quiet as possible. Whispering only. No talking out loud. No coughing -- cough into a pillow. Your voices could carry and the ship's crew could discover you. Crew are not cleared on this operation. If you are discovered, you will probably be arrested as stowaways and you will forfeit any chance at future pay coming to you. You would also jeopardize the lives and financial well-being of your fellow interns. No help will be given to you from anyone if this occurs. So, police yourselves, listen to each other, and be careful.
The manufacturer of the microwaves has assured us this model is silent also; there is no beep on keypresses or after completion of cooking. If you have a microwave that makes any beeps at all, consider it defective and do NOT use it. Those beeps can be heard at a distance.
NEVER turn on the TV sound system. Repeat: NEVER TURN ON THE TV SOUND. It makes far too much noise. Find the case of rechargeable Bluetooth TV headphones.
Each top container corner has a tiny observation porthole. These enable viewing outside. While in a harbor, keep watch to ensure no crewmembers are nearby. No watch is needed outside of harbor, but some glances are a good idea.
Be tidy, respectful, move carefully, and be Quiet at All Times.
At the end of the voyage, you will be required to write confidential reports on your compatriots grading their attention to detail and observance of procedures.
ON ARRIVAL:
Engines will slow to half-speed ~ 4 hours before entering harbor. Start keeping watch - crew will unhook power cables. Quietly Pack Your Things! Tidy container well before docking.
You may bring along anything in the container you wish, as long as you can easily and quickly exit the container and carry it walking for 20 minutes.
Once unhooked, PowerWall changes from Green to Blue. Unloading will be less than 4 hours from docking. Unloading: crane lifts, transfers container to a truck, drives to secure location.
At the Secure Location, loud loud loud loudspeakers will give exit instructions. Your life will depend on following their simple instructions exactly and promptly. Your container will go into fumigation and then cold storage for several months until return trip preparations begin. If you remain aboard it you will assuredly die either from the fumigation poison gas or the cold, so exit promptly.
As you exit, help ensure containers near you are opened and people are exiting.
Your voyage should take at least 3 days and no more than 24, depending on your destination.
Safe Travels, and we look forward to working with you!
I looked at the faces around me. Besides myself, there was one other guy and 16 women in our container.
----------------------------------------------
We didn't have much else to do, so she read it again, start to finish. After that, most of us, having to be quiet until the ship's power guy came and went, went up and laid on our bunks to relax. It had been a pretty hectic couple of hours.
I lay back in my bunk and closed my eyes for a minute. The immediate stress was over. We had done what we were supposed to do. All that remained was being quiet and waiting until we got somewhere. Where, we didn't know.
I was pretty sure we'd have better accommodations at whatever 'facility' we went to than where we were. But, they'd said to be ready for rough conditions, it's why we had to do all that physical conditioning. Maybe we'd be on a mountainside, or swimming a lot, or even (my imagination went wild) in some secret rocket-powered space habitat.
The hiking boots made space unlikely.
I was sure they had useful tasks they wanted us to do for them, I just hoped it wasn't so dangerous I'd regret the trip.
Some of the girls were clustered around the viewports near each top corner to give us 360-degree views. What we couldn't do was change the fact that we were surrounded by other shipping containers that cut off our view of almost anything interesting. The girls said they could see a slice of ocean in one direction, so we weren't totally clueless.
I heard a small noise and looked down the aisle to see a girl bending over the TV area. She stopped, stood up, peeled off her T-shirt to reveal a jogging bra, and went back to doing what she was doing. I liked what I saw. She was medium height, blonde, really beautiful, with an hourglass figure and ponytail that bounced as she moved. As she leaned over the set, her very buxom front became obvious, even from the rear. I felt my eyebrows go up, and looked at the ceiling so I didn't have to look at her. That body, moving like that, was likely to turn me on, and I had no way of solving that problem in the enclosed space.
-----
Later that afternoon, we heard clanging as the crew came by and very, very muffled shouting. Our air-conditioning unit, which had been off since we were unhooked from the truck on the dock, turned back on, and made a fair bit of white noise.
The girls watching out the portholes made hand-signals (they developed this, it was funny) saw them and then indicated the crew was moving to the next stack and away.
Happily, once they were gone, we could make a little bit of noise, so there started to be more side conversations as people negotiated where their stuff was, what we were going to eat, etc. That turned out to be, obviously, MRE's.
I'd heard of MRE's before, but never had seen one up close. Covered in very thick black plastic, each packet had (according to the label) over 5000 calories of food in it. It tasted okay, but I couldn't finish all that food. Plus, there were snacks in the refrigerator of different types. My good diet went to hell quickly, with pouches with pudding, ice cream sandwiches, and even carrots and small peanut butter containers.
Setting sail was obvious by the fact that we started swaying side to side regularly but gently, and the ship's horn, a giant foghorn blast enough to wake the dead, sounded out in the night stillness. We were on our way.
All of us took turns looking out the portholes; we could only see a tiny sliver of sky, and lots of other containers around us.
Many Days at Sea
Settling in took a bit of time. We learned each other's first names and some basic things about each other. Some girls didn't want to say a single thing about themselves except their first names because of the OPSEC statements. Despite this, the rest of us pretty much decided we'd be okay sharing what colleges we were from and majors, on the presumption that's what we'd share with a stranger in a bar anyway. What emerged from this conversation, though, was that we were all pretty high achievers.
Everyone had at least an undergraduate, about half had a master's degree or were in a master's program. All of us ranged in age from 21 (except me, I was 20) to 24; all had gone to state schools or big-name private ones.
The exception was a gal that had gone to Liberty University for undergrad. She said she was a lot more liberal (religiously) than her undergrad friends, but it was what her mom & dad would pay for, at least until her Junior year. Then, they got divorced and the money stopped. Due to Liberty's isolated religious nature, lots of other colleges wouldn't let her transfer her credits in, saying her religion-filled curriculum wasn't a match for theirs. Transferring would mean throwing all her work so far. At graduation, she had lots of student loan debt, and almost no way to get a good-paying job to pay it back. Her only option became getting a master's in a good-paying STEM field, so she spent 3 years adding a Chemistry Master's from Rutgers and hoping for a good job at the end of it. When nothing came, she found this internship.
Most everyone had a financial situation like that. We didn't talk about how much we were getting for our internship, but we did all agree it was a lot, and thus we could pay off the massive student loan debt we all had.
The degrees we had were surprising to me in that most were somehow technical. We had a lot of biology, chemistry, mathematics, engineering, and relatively few social sciences, with only 2 liberal arts majors, one in German Literature and the other in Political Science. Based on my informal understanding of majors and gender distribution, it seemed pretty STEM-heavy as a mix.
The general geekiness of the group led to many discussions of Dr. Who and various anime series being superior, transcendent, or broadly applicable to current events even though they were made thus-and-such many years ago. Even the somewhat ancient 'Future Boy Conan' and 'Code Geass' series were deemed prescient in dealing with the nuclear attacks on Seoul and Chicago 5 years before, and whether it really was the correct ethical choice to burn Pyongyang's entire metro area down to bedrock slag-glass in five-times-over fiery retribution.
During my schooling, every once in a while, the attacks would come up in conversation -- where were you when you heard, all that. One of the guys I'd known in college had actually lost a cousin who lived in Wrigleyville and worked downtown. That kind of conversation was something people fell back on when people got bored. It always included speculation on where would be next, whether it had been another country trying to make it look like it was North Korea, and other conspiracy theories.
No one could know who did the bombs, but we all kind of accepted the history Congress laid out after we'd seen the footage of the North Korean artillery shelling the survivors in the nuclear blast rubble of Seoul. Whether they started doing that just because they figured a war had started so they needed to get in the fight, or whether they were ordered to, that fueled rumors for a long time.
Aside from these conversations, the rest of the time, the TV's were playing some movie or another. The headsets made it quiet (despite the flashing from the screen during explosions).
I got a lot of sleep, though I did get stiff. On the 2nd morning, one of the girls went around and said, "Yoga session if you want to." Of course, with nothing else to do and stiff joints, everyone joined in. I noticed at the start that the ship's gentle rolling wasn't what I'd practiced when balancing a natara jasana or vrik sasana.
Granted, we were tightly packed in with nowhere to go in terms of floor space, so we made do by being careful not to bump into (or lean on) our neighbors. That wasn't the complicating part for me, though. My problem was all the skin.
I don't object to being near scantily clad women, certainly. It's eye candy! But, when I'm close nearby, I have trouble not watching and staring and inhaling sharply when I see Very Nice Things.
We started the yoga just as we were, which was for everyone jeans and t-shirts since that's what the instructions said to wear to travel in. Once we tried the first stretch, though, everyone said stop and we all, to a one, stepped out of our jeans. It's pretty hard to do yoga in jeans. That left me in my boxers and a t-shirt, and everyone else in whatever color of underwear they chose to wear that day. Some were small dainty panties, others were bigger cotton, but all covered Nicely Proportioned Parts, I absolutely could not help noticing. They were in my face, metaphorically and physically.
Restarting, everyone had to adjust their range of motion to prevent getting snagged on things close by. The big t-shirts were the problem there, so we stopped again and people pulled off their T-shirts, revealing a variety of types, sizes, shapes, and designs of bras.
It's at this point that things became a little difficult for me. My last girlfriend-based sexual escapade had been over 8 months before then, and even though I regularly, even frequently, undertook to relieve myself of tension at home, I hadn't had time or focus to take care of myself much in the last week before leaving and certainly not since I'd been in the container.
So, I got a boner.
Since I was in my underwear, it became obvious that I had one. I realized it was happening, and noticed some girls looking at me, or, at least, glancing at my crotch. I stopped, took off my shirt, and (as best I could) tied it around my waist like we did when we were running. It almost helped. It also didn't really hide everything.
In fairness, the views I was getting were amazing. The girl to my left had a beautiful set of C cups inside a jogging bra with prominent nipples from moving around, I would presume. A slight sheen on her beautiful skin that made my eyes just stay locked in place longer than I wanted them to.
Of course, I was all of 3 feet from her boobs, since we were all kind of limited in standing room space and trying to align the same direction so elbows didn't collide with eyeballs. After that, my eyeballs collided with her panty-covered crotch, and after that, I had to examine a tight sixpack as she bent backwards and then up again, and backwards, her chest moving with her breath.
The girl to my right, as we turned for the next pose, was wearing a lace-topped net bra that left very little to the imagination. Her skin was incredibly soft and smooth looking, so touchable, so, so, so touchable, so close to me and I ... egads. I couldn't keep staring at her, it was rude, it was really distracting as I tried to relax and focus inward as they say you're supposed to do for yoga.
I might have whimpered.
Moving around, she then bent the other direction, to make more room, and I saw clearly as one leg went into the air, where her outer lips camel-toed her panties and the small tuft of landing-strip pubic hair raised her panties above her mons.
Wow.
I couldn't avoid looking at these women. I tried shutting my eyes, but my cock was full and I was jones-ing to touch any of them. Of course, at the same time, I knew they were completely out-of-bounds by the rules we were given, and I could do nothing about it. Closing my eyes didn't help much. Having Etta means I can easily recall entire images, and I had some that I was sure would stick in my head for a long, long time.
After about 15 minutes, though, my erection subsided a bit, and I could again concentrate on just the yoga moves, breathing properly, aligning myself right, and getting the pose correct. Poses are really remarkably hard work to get right, so that work helped distract me a bit. It occurred to me, though, that as much help as my underwear (boxer shorts, thankfully with a button on the fly) was when I was standing up, when I was bent over sideways the shirt fell away slightly and everyone could see my tent-pole.
Focus, dammit, focus! It was hard to do. My hard-on finally, eventually, subsided.
The leader had been a yoga instructor, and she tried to softly tell us directions, but she couldn't walk around and move us like my instructor had all this last year.
Eventually, the session ended and we re-dressed, or at least most of us did. The A/C had been turned to about 22 (70 fahrenheit), so even the exercise warmth eventually faded and we all ended up dressed again. That night, though, the temperature dropped quite a bit, so someone climbed up on a couch-back and looked at the controls, to set them to heat up to 19 (64 fahrenheit), which was a welcome change. We all figured we were sailing through colder waters.
That evening, the yoga instructor came over to me while I was sitting and reading by the TV's. Other people were watching a movie about sisters going on a road trip or something. She squatted next to me, then leaned over to whisper in my ear. I leaned in.
"Thank you for covering yourself earlier."
I moved my head, and nodded to her, a half-shrugged 'whatcha-gonna-do' expression on my face.
"I wasn't the only one who noticed. You were discreet about it and that's appreciated."
I leaned in to her and said, "I'm, like, ... 'oh my god, they're beautiful', then, my mind, it's, like, impossible to NOT think about. Plus, once I'm ... I'm hard, it's hard... it's difficult to clear my mind. I didn't know what to do, so ... my shirt."
She smiled understandingly. "Thank you for that, though," she whispered. She wasn't in a hurry to leave. We didn't have anything to do.
I leaned back to her ear, "No prob. I think it might be better next time... but, I don't know. I'll try. I'll think of my grandmother or something."
She laughed, nodded, and stood up, then laughed again and bent down and whispered, "Presuming your grandmother isn't secretly a porn star!"
I laughed, too. My grandmother most definitely wasn't a porn star.
Revealed Secrets
Most of the time, I don't tell people about my Etta. They tend to act weird, and usually want to test me in some way, then treat me differently afterwards. It's better all-around if I don't tell people. But, it occurred to me that our container would probably be lifted by some crane or something off the ship and onto the dock, so we might be able to see out the portholes and see where we were. Given there being 4 real viewing spots and 18 people, I figured I'd need to talk this out ahead of time to ensure I got to see anything.
The day after our first yoga session, day 3, I walked up in front of the TVs between movie showings and said, softly, but stridently enough, "Umm, can I have everyone's attention? Excuse me? Sorry, can I have your attention, please?"
Pretty quickly, people turned around, and I had all eyes on me.
"I'd like to bring up something and decide it now, so we have it all worked out. That is, once we dock, they're going to lift this container off the ship. When they do that, the portholes are going to be able to see in both directions quite a ways, right?"
I got nods from people.
"I'd like to propose we decide who is going to be lookout on each side when we do that. And, I have a reason for asking."
Traci (I'd learned their names) asked, "What? You want to be one?"
"Actually, ... yes." I heard some grunting as in, 'he thinks he's special' and I could readily see their point.
"Does anyone have a book I can borrow? Any kind of book?"
There was looking around; some girl in front held out her novel, "Rob Roy", it was nice and thick. I hadn't read it, but I'd heard about it.
I said, "Okay, give me 10 seconds, someone count."
Opened to a random page, looking away, looked at the page until the 10-count was up. I handed the book back to the girl and said, "Okay, so, open to page 271."
She looked through and found it. I said, "Top of the page. It says, quote, 'why I should not intrude on Miss Vernon when she chose to sit there in the evening.', next paragraph, 'To resume what I was saying, dash, I was not surprised to see a glimmering of light from the library windows: but I was a little struck,...' Am I getting that right?"
She looked at me with one eyebrow up, "This is some kind of trick... yes, that's right."
I said, "Pick another part of the page, I'll recite that part."
She said, "4th paragraph, last sentence."
I recited, calmly, "Suppose, notwithstanding the excellence of her understanding, the society of half a dozen of clowns."
She looked up, "He's right."
I said to her, "Thank you." Then, to the group, I continued, "Okay, so here's the deal. I have a trick memory. It's called ETTA syndrome. Without getting into neurobiology, let's just say we can call it 'photographic memory'. That means, if I see anything, I can recall the image of it pretty well, usually well enough to draw it, passably. Not that I'm an artist, like, at all."
I let that sink in a bit.
The yoga instructor spoke up, "So, ... you remember everything?"
"Nope, not everything. If I'm not trying to remember it, it goes away. But, if I do, it's just always there. I have to concentrate a little. When I tell people, usually their first question is, lunches. That is, do I remember them all. No, I don't remember what I had for lunch 2 years ago. I do remember the typical view out my window as I had lunches. And, I could draw the scene now, if I had a pen and paper. I can recite some of the conversations I had at that lunch table, start to finish. But, not which day was which, really, or what I ate."
Another gal said, "So, cut to the chase. You want to be the one of the four of us looking out, when we're lifted?"
"Yeah, ... I think it'd be good, 'cuz then I can tell you guys... people... what I saw, or draw pictures or something. So, everyone can know what was there."
The girl with the book said, "It's okay with me. I want to see your pictures, though."
I shrugged and said, "Of course."
Everybody nodded. It was apparently decided. I went back to my bunk.
Privacy
One more thing to mention about the voyage that was uncomfortable. The inside of the container was pretty quiet. Sure, there was engine noise, and some wave noise maybe, and the air handler made a bit of a hushed roaring sound. But, mostly it was quiet.
The walls were covered in shag carpet, as was the floor and ceiling, to keep the noise down should we make any. So, in general, sound control was pretty good. But, when it came to the 2 portable toilet booths at the front of the container, every single fart and plop came through pretty well. We eventually got used to it, mostly. But, there was a certain amount of dignity loss that came with hearing everyone else you're sleeping near poop and pee regularly.
Moves and Moves
In a large ship, there's a constant sound from the engines. It vibrates the whole ship just a bit, and quickly sinks into the background.
On day 6, at night, the engine noise changed, and we all sat up, noticing the same thing at the same time. Lookouts immediately went to the portholes. We turned off the overhead lights so people could see out easier. Luckily, no one fought me and I got a lookout seat, in direction of the front of the ship, which was actually the container's entrance/exit end.
People started packing up, including putting a lot of food, DVD's players, and even bedding into their backpacks.
Eventually, a few hours later, we banged enough that we could tell that we'd docked. After those sounds, we heard the banging of containers being unloaded.
Finally, as a container lifted from next to us, I could see down an area and out ahead of the ship. There was a giant storage area for containers, and then in the distance, a couple of kilometers at least, a fairly large mountain with snow on top.
Above us was a robotic wonderland. A set of automated crane arms were over the ship's container cargo, and many arms were dipping down, grabbing containers, and bringing them back to the dockside, which I couldn't see well at that point.
Another couple of minutes, and I got the full view. Grabbers were coming over the top of the crane on a rail system, lowering, down, grabbing a container, and taking it in a procession off to the dock, where each was lowered onto combination railway and conveyor belt apparatus. The stream of containers went into a yard area where various other arms dropped the containers onto waiting trucks that looked like they had no driver compartment.
Just about that point, with a bang, we were picked up, swinging freely and somewhat frighteningly as we were shifted, accelerated up, away, then slightly downwards.
Looking into the distance, I could see we were in a vast, amazingly huge container-shipping port. The container storage area was vast, with lots of containers stacked 4 high or more, off into the distance. The landscape outside that was only snow-capped mountainous, and with no cities in sight. Even the port area didn't seem to have any people that I could see walking around.
Looking for people and seeing none, I was fooled by the scale of the automated unloading equipment. Eventually, though, I did see people -- as tiny dots in glass booths scattered around each area, overlooking how things were moving.
The automated cargo shipping yard was just beyond immense!
I hadn't ever seen or really heard of one, but with the massive growth in Grohmann Robotics, all the planet had automation fever. A thought occurred to me, and I took note of the position of the sun in the sky; it was overcast but I could tell about where it was and how it lined up with the shipyard aisles. I had no outside way of telling time, but I always knew about what time it was so I noted that. If I did this right, I could figure out how far north we were!
Our container swayed as we were set onto the conveyor belt. We were all a little freaked by that, I could see on faces, it's an odd position to be in.
Grinding sounds resonated through the container, and I had to talk a little louder to narrate what was happening outside. I managed to warn everyone between our being set down and then picked up by the next crane-arm. That arm then lowered us down onto a vehicle of some kind. We got closer, and I saw it was just a box-girder frame robot with a bunch of motors and battery compartment on the outside and front, but no driver. As soon as we were settled onto it, some whining and clanks jerked us around a bit as it straightened us and locked the container into place. Then, we were off, driving -- in the other direction!
I scampered down quickly from the top, saying in an almost -loud, "SWITCH!" I was headed above the port-a-potty on the right, and clambered up there with some help, taking over the viewport (much to the frustration and disappointment of the girl who was there).
Out the front, now, I could see we were headed along a wide, jam-packed access road. It was full of other containers going somewhere as well, most in the same direction, not all at the same speed, some aisles were slower. Turning this way and that, we soon were in a line of containers headed down long rows of tall containers. We even went into and out of a few buildings, the scale of which was altogether massive as well.
Turning left and right, sometimes we seemed to double back towards the cranes, but most of the time we were headed closer and closer to the mountains, all through this giant yard full of containers.
Finally, we came to a really large building, still with lots of containers going in and out through many doors, but not nearly so many, and not nearly as fast. It was a long, large building, which got much bigger the closer we got to it. It was seemingly built at a crossroads of several sort-of-highways. Once inside, my eyes adjusted to see us turning off the path onto a ramp, and heading down a side passage, then turning again and going down a ... Tunnel! We were suddenly in a tunnel, a reasonably well-lit one. Ahead of us stretched a convoy of container-robots, and I presumed there were more behind us.
Slowing down, we passed signs reading, 'ABSOLUTELY NO ADMITTANCE!', 'DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE PROPERTY', and 'USE OF DEADLY FORCE AUTHORIZED / TURN BACK NOW'. Farther on, an even scarier one read in big red letters, in multiple languages, "WARNING: AUTOMATED LETHAL WEAPONS DEPLOYED. NO HUMAN ADMITTANCE BEYOND THIS POINT." I narrated these signs to the group as we passed, and when I glanced back at them, I saw there was an optimistic but nervous look to the group. Narrating was a good plan.
After the last sign, the girl looking out the other forward portal said, "Glad you go that. It went by too fast for me."
We passed over a set of wide metal patches in the floor. A sign overhead read, "ELECTROCUTION HAZARD, STAY INSIDE VEHICLE!"
Moving on, we approached a bunch of what looked like lollipop-balls sticking out from the walls. I narrated this, "Basketball-sized nodes high on the walls, all over... oh, gun barrels and cameras in them! Uh, wait, the barrels are tracking us, no, container in back... passing them."
After those, we got to some big wordy signs, one after another. We were going slow enough to read them, but not slow enough for me to narrate them, so I narrated them after we passed. There were surprised intakes of breath as I talked. They read: "CAUTION: STRONTIUM-90 SECURITY IONIZING RADIATION AREA AHEAD. STAY INSIDE VEHICLE. MINIMUM COVER 3mm METAL PLATE OR EQUIVALENT. COVER EXPOSED AREAS. CLOSE VIEWPORTS. DO NOT STOP. MINIMUM 40 KPH FOR SAFE EXPOSURE LEVELS. WALKING OR RUNNING WILL RECEIVE LETHAL DOSE. ALSO, BLINDING LASERS ARE SIMULTANEOUSLY IN USE. SHIELD EYES FOR AT LEAST NEXT 1 KILOMETER, UNTIL RUMBLE STRIP."
A loudspeaker, echoing in front and behind us, YELLED at us to shield our eyes until the rumble strip or we'd go blind then die. We got the message, and I moved away from the viewport, closing the metal plate and rug over it.
I looked around, and everyone already had gotten the message, covering their eyes and ducking down.
We obviously turned a corner, and then another one, then went down an incline and back up again. At a straight area, we sped up and went pretty fast in that section. I couldn't tell how far we went without seeing out, but probably at least that 1 kilometer if not significantly more, curving several times en route. Then, slowing down drastically, we turned a sharper corner and went up, then down again, then crossed over the promised rumble strip.
I waited just a moment more. After all, I remembered the joke-sign in most laser labs, "Do not look into laser with remaining good eye."
Opening the viewport, I cautiously looked ahead and saw the same old tunnel, lights every 20 meters down the center, the walls now barely big enough for us to drive through.
Another couple of kilometers of curving tunnel led us to a wider spot...then... the tunnel floor went away!
It was a gap, over 100 meters across, I could barely see the other side. The overhead lights didn't reach the bottom of it, either. We rolled up to the edge, where a raised pair of pads were waiting for our wheels. Interlocking the wheels and the pads started some mechanism that rapidly lowered a bridge from the ceiling.
It was super-cool, though I couldn't see all of it.
Once down, we crossed the bridge, and I had a feeling the bridge went up right after we drove off it.
After that, there as a tilted-roadway that would make you slip and fall into spikes unless you had a full axle-width to hold you in the right place.
The traps were ingenious!
There were 3 more security areas, including an inclined section where arms came out from the walls, went under our truck, the arms rolled down a set of rollers set into the walls, and then rotated up again to go back out of the way. It was very odd, but it worked well enough and I could see there were wide margins for error in initial placement and it would still manage to grab us just right.
Another section repeated the gap with lowered-bridge trick, and the last one had machine gun basketballs on the walls again.
We could hear loudspeakers ahead, but not what they were saying.
After another few hundred yards, the tunnel turned and widened, then we entered a large cavern. Loudspeakers (very loud ones) shouted at us:
PREPARE TO EXIT YOUR CONTAINER IMMEDIATELY.
PUT BACKPACK ON BOTH SHOULDERS.
Pull ASIDE carpet on wall opposite PowerWall, FIND EMERGENCY EXIT HATCH.
Emergency Exit hatch is BEHIND CARPET ON WALL NEXT TO TVS.
Emergency Exit hatch is BEHIND CARPET ON WALL NEXT TO TVS.
Emergency Exit hatch is BEHIND CARPET ON WALL NEXT TO TVS.
Break Seal, open door. DOOR PULLS INWARD. DOOR PULLS INWARD.
LEAVE DOOR OPEN. DOOR PULLS INWARD.
TURN OFF POWER. LAST PERSON, TURN OFF POWER ON WALL.
DO NOT RISK YOUR LIVES TO TURN OFF POWER.
PROCEED TO CAMP ENTRANCE.
WARNING. CONTAINERS WILL BE FUMIGATED WITH CYANIDE, MUSTARD GAS, NERVE AGENTS, AMMONIA, THEN LIQUID NITROGEN AFTER ARRIVAL.
REMAINING IN CONTAINER WILL BE FATAL.
We followed directions even before the container stopped moving.
The carpet had been so thick we didn't see the bulge from the emergency exit handles, but once we found it, it was simple to open. Coasting to a stop, we climbed out the portal onto the robot's girder, and stepped off onto the ground. Everyone paused for a moment to savor the idea of being outside. The last few people climbed out of our container carrying trash bags with the DVD players, DVD's, and a bunch of other stuff, a useful save we had decided.
We walked together towards the entrance sign.
Our container was in angle-in parking, truck-stop style, in several rows. Pillars held up the roof high overhead, but between them there were broad parking areas where an orderly procession of robots with containers came in, stopped, and people clambered out the side. I counted the arrival rate at about one every 15 seconds., but they were spread out enough that people could get around them pretty easily in the big chamber.
We walked under a giant sign, one of many arranged so you couldn't miss them. On the back, they said the same thing:
Do not attempt to ride on or leave with the robots.
Persons leaving this facility must be escorted in special vehicles.
For your safety, persons attempting to enter (or leave) this facility on foot will be killed by automated security measures.
Departure escorts are available mornings at 11 am.
Reveille is at 6 am (sharp). Shower before breakfast. Dress for work.
Directions to habitation modules are posted in the Great Entrance Hall.
As each robot-truck decided it had sat idle long enough, it sounded its horn 3 times loudly, then drove off to a machine that picked up the container and carried it to a tall stack in the distance. Unladen, the truck-robot turned and headed towards the clearly labeled, 'Exit Tunnel', above which was written:
"EXIT TUNNEL / Authorized Vehicle Traffic Only / Automated Lethal Security Enforcement"
Interestingly, at the bottom of that sign, someone had hand-written in big marker across another giant sign with a big DOD logo in the center:
"OK, just cleaned up THAT mess.
The funeral will be closed and empty casket.
See base commander - don't be stupid!"
This was almost funny. Tragic, sure, but almost funny. I wondered what situation led them to write that.
I turned, most of my traveling companions had gone past the line towards the door with the sign saying 'ENTRANCE / CAMP ZESTER, so eventually I followed.
My delay was from getting distracted by watching the dance of people exiting containers, looking bright-eyed at their new surroundings, taking in the sights and reading the signs, then moving onwards. It was kind of fun to watch. But, I didn't want to get too far separated from my traveling group (not knowing what was coming), so I hurried to catch up.
Right under the entrance sign was written, "Welcome to Camp Zester / Kodiak Island, Alaska / The Most Secure Place on Earth".
So, that's where we were. I didn't remember much about Kodiak except it was the second largest island in the USA, only Hawaii's Big Island was bigger. It famously had more bears than people - I knew lots of really useless stuff like that (fat lot of good it did me!).
Land was pretty cheap in Alaska - that had to be why there was a giant automated transshipment container terminal and port. It would be the perfect cover for both large-scale digging and whatever important, secret thing they had for us.
Entering Camp Zester
The truck-robots bringing our containers in had to swerve to go through the drop-off area, but if they had gone straight, they'd have just gone directly from the entrance tunnel into the same base entrance we were walking into.
A clearly labeled and brightly lit 'ENTER HERE' tunnel was our only real option anyway.
That part made sense, since it'd obviously be necessary to drive full containers into the camp if they wanted to avoid hand-carrying things. Sure enough, coming around the corner and going straight in, we could see a short container ahead of us, though off to the side in a wider area. But, beyond that... a Big Door.
The short container had an open front with a sign on the inside of the door, "Welcome Packets -- Take ONE only!" Inside were boxes of photocopied packets, each about 30 stapled pages, saying "Welcome!" on the front. Below that (on the inside of the door) it said, "Proceed ahead to Grand Entrance Hall before reading".
We were all doing that, and I followed the crowd.
The crowd was similar to the one at the departure center back in Seattle / Tacoma. We were all dressed about the same -- light jacket, t-shirts, blue jeans, cross trainer shoes or hiking boots. The girls mostly either had their hair in ponytails or cut short, almost no one had anything more than shoulder length. Again, there were very few guys, it was almost all girls.
We got to the Door. I should say, Doors, because there were two of them, one just past the other. Each was the same, the door swung open all the way enough to be nested into a grotto in the wall. This let the entrance be wide enough for two containers to pass side by side, which would have been vital if there were limited transport carriers.
The engineer in me really liked the details, it was cool to see what they'd done.
The thing about the doors wasn't their barn-door size - it was their MASS, an impressive OMG thing that... wow, it resonated in my head. They resembled bank vault doors, wider, but so thick that it was hard to imagine anything getting through that metal. At least 2 meters thick, obviously built to withstand a nuclear blast, and made of gleaming stainless steel.
The door itself, and the jamb, were shaped with a slight incline as we went in, so the door obviously fit in like a plug. The jamb, floor, and ceiling all had wide recesses where milk-jug-diameter cylinders from the door could extend out and lock into place, though the mechanism to do that wasn't visible.
The reason for this door wasn't lost on me.
When shut, a nuclear explosion would just pack the door in more tightly. I didn't know about nuclear weapon effects on 2-meter-thick stainless steel, but if it was a small nuke, maybe that door would survive, and maybe the second door, too.
It was a safecracker's nightmare or fever dream, depending on the person, I guessed.
I wasn't the only one who noticed. We all were looking at it as we went in.
Grand Entrance Hall
Coming to an intersection in the hallway, a sign read, READ YOUR WELCOME PACKET NOW / Proceed to your assigned area."
Looking backwards a moment, I saw there was a sign for people going the other way, saying, "Facility departures must be escorted / Escorts available daily at 11 am only / Meet here to request escort."
Just inside the grand entrance hall along the left wall, there was a big board, labeled, "Safety First!" On it were lots of pictograms of people doing stupid things and getting hurt or dying. Sure, most were simple - a guy was slipping while mopping, a guy falling backwards, a guy dropping a box on his foot, etc.
The rest were actually kind of funny. A simplistic helicopter was chopping someone's head off. An obvious giant jet engine blast was throwing someone off a cliff. Another had several people climbing rope, with one (not wearing gloves) falling to his death. There were several depicting electrical situations with water and wires. One had a teakettle blowing steam, and a hose with steam coming out spraying a person. That person was supposed to be dead, their eyes were X'd out, and the steam touched, the body was bones only. The message was clear - the steam will kill you.
There were several I didn't understand, showing a star-shaped portal with someone standing near it, and a person carrying a pole spearing them. Another one had a person behind a cart, with an orb out front, and a person near the orb without a head and blood spraying. Obviously, there were dangerous things here.
Lots of people were stopping to look at those, but I didn't need to because one glance and I'd committed them all to memory. There were some advantages of Etta, but also some hassles since there are some things I could never un-see.
We all shuffled on, carried by the crowd, but after we fanned out everyone was reading the welcome packets.
Inside was a letter, reading:
Dear Intern:
Welcome to Camp Zester! We're in the most secure place on planet Earth. It's a very new facility, so please bear with us while we are constructing new areas and adding features both for form and function. We're in process now on a project to expand the living areas. In fact, you've come in by a back entrance that makes accessible a brand new, quite large bivouac for temporary personnel like yourselves. You will be granted access to the rest of the Camp after you have been briefed on various security restrictions.
One of your first tasks was memorizing your ID number. This ID number is actually a key to helping you find your living quarters in this new section.
Living quarters, here, are called 'habitation modules', or 'habs.' We understand there is a minimum of privacy available, so you'll need to be courteous and respectful of the people you're there with, your 'habmates'. The leader or facilitator in a hab is called the 'prime', but they can only help you if you help yourselves by living courteously with each other. Please keep your things picked up, orderly, and tidy, talk through any problems respectfully, and you should get along fine.
Your ID number tells you where your hab position is. For example, an ID of DUC7D6E translates to Zester Area C, down to level 7, over Gallery ("Gal") D, down to Hab 6, and, once there, in bed-spot E. Areas, Levels, Galleries, Habs, and Beds are all clearly marked.
There will be a welcome ceremony tomorrow morning at 9 am. View it in the cafeteria on your level. You'll want to get to the cafeteria either tonight or early tomorrow morning to set up tables and chairs, and of course, to eat.
If you have any questions, you can have them answered at, or immediately after, the welcome ceremony.
Attendance at / viewing of the welcome ceremony is mandatory. It is a required briefing. It is vital that you know all important facets of the operation here.
We remind you that this facility, all that happens, and all you learn here is classified as Top Secret, SCI. Some parts of the operation involve Codeword Clearance material. The security oaths you took will apply for the rest of your lives. We take security quite seriously. On the plus side, everyone in your intern group has this same clearance. So, you may talk freely among yourselves, unless and until you are granted access to further material. Further clearances will require you to sign documents acknowledging receipt of specific material with an attached codeword. This will be covered in later security briefings.
We're glad to have you here, and look forward to having your capabilities applied to some rather vital projects. We hope this work is as fulfilling to you as it is vital to the nation. You have been chosen because you've demonstrated significant abilities, and we look forward, as I'm sure you do, to applying those abilities to help these United States remain the land of the Free and the home of the brave.
Cordially,
Brig. Gen. Harwell Theodocius McCall,
5th U.S. Army / 2nd Intelligence Battalion / Commanding Officer, Camp Zester
"Shine your light unto the darkness, cursing it not, but bringing forth glory with graceful alacrity." -- Oliver Wendell Holmes
After reading this, I looked up. I was struck with a sense that I was part of a grand undertaking. I felt, somehow, that the thing that I was charged with doing was Greatly Worthwhile, that what would occur would become Grandly Important somehow. I was part of something big. I liked that.
Looking around at the people that were also finishing reading their welcome letter, we were all smiling and nodding a bit. I realized then that I had been a bit scared, that the warning signs at the entrance had been a bit over the top, and that I'd held a part of me in reserve in nervous anticipation of some kind of upcoming danger. Now, though, I wasn't feeling that way. This letter made me feel good about the impending activity. Tomorrow would be good, I decided.
The pride of being there led to me thinking, hey, maybe I'll get to see some cool stuff, something high tech like weapons we have that no one knows we have or something, or ways to listen in on conversations on the other side of the world or something. But, then, it occurred to me, something my dad used to tell me. He used to say, "The army is filled with stuff that's cool for 10 minutes and then you spend an eternity taking it apart and cleaning it." My dad was great that way.
Time to find my hab, I thought. My ID, DUB3D2G, meant I was in area B, 3rd level, gal D, hab 2, bed G. That was easy, I thought. Looking up, the giant concourse had signs on the ceiling pointing in different directions. On the floor, these directions were well-divided into 3 sections by the tire-tracks scrapes on the raw rock floor of many robotic container haulers passing this way. The signs overhead pointed to 3 sets of destinations:
On the Left: BIV AREA-A / TERMINUS LEVELS ALPHA-THETA / PFI ENGINEERING / LAMBDA DRONES
In the center: BIV AREA-B / RTCC BACKPLAN / CONS JART / DD6-FFT / HANGARS YA-YK
On the right: BIV AREA-C / AAY COMMAND CENTER / ASSM AREAS / OWDD CENTERS / TERMINUS LEVELS IOTA-OMEGA / HANGARS YL-YZ
Almost none of those signs made sense besides the Area-A/B/C parts, so I just went with it. Bivouac Area-B was mine, so I headed there.
Some minutes later, walking down the long corridor from the great hall to Area-B, I got a feeling for the scale of this place. All along the corridor, above my head, covering the ceiling except for cages that held lights every 5 meters, were pipes of all sizes, from meter-diameter to conduits. A couple of times, a drop of really hot water hit me on the head. Like an older chem engineering prof had said, "All Pipes Leak". I chuckled again remembering that.
At odd intervals along the wall (sometimes 5 meters, sometimes 50) were slabs of flat steel that were seemingly doors without handles. Many of the doors had signs next to them or above them with acronyms for things, like 'AAUW-44', but I doubted that room was for the American Association for University Women and laughed a bit to myself for thinking it.
The walls themselves, I suddenly noticed, were oddly formed. At first, it looked like polished granite. But, walking over and examining it with a geologist's eye, I saw it was granite that had been melted and re-solidified. The floor, likewise, had been melted, it looked like, and turned to molten rock, before being re-solidified. On the surface, covering most of the center of the corridor, were carved or wavy grooves. It looked like they wanted to give it a hash-like texture to give it traction. There were no cracks in that, or in any rock surface I could see, anywhere. As a geologist, I expected to see lots of cracks. Cracks are a total part of Granite. But, in this case, there weren't any. The amount of tech used to create this hallway started freaking me out a little.
Basically, I was thinking, something had come through here, broken up the rock and removed it to make the tunnel. Then, some other process had come in and melted the remaining walls to such a degree that they became one giant solid mass. That spoke to me of a really, really, uber-huge-massive-OMG-can't-imagine-big heat source. The OMG part, I thought, was literal -- there was literally no way that I could imagine anything with enough power to dissipate that much heat. Further, doing that over part of the surface would crack the nearby cooler rock unless it was all done slowly or quickly enough to manage stress internal to the rock and entrained water content.
Wow.
Despite my advanced understanding of the geological sciences as human mining capabilities, this hallway defied my understanding of how any kind of modern tech could accomplish this miracle. The rock -- it just Was. It existed despite my disbelief of how it got to Be That Way. It was smooth, seamless granite; one giant rock that just held back all the forces of downward pressure of whatever mountain was above us, silent but immensely powerful in its new form.
In terms of the sizing of the place, though, aside from the rock itself, it was perfect for humans. The ceiling was plenty high enough, even with suspended pipes. There were cages and ladders that came down along the walls to give access to those pipes, but they were mostly unobtrusive. In no way did the corridor feel cramped or constrained. I thought about how it could have been, with low ceilings making it seem like the world was pressing down. Instead, it was open. The granite was black and white, with glittering quartz and some black feldspar and sparkly mica thrown in in places, and being polished looked like the entire place had been designed for beauty.
Dimensionally, the corridor was at least 10 meters wide and 15 meters tall, but the pipes only subtracted 2 or 3 meters at the lowest. So, walking around, there were always at least 12 meters of empty overhead space.
Most office buildings in the US had about 12 foot ceilings, but not 12 METER ceilings. That's 45 feet! That extra space made the place feel much more open.
Another oddity about the tunnels. Right at the start of the Area-B tunnel, there was an S-curve in the tunnel, and a large loose-granite rock sitting in front of it, then a constriction, like the rock was supposed to be plug for the tunnel but had been left in place, obscuring the sight line. The curve itself was plenty gradual, easy for a container robot to negotiate. This repeated twice more.
The idea that they were plugs made it occur to me that, really, that's what they were. Each of them was sized and placed so that the corridor was still easily passable, but if a nuclear blast came down the hallway, it would pick up these massive stone plugs and throw them forwards in the corridor, filling the available space and plugging the corridor completely.
If the front doors, the giant ones on hinges like doors to massive safes, failed? If a nuke went off in that entrance place and those doors melted? Then, these plugs were backup bomb protection. They wanted to be sure that a nuke wouldn't hurt us. Probably, the second nuke would hurt us a lot less, even, than the first one, because all the plugs would have been moved into place by the first blast wave.
When that General said it was the safest place on Earth, he likely wasn't kidding.
Hab Home
After trudging along in the crowd, all of us going about 4 km from the grand entrance hall (mostly straight but sometimes curving left or right), we came up to another potential corridor constriction, another unreasonably massive doorway.
It was open, the two doors obviously capable of meeting in the middle and sealing against a jamb on the ceiling and floor, but since the rock had been cut wider, the hallway remained just as wide as it was. Above, the pipes disappeared into precisely cut holes in the rock above the door.
Both doors were bank-vault in mass but normal vault, not battleship-hull 2-meter-thick ones like the entrance area. These were thinner, wider, and squared-off.
On one door, a smaller inset man-door (a 'wicket') allowed for entry of someone walking, but on the other, the cutout was 3 feet high, so someone would have to crawl on hands and knees to get through. I'd seen this setup for castle gates in Europe, allowing people to come through crawling could ensure safety since a defender could stab or behead them easily.
I realized, looking at it, that the doorway wasn't made for blasts, it was made for attacks of people! I just had to chuckle at the thought that went into it, a point-defense defilade. Leave it to an Army base to have a way to secure an area even if there was no good reason to secure it.
After the open doors, there was an open area, much smaller than the pillar-farm that was the Grand Entrance Hall, but still, big enough to span well over 100 meters. Set into the floor on the other end of this was a set of downward ramps, one on each side of the hallway, 2 or 3 traffic lanes wide. Signs pointed down to levels 2-8, so I followed most of the crowd downward, through open sweeping turns easily big enough for two container-robots to pass each other without slowing down. After descending a single wide turn and going down 50 meters or so, I reached level 2, and then again the same distance to level 3.
Opening out, the ramp split into 2 forks, A-D and E-H, then again split for A-B and C-D, and then C or D. Each split had ball-mirrors on the walls to allow you to see if anyone was coming as you headed back up towards the entrance. I realized these robotic or human drivers would need to know where they're going.
As I walked, fewer people were with me, but still there were many people in sight. Overhead, following every corridor and intersection room, pipes filled the ceilings in sometimes complex arrangements. It made sense, there had to be pipes, but that there were so many was a little confusing.
Walking down my well-lit gallery, I saw it had much lower ceilings, only maybe 9 meters, ish.
Finally, we saw what habs were as we passed them. Habs, it turned out, were 53-foot long "high-cube" shipping containers, two to an open-ended niche, or high-ceilinged grotto, but widely set apart and lifted from the floor on granite-block isolation support pads, rubber gaskets between the container and the block, and between the block and the granite floor.
Enough of my engineering popped up that I wondered why they sound-isolated or vibration-isolated the container.
Along the left side of the gallery were the front ends of the containers, and on the right (set in somewhat) were the non-opening sides of the next gallery over. On the open side the supporting columns had an open space to make a big alcove, but on the other side there were many support columns that mostly blocked off the space.
The hab-front was set back maybe 3 meters from the aisle-walking space, but the hab-back to pillar (and thus walkway we were on) distance was closer to 15 meters, a good distance.
I liked the setup, it gave a sense of openness to them, a 'front yard' and 'back yard', sort-of, to say nothing of the open space between the two hab containers that were at least as wide as the habs were long.
Really, the architecture in general was pretty cool, it looked well designed to give delineation yet still fight against the idea of being underground and potentially closed-in. Just the grotto height above the hab helped that, they could have put at least one and maybe two more containers atop the habs if they'd wanted, though the entrance archway came down farther than that.
The graceful arches of the ceiling supports and column sides might have had function, but they were also pretty.
The niches were labeled, so I walked down the gallery, past the first one (B3D1), to mine, B3D2.
The leftmost hab, like the other left-habs, was closed up tight, but the right one had swung-open container doors (tied back with chains) and inside that, a door to the right and beadboard wood siding on the left.
The door, a top/bottom half-door, was open on the top and closed on the bottom; the top half had a window with a screen in it, which seemed odd to me to have in a cave, but perhaps these were built for being outside and just repurposed for inside use.
I walked up to the door and knocked on the little ledge on the top and said, "Knock, Knock!?! Knock, Knock!?!"
"Yeah?" came a voice from inside. I could see there was a small section of wall. I pulled the door open and said, "I'm coming in! Apparently, I live here, too."
A girl walking towards me from an interior room, said, "Oh! Okay! Come in!"
"I'm Kevin."
"Dana."
We shook hands. Dana was gorgeous. She looked to be about my height, 175 cm (5'9"), athletic, trim, with shoulder-length curly black hair, deep-dark eyes, a kind of Jewish or Mediterranean look to her face, and a very buxom thing going on under her T-shirt and jacket.
I had trouble focusing on saying hello back, so I looked down, then around, so I didn't have to be distracted by her. Sometimes really pretty girls do that to me; I can't hold a thought while I look at them, so I look down or look around.
There was a lot to take in. I said, "So... This is our hab?"
"Affirm that. What's your ID?"
I rattled it off for her. I noticed the 'affirm that' and decided that meant her family was military or something. I'd heard people in ROTC use that phrase a bunch.
"Oh. Bunk G. That's in back. Let me show you...." She paused, "But... first, here's the layout. Front room, we squeeze by here, we've got 2 king-sized - or close - bunk beds, bed positions AB down, CD up, you can see the labels. Cabinets are there, marked so everyone gets some good storage space, a meter deep, lots of storage, which is pretty nice. Most of those are full already -- sweats, t-shirts, underwear, socks, towels, that kind of stuff. Each bed-spot gets that stuff. They presume you're normal size or something, as if everyone fits into an extra-large. I haven't figured it out yet, but maybe if it's wrong we can trade or something."
I nodded, and hoped they gave me men's underwear. I didn't want to try wearing women's clothes -- not quite my thing.
We walked on, through a doorway and into a couch-room. That is, there were couches on the three walls. I counted 10 cushions worth of couch, so we could probably all sit down, if there were to be 8 of us in this hab. The light overhead was nice enough, an indirect bulb, and the walls and ceiling were nicely painted a bright white.
I said, "Well, this isn't too bad! I was expecting raw plywood and battleship steel furniture."
Dana laughed, "Yeah, at least it's painted, I guess, yeah, but ... it's temp housing, so I'm okay with whatever as long as I can sleep at night."
I nodded. For the amount we were being paid, I'd sleep on nails for 7 months.
We walked straight ahead, into the next room. The doors had opened towards us, I noticed -- and there wasn't an exit in the back room. On the right as we entered there was a set of louvers that was a sort-of louvered window with a screen. That wouldn't count as an exit unless someone kicked it out, and being hip-height and above that might be a trick.
Still, it looked possible to use the throw-a-chair idea to get out in a fire, I guessed. There weren't chairs there, but fire is a strong motivator.
The bed dominated the room, set against the near wall, and floor-to-ceiling storage cabinets took up the other wall, like the other 'bedroom'.
"You have bed... G? There."
I looked, of course, it was even labeled in paint on the end of the bunk beds. The lower bunk was pretty close to the ground, but the upper was high and had a ladder to it mounted on the end. The 4 corner posts for it were mounted into, or welded to, the floor and ceiling. I grabbed a part of it and tried to shake it. There was no movement, at all. This thing was solid.
Dana laughed, "I did the same thing. I thought they'd be sucky. Looks like they're built with some real solid stuff. Even the bottom, underneath..." She pointed, bending over, at the underside of the upper bed's mattress. I bent over, too, and sure enough, it was solid steel there, too. "There," she said, "No way to get poked by the people below you. This is pretty good. I had bunk beds as a kid for a while. My big sister would kick me in the middle of the night just to wake me up. I hated that. I told my parents, they said, 'just put up with it for a little while longer...' God, I hated that."
I smiled, "I think I understand your pain. A bit. My first dorm room had bunk beds. For a while, at least, until I got a single room. I had problems with my roommate wanting to party with his friends all the time, and I was ... into books." I hesitated, and was a bit shy about it.
She interrupted and said, "NO, totally, I get it. I'm, like, the same way. I totally get that."
She was nodding. I smiled; she looked genuinely nice. Then, all of a sudden, I couldn't look at her anymore, the fact that she was really pretty got to me again.
I walked over and opened my 'locker', really my 4 cabinets. Lots of adjustable shelving, mostly filled with clothing already, which was nice from the 'wear something clean' perspective.
I took off my backpack.
Dana watched me and said, "Oh, yeah, almost forgot. There's one other person here already. She's taking a shower now. She'll be back any minute."
"Showers?" My ears perked up and my head jerked, "I would LOVE a shower! Oh my god. I haven't had a shower in, like, 7 days, the night before I left."
"I know what you mean! Yes! Me too!" She said, quickly agreeing, but then her face clouded a little and she said, "But... I haven't gone in there yet. I've been waiting for Jo to get back and tell me what it's like."
"Jo is our habmate?"
"Yeah. Jo, like, spelled J-O. She's in here... Actually, she's your bedmate. She's in position H, on the right, away from the door."
I looked, and decided sleeping around these people was going to be hard enough. I didn't want to fuck up. I needed this money. I had to make sure I was above reproach, and not get penalized for fraternization. "Oh. Okay."
"But, if you want to go take one, go right ahead." Dana looked down. I could tell she didn't want to go there for some reason.
"What," I asked, "could it possibly be, that's making you hesitate about taking a shower? We're all, like, majorly dirty and stuff!"
She almost said something, but stopped.
I continued, "Well, I know I stink. I have to get out of this stuff and wash off, like fast!"
She pursed her lips a little and looked to the side. "It's ... the, well..." She signed, and said, "The bathrooms are unisex. There's one bathroom for both guys and girls. We all have to shower in the same room. We all have to poop and pee in the same room, though there ARE toilet stalls. We have to stand at the sink, and the person next to me could be a man. Like, no matter what I'm wearing. They could... They could be naked, too. I ... guess I'm kinda freaked about it. They said, no privacy, but... still...."
I nodded and thought about it from her perspective. "Yeah. I guess that could be freaky." I wanted to reassure her, but at the same time, I wasn't sure how I'd handle it. I wasn't sure about the idea of being seen naked, either.
Just then, the sound of the front door opening and shutting interrupted us, "Yoo-Hoo! I'm back!"
"We're in back!" Dana called back.
Into the room walked another dream-babe, who Dana had called, 'Jo'. Jo was middle height, dirty-blonde hair, wearing a towel wrapped around her chest and holding a basket with a hairbrush and stuff in it. "Oh!" she said, "Hi! I didn't know we had more people here! I'm Jo." Her hands were full, I didn't try to shake, but she set down her basket on the lower bunk.
"Kevin," I said, and we shook hands. It was a firm handshake, and a very direct manner, but there was a lot of feminine sway in her movements, and I had to keep myself from looking at the towel covering her chest. "Uh," I said, "I'd like to take a shower, but, I think I have to change in here. I'll wait for you."
I walked into the center room.
Jo had nodded, and I sat down on the couch. I heard sounds of cabinet doors opening. I could just imagine the towel being off, then, the underwear going on, then (informed by the rustle of clothes), she was done, coming out of the door, "Ok, you can come in."
Trading places, they came out and I went in, looking through my cabinet for shower-stuff. At least there was men's stuff in my cabinet! Considering the other people in the hab so far were women, that was a big relief. Even more than that, it looked to be size 'extra-large' stuff, which would fit me just fine. Once upon a time, I'd worn a medium, but those days were gone, I was too tall now, and with the muscles I'd built the past year, my chest had filled out, too.
Taking a minute to unpack my backpack, I tried to find spaces in the cabinets for the stuff I had. There were spaces, but many were filled with sweats, shorts, underwear (boxers), socks, etc. There was even a place in the bottom cabinet labeled 'dirty laundry' where I put my dirty clothes from the trip. I did a quick inventory and found I definitely had enough clean clothes that I could change into when I was done. This was a huge relief. I only had dirty clothes in my pack, so options were GOOD.
I figured greeting new habmates would be better if I was clean, no matter what the situation there. So, I stripped off my clothes and wrapped a towel around me.
Walking into the center room, I saw Jo, waiting, reading through the further pages of her welcome packet (past the welcome letter, recounted above). I'd glanced through the rest of it (besides the letter) while walking.
It was mostly dry stuff -- a history of the name 'Camp Zester' complete with which other locations had ever been called that (all decommissioned bases now except this one); a diatribe on the importance of showing leadership (an abstract concept as applied in the article) and 'demanding the best of yourself' in 'complex, challenging environments, even when the enemy is very near your position'.
Another article looked to be photocopied from a magazine, describing the deeper philosophical meaning behind going fishing and how that can make you a better person. Lastly, there was a glossary with names for things like, 'hab', 'prime', 'fronthab', 'midhab', 'backhab', 'louv' (louvers), and 'reef' ('a high spot'), and rules about ball-sports being played in unapproved areas due to risk of hurting pipes.
I wasn't into the welcome packet much.
Showertime
Walking towards the front, Dana wasn't in the front room, either, so I went out our front door. She was standing there, waiting for me, clad only in a towel, underarms to knees. Her legs were together and she was standing up straight, looking very nervous.
"Oh," I said, "You're... coming along? I thought you said you didn't want to."
"I DON'T! But, I... kind of have to, I'm ... stinky. Sticky. Uck. The naked-thing, with... guys... is kind-of freaking me out a little."
Her voice was open that way, like she was admitting weakness, so I said, "Oh, no, perfectly understandable!"
She paused. "...Yeah. So... Like, men. Still, looks like, no way to avoid it. I think, the longer I wait in the day, the more people there are going to be, and the more people will be looking at me."
I nodded as noncommittally as possible, "Oh. Okay. So, I guess, we go together, then?" I thought for a minute as we walked, and said, "Where did you change so fast?"
"Front room, really fast while you were unpacking, Jo kept watch."
She was staring straight ahead. She was really, really nervous. I could tell this was taking some significant amount of courage.
We got past the next hab, and she said, "I've been there."
"Pardon?"
"I went to the bathroom when I first got here. I saw it. So, I know where it is."
"Oh. Okay. I actually figured you did, you seemed to know where we should walk."
We walked on in silence. Around the corner at the end of the 4th hab, we turned in a corridor, and then we were there, a big section where there should have been another gallery of habs, but instead was a granite wall stretching off in both directions a-ways. The entrance in front of us had a sign next to it. We walked over to the sign and stopped to read it.
UNISEX BATHROOM RULES:
1. No running, floors are slippery. No horseplay.
2. Use absolute minimum soap to get clean. Soap puts a serious strain on water cycling equipment.
3. Fixtures are Fragile! Pipes are Fragile! Do not tug or pull down on any pipe or fixture! Some pipes contain live (1000+ F) steam and will kill you (and those around you!) if they break. Respect others, Be Gentle with equipment.
4. Toilets have Bidets. No toilet paper provided or permitted! Wash hands with soap after using toilet.
5. Showers are open-floor-plan. Respect Others. Do Not Stare or Comment.
6. Absolutely No Bullying. Interrupt and reject any bullying you witness. Be Nice.
7. Cleaning schedule: Sink, Toilet, and Shower areas, hose-off w/ Live Steam once/week by assigned bathroom team.
8. No exclusivity permitted. All facilities are open, at all times, to all persons!
I got done reading this before Dana. Of course, she'd read it before. But, her eyes were re-reading it again. She was stalling.
"Hey," I said.
She looked at me.
I said, "I'm going in. Are you coming?"
She took a deep breath, and said, "... uh. Yeah. I guess I am."
We walked in together, up the steeply sloping ramp. Alongside us, some pipes (labeled, 'DRAIN' in big letters) led from the hallway ceiling angled up with us to just under floor level for the bathroom, to connect with trenches cut in the rock floor and covered in stainless steel grates.
There would be no flooding here; the simplicity and beauty of the design was obvious. Other pipes, also from the hall ceiling, cut upwards and went up to the ceiling of the room and then down to the three sections -- left to the toilets, middle to the sinks, right to the showers.
We went left. Dana obviously wanted to use the toilet, so I did, too, and it was good because I could feel I needed to use it. We all avoided the port-o-lets in our container until we absolutely had to go, it smelled some, and the noise, etc.
Passing the sink section, we entered an expansive toilet area and saw there was another entrance from the far, far side of the room.
Along the right wall and as a middle column were lined up many sets of prefab welded toilet stalls units, 4 to a unit. In front of the first one and facing the entrance was another prefab unit with 4 stainless-steel urinals, complete with nice large divider panels between them. We passed those. Dana walked into a nearby toilet stall area; there weren't doors, just a zig-zag as an entrance path so there wasn't a direct sight line into them. Stepping on the interior floor triggered a lever that raised a red-painted metal sign, obviously to show it was in use.
Inside, I found it looked mostly like a normal toilet, but in stainless steel and with an integrated non-lifting seat. On the wall was a pair of levers set into a frame, marked 'flush', 'bidet' and 'temp'. I hung my towel on the nearby hook and sat down, doing my thing, then decided to try the bidet function.
Wow! Zowie! The seriously cold water hit me in the penis and anus at the same time, and let me tell you, I'd very very rarely had that happen and it was the kind of surprise I wouldn't soon forget.
I kind of knew it was coming, but it's another thing entirely when it happens. The water seemed to be coming from just under the toilet seat.
I was just reaching to the temp when it warmed up, so I left it on.
Given that I'd had no way to shower for a week, I was sure my undercarriage could use the cleaning, so I let it go for a bit. I realized, then, that the proper thing was to use my hand to assist the water, which felt really odd, rubbing around my anus with my fingers to ensure I was clean? I wasn't sure of the proper way to do it.
Maybe bidets were a European thing, I decided, but the experience was definitely going to take some getting used to.
Re-wrapping my towel and coming out, I went to the sinks section, which were also prefab units of 4. The sinks, gleaming stainless steel welded one to another, had a shiny metal mirror in front of each basin and a single handle.
Dana obviously wasn't done in the toilet yet, so I waited for her.
And I waited. And I waited. Eventually, Dana came out of the toilet. I decided to not look at her since I could tell this whole thing was hard for her. She washed her hands with soap, too. This was superfluous because we were about to take showers, but obviously for her, this whole set of tasks had the feeling of a rite of passage, complete with The Ritual of Washing, or something.
We walked together, silent, to the showers section, down a short hallway. It opened into a cubby-filled area at the entrance to the showers themselves.
The showering area was a super-large rectangular room stretching away from us, 30 meters paralleling the hab gallery by the same 15 meters wide the toilets and sinks were. In between, along each wall and at close intervals through the middle of the space were stainless-steel prefab shower 'towers'.
Each tower was like my high school locker room ones, sort-of, with 4 showers on a square. The pipes came down from the ceiling. These towers filled the room, but there were also 'half-towers' against the walls.
Hung next to each shower was a 10-liter metal canister that had the word 'SOAP' deeply embossed into it.
Of course, this description is nowhere near what I was really thinking about as I came into the room. Several of the showers were in use.
I counted 11 other people in the huge room besides Dana and I. All were women, and all were naked. Some were faced towards me, some away from me, but from the view I had, all 11 were Absolutely Fucking Gorgeous.
Wow!!
Trim, fit, athletic-looking, some were pretty muscular and others less so, but who is to complain when confronted by beauty? Not Me!
Most of the ones faced towards us glanced up as we came in, obviously somewhat self-conscious of being naked and having me there. I glanced away from them quickly, up to the ceiling and the pipes, then back over to where we were walking.
My mood was profoundly torn. My stress level was pegged. I was there among these women, and I had to be Ultra Careful. Everything I said, everything I did, where I looked? Everything! But, I also was really looking forward to a shower!
For me, showers were usually about the businesslike efficiency of getting wet, getting soap on and off, and being done. Sometimes, when I was aching from a workout, though, it was particularly nice to luxuriate under the hot water. Then, the act was a sensual one, the grime washing away, lifting off of me, the hot water playing over my body, each new bit of skin feeling beautiful as the stream of water hit it. After a week, I knew it was going to be the languid shower I wanted. Delightful hot water was going to purge all traces of sticky, stinky, almost itchy travel history from my body. Not showering for a week can do that for a person.
But, I had to keep my mind off the women. In my mind's eye, I pictured the room, and counted showerheads. Comparing it to the number of people in habs around me generated a ratio, and then I mentally compared that to counts from my old college dorm hall bathrooms.
It turned out to be roughly equivalent numbers. One showerhead per 7 people for my dorm, one per about 5 here. Math is great for avoiding thinking about things because it's hard to do that and obsess over an image at the same time.
The trouble is, the images sometimes just spring forth (thanks, Etta-brain!). There's no controlling that.
I glanced again, the glance again filling my mind's vision with the unavoidable. They were Amazingly Gorgeous! Oh, My, Fucking, God. Gorgeous. What was I going to do?
Dana and I found two empty cubby holes and stopped in front of them. I said, not looking at her, looking down a bit and pursing my lips, my back to the people in the room, "Right. So, we're here. Time to ... put our towels... Uh, you okay with this? I promise I won't stare."
Out of the corner of my eye, I saw that she nodded, obviously steeling herself, "Yeah." She took her towel, untucked it from where it was held, near her left boob, and pulled it off, pushing it into the cubby.
I looked very briefly, but that was enough. I unhooked my towel as well from around my waist, and put mine in the one next to hers. She was turning to the showers. I followed.
As I turned around, I saw some people looking at us, then looking away. Not having a choice, I had to look where I was going. I followed Dana, her fabulous muscular ass swaying as she walked ahead of me. It would have been mesmerizing, but she walked up to the nearest shower, on one of the poles. I had thought she was going to go around it, so I was on the opposite side of it, and could only see her knees. I turned on the water and stepped into it. "Oh, ... Wow!" I said, "Water! Hot Water! Wow!"
Dana didn't say anything that I could hear.
I was luxuriated in it, the water playing over my back, my head, my front, I turned around, feeling it flow over me. At one level, with my eyes closed, I was feeling the water, but at another level, the rational part of my brain was self-conscious about the fact that I was naked in a room full of women, and they were probably looking at me.
I stopped turning and started soaping up, the water lifting my entire mood, happiness started bubbling up in me, happiness at the feelings of being clean, happy at being at a job that was going to pay really, really well, happiness at having responsibility for some big unknown important job area, just general happiness.
This happiness was a bit of my undoing.
Mixed in with the experience were the unbidden, unwanted pictures in my head of the soap-lathered beautiful women. Necessarily, I had to intermittently open my eyes. Each time I was greeted by more images of the women around me, naked, dripping, beautiful women, rubbing themselves, washing their hair, their boobs swaying as they moved, their legs slightly apart, some bending over to wash ankles and having their boobs dangle in the process.
I was mostly clean, my hair shampooed (okay, soaped), my body rinsed, but stayed under the water, letting it deeply relax me.
I realized, after a moment, that something wasn't quite right, and, looking down, I realized what it was. The pictures in my head - of the women around me, soap-lathered and beautiful, boobs and bush right there to see -- had had a significant effect. I had a rather sizeable erection, well near full-mast and pointing skyward.
There wasn't any avoiding it. The realization came with some significant almost-panic. At the same time my hindbrain was engaged, my forebrain was trying to contemplate how I could possibly hide it, and, really, while taking a shower, even squatting would do no good, it would be obvious that I was out of the water and then what was I doing there? Right. I was doomed. This would be noticed. This would be teased about. I was going to end up cajoled and pegged as a leering ass, a social reject. More than that, being labeled badly (I knew from school classes with group projects) usually meant getting stuck with the rejects and getting crap grades on group projects.
I needed this to work.
Of course, as all guys know, it's absolutely impossible to decide to not have an erection. It either happens or it doesn't. There's no way to not have one when you don't want it, or to make one happen when you do want it, at least without touching. And, almost all touching is stimulation, which is the Wrong Direction for what I wanted.
Mine was there. Straight, hard, pointed up and out, 45-degrees like when I'm really solid, in front of me -- Erect.
Logically, it made sense. One part of my brain said, "Pretty Girls", it met up with the fact that I'd just been in a shared container where I couldn't stroke off and 'relieve tension', so my autonomic answers didn't start at zero anyway.
I couldn't do anything about it. I was struck by indecision.
If I left early, now, as it seemed like I had to, I'd be deserting Dana. I poked my head around the pole-area thing and saw she was just rinsing the soap out of her hair. Her arms were up, hands going through her scalp, but mostly this meant her boobs were up and swaying. They were huge, at least D cup, high and half-cantaloupe like and pointing optimistically upwards, with large nipples but small diameter areolas. Her bush wasn't trimmed to a shape; mostly it was a big triangle, short enough but definitely not the ornate patterns (or lack of them) that I'd seen glancing around the shower room.
Granted, I wasn't any one to talk about trimming pubic hair. I hadn't cut mine in at least 9 months, since my last girlfriend, and even then I hadn't really made it that much shorter.
My chest hair, too, was a pretty big fur patch, and my underarms could be braided. I didn't worry about it until now. It occurred to me, I'd better do that for myself. I'd have to get some scissors, because I didn't bring any. Suddenly, I realized no one would have any! We'd all come by aircraft, only with carry-on luggage, and the TSA says you can't have scissors. How we were going to have haircuts was an open question. I hoped there was a barber or hairstylist on this base, but that wouldn't fix my manscaping.
I checked downwards again. Thinking about haircuts for a minute hadn't worked. I still had a raging boner, standing straight out from my body, dripping water like the rest of me.
I had to stop this and get out of here before everyone noticed me. I'd soaped body and hair (same stuff, not arguing when my hair hurt from being dirty), so I was ready. I turned off the water and went back over to my towel.
My cock was swaying, side to side, a "pikeman's lance on the parade ground of showers", I thought, oddly. Strange thoughts occurred to me when I was in super-stressful self-conscious situations, and having a mostly-perfect memory, I could analyze ALL of those.
Getting my towel, I faced the wall and dried off a bit. Up beside me came Dana, grabbing her towel, too.
She said, "That wasn't so bad after all. Kind of like..." she stopped, I could tell she was looking at my hard cock. After only a second or two, she said, "... uh, kind of like at the health club." She was talking slower than normal. "...Big shower room. I don't know why I was nervous. Of course, there's a guy here..." she paused again, like she was deciding what to think, how to deal with this event happening. "...like, the guy is you, right, but I know you, though, now, so, it's not so bad. I guess." She went back to drying herself, putting a foot up on a lower level cubby and drying one leg, then the other, then her hair. I was doing the same thing, trying to not watch her as much I as I could. It wasn't working. In a minute or so, we were mostly dried off, and wrapped towels around ourselves.
Mine had a somewhat significant tent pole.
Walking back out, my cock still was semi-hard. I wondered how long it would stay that way.
Dana said, as we came down the ramp and were walking slowly back to the hab, "So... Want to talk about it?" She was obviously smiling, but I could hear some compassion in there, too.
I realized her humor had some basis, and it broke over me. I surprised myself by bursting out laughing, more jovial than I actually felt, "HA! Yeah, well. Not really, what's to say. You all are freaking gorgeous, and I'm the only guy in there, and ... you're naked, and..." I gave up. I couldn't explain.
She laughed too, and we walked back to the hab, talking about other stuff, like the way the bidet part of the toilets had nice warm water. Obviously, she'd found the temp handle before I did.
We got back near the hab, and I said, "Hey, can we stop for a minute?"
"Sure."
I stood there, and leaned up against a cold granite pillar. I had to change the subject. We both knew why we were waiting. I didn't want to go into the hab with the giant tent-pole gracing the front of my towel.
She seemed to understand this conundrum, and said, "So...What do you do in real life?"
"I'm a geologist. I just got my master's. I can tell you everything you'd ever want to know about this rock right here. It's granite. If you start with lava, then it cools, that basalt. If you push basalt underground and melt it again, like at a plate boundary, and it crystalizes as it cools. That's granite. The white is quartz crystals - more or less pure silicon dioxide - and the black is feldspar."
"It makes pretty countertops."
"Yeah, and it's pretty sturdy, but it's a hard rock to try to mine or dig tunnels in. I have no idea how they built this place, it's huge. It's so beyond huge it would have taken them a decade to hollow out a tiny part of this place, just the sections we've seen, never mind the tunnel we took on the way in here."
"Oh." She was listening, but really trying to figure me out, I could see.
I looked down, my boner had subsided, so I said, "Okay. Thanks. Let's go."
She nodded slightly and we walked on.
Other Arrivals
When we got back, we walked in to find another two new habmate arrivals, and introduced ourselves. Amber (5'0", brown hair, blue eyes, VERY buxom) and Kim (tall, 6'1", black hair, thinner, close-in A-cup chest, dark eyes, Hispanic) had walked in almost together. This was a study in contrasts - Amber was short, shy, and buxom, Kim was quite tall, thin, and reasonably outgoing, but with a real take-charge attitude. They were in the front bedroom and Jo was giving a tour. After we said hello and shook hands, we both took our leave quickly.
I closed the back-bedroom door behind us. We both stood there for a minute; I realized we'd have to dress in front of each other.
Dana said, "Listen, I..." She paused for a moment, gathering her thoughts.
I was looking around, trying to figure out if there was a way around this.
She said, "Okay. So, we've seen each other naked now, right? And, we're going to be in the same bedroom for a couple of months at least, right? So, you're going to see me naked, I'm going to see you naked, we're going to have to get over this."
I nodded, and said, "...Yeah. True enough. Uh, I'm sorry if I'm upsetting you."
She looked confused, then laughed, and said, "Wow! Ha, I'm ... not upset by your being naked. I'm... more used to being a private person, I guess. I wasn't ever really nude that much around my boyfriends, either, we just didn't... It was mostly under the covers."
Shrugging, I said, "Oh. Okay. Well, I'm not that shy, but, like, there's this no-fraternization thing, and the no-harassment thing, and I don't want to get in trouble, I need this sort-of-job a LOT, and ... I don't want to mess it up."
Her eyes flared, "I KNOW, right? So, I guess, well, you can relax, then, 'cuz there's no way I'm going to, there's no way I can, report you for being naked in our, your... this bedroom. Really, 'cuz, like, I'm going to be naked, too? Plus, you know, like, the showers, right? I think they must think we have no modesty or anything."
"Yeah." There wasn't arguing with that logic. We were facing each other, not at angles. I was really self-conscious, but then it occurred to me she must be, too. Aligned with each other, we both had our arms crossed, which I realized, so I shifted to scratch my stomach, then my arms dropping to my sides, opening myself up, sort-of, physically. But, it was also an emotional opening up action, I thought. Her arms, likewise, dropped, as she noticed what I was doing. Obviously, we were both thinking about each other's body language, like it was a thing, hanging in the air between us.
She spoke first, again, "So." Her face screwed up a little with a half-squinted questioning eye, "Are you going to go first now, or am I?" She smiled. Really, it was more a combination halfway-smirk and mischievous grin.
"Uh? Same time?"
She was inquiring, then, genuinely wanting to know, "Are you going to look at me?" It seemed like she was encouraging me to say yes.
I decided to be truthful, "I... I might. I'm not going to try to, but... I might look. I don't think I can avoid it here. Can... can I look at you? Like, Look AT you? Then, like, it'll be... fair, I guess, if you look at me, and we'll... not have this thing going on?"
She nodded, considering the idea, "'S'pose so. You look, I look, then we get dressed."
"I'll try not to be creepy." I laughed.
She laughed back, "Uh, ... Okay?"
"On 3."
She counted, "1... 2... ... ... 3." She pulled her towel off, and stood there. I pulled my towel off at the same time, holding it by my side. I looked at her eyes, she looked at mine. I let my eyes drift south, and looked at her neck, arms, then her boobs (oh wow!). My breath sucked in a bit as I beheld her, and I might have said something. Looking down, I was forcing myself to go slowly and take in what I was seeing.
I saw her bush, her athletic build, her strong legs and tight abdomen... she was gorgeous!
Really, that was a profound Truth, a mathematical fact. She was totally, freakin' gorgeous. At the top of her legs, her small mons was mostly hidden by overlong pubic hair that still looked a bit wet.
My eyes returned to her boobs. I stared at them for a minute, then glanced up at her face. There were tears in her eyes, but she was smiling at me. I was concerned all of a sudden, and said, "Uh, did I ... why are you crying?"
She shook her head, "No, not crying. Happy. That's one of the nicest compliments I've ever had."
I was confused. "What?"
"You looked at me. You said, 'wow'. More than that. Your eyes said it, too. That was... a really good compliment."
I shrugged, "Sorry... I mean, thank you, or.. you're welcome, or.. whatever."
We didn't say anything for a couple of seconds. I looked into her eyes, and she into mine.
She started smiling more broadly, and kind of nodded in a chin-thrusting sort of way, "It's nice. Thank you... And, I can say..." she looked down my body slowly, and up again to my eyes, "... You have a pretty nice body yourself. Very athletic. I think we were all working out a lot."
I wanted to look more.
My eyes went down, again, and I stared at Dana's boobs. Her areolae were relatively small, but on the upper part of the breast, 'looking up' so to speak. They were pinkish and slightly puffy, standing proud of the rest of the breast. Small dimples dotted around the nipple, and even some vanishingly tiny blond-ish hairs. The nipples were both very prominent, in the cool air, little nubbins, a small indentation in the left one.
Across the top of her chest, it looked like there was a flush-red, like getting red in the face only on her chest. Being that her breasts were both pretty large, they were firm and round and stood well away from the slight undulations of her ribs below.
Her forearms, by her sides, had the slightest suntan, but breast skin was much brighter white, almost pale.
I could even see a network of blue lines under the skin where veins in the breast spread out. It made me want to feel for a pulse, to hold on to them, to touch the softness of the skin.
I think I licked my lips slightly.
Coming back to myself slightly, I glanced down and saw my cock had again grown, sticking out from my body at more than half mast this time. I looked back up at her, at her eyes. She was watching my face.
She said, "I ... I think we'd better get dressed now."
I took a long deep inhaling breath that caught a little. "Yeah. Probably."
Turning to our open cabinets, we started dressing. In one cubby of mine were new packages of boxer-briefs, so I tore one open and put a pair on. Glancing over, I saw Dana was doing the same thing with some underwear of her own, and then a new package of jogging bras.
The new bra turned out to be somewhat on the small side for her, I couldn't help but notice.
She said, sarcastically, "Great. I'm going to have to see if someone wants to trade." She tugged at the jogbra, trying to get it to fit better. "This isn't a good solution, long term. Still, for tonight, it's better than the dirty clothes I've been in for the past week."
"No doubt," I agreed, before noticing how her boobs were coming out of the top a bit. "On the plus side, it makes your... cleavage look really sweet!?!"
She chuckled, putting on a plain black T-shirt, "Thank you, sure, but I'm not trying to look sweet. I'm trying to be comfortable."
We both unwrapped packages of sweat pants and socks, and then found we had several pairs of 'Crocs' sandal-shoes. I put on a pair, dark blue. "Better than shoes for here, maybe?"
She agreed, 'Crocs aren't my first fashion choice, but around here, probably a good option. Everybody here has them now, so that makes them 'in style' automatically."
Closing our cabinet doors, we walked back towards the door, Dana leading the way, me right behind her. Suddenly, though, right before she opened the door, she stopped and turned around. I almost bumped into her. As she turned to face me, I smelled her hair, like the soap we'd used and nice enough after the shower. I started to back up a bit, but I was off balance. She was nearly my height; her face was right close to mine. She said, in a whisper, her head angled slightly down but her eyes looking deeply into mine, "One more thing." She leaned in and kissed me on my right cheek, softly, kind of slowly, taking a full 2 or 3 seconds to do it. Our faces were touching. I closed my eyes and felt it, and smiled.
She said, "That, is for the 'wow'. Thank you. Seriously. I'm going to remember that."
I nodded, still a little stunned, feeling the echos of her lips on my cheek, of her cheek on my cheek, of the magnetic tug of her face to mine as she was just that close to me.
A second or two more, eyes locked, and she got more businesslike, stiffening up, "Now. We meet the new habmates," turned, and opened the door.
Still, the sense-echo of the kiss was resonating with me. I managed to walk straight, but I'm not sure how.
Amber, Kim, and Jo were sitting on different couches in the 'mid' room, talking, but they stopped when we walked in.
Jo said, "Hey, you took a while."
Kim said, "And, they changed at the same time. In the same room." Looking at us, she said, "Did you see each other?" Her grin said she was trying to stir up trouble.
I said, "We kind of had to change..."
Dana interrupted, her mood more blatant and amused-confrontational back at Kim. "The showers. That's where we were, just now? Taking showers. Yeah, you should know. The showers are unisex."
She paused to let that sink in for Kim and Amber. They looked blankly, then, their eyes got bigger.
Dana explained with a half-smile of having achieved something that they were going to have to deal with. "Everyone has to shower in the same big room. We're all naked. Everyone. Guys, girls, both, same room, naked. We were all naked in front of each other. So, to answer your question? Yes, we were naked here. We were naked there, then we were naked here. So, yeah, we did 'see' each other. I saw him. He saw me. I suspect we're all going to see each other eventually."
Kim's eyes got big, "NO! Really!?" She looked at Jo, who nodded. We all nodded. Amber and Kim looked at each other, then Kim said, really to just me, "You must have totally loved it."
This kind of hit a raw nerve, I guess. I responded, starting to lose it, "Love it?!? Not really! Well, maybe... but, NO, not really. For you, sure, it's mostly girls around here, no big whup. Showers, with girls, you do that a lot, right? Just lots of girls, all the time that's what you see. You have less to worry about than I do. So, yeah, you're all naked, but you're not looking at each other. Now, with a guy in the room? You're looking -- at the guys."
Kim said, "I'm not going to..."
I interrupted and said, "Not AT the guys, then, really. The girls in there, just now, they weren't looking at me, really, I don't think." I replayed the 'video' in my head of the way some of the girls looked at me as we were showering. "...I think they were looking at my mood. They were trying to figure me out, and probably presuming I'm the perv, looking at them. There's no way I win here. No way at all. Giant rules about No Fraternization, big consequences, life consequences, money, all that... consequences with a capital 'C'. There I am, I'm in the same room as them, but I can probably do absolutely nothing right except stare at the floor and hope no one objects to my being there. No matter what I do, I'm utterly, totally, effing doomed, they can decide I'm thinking something, so therefore I am, and I get blamed for standing there. I have to shower there, now, this coming internship, I'll have to be there, in the same room, watching I don't do anything that can be interpreted incorrectly."
Kim said, "Welcome to our world."
"What?" I was taken aback.
"It's like that for women all the time. Not in the shower. In offices, out at bars or with people you don't know well. Watching, looking for how we're being perceived, trying to be more formal than we want to be. Having to put on an act, all the time. Just, trying to be accepted as normal, wanting a job, do the job, same as everyone, as if we weren't just our gender."
This was a thing, obviously. I remembered my first girlfriend talking about this a lot, so I saw where Kim was coming from.
This was interesting, so I said, "Okay, so, you have a point."
Kim said, "Damn straight. Welcome to our world."
"I had a different problem than you do though."
"What, you have it worse because you're not used to the persecution?"
I laughed, "No, I get persecuted for entirely different reasons most of the time. This time, I ... Okay, can I be perfectly honest here? I'm sorry if I offend you, I'm going to say what I really was feeling?"
"Sure."
"So, I'm in the showers, there's 11 other people and Dana, and me. We're all naked. But, it's not the pick-11-random-middle-aged people version of naked. It's not, here's some office workers and we've taken their clothes." I laughed, picturing some of the people I'd interacted with on trips to the field. "No, here, we have a group of completely exceptional people, in lots of ways. These 11, these 12 women, every one of them, I saw at the fastest glance, is dead-on gorgeous, just like the people in my travel container. Everybody has been working out really hard, and eating right for months and months, right?"
"True enough."
"So what just happened was, I was in there, and..." I heaved a big sigh, and got honest, frank with my voice and my mood. "It was ... sexy as hell! It's cold dead-on fabulous! It's a dream straight from heaven, no way around it! If you describe this scenario to any group of guys, of course they'll say, 'Heavennnnn!!!' Probably in multi-octave Rachmaninoff G-Major chords."
Their eyes showed they were getting my drift, but I went on.
"So, I was in there, it's sexy, my brain is firing off images into my head, afterimages of the people there I'd just glanced at, but vivid, clear, perfectly inspectable in slow motion, pictures. My brain, as you'll find out, it kind of odd that way. Unbidden, these images are flashing at me. Sure, I'm standing there in the hot water, feeling it roll over me, eyes closed, calming me down. But, my hindbrain, it's in full slideshow mode, and I can't shut off the after-images."
"I'm thinking, desperately, hey, I have to work with these people, I'm going to get blamed and cited and worlds of hurt beyond, with no way to assert innocence. None. Despite my best intentions of just cleaning up, and intense thought on the way here about how to stay away from sexual harassment lawsuits, the hindbrain, it wins the moment. Up the flagpole, I'm doomed."
There was a pause in the conversation while people took this in.
Kim said, looking at Dana, "Up the?"
Dana explained, "Flagpole. He got a stiffie."
Kim said, almost compassionately, "In the shower? There, in front of everyone? While you were showering, or were you just standing there staring at people?"
"Not staring, exactly," I said, "My eyes were closed most of the time. Trying not to look. Trouble is, images stick in my head. Like, to shower? You have to look for the soap. You can't just imagine, in a new place, where you are. Old shower? Sure. I could do the whole thing blindfolded. But, there? Where's the effing soap, right? So, I had to look. But, right beyond the soap? Utterly beautiful. I can't not see it. Then, it sticks..." I inhaled and exhaled slowly, "It was too much. What can I say. And, no way to fix it. I can't unsee -- beautiful naked boobs, butts, hardbody, wowzers...."
Kim digested this info, and nodded slowly, "Yeah. I can bet that was... Embarrassing." Her voice was lower; she could see the problem here, I could tell. This wasn't something to tease people over, this was an emotional thing. I was relieved; Kim seemed to have a sense of compassion. Their eyes, looking at me, warmed a bit, I was a victim of misunderstanding, not a naked perv in a shower.
Her 'embarrassing' resonated with me. I looked back at her, my eyes totally emphasizing. "Yes. That's, a yes. A definite, Oh boy, yes." I sighed. "I'm going to have lots of teasing tomorrow, I think. If I know the way rumor mills work, the whole place is going to be laughing at me."
Kim disagreed, and Amber chimed in, and soon there was quite the debate. I sat and listened, embarrassed by the whole damn thing, my face glowing red for a while. My problem had become a complex problem to be solved, looked at from lots of angles. They each had stories from school about inopportune moments, guys who had erections in class they'd noticed, etc. I just sat there, letting the conversation wash over me. Leaning back, I closed my eyes, trying to relax. One helluva day, I thought.
Definitely, one wild ride of a day. And it was barely past lunchtime.
We kept chatting, people we'd met in our travel containers. About an hour later, there was a knock on the front door, and another 15 minutes later, another. We had two new habmates.
Kim introduced everyone around and everyone shook hands. Jamie (5'6", short-brown hair, b-cup, not particularly 'pretty', kind of rugged-looking, like she enjoyed being outdoors), and Lisa (5'2", Asian-looking, C cup on a very-thin frame, black hair) dropped their packs on the beds and sat down on couches while everyone brain-dumped what the place was like and a summarized version of the shower situation, leaving my dilemma out of it.
Everyone wanted showers, too, and there was a set of departures as they unpacked and headed out, then came back and talked amazedly about the bidets, the way everything was gleaming stainless steel, how there was these guys in the shower but they were trying not to look at people but they couldn't help it, about how they dangled a bit and they hadn't seen guys showering before. One had a really cute butt, Jamie said, but it was all furry, lots of leg and butt hair, she said.
It wasn't news to me that there were guys like that. I'd been in the cross country in high school, had done IM track and soccer, gone to health clubs, all that. LOTS of examples popped out of guys I'd seen with significant body hair - and back hair, even. I kept my mouth shut, though.
Jamie, Lisa, and Kim then branched into a small debate about whose butt was cuter, leaving me out of the whole thing.
Today was not the day to point out that I was no longer allowed to make comparisons on attractiveness or cuteness but they were.
In the middle of this debate, our 8th and last habmate, Heather, arrived. She was 160 cm (5'4"), medium-build trim body, and a set of bright, clear, long-lashed blue eyes set above cute dimpled cheeks. I couldn't look at her very long, either, though I stood to say hello and welcome her. She got changed, and Lisa led her off towards the showers.
Eventually, we all decided we were hungry, and everyone had showered and was fresh looking, so off we went to find the cafeteria.
Cafeteria
Multiple cafeteria doors, each large enough to let through a robot-carrier carrying a high-cube container, opened into a space just as tall as the hallways.
Walking in, I had a sense of awe at the expansive lunchroom-auditorium. It was a work of art, with bright white walls, pillars, and vaulted ceilings supported throughout by many tall columns. Along both distant side walls, shipping containers stacked 4 high stretched from the back wall to the front, taking up maybe 10% of the floor space, but I had the feeling this was a sign of an under-construction situation.
The floor sloped down slightly to the front, less than a normal auditorium floor since it mostly was a cafeteria, but the space definitely was dual use. The deep stage in front obviously had wings, and a flatter part right in front that was probably the orchestra pit.
The white ceiling lacked pipes, unlike the hallways; instead some pipes went around high on the walls, visible just above the highest container. Stairways led up to the 2 meter-high stage on the left, right, and center, though the center one was far more steep.
It kind of reminded me of a middle school cafeteria.
Most cafeterias didn't have pillars, but at least these were more thin-long and aimed to the stage, to obscure the view less, while still holding the roof up. Lights around the pillar tops shone upwards onto the ceiling, giving it a well lit and cheery vibe.
Of course, the containers on the walls reached all the way to the lights so there were some shadows, but I had the feeling the containers were a last-minute addition despite having so many of them. Also on each pillar, lower down so we could see them but still well above head height, were several big-screen TV's, faced in different directions. They were off. I wondered when they'd come on.
Once inside, I turned around to look back, up and behind me.
There was a balcony space there, deep cut in above the entrance atrium and doors. It wasn't as deep or high enough to be over the corridor, but it looked big enough to hold a bunch of people.
To the back left and right, two sculpted stairways led up to that balcony, curving into the wall to make the length longer, but with a handrail-parapet-wall so you couldn't easily fall off the stairs into the room.
The grace of the curves there struck me again as just amazingly beautiful architecture.
The bottom leftmost containers, 3 of them, were open, and I could see writing on the outside that said, "OPEN ME NOW", and on the inside were some instruction sheets. As a group, we walked over there since it was a hub of activity.
People were pulling shrink-wrapped packages of steel out to the center of the room and assembling their parts into tables and chairs. The dining room tables were rectangular 2 x 1 meters, but each was so heavy it took 3 people to carry all the parts and then lift it upright. It looked like they were built to withstand a cave-in or something, which occurred to me was a good reason to have them be sturdy.
I was intrigued by the design of the tables as well. Two cross-bars the length of the table held the corner-legs one way, and 2 other cross bars with rabbit-notches fit over them to make the thing fit together solidly without bolts. Once assembled, the tables were so heavy, solid, and implacable that they would be laughably impervious to people. I could readily imagine using one to support a car while changing engine parts underneath it.
Making your cafeteria table was apparently part of having lunch. The level of activity in the room was purposeful and eager.
Kim took charge and split us into teams of 4 to build our table and unload chairs. Walking up to the open container, we watched in fascination for a moment because the contents were packed ultra-tight, a 3d puzzle of dependencies to get any one piece out.
At the top and sides people were pulling out any loose pieces, huffing and puffing, contorting themselves in the tight spaces. We got to the front to get ours, and I discovered the struggle to move them was not unfounded! Each chair had to be 15 to 20 kilos of solid steel, so you could only carry away one, or maybe drag two at a time.
Once we'd assembled a pair of tables (more than we needed, our 8 could fit around one table) and brought over 8 chairs, we headed over to get food from the second container, where people were unloading boxes onto some tables there. Obviously, we needed to keep unloading.
The second container's door sign read, "Utensils / First Day Meals" and was being unpacked onto a set of tables people had set up. More people were arriving, and we all hauled out and stacked boxes of institutional-sized massive pull-top cans of food. The labels weren't generic, either, like I thought would be normal at an army base.
No, instead, there were major brands of soup, Pork-n-Beans, peaches, canned veggies in small and immense 10-serving cans, cream corn, green sweet peas, 2 liter bottles of different kinds of soda, and all manner of other things like huge boxes of heavy silverware and steel bowls, cold-cereal-sized, and dinner plates, also in gleaming thick stainless steel.
We helped unload as well, before getting plates and silverware ourselves and helpings of food that wasn't from an MRE. Given, there wasn't any place to heat it up, but, then, it was food, and we were hungry.
It was a heck of a lunch. We went back to our self-built table and chowed down.
After eating, we all had to decide what to do with the dirty dishes. Seeing people walking up to the balcony area with dirty dishes, we followed the crowd up and found a set of dishwashing sinks and running water to hose it all down with. A set of institutional plate-holding rolling carts and utensil bins made the obvious destination when we'd washed our stuff.
Interestingly, above the dishwashing stations were steel-braided hoses labeled, "LIVE STEAM" with nozzles that could be triggered while pointed at the dishes. I wasn't in a hurry to try that, I'd seen live steam at a chemical plant that was hot and high-pressure enough to cut through solid aluminum fasteners. There's no upper temperature bound for live steam, really, since at high pressure it can stay steam up at over 900 Celsius. The handle might not have been that hot, but - egads - I'm not playing with it!
We walked back to the hab.
The food had sated us, and I felt quite a bit more relaxed.
It seemed like the thing to do, to sit as a group in the 'midhab'.
We introduced ourselves a little, and talked about how odd the showers were, what kind of travel container events happened (the toilet noises you just knew everyone could hear), and even one girl who'd figured out how to sneak in nail clippers past the TSA and cut her nails from the top bunk, dribbling toenail clippings below and into the carpet. She utterly resisted cleaning them up until everyone ganged up on her and made her pick up all the clippings using a flashlight to find them.
The speculation on what the jobs were going to be like was utterly uninformed but we didn't care. Various theories abounded that we were going to be working on or with superfast aircraft, area-51 aliens, some kind of James Bond secret space program, superweapons, becoming drone pilots, and other craptastic ideas.
A dominant theme of the conversation was how the showers and the gender ratio was intended as an 'enforced equalization' between all of us that had decidedly military overtones. Of course, there were lots of military overtones to this internship in general.
We talked about where we were interviewed and how the examinations went, and all the medical tests. It turned out Fort Carson lady resembled the one who'd met with Heather and Lisa, but the others had met with an older, balding man with skin so pale he looked like he was literally going to die later that day or something. All of the security people we'd seen, really, and a lot of the van drivers, had also been sickly looking, so we wondered if there was some reason they had gotten sick.
One thing the others had in common (which I missed out on) was having an OB/GYN appointment with an older lady that wasn't their normal physician. This subject hadn't come up in my travel container, but at that point, everyone was still conforming to OPSEC say-nothing rules.
This older lady said they should all get Norplant installed, the birth-control capsule implanted under the skin in the inner upper arm. They were given a description that we were all going to be keeping odd hours, be moving around in possibly quite rough country, be unable to predict what we could bring with us or carry along, and that we might have to (on more than one occasion) leave behind things suddenly due to exigent circumstances.
This description led to all the women getting a recommendation that the Norplant would make a lot of sense, and that it would be completely paid for. They'd all taken the offer, but they said it was odd because they weren't supposed to have relations either before or during the internship, yet here they were offering them this expensive birth control option.
While this was a little odd, we all decided the podiatrist idea was even more strange. Everyone had had a whole-body MRI that took absolutely forever and was loud, but the idea of getting completely scanned was funny to some of them. The girls were somewhat intrigued when I mentioned I was asked to provide a semen sample, and wondered how that worked. I could sense wanting more details than I was willing to provide on the exact procedure, so I summarized and just said that they had computer porn and lube available and I provided the sample.
The good-natured smiles all around were not, I realized, at my expense. They were genuinely happy that the inconvenience they'd had to undergo in getting this OB/GYN and Norplant thing done was somehow matched in embarrassment factor for a guy, too. The equality of that appealed to them, I thought.
They were right. I agreed - they did have it worse. Lots of things about being a woman were LOTS more of a hassle, no question.
I was pretty sure (but didn't mention) the trade-off in past centuries was a far greater likelihood of having my head bashed in with a sword at a young age. It might be an interesting thing, to figure out whether on average, more women died young in childbirth vs. men dying in battle or protecting the family from lions, tigers, and bears (oh my).
A Different Place Without Moving
We were just about to go around the room and talk about where we were born and educated and all that, when my ears popped. I looked around, and saw Kim open her mouth like on airplanes, and then Jamie did it, too, and Jo. Then, my ears popped again, like they were going to a higher pressure, not a lower one.
Dana had been saying something, but she shut up and looked around. We were all noticing the change.
I said, "You all?"
Everyone nodded.
A third time my ears popped. I could tell something serious was happening with the air pressure. We all stood up and went out into the gallery, and saw most everyone was coming out of their hab.
Loudspeakers, which no one knew made any noise, suddenly made a scratchy sound like they were being turned on, then played a musical chime like on the London Underground, except...
Heather said, "A-minor-7th". I looked at her quizzically, and she said, "Oh, yeah. I have perfect pitch."
I nodded, smiling at her, "Good to know. And... Kind of cool!"
We waited. The chime played again 30 seconds later. While we were waiting, Heather said, "It's not always cool - the perfect pitch thing... Good music is great. Bad music is uncomfortable. Most people think they'd like perfect pitch, but, really, it's mostly a pain in the ass. Lots of music's played out of tune. Even, like, Electronic stuff, which makes no freaking sense. It really just grates on me, and sometimes it really gets in the way of an otherwise nice party or whatever."
The chime played a third time, and then a female computer-generated voice spoke. It was the first time we'd heard a public address. We all stared up and listened. It said:
Attention. Attention please. Announcements.
Number 1. The last container has arrived. All interns are now inside of Camp Zester.
Number 2. Gate 58 has closed to enable travel container fumigation to begin.
Number 3. All interns are urged to get sufficient sleep. Tomorrow's schedule is full.
Number 4. Bells schedule is as follows: First call is 05:50. Reveille is 0-6 hundred. Lunch starts at Lunch-Ho bells, 12 hundred hours. Lunch ends at Pa-Lunch bells, 12 hundred 30. Dinner-Ho, 17-30. Pa-Dinner, 18-30. Night Bells are at 21 hundred 30. Night illumination starts at 22 hundred.
Number 5. Welcome ceremony starts at 0-9-hundred. That is 9 am sharp. An assembly call will sound at 08:30. Be in place and seated in your level's cafeteria by 08:45. Attendance at this assembly is mandatory and will contain crucial briefing information.
The message paused for 10 seconds, then repeated, then repeated again, start to finish. Finally, at the end, it said, "That is all."
Kim asked, 'I wonder what time it is..."
Knowing that answer at any given moment, I told her. I said, "It's 4:45 pm."
She looked at me with one eyebrow up. Dana turned and looked at me, then the others, too, turned to me.
I said, "Oh, yeah. I forgot to mention. I have this thing. I know what time it is. Most of the time, that is, I know. It's almost always, actually, that I know the time. It's just one of those weird things. I used to wear a watch, then I figured out I already knew what time it was, just kind of, inside, so I stopped wearing one... Except for running. Biometrics."
"You mean, like, anytime, anywhere?
I said, "Sure, mostly. Really, I think everyone could do it if they wanted to, just maybe not as well as I can. Like, you," I spoke to Heather, "Don't you know what time it is?"
"Sure," Heather said, "it's Wednesday."
We laughed.
Dana said, smiling, "So... what time is it.... Now!?!?!"
I laughed, shaking my head, "It's about 4:47... pm. I could be off by 15 minutes or so on a normal day, but it's been a week, so I might have drifted. And, that's Seattle time. I don't know what it is local time, if that's central Alaska time, or what. Dunno. It feels like, before 5 pm, and I just kind of went with it."
Heather asked, "Always? You Always know what time it is?"
I shrugged, "If I don't get enough sleep, my internal clock wanders, I get messed up. If I have enough sleep, I wake up about a minute before any time I decide to wake up at."
They nodded. Lisa said, 'I'd love that. I'd never be late again."
I chuckled and shook my head. "Sadly, *No* I'm still late sometimes. I just know that I'm late, and by how much and I don't like it. It's more pressure to be there early."
That prompted a long conversation on how hard it was to get up some mornings, and how some people were morning people and some were night people, and it kept going.
My stomach was getting empty, but I wasn't going to be the first one to suggest we eat. Right at 17:30, the loudspeakers sounded the tri-tone A-Minor.
Kim said, "Dinner-Ho, apparently."
We all got up slowly and headed out.
Dinner was a lot more crowded than lunchtime, probably because everyone was trying to eat at nearly the same time, plus more people had arrived.
Gifts
Near the end of dinner, we heard a commotion from over by the open containers, where the food was. Someone Shouted, "Attention! Hey, Everybody!"
We all quieted down and looked over. There was a girl standing up on a table right next to the containers with food, holding a box over her head. There was big lettering on the box. It said, "B3A1".
She said, "This box is labeled, quote, B3A1, unquote. Then below that, it says, "DO NOT OPEN UNLESS YOU LIVE IN HAB B3A1. THIS BELONGS TO THEM."
She looked around, "Who lives in B3A1?!?!"
"Here!" Some people down towards the front stood up, and one of them came up to her to get the box.
She made a motion to someone next to her, and they handed her another box. She yelled, "Okay, B3A2. Who's that?"
Some other people yelled, and then she said, "Aw, Hell. Each hab, send up somebody. Everybody get in line in order, it'll go easier. Start here."
I smiled. I liked this girl. She'd taken charge.
Kim said, "Who wants to go?"
Jamie said, "You go."
Kim went up and brought back the box. Other writing on the box said, 'Open while in your hab with all hab members present. This box contains gifts. Fold and retain box."
We were done eating already, so we washed our dishes on the balcony and went back to our hab.
Unpacking, Arrangements, and Statements
Back at the hab, we opened the box. Breaking the security packing tape seal, we found a set of 8 solar-cell-charging flashlights in 8 different colors, then 8 other boxes, quite heavy, half-shoebox sized. There were no labels on them, they were just plain boxes. With 8, there was one per person, so we handed them around so everyone had one.
Heather wanted to go first. She opened hers, and found inside the cardboard was a really nice heavy lacquered wood box. Inside of that, which turned out to be a kind of jewelry case, was a watch.
Now, when I say it was a watch, I'm not talking about inexpensive Casio or Timex ones I'd seen at large stores. No, these were Very Nice Watches.
Really, even 'very nice' is nowhere close to right. It said, "Breitling" on it. We appreciated hers briefly before opening ours to find the same thing, except each watch was slightly different. The wristbands varied, and watch face types and colors, too. Each was quite different, but they all were Breitling. I looked closely, and we decided to trade around a bit based on personal preference. I settled on a leather-banded one with the words, "Chronometre Navitimer" on it. The color was nice, too. We all put them on.
Bedtime
I was getting tired. We all had been up early given that boat's engine had changed pitch about 2 am. hadn't slept much in the previous night, for whatever reason, and today had been a Big Deal. The 9:30 bells (really tri-tone) sounded, and I interrupted to suggest we make our beds. They weren't made yet, they were bare mattresses, but I'd seen bed-linens in one of the cabinets.
Agreeing with this concept, we all got up and went to our respective rooms.
Jo handed out linens to Lisa and Dana, and then we stood back as they made their bed. Ours, the upper, would have meant stepping on lots of toes if we did it at the same time.
The sheets we had were flannel - super nice, thick, warm, soft, white, with some kind of design on them that was hard to see. Lisa and Dana chose a soft dark-burgundy blanket from among the variety of colors and patterns of ones in the upper cabinets. Jo said she liked the dark green one with black striping, and I couldn't have cared less so we went with that one.
It had long been my opinion (formed in early junior high) that girls tended to care about the stupidest things. Like, what color the car is. As if that means anything about how well it functions. The color of the blanket had zero importance to me. Colors almost always mean absolutely nothing to me.
Over time, I learned to keep many of my opinions to myself.
The pillows were sad, tiny, dense things in vacuum-pack plastic, but once we opened them the vacuum released and they got to be normal sized and soft again in about 3 seconds.
Jo and I decided we were both tired, and that we were going to sleep soon. I grabbed my toothbrush and toothpaste and headed out the door to the bathroom. Passing through the other bedroom I thought I was unobserved, but Heather said, 'Hey, Kevin! Wait up."
I turned around. She had her toothpaste, too. We walked together.
We passed people in other habs; some were sitting in the gallery talking with people. Lots of people were talking, chatting, making friends; it inspired me to ask Heather, "Hey...?"
"Yeah?"
I asked, wanting her opinion in a more considered way than the conversation in the midroom allowed, "So, why do you think there's 7 girls and one guy in a hab...?"
She smiled, shook her head, and said, "Really? Dunno. In our travel container, the ratio was a big discussion point. Some people thought it might be that the army was experimenting with how men and women worked together when there were more women than men, but still when everybody is really kind of young, so we're not, like, our parent's age, and all stodgy and bent on backwards thinking and stuff. No clue, though...."
We walked a minute, then she said, "Maybe they want us to gang up on you, tie you up, and tickle you until you can recite the lyrics to all the songs in the movie 'Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants'!
I laughed.
She went on, "Or! How 'bout, we torture you until you can knit and perl reliably!"
She laughed again. I think I wasn't thinking the jokes were as funny as she did.
Getting there, we brushed our teeth side by side. I could see, underneath her t-shirt, she'd taken off her bra. I used the toilet again, and washed up again, and waited for her to do the same.
Walking back, she said, quietly, "I don't know why yet, about the ratio. Obviously, none of us do. But, I have a feeling there's going to be a good reason for it, and it may not be a good one for either one of us. Or, it may be utterly innocuous. We have no idea."
I nodded back to her. There was nothing to say.
Sleepy Time
I got back, and found Jo and the others had all left, too, and must have taken a different turning to get to the bathroom because we missed them.
I crawled into bed, turning off the room light, and bringing my flashlight and a book with me.
Soon enough, though, Dana, Lisa, and Jo all got back. We all climbed in. Dana closed our room door.
A very small beep sounded at 10 pm, and we saw (though the louvers, an almost window, almost air-vent on the wall) that the lights had gone down outside our hab. As it did, Dana (below us) mentioned setting her watch to it, so we all followed suit.
I turned off my flashlight, put it on a nice, small platform-shelf on the bedpost above my head along with my book, and settled down. Jo was already lying flat, staring at the ceiling.
Jo said, quietly, "Kevin?"
I said, "Yeah?"
"Don't get any funny ideas."
I laughed and whispered back. "Nope. I'm just here for the food."
She laughed back at me. "Okay. I may be sleeping next to you, but I'm not going to sleep "with" you. Get me?"
I tried my best to sound calm and reasonable. "I'll keep to myself. Please take it easy shaking that booty around, though." She'd done that earlier, laughing and oh-so-jokingly shaking it once at me while crawling around on the bed trying to tuck in the corners. I continued, "Not that I mind, really, it's a nice booty, but it's hard to concentrate when it's, like, right there and stuff."
"Get used to it. We're all kinda tight in here. I don't know if I'm going to like having to stare at your dangly-bits all the time, either."
My brain was shutting down. I said, "Okay. Sorry. I'll work on that, then... I think. Sorry." I had lost my train of thought. I said, "Good night."
A First Day Dawns
LOUD LOUD LOUD music pounded me awake. It was 'first call', we found out, the 'start the horserace' bugle call ("baa-baa-baa pom-dada pom-dada pom-pom-pom-poomm", ...), sounded over the loudspeakers throughout the facility.
It was 5:50 am.
Jo and I both jerked up, sitting up, trying to figure out what the noise was. We looked at each other. A small amount of light was coming from below, where Dana had left her flashlight on all night as a night light.
The music ended, and we both fell back flat on our backs. I had slept like a rock. I looked over at Jo, laying flat, the blanket at her waist. Her boobs weren't that big, but her nipples were very apparent in the white shirt just then.
She noticed me noticing them, and I noticed I was staring, and moved my gaze purposefully elsewhere, and said, "You getting up, then?"
We chatted a couple of minutes, and then at exactly 6 am, another trumpet call, this time 'Reveille'. I'd worn my new watch to bed. It felt nice, but it also felt too rich to wear just around the hab.
I got up and went over to my cabinet and changed into some clean underwear, with my butt facing the girls. I was figuring they'd see me eventually, but I didn't really have much choice about it regardless.
Jo opened her cabinet, right beside mine and looked at me. I looked into my cabinet. She pulled off her shirt, I could see out of the corner of my eye, and pulled on a jogging bra, shorts, socks, and running shoes. She was going running.
I asked her, "Hey, if you're running, can I run with you?"
She did the head side-to-side sure-whatever thing, so I quickly pulled off my underwear and pulled on my running underwear, which along with shorts and running shoes had been allowed as optional in my carry-on backpack. It had a label 'SAXX' on the outside, which I thought tremendously funny, since in a way, underwear as a scrotal support really made Saxx a sack for a sack, so saxx was a perfect name! I greatly amused myself. It could be the name was accidental; you could never be sure.
Finishing prep, I followed Jo outside and we emerged in the hallway in front of the hab with several other early risers, a bunch of whom were headed to the showers.
We stretched for a couple of minutes, during which time all the rest of our hab-mates came out to join us, most to do yoga, some to do Tai-Chi.
Stretching turned my bladder into must-go-now mode, so we ran to the bathrooms first, where I used the urinals for the first time, and Jo said, 'No Fair!' as she went by me into a stall.
While I was there peeing, another guy came up and we nodded absently. I realized I felt a kinship to him in this place only because we were both guys in a sea of girls.
Surprisingly, the girls finished before I did, but were washing hands. There were hot air hand dryers all over, high and low, and even some dryers that were like a head-to-toe height wall grate with a box behind it that blew large amounts of air all over you, like a whole-body air hand-dryer. I had seen them briefly last night but didn't know what they did.
Around the corner from my view, up walked a girl wearing absolutely nothing and dripping wet, carrying a towel in one hand. She walked up to this dryer, calm as can be. I was getting a very nice eyeful, and because she was using the blower thing, I could watch how it worked and not officially be staring at her, really. It blew her hair utterly sideways, powerfully, but she was giggling and she shouted to her friend that it really worked.
Mostly, I watched her boobs jiggle. I was horny.
Again, I pondered how it was I was supposed to relieve myself of, shall we say, Tension. From the time I got to the airport onwards, I had been surrounded by people. I had plenty of lascivious thoughts, certainly, and almost had the opportunity once to rub one out in the toilet stall on the voyage, but then someone came in beside me and I knew I couldn't be that quiet.
Jo bumped me and I realized I was staring. She smiled, "Come on. Let's get some miles in."
She and I took off jogging right out of the bathroom exit, but had to stop quickly because there was too much foot traffic. The cafeteria area, farther down from the bathroom, had a line of packed with people trying to move things around.
We decided to avoid the melee and went out towards the entrance. I said, "Out to Grand Entrance?"
She knew what I meant, and we ran up the ramp-tunnels between levels without getting too winded. This was going to be fun, I thought.
About 4 minutes later, we were on the top level, and about 20 minutes later, we were at the grand entrance. All the way to the entrance we ran, finally coming to the tunnel leading back to the giant doors. I wanted to see them, I told her, so we ran there next.
We got to the shipping container where we'd gotten our 'welcome packets', right at where there should have been a tunnel back to the bank vault doors, but instead there was just a small start of one, maybe a meter, then a solid stainless-steel wall across the tunnel width.
Stopping for a minute, I said, "Hold up."
Jo paused and jogged in place, then stopped and stretched a little. I thought back to what I'd seen walking in the previous day. Just before I got to the welcome-packet container, on the ceiling, was a 6-meter wide stretch of metal ceiling across the width of the tunnel. I'd thought it was a shield for some pipes or something. But, thinking about it, the tunnel was too tall for it to have rotated down, and the rock abutting it on both sides of it was right-angled. So, it couldn't have closed like an old garage door.
No, this slab had to have been lowered into place. Getting it back open must be the job of some huge counterweight somewhere.
I was impressed.
Jo wasn't interested, and her exasperation with my looking at it started showing, so we turned and ran towards Area-A.
Along the way, we chatted about how nice it was to run again after being cooped up on the voyage, which led to conversations about how Jo's container had tried to do yoga sessions also. During it, though, some girl had slipped on a discarded food dish and covered her butt in multi-day-old crusty cheese macaroni noodles.
The girl, at this point, was getting laughed at plenty, and, embarrassed, she tried to figure out what to do about the not dripping food as she moved. So, she just took off her shorts, which she had been wearing commando. The whole container erupted in whistles at that point, followed by discussions of when it's okay or required to wear or not wear underwear. One of the guys in the container, though, thought it was okay to make any old joke he wanted, and said something about 'meat curtain macaroni'. This was quite funny, but also, in Jo's view (and several others she talked with later) quite low class. The guy that said it went on to prove he was pretty disgusting and disrespectful, and a major show-off blowhard.
As she told this story to me, we started meeting other people jogging / running towards us coming from Area-A. We stopped and talked with a pair of people, and they said it was about 5 km away. That was too far for this morning, so we turned around and headed home.
We got back to find the yoga sessions were happening in front of lots of the containers, as well as a lot of people trooping to and from the showers.
Soon enough, I was undressed and wrapped in a towel, headed there myself.
Showering Again
Showering after a run is usually a quick affair for me, but there's no way it was going to be that easy or quick with the absolutely surreal situation we found ourselves in.
Jo and I went to the toilets, then went to shower and found there was a bunch of people trying to take off shoes, clothes, and do other things next to the cubbies, preventing people from getting in to take their showers.
I asked Jo if she wanted to put our towels on the floor over in the corner, so we avoided the group of people trying to figure out how to get in and out. The unavoidable other detail of this crowded spot was that almost all the people walking around in close proximity to me were utterly fabulously beautiful naked women, some of whom bumped into me. Not hard, not with anything really soft, but yes, they did bump.
I was really going to lament OPSEC preventing me from writing a Penthouse Forum letter (my dad had a stash of ancient hardcopy-porn Penthouse magazines I found when I was young), or a Literotica story. The story would be pulled, and I'd be quietly shot, but it'd make a great story!
Jo and I, and Jamie, who showed up at the last minute, walked into the showers area and took random showerheads, most of which were full. I had a decision to make about what I was going to do about the abundant nakedness. I could either go ahead and look, or try and keep my eyes shut and possibly be faced with another boner situation. The looking seemed the safer option, as long as I kept busy getting clean.
So I soaped myself, getting all of me cleaned off, even in between my toes which I usually forgot. The next decision was about how well I soap my undercarriage and package, as they say. I opted to go with the completely-clean idea, since I wasn't sure how well I'd done it the previous night. I'd used the bidet then, but it's another thing altogether to have a full soapy cleanup all over and be sure.
I reached my back, my neck, behind my ears, all that. I got all the different parts of me clean. The water was amazing -- lots of it came out, it would adjust from any temperature from beyond ice-water to burns-imminent. Apparently there were no rules about water restrictions or conservation. Hell, that made perfect sense. Everything about this place was massively expensive - both over-built and over-sturdy.
All the while I was soaping up, I was watching the people around me. Boobs and butts, hair being washed, feet, armpits, crotches, butts, everywhere. One girl even had a toothbrush in her mouth and was brushing her teeth while showering. I wasn't quite sure if that actually saved time, but I filed it away as a possible life optimization for use later.
Most of the women had some kind of pubic hair. Almost all had it trimmed nicely to one shape or another. Triangles were popular, just in from the edges, with landing strips a close second. Totally bald was about the 5th most popular choice. Of the 4 other guys I saw, all of us had significant pubic hair, chest hair, and no obvious attempt to control that.
I saw no girls with armpit hair, though that would have been difficult to see since it would call for everyone to lift their arms.
Luckily, I didn't get a boner, and I got completely clean, even my hair. It was pretty refreshing, even if the whole situation was freaky surreal. I couldn't look any of these women in the eyes, for sure. I had to just look at feet as I threaded my way out to the cubbies.
Jamie and Jo saw me finish and turned off their water, too, and we all went out together. Drying off just outside the cubby area, we agreed that the idea of changing into clothes in the cubby area was laughably stupid. Jamie thought it was obvious, though, so fewer people would try it tomorrow.
Of course, while drying, I was standing right next to, and facing Jo and Jamie. Both had wet hair hanging down, Jamie's was pretty short, but Jo's hung down just past shoulder length and was dripping water on her left breast.
Jamie, bluntly, said, "So, you enjoying the view now?"
I laughed, "I could ask you the same question."
Jamie nodded and looked at Jo; they nodded together, and Jamie said, "You're nice enough."
Taking this under advisement, I said nothing. I just dried off, including my hair, which probably shook my penis a lot since I tried to make that happen while the towel was over my head. I took the towel down to see if they were looking but both were faced in the other direction so my mini-dance had no effect.
On the walk back to the hab, Jo asked, "You didn't say if you were enjoying the view."
I snorted and said, "Duh! Of course I enjoyed the view. The view was beyond my wildest expectations for this internship, this ... lifetime!"
"What was so special about it? Was there a best part?" She was teasing, like she was asking a small child what their favorite dessert was.
I ran with it and talked like a little kid, "I like pancakes and apples and melons and pineapples, I like ALL kinds!" I had exaggerated and raised my eyebrows with a silly voice.
Jamie burst out laughing, and Jo did, too. I'd made them laugh, which I counted as a plus. My record for getting women to laugh wasn't so good.
Back at the hab, dressed again (as everyone was) in our new sweats, we headed out together for breakfast. It was about 7:45 am. Lots of people were heading towards the cafeteria.
Slideshow
About halfway through the meal, the TVs mounted high on the pillars turned on by themselves.
We looked up, and on the TV was a U.S. Defense Department logo, with a powerpoint slideshow that started constantly cycling through.
The slides started with stock footage of meadows in front of mountains, baby deer looking sideways, the Grand Canyon, a pine tree in a forest of them, etc. Each picture had the name of the location in a really touristy sort-of way. We laughed a bit at how cheesy it was.
After the scenery shots, there were a couple of gray ones, with just the Department of Defense logo down by the side, and titles like, "Project Plan", "Resources", etc., but there was no content. I got the idea it was a template for whenever people wanted to put together a powerpoint presentation.
That slideshow ended, and another one began. We all were mostly settled in our seats, breakfast dishes cleaned up (it was 8:45 am by then), and we were all anxious to hear what was going to be happening. The new powerpoint slide deck had actual text on it, though not always phrased well or part of any outline, just as text. Each slide took about a minute, way longer than needed to read it.
== == == == Text == == == ==
"Priority One: Preserve Life. Safety is your number-one priority, the safety of the group as well as the person. Look out for your neighbor. Always check spaces before closing them. Clean even superficial wounds quickly, and keep them clean and air-dry. Protect your Eyes and Ears. Deploy dust protection whenever needed and possible. Brush your teeth super-gently and twice a day - A dentist's time is hard to come by, and an infected tooth can kill just as easily as a falling rock!"
"Priority Two: Cleanth! Dirty spaces begin to smell quickly, and underground, with confined air spaces, that smell can go everywhere. Clean ALL food off dishes, containers, silverware, your clothes, everywhere. All food refuse, and only edible food refuse, should go down food disposal chutes. This food, like toilet waste, is composted for later use in raising food plants."
"Clean your used food containers and preserve them. These will be used for various projects. They should be sorted by type. Recycling is hard to do, and you don't want to make work by leaving food in dirty food containers. Also, keep your body clean! Shower once per day - no one near you wants to smell you! We're all living in close quarters; no one wants too much of 'The Real You'."
"Priority Three: Productivity! You're here for a reason - You're smart, you're capable, and there is a real need here to Get Things Done. Every little thing works towards a goal."
"Major Public Address at 9 am in the Cafeteria. Attendance is Mandatory. Ensure you and your habitation module companions are all present and seated as a group. Sit where you can easily see a screen. Stay seated for the entire time. Save your questions until the end."
We all laughed at the slides as they went up, but then, we were an easy crowd. There wasn't much entertainment available besides books and talking with each other, so this crap wasn't so bad.
The Dentist bit told me they hadn't spent too much on that part of the supporting infrastructure, perhaps yet, perhaps at all. I wondered if they had a grocery store in the main part of the base when we finally could get to it. I'd brought quite a lot of cash since I could get cash advances for traveling and I figured that once I was at my 'destination', it might come in handy.
Amber noted that since the room itself was so huge and we only filled out maybe a quarter of the floor area, that maybe the alternate habs we couldn't open were for a second wave of people or something.
I'd calculated there were 512 people on our level, and by my rough eyeballing it, we were all here, with more than 20 minutes to spare.
Looking idly up at the washing level in the balcony, I realized that all the waterflow was arranged so the pipes could stay on the same level. In suburbia, you have a defined, ground space living area and buried sewer lines, which are typically below basement level to ensure toilets and drains still go downwards to the street. Here, everything was underground, so we had to design everything so the drain pipes were always below the thing that dumped into them.
It was Interesting. It also meant there was no way to ever have a sink or a toilet in a hab, since there were no pipes near the hab that were lower than it.
Pretty soon, the screen changed from the same slides mentioned above to being a video countdown of, "10 minutes to Announcement", with a small clock in the lower corner. I checked the time with my Breitling, and adjusted it, just a minute or so from the previous night's lights-out.
Each minute, the main text changed, replaced by "9 minutes to Announcement", and so on. The place got really quiet by 3 minutes to go.
We had no idea what we were doing in this place, why we were here at such great expense, why we'd been chosen, and why all the secrecy was needed around doing all this. Personally, I figured we were going to be working on some high-tech gear for the military in some aircraft hangar we hadn't seen yet.
The Biggest Briefing
At 9 am, utter silence as the TV's switched over to a grainy black-and-white 3,2,1..., then a DOD header, then the words "TOP SECRET", then "EYES ONLY / CODEWORD", "PROJECT ECHO". Several beeps echoed through the cafeteria. Everyone was silent, eyes glued to the sets.
The screen resolved to a very old film, a bit scratchy, showing an out-of-focus person sitting down from adjusting the very camera that was recording him. He adjusted the focus, and it resolved into an older man, wearing a nondescript suit, seated at a table in a dark room. I recognized (because I'm weird) that the mantle behind him was in the Oval Office, mostly because there was a mostly-blurry painting of Jefferson hanging above it, and that's where that was.
The man about to speak was clearly Eisenhower. As he spoke, the words echoed a bit in our space, but it was very clearly audible, if not a bit loud.
==
"Hello. If you're watching this and you do not have Top Secret clearance, please turn this off immediately and send this film Directly and Immediately, along with any other accompanying materials, to the Secretary of the Army, Washington DC. Please also include how you got it, and all the details you can remember. There will be a large cash reward if you do this. However, you MUST not watch this if you do not have this clearance. I will pause now so you can turn it off. "
==
He waited a full 10 seconds, according to my $20,000 Breitling, then continued.
==
"My name is Dwight David Eisenhower. I am the 34th President of the United States of America. Today's date is December 5th, 1958. I am sitting in the oval office in Washington, District of Columbia, on the Potomac River estuary near the Atlantic Ocean.
You are hereby informed that this film contains highly classified material, and simply viewing it without proper clearances, according to the Official Secrets Act of 1942, is a felony punishable by life imprisonment or death by hanging. Again, please turn this off if you have not specifically been cleared to watch this film."
==
Another 10 seconds passed. We looked at each other with raised eyebrows, then watched him again. He looked down at his notes and squared his shoulders, and got a deadly serious look on his face. In front of him were a set of papers, handwritten on notebook paper. He referred to the notes throughout, but also looked up into the camera, too, with an odd look on his face.
==
"I'll get down to brass tacks here, right away. Shortly after being inaugurated President in 1953, I had a suspicion I needed verifying, but it had to be done quietly. I arranged to visit several prominent and highly capable scientists and engineers known to me from years in the War Department, people whom I had a high amount of trust about their wisdom, forward-thinking abilities, understanding of history and foreign affairs, etc."
"I asked them to write up, in secret, their formal evaluations of several scenarios. Separately, I also asked more general questions and got evaluations from the standard think-tanks and know-it-alls that [sounding frustrated] seem to permeate Washington. The questions I asked surrounded the best-case, median-case, and worst-case scenarios of what the next war would be like. I told them to make any presumptions they wanted, but to consider the breadth of history and our current place in it, and our recent advances in technology."
"They came back with a pretty clear set of answers. I had anticipated that I'd get some rosy-view happy ideas, some middle views, and a few apocalypse-views. Sure enough, the more optimistic ones claimed everything would end up fine, we'd climb back up a ladder pretty quick and there would relatively few long-term consequences. Of course, they backed up their claims with data, so I could see their reasoning. I've looked at war estimates my whole adult life."
"However, leaving off the very few optimistic cases, the rest, starting with the median cases, were far worse than I could have predicted. Even the median cases included rated probabilities of the death of every single human being on planet Earth, [he paused to breath deeply ]... and some of these median cases put the likelihood of this occurring within the next 100 years at 80%. Some of the worst-case scenarios in initial damage were the best ones for long term timeframes, so all of this was not intuitive. Still, most of those results still predicted medium probabilities of the extinction of humanity itself from various depredations and long-term consequences of this next war."
"Reading through these, I'd only been President for several months. I needed to get a more nuanced view of why these conclusions were so dire. So, I quickly visited the authors. I asked if that's what they really thought. Most said, "No.". They said they actually thought the odds of human extinction were far HIGHER, but that they didn't want to sound crazy on paper, no matter how classified these reports were."
[He pulled some reading glasses from his pocket, and then a handkerchief, and then polished the glasses, then put them back in his pocket.]
"Obviously, we had a serious problem if these were the odds. These scientists described not just thermonuclear war, with small nations obliterating large ones, but also chemical warfare, where those smaller countries could match the nuclear weapons with far more deadly weapons that did not dissipate in a rising mushroom cloud."
"These chemicals could kill with the smallest, tiniest, spec-of-fog droplet landing on a person's skin, or landing on an object which was then picked up by someone, whereupon it's absorbed and kills them."
"Worst yet, they described the biological agents."
"I asked some questions of some people I'd known in the Army, checking up on whether these reports were right. It turned out to be even worse. In the name of defense against such agents, the Army has been both researching and actively creating diseases for which there is no cure. Once they create this thing, then they have to try to create a cure for it, but the disease must always be first. I was shaken to my core, that someone would think this was a good idea."
"Some of these diseases are bacteriological, like Anthrax, that can be spread by missile and only kill those exposed directly to the dust spores. Other diseases, viral ones, spread throughout a population and kill any remaining survivors that happen to huddle together in the shattered remains of their homes."
[ He took a stuttering breath, a heartfelt emotional breath, and paused. I could swear I could see tears in his eyes.]
"You may know me. I have commanded the combined armies of entire nations in battle. In fact, I've commanded in fierce and uncertain battle, the mightiest Army - by ALL measures - ever assembled in the entire long history of mankind."
[He paused slightly, a grim visage on his face]
"I have seen the results of these battles. So many dead people, Innocents! Little children, dead, blown up, torn apart... The horror is beyond... Just beyond. I pray for... their souls, but... I Shall Not Ever forget their faces. They haunt me, they drive me to stand up every day of the rest of my life resolute to ** Protect The Innocent. ** "
[His eyes, his whole face had been profoundly fierce. He took some breaths, and got a bit more composure back. This was a side of Ike I'd never seen; most of the films of him I'd seen were political speeches, scenes of him laughing while golfing, in uniform walking in front of troops, etc.]
"Intruding on my thinking while reading these reports and analyzing them were current events. Specifically, the advent of the buildup and modernization of Russian Soviet armed forces, the rise of Chinese military forces and capabilities, and the growth of our own military that placed... [he emphasized this] absolutely hair-trigger deadlines, on decisions that affected, what I knew, was the entire fate of humanity. Moments to decide. Moments that would stop time in all its human forms. This began to push my thinking towards, well, much more urgent and practical action. For, I am, genuinely, a man of practical action."
"I began formulating a plan."
"I asked various people for very quiet estimates of cost and effort for the various parts, and put together a presentation on it. That's what I did during my years as a General - you know - you get a plan together and you ask your best men if they think it's possible, find the holes, fill the holes. Every plan has holes. So, I took my ideas, and met on the sly with only 4 other people. They were... Secretary of the Army, Chuck Wilson, and Secretary of the Treasury, George Humphrey, the Speaker of the House of Representatives, Sam Rayburn, and then of course, was gonna be Fred Vinson, but he retired, had to be Earl Warren, Chief Justice of the United States Supreme Court."
"My plan was to construct, in the strictest secrecy, and with the utmost of technical talent available, a set of fortresses. These would probably be deep underground, under the water, or maybe even under ice. It didn't matter. Those would be places away from the things of man, places safe from any ravages that the earth could throw at them, places... Utterly - Apart."
"Each fortress would be isolated, have its own water, food, energy supplies, have living space for people, and be there in case something were to happen to the rest of us. There would be a set of them. This would reduce the risk that if one were found, that any others would also be found. They would be so secret that absolutely no one would know to look for them, much less, have any hint of where they were."
"One scientist told me, and I confirmed it, about Cheetahs, of all things, in Africa. He said you needed to have about ten thousand individuals to have enough genetic diversity to save a species. Cheetahs, you see, they don't have it. They have these diseases, and they're not growing well, and they're endangered. They will probably go extinct. Really, it's all because at one point, rather recently they say, their numbers dwindled too much. Now, even if there's individuals alive, some disease or another will likely wipe them out. Really damned sad, you ask me. The whole (he cleared his throat) "Noah's Ark thing" [ you could tell he didn't like it ] is stupid, according to this scientist, because 2 of anything is utterly doomed. You need ten thousand. Genetic Diversity."
[He looked at the side of what was obviously his camera, and continued.]
"Right, gotta keep moving here. So, I had this plan, and I told these 4 people the facts I'd learned, and told them about my plan. All four of them completely agreed, wholeheartedly and with thanks in their hearts, utterly committed to make this happen.
[His voice quavered a bit. I could tell he was getting a bit choked up at the depth of emotion here.]
Now, with Sam Rayburn's help, and a lot of subterfuge I'd learned in the war, that next year, August of 1954, we did the near-impossible. We got a quorum of the US House of Representatives, only the most trustworthy of the bunch according to Sam and Hoover - who I've never really liked or really trusted too much, didn't let him in the room - Anyway, we got them, this quorum, together with 53 members of the US Senate, put into a ballroom, all together. I'll tell you now, it wasn't fancy. It was a Howard Johnson's hotel outside of Pittsburgh, of all places."
"I gave them my presentation. I showed them what I'd found, and presented them with a bill I'd written. I wanted them to pass it. I'd put it on one piece of a giant sheet of sheep's vellum, a big parchment paper. It was like the goddam Declaration of Independence, and there was some joking about that. I wanted it on one piece of paper so there was no confusion, no worry, from anyone that it would be misused, or copied, or whatever. I'd heard about bills that had a middle page inserted or changed after they were signed, and there would be no shenanigans here."
[He reached into his suit-coat pocket and pulled out a large rolled-up piece of paper. It was like a scroll, center roll with a metal tab at the top to pull it out. He did that to read it, then stopped and got his glasses again and started again, reading.]
"Here is the text on that paper:
We, the assembled and undersigned Congress of the United States of America, do hereby adopt a bill, hereafter named the PESO,
[he looked up and said, P, E, S, O]
Act, the Preservation of Species Ongoing, Act, of 1954.
Whereas, the clear and present dangers posed by weapons of mass destruction, including Nuclear, Biological, and Chemical weapons, do pose a grave, dire, and immediate threat to all life on Earth, and
Whereas, these weapons are being increasingly, fervently, and widely deployed worldwide in preparation for their immediate usage, and
Whereas, a war using these weapons could start at any time without prior notice or time to prepare;
Therefore, we do authorize the following:
We authorize the construction of a prudent number of shelters sufficient to preserve humanity in the case of calamity, staffed and occupied by a diverse set of persons, and equipped with sufficient supplies and capabilities to sustain them for a long duration.
We authorize the expenditure of any unlimited and unconstrained amount of money deemed appropriate for this purpose, over any time period going forward, with no further authorization required from Congress or the courts;
We authorize and direct that all this shall remain the highest state secret we can possibly protect, that all moneys spent shall remain secret, that all preparations and activities surrounding this shall remain secret, and that any constraints of law, custom, or convention, upon the President, his designates and successors, in accomplishing this shall be null and void, be they passed now or in the future, provided such laws or rulings do not mention this act specifically.
We authorize the conscription into military service of any persons deemed necessary for this project, with or without their knowledge or approval, and without any requirements to notify of any other persons unless by specifically referencing this law are so provided;
We authorize that the President may use any and all force needed for this Act, including deadly force, personally or by proxy, immediately or arbitrarily delayed, in furtherance of this project, against any persons whatsoever, including members of this Congress, successor Congresses, members of any court, and/or innocent third parties.
We direct that if an outgoing President does not believe an incoming President is capable of holding this Act secret and responsibly using these powers, we grant that the former President shall have the right to choose no more than 3 surrogates to enforce and enact this bill, that he shall notify the Secretary of the Army and the Secretary of the Treasury of his decision to do so, and that this surrogacy shall abrogate to the next sitting President unless those Secretaries do not so concur.
We the undersigned, in recognition of the Supreme Undiluted Absolute Requirement of the continuation of the Human species, do so resolve the above, in Joint Session of Congress, such powers to be granted in perpetuity to the President of the United States, his successors and assigns, as so noted."
"By these signs know these presents do solemnly and completely so affirm,
"And, there's signatures here of all members in attendance, numbering, first, two hundred and eighteen Congressmen, and following, fifty-three Senators."
[He paused a moment and looked at the camera again, sounding a bit apologetic]
Now, I had the Surgeon General prepare a solution that would help us all out. I explained it, and they agreed, it was the best course of action. They drank the solution, knowing the effects - that it would put them to sleep and give them a massive headache the next day, but leave them not remembering what they'd just done."
"We had to do that. We'd used the drug in wartime, it's got well-known effects."
"Now, as to the text, I've got to admit that not being a lawyer was troublesome in writing this. Be that as it may, I do remain a student of history, and I have read whole manure piles of flowery language in legislation Congress has thrown my way hoping their language would make a piss-poor idea sound more palatable. I don't hold truck with that. But, I can put a turn on a quill and get a bit of flower out every once in a while, enough to make it mostly sound like the legislative language that normally crosses my desk. And, that's what I just read you."
[ He put down the paper, took the camera, obviously on a small tabletop tripod, got some books to hold the scroll open to its full length, and panned down the paper. I read the words he'd just read aloud. It was hand-written in a careful, tight cursive, not printed or typed. Below the text was a very long set of small signatures and printed names and 3-letter state abbreviations with the congressional district number following. He put the camera down on the table again, and got it to focus on himself.]
"I added the last part about an outgoing President because Sam, Rayburn, he was suspicious that not all future Presidents might be as noble as he perceived me to be. I agreed that it was possible, as this was a potentially very long-lived act. It might happen that we'd get an actor or demagogue in who wasn't worthy of the post and could not be trusted, which would put the whole thing in jeopardy.... Regardless..."
"So, you're wondering why you're watching this, if it's so secret. Why would I divulge something I've been authorized to use Deadly Force to protect? Well, because you probably already know it."
[He took a deep breath. He was getting ready to say something big, but hesitating. There were gasps from the cafeteria. Someone screamed, then someone else screamed, and I started to hear a loud roaring in my ears and feel my stomach become a deep pit. Tingles went through me. I shuddered, but couldn't tear my eyes from the screen.]
"I, Dwight David Eisenhower, President of the United States of America, pursuant to the P,E,S,O PESO Act of 1954, do on this day August 4th, 1958, hereby conscript all you who are hearing this into the United States Army. This action is effective immediately. Or, it may have been effective already, depending on which President is currently in office. No exceptions are permitted to this action."
[He looked at the camera and looked over his glasses, slowly, then returned to reading a set of papers in his hands:]
"Now, as members of the U.S. Army, you are hereby given a lawful order by myself, the Commander in Chief of the United States Armed Forces. This order is -- you are now committed to remain in the facility in which you currently reside, for the rest of your natural lives, and to protect that facility and the personnel there at all costs. If you should attempt to leave, assist others in attempting to leave, even unknowingly, you may be found guilty by Courts Martial of an offense punishable by death."
"Secondly, any attempt, even by a large number of persons, to leave the facility, will almost certainly result in the complete, automated destruction and death of everyone at that facility. Keeping this secret is more important than your one facility. There are other facilities which depend for their continued existence on secrecy."
"Any person currently in such a facility, unless otherwise countermanded directly and explicitly by the President of the United States, shall, regardless of rank or previous service record, revert in rank and privilege to that of Private, United States Army."
"So that you are aware, and to reduce your outside concerns, I shall direct that quite generous survivor's benefits be paid to your loved ones within a suitable time frame, at least 5 times the lifetime income of the average U.S. worker. It is fitting and proper that your survivors not be made to suffer for your time in service. Whether you are willing or unwilling, your service is towards a cause nobly aspired to, the preservation of Our Human Species. There CAN BE no higher goal, no purpose larger than this."
"Pursuant to the PESO Act of 1954, I do so order be enacted this day."
[He stopped reading his prepared statement. People were crying, but mostly it was fearful, aghast stares.]
"On a personal note, people, I know most of you are probably panicking right about now. I understand this and sympathize [shaking his head ] but I have no other options available to me. We considered using volunteers, but the secret would be out immediately after the first person said no. As it is, I have used terminally-ill veterans to prepare you for living in your new facility, so be aware that everyone you met along the way towards your current location is facing a much shorter lifespan than you are."
"Oh, also, I almost forgot. I hereby designate that all persons in your facility are granted Top Secret clearance and are entitled to know anything and everything. Further, as you have children and live your lives, all those persons are entitled to know everything, also."
"Finally... How long will you be there? We have designed your facility to enable survival for at least 150 years from the date you first enter it. The automated destruction of your facility as both punishment and prevention of escape, will be turned off as of that date."
"You will obviously be incommunicado with the rest of the world, but you will be notified by automated sensors in your facility if, or likely when, any large-scale calamity strikes the outside world. If radioactive or other poisons enter the facility, many automated, redundant sensors will inform you of this fact, though it is possible that you might get a single false alarm, which you will have training manuals to diagnose and repair."
"Knowing about the state of the rest of the world will enable your descendants to prepare for when their departure becomes possible."
[He returned to reading from his notes]
To you, I wish long and productive lives; probably lives filled with hard work, toil, strife, turmoil, joys and sorrows, glee and failure. Make babies. Raise them with love. Share what it is to be human with them. Live, and tell the stories of life outside. One day, they will need these stories, when your children's great-grandchildren can again walk on the face of the Earth.
As my pastor says, and I repeat only because I trust in the Lord,... May God Be With You, and Keep You, and Make His Face To Shine Upon You, all the days of your life."
== == == == END OF FILM TRANSCRIPT == == == ==
I was crying. Everyone was crying, many screaming, some yelling. I wasn't ashamed to be, we all were just struck with the enormity of the fate which had hit us in the face - imprisoned here, for the rest of our lives.
I cried. Some people vomited, and I almost did, too, especially when the smell reached me.
The TV showed the end of the film, and then a screen came up which said, "Next Announcement at the hour" and a clock showed in the lower corner.
I turned to Kim, her mouth agape, next to me. She looked like she had just witnessed her parent's death in front of her. I had the sudden urge to hug her, and we fell at each other, hugging hard and very tightly.
Suddenly, there were many hugs, from my back, my sides, and a lot of crying besides, as we struggled to wrap our minds around what had just happened. My sobs matched those around us, as people moved their chairs and it became a group hug, holding each other because so much of the rest of our lives had just been pulled away.
The support of How Things Will Be had just utterly vanished from under our feet, fast. It left a big hole. A giant hole gaped inside my mind and my chest, and while I held Kim, and it didn't fill the hole, it helped plug it just a little, just a tiny bit, but That Bit Was Important.
[Crying is interesting. On one level, there's the completely sane, rational, thinking, narrating part of your brain that says, "I'm sitting here. I'm holding this person. I'm being held. I feel their hair and their shirt and their body moving. I hear their breathing and their sobs. I hear my own sobs. I sometimes control my breathing, but... do I want to? Then you sob again. You think, "I can stop sobbing if I want to, but... I don't want to." And, you don't, so you keep sobbing. ]
The pain cut through my inner narration. The pain struck to my deepest part, a realization that Some Things Will Never Happen - I will never again see my Mom. I won't see my friends John, or Steve, or Ron, or Liz, or Heather, ever again, ever, it is as if they are dead and buried, suddenly taken from the living.
[ Then, the logic returns, briefly, noting that I'm getting snot all over the shirt I'm leaning on. I hear the words people are saying. Someone nearby me is stuttering out the Lord's Prayer. Another, at a nearby table, is saying a Hail Mary. I'm abstractly noting all this. I'm crying on a shirt. That person is crying on me. They sob. My body, divorced from me slightly, sobs.]
I again smelled the horrid odor of vomit, and it struck me as important to help with that. Kim sat up, and we got up and used some mops and mop buckets that were leaning up against pillars. We cleaned up the floor as best we could, going back and forth with them, upstairs to the sinks to get clean water, down to the mess to clean more up.
I didn't know what to do. I had no clue. My mind tried to wrap around the enormity of what had just happened.
There were, I figured, about 500 people in the cafeteria; we had almost 20 of them for a while working on cleaning up, mopping up the puke, and in two cases, walking a person to the bathroom who'd just puked to the food sink to wash their shirt and head.
About every 5 or 10 minutes, I'd stop and walk over to Kim and hug her, interrupting her mopping. Or, she would do it to me. Several times, some girl I didn't know just put her arms around my chest and started sobbing on my shoulder. I would pause and hug back. I didn't know if I was helping or not, but I figured I could be a cry-pillow if they needed one.
Kim and I finished, and left the mops in clean water propped up by the wall. The TV still showed a countdown of another half-hour by then, so we sat down at our table again. Jo, my bedmate, scooted over and held both of us, then just me, and we cried together, too.
After a bit, I looked up and saw people were coming back into the cafeteria. Some had left, I remembered, right after the graphic went up about the next announcement. I figured they went to check on the door.
One girl had picked up her ultra-heavy chair and was trying to swing it at the TV screen, but fortunately people around her stopped her. She couldn't have gotten it there anyway -- try swinging a 40-pound object, to way up over your head. It doesn't work.
It was just as well -- it occurred to me there was probably no way to replace these TV screens, ever. The expected lifetime of electronics was usually about 25 years. I wondered what other electronics would go wrong in the next 25 years.
Ug. 25 years. I was starting to think like this. Freaky.
I thought back to the exterior door, and the 'fumigation'. It wasn't really a fumigation, was it? My thinking was really disjointed. This morning, we'd run through that Grand Entrance area, and we'd seen the massive steel slab.
No one was talking at our table, we were just sitting there. Some were hugging.
We just looked off into the distance, or watched the countdown. We all waited.
Second Announcement
The timer got down to zero, and the screen resolved into a color picture of the DOD logo, which turned out to be a card held up by hand, and it was lowered to show the face and upper torso of Lyndon Johnson. He was wearing a white open-necked dress shirt and dark suit jacket. I recognized him, of course, because I knew everyone I'd ever seen. But, it looked like an older version of him.
"Hello. My name is Lyndon Banes Johnson. I am the 36th President of The United States."
[He was in a large hotel room, it looked like, at a desk, with papers in front of him. His thick Texas accent was quite noticeable. I had only heard him speak once - the famous sound clip of him on the telephone to his tailor, asking him to make some pants with a crotch way bigger because his dick was so big. I don't know why I thought of that. He continued.]
"This film is classified as Top Secret, SCI, Codeword clearance...."
[He gave the same two-phase warnings that Eisenhower had. His face was very stern. He restarted after the second delay.]
"By now you've seen the Eisenhower film, explaining what has happened and why you're there. Your job is to preserve the human race, at all costs."
"I'd like to add some things, because in the first decade or so of Project Echo, we've had some failures and some successes, and it is important that you know this info because we've changed the way we do things a tad and it might be confusing at first."
"So, you've probably noticed the gender ratio. The first Habs were constructed with much smaller crews, as experimental structures, and part of the crew's duty was to regularly record and transmit comprehensive reports on their health and, you know, situations, like if there were problems and all that."
"One thing turned out to be too damned consistent. Despite trying carefully to screen which people we put in there, a large number of circumstances resolved themselves into strongman-dominated abusive systems. Some man would decide he's in charge, enough people would follow him, he'd beat up on everybody until he got the good stuff and everyone else would just barely get by."
"This was so common. It was darn sad. I've read those reports. Egads. The things people did to each other when they knew they were cut off forever? Sickening. So, Jack, that's President John F. Kennedy, my predecessor, he gets some pencil-heads together and asks them to run studies about how, when trapped, how do people behave. He just asked them, design some quick experiments, and they did. They varied the number of people per square foot, number of beds so they had to sleep in shifts, amount of food, whether work was required to get food, whether they were told why there were there, the gender ratio, the age ranges, whether there were kids there, all that."
"Well, Jack, he got these reports back from these experiments. Conducted 'em, you see, in secret, in a bunch of countries I'm not going to name. Lots of cultures, they tried this stuff. They found that some stuff was good, like, vital, to the health of the tribe, so to speak. One was, it was better if there dasn't be too many men, initially. The women, then, took power, and because the women were working and organizing and cooperating like they sometimes do, it tended to work out better. They were good at that kind of thing. I can see that, I guess."
"So, these scientists, they also found it's better if you tell people why they are there instead of making them think they are just randomly trapped in a place. It works better if they know kids could eventually escape. And, that's true, because the whole point is the grandkids eventually escape, presuming the wide world is safe again."
"They also found it's better if they have to work for their keep, it keeps them occupied instead of fighting and destroying things, and besides, give people too much and they waste it away. So, work, it has to be."
"So, Jack, he did several of these facilities as Ike called 'em, and he changed up the gender ratio to 10 women to one man. That turned out to be a bit much. The genetics says they need more men than that anyway. So, now we're back to 7 to 1 ratio, it has worked pretty well and we haven't had the... problems we had before."
"I gotta tell ya somethin'. There are several facilities where things went wrong - Really, Really Wrong. People, sometimes lots of people, died, absolutely horrible deaths. The social aspects of this turn out to be really important. For those reasons, not engineering, just the social stuff, these places failed. Most of them were early, and small facilities. But, we had one big failure. People tried to get out, and worked at it, and were smart about it, and all that. And, we knew, and we watched them. We'd designed that place careful, had a good system, a failsafe system, you see. Well, that system warned them, then it warned them again, and then, poof. They Are Gone. They are no more. That whole bunch of people. They thought they were going to save themselves, or that we'd stop the countdown, fix the situation, to not let their babies and their little children die."
"Well, I tell you, that's not something you want to be around. That's why we put in place better safeguards. We only get info from the facilities infrequently, irregularly, and we let the automated systems deal with the problems. We can't be forced to action if it is extortion. We have to consider each entire facility as already full of mostly-doomed people, and they may be able to save themselves if they work hard and wait the decades, and use the tools we give them."
"Well, I've got some really good folks working on better tools, to help you ladies, you people, dig better systems and houses, make better lives. We have all the money of the United States working on it."
"So, on this sex ratio... They say I have to use 'gender ratio', I'm not partial to that, but... this gender ratios-thing. I've got some pointers, that we learned from watching surveillance tapes and all that. Here's what we found. Most times it's best if a defined set of women work with one man for a while, and help him, and he helps them, if you know what I mean... with the sex thing. Later on, it gets important, genetics-wise, knowing exactly who is related to whom, so there's no accidents of cousins marrying cousins, and all that. So, keep track of who y'all are...ya know... WITH, sexually.
[He said 'sexually' as, 'sex-shall-ee'. Funky Texas accent.]
"Now, I read the reports. I got to know what was happening in these things. Some of 'em, the women went fully nekkid, nudist-er-whatnot. The ladies said it had to do with having too many secrets. There was some damn fool rule they had about keeping towels with you to sit on. Now, I'm not a person to judge this, I can't be, my lord, how do I do that. So, I said okay, we, that's Dave, Secretary of the Army, and I, we gave you lots of towels. You also get cotton plants, and looms, too, so, if ya need more, you can."
"Oh, yeah, along those lines, we made sure you people don't have any diseases going in there, so there's no worries about that. If any of y'all know different, you'd better tell them doctors pretty quick otherwise it'll go everywhere. But, you shouldn't have been able to hide it at all because you were tested even at the last minute.
"Okay, that's about it."
"Good luck, my fellow Americans, possibly the Last Americans. It is not that you are trapped in there, it is that we are trapped out here, unable to be safe, like you are. I reiterate everything that was in the Eisenhower speech -- I officially order and direct you to hold that location at all costs and survive to ensure the future of humanity. Live and Love. May God be with you now and always.
The tape ended, and another screen came up, saying, "Next announcement: 1 minute."
We waited.
Again, the DOD logo appeared, then a face, in much better resolution, that we knew well.
Hello. My name is Barack Hussein Obama. I am the 44th President of the United States of America.
[ He paused, cleared his throat, and looked at his notes to read instead of looking at the camera the whole time. He did the same readings about stopping the video, like Ike and Johnson did, then he continued.]
By now, you have seen the Eisenhower video, and the Johnson video. I am not showing you the Nixon, Carter, or George HW Bush videos, because mostly they're just greetings and have details not relevant to you now.
[He looked up at the camera] I tell you, this whole thing makes me a bit nervous, I see the need for it, but it's still a bit odd to be doing it for real, to real people. It's a heck of a thing... So.
[ looking at notes again]
"I am obviously speaking to a group that has just had a huge emotional shock. You are trying to wrap your minds around what's happened to you. Into this traumatic time, unfortunately, I have some important things to tell you that matter, so you would do well to pay close attention. I'll list them, so keep track of what I say."
"First, yours is one of the first facilities to have been created by a new device we call..." He paused, contemplated, and said, "Well, yeah. I can't tell you the name. Uh, we'll call it... how about, the 'Rock Ablation Device'. That'd be the 'RAD'. That's not what it does, but, whatever. Call it whatever. Now, you don't have one. We do. We used it to create your facility, officially, it's a 'fort'. So. Your fort was created by a ... certain number... of medium sized robots that drove around with this RAD device, and removed the rock. I'm not going to get into how it works, exactly."
"These RAD robots drove around and created tunnels. It created LOTS [ he emphasized that ], LOTS of tunnels. You have seen, by now, how big an 'area' is. That's some habitation hallways, common rooms, and the tunnels that connect them. There are 3 areas in your fort. You haven't yet seen, and will see tomorrow morning when the doors unlock, your husbandry areas, and in several weeks, when the agricultural doors are timed to open, an even larger space than what you now occupy."
"The size of these plant and animal areas comprise about 100 times the volume of the part you've been through so far. Additionally, there is an equivalent area, about the size of 100 large container ships, which are warehouses filled with stock and merchandise for your careful use. It may sound like a lot, but you have to remember, we've packed entire merchandise-making factories into these containers, and only a limited amount of the actual merchandise itself."
"Your facility should have a population of about 12,000 persons right now, give or take.
"These excavation robots have built you a habitation volume much larger than just the agricultural and storage areas. The volume, you have to understand this deeply, is approximately 10,000 times the volume you currently occupy.
Let that sink in.
Your facility, all facilities now, are in solid rock structures of larger than 100 cubic kilometers, some in structures exceeding 1000 cubic kilometers. Your facility, if all the walls are opened up and all the land farmed, can support almost the entire population of the Earth."
"No. I am not kidding. To do that, we have some interesting air handling equipment that depends on advanced physics that I can't explain. Suffice to say, the operations manuals in your offices and libraries explain how it all works and how you can maintain it properly.
First, though, you have to get working on building out your space. You can grow your population greatly, and I'd hope you would. Given what we've arranged to happen automatically, you'll need the additional hands and the brains that go with them.
We've chosen you carefully, you'll notice you're all different races, colors, all the diversity, but we've made you not-that-diverse in one way: You're all pretty smart. That is, one way to see this is an unintentional experiment to see if we end up with smarter, and hopefully wiser, people.
Tomorrow, doors will open to the husbandry areas, where you'll find, [he looked down for the list] at least most of the following: sheep, goats, rabbits, alpacas, chickens, geese, ducks, barn owls, turtles, fish, bees, bats, butterflies, other insects, and probably several others when the scientists are done spec'ing it all out.
These animals, fish, birds - they need taking care of, immediately. They have been fed by automatic feeders in their cargo containers for the last several weeks, but they need to get out and walk around to be healthy. For some of them, their excrement has to be collected and moved to a specific processing area, and then to the agricultural area for use as soil and fertilizer.
The birds are being shipped in as fertilized eggs in automated hatchery containers, but those containers need to be opened and the birds allowed to hatch, run, and fly free.
If each level does not take care of its animals, your facility will run into genetic diversity crisis, your animals will die, and you won't have the protein you need, so you all will die, too. So, those animals are vital to your survival.
You also have been given seeds, large numbers of containers of them, as well as equipment to raise them via hydroponic and high-density gardening. Again, these seeds are vital, and your very lives depend on getting it set up right, maintaining it with overlapping auditing and control procedures, error checking, and constant refinement of methods to achieve the best yields with the best genetic diversity and nutritional yield for you and your families.
He paused a minute and got a contemplative look in his eye.
First, I'd like to talk to you women. You're faced with a tough thing, having mostly women there, and not that many men. You may or may not be used to picking up the heavy things, opening the pickle jar, so to speak. But, where you are, you're going to have to. We've chosen you specific women because we believe you are from a slightly different mold, able to do things because you have the great benefit of female strength and endurance without the downsides of amp'd up testosterone and societal norms that require dominance politics.
I'm sorry that I have to do this to you, women, but since the 60's when it was definitively proven, and since then when various presidents have made alterations to the plan that didn't work so well, the best plan turns out to be a 7 to 1 ratio of women to men. Get your acts together, come up with government that works, and create a culture that has resilient, open, and transparent character.
I urge you to consensus-rule, and embrace low-scale conflict. With conflicting power centers vying for control, it's proven to be the most stable. Concentrating power yields singular kingdoms with slaves and rampant serfdom. We've seen that. It isn't pretty. No one person gets all the power. Free press and speech. Free representative democracies with separate independent branches. Parliamentary systems. These things work very well and I'd encourage that.
Men, here's a message to you. You have an odd situation. Sure, some people'd say it sounds like it'd be bee's knees fabulous. Many have attempted it at various times. But, those usually were one-sided relationships where the man had all the power. You don't. You're outnumbered. I know this can be good, but it can also be really tough, many blessings but many downsides.
I know something about being in a minority -- not just my skin, my gender. I live in a house with 3 very strong women, and I find that a show of real strength is 'creative readjustment'. Bend in the wind and you won't break. Cleave, that is, stick firmly, with your chosen women, be a fair arbiter if needed, and don't play favorites, that ends badly. No nepotistic kingdom long survives.
In your lives, hopefully, you will have many kids around you. Love them. Help them. Teach them compassion first and absolutely, positive reinforcement and never, never, never negative. The greater compassion and mercy that can come from your various religious traditions, and the new traditions you will create for yourselves.
Men and women, make big families. Your facility can handle it. I have seen things recently that might indicate that our planet and its biosphere are threatened in ways that Eisenhower never could have envisioned.
Speaking of so, all facilities since Nixon have included coin currency. You'll find some will magically appear soon. Hopefully, you'll turn it in to your elected leaders for use in rewarding labor and reducing scarcity. But, that's up to you, and you'll have to agree on how and where it's used.
Since your facility is so large, you should know you've got multiple, fully equipped OB/GYN and maternity hospital facilities on every level and elsewhere as soon as you expand to open new parts of the fort for habitation.
One more thing. The systems you are using will be copied soon on manned missions to other planets and locations. Your achievements in being efficient with what you have will inform and assist us in moving mankind to the stars, out from this fragile cradle Earth, away from such constant dangers of madmen striving to pull us all away into oblivion.
So. That's done.
On to business: the legalities.
[He read again from prepared notes, as Johnson and Eisenhower had done, but without glasses]
"I hereby reiterate President Eisenhower's directives previously given to you via film. You have been involuntarily inducted into the United States Army at the rank of private. All previous military ranks any of you have, are summarily stripped, though your service records will not indicate this."
"The term of your enlistment is lifelong and non terminable. As Commander-in-Chief of the Armed Forces of the United States of America and by the power vested in me by the PESO Act of 1954, I do hereby give each and every one of you the lawful order to hold that post and survive inside that facility, at any cost or peril, for as long as you and your decendants shall live, or 150 years from the date you so entered it, whichever comes first, under penalty of law."
"All previous OPSEC orders limiting your discussions within the facility are rescinded. Any previous crimes prior to the time you hear me say this, are hereby verbally pardoned and forgiven. No person therein shall assert they have any superior authority to any other person unless and until you shall yourselves deem it true. Use of Deadly Force to constrain you to that facility is authorized, and should any of you desert your post by leaving that facility, the lives of ALL persons of ALL ages in that facility are forfeit and will be ended by multiple overlapping automated means."
[He looked up again, flipped the page, then continued reading]
Your relatives, you are no doubt concerned about, will be told one of many cover stories that involve your death. They will be told that your body is not recoverable. They will be told you had life insurance through some happenstantial means, and that the policy will pay them at least 10 times the amount you were promised to be there in the first place. They will also be helped by 3rd-party grief counselors paid for by the insurance company.
Typically, your worldly possessions will be given to your relatives or as provided for by any estate situation you have previously set up.
If your relatives question the cover story enough, they will be brought into the FBI and informed that you were commissioned into the US Army several years ago and that your death was a senseless training accident. They'll be informed by caring and sincere officials that you were almost to achieve great things and we had great hope for you. I may, at some point, personally hand-write a letter of condolence should that occur. I would happily do so for all of you, but the appearance of so many letters would arouse suspicions.
[President Obama finished reading and looked up, eyes to the camera]
So, yes, that's about it. I hope this can give you some closure. Many who went into previous facilities were not even given this information or arrangement, so I hope this helps your situation, that you know how your supposed death has been handled.
[Reaching into his suit jacket pocket, he took out the scroll of paper that was first shown by President Eisenhower, and unrolled it in front of the screen, slowly, so we could at high resolution see the text. As he did that, for the next couple of minutes, I mentally compared it with what we'd seen earlier, and it was the same.]
This is, again, the PESO Act. This is a valid and current US Law and carries the same full force, weight, and responsibility now as the day it was enacted. Its purpose is to Save the Human Race. I do commend, and hopefully, encourage you to that purpose.
Go with God, and Peace Be with You in all you do and become. God Be with your children, and their children.
[The President stopped, reached forward, and turned off the video.]
THE MUNDANE, AS IF
Again, there was more crying, but it was softer. We all just sat there. Almost immediately, there were more announcement texts put on screen:
NEXT VIDEO ANNOUNCEMENT: Cafeteria, four weeks from today, 3 pm.
SELF-GOVERNMENT: Organizational meeting, your area & level only. Tomorrow morning, 10 am. Suggestion: elect a mayor, city council, and judges.
ANIMAL HUSBANDRY DOORS: Open DAY AFTER TOMORROW, Noon. Protection and care of animals is vital to your survival. Wear clothes you can get dirty in.
DUFFLE BAGS: Room 334 near cafeteria opens 1 week from today, 9 am.
HORTICULTURE DOORS: Open 1 WEEK FROM TODAY, Noon. Farm or starve.
The TVs turned off automatically. I didn't know where they were getting their data from, but I thought it might be interesting to find that server. But, then what? I was locked in here. Forever.
HAB HOME
I looked around. The table, my friends and hab-mates, looked distraught. In the wider cafeteria, the mass of us sat there, probably like me, not really sure what we should do next.
What did I feel? I had to think about that. It took some effort. In some way, I didn't know, and I realized that not knowing was a way to feel. That mystery was because there was a gap in me.
Whatever was my idea of myself and my reality, didn't match what was around me. It was a disconnection, a gap in the fabric of Everything.
Lots of people were crying around the room, but not all. Most were just staring off in the distance, trying to figure out what they just watched.
Turning to Kim, mostly, but addressing our group, I said, "I gotta go... Lie down and cry, I think." I waited, wondering if everyone was going to stay there.
Kim and Jo looked up and stood up slowly, then Dana, and we all walked slowly back to the hab. Others were starting to leave, too.
It was nearly 11. I was sure I was going to be hungry, but I just didn't feel like eating.
Back at the hab, we trudged in, and I took off my shoes and got up onto the top bunk. Jo, shrugging her shoes off, did the same, crawling up and laying beside me, trying to figure out how to curl up into my armpit. I moved around to help.
Kim, walking in, said tentatively, "Kev?"
"Yeah?"
"Can I come up there, too?
"Sure... this side." She did, moving around on my other side and snuggling in. We all just lay there, holding each other.
Lisa and Dana came in and lay down on their beds, shedding shoes. It wasn't yet lunchtime, but Dana pulled off her shirt, then her bra, and then put on her flannel nightshirt and got into bed. Lisa watched her, absently, and I watched Lisa. After a couple of minutes staring at the wall, Lisa did the same thing and got into bed, too, and I heard crying.
This started my waterworks, and Kim's, and Jo's.
After a lot of sniffles, Kim got up and got a set of hand towels, and we used those as snot-rags.
Eventually, I got a bit stiff, and we all went out to the common room, where there was better light anyway. I pulled out a blanket and draped it over us on the couch. Dana came in and said, strongly enough the other room could hear, "Hab meeting, now, more or less. "
Everyone walked in and sat down, dragging a blanket with them or snuggling up under one. The couch cushions weren't great, but given the 55-degree temperature (all bedrock is 55 degrees. Geology, natch), it was warmer and more comfy than steel cafeteria chairs.
Dana looked across the room at Jo, and said, "Hi, Jo. I'm Dana Kramer. We didn't do last names last time. We didn't tell lots of things last time. Who are you, again?"
Jo raised her eyebrows, and realized where this was going. "Oh, yeah. Uh.. I'm Jo, Jo Steinfeld. I'm from Pitsfield, a suburb of Philadelphia. I'm 22. I'm Jewish - reform, that's the liberal kind. I have a brother and 2 sisters... Uh, my dad's a car parts company salesman. I got a BS in computer science from Berkeley last year, magna cum laude. I'm really proud of that. Useless now. Fuck... Uh, I've been working for Johnson Controls, a sort-of furnace a/c company, for the past year. I've been trying to pay down my student loan debt and a big bunch of credit card debts. I have... had? 3 cats. They're with my sister now. Uh... My boyfriend took off last year, he got some job in Vegas and just left, like, all his junk. We'd been dating for 3 years, I thought he would ask me...to..." she tailed off, absently.
Heather was next to Jo, and decided to go next. "I'm Heather Yellen. I'm 21. I just graduated last fall from Michigan with an MA in Ecology. My undergrads are in biochemistry and music. I'm from Milwaukee. My dad is an actuary now, for Principelle Financial Group, it's an Insurance company, based in Des Moines. He moved after I went off to college. My mom is a lawyer for Braketon Property Casualty, which is another insurance company. I didn't want to be in insurance, so... ecology. I was engaged last year, briefly, and then not anymore, it kind of blew up, and I've been kind of shy since then. He got a job and moved away kind of suddenly."
Going around the circle, we learned about each other, the actual information, not just the less meaningful ones we'd had yesterday, just trying to get an initial idea of who we all were.
One of the things we hadn't talked about the previous day, really, was personal histories, why we chose to come to this place, what our lives were like before we got here, all that. Yesterday had been too full of 'what's going to happen next', and nary much else.
Pretty soon, it became obvious why we should have talked more. There were consistent similarities between our stories. Each of us had lost a romance recently by them moving away, or because of some cheating allegation that didn't make sense. All of us had had our wisdom teeth out, some quite recently.
As had come up in our travel container and likewise in most of the travel containers, they'd all figured out they had opted for the Norplant underskin birth-control capsule, good for 5 years. In Lisa's case, she'd had her IUD removed and the Norplant replaced it. The doctor had said there had been a safety recall on it for people having it longer than 4 years, and she'd had it for 2, so best to solve it now. She had agreed, of course.
So, as best as we could figure, they didn't want us having kids for a couple of years, until we could get the farming and animals squared away. It made sense.
Dana Herrigen was from Kingman, Kansas. Her father was a pharmacist. She loved archery, and also cross-stitch and embroidery, but didn't know if she'd ever get to do that again, here, based on what tools they had available.
When they got to me, I didn't want to talk about me, I just wanted to sit quietly. I gave my name, my most recent degree, where I was from, and then just stared at the ground some more.
Eventually, we finished the bio's. There would be lapses where no one would talk. We were all trying to wrap our brains around this thing.
When the Dinner-Ho bell rang (17:30, on the dot, by my Breitling)(I was proud of it, it was really pretty nice. Of course, getting it cost me my freedom, so there was that...) we all went as a group.
Someone had opened the third container (even though there was a massive amount of food available in the second one), and in it there were a stack of microwave ovens, and some thick, 5 meter extension cords. The cords were needed because the closest plugins were high up on the far wall, almost 5 meters up. Setting 2 tables and a chair on top of each other, someone reached it, and we thought we could have warm food for once in over a week.
The problem was what to heat the food in. We didn't have any bowls that were microwave-safe. All the serving utensils, plates, etc., were stainless steel.
We went back to the place where the microwaves were, and moved boxes around. Under them were some boxes of what were apparently metal bowls, but that said, "MICROWAVE SAFE!!" on the boxes. We tried one, and it worked with no sparks, so we all got a chance to have warmed food.
Shoulders
After dinner, we went back to the hab, but it was about 7 pm by then. I didn't feel like doing anything but going in and laying on my bed; Jo came up and joined me. Dana crawled up with us and sat at the foot of the bed looking lonely and lost, and then Lisa came up, too. Seeing her, Jo said, "Come up here?"
Dana crawled up and tucked under the other shoulder, and I saw Lisa wondering if she was left out.
I said, "Lisa, here, come over ... " I motioned with my arm for her to come up behind Jo, where there was more space, and she did, spooning Jo and putting her hand on my chest.
Surrounded by women. This was less comfy than I imagined at first, but the girls seemed comforted, which made it worth it. I wanted to do anything that I could, it made me at least a little useful.
We were all just silent for a while. Dana started crying, which set off my tears, and Jo's, and Lisa's. We were all sniffling. Dana got up; I was afraid she was deserting us, and the spot next to me where she was felt hugely empty, devoid of something that Should Be There.
I said, "Dana? Can I..."
"Hush. Just getting..." Dana said, and then returned with some more hand towels, gave them out, and crawled in again, on her left side facing me, her head on my shoulder. Her right arm started on my chest, ran into Jo's and Lisa's, and then stroked their shoulders consolingly. My arms were trapped, mostly, but I could get my towel to my face occasionally to deal with the snot and tears factors.
The crying started again, then stopped, in waves. My head hurt, the back of my eyes hurt, and my chest, deep in my chest, just ached like I'd had a huge weight dropped on it. The weight was still there. I said so, and the girls all agreed. The crying started again.
After about an hour, Lisa got up and went for a bathroom break. Jo and Dana stayed. When Lisa got back, she went to her locker, stripped off her shoes, shirt, pants, and bra, and put on a white T-shirt, and then crawled up again to us. I could tell she still needed hugs, she was kind of leaned forwards.
"Jo?" I said, "Can you pull the blankets down?"
Jo looked up at me and nodded. She shifted, sat up, and I sat up, and we pulled the blankets down. I motioned for Lisa, who was supposed to sleep below, to get in beside us. She did.
Dana, taking the opportunity to move also, said, "I'm... gonna use the restroom, too." Jo went with her.
I pulled the covers up over Lisa, sat up and pulled off pants and socks, and crawled back under with her. It felt less lonely when I was holding her, and she snuggled up against me, too.
We were just silent, then, waiting. I felt her breathe, and occasionally I'd pull her tight in a side hug, as best you can do that while laying flat, but I could tell she liked it.
A noise at the door made me look over, to see Kim. Her face was streaked and eyes red. I raised my eyebrows to ask what, but she just shook her head and did a sad, resigned, I've-lost-something sort of shrug.
I said, 'I'd invite you up, but... Dana and Jo are coming back soon..."
Kim said, "I know, I saw them head out. I envy you; we're not hugging."
I said, "Kim. Kim. Hugs." I held out my arms.
She smiled, climbed the ladder, and came up, kneeling beside me to give me a hug. I could feel her breath catch, she was trying not to cry. She just held the hug, not moving. Lisa started petting her back, letting her hands lightly rub and stroke her back. Kim gave a final squeeze and pulled away, then hugged Lisa, too, but just for a couple of seconds, and then turned around. Kim wasn't wearing pants, so her white underwear-clad butt, a very sexy one at that, was in my vision as she turned around and climbed down.
I knew I wasn't supposed to be thinking about that, but it was a very, very nice butt.
As Kim was about to leave, the 21:00 tones sounded. We both looked up, and I said, "Kim?"
"Yeah?"
"Go in and get in a hugs-pile. It'll... It... it helps."
She nodded and left.
A couple of minutes later, Dana and Jo came back from their bathroom trip, stripped also to t-shirts and underwear, and climbed up. Dana closed the door and turned off the light as she did so, so climbing into bed was a bit complicated in the dark. This time, with Jo pulled away and let Dana get in on my left.
After we were settled, we were quiet for a minute, then I said, "Dana?"
She said, "Yeah?" Her voice was right next to me, but there was real pain in it.
"I've... got to say -- thank you. Thank you for being up here, with me... with us. Thank you."
Dana, kind of unsure but still with a soft tone in her voice, said, "Um, sure, Kev."
I turned to the other side, and said, "Lisa?"
Lisa looked up, in the near darkness, I could barely see her face. She said, "Mm?"
My face inches from hers, I said, "Thank you for being up here. Thank you for the hugs."
She nodded, I could tell, settled back in, and said, "Kev. Yeah... Uh. Thank you, too."
Turning back left to see over Jo, I said, "Dana?"
"Kevin, you don't have to."
"I want to. This isn't ... There's no way... I have to. Thank you." I paused as I thought, and couldn't come up with anything else. "I ... am flattened, made flat by this shock. But, here, this thing, holding you all? It's ... if I didn't have this, I'd be... even more desperate, and alone, but, it's better, here. This, it's important to me. Thank you."
Dana, her voice cracking a bit with a bit of a sob, said, "Thank you, too. Thank you also. And," she shifted a little, and I felt Jo being tugged away from me a little as Dana hugged her, "Thank you all."
I couldn't hold it anymore. I cried. I sobbed. Jo and Lisa held me tight, and Dana's arm came over, too, and we all just hugged and cried for a while.
Eventually, I went to sleep. Anytime someone moved, though, we all woke up a little and shifted. There was cold air coming in under the blankets at times, and then it was too hot again.
All the same -- it didn't matter. The skin of their legs on my legs, their soft breathing near me, the tiny snores, their arms holding my chest or draped over each other, snuggled up, it was pleasant, really nice. Then, the reason for it flashed back, and again I was sad. All the things I'd never do, kept coming to me. I'd never climb another mountain looking for odd rocks, never go fishing again, never lie in the sun and feel the heat go through me.
I awoke in the middle of the night, about 3 by my estimation, to the feeling of a hand on my crotch, coming from behind me. It wasn't trying to be there, I don't think, it just was. My cock had responded to this, and was rock hard. The hand didn't move, it was just laying on top. I stayed still, waiting.
Jo had been behind me when we went to sleep, so it was hers. The hand moved, jerking a little, as if they'd started awake. It felt around a little and realized where it was, then stopped, half on my penis and half on my abdomen.
The pause had my full attention.
Going back down, it gently grabbed my penis through my underwear and held it, medium tight. It just held it, not moving. I didn't know what to do, but I decided that I really just wanted hugs and sleep.
I moved my hand down, and touched the hand touching me. I pulled it up, then followed the arm upwards. It was Jo, who had shifted to be right next to me.
She pulled her head into my ear, and whispered, "You're hard again."
I whispered back, cupping my hand to keep the sound going to her, "Not intentional. Happens when I sleep. Happens to all guys."
She shifted up, propped herself up to me, and pulled / guided my head to turn more so she could kiss me. She did, a soft kiss, a nice, caring, soft kiss that said something relaxed and emotional. Finished with it, she shifted back down, and I got my head out of its awkward bend and faced forwards again.
Lisa, who I was vaguely spooning, shifted a bit, and I could tell she was awake. Jo felt it, too, and pulled back to settle down again. I just lay there, looking into the back of Lisa's head. She turned, though, backwards, her face turning towards mine. I could barely see her eyes in the darkness. She was looking at me, silent, then whispered, "Kev, gotta say thank you for the bunk. This was the right thing to do tonight. I so, so desperately need to be held."
My arm was still behind her back. I reached over her front, pulling her to me. She responded by turning over more, more face to face with me, and kissing me on the lips, softly, gently, lingeringly. Pulling back, she turned over again and pressed back against me. I hugged her, knowing this was closeness that we both needed.
On my left, I felt Jo move again, and I wondered what was up. She shifted, turning, and at first I thought it was to face away from me. Instead, I heard her.
"Dana?"
Dana said, "uh...uh, yeah?" Dana had been asleep, but lightly.
Jo whispered, "You awake?"
Dana said, "Yeah, ... what's up?"
Jo whispered, "So, I woke up. I noticed Kevin was awake. I said thank you for us doing this, right, for this sleep pile thing? Then, I kissed him. And, it was... a nice kiss. And, then, Lisa woke up, and she said the same thing."
Dana said, "Uh, so...? You're waking me? ... Oh, yeah... Ok..."
Jo shifted, "It's only fair. Besides, we should switch places anyway. So, you're not on the outside all the time. Here, go under me."
As they moved, I rolled backwards so I was laying more flat. There wasn't much room when I slept this way.
Dana moved under Jo, and snuggled in on my left side, her boobs pressed up against my left arm, her legs touching mine all the way down, and her feet touching Lisa's, I could tell, and kind of rubbing up and down both of ours for a second.
I made a sort of low, whispered, "Mmmph..." exhale.
Dana's hand came back across my chest, up, and pulled my face to hers. She pressed her cheek to mine, and said, "Kevin? Thank you for having us do this. I need this."
There was nothing to say, I nodded, "I needed it too. Need it. Still."
She nodded, on me, rubbing my cheek a little, and pulled back and over, kissing her way to my mouth. Her mouth kissed mine, fully open, her tongue painting my briefly closed lips before I opened, too, and kissed her back. This meant something, I thought. This was a kiss that meant something. I got lost in it for a minute, it went on.
Pulling away, she broke the kiss, and then settled in on my shoulder, like Lisa was. Jo, adjusting behind her, I could feel Jo's arm come over and rub down the length of Dana's, and then pull both of us tight.
I visualized Jo's small chest pressed up against Dana's back, just as I felt Dana's rather massive chest pressed against my side, and Lisa's medium-large chest (large for her frame) pressed against my other side.
I just stayed silent. I had nothing to say that would add to the situation. After a while, I rolled on my side, on my left. Soon, Dana rolled on her other side, and Jo, too. My arm went over Dana, and came down about boob level. Dana took it and pulled it to the center of her chest, holding my hand in hers.
I felt a small sob, then, and another.
Another sob from behind me, and we were all crying again, then not, then ... sleep.
At some points in the night, people got up and came back, I think to go to the bathroom. I was cold so I stayed put at first.
Later, I woke up, found I couldn't avoid it, got up and went to pee. I heard someone else in the bathroom but didn't see them.
Washing my hands, I decided to splash my face with water, and that helped a little with the headache, but it was still there. Too much crying.
Back in bed, I realized my skin was cold; they moved around to let me in and we shifted to get comfortable, but I was so tired I don't think I was awake very long.
The Loss Begins
The blaring trumpet call of First Call startled us all awake. We lay there, snuggled together. I was still spooning Dana, and as the noise subsided, I noticed I had a strong erection poking into her tailbone. My hand was ... I discovered my hand was up her shirt, holding her right/upper breast, cupping it, her hand over mine holding it there.
Over my shoulder, Lisa was spooning me, her arm over my chest, under mine. She moved it quickly with a start as we awoke, but then put it back and pulled me tighter.
Dana's arm was cupping my hand, and not over Jo, but they were tight up together. The blanket was down near our waists, we'd found in the night that it was a bit much heat-wise when 4 of us were together.
Relaxing after the noise, we all inhaled a bit. Lisa sat up a bit, and noticed, I could see, where my hand was. I thought she might object; she didn't, she just rubbed up and down my chest, and down the side of my hip, then up Dana's hip, and over our arms. Touch. That was the thing that was giving me a sense that kept me from being in free-fall. Touch of another person. Being held.
Lisa said, "You guys are ... helping me."
I said to Dana, "Switch sides... Turn over?"
She nodded, and I withdrew my hand, feeling the nipple in my palm as I did so; Dana inhaled slightly as I did that. I turned over, we all did, but I could see that my arm coming out of Dana's shirt was also noticed by Jo.
We resumed our spoons-in-a-drawer, four in a row, arms around each other, hugging tighter or loser as the moment struck us. I pulled on Lisa, now in front of me, my arm around her stomach and ribs, though my pull was not to move her closer but to express an emotion by the tighter grasp and pulsing squeeze of a reassurance that this person was really there and not just a couch I'd thrown my arm over.
The t-shirt my arm was over was twisted, and I wanted skin against me. I whispered, "May I?" and tugged at the shirt bottom, and got a short 'of-course' nod. Under the shirt, her warm, soft, taut skin over relaxed muscles gave my grasp some added 'security', as if the touch of human skin would make everything towering in my head fly away. I wasn't going for a boob grab, I just wanted the skin. Around her torso, I pushed my fingers between the bottom of her ribcage and the bed, a firm grasp that stayed in place.
I said out loud what I was thinking, loud enough they could hear me (the silence around us was so deep that even a whisper was audible across the room anyway). "I'm holding you, and I'm falling at the same time. There's nothing under me. Where is my life? I have no idea. I'm disconnected and falling, but... this grasp [I squeezed Lisa a little], and this grasp," my lower arm was touching Dana's arm grasping my stomach, so I squeezed her hand a little as best I could], "they bind me up, a little. I don't know where I am, but at least I'm with someone, several someones, who... are here with me."
Dana said, "With me, too. And... and for me."
Lisa gave an emotional but dejected sounding "mmm-hmmm."
We lay there for a good long while not talking.
Lisa's face was up right up near the wall the bed was set against, so her arm didn't have much place to go, her elbow was on my arm holding her. She moved it, reaching under the covers. She said, "Here.", and pulled up on my arm. I let go, and she pulled up her shirt enough to put her own arm next to mine, and guided it upwards, pulling it towards her downward left breast. She pulled up on the skin of her boob, I could tell, shifting a little, getting it out in front of her, and pulled my hand down right on top of it, her hand over mine, cupping it.
I squeezed, softly, gently, not on the boob as an object, but of the boob towards her body. Again, I was pulling on her, not as a way to move her, but as a mini-hug when we were already sort-of hugging. My eyes closed. The pain that hung in my chest, the empty spot, the loss -- these weren't going away.
My parents, images of them came into my head. Quickly, my breath convulsed as a sob before I knew what it was. I was crying, into the back of Lisa's head. Images kept coming, of my running around as a kid and seeing my mom planting flowers in the front walk garden, of her finding me one day reading a book while stretched out on the chairs pushed under the kitchen table because, 'Yes it is too comfortable here!', pride as I walked down the aisle the first time for my first undergraduate diplomas, hugs and kisses at night putting me to bed, telling me she loved me so much and just knew I'd grow up to be big and strong and do great things for the world.
Dana whispered in my ear, "What is it?"
I said what it was. I told the stories of my mom, seeing me do things and getting upset, or being happy, or just being weirded out when I repeated a conversation. Dana didn't know what I meant by that, and I realized I hadn't told them yet about my Etta, so I just said, "my mom's memory isn't as good as mine".
This recitation of events produced another round of crying by all of us, and descriptions of what we were thinking about. Our hand towels were under our pillows from last night, and I blubbered into mine just the same. We didn't have tissue of any kind, it looked like, so we had to make do.
Importantly, it seemed that sometimes crying doesn't come from one thing or idea like I thought it did. Instead, it seemed to be a feeling, a raw tension, and only later, in the middle of the cry or after, did I try out some ideas about what it was about. Sometimes those ideas seem to fit the emotion or feeling, sometimes they didn't and were wrong, but they were guesses.
Adding very specific rationality to crying doesn't make sense. Crying is crying.
I needed both hands sometimes to blow my nose, but when I was done, I put my hand back under the covers and under Lisa's shirt, cupping her boob. Each time, Lisa's hand welcomed mine in, covering it, intertwining fingers, stroking the back of my hand, or even hugging my hand and arm closer to her body.
After a long time of this, Lisa shifted backwards a bit and her butt ran into my front. This led to some pressure, vibration, and movement on my package, and very shortly I was sporting a pretty strong erection pressing against Lisa's butt. I was in my underwear, but somehow it had shifted and I'd poked out of the access hole in the front of the boxers. There's a different feeling to having an erection rub against my underwear versus someone else's. This was even more stimulating.
I tried to shift backwards a little.
Dana, behind me, was not ready for that, since she was pressed in pretty tightly, so I couldn't go anywhere. She tried to move a little, then said, "What's up?"
I didn't quite know how to respond to that, but Lisa beat me to the punch. "Kevin's up."
"What?" Dana asked.
Lisa said, "I shifted backwards and my butt moved against him. Now, he's got a stiffie pressing against my butt." She said it so calmly, like this was the perfectly normal response of anyone. I was embarrassed. I didn't want to be seen as taking advantage of them.
I said, "Listen, I'm sorry, I'm doing what I can here, I'm not trying to..."
Lisa said, relaxed and a bit dismissive of my worries, "Kevin, quiet down. You're hard. That's fine. It'll go away eventually, just relax."
Dana's hand was around my ribs, sandwiched between Lisa's back and my stomach. Her grip shifted, moving away and rubbing up and down my side, my stomach, hugging me a bit, then stopping. Then, about a minute later, she started rubbing again, going down my leg and up, and around. She ran into Lisa's butt, so she rubbed lisa's side and leg, too, absently. I turned my hips outward a little to try to press up against Lisa's butt less, which sort of worked, but then Dana's hand came around again and found a resting spot right on my cock. Her hand utterly stopped, then it grasped my cock, gently, her cool hand wrapping around the shaft just under the head.
Dana said, conspiratorially, "Lisa, don't worry. Kevin's dick won't attack you now. I'm holding it back." She laughed, then let go.
Lisa laughed, too, then Jo, behind Dana, laughed as well. I realized that, to guys, it would have been a laugh that was showing humor, but... for girls, it was a break-the-tension laugh. They were all concerned that my erection would lead to something uncomfortable, and Dana confronted it and made it be out in the open as a subject, removing the tension. Girls didn't think like guys, I was learning. I was learning fast.
My erection had been subsiding a little, but having been held, I was stimulated and frustrated.
Eventually, it went down, and I could tuck it back into my underwear. This wasn't a fast process because I was cupping, squeezing, and kneading Lisa's supple, dentable but thick-feeling breast, the nipple poking into the center of my hand. All four of the girls I'd ever held the breasts of before had had much smaller boobs, of much more flabby consistency, and they mostly didn't really want much breast stimulation at all. The contrast between Lisa and those girls was startling to me, and freeing. All these girls had much more relaxed attitudes about their bodies than I was used to. Perhaps it was because they were older, I thought.
Lisa's butt shifted again as she turned away from me, pulling me inward with her. Again, my package made contact, this time with a place below her butt on her high upper thigh, and with one of my legs over her lower leg, I was getting a lot of skin contact. Her breath, though, was coming in fits and starts; she wasn't exactly crying, but it was obvious she was in distress. Her legs locked my leg, and held it, hard, as she heaved.
I asked, "What's on your mind?"
"Sisters," She sobbed out, "my younger sister, and my older one! My older sister is going to get married next spring, I was going to be her maid of honor..." She paused, breathing in fits and starts, but getting it under control. Speaking again, her voice was more of a lament. "And, now, I've ruined their lives, too. She'll have to find someone else."
"Yeah." I didn't have any rejoinder to that. Obviously, she'd find someone, I thought, but that wasn't the point. The point was, it wasn't going to be Lisa, and Lisa had been looking forward to that.
Somewhere around then, I realized all that skin hadn't exactly made me hard, but I was close to it, and I didn't want to upset her. I didn't know what to do. I said, "Uh, Lisa? I've got a problem..."
"Yeah, you're stiff again, I feel it."
"No, ... well, yes, but no, that's ... I want to hug you, but your... I don't want to, but I can't do anything about it. Your skin is so soft, I'm ... can I move, maybe switch with Dana?"
"No. Stay there. I'll cope. I need your arms around me."
"I'm sorry, I really am, I can't..."
"It's okay. Just hold me."
"You got it."
Dana squeeze-hugged me from the back, tightly, showing she was in on the caring circle.
Jo, from behind Dana, said, "Hey, Lisa?"
"Yeah?"
"My oldest brother got married last year. It was beautiful, and fun, sure. But, it was a party I didn't see him much at. He was always busy, talking with people, doing stuff. We had a much closer chance to visit last Christmas. Don't be upset too much about the wedding. I'm sure your sister knows you love her."
"She does."
The calm from this exchange lasted another 30 seconds before both Lisa and Jo started crying again. But, this time, Lisa turned over, rolled over a bit sort-of from the side (missing my hardness, thank goodness) and clutched me around the shoulders, burying her head under my chin, and crying full-out. I said, stroking her hair, "It's okay, it's okay, Lisa. I'm here. It's okay. She'll be okay. You'll be okay. I'm right here. I've got you."
Rather than make her calmer, it seemed to make it worse, but she clutched me tighter, so I wasn't really sure. I just remembered when I was little, and I'd cry, that's what my mother had said to me. I remembered her saying it, so it seemed like the right thing to say. I wasn't sure, coming out of my mouth, if it was. Lisa's sobs wracked her body. My arms around her back, I held her to me, tightly at times, rubbing my hands around slowly in consolation.
My own tears were flowing, I could feel, falling off my cheeks and into her hair. My skin less simulated, I noticed my cock had gone down again, thank god.
Time passed.
Hell is Not Unpopulated
I heard the door open, slowly, about an hour later, 9 am or so. Amber poked her head in, then walked in, with Kim, Heather, and Jamie close behind her. Jamie closed the door behind her so she could see easily. They all came up to the bed. Lisa stopped crying and sniffled, then looked up as Jamie handed her a hand-towel. Kim asked, got assent, and turned the room lights on.
We all sort-of sat up. I could see they were in the same sort of sleeping garb -- t-shirts, some with socks. Pretty legs. It occurred to me that only Amber was wearing a bra. Odd things my brain was noticing. Then again, I was kind of surrounded and had been super horny not that long ago.
Kim said, "I'm getting hungry, I didn't eat much last night. We were thinking, maybe, breakfast, then come back here?"
We all nodded.
Kim said, "Showers later. We'll get something on, then go." They left the room.
The girls moved to exit the bed. Since the provided women's underwear was all white and I climbed down the ladder last, I saw three VERY nice butts as they went to the ladder then turned and went down. The T-Shirts were white, too, and there were nice globes under them, much more visible than the previous night since the room lights were on.
Sweats were on the floor where we'd left them, as were socks and crocs, and it seemed to be the thing to do to pull on yesterday's. Dana pulled off her shirt and grabbed her bra, revealing those wondrous globes, only to be joined by both Jo and Lisa, who had apparently decided suddenly that being topless in front of me was not a big deal. I loved that, for sure, and tried to pretend I wasn't looking that closely.
Lisa said, "It's okay, Kevin, it's okay for you to look. You were just touching them. You can look at them."
I kind of squeaked in as nonchalant a way as I could, "Ummm... thanks! I... I like them. You have beautiful breasts, Lisa."
She smiled at me kindly as she put on a bra. "Yes, but you can't look at them all the time. I have to be dressed to walk around."
I realized I had been uneven, as President Obama had said, I had to be even. I turned around to Jo, who had just put on her bra, "Jo? You have beautiful breasts, too."
Jo said, "Smart guy. Making sure we're all complimented. Dana, she's next?"
"Definitely," I said, "But, I already told Dana that she has beautiful breasts. I told her the first night. We showered, and I saw them then. She knows. But, maybe she's forgotten." I turned to face Dana, "Dana? You have really beautiful breasts."
Dana smiled at me and said with mock superiority, "Pfff! As if I don't already know that." She threw her hair sideways like models do and turned her nose in the air. "You all know it too. Fabulous Breasts!" Then, she slumped a bit, hunched over forwards, and said with an exasperated and tired tone, "But, there's a price to be paid: constant backaches, plus being unable to buy shirts without a lot of contemplation. And, don't get me started on how much my bras cost."
Jo said, "What are you?"
"37, either E or Double-D, most places. Victoria's Secret has no truth in sizing, they label mine as triple-D, but I figure they're busy trying to make women feel better about themselves. I tried shopping online from a French company, they had me measure, like, my chest, then my bustline, then, like, when I was letting them dangle, the circle around the breast itself like I was choking it! Funky. Everything in centimeters. They said I was either an F or a G - different system over there."
Lisa, turning a bit red, I could see, said, "I sometimes have problems with sizing, too, but... I don't shop at Victoria's Secret. They have too-sexy things. Plus, it's expensive, and I'm... I was massively in debt. I just want to be comfortable! Well, comfortable, and well-supported. Some of that other stuff is too scratchy."
Jo said, "I like the frilly pretty stuff. It's not ALL scratchy. Depends on how much you pay, and if you go to a specialty bra store. But, I don't have problems like Dana, obviously." Jo's boobs were close to a B, I thought.
I said, trying to be diplomatic and countermand the bigger-is-better thing, "What you have is exactly right for you, Jo."
They all looked at me and blank-stared me. I had said something wrong but wasn't going to be chastened for it.
Dana broke that. She said, "And, on that cheesy note, let's get breakfast."
First Breakfast of the Forever
We walked out of the hab together. Not many people were about, it was 9:15 am. I saw some people going to take showers, and some others sitting, alone, or in pairs, against the wall, heads in arms, crying or talking. Pain was everywhere.
We passed the first person, sitting and crying alone. I recognized her from being 2 habs down from us. I said, "Hold on, " and walked back a couple of steps and squatted down, first to one knee, and then sat on my foot with one knee up. I waited.
She looked up at me. Her name was Tina. "What."
I spoke softly so the others couldn't hear. I said, "Sorry to bother you. You're Tina, right? We met yesterday."
"Yeah."
"Uh... I can't change anything, but I can give you a hug if you want one."
Looking at the girls standing 4 or 5 meters away, then back at me, Tina said, "You're going to breakfast. Why are you stopping for me?"
My own eyes got bleary since we'd all just been crying and it was still close to the surface. I cleared my suddenly thick throat and said, "Because People Matter. You're people. You're in pain. Nobody who's in pain wants to ... No, that's not right. Uh... I.. I thought you might like a hug. Even if you don't know me very well, maybe, you might feel better or something. I'm sorry, I don't know what I'm doing. I just thought, well, maybe, I ... Do you ... Can I give you a hug?"
She thought about it, looked at my habmates, and at my eyes, and said meekly, "Okay." She shifted up, sat on her feet, and put her arms around me, hugging me, and sobbing a bit. I looked up to my habmates and said, "Go on, I'll catch up."
Dana said something to Kim, and they came over to us, and suddenly we were both being lifted up to standing position, and each of my habmates gave Tina a hug. I said, "We're eating breakfast. Come with us?"
"Oh. I ate. I'll come with you, though."
Walking down the hallway, we got to the cafeteria, and found it had a lot of people in it, maybe 100, but they were spread out all over the place, even up on the stage, sitting and talking. Some were alone, writing in journals or something.
We threaded our way through some tables to get to the food area, and we passed a journal-writer. It made sense, there were no desks in the habs.
I stopped by the writer, who looked like she was trying to remember something, and asked, "What'cha writin'?"
"I'm trying to write down," she said with a touch of anger in her voice, "as exactly as I can remember, as much of the speech from yesterday as I can remember. I made a deal with her and her..." (she motioned to two other writers, busy, bent over notebooks), "that I could write it all down, more completely than they could. I think I can, at least. You're interrupting, but ... I think we can combine it into a single narrative, and we'll have a record, like, for the future. I thought it might be really important, later."
I nodded. I thought for a moment, and said, "Tell you what. If you give me some paper and a pen, I'll write it out verbatim for you, exactly as it was said. It'll take an hour or two. If you want, I can describe what they were wearing and their mannerisms at any given point, if you want that, too." My habmates, who had stopped when I did, heard this and looked at me like was crazy.
The girl, though, thought I was patronizing her, or lying. "I don't need your superiority complex. I've got enough major fucked up shit going on in my life, don't pile on with some women-are-stupid crap!"
I tried to change my tone to conciliatory, "No! No, it's not like that. Sorry! I'm ... I have this thing." I leaned on the back of a chair opposite her and had an almost-pained expression on my face as I rubbed my forehead, "And, I have to explain it without seeming like a total ass. So, here's the thing: My memory is really weird. As in, medical-condition weird. I've got this thing where I can remember everything I see, and most of what I hear. It really is medical. I can recite whole conversations from years ago. If you want, I can do the speeches for you."
She looked dubious and still like I was crazy.
I continued, "It's a good idea, you had a really good idea. Somebody should write this. Really, I think that somebody has to be me. I'm definitely the only person here who could."
She looked at me, "How come you think you can do this? Nobody gets everything."
My habmates were gathered around me, around the table, looking at me like I was claiming to be from Mars.
I said, "Ok, so, I'll prove it. Eisenhower started it, in a dark suit with a striped tie and the DOD logo. He said..."
I started reciting Eisenhower's exact speech, and went on for a minute or two, and stopped.
There were big open mouths around the table, my habmates not having known that I could do what I could do. The girl at the table said, "uhhh...."
Silence for a couple of seconds.
She said, "So, can you can write out the entire thing? All of them? Here, use my notebook!" She gave me her notebook and her pen.
I said, "Okay. But, I'm hungry. If someone can get me a bowl of... pears? Peaches? Something. And, some of that hard-tack bread? Maybe one of those giant convenience-store coffee-roll donuts? I'll start writing?"
Heather said, "I'll get it. Coming right up."
I sat down, and started writing out Ike's speech, and I went into a zone with the writing. My stomach grumbled, and I ate some bites and tried to write at the same time, which didn't really work. I noticed then that the girl had joined my breakfasting habmates and Tina at the next table over, and were talking in low tones around me to not disturb me.
About an hour later, I finished with Ike's speech, and turned around and said, "Done. That's Ike." I was hugely hungry, so I started wolfing down my food. My habmates pulled their chairs over to my table and started trying to look through the pages I'd written.
The girl said, "I'm Christy, Christy Long. Hab, uh, B3C7."
I said, "Kevin Kooper, B3D2." We shook hands.
She looked at the paper I'd written, and saw the text, and started reading, and nodding, "This is fantastic. There's, oh my god, there's all of it... You've... " She shook her head, almost disbelieving, "This is awesome. Fucking awesome." Her eyes started watering, I could see. She looked like she was going to cry.
I was right. As she read, she started sobbing, and sat down at the table again, head in hands. I ate in silence; most everyone was done eating by now so it was just me chowing down while my habmates started reading the last page of what I'd written.
Kim, having finished, said, "Uhhh, this is some kind of incredible, and it's on notebook paper like some class assignment."
"Thank you," I said, "But, I can't get too much credit. My parents get that blame. The brain stuff is genetic." I had to change the subject or we'd be talking about me forever, which frequently happened. People kept wanting to ask if I could do this or that thing, usually involving gambling or taking exams at school. Christy had looked up at me. I asked her, "So, Christy, what's your degree? Or, what's your specialty?"
She was surprised by the question, and said, "I'm a production engineer! Or, I was. I worked for a paint company. I help lay out the chemical buys, the process equipment, figure up schedules, that sort of stuff. All around, most of the tech stuff was me. Operational stuff and design, both. I had to take over quick because my manager went on maternity leave, and then it turned out she really had gotten a different job, and just left. That was like 2 years ago. I'd only been her assistant for like 3 months, so I had to pick it all up fast. Then, they just said, 'stay?' so I did. So, kind fun, but it was really hectic, too."
I nodded, "Engineering I understand, but, the paint, that's kind of cool. I have undergrads in both chem and chem-E. [chemical engineering]. We didn't do much stuff with surfactants and PVA's, but they seemed like really cool applied work."
She gushed, her face lighting up, "I know, right? Like, there's all these binders, and ways to make the dyes or ti-dox's chelate out but only when the oxygen supply goes up fast, like, 'Brush, meet paint, paint, meet brush!' That stuff."
We talked shop for a while about the chem. My habmates were kind of listening, I could tell, but weren't really up on the conversation.
I could tell Kim was antsy to go. So, I finished up the conversation, said thanks to Christy, and we went up and did our dishes, then left.
On our way out, Christy came over and introduced her friend, Jane Ferveddy, who shook hands briefly. Jane was holding the notebook, so I figured Christy was showing it around. I promised to write down the other speeches when I got a chance and said that Christy could hold on to them. Maybe she could be historian or something. She laughed like, 'as if!', a nod to the reputation that the 'soft sciences' like history held in engineering circles. The fact that I had some undergrads in soft sciences I hadn't mentioned amused me since, for her, I was masquerading as a total chem geek.
Kim said, 'We've got to shower. It's 9:20, and there's going to be this self-government thing at 10," so we left, went back to the hab straightaway.
Getting there, we went to our cabinets, stripped off clothes and wrapped towels around ourselves. I noticed Jo's landing-strip bush pattern that wasn't well trimmed, and Dana's a non-trimmed triangle. I didn't look to see that. I saw it out of the corner of my eye, and replayed it in my head while headed off to the showers. I was only mildly turned on by it; mostly it was just a set of facts I was noticing.
It was the first time I'd showered with all the members of my hab, at the same time. The showers had lots of people, again, but thankfully no one was trying to take off or put on clothes by the cubbies. Everyone there was super-serious looking, and I saw 2 girls that were openly crying, leaning up against each other near the wall, their foreheads touching. Soon, they sank to the floor and kneeled. They were leaning on each other in massive, abject grief.
Other girls, showering, had a sort-of wide-eyed blank stare going, and weren't particularly hurrying or seemingly aware of where they were very much. Shell shocked, is the phrase, and it was apparent on their faces as inability to focus their eyes on any one thing.
We split up to find open showerheads, and started my washup. I thought about why so many people were showering. I mean, for what? Would it matter anymore? Why bother doing anything like getting ready for stuff. But, as a group, we all appeared to be reasonably high achievers. In a place where being locked up forever was out of our control, the idea of being clean was a habit we grasped.
Plus, there was the close-quarters living thing.
I finished quickly; I'd always been able to take fast showers. As I was drying off, Jo came up, her boobs utterly immobile from being both tight to her chest and firm, I would presume.
Following her, though, was Amber, whose prodigious breasts swayed a bit from side to side as she walked. She saw me watching her as she walked, and her arms unconsciously flew up to cover her nipples and crotch. She was looking down. I turned around, realizing that she was pretty shy about these things, but it occurred to me that her attitudes would probably be changing pretty soon.
Self-Government
At 9:45 some chimes sounded on the loudspeakers, then a voice came over and said, "Meeting at 10 am, cafeteria. Self-Government."
Cleaned and dressed (minus dragging a razor over my face, which seemed a bit much at that moment), we headed to the cafeteria, where we followed the crowd by carrying our chairs up to the front near the stage.
When we got there, there was a girl on the stage, just waiting. She had the look of having done this before, but we all knew no one particularly was in charge, so I wondered why she decided she would do it.
Right at 10, she took a step forward and held up her hands, an irrelevant move since most people were quiet anyway.
"Hello. My name is Mindy Reloft. I'm standing here because I thought it would be good if someone took the lead on this, and I was a Communications and PR major. I'm not going to run for any office, or advocate for anyone. I'm comfortable helping this way, so if no one objects, I'll try to coordinate things a bit up here. If you're okay with this, please raise your hand so we all know it's okay and you agree ....?"
Most people raised their hands, slowly.
"Good. Okay. So, we were given the goal of self-government by President Obama, and that means coming up with an executive, legislative, and judicial setup. To start with, though, I'd like to suggest that we run this meeting according to Robert's Rules of Order, which means basic parliamentary procedure, like, only one person speaks at once, or the idea that we make motions, second them, and then vote on them. That's the idea. So, I move that we use Robert's Rules of order for this meeting. Can I get a second?"
Someone called out, "Seconded."
"Voting for, raise your hands now.".... She looked around, it was almost everyone. "And, hands down. Voting against?"
Nobody, the room was quiet.
"Excellent. Motion passes, we use Roberts. Third, I'd like to propose that we start by having an interim government just like a city would, with a mayor, a city council, and maybe a judge, somebody who might be a lawyer? This would only be an interim measure. We would set a timeframe for full elections, with a defined term of office, later. So, I hereby move that we elect an interim government consisting of a mayor, a city council and a judge, terms expire in, say, two weeks? I need a second."
A bunch of people said, 'Seconded" at the same time.
"All those in favor say 'Aye'?" We did. "Nay?" No one responded, unanimous agreement.
"Right. Now comes the fun part: Candidates. If you're interested in being Mayor, come and stand behind me on my left. If you think you could be a capable city council member, on my right. We'll do judges last. Okay, come on up."
People looked around the room at each other, back and forth. One person stood, then another, then another, and soon a group was onstage.
As they walked she said, "Everybody up here? Good. Interim Mayors first, looks like we have 5 candidates. Let' have a 3 to 5 minute speech from you on why you'd be a good interim mayor. Ready?"
A half-hour later, we had a mayor, and an hour after that, we had a council. One girl in our entire level had a law degree, from Brandeis, so she was made the municipal judge. She got up and said her condition for running for judge was that she didn't want to hear disputes about underwear on the floor. People laughed, and the motion to make her the judge carried easily.
Mindy finished up with, "Okay, that concludes self-government elections. I move we adjourn the preliminary meeting and direct the mayor to immediately open the first city council meeting. Will anyone second?"
"Seconded!"
All those in favor? .... "Aye"
Opposed? ... Silence.
"I don't have a gavel, people, so this will have to do. Motion passes, preliminary meeting adjourned." She stomped on the stage, but it was granite, so there was no sound.
A slight pause while Mindy turned around and shook hands with everyone, then went off the stage. The mayor, Sophia Burgess walked up to the front.
She waited, and the murmuring voices stopped. She said, loudly, "I hereby call the first city council meeting of B3 to order. We have no past business." She turned to the council, standing on the stage behind her. "Does anyone have suggestions for new business?"
One of the girls said, "chairs." Obviously, she wanted to sit down up there, on the stage.
Chairs were moved up to the stage to allow them to sit, and she continued, "Next?"
People looked around, and someone from the audience stood up and raise their hand. The mayor turned to the audience and said, "Yes, what is your suggestion?"
"The welcome packet said each hab was going to have a leader, named a prime. It might be a good idea to have the group of primes do something."
"Noted. I'll suggest, then, that each hab elect a prime, and that they meet ... tomorrow morning? Yes. We have the...? Animals? Yes. We have, quote, animal husbandry doors open, unquote, at noon. So, let's have another public council meeting tomorrow morning at 9 am. Agree? Oh, yeah... I move ..." she repeated it, passed it, and adjourned the meeting.
Hab Election
Back at the hab, minutes later, with nothing to do, I was going to lay down on my bed and just fret for a while, but Kim, who seemed to be the busybody, said, as soon as she walked in the door, "hab election"
I said, "As the only guy here, I abstain."
Kim looked at me strangely.
"I think I know who it's going to be, and since I'm okay with that, I'm going to abstain."
Kim nodded, "Okay, but, can you come anyway?"
I walked in and sat down in the only empty spot. Kim started off and asked if everyone would be comfortable with her being prime of our hab, and there was nodding all around. "Okay, then," she said, "I accept the role of prime of hab B3D2. ... Does anyone have any problems they'd like to bring up?"
Silence.
Kim cleared her throat and said, "Right. I guess that's me then. Uh...Kevin?"
"Yes?" There was something going on here that I wasn't in on.
Her expression changed to the 'I'm going to be frank' look. She said, "We'd like to have a girls-only meeting for a bit."
I smiled. This made more sense. They wanted to talk about me behind my back, which was fine. I said, smiling and reasonably happy, "Great! I thought it might be something bad. I figured you were talking about me already, so you might as well do it now. No worries."
She went on, "Sorry...? Can you ... find something else to do for a while? Maybe an hour or two? Is that too long? I'm sorry that we have to do this to you. I mean, you live here, too, and you have the right to ... be here, sort of, but..."
I was still smiling, because I actually was okay with it. I stood up and said, "Stop, fine, it's really fine. I'll go hang out and read for a while. Just fine. I'll probably be... down the gallery or something. Dunno."
I went to the back and got a novel that I'd brought, and went down the gallery to the end and sat against the end wall. It was plenty far from my hab, but I could still see the front area in the distance and they could probably see me if they came outside.
My butt hurt after about an hour, so I stood up and leaned for another 30 minutes. I happened to look up and see Jamie walking towards me. She motioned that I should come back, so I did.
Arrangements
Kim was holding a notebook with some writing, but I couldn't read it, it was too far away.
She looked around and obviously was speaking for the group, "Okay. We did some talking, and we took some votes. Most of those votes concern you. Now, relax, before you get all worried, you came out pretty good here, but I want to tell you what we decided."
I asked, "Do I get to vote, too?"
She laughed, and said, slowly, "I don't really think you'd vote no on any of these, but fine, if you want to, speak up when I describe them. Ready?"
"Sure."
"First, we asked, 'Is Kevin ethical?'. The answer was yes. So, we asked, 'is he honorable, does he have high ethics, not bad ethics?' and the answer was, unanimously, yes." She looked up at me, "Would you like to vote yes on that, or no?" She was grinning a bit, but there was also some seriousness to her voice.
"Yes, I believe I'm pretty ethical. I grew up kind of Methodist, and kind of agnostic. So I'm not really sure I exactly conform, but ... yeah, I think I've been pretty good at staying inside the lines. Mostly..." I tried to think of any examples of where I hadn't, I thought of a bad breakup I had once where I didn't call her back and avoided her a lot in the hope she'd go away, that wasn't ethical, but I didn't know how to mention it. "I would say my mistakes have been ... not permanently harmful, mostly... inexperience."
She accepted that. I knew I was going to have to explain that later. That's the way this kind of thing worked, I was convinced.
"Next?"
"Okay. Here's the list of them. I'm going to read them quickly. The answers, after some discussion, were all yes. The questions, really, were:
Are we okay with being in the same hab with you? Yes. Bed? Yes. A relationship? Yes.
Are we okay with your physical appearance, like, attractiveness? Yes.
Are we okay with your habits and cleanliness? Yes, so far. [she looked at me for confirmation and I shrugged]
Are we okay with the idea of having, at some point, eventually, sex with you? Yes.
Are we okay with our habmates having sex with you? Grudgingly, yes.
Are we okay with you having sex with a habmate in another bed in the same room? Yes. This took some discussion, but we don't see a way to get privacy in here. Every other option is complicated and we figured it would break down quickly, especially overnights.
Are we okay with having sex with you in a room while a habmate is in the same room? Yes. Same shoe, different foot.
Are we okay with habmates having lesbian sex, as a general thing? Yes.
Are we okay with habmates having lesbian sex in the same room as ourselves? Yes, but it maybe a problem if it's too loud, maybe we'll revisit this.
I was nodding through this whole thing. It was kind of fun. They'd thought this through. I wondered, idly, if the news that I'd gotten a boner in the showers the first night had been discussed fully with the girls who might have missed it to start with. Who was I kidding, of course, I knew they'd talked about it. They talk about everything.
One of my girlfriends described the conversation she'd had with her mother about the sex we had. I couldn't contemplate talking about having sex with my mother, it was way, way, way too weird.
Not that I'd ever get the chance to have that conversation again.
Dana asked, "One question for you, though, that we didn't know for sure, and we figured we'd better ask."
"Shoot."
"Are you straight, mostly straight, a little bi, really bi, or, like, utterly closeted?"
I laughed a big laugh, "Ok. Uh, Yeah. Straight, not gay, not bi, just, straight. It's okay for other guys, I guess, I just don't need to be a part of any of that."
She nodded, making mental notes on how I responded, I was sure, for further discussion later, again, out of my earshot.
She continued, "Good. Now, what are your votes on the privacy questions, about where sex happens and who is in the room with you?"
I thought about it, and I realized I didn't really care. I said, "I can't care about that for now. We don't have any ability to lock ourselves away anyway, so why worry, I guess. Do I care if you have lesbian sex? Hell, no. No problem at all. Whatever you want to do. It's damned sexy as an idea, actually, that'd be an amazing, like, a major turn on for me. I may change my mind if it gets too loud, maybe, but only a remote maybe on that. So, yeah, have all the fun you guys want, it doesn't hurt me at all."
Kim nodded, and I could see some relief that they'd gotten this part done with, but still, Kim had something more.
"So," she said, "We actually need to talk about this a bit more. I'd like to really come out in the open and talk about it, because we're going to be living together, there's going to be, like, no secrets at all here." She looked around at the other girls, who were mostly nodding. "What do we do about the sex?"
Jamie, I got the idea she was a pretty practical person, said, "Well. If we want, we can find him, right?"
I saw a problem here, and I sort-of half-raised my hand to signal Kim. I don't know why I thought I had to raise my hand. It occurred to me it was stupid as I did it.
Kim looked at me, expectantly.
I said, "Obama made a great point. I can't treat you unfairly. I've got to be really, really evenhanded, and what happens if one girl, or even two, jump me, like, want to have sex a lot. Say, even, all day every other day, the other 5 of you totally miss out. That's not fair, and I'm going to get blamed for it. I've been in enough relationships to know, I usually get blamed when things go wrong like that."
I got a small scowl from Lisa. She said, "You get blamed, but, I presume you don't think whatever happened was your fault?"
Realization dawned on me that Lisa was channeling an inner demon, and I'd better step out of the way. I said, "I'm ... I ... I think I'd better shut up now." Lisa nodded at me, as if she'd proved a point, and I was really happy to switch topics away from 'my mistakes'
Kim said, "You're obviously right there, a spontaneous ad-hoc pairing method doesn't work here." She was very clinical sometimes. "We have to approach this with defined-benefits. How about defining which person Kevin is with, on which day? Everybody has to share, here, because, if not... well, we're never getting out of here, it looks like, and I still want to be able to have sex sometime, like, ever again."
Around the room, as Kim looked at them, each girl said clearly, "Yes." It was a definitive thing. It was a vote.
Dana said, when they'd gone around, "So, it's one day each? Oh, really, one night each?" Everyone nodded. She said, "What about when one of us has our period?"
Lisa said, "In 5 years?"
Dana said, "Didn't you talk about this in your travel container? We still get them, even with the Norplant. Some girls don't, like, nearly at all. Some have regular ones, like normal. It depends on the person."
"Oh."
Kim said, "Most guys don't like it. Kevin, you're in that group?"
I nodded, utterly agreeing, "Not my thing. Really, really, really not my thing."
Kim nodded, "Good, we understand you. So when that happens, the turn will just skip over you to the next person. Easy enough."
Jamie said, "So where do we start, and when? I don't know Kevin very well. I don't want to sleep with him tonight -- I ... don't ... I just don't know him." She looked at me, and said, "Sorry, Kev, I just don't, I'm ... I don't fall into bed like that, like, usually."
I spoke up, "I hesitate to get into the middle of this, but, it's perfectly reasonable to not want sex on some night or another. That's normal. So, we could have the rule that it being a person's night with me doesn't mean there's going to be sex. Either you, or I, can say no for that night. Or, we want to delay? And, another idea? Maybe one of you wants to have sex, but for whatever reason, not that night. You should be able to trade. That solves something? Maybe?" I wasn't sure. I took a deep breath, "I just need to know where I'm sleeping, and ...Oh, yeah. Here's a thing, also, Kim, where am I sleeping?"
Kim laughed, "Ha! Good question. Where does Kevin go to sleep, his bed, or ours?"
Dana said, "I vote it moves around, and whoever is the bedmate moves to Kevin's spot. Otherwise, every single night, it's above me, it's Kevin having sex with someone else, Right, Above, My, Head." Her head moved and she kind of made crazy fingers over her ears.
We all laughed at that, her face was funny. That was one of the first times we'd all laughed, as a group, in the last day. I made note of that.
Kim said, "Okay, vote, Kevin rotates, one person per day, agreed?"
Everyone said, "Yes."
"Next, vote, trades are allowed, agreed?"
"Yes."
Thinking for a minute, I interrupted myself and said, "Oh, but, wait. One more thing. Last night." I paused, and looked around, "We have to allow for someone wanting company but not sex, or someone else just wanting hugs, that should be okay, I think. We can't make the rule that doesn't let us have a night like last night, when we all really wanted hugs and holding. I don't think, anyway. Seems wrong, we should make sure we can all have hugs. This place... is... so cold. It's rock. There's not ... We need the people near us. I need that." My voice was quavering a little. I was feeling the impersonal part of this, the locked-away feeling.
Amber was sitting next to me. She reached over and took my hand in hers, and looked at me and nodded.
I nodded back.
Kim said, "Good point, I can see that. So, if the bedmate needs hugs and doesn't want to leave the bed, they ... can ask to stay, but it's up to Kevin and that person if the bedmate stays."
I said, "Yes. Only, there should be No Shame, or, like, No Pressure, that if someone says no, that's just the way it is, and asking to stay has no downside, just a simple yes or no. I guess that goes anytime? Like, anyone can ask anytime, but that night's person or I, we can say no if we want to... with no worry of offending anyone, just because it's what we want or not?"
Kim was nodding. "Yeah, that's not really a rule, though. That's more like an agreement, that nobody's going to be offended if you ask to sleep with or next to them, and nobody's going to be offended if someone says no." She looked and got nods, including from me. "Well, you all are nodding. Vote."
We all said, "Yes."
Amber, who had been quiet this whole time except to vote, broke the next silence, to some surprise. She said, "What... if Kevin can't keep up with every single night? He's..." she looked at me, "You're ... normal, mostly, right?"
I laughed and said, "THANK YOU. I was going to say something, but I didn't know if ... I hope I can, I mean, but, like, I think I can, but..." I smiled, "I guess I don't know."
Kim said, "Fine. Same rule for Kevin obviously goes for us if we're on our periods. If he needs a night off, he can say so. But, if he is taking that night off, that girl gets another shot at it the next night, or that isn't fair to her."
"Fair by me." I readily agreed. I just had to be able to have a respite, I thought. Probably.
Kim said, "So, what's next...?"
Jo wanted to talk about whether we had to eat together or could we eat alone, she wanted to run in the morning, probably, and what did we think about the other hab?
She was referring to the other giant shipping container in the same bay as ours was, separated by an empty space. It was sealed up with bolts with strange heads on them.
A long conversation about the 'other hab' followed, mostly the same stuff we'd talked about before, the same speculations.
Kim stopped the 'other hab' conversation with a "Back to the hab meeting, right?"
We all shut up and she took over again, "Is there any other business to get out of the way?"
I said, "Sorry, but yes, one thing." They were looking at me, so I just went ahead, "Um, when do we start this rotation thing? And, with whom? Do we flip a coin 3 times?"
Kim said, "We need a random choice here. Or, someone who wants to go first."
Dana raised her hand.
"You have a suggestion?"
Dana said, "I'll volunteer. For tonight, I mean. I guess... I know Kevin a bit better, because that first night... I'm okay with this. I think, mostly, it'll be okay, probably. But, I'm not for sure on the crying part. I'm still... a little, sort of, broken."
I looked at Dana with compassion in my heart; I said, "All of us. All of us, too."
We all nodded.
Kim said, "So, that's it?"
We were quiet.
"Good. Meeting adjourned."
We stood up and talked for a while about other stuff, until the lunch bell rang.
Naptime-HO
After lunch, we came back to the hab, most of us. I really wanted a nap. I'd seen Christy (from that morning's transcription session) at lunch, with her friend, Jane, who was on the city council. They'd come up to me after lunch and said she wanted to talk with me?
I begged off, and said I really need a nap and some hugs, and that I'd talk with her later. She was surprised, I think, but let me go. I heard Christy, as I walked away with Jo and Jamie, tell her, "We need to get him to do the other transcripts right away! What happens if he forgets? We'd lose them forever!"
The urgency I understood but the info was firmly in my brain. In the mean-time, I held Jo's hand with one hand, and Jamie's with the other, which seemed like a good idea until we got to the narrow doorways and people walking in the corridors.
Up in my bunk, I started out reading, but soon I felt my eyelids cranking down. Jo, who had come up to lie on her side of the bed, turned over on her side, away from me, facing the wall. I saw her shoulders shake, so I knew she was crying. I didn't know what to do about it, though, since some people want to be left alone, or, maybe not.
Just about then, Jamie came in the room, with Amber. Jamie said, "Amber and I wanted to take a nap, too, and rumor has it this is a good bunk to do that in."
I knew why they were there -- they wanted hugs and shoulders.
I motioned them up. As Jamie came up, I motioned, "Hold on" and motioned to Jo, crying.
Jamie nodded. I said, softly, "Jo, can Jamie come and lie by you?"
Jo nodded and sniffed.
Jamie crawled over to that side, on the far side of Jo, and they held each other. Amber climbed up, and then crawled over to me, into my open arms, laying her head on my chest. I put my arms around her, and, despite the newness of the situation, fell asleep.
Two hours later, about 3 o'clock, we all woke up when someone near our hab shouted. I was facing Amber, my mouth on her forehead, and I think I was drooling on her face. I apologized and she laughed, rolled her eyes, and wiped it off. I was so embarrassed, I kept apologizing. Amber tried to stop me by holding up a finger, but I said something else, and she stopped me by looking up at me (our heads were still very close) and kissing me on the mouth, despite me still talking.
My protestations turned into "Mmmmfhphs" and "Mmmmms" as she held me closer.
Amber moved over and crawled over me, straddling me, her mid-length hair falling around our faces like a tunnel. She hadn't said many words to me so far, that I'd heard at least. I had thought she was shy, but this was a bit forward of her considering that judgment.
Her head lay on the side of my face. It wasn't that comfortable, but she wanted it, so she got it, was my perspective.
After maybe 2 minutes of this, my cock was definitely straining against my sweat pants, and I could feel Amber's crotch pushing down on it also. She moved a little, and I automatically thrust with my hips, feeling the delicious friction there.
From beside me, Jamie, awake and watching this, said, "Kevin, are you getting hot and bothered? Amber, that's not your job right now."
Amber broke the kiss, looked down as she climbed down to be laying by my side, and said, 'Damnit, I know, I was just... He's kissable. Very, very kissable. Look at this. [pointing to my face] I want to kiss that. And that. [pointing to my neck] And, there." She waved haphazardly towards the entire rest of my body.
Both Jamie and Jo laughed loudly, and I looked over to see that Jo's eyes were still pretty puffy, as were Jamie's.
Kim walked in, a book in her hand. "Oh, you're awake. Good. Feeling better?"
Jo, a hard bit of realism in her voice, said, "No, actually. Well, yes, a bit, maybe; thanks, Jamie...?"
"No, thank you. We both, we're better, but not good though."
Kim said, "I get it. We're all raw here. I've heard a lot of people just walking down the corridor crying."
I said, remembering my task at hand, "I need to borrow a notebook from someone, and a pen. I'll need an hour or so."
Kim nodded, "You can use one of mine, I'll get it for you."
I started to get my limbs untangled, but, just as I was going, I turned around to face Amber, lying flat and face up on the bed. I crawled back up over her, bent down my head when I got to her chest and kissed the upper-inside of where her cleavage would be (we were all in sweatshirts), first left, then right, then I moved up and kissed her neck, then her cheek, then her lips, softly.
I said, "To be continued, sometime, not sure when."
Climbing back towards the ladder down, I realized I was ignoring Jamie and Jo, and I had to be fair. I hesitated, and stopped, and went back up, and went over to Jamie, lying there, and kissed her softly on the cheek, then bent over farther to Jo's face, and went to kiss her cheek, too, but she moved her head and I caught her on the lips. It was only for a moment, but I nodded silently, sadness but kindness in my face matching my mood.
As I climbed backward and then down the ladder, I heard Jo give some kind of "Whooowsh" sound, like she was impressed. This made me feel good; I was happy I could make someone feel good.
Sitting in the mid-hab, I wrote for the next hour or so, getting all the words down that Johnson and Obama had said, and a bunch of their mannerisms. Kim was seated opposite me, ostensibly reading her book, but I could tell she was really focused on me. At one point, I looked up and away, distantly, and then back, and I noticed a look of confusion crossed her face.
Jamie came in about halfway through, and then Jo. Amber came in, touched my head lightly as she passed by, then touched Jo's head, too, and went into her room. It was a bit of familiarity that was almost like a check-in that my roommate's dog used to do, circling the main floor of the house, touching everyone with his nose, and then going to the next person, in a circle. That dog was great fun, but annoying until I got used to the constant wet-nose-on-knee feeling.
Finishing the writing, I handed the notebook back to Kim, "Here. That's the 2nd and 3rd films, and the stuff on the screen before and after."
Kim asked me, "You looked up for a while... Did you forget something?"
"No," I shook my head and tilted it sideways a little in a sort-of explanation mode, "I wanted to capture the moods of the people as they spoke and moved, and I had to come up with the right words for that."
She nodded.
Jamie spoke up, "Kev, you free now?"
"Yup."
"I have a project I've been thinking about. Most of the water lines I've noticed come in from the front area, and down to the levels, but I'd like to go down to the other levels, compare ours to theirs, and trace the water and drain lines."
My eyes flared, "YES, that sounds like something approaching fun, but asymptotically, given my mood." I thought for a moment, and said, "Do you want to diagram it, or just look?"
"Diagram definitely, but not today. Today, I want to follow it around and just notice things if we can, a first glance. Sketching it out as a process-flow will take a while, and unless we have a big picture, it'll be hard to scale it right and all that."
I decided Jamie was pretty smart. "You said you did undergrad at Iowa. What in?"
"I double-majored in Civil and Mechanical Engineering. Plus, I was president of Iowa's Society of Women Engineers chapter my second senior year. I got 'cum laude' but not 'sigma cum' because I didn't do a thesis for both of the degrees, and my advisor didn't tell me I needed to until it was too late."
"That kind of thing happens all the time. I had trouble with it for my first undergrad, but I was too young to know how to ask for help."
Kim cut in and asked, "How old were you?"
"Oh, I started at Boston University just after I turned 14. I had most of the requirements but didn't have my GED until later. High school classes went too slow, so I skipped ahead."
They nodded, kind of like this was filling in some spots they already anticipated. Amber came back in, leaning on the doorway to listen. She said, "And, what was your major?"
"I started in math, but I was reading too many science fiction novels so I missed a bunch of class sessions, and they didn't like the homework grades. So, I got kind of pissed off at them and transferred to Harvey Mudd College in California. They let me take as many classes as I wanted to. Plus, I could take classes at Caltech and they'd accept the credit. So, I kind of overloaded myself for a year. I did 72 credit hours that year. They were stupid enough to make the rules, I just followed them."
"Rules?"
"Yeah. I could only take a certain number of credit hours per semester, but they didn't mind if I simultaneously took classes at another college and transferred them later. Stupid. They could have had more money, and I would have had less driving across town to do."
Kim was still processing what I'd said. "72 hours? in a year?"
"Oh, yeah. 32 each semester plus 8 in summer school."
Jo asked, "You said you started at 14, though. How old are you now?"
"Twenty, just turned."
Amber said, "I ... can't imagine that. How did you go to all those classes?"
"Oh, Harvey Mudd put most of them online as videos, so I just watched them straight through, and did all the homeworks and papers I could. I missed doing some so I got some lower grades, but that was okay 'cuz I was having fun. Finally, they let me do stuff. The physics labs were cool, too. Those, the lab classes, I had to make daytime for, and the write-ups took a long time until I figured out how they wanted them done and I could whip them out. You do a lot of them, you get a lot faster."
"You got more than one degree?"
"Oh, yeah, sure. Undergrads were fun. I had most of the BS and BA gen-Ed req's done from BU, and it transferred in. The other stuff was in specific majors, and I loved taking the survey courses." I looked at them, "I... don't want to brag though. People look at me weird."
Kim said, "Shut up. What are the degrees?"
"Undergrads, I have 7 -- math, linguistics, biology, chemistry, chem engineering, civil engineering, and nuclear engineering. Graduates, just 2, had my MS in biochem last year, and just finished my second MS, in geology, last fall. I love geology! It's what I wanted to do for the last 3 years, mostly. The biochem was a setup so I could understand what transforms were happening long-term underground, plus in ocean subductions. Really, though -- Geology, it's a blast, it's a giant mystery, figuring out what had to happen in order to see what you're looking at."
There was mostly silence in the room. I had been afraid of that.
Kim was nodding, slowly, trying to wrap her head around it. "So, you got the same degree that I did, but, you did it in like, a year?"
"No, I did a bunch of them overlapping, 'cuz I'd get interested and just take the next class. I didn't want to choose what I wanted to be, because it was all interesting. But, I got to the end of the curriculum, and it turned out I'd earned a bunch of degrees. I didn't do them because I was... obsessed, or anything. I'm just curious. And, I'm not really that smart, I just remember everything."
Silence.
Jamie broke it by just saying, "So, you... wanna go?"
"Sure." I said, "Let's see where the plumbing goes."
Jo asked, "Can I come, too?"
"Sure. Yeah. Let's go."
We trooped out the door. Kim had sat back, I think she was still trying to digest what I'd said.
Pipes Tour
We started at our hab, and went backwards towards the entrance, and found that some of the pipes were getting bigger, and others were getting smaller. This was a point of confusion until Jo said, "Duh. There's multiple sewer drains. One is down this way, beyond our hab galleries, and the other is that way, left of the grand entrance hall. All slope downward, they have to."
Making sense of the jumble overhead wasn't easy, but there were alphanumeric codes on all the pipes we could see from the floor level.
But, we didn't have to stay at floor level. There were ladders every 50 meters or so, in general, but some were hard to see stuck up behind pillars, or covered by access panels that opened when you slid them sideways.
The ladders let us climb above the pipes to see gauges, valves, spare sections of pipe, and some tools, chained to the valves. I'd seen that before; my nuclear engineering curriculum included a couple of plant visits and the critical valves always had extra wrenches that would take off the valve knob, lever, or wheel, so you could replace it or manually operate the valve with the wrench itself.
Suddenly, Jamie, who was standing over a section of pipes that didn't look special, whistled, long and loud. She was impressed with something.
"What?" Jo and I came over.
Jamie said, "That. That insignia we've been looking at from a distance? I can read it now. It's on all the stainless pipes?"
Jo said, "So what?"
"Look at it closely." Jamie had a look in her eyes like, she'd just seen some impressive tech of some kind.
We were up in an access area, looking at the overhead pipes from above, but close up for once. I looked. Jo said, "It says, 'Highland 316' on it."
"Yah." Jamie was thinking.
"Something special?"
"Nuclear power plants. Chemical processing plants with cryogenics. High-pressure and high-flow-rate corrosives processing. This is the kind of pipe you buy if money is no object. That one pipe section -- 12 meters? Maybe? Un-inspected, even, that costs at least $30k. Maybe $100k. I've never spec'd out this stuff because everyone knows, it's too effing pricey. This... This section? ...Fuck!" She shook her head at the scale of it all.
I looked around. All the pipes we were looking at, once we got closer, had that same stamp-imprint on them, from the small ones to the big ones.
So, you're telling me we have enough money right here to buy an island?"
Jamie was shaking her head. She knew what kind of money this place cost to build. I ran some numbers in my head really quick, and I came out with an impossible number.
"Jamie, if what you're saying is true, even in volume? That's impossible. It can't be. If you're right, and if it's all that kind at that price? You're talking, Area-B, from the pipes I've seen, cost over 5% of US GDP last year, just in pipes."
Jo said, "I did comp-sci, but I took a macroeconomics course once. You Can't Hide That. You can't use up that much GDP just building pipes."
I was nodding and thinking something, "Wait. Can I throw out ... What happens if you have Grohmann robots make more Grohmann robots? Then, you make them build a factory somewhere that makes steel pipes? The price of the pipes goes down."
Jamie was shaking her head, "It's not high-skill robots, it's Giant Robots. Plus, My-FUCKING-God! The raw materials! They'd need raw pure iron, molybdenum, chromium, nickel, manganese, all in huge... No, Mind-Bending quantities. Pure stuff, too. Nickel is pricey, and the others, too."
"Maybe Obama's RAD device can separate out elements from each other or something."
Jo said it all: "Obviously, they can do a lot of things they're not telling the public about."
After looking around some more, we climbed down, and just wandered around trying to figure out where things were routed.
The dinner-ho bell sounded, so we headed back to the hab, our clothes crusted with filth. The sweats had lots of grease and dirt on them. We got some looks as we were walking back, from everyone we passed. After the first couple of questions, I finally just decided to say, 'Engineers. Looking at pipes. Touching nothing, just looking."
In front of our hab, we ran into Dawn, a city council member, sitting against the wall near our hab, reading a novel. She got up as we approached.
"Hey!" I said, "What's up?"
She held out her hand to us all, "Dawn Hinkall, city council." We shook and introduced ourselves, but she was there to talk with me. "We... the city council -- would like to take ownership of the transcript you made, as, like an official document. But, it's yours, mostly -- Kim said it's her notebook -- but really it's yours?"
I nodded, "Perfectly fine with me. It should be your guys' anyway. Silly for me to own the history, we're all living in it."
Dawn sighed a big sigh of relief, "Whew! Thank you. I thought this might be hard."
We chatted about where we'd just been, and she left. We all decided to get showers, so we went together to the shower room.
Jo's landing strip again caught my eye as we put our towels and crocs in cubbies. Her cleft was readily apparent under the thin dirty-blonde tuft, and I wondered what it would feel like to touch it. She looked back from stuffing her final croc, and saw I was stopped, looking down, my entire focus on her crotch.
I noticed she had stopped moving; Jamie came up behind me, put her hands on both of my shoulders from behind, and said, "Kev, the rules say, don't stare."
I realized I was doing this and looked up at Jo's beautiful face, which had a streak of black grease by her hairline. Her eyes were watching mine, just noting that I was watching her. She made no movement to cover up. She said, "Okay, now. Done? Let's shower. I'm hungry."
As she walked away from me and I watched her beautiful ass undulate with each step, dimples of venus above it on her hips... I said, quietly to myself, "I'm hungry, too." Obviously, I was not talking about cafeteria food.
Jamie, who was apparently close enough to hear that, said, "You'll get your chance, Kev. You'll get your chance."
I turned to Jamie, a little embarrassed, and said, "Jaym, I'm ... only human. And," motioning to her body beside me and Jo's up ahead, "My hindbrain is on overdrive right now."
She laughed, and I chuckled, too, before starting my wash-up. Along the way, I looked over at Jamie, and noticed she had a can of shaving cream and a razor, and was shaving her legs. It occurred to me that activity would probably have to go away since we couldn't exactly put new shaving cream into pressurized cans down here.
Still, watching her was kind of fun. She was bent over, her legs spread past shoulder wide, aimed sideways to me, leaned over gracefully pulling a razor up her shins, in quick, deliberate strokes, then moving to her thighs, and finally dabbing a bunch around her pubic area and then inner thighs, bringing the razor around in practiced movements. I had never seen anyone do that before, so it was really interesting to watch.
Looking over, I saw Jo was watching me watching Jamie, and smiling broadly. She pointed at Jamie, gave a thumbs up and a full 'yes' nod, as if to say this was a good thing, then pointed at herself, an open hand upwards "don't have that" sign, pointed at her crotch (which had been trimmed but wasn't distinct now) and made a 'whatcha-gonna-do?' hand gesture. She was smiling broadly.
I gestured, palms open, to her, eyebrows up, as if to say, 'take you for example', and then made two-hands okay-signs while nodding, You are Impressive and beautiful. As I was doing this, I realized there's quite a bit of sign language that has nothing to do with American Sign Language.
Turning back to Jamie, she'd moved a little, and was bent over again, this time turned away from me, with her legs far apart. Her sex was plainly visible, bits of shaving cream still on her legs, crotch, and butt. I pursed my lips and wilted a little. Jamie wasn't drop dead gorgeous or anything compared to some of the other girls there, but she had a graceful set of muscles also moved like there was significant power behind them.
In the mean-time, I had a great beaver shot.
After a couple of minutes, she finished up, and Jo did, too, and I had to hurry up to finish, I'd been spending all my time staring.
I came over to where they were drying off, and heard them laughing about something, but they wouldn't say what. Neither made any attempt to cover themselves.
My cock was thicker than normal but not erect or anything. Despite this, my heart ached with a strong desire to touch them.
Suddenly, it occurred to me that I might be able to. I said, "Jamie?"
"Yeah?"
"Uh, can I ... Uh, can I, like, touch you?"
Jamie looked at Jo, who burst out laughing. Jamie laughed, too, and then looked back at me with look that was both condescending and confused. "You want to touch me?"
"Yeah. Can I touch you?"
"Uh, I guess....?"
I took the 2 steps to be next to her, and reached out and moved a hair out from her face. I desperately wanted to touch her boobs, first, but I figured I could get away with more if I started with the hair-in-the-face bit. She looked at me like she knew what was going to happen, but didn't need to stop it. I moved my hand down, and touched her shoulder, rubbing the back of a couple of fingers down from her shoulder inside towards her breast, medium sized, B-cup maybe, small areolas around a large nipple. As I moved my hand, I watched her areola grow goosebumps.
She turned a little towards me, and I ran my hand, open now, around her boob, then underneath to cup it from the front with my fingertips. My thumb came over, and just grazed her nipple.
"oooooOOOWWaaaaAAA!" she said, overstimulated, jumping back.
"I didn't realize it would be that sensitive. Sorry."
"Uh, okay. That's enough for now. There's no one else here at the moment, but it's a little public."
"Okay. Thanks." Looked in her eyes, and said again, "Thank you. You're beautiful."
She turned her head in an almost bashful way, but also was a bit suspicious at the same time.
I looked over at Jo, who was just watching this. I didn't say anything. Jo kept drying herself, and then wrapped up and stepped back, ready to go. The moment was gone.
Leaving the shower area, I realized it was almost an hour, and then, sure enough, the pa-dinner bell sounded. It didn't really mean anything, though, since we didn't have hot food, but I figured it might mean something later when we did.
At least, I hoped that eventually we'd have hot food.
Shyness Disallowed
Dressed in different, clean sweats, we got to the cafeteria to find it pretty full of people, surprisingly full. There was almost a line to get in, and when we did get in, it was jammed, especially up front. As we entered, some girls were walking out, crying in sobs, one consoling the other. That had happened all day, but there were a lot of people doing it here at the same time.
It dawned on me there was a line, slowly moving, going up the left side of the stage, across in the back of the stage area wall, and then leaving again down the right hand stage stairs.
Some of the people in the front were openly crying, too.
Jamie, Jo, and I made our way through the people to our table. Getting there, the other girls in the hab stood up, looked at me, and started clapping, a slow, deliberate, one-per-second clap, in unison. Kim, Amber, Dana, Heather, Lisa, all of them were clapping, smiling with tears in their eyes, looking right at me. I thought it might be someone behind me, but no, it was me.
As they were clapping, others around them turned around, too, and started clapping along.
Kim came around the table towards me, slowly, and gave me a hug, quickly, maybe 3 seconds. By now, the whole cafeteria was clapping -- slow, rhythmic, in-unison clapping, and all were turned around to face me. Kim broke the hug, turned me by the shoulders towards the front, and took my hand to lead me up there. The crowd parted in front of us as we walked. She said, loud enough over the clapping, "The mayor just gave a nice speech. She posted your transcripts -- they're on the wall! People are coming now, from all over the facility! They want to see them! They want to thank you!"
We got up to the stage, and came up to the center, where the mayor was waiting. Kim let go of my hand and stepped backwards, and I went up to stand next to the mayor.
She held up her hands for quiet, and the clapping died down. In the silence, she shouted so everyone, even in the back, could hear, "Kevin Kooper." She turned towards me and started clapping.
Again, the cafeteria was filled with applause, free form this time.
She held up her hands again for a minute, and when it died down, she spoke, ostensibly to me, but so the audience could clearly hear, "Kevin, I just said this a couple of minutes ago, but I'll repeat it. So, you can transcribe it later!" She laughed, and got a small laugh from the audience.
"There was a huge, vastly expensive, massive, utterly secret government operation to get us here. We were put here with precious few things that matter except our human lives. In the next 150 years, our children's children, and all those who come after, will inherit things that we give them, and hold on to the precious things we can preserve from our life outside."
"But, our life inside here started with something. It started with words. We don't like having to be here, but we can see, those words are important. They are vital to why we are here. They are our Founding Documents." Her words echoed through the chamber. Everyone was quiet.
"We will have a government. We will write down laws and a constitution. Those will be some other founding documents. But, the first documents, the very, very first documents we have, are Those Ones Right There."
She gestured to the back-of-the-stage wall where the papers were taped up. "Those are founding documents. They are the words of Presidents, spoken to us. And we have them, on paper. They are preserved in a way that no one could have thought possible. They were written down, By YOU."
She paused only a second, for effect. She was a good speaker. "We are all brought low, brought deeply depressingly crushingly low by being here at all. Finding a way through that pain, that's a very big thing. We have a long way to go on that. But, the words you put on paper, that was a good thing."
"Those words are a place to start healing. We know the why of this place, we heard it. We saw it spoken on the TVs. But, the people after us -- they can't hear it. They can't see it. We would have had to try to describe it to them. And, we'd get it wrong. That is, until you did this beautiful thing. Now they can read it. They can see it, not as a story, but as history. It's new, but it's history."
Another pause.
"So, Kevin. On behalf of some grateful people, we say thank you. [turning to audience] I'm not saying that we're grateful to be here. We're not happy to be trapped and imprisoned. [to me] We are grateful, though, that you gave us this, so, thank you. Thank you."
The applause returned. I realized she was thanking me, but there was also some element of campaigning that was happening with this thing. She was running to not be interim mayor but the first full mayor. But, then again, I was being a bit cynical. Still, it was nice to bask in the glow a little.
I stepped forward, and realized I had to say something. I held up my arms.
The silence hit me and I almost panicked. But, I'd done Toastmasters and speech class, so I fell back on the old line, 'say what you know, speak from the heart'. My heart was full.
I got ready to throw my voice a little, the kind of crowd-address volume like from my lecture halls where I'd taught undergrads and they didn't have the PA on.
"Thank you, very much, for your applause. I'm glad I could help. One thing I've gotta say about this. We're all in such horrible, desperate pain right now. One of the big things that's getting me through this pain is the hugs and caring of my habmates. Don't close yourself off. Make sure everyone around you gets lots of hugs, listening heart, open mind hugs."
People were just listening, they weren't getting it.
"This is a vast, cold, dead mountain. It has the strength of solid granite, but we have the strength of being solid with each other, warm with each other, in body and spirit. We've got to be open! Far, far more open, with ourselves, and with others, to get the pain out. I would hug each of you if I could. Thanks again."
I turned to go, and then thought better of it. They weren't hugging yet. I stepped back up and held up my arms. The applause quieted down.
"Right now. Everybody. Stand up. [I waited a moment, almost no one was sitting anyway, but I wanted to make sure.] Everybody, stand up, and start hugging. Hug everyone. Keep hugging, and touching, and holding them. An arm over a shoulder is good, too, just be there with people. Touch is good. Don't be afraid of it. We're Americans, we're pretty standoffish sometimes."
This was true. I'd been to lots of other countries on geology hikes.
"But, We, here, we're our own place now. We decide. And, I say, we need touch. We're primates, it's a built-in deep need. So, now, forevermore, when you're gathered together and talking - hug, hold. Talk. Care. Love. LOVE. Lie in a pile and hang out. Lie around and on top and beside each other. It doesn't matter where you are, hug. Everyone here, everyone deserves to be cared about. So. Love. And Listen, and, right now, HUG!"
I motioned to them, lifting open palms, encouraging them with a 'go on, go on' motion.
Now, I should mention, I meant everything I said. At the same time, it was also a gamble to avoid a huge hassle. If I had just said, thanks, I'd have been getting clapping and then endless effing questions from everyone until the end of time about how did I do it. This way, I made it about hugs and caring and healing, and hopefully they'd forget to ask me about how I managed to remember everything.
Plus, if they were hugging, I could eat dinner. I was really hungry.
This was a totally flawed supposition.
Don't get me wrong -- the suggestion to hug everyone took off like gangbusters, and the place erupted with lots of people touching and holding each other. But, that didn't really let me leave. The first people to come towards me were the mayor, then Kim, then the people on stage. Some kissed me. Some kissed me on the lips. Some really hot, smokin' hot girls, walked right up to me, hugged me, pulled their heads back, and kissed me smack on the lips.
At first, Kim was horrified. Then, she started laughing. After the 20th person, I had barely gotten to the stairs, and I turned around and said, "Hold on. I love you, too. But, I'm hungry. I haven't eaten, I need some food. Please, let me sit down with my habmates?"
Three different girls immediately turned and at a near run went over towards the food containers. Kim got me through the crowd to my table. I sat, and sure enough 3 plates of food came my way, complete with a Coke, a Pepsi, and an iced cappuccino. As if I could drink that much caffeine at night.
My habmates all said, 'good speech', and various things, and Kim described the Mayor's previous speech as a much shorter version of what she'd said. I suggested she might be campaigning for non-interim mayor, and Kim laughed and said, "Of Course! What kind of politician doesn't like giving grandiose speeches?!?! Hell, if I was mayor, I'd have gone up there and made you sound better than Jesus. I would make it better though, because I'm taller and prettier."
We laughed. I didn't doubt that part, but I couldn't say so without being unequal in comparisons of beauty, and that was a fraught path it occurred to me to avoid.
Heather said that reminded her of her great-aunt's eulogy. The lady had done horrid things that everyone knew about, but no one could mention that stuff at the funeral. So, they all said, well, we may or may not have been 'best friends', but she was big in the community, and she gave a lot of money to the Presbyterian Church. So, she had that going for her.
We were laughing, some, subdued, we'd known people like that.
She said, no one had sat near the lady in church because she'd managed to insult them all, soundly, randomly, every time she interacted with someone, without fail. So, it was a false-sadness funeral, but the cake afterward balanced it out.
More people were coming in constantly, matched by people leaving. The leaving people, though, filed by our table, and soon some other tables moved out of the way so the line could go right by me. Even as I ate, they filed past, and they touched me. Every person, as they walked by me, reached out and touched my shoulder. It wasn't painful, it was actually kind of nice. Even though I was eating, or talking, or listening. They reached out, and they touched me. Some were walking hand-in-hand, guys and two girls, some pairs of girls, sometimes three with arms all over shoulders.
Eventually, I stood up, and hugged them as they went by. That lasted about 5 minutes, until I said, "Kim. Get me out of here."
Kim made a head motion to the table, and they stood and formed an island around me, and we walked out.
Hug-Hab-Home, Hab-Hug-Home
Getting back to the hab, we filed into the midhab and sat for a while, not saying anything. I leaned my head back, closed my eyes, and just let the experience wash over me.
Lisa started talking with Heather about this one girl they'd met that afternoon on a walk, about how they'd gone to nearby high schools and actually knew someone in common, a girl from the other girl's school who did gymnastics and went to state meet, who Lisa had competed against once. I didn't even know Lisa had been a gymnast.
Dana was sitting on my left, and Kim, on my right. Dana scooted down and leaned her head over down on the outside of my shoulder. In order to not be pushed over, I had to resist this a little, but then I gave up and was pushed over into Kim, leaning on her and putting my head on her shoulder. Kim adjusted herself to get comfy, told me to lean up, and had me lean back with her arm over my shoulder and the back of my head on her chest. I wasn't quite comfortable, but my head was on a boob, so it was automatically okay.
As we settled in, Kim said, obviously bemusedly, "You okay there? Comfy?"
Dana thought she was talking to her and said, "Actually, yeah, mostly. He's kind of boney, though, right in the ribs part." She banged her head backwards into almost my clavicle. "Should be softer right here."
I laughed and said, a mock 'ow' even though it didn't really hurt, and said, "Well, I don't have boobs to make it softer. In fact, I'm doing really pretty well, 'cuz it seems..." I banged my head back a little onto Kim's boob, "...that Kim has some excellent head-cushions going on."
Everyone laughed; Kim pulled my head backwards into her boob and said, 'Oh, Yes, Oh, Yes, that head, oh, yes!" in mock-porno-girl style. We all laughed again.
I said, "While my head squishing against a boob is fabulous and, really, one of my life's continuing aspirations, it's the BACK of my head you're working on there. Mostly, I like the FRONT of my head squished by boobs. It's _much_ more pleasant that way."
Kim said, "Ho, ho, I'm sure you would. But, that is not for now. That is not my job tonight. My job is to be on the other side of the hab and try NOT to listen to what your side of the hab is doing. Later, maybe, these boobs might see some action, maybe, much later, maybe, whenever my day comes. But, not tonight. That's... that's Dana's job."
Dana said, "Oh, it's okay. If you want to squish his head now, that's fine with me. I don't need the back of his head. Much. I have some other things in mind."
"Oooooooooo" the group said in unison. I think I blushed. I don't know why, but I think I did. Obviously the mild celebratory mood of the cafeteria had come in with us to stay for a bit.
Jo got up and said, "Dana, I'll help here. Kim has the back. I'll get the front."
Dana craned her head backwards so she could see Jo standing there in front of me and Kim, then said, "Okay by me, Jo. Leave me some when you're done. Don't squish too hard." She was laughing, and relaxed, looking up backwards at us.
Jo was wearing a sweatshirt, as we all generally were because it was always so cool. She lifted up the bottom of it, and pulled it halfway up, leaving her bra in place, and leaned over so my face was in her cleavage. This put her head above mine, right next to Kim's, so she hugged Kim and shook her chest into my face.
Of course, I motorboated her, making a funny noise, and took my hands and pressed in on the side of her boobs so I could do it better. Jo had smallish boobs, though, so there wasn't as much available as, say, Dana or Amber.
I pulled my head back just a little and managed to get my mouth over to one side where her partially-lace bra let me see where her areola and nipple were. Taking a deep breath, I covered them with my mouth and exhaled slowly, heating them up, then sort-of bit down with my lips over my teeth, finding a nipple in the process.
Jo screamed and stepped back, giggling a bit, and pulled her shirt back down, then reaching up underneath and adjusting her bra again.
I said, laughing, "You give me the opportunity, I know where the sensitive bits are."
Still giggling, she said, appreciatively, "Yah, I ... can see that."
Kim said, "Dana, it's not 9 o'clock yet. But, I think we'd all better get ready for bed here. The schedule yesterday said we have animals to take care of tomorrow, so it'll be a big day."
Dana said, "Right on it." She sat up, and grabbed my hand, pulling me up, too. I stood, unsure what she was up to. She said, "Come on. Teeth. Bedtime...." She let go and we went, got toothbrushes, and headed to the bathroom. I used the toilet, then washed hands and brushed teeth. I also wet my hair and washed my face; it was sticking up from having so many people tousle it.
On the way back, some girls were walking towards us, and one broke away and walked up to me. She was wearing a t-shirt with no bra underneath, I could see her tits right through the fabric, bouncing a little. She came up to me and made the open-arms-hug? sign, so I hugged her. She really pressed up against me, pulling me at the lower back as well as over one shoulder, so her boobs were pressed up and flattened a bit. The feeling on my front was very nice -- warm and a bit emotional.
We broke the hug, and the other two girls she was with hugged me, too. After those, I said, "Now, I like hugs and all that, but you need to hold onto each other more. Don't let it be weird. It's not. We need this. Hug each other."
They looked at each other and shrugged, and they started hugging, and I took the opportunity to leave.
Dana said, "Saw you checking out her rack."
"Yep. Nice rack." I decided honesty would win here.
"True enough. No bra. Did you feel her boobs against your chest?"
"...Yes?"
"Good. There's a lot of boobs in this place. I hope you get your fill. I have some, too, you know."
"Oh, I know, Dana. You have Epic Boobage. Fabulous boobs. No question about that."
Wistfully, she said, "I wonder if it's the only thing that's noticeable about me, sometimes. I'm more than ...."
I interrupted, and pulled her to stop, "Stop," I looked her deep in the eyes, "You are beautiful, in many ways, Dana."
She nodded.
"I'm sure I'm going to see some of those ways in the coming... weeks, months, whatever. But, if we talk about the outside of you, it's not your boobs first. It's your eyes, then your face, then, of course, let's be honest, your boobs. And, you have really nice legs, too. So, you've got a lot..." I kissed her forehead, softly, "going on," and kissed again, "up here."
"Suck up."
"Yeah, but I'm not a Stupid suck-up. Mostly."
She broke the standstill and headed back to the hab, but not before another girl walked up, paused, and I could tell she wanted a hug. I opened my arms, and she hugged me. She was about to step away, and I said, "Hey, Dana needs hugs, too."
She smiled and half-chuckled, and hugged Dana. The girl, I didn't know her name then, was genuinely vulnerable. Her eyes were red and she'd obviously been crying. Dana held her, too, tightly, then said something in her ear. The girl nodded, half smiled, and walked on.
"What did you tell her?"
"I said, 'You are Loved, return that love to the world.' "
"That was nice of you."
"Completely the right thing to have her hug me, too. She needed that more than she needed to hug you."
"Could be." I couldn't read people as well as girls could, in general, so I usually just defaulted to agreeing on stuff like that.
Back inside, we walked into the front bedroom.
Kim was on her bed alone. Dana and I stopped, and I said, "Kim?"
"Yeah?" She looked up at me. I was struck by how beautiful she was, her darker, Hispanic features against the white bedsheets.
I sat down on the edge of her bed then said, "I have to say thank you, so much, for today. First, you lent me the notebook to write it all down, and you didn't interrupt me like sometimes people do, and ... and when I got into the cafeteria, you led me up there and told me what was happening. I needed that help, I really didn't know what was happening."
Kim got a compassionate smile on her face, and said, "Of course, Kev. Of course. You needed help, it's no problem."
"Well, thanks." I turned away, and then turned back and said, "I think we need a new tradition. But, you're hab leader."
"Okay, what is it?"
"Bedtime kisses."
She looked at me, a bit suspicious, "Kisses?"
"Yeah. Not just me, but others, too. We need to be ... more of a unit."
Kim looked sideways and down, imagining, and then said, "Okay, I guess, we can try it. If it seems stupid later, I reserve the right to say so."
I laughed, "That's fine, just an idea." I hadn't intended to do it right away, I'd just thought as an abstract, it'd be a good idea. But, Kim looked at me and was obviously expecting this to be right there, right then, thank you very much, let's see what you mean by this, that sort of thing. I did an internal shrug and clarified (always a good plan with kissing and ANY kind of uncertainty, as I'd discovered in my early teens), "Uh...Now?"
She nodded, and shifted over in the bed to be closer to the edge where I was.
I bent and sat on the side of her bed (the lower bed was near the floor), and then leaned in, to be near her face.
She put her book down and looked back at me expectantly, eyes open. I took a deeper breath, forcing myself to relax and smile a little. Plus, I wanted to make this thing not so much a perfunctory thing, but more of an open-soul moment of honest sentiment. "Good night, Kim." I leaned in slowly, bending down to make my lips meet hers, kissed, medium pressure but a chaste kiss, about 5 seconds, and then pulled away. She'd kissed me back, but I think she was surprised by this whole thing. Keeping my face up close, I moved over to her ear, and I whispered quietly into it. I said, "I only have the start right now, I hope it grows. I love you."
I pushed my head sideways into hers a second, and then pulled back, held eyes for a second, and then got up.
My getting up was interrupted by her grabbing me back and pulling me in tight, and holding me, almost in a happy-fierce way. I turned to hug her back again.
Kim said, into my ear, carefully, each word distinctly, trying to copy me. Her tone was kind of jovial, but appreciative at the same time, "Kevin, I ... only have the start right now and I hope it grows, I Love you, too." She kissed me, moving her hands to hold the sides of my head. Again, it lasted maybe 5 seconds, but that's a long time with a kiss I didn't expect to get back.
As she released me, we were both smiling. I got up. As I was about to go thru the door, she said, "Kevin?"
"Yeah?" I turned half around.
"Great tradition. We'll do this."
'Kay.'
No one was in the midhab. Back in our bedroom, only Dana was there. I figured everyone else went to do their bathroom thing.
I took off my shoes and lined them up, and put my sweats in my cabinet and put my socks in my hamper, then went and stood next to the side of the bed, bent over to peer under the top bunk at her. Dana was on the bottom bunk, waiting, watching me. I said, "Permission to enter the bed, ma'am?"
She laughed and said, "Get in here, silly."
Dana was on the right side closer to the wall. I crawled in and got under the covers. As I lifted them, I could see she had her shirt on but bare legs. Really, of course she had bare legs. But, it was nice to see them nonetheless.
I settled in beside her, and said, "The tradition of a kiss goodnight, I think, is ... good. I like it."
"It looked like you whispered something to her. I figured you didn't want me to hear."
"You saw that? Oh. Okay, yeah, I can tell you. I'm going to say it to you, too."
"Really? When?"
I thought about it. "I guess... Now is as good a time as any. I leaned up on one arm, looked her in the eye, and said, "First, I say, 'Good night, Dana' while looking you in the eye, so you know I mean it."
She nodded.
"Then, I bend over and kiss you, on the lips, for about 5 seconds." I did, making it a nice, tender kiss. Dana kissed me back, a bit, too.
I leaned up again, and said, "Then, I lean in, and whisper in your ear." I leaned in. I smelled her hair, it was the same basic smell as the soap, but it was nice at the same time. I got my mouth near her ear, and I said, "I only have the start right now, I hope it grows. I love you."
Pulling back, I looked her in the eye again, and said, "Now, you lean up and kiss me, and do the same thing."
Dana nodded, smiling a bit incredulously, and pulled me to her, eyes wide open looking into mine, and kissed my lips while smiling in an almost laugh and speaking through her closed mouth. She counted off the seconds. "One, two, three, four, five." As she broke the kiss, I could see she was not taking it tremendously seriously, but she was smiling madly. She leaned to put her head next to my ear, and said, "You're full of it, Mr. Kooper." I pulled my head away. I had hoped for a repeat. She laughed, and said, "Okay, okay, so it's nice. I like it. We'll see if it lasts. Traditions get invented and forgotten."
I nodded, and said, 'Fair enough."
"So, what do you want to do tonight?" Her question was technically innocuous, but implied a lot. This was exactly like a girlfriend that I'd had, asking an utterly innocuous question as if the answer didn't matter, but really, it was an Epic Test and I'd better effing pass it. Haphazard questions with a lot of silence around them Meant Something. They meant that I'd better be damn sure to answer carefully and look at the subtext. She was a piece of work, for sure, that girlfriend.
Mentally shoving away the emotional baggage of that memory, I tried to answer cogently. "Want? I'm ... Uh, I guess I had hoped ... " I stopped. I didn't want to presume too much. This was pretty fast. I got nervous. Suddenly, there was nothing correct I could say.
She let me ponder and panic. I could tell this was amusing to her.
I slowed down; diplomacy was in order. "I hope that whatever we decide to do together, it's nice."
She guffawed, "Bwaaaah! Bullshit!" She thought, and corrected. "Eloquent, but bullshit."
I decided to be honest, since she was seeing through the 'diplomacy'. "Actually, it's the truth, but ... You want more detail. Okay, ummm, I'll try to be as honest as I can here, but I don't want to offend you. Uh, yes, I guess I'd love to get lucky. But, I don't know what you have planned. If it's not that, I'm probably going to be pretty frustrated. This place is full, FULL, of hot, megahot, wow, beautiful women. You are most definitely included in that. No bullshit. You're ..." I looked in a circle around her, then back at her eyes, "... gorgeous. I'm ... I'm horny, and you're here, and I'm ... hopeful."
She nodded, "Closer. Very nice. Truthful. I can work with that." She regarded me with a skeptical eye, "I'm going to tell you what I want."
That was a relief, a huge one. "I hate guessing. That's just fine with me. PLEASE."
She nodded. "Okay. Snuggle in here..." She had me lean up against her. "They'll be back in a couple of minutes." She was talking about our habmates.
I moved in and positioned myself as requested. "I don't even know... You said your degree was ecology? Is that, like, the whole title?"
"It's actually 'Ecology and Wildlife Management' and it's easier to just tell people the first part."
I whistled quietly, appreciating it. "That's tough."
She seemed annoyed all of a sudden. "What are you talking about? Mr. 'I have 9 degrees' is making fun now. Thanks for nothing."
I was trying to interrupt, "NO no no no no. Not tough, like too hard for me, not me, no - it's tough, like, I mean, we're all in a CAVE."
She chuckled, "Oh? Yeah, okay then, I see. Uh, yeah, so, you're right. No wildlife. The ecological system I'm occupying is made up of, oh, Rock, with some people in it." She chuckled a bit at herself, and me too, then said, "but, you have it easy. You love rocks. This is all rocks."
My brain rejected that But Fast: "No! Not hardly! Like I said the first night... Oh -- not to you. Right, I was saying was, this cave is The Original Boring Place. It's all granite. That's what you get when you melt basalt underground in a plate-boundary subduction zone. It's Reeeeeeeely boring stuff. Sure, there's a couple of colors, depending on impurities. Got some quartz, some feldspar, and ... drum roll... Nothing else. Majorly boring stuff. No diversity, no folding layers, zippo."
Right then, the Last-Bell chimed. It was 9:30 pm.
A couple of minutes later, voices came in the hab, the girls returning from the bathroom. I heard something about hairy armpits and ingrown hairs as they trooped into the fronthab, but Kim interrupted, and I heard her say something about "tradition..." and I knew what she was up to.
After a minute or so, Jo and Lisa came into the backhab with us and pulled off their sweats, leaving t-shirts and underwear that peeked out as they changed. Obviously, I watched, I was on the right side and had a clear shot. Shutting her cabinet, Jo was about to climb up. I said, "Hold up, Jo, can you come here a minute? Lisa?"
Jo came around, first bending over, then crouching, and Lisa joined her. My hindbrain was repeating, 'boobs in white shirts. boobs in white shirts...'
I had to shake it off, so I looked at Jo in the eyes, it was still a little hard to do that, they were really beautiful, and I could do it easily only if I didn't think about it too much. I said, "I talked with Kim. I think we'd like to start a new tradition, maybe, if you agree? Good night kisses. It's not just me and all of you, it's everybody, hab unity, so to speak. But, if you don't like any part of it, that's fine, you can change it up, like, to suit you. I'll start, though. I already did it with Kim and Dana, here."
Jo shrugged, and came in and sat on the side of the bed, I motioned her closer, "Here."
I put my hand on the side of her head and pulled her a little, and we went through it, complete with me saying, "I only have the start right now, I hope it grows. I love you." When she kissed, and then said it back to me, I could tell she was really touched.
Lisa did it, too, getting the words right, too. I said, "Jo, you can say goodnight to Dana, if you want."
Jo smiled, crawled up to Dana casually, kissed her cheek quickly, and said, "Love you!" Dana kissed Jo's cheek, smiling, and said it the same way, and then Lisa echoed it. It was much faster when they did it. I was drawing it out.
Kim called from the other room, and Lisa and Jo went out there. I heard a bunch of fake-kissing, then, "mmmm-MA! Love Your Eyebrows, Kim!" They came back laughing. I wasn't sure if I was supposed to be embarrassed.
Girls were confusing to me, at least that hadn't changed.
Lisa shut the door and turned off the lights, then climbed the ladder. We heard covers rustling and some whispered conversation from above us.
Exploring Dana
Dana and I lay there, in the dark, not propped up but settled down flat, heads on pillows, face up. My arms were above the covers; it felt so formal.
The seconds ticked by. I didn't move. She didn't move.
I decided to move, so I turned over to face her. She was staring straight up, by the little light coming in from the louvers. I reached out and put my hand across her stomach, and moved my leg out a little to touch hers. The skin contact was wonderful, so I moved my leg up and down a little.
Dana lifted the covers, implying I should move my arm under them, then kind of turned her head to face me. We were so close. I looked at her eyes as she was looking at mine, for whole seconds, then she shut her eyes and moved her head towards mine, and we kissed, long and slow, rubbing lips, then opening and darting tongues. I moved my hand from her stomach to her far side, up her upper arm, and pulled her to me. As my inner forearm brushed up her body, I felt the brush of her nipple through her shirt, and she inhaled slightly.
Kissing for quite a while, we moved and started rubbing our arms against each other. Outside, I heard the mini-chime of 10 pm lights-out, and the light level dropped a bit, but the night lighting let just enough in to still see what we were doing.
My hands roamed around her body, down her back, along her arms, down her sides, even to her bare hip, but then up again, just rubbing and feeling her body. Her hands were doing a lot of the same to me, down my back, over my chest, my arms, and even (a couple of seconds after I'd touched her butt) touching my butt.
I felt her smile as she did it, like it was a joke, then her hands went down again and squeezed my butt a little, so I reciprocated, reaching down and squeezing hers, too, the soft skin delighting my fingers and the muscular butt impressing my hindbrain.
Moving up, she put her arm under my shirt to rub my bare back, and I did likewise, and then around, and touching her stomach, I almost got a ticklish snicker out of her. She stopped kissing and whispered, "not too light". Of course, that meant, rub more, too, so I let my fingers explore around, finally working their way up her front, cupping her boob, running my fingers over it, over her shoulder, then down again, then around, the whole point was to delight in her skin, and she was doing some of that to me, too.
She said, softly, "Take off your shirt."
I leaned up, and as I took off mine, she took off hers. Then, she hooked her fingers under the sides of her underwear, and tugged those off, too. I was mostly watching that, but she looked at me and, as directions, said quietly, "G'head". I took mine off, then, knowing she was wanting to be in the lead, and I was absolutely okay with that.
Motioning for me to lie down, she lay down to the side of my chest. One of her boobs was on my chest and the other was giving my bicep a treat. Kissing again, my arms traveled all over her, the long slow wet kisses filling my mind, the interplay of our tongues cavorting entirely a 'focus on the now' pleasure.
My cock was getting quite hard by this point, against her outer mid-thigh. My hips were involuntarily thrusting against her; I couldn't help it, she was so fabulous, and I was so horny. She lifted her body up a little, dangling her chest against mine, and moaned a bit, her nipples tickling their way across me.
Breaking the kiss, she said, "You need to come, you're gonna explode soon. Then, we can have some fun."
I had no objection.
She shifted down and away, turning sideways in the bed and kissing down my stomach. My cock was right there... and then, she touched it, she ran her finger along it, and then held it in her hand. She whispered, "Nice cock."
"Thank you". I heard giggling from the upper bunk - there was no background noise in the underground quiet, just utter silence, so our words traveled.
Moving her head over my cock, her breath hot on me, she took the head in her mouth, then stroked down and up, sucking on me, and pulling with her hand on the shaft, too. It was absolutely incredible. Her touch electrified me, rubbing a hand all around my chest and thighs, her mouth holding my cock, her head moving slowly up and down.
"Mmmm..." I couldn't help making a noise. Then, it struck me that I was being a bit illogical in being so restrained and silent. It was going to be obvious to the 'unintentional' observers on the top bunk no matter how quiet we tried to be, so being obsessed about noise was probably pretty stupid. I gave up on trying, and just let my moans describe what she was doing.
It didn't matter. The sucking... The sucking was everything! The bobbing, sucking, slipping, was incredibly delicious. My full attention focused on the tiniest movement and sensation. Her hand grasped the base of my cock, pulling in time with her head going up and down. Slurps echoed a little, sucking sounds that I'm sure were obvious in the room, but I didn't care, I really, really didn't care. I moaned, deeply, feeling the rising tightness, my legs locking stiffly, my breath coming in gasps, I was almost there...
Dana moaned a bit herself, really getting into it, and that extra bit of sound pushed me over the edge, I felt myself spasming, bursting into her mouth. My hand was on her upper back as a convenient resting spot; I pushed down with it, not really pushing her head but sort-of doing anything that my orgasm would let me do with force without jerking away from the beauteous Wow of Cum! Cum! Cum! As I spurted. She grabbed me tightly, her mouth clamped over my cock, sucking madly as I bucked and thrust my hips uncontrollably. Up, spasm, thrust, and I cried out, "Ahhhaaaaaaaaaa!! Ohhhhhh.... aaaaaaaaahhh!"
Dana wasn't moving much, just slightly, each tiny movement driving sensations through me that forced spasms and caused my back to arch again. The seconds passed, I relaxed, and she pulled off me, laying her head on my abdomen again and relaxing.
After a minute, she shifted around and tucked up beside me, her soft breasts pressing against my side. I idly reached over and felt one, half-heartedly, too relaxed to do much else but breathe and let the overshadowing cloud of relieved stress dissipate.
"Well, you really needed that, I can tell."
"Oh boy, did I!"
We breathed together a bit more.
I said, "Thank you. That was fabulous!"
She said, "You're not done yet. I had to turn off your hair trigger. Now, I have needs that you're going to be... filling."
Looking up at me, I could see her face in the faint light, and the slope of her boobs, and her hips, and legs. I shifted, moving my head to kiss her, and as I did, we shifted around entirely so she was laying flat, and I was the one on top, laying to the side of her slightly, my still-half-hard cock dangling by her side.
Our lips met, and her mouth and cheeks were wet and hot. We kissed, our tongues meeting and rubbing around each other in a random but fabulously sensual dance. Her mouth opened fully for me, my tongue going in her mouth, her tongue darting into mine. I tasted something funny, not toothpaste, more salty... It occurred to me after a few seconds that it was my come, I was tasting my own sperm. I hadn't done that before. It wasn't bad, just a little odd tasting. I had to decide if I objected, but after that orgasm, I was mostly so relaxed I didn't care much.
After a couple of minutes, I started moving my hands all over her body, rubbing this and that, coming up and holding her breasts, then across and up the undersides, around, avoiding the nipple because she reacted so sharply, as did Jo earlier, to stimulating that. Instead, I had learned, so I touched all around, and then up and touched the nipple, grazing it, and feeling her respond to that.
Repeating the maneuver, I got the same response, but I also felt her move her hips slightly beneath me. I pulled my hand down, a medium-touch rubbing her skin down her abdomen, down one leg, up, then down the other, repeating with fingers that went into the inner thighs but not meeting anything but a bit of pubic hair.
Dana moaned a little frustratedly and I moved my hand down the center of her cleft. Her legs spread wide for me, giving me access, wanting more contact. My touch was light, down the center, tracing down her damp lips, stopping, and then coming back up. On the upstrokes, to the top, then the down, I pressed in a little, and then pop, my middle finger went in just a bit, finding moisture there and getting wet. I pulled my finger up, just over the hard spot of her clit, then down again, this time pushing in as I went and finding my finger went into her with slick ease. She moaned under my mouth, mostly breathing with me.
Breaking the kiss, I brought my kisses down her chest, shifting as I went, my fingers still moving, but not as deliberately, and then I had to have that arm to shift. I came to her left breast, flattened a bit by being prone but standing proud of her ribcage significantly. Using my nose, I went around the outside, all the while moving my hand down below, up and down, slowly a little in, wet, and up ever so lightly over the nubbin of her clit.
I so wanted to taste her nipple, so started kissing, licking with my tongue and kissing again, all over, closer and closer to the nipple but not quite there, breathing hot on purpose. Opening my mouth wide, I slowly lowered my mouth over her areola area, the flat of my tongue pressing in as I pressed down with my head into the breast.
Rubbing my flat tongue sideways a little, then up and down a little, I licked and sucked my way to a smaller and tighter hold on it, sucking in and getting some amount of it to come into my mouth. This was amazing; her boobs were huge, and filled my entire field of attention.
Realizing my hand was stopped, I started again, but it was hard to do two things at once when each was so soul-encompassing.
Her nipple responded by perking up in the next minute or so, becoming this hard pencil-eraser that poked my tongue and made me just want to suck on it harder and harder. Dana squirmed and breathed hard, and finally said, "Not too much, too much, too much..."
I moved downwards, kissing down her chest, abdomen, feeling the soft, kissable skin under my lips, her trim figure with outsized breasts glinting slightly in the faint light. I turned, laying on one of her legs, my lips navigating the triangle-tuft of short pubic hair, kissing around her pussy but not getting there. My fingers found her, though, rubbing up and down, before going in, and out, in, and out, just slightly, then up to touch her clit, then down and in. I pushed my face down, licking sideways over her clit, flat-tongued, picking up the sweet taste of her juices. Her moan and clutching of my back told me I was doing it right.
Settling into a slow and steady pace, I pushed my fingers in, licked her clit, and pulled them out again, repeating it, gently but firmly dragging my flattened tongue over her now-rock-hard clit, sticking out a bit from its hiding place. My left hand pulled the whole area up, giving me good access. Dana was definitely getting into it, her hips started thrusting at me, her breath coming in ragged gasps, and moans were punctuated by, "Oh, oh my god, oh, Oh fuck, oh, yes, that's.. right there, Oh, yes..."
She wasn't even trying to whisper anymore. It was pretty fun, getting her to do that kind of contortion. She struggled, moving, grabbing the sheets, holding my upper arm, finally bursting into full orgasm, flopping into an arch, holding it, a low-pitched but loud gutteral moan filling the room. I held onto her as her legs tried to clamp shut on my head, but then they went wider apart again, even wider, then clamping in as another spasm wracked her body.
With her coming, I had my mouth clamped around her clit and was sucking it into my mouth, my tongue, hard ended, pressing in and pushing around, then backing off, then a light touch that got firmer and I sucked harder, then backing off. Her orgasm kept going, maybe for a full minute, which is a long time to keep coming. Finally, she tapped me on the head and said, "no, stop, please, I'm done, oh my god, done now..."
Letting go of her, and slowly pulling my fingers out, I relaxed against her, and just stayed there a minute, and let her rest. Her breathing returned to somewhat near normal.
She said, "Oh, wow. That's... Wow. Thank you, Oh my fucking God. Wow."
I nodded a bit and said, 'No problem. That was fun!" I had another plan, though.
We lay there for a couple of minutes, then I started planting little kisses over her abdomen again, and tracing with my hand again, taking another full minute to get close to her sex again. It had only been maybe 5 minutes or so since she finished coming, but was going to see if she could do a second orgasm in succession. Getting to her cleft, I let my fingers do the walking, slowly pulling apart, then pushing in, then coming up and coming near, but not over, her clit, then down and in, then up, finally brushing it.
"What ... What are you doing?" her question was genuine, she was confused.
Grinning, I said, "Girls are supposed to be multiple. I'm seeing if this model has that feature."
"Oh... Oh, wow, ... Uh, ... UHHHgg, uuuuooooh, yes, Uh, yes. I have that... I'm ... Oh..."
I kept on with the licking and steady hand movement, and soon she was grunting again.
Suddenly, she stopped me, and grabbed me by the shoulder, pulling me, "Stop. Now. Come, up here... I want you. I want you IN ME. I want you in me, Now... Now!"
She sat up, her firm stomach muscles tightening under my arm, and it was obvious she had different ideas than coming again.
I moved out of the way, and she sat up and felt for my cock, which was plenty hard since this whole activity was sexy as hell. She said, "Up. Here." She pulled me up, so I crawled up her body, wiping her juices off my lower face with my hand, then pausing to kiss her ample boobs on the way up. I gave two kisses each, pressing in kisses that buried my nose in them, but had to back off as I sat up on my knees between her legs, pulling her legs up and apart in a wide V in front of me.
"Your skin is so soft! I just want to lick you..."
"Put it. In me."
"That, I can do."
I widened my own kneeling posture, dropping my cock into place, and rubbed it against her cleft, up, down, up, down, getting plenty wet in the process from the juices I had licked out of her.
She grabbed her knees and pulled, and I pressed my cock in just a little, slowly, then up, then in again. She was really, really tight; I backed out and worked my way in farther. The tightness, I thought, might be dryness, but no, it was plenty wet, it was just really clamped down around me. I moved my way in, and out, and she started moaning louder. Dana, it turned out, was not a quiet one in bed.
I saw some movement off to my left, and turned my head to look. The small bits of light in the room outlined two heads, hanging down over the edge, watching us. I wasn't embarrassed; I was feeling so fantastic slipping in and out of her, I turned back, focusing on her face, her smiling almost-worried-desperate face, eyebrows up in concentration, moaning with each thrust.
I bent down, supporting myself less on my arms and shifting to arch my back to bring my face close to hers. I could see her eyes; they could see mine; we held that deep look into each other for a while as I thrust in, and in, and into her. Her body was matching my thrusts, pushing out, I felt her legs wrap around the back of mine and pull me in, her arms wrapped around my back and pulling me, holding me.
Closing my eyes, I felt my cock moving in and out of her, and then I bent down and kissed her open mouth, smothering her moans a bit, my tongue finding hers briefly before the needed breath pushed and pulled in and out of us got in the way of holding the kiss.
Building slowly my speed, then slowing down again, then speeding up, but always keeping a rhythm, she grunted and grunted, then as my tension built, too, I grunted also. I thought I felt her clench on me, then release, and then suddenly, she moaned out, orgasming again, a deep guttural voice from her chest, a wail that while not especially loud was heartfelt and primal. I thrust home, pressing in onto her, then pressing my body down and my cock into her.
As she came, the waves of it across her face, I also felt on my cock that her pussy was clenching on me, too, really strongly, clamping down on my cock as I moved, somewhat jerkily and even faster.
The combination of the ultra-tight grip, the sight of her boobs rocking around with our movements, and her moaning pushed me over the edge, too. I threw myself into her! Oh, yes, as deeply as I could, mostly in, but writhing myself, coming and grunting at the joy, the spurting I felt, the throbbing from my cock, the release of coming filling my brain, driving an electrified pulse through my whole body.
Dana, too, was coming, holding on to me tightly, pulling me into her, pulling so tight, holding me around the chest, crushing me to her. My face was in the pillow beside her head and I could barely breathe, but I knew I'd get a moment soon so I didn't panic and lifted my head, the chilly air a welcome breath... but, again, another wave of coming overtook me, and I shuddered and groaned uncontrollably again.
Even as it happened, I realized I was moaning loudly, from deep within me and the lowest register I had, to a full-exhale to delight in the release of sound that fit my feelings.
Gasping, writhing, she held me, tightly, and I didn't want to move, wanted to be deep in her and stay there, just stay there, as far in as I could pry myself to be in.
Still, I felt my cock spasm, less this time, the wave subsiding, but up to the top of my head it rang me, filling my inside with the outside sensations I was feeling.
We moved, slowly, jerkily, and I relaxed against her, spent, starting to relax, starting to let go of that tension, and feeling it all go, flying away, into the ceiling and away. I floated, drifted... a minute passed, maybe, my breath slowly returning to me.
I rolled over, off her, the "ugg!" gasp she said being echoed by my brain as I felt the absence of being in-her, the wrongness of suddenly missing being wrapped up in something and wanting that comfort back.
We lay, side by side, still breathing somewhat hard, for minutes, letting the relaxation release the tension of it all to floaty beaty. The cool air felt kind of nice on me, actually, but, then, it got chilly and I reached down and I sat up to pull up the covers over both of us, and lay back, flat. Dana snuggled up to my side, tucking under my arm and grabbing me around the chest, tightly.
"This... Is Good." I said. "This part, this is good. Sure, where we are, and why we're here, and every shitty fucking nasty unfair part of that, that's not good. But this, THIS, this right here, the feeling I'm having now, this closeness? This is good. You are amazing."
Dana was silent for a second, and said, "I... don't have... Yes. Amazing. Good, in the versus evil way. Good. But, still. We're ... here. Even with each other, we're here."
I nodded, and pulled her tighter to me.
I was fading. I said, "I'm kind of sleepy...". She didn't say anything. My vision came down, the weight behind my eyes took over, and I was asleep.
Visitors
In the middle of the night, I woke to hear crying, coming from the above bunk. Then, the ever-so-slight movement (the bunks were obscenely sturdy) of someone coming down the ladder. I was on the open right side, toward the door, on my side faced left, spooning Dana. The sheets and blanket lifted and I felt a small draft, then a warm presence behind me. I don't know how I knew, but I knew it was Lisa. She tried spooning me gently, without waking me, but then, she sobbed, and she put an arm over my chest and pulled me to her.
I disentangled from Dana and turned over, flat on my back, and Lisa lay across my shoulder, arms wrapped around me, a leg over my leg, her chest choking as she cried. Dana woke up, saw what was happening, made a comforting noise, and went back to sleep.
This went on for a while, and then, creaking, another person descended the ladder. It had to be Jo, of course. She was breathing hard, like she had been crying, and crawled in on the other side of Dana next to the wall. Under the covers, she scooted backwards towards Dana and grabbed Dana's arm to pull over her chest.
Jo's crying was mostly silent except for the breathing sounds. Dana, her arm around Jo, made soft cooing noises.
Jo whispered through sobs, "I was going to marry him. He just left." Her voice sounded lost, small, like a child's abandoned tone, but with a woman's timbre at the same time. "Now," she said, "now I'm ... here. No more Paris. No more beaches. No more Josh." She cried some more. Lisa's warmth and comfortable snuggle put me back to sleep again. We all slept.
Consolations
My eyes opened, suddenly, in the mid-dark, to find someone was straddling me. Dana, as my brain awoke, I found, was on top of my hips, laying on top of me, but moving up and down slowly.
My cock, morning wood and all, was in between us, right on the hard spot of her mons pubis. I felt her, suspended above me, then felt her wondrous breasts barely tracing circles on my chest, her nipples hard and noticeable on my bare skin. She whispered to me, "Careful. Move with me." She started rocking up and down more.
There was light coming from somewhere... Ah, it was off to the side, on the wall above the louvers. The light that had no lightswitch, we couldn't figure out how to turn it on. It was just glowing, giving the room an orange glow, bright enough to see things nicely. And, I was getting a great view.
Above me, Dana, her eyes closed in concentration, was obviously loving the feelings she was getting from riding atop me. I looked down, and saw her boobs dangling over me, so I reached up and cupped them gently, carefully, and with some degree of exploration. Kneading them softly, I loved the soft skin combined with the firm inside breast tissue.
Inside, there were striations, the texture of the interior of the breast, and yet the way it all moved was giving and pliable in my hands. I trapped the nipples between the base of my thumb and my first knuckle, like I'd seen girls do to themselves, and tried rolling the nipples that way.
Sharp inhale! Dana gasped in, and opened her eyes, taking in air and convulsing a little. Obviously, this was a good move on my part. Her eyes flared at me, and she opened her mouth widely in a huge O-smile, surprised at how good that felt.
Her eyebrows furrowed, though. She wanted something. She reached down between us, shifted around a little, and lifted her leg slightly, and guided my very hard dick into her. She was utterly wet, but still, really, really tight -- sometimes dry feels like tight, but there was no mistaking this, Very Wet, Very Tight, clamping and loosening. Wow!
Going up and down slowly, she worked herself down farther each time, getting finally to the base. I was all the way in. Her eyes flared, looking into mine, fully open, eyebrows up but not very much of a smile, more of a thin-lipped concerned expression.
Dana shut her eyes, slowly, almost letting them roll up into her head. I glanced over, off to my side, and saw Lisa was on her side faced towards us with her face mostly in the pillow. My face was scant inches from hers. I could barely see her, but I think I saw an eyelid move. I looked over at the other side of the bed, Jo was sleeping there, faced away from us.
Dana moved, quite deliberately, up and down. I felt her hand reach down between us, and her fingers touching herself, sometimes grazing the base of my cock as it went in. Her hand was twitching, and I could tell she was rubbing herself off. This was a kind of cool maneuver, that she could play with herself and still have a cock going in and out. Guys could only masturbate outside of the girl.
The rubbing she was doing was having an effect; her vaginal walls were tightening and loosening with her movements, and this felt absolutely amazing.
We moved against each other for a couple of minutes, mostly really it was her, but the delicious heat of her enveloping me, and her hand motion between us.
A thought occurred to me -- we were, eventually going to wake up Lisa and Jo. How we dealt with that would Determine things, and I wanted to make it go easier. So, turning to my side (Dana was pretty self-obsessed at that point), I whispered, "Lisa? Help?"... Nothing. Again, I whispered, a little louder, "Lisa?!? Help me?"
My hands were on my business, helping Dana's movement, holding on to her waist, feeling her butt, pressing down on her tailbone to push her down onto me farther. But, I was talking with another girl. This was kind of surreal. I had a goal in mind, though, and it was something I wanted to do but didn't have enough hands.
"Lisa? Help?"
Lisa's eyes opened. She had been awake, just pretending not to be, and finally decided she couldn't pretend anymore. She looked down, then up at Dana, then back at my face.
"Lisa, can you help? Can you rub Dana's nipple? I don't have enough hands, I have to hold her butt. Can you hold her boob?"
Lisa looked at me strangely, in a 'Why-are-you-asking' sort of way, but she moved her arm, tentatively upwards. She wasn't there yet; she was still deciding.
I said, "Yes, just there, grab her boob. She's going to come, and she needs some nipple stimulation. Just hold the breast, and roll the nipple. I can't. She needs it, it would help her... and me."
Lisa, still tentative, reached out, touching Dana's breast on the side, then cupped it like you cup the side of someone's face as you kiss them.
"Yes!" I could see what she was up to, and said, "Perfect. Do that. Keep doing that. It's damned sexy to watch, too. It's amazing."
Dana opened her eyes, and looked down to see Lisa was touching her boob, but she kept moving, up and down, up and down. Her left arm was moving faster now, rubbing across her clit.
I looked over at Jo, facing away from us. I said, 'Hey, Jo? Help? Jo! Help please? Please help us?"
Jo turned over, pretty aware of what was going on. She took in what was happening with Dana and I, and saw Lisa touching Dana's boob and rolling the nipple a bit, kneading.
"Jo? Can you help? Please?"
Jo looked at me, I could tell with some serious turn-on-sexuality hitting her.
I said, "Jo, can you hold her other boob, please? She's about to come, and I've got to hold her hips. Can you? Her boob?"
Jo nodded, kind of distractedly, moved to be on her back next to me, and reached up with her right hand and cupped Dana's left boob.
Dana's hand motions became very fast, and she got faster with her rhythm, sitting down hard on me, my cock going deep into her.
I arched my back a bit, feeling my cock go in and out, and in, slipping into her hot tight cunt, being pressed in on from all amazing sides, and then away, and back again.
Dana's breathing was hard and fast, her moans were now fully loud and guttural.
Jo's and Lisa's hands were working on Dana's boobs, rolling the nipples and squeezing the breasts, denting them with their fingers. Dana went past some tipping point then, and she came, writhing and shifting her body around and arching her back, moaning really loudly.
Her inner convulsions again put me over the edge, making my hips thrust home hard, pulling down with my hands on her hips, trying with all my might to press her onto my cock harder as I spurted and moaned, spurted and moaned, crying out with the beauty of it.
Dana, feeling this and exhausting her own orgasm, collapsed against me briefly, then picked herself up with a whimpering-gasp of Yes, arched her back, and then collapsed again.
This left Lisa and Jo's hands trapped there between us, but not badly. I felt them shifting slowly on my chest, trying to get their hands away.
Dana's breathing slowed down a bit as she relaxed, and her eyes opened up again, kind of rolling back in her head a little as she did. Looking around, she moved upwards again, which let Jo and Lisa really let go and get their hands back. Her smile was wide and relaxed as she shifted both arms to be over my shoulders, then collapsed again on my chest.
Lisa's hand, away from Dana's breast, went to be over Dana's back, where she rubbed her back in slow circles.
After a couple of minutes, Dana pushed herself up and leaned back, sitting up straight, astride me like a saddle. Her head just barely missed the upper bunk.
Looking at her in front of me, I said, "Egads. You're gorgeous, Dana. Wow."
Dana said, "Thank you, sir." She looked at my chest, at my face, then my chest again, then over at Jo, and Lisa. "And, thank you two, too. I haven't ever had that done before. It was a little weird. But, it felt great, which I think was the point?"
Jo nodded. It looked like she was embarrassed,
Dana looked over at Lisa, laying there. Looking myself, I could see Lisa's nipples pointing up clearly through her white t-shirt. I knew I would be seeing those in real life and up close soon, but I still wanted to see them now. I kept my mouth shut. That would be another time.
Dana said, "Lisa, that was pretty amazing, too. Wow. The list of things I didn't expect to happen on this trip just got bigger. And better, really. Of course, the place we're coming from is seriously in the shitter, so anything different is good, I guess. But, really, that was really sweet feeling. Thank you."
Lisa smiled at her, some pain still in her eyes from last night, the redness quite apparent.
I said, "Lisa... You're crying again?"
Lisa nodded. I looked at Dana and head-motioned away so I could turn to Lisa and pull her into a comfort embrace. She stayed away from my penis, still raising a bit of a bump in the sheet and blanket, but pulled me until her head was on my shoulder, and started crying.
I held her for a while. The Horserace-start / reveille sounded. Dana got up, and Jo. I just lay there and held Lisa for a while. She calmed down after a while, and we got up. Dana and Jo went to take showers; just as they were leaving Lisa and I got up. I wasn't embarrassed to be sitting there naked, for some reason.
Lisa sat on the edge of the bunk, too, for a moment. She said, "I haven't told people this. I was engaged to be married last year. We dated all though junior and senior year of high school, then off and on through college, but we got serious at the end, and he proposed. Of course, I said yes. Then, last year, a year after I graduated, we were settling on a date, and he comes home from work one day and says, I got transferred, I have to move to Osaka."
She took a breath, this was hard for her.
She continued, "So, we made plans to close up the apartment, we put stuff in boxes. He kept putting his stuff in different boxes, though, different from my boxes. He said, it'll be easier to unpack, and I know how to pack my stuff. But, it wasn't that. One day, when I came home from work, all of his boxes were gone. He was waiting for me on the couch, wearing a coat. He was saying goodbye. He couldn't say why, but he said he knew things would be 'better this way'. I didn't understand any way that could have been true. I was devastated."
Lisa was sobbing a bit though that last part. I had an arm over her shoulder. I was starting to get cold, but, really, when someone's pouring their heart out, the cold is irrelevant.
I said, "So, you ... unpacked?"
"Yeah." She looked lost, her eyes big. "I had these ... plans, these plans for us. These things that we were going to do, and places we could go, and that would be fun for us, and I'd thought it all out. I'd pictured... what babies would look like, if they'd have his eyes... My God."
She broke down crying again.
Finally, she straightened and said, "All those visions, those ideas? Gone. Useless. Not relevant. Like me."
Nodding, I said, "That must have hurt, like constantly."
"About 6 months. Then I found this internship, and it was cool, and it would pay off student loans, and I had a lot of student loans. Plus, it had this health club membership and I already was going but having trouble paying 'cuz I didn't make much. I'm a pharmacist, but I was lowest seniority so I was part-time and pulled all these odd hours filling in for people."
I got up, and held out a hand to help her stand. She let me pull her up, the fact that I was utterly naked seemed irrelevant to her, and, mostly, to me, too. I pulled her to me, despite this, enfolding her in my arms, and we stayed like that for a minute or two.
Eventually, the cold got to me. "I'm cold. Can we shower now?" She nodded and we went.
Showerhugs
Showers were a little more relaxed for me after that. My sexual tension had broken a little, and I had a happy-happy both the previous night and the morning, with even an unexpected twist of shared exploration.
Walking into the showers, I took my towel off before I got to the cubbies for the first time. I felt less exposed than before, maybe because the newness had worn off some, maybe because I'd just had sexy-time and was more relaxed with myself.
Regardless, the showers were half-full, with lots of people in them getting ready for the morning. We were supposed to have our animal areas opened up that day, and get dirty, according to the schedule on the video screen.
I didn't know what that meant for us, but given the level of surprises that had greeted us, I had to think there were some doozies ahead. Striding up to the cubby and putting in my towel, I passed a few people who turned to notice me.
Sometimes, being noticed by people is awesome. Sometimes, it's kind of surreal. This was definitely turning into the surreal. I was naked. Lots of people in the shower were turning around to look at me. My feeling had been, kind of confident, in the "I'm sexy, I just made it with a super-hot girl." That feeling melted a bit as a new reality of being 'known' returned from last night's 'ceremony'.
A girl, standing near me, said, "Hi, Kevin!"
Another girl, next to her, said it, too -- then she walked up, completely naked, and hugged me! Her boobs pressed into my chest, soft, supple, pert, beautiful -- like the body they were attached to. Her body was also wet. She'd just gotten done with her shower. Her face was a knockout, big deep eyes, a sort-of bowl haircut plastered to her head, dripping. I smelled her, I felt her. The hug was fast, but it left an impression, I didn't even get to hug back much.
Stepping slightly back, she said, "Thank you," and made way for another girl, behind her, to come up to me, too.
I got more hugs. And, more hugs. And, more, fully naked, fully pressing against me, hugs. The boobs, they pressed and moved, the skin, it stimulated and set me ablaze with wonderful tingly feelings. All that skin, touching mine. These girls were really, really hugging me, while they were naked, while I was naked.
After about 10 of these, I held up my hands, and realized, sort of looking down, I was getting a stiffie. I said, "Uh, wait a second. This is, like, my dream scenario, but, like, uh... I'd better stop you for a bit and let this thing go down."
Everyone laughed.
I stepped forward to a shower and turned it on, and people returned to doing what they were doing.
As people came in and left, people passing me all said, "Hey, Kev." Even the guys showering, with the convention of being mostly silent in bathrooms in general, gave me the upward-jerk head-nod. It's a friendly greeting, an acceptance, a way guys silently acknowledge each other.
I didn't quite know what to do with the acceptance, but it gave me a glint of happiness, amid all the gloom of my-God-I'm-imprisoned. At least, we were bonded, maybe, by shared doom?
It looked like I had some friends. Not being a pariah that destroys the class grading curve, not being the one who remembers every promise a girlfriend makes and then goes back on, not reciting the words of an argument past to win the argument of now, not being alone in my own world of Weird Kevin.
Jo had been showering near me, the energetic, bouncy personality I first saw still quite subdued, but I thought about it and decided it would be back, eventually. She moved under the water, and I realized I was staring a little.
Well, I had looked before, and we'd all look, and looking wasn't such a bad thing anymore.
Underneath the water, I realized that I was staring because I was starting to feel more relaxed.
Feeling relaxed? That felt... almost 'good'. There was still the giant overhanging Deep Pain Truth that we were locked in here for the rest of our lives. Cut off, alone, no rescue, family all thinking we were dead.
My mind wandered over all the people I'd never see again.
Coming out of a reverie, I realized I was still staring at Jo's breasts, the water dripping off the nipples, the way it cascaded off her arms as she moved them, and matted her muff hair and dripped there, too. She stopped moving, and I looked up to realize I was staring. I smiled a wan depressed smile, and faced another direction. It wasn't her. It was the weight on me.
Turning off the shower, I followed her to the cubbies, and passed Dana and Lisa coming into the showers, probably from the toilet areas. I nodded as we passed each other.
Getting over to the cubbies with just a few people standing around drying off, too, Jo asked me, "You were staring just now..."
"Yeah. Sorry." A girl near Jo looked between us, I could tell she thought that Jo and I were strangers, so I added, "You're wearing clothes when we're in the hab, so, it's hard to stare at all of you then, it has to be now."
Jo shook her head and rolled her eyes at my attempt at humor. "No, you didn't seem to be staring AT me so much as near..."
I had to be honest, it was coming out that way this morning, complete honesty.
I said, "No, it was at you. You were right. I was. You're beautiful, Jo... I looked at you, and I saw the water moving over you, and off you. It reminded me that I'll never see that in another setting. I'll never see you, or anyone, in a normal bathroom, or a bathtub, or a stream, a beach, or anywhere else. Just here. All those places are impossible places now, another planet. We're all here, we're static now. Frozen in amber."
She nodded, "You're getting what I had last night. It was really powerful, like there was this big weight pressing down." The girl next to her was rubbing herself with the towel, too, obviously listening to us. I was okay with that; she had a really nice body, strong Hispanic features, darker skin, and a red-and-gold butterfly tattoo on her hip that distracted me for a moment.
Coming back, I said, "I keep thinking I should feel guilty, like I've done something wrong. I can't find it though, I can't find the thing that I did that was wrong. There was something, though, a mistake, some kind of moral turpitude that condemned me."
I was dry, so I wrapped my towel and put on my crocs. Jo was still bent over forwards, her hair hanging down as she dried it with the towel. She had more than I did, I guessed it made sense to do it that way. My eyes were really on how her boobs dangled and jiggled a bit as she was bent over.
I said, "When you bend over like that, your boobs jiggle." It was purely an observation.
She laughed and said, "I know, Kevin. They do that."
"Yeah. It's nice to watch. I'm trying to think why. I like boobs, but, it's like, it's better if they're jiggling a little, it's more interesting. I think, maybe... Maybe it's that I can sort-of envision, from the movement, what they'd feel if I was touching them? It's like, the movement gives hints, something about their consistency, their ... viscosity, sort of."
She laughed even harder and stood up, sort of bending sideways, "Viscosity? Of Breasts?" She guffawed. The girl next to her laughed too, and shook her head in disbelief I would say that.
"No, really, it could be the thing. It's a vicarious squeeze, it's the way gravity works on them, it's better, it's more fun to watch somehow. Not a lot better, and not all jiggling, either. Just sometimes. Like, now."
The other girl turned to me and said, sort-of still laughing, "You are being incredibly honest. I'm just not sure if that's a good thing."
I laughed back at her, "I'm not sure either. Honesty has gotten me into plenty of trouble. But, I've had enough with lies for a while. I think I have a good heart, a kind heart. I think, when I say something, and I have Goodness in it, that should count for something. Even if I get into trouble for saying it wrong, it should count as okay just because I mean no harm."
Jo and the girl looked at each other for a moment, like they were both trying to figure out something. The girl said, looking back at me, "Honesty is great, but there are things that some people sincerely don't want to hear, and will hate you if you tell them... Especially if you're right."
Jo finished up wrapping her towel and said, "You're right, but he's not a normal guy. Our hab is going to have some adjusting to do. Adjusting him, certainly. Adjusting us, too, as well, but ... it'll work out, I think."
The other girl saw we were leaving, reached out a hand to shake with me and said, "Carol."
"Kevin. And that's Jo."
"Oh, I know. And, Jo. Good to meet you."
The three of us walked out together, but at the door, Carol turned to me and gave me a hug, which I kind of knew was coming. At the end, she said, "thank you," and started turning away.
I nodded, accepting it, but she suddenly changed direction back to me and kissed me on the lips, a very nice kiss, no tongue, passionate in expression but not sexual.
She pulled away, smiled a sad and weak-looking smile, and walked off. Jo and I started walking again.
I said, "I think it's possible that's going to happen a lot today."
"Yes. That's almost certain."
Jo walked with me back to the hab; we cut through next to some habs so we wouldn't be in the busy areas. This might be interesting, I thought.
I dressed in my only clean pair of jeans this time and the shit-kicker hiking boots I wore on the plane. Our cabinets had black t-shirts, too, and it seemed appropriate given we would apparently be encountering dirt or something. Soon, everyone was dressed and ready, so we trooped off to breakfast.
Odd Goings On
Getting near the cafeteria, we heard the noise before we got to the corridor. There was a line, stretching down the corridor, full of people. There were too many people, in fact, and people I hadn't seen before, so ones that weren't from our level.
Walking past them for a bit, I saw a gal I knew from my transport container, so I motioned for our group to stop. "Hey, Gina?"
She turned to me and said, "Kevin, good to see you!" She hugged me briefly, and pulled back, and kind of noticed it herself. "All of a sudden, everyone is really huggy around here. I've gotten more hugs today than, like, in forever."
"Yeah, I know, kind of a thing for our level, now. Hey, gotta introduce my habmates." I introduced everyone, and then Gina introduced her habmates standing next to her, including her 'arrow', a guy named Paul, who looked normal enough. Gina said, "Everybody's calling the guy who lives in a hab the arrow now. I guessed that it was from the symbols for men and women, with the circle, and the arrow or the cross."
It made sense. As she talked, Paul had been hugging each one of my habmates as well, then hugged me. I wasn't expecting that.
After we unhugged, Paul said, "Yeah. So, last night, news spread around that you guys on B3 had a copy of a transcript of the presidents' speeches. So, we booked it over here, but by then it was way too crowded, we couldn't get in. One of our next-door neighbors got in early, and she copied it out, page by page, verse by verse. We got to read it last night. It's epic, man! We heard some guy who transcribed it is like some weirdo autistic or something and remembers everything, so he just jotted it all down."
I nodded, smiling. I saw Kim start to say something, so I said, "Yep. I think he lives on this level, near us actually. Definitely a weirdo, but mostly a nice guy, I think. I hope." When he nodded, I added, "I'm guess everybody's weird in their own way. But, cool enough, though, you're going to see the original? You said you already read a copy your neighbor had."
"Yeah, I read through it. Gotta say, reading those words again? It, like, hit me, like, seriously, deep. I didn't sleep much. The habmates were crying, too, we all were shaken up."
I said, "Doesn't it make you mad, like, angry, to see the words again, though? Like, mad at having them written down?"
Gina said, "No, not at all!!! Well, I guess, I'm mad that we're here? And mad at the people who did it, but, seeing it on paper? That's amaaaaaa-zing! Sure, like, in there? Same as everybody, like, I was shocked and pissed when we watched them on TVs. But, this second time, I could, like, focus on the meaning and stuff, like what they were really saying, how worried they were. The world is really twisted sometimes."
One of her habmates asked me, "Gina said one of your travel-container mates lost their brother in Chicago?"
"Not quite, but close enough. I heard the story, too." I turned to Kim and said, "Let's eat, I'm hungry."
Gina said, "Great to see you again."
Paul said, "What was your name again?"
"Kevin." I switched to a low whisper and leaned in, "It's Kevin Kooper, actually. But, nobody else here needs to know that. Got it?"
His eyes opened a bit, "Oh." His eyes got wider. He said, "OH!"
I held my finger over my mouth like 'shush', and we walked away, up to the front of the line.
The mayor was there, right at the door. She came up and hugged me. I made the hug last, and whispered in her ear, "Protect me, Mayor. PLEASE." She pulled back just enough to look me in the eye, then I leaned in a second time and whispered, "You saw last night. No attention, please, just food. I'm hungry, I need breakfast."
The mayor pulled back from the hug and said, "Gotcha." Louder, she said, "Level 3 eats on level 2 today." She was talking to people coming in around us, not just us. "We agreed to trade later, our cafeteria is full now. Level 3 eats on Level 2. Our food containers are closed, we'd be picked clean..."
She kept going, and we turned around and headed away, back up the hallway. We passed Gina again. Gina said, "Hey, can we have more hugs?" She stepped in the way to make it non-optional. I hugged each of them, her habmates, and even Paul, again. We went on. I felt lucky; no one else recognized me.
On our way to level 2, we stopped at the hab. Lisa had brought a baseball cap that said, 'SF Giants Baseball' on it, which gave me a small bit of anonymity.
On the way up, the Breakfast-Ho bell sounded. We had to eat and then get back for the animal area opening, so we picked up the pace.
Second Copies
Walking into level 2's cafeteria, which looked exactly like Level 3's, we could see the place was much more crowded.
Along the back wall of the stage, just like on our level, there were sheets of notebook paper taped up in a row. People were up there, reading them, some openly crying on other people's shoulders.
Getting our food, we ran into people we knew (and people we didn't) coming up and patting shoulders or hugging us, briefly, maybe, sometimes more. It's one thing when it's lots of people and it seems like you're a target, but in this room, everyone seemed to be doing it to everyone. There was almost no one standing or sitting alone. The touchy-feely vibe had taken hold in a huge way, and everyone was really using it, it looked like, as a way to lean on each other, in a way quite literally.
Waiting for my microwave oatmeal, several people in line with me just put an arm over my shoulder and asked me my name. it wasn't normal to have arms over shoulders from people I didn't know, so I was a little weirded out by it, but it was nice, too.
A girl walked up, I'd seen her on our level, recognized me. She said, "You're Kevin Kooper....!" Putting down her plate, she gave me a full-front hug, tightly, caringly, heads touching. Pulling away a little, she looked at me and said, "Thank you. The documents, that's great. But, the hugs? That was inspired... It's, like, spiritual, I think. It's helping people... Like me, and, you know..."
She waved, indicating the people around her, "We have the strength of being solid with each other. I'm almost feeling like I'm not falling anymore, like, there's someone near me that's WITH me, you know? I'm not sure if I'll get through this, like, ever, like, get OVER this? But..." her eyes were teary, a little, as she talked, "...But, for, like, now, it's... better than it was. I guess I can't ask for more than that. So, I guess, thank you for your words, but, thank you for THIS, too."
A girl standing near her heard her say this, and said, "You're not sure you'll get through this? Come here. Come here." Her arms were open.
The first girl started dropping tears and went over to the other girl and into her hug. They started whispering to each other. I got my oatmeal and went back to the table.
Approaching the table, Dana faced away from me, I heard her as I walked up, "...and I thought I'd be freaked out, but, really, it was pretty nice! Sexy, helpful. Jo was..."
Pulling out a chair and sitting down interrupted this description. I said, "Oh, don't let me interrupt. What?"
Dana laughed and said, "I was just describing a bit of last night's activities. You know what happened, you were there. You're having oatmeal?"
I laughed, "Obviously. Okay, I'm fine with you talking about me, I just need to know at some point if it's not complimentary, so I can fix it."
Kim said, grinning widely, "Don't worry. We'll let you know that part."
I looked at Dana and said, "I liked this morning. I liked last night. Gotta say, it was really damn sexy with you and with Jo and Lisa helping, just being there, that was, wow."
Dana nodded. "Noted."
Jo said, "I... haven't touched many breasts before. Besides mine, that is. Yours are... softer than mine, lots bigger, too, but softer. They're fun."
Smiling and accepting the compliment, Dana said, "I like 'em. Can be a pain, but I like them."
Kim said, "Certainly bigger than mine, too."
I said, with flair and laughing a little with a silly voice, "Funbags'!"
They laughed at me.
I continued, "So, not to change the subject too much, but who's night is tonight? Where do I go?"
Kim said, "Dana, who's to the left of you, is that?"
Lisa interrupted, "Me. I am." She paused a second to chew, and said, "He's mine tonight."
"So, I go in order, in bed order? A to H?"
Kim nodded.
I said, "Okay. Just want to understand. And,... When is it done? Did we decide that? Like, is it, in the morning, in the evening, what time?"
Kim looked around to gauge agreement and suggested, "midmorning? After breakfast? Good for everyone?"
A girl came up to me and interrupted, then, touching my shoulder. She said, "Kevin?"
"Yes?"
"You... Uh... Can I have a hug? I have to say thank you, but..."
"Sure." I stood up, and gave her a hug. She hugged me back with really strong force, more than I was prepared for. Pulling back, with her hands on my shoulder and hip, she said, "You... helped. I was feeling so alone, and last night, I got... I connected, with my hab, my people, we... it really made a difference with us. We... We got two mattresses into the center room, and just rolled around on them with each other, like a big dogpile. I don't think I've ever felt as accepted before, in my life, accepted and, cared about, right? Like, I could care back, too. So, thank you. Small words. Big thing."
I hugged her back again, and said, "Keep hugging them. Family is where you make it."
She turned away and walked off, and when I sat down, I thought they'd have been talking about something else, but they had been listening to the exchange.
I said, "She isn't from our level, is she?"
Kim said, "I don't think so."
"How," I wondered, "did she get the hug thing? You think she was in the cafeteria when I gave my little, 'be nice' speech last night?"
"Oh, she didn't have to be," Heather said. "It's up on the wall, too."
"What?"
Heather explained, "After we left last night, I went back, and a bunch of people, who had been copying the speech from the wall to bring back to their cafeterias, had written enough notes about what you said, they got it pretty verbatim somehow. So, they posted the Mayor's speech, and your speech, next to the others."
This explained it!
"I gotta see this." I had mostly finished my oatmeal (I eat fast) and went up with Kim to the front to see what they had.
Taped to the wall were copies of what I'd written. At the top of each page was, "Kevin Kooper / B3D2 / Eisenhower / page 1 of 8" (etc. for the other pages). Next to each paragraph, at the far left of the line, was a paragraph number, and in tiny pencil marks were numbers next to each sentence.
Kim explained that she'd added the headings before she gave the council the papers, but the paragraph numbering wasn't her.
We moved through the line, just looking at the pages. All the words were right, and what I'd written. At the end, after Obama's speech, was another paper, the Mayor's speech, and then her second speech that I heard, and then my speech, all with dates and times. I re-read my speech; of course I knew what I said, but it was interesting to see how someone had written it down. They put periods and commas in different places than I would have, but what the heck, they got it right enough. I really had encouraged everyone to touch and hug a lot, so it wasn't any wonder people were doing that.
Finishing, we found the others had already cleaned our dishes and were ready, so we walked out. Along the way, walking out of the cafeteria, we kept getting stopped and hugged, all of us did.
These weren't just haphazard, pro-forma hugs, either. These were solid, wonderful hugs, hugs that said, 'I care about you', and there was a really deep sense of love in the room. Even if we all weren't on a first-name basis, we had some things in common, we were all stuck where we were, together.
Getting back to our own level, it was almost 9 am. There was a long line past the cafeteria in both directions; we weren't sure which direction the animal areas would be.
Suddenly, my ears popped, and all around us, people's voices murmured higher then stopped as we looked. The crowd to our right started moving, obviously into a hallway, so we all followed.
A hallway that had been blocked by a steel slab -- was now open!
Everyone walked through, splitting off as hallways branched out. Some sloped downwards a little, turning into a set of open doors.
More hallways!
Okay, hallways were sort-of called galleries, or long open spaces could be called galleries, the terminology varied over time and with groups of people - but it didn't matter.
Space! Access!
We went to the second door, it was less crowded. Inside was a long, wide, dirt-covered gallery, about 30 meters wide, maybe 10 meters high, and stretching way out into the far distance, it was hard to see that far.
On the left side were stairs going backwards to above us, to a balcony.
We walked inside and looked further, not to immediately walk back up the gentle, wide-treaded stairs, but just to look down the gallery infront of us.
Ahead was a vast length, super-well lit, hundreds of meters into the distance.
The floor was dirt, and depth marks on the walls showed the soil depth was 250 cm (2.5 meters), which certainly was quite a bit of dirt. Down the center and all around, the dirt was packed down and bulldozer or bobcat equipment tracks seemed to go everywhere. Overhead, attached to the ceiling well above was a complicated set of oversized, 2-meter diameter stainless-steel air ducts.
It wasn't a secret they were air ducts - they had air diffusers at 5 meter intervals, off into the distance.
Other pipes and ceiling-attached equipment abounded. Lighting, slowly-spinning fans, and some sprinkler heads were around it, filling up the ceiling with infrastructure useful for something.
Along the right side of the gallery, down the way and to the limit of vision from where we were, was a long row of 20-foot containers, two high and side by side, angled slightly towards us, stretching off into the distance, too, enough to be hard to count. In the front, directly parallel to the wall and aimed towards the door and us, was a 40-foot one.
Right on the end was written in giant Yellow Letters, "OPEN ME FIRST".
Lots of the rest of the containers had mesh-open sides and we could hear scurrying sounds, like things in cages in there.
Someone, just getting up to them and looking in, said, "RABBITS! Lots and Lots of rabbits!"
Discovering Uncuteness
The smell, it should be noted, was something significant. The dirt had a smell of its own, far more agreeable. It was wet at the top layer and a bit down into it, which made mud walking around. The real smell, and not a good one, came from the cages, where there were a huge number of rabbits.
An enterprising guy and a set of girls, probably all habmates, then opened the 'Open-Me-First' container. We walked over.
Inside, the lights clicked on, and we saw there was a full set of office furniture, with tons of books on the walls, and 3-ring binders with sets of numbers.
On the inside face of the now-open doors were laminated posters that read, at the top, "FIRST TASKS, DO IMMEDIATELY".
Kim, ever the innate leader, called out to people around her, "OKAY, We have Directions. I'll read them out."
People who were just walking in the dirt, turned toward us and came walking over, ready to start doing something.
Kim continued. I read the directions myself.
"FIRST, READ ALL THE DIRECTIONS ON THIS POSTER. THEN, DO THEM.
Step 1: Go past animal shipping containers to the first non-animal shipping container. Open. Extract water troughs, automatic feeders, fencing, railings, tools, and equipment. Repeat with following containers until you get first one containing sacks of food pellets and leave that container alone until called for in step 4.
Step 2: Set up Fencing, railing, and ladders for this gallery so people can come in and go out but rabbits can't. Follow the diagram on other door. Pace off distances. Separate 600 meters of gallery into 10 x 60 meter sections. Install tall ladders to allow travel interconnects with galleries parallel to this one.
Step 3: Once the gallery exit is completed and 2 further intermediate walls preventing rabbits from exiting this gallery are completed, open rabbit shipping containers. Pull out water drip lines from cages carefully as you go, you will need them later. Extract rabbit cages from animal shipping containers. Place all rabbit cages in farthest, 3rd enclosed area, away from gallery exit.
Step 4. Ensure that 10% of the (water troughs, feeders) are spread out in each 60-meter area. Fill water troughs in active-rabbit area. Buckets can be filled in Balcony area above gallery. Retrieve only enough sacks of food pellets (ensure each sack says, 'rabbit food pellets'!) from shipping container to fill feeders. Fill Feeders. Double check no rabbits can escape to hab areas!! Open rabbit cages.
Step 5. Assemble 3 rabbit hutches and put them in the active rabbit area. Rabbits must feel safe at night or they will burrow and you will not be able to control them.
Get ALL RABBITS OUT OF CONTAINERS ON DAY 1, IN ALL GALLERIES. Failure may mean mass death of rabbits.
May be done on day 2: Finish building fencing noted in step 2 for all 10 areas. Finish building hutches and place 3 hutches in each area
Step 6. Fold empty rabbit cages carefully (gently, they collapse) and put into a container for later use.
Step 7. Carry all equipment boxes labeled 'abattoir' (slaughterhouse) up to balcony. Unpack and install in logical locations (explained fully in OfficeHab binder 4033). Ensure disposer is set up correctly by requiring full, detailed inspection by at least 4 non-habmate persons. Once disposer is set up correctly and other equipment is completely installed and inspected, proceed to step 8.
Step 8. Grind up and flush carcasses from rabbits who have died in transit (and future rabbits who die without being actively slaughtered). Follow directions carefully. Do not skip ANY steps -- no plumbers are available (yet -- until you train yourselves).
Step 9. Extract seed bags from last container in row, marked 'SEEDS -- GERMINATION ONLY - DO NOT ALLOW CONSUMPTION'. Place 10 bags from this container into each of the 10 divided areas, 100 total bags. Preserve remainder of seeds. Scatter seeds on open dirt. Rake ground after sowing with hard tine rake. Do NOT scatter seeds in pen with active rabbits, seeds are too valuable. Grass and plants will show visible growth in 1 week and sufficient thickness to transfer rabbits into areas in 6 weeks.
Step 10. Every 2 weeks, shift rabbits from one section to the next by opening the door, leaving it open, and driving them through using simple yell-bang-things method, rabbits will run away into other area.
NOTES:
Rabbits, in each parallel gallery, should number about 5,000 at the start. Attempt to maintain population of 8,000. When rabbits multiply over 9,000, cull rabbits down to 7,000 again. Rabbit meat is vital to ensure proper protein in your diet. Directions on proper methods for humane slaughter, safe cleaning and prep, and meal preparation are in books in this OfficeHab. All residents should rotate through tasks to ensure skills development and transfer for safe and effective long-term farming and survival. Spend sufficient time reading officehab material to be familiar with all basic systems in this facility.
Sprinklers will provide "rain" to water in grass during nighttime hours. If rain process fails, consult manuals.
== ==
We were very, very busy all day long. We used over 50 people to get the rabbits going, and still there was a lot to do. I would have been able to go faster, but people kept coming over and hugging me. It got to be a thing -- do something, somebody calls out, "Achievement Hug!" and various people nearby congregate and give hugs.
By mid-afternoon, we'd achieved the required steps and were wrapping things up, mostly standing around. I had been looking through the binders in the officehab when I realized we'd struck pay dirt.
I went out to the crowd and called out, "HEY! I need help!"
Two girls nearby immediately ran over. I said, "I need the Mayor, like, reasonably immediately, if she's not doing something else urgent. I have something pretty important to tell her. I found out something."
They both nodded, yelled to two habmates, and they ran out the door at a fast clip, splitting up to find her.
About 5 minutes later, Mayor Sophia came in, accompanied by 2 council members, Tricia (a tall, outgoing Native American-looking gal) and Dahena (a charismatic Maori-heritage girl with a very small tattoo right under the curve of her chin). All 3 ran in like they'd been running forever; I knew an efficient gait from my time on cross-country, and respected that.
Sophia asked, "What's up? The others said it was really urgent."
"I found something pretty useful. Pardon me if you've seen this already. The manuals in this officehab? They're about the facility."
"Yeah, someone mentioned they had diagrams in there about the gallery and the pipes."
"NO. These manuals cover most of this part of the facility only. But, what I can see - this place is.... Really, Really, Really, Really big. We haven't seen but a small part of it yet."
She looked at me strangely. "These galleries aren't it?"
I shook my head, "Nope, not in the least. The ag wing, as it describes, is huge. That's opening next week, right? Look at the size of it." I showed her the diagram. "These animal galleries stretch, here, almost a kilometer this way. But, the ag wings, over here, go out and around them. They go 12 kilometers that way, and another 4 kilometers that way. There are apparently more sets of sections with habs. These pipes are sized to obscene proportions, with high max flow rates."
"You're saying this place is really big. We knew that."
"I'm saying this place is sized, just in what I can see, to handle at least 10x our current population, and that's just what I can see, in this part of the diagrams. Some of these sizes and layouts? It's looking like It might be sized to handle 100x. It even looks like there are more whole areas, and more levels both above level 1 and below level 8, but they have their own sets of systems, that can be interconnected in case of various failures."
"Ten times our population? 100 Times? That's a million people... Are you sure about this?"
"Ten-x is definite. Look at the anticipated yields for rabbit galleries 1 to 22. Then, we have this long hallway that I presume people are going down..."
"Yes, we sent groups out and they reported back. We're covering all the open areas, but we're stretched thin, you have far more people here than you should, we have some galleries with only 2 people in them, trying to do the same thing your big team did. They're not nearly done, and that's just rabbits. There's chickens, geese, pigs, goats, sheep, and even something called, cappy bears."
"Capybaras?"
"Yeah. I haven't been there. It's a swamp they put them in, that goes down to a lake. There are fish in the lake, too, it's really big, and apparently pretty deep, though we haven't checked if the level below us has a lake, too, there may only be one lake every other level. What you're saying is fitting in. Trouble is, there's way too much work to do. Why do you have all these people in here?"
I laughed, "I have no idea. People just came in. Nobody told them to be here, I think. Maybe they came because I was here or something silly like that."
Sophia took me seriously for a minute. "That actually may be right. We've gotta get people moving to the next gallery, though. They're playing with the rabbits, and other rabbits are still trapped in their containers. If we don't get them out..."
I nodded, "Yep, understood."
Sophia turned around, called everyone over, described the situation, and asked people to move as a set of teams through the other rabbit runs and do a not-great-but-fast job on them and move on quickly, we were in danger of letting some of our livestock die if we didn't get them all set up quickly.
Everyone took off, moving quickly, and left Mayor Sophia, the 2 council members, and Jamie, who had stayed with me. Dahena asked me some question about how much could I remember and all that, and did I really have degrees in 22 subjects. I laughed and said, no, and corrected her.
Sophia interrupted this and said, "Dahena, Tricia, I have a proposal, we can put it to a vote on the city council later. Here's my idea. I'd like to make Kevin the City Engineer. That is, he'll be responsible for knowing all the stuff we need to know to function as a city, infrastructure-wise, and we can ask him questions when we need to."
The 2 girls nodded, but I interjected, "Uh, Wait. I'm just one guy. I'm going to need help."
Sophia looked at Jamie (who had said some technical things earlier in the conversation), "Are you an engineer?"
"Yes, actually - dual major, B.S. degrees in Mechanical and Civil Engineering, University of Iowa, last year."
"You want the job? Assistant City Engineer?"
"Uh... Sure! That sounds fun."
I said, "I'll need at least one more, and if we go 24-by-7 shifts, then 2 more. I'll want a civil engineer, probably, if we can find one."
Sophia said, "You'll have your 3rd and 4th people tomorrow morning. Let's meet in the cafeteria at 8, I'll announce it. We can decide about shifts later."
After they left, Jamie and I went over to the capybaras, ducks, and fishing area. The ducks had sturdy hutches like chicken coops, for eggs, lined up above the water. The lake was huge, stretching off into the distance. The fish had already been released, and since the whole area was covered in dirt, it was seriously muddy. There was a hose-spigot as a boot washing station next to the exit, but the size of the habitat was so large it took my breath away that there was that much space that had been carved out of solid rock, and then filled in by some automated means.
Dinner-Ho bells rang and we ignored them, keeping working until we had things set up enough to let the ducks loose. The capybaras (all nearly babies) were still penned, but their fences required lots of setup. Each gallery had a large wall at the exit you had to climb over to get out, and in the case of the pond (with the ducks), there was a giant double-cage we had to set up. Luckily, the ducklings were all yellow fluff-balls of epic cuteness and couldn't fly anywhere yet.
Around 8, we called it a day and went home to shower, to find people dragging themselves in looking as tired as we were.
Muscles We Could Feel
The constant workouts we were put through in the 6+ months before we left suddenly made HUGE sense. There's no way I could have done 20% of the work I did in a day had I not gone through all that physical strength and aerobics training.
The payoff was obviously having meat for dinner at some future date when we really would need it.
I stopped outside the hab, where I was headed to get changed and go to a shower.
This was wrong.
I was completely dirty.
I couldn't just go inside, right?
Instead, I turn around and walked to the showers wearing all my clothes, including my shit-kicker boots. They were covered in mud, too, so, yeah, why not.
The shower water washed most of the dirt off, but I helped out by stripping the shirt off, wringing it, setting it aside, and continuing with my jeans. I started out being the only one doing this, but someone walking in with dirty clothes saw me, laughed, and did the same thing
I got some strange looks, but also some eyebrow-raised nods, appreciating the advantage of clean clothes. I'd have to hang them dry, and who knows if they'd get dry by tomorrow, but at least they wouldn't be caked in mud.
Eventually I got naked and soaped up. After I did, while I still had soap on me, a couple of girls from the hab two "doors" down from ours came over to me.
"Hey!"
"Hello?" I was a little wary.
"Rumor has it you gave some naked hugs this morning...?"
I laughed, "yeah, I guess. I didn't have much choice in the matter."
They laughed at each other, and said, "Surprise! No choice now either!" With that, they walked up to me and started embracing me from both sides. The first one, a redhead with freckles across her face and chest, had a knockout set of C-cup boobs, tight and slightly upturned.
Replaying her look in my mind as she hugged me from the front, I saw her bright red and quite untrimmed pubic patch in my mind's eye, so the carpet matched the drapes, as if there was any doubt based on the freckles!
The second girl was a tall, thin, and broad-shouldered brunette with hair so curly even dripping wet it made spit curls. She came around behind me and put her head on my shoulder, her cheek touching mine. Of course, I was feeling all of her skin along my backside at the same time; her hands rubbed up and down my sides as best they could given the front-hug I was getting from the redhead.
The redhead, obviously grinning her ass off as she was doing this, said in a silly voice, "Oh, look, Mary! He's got soap on him. Time to get soapy!"
This was something of a surprise feeling, the wonderful skin contact, the warm bodies on mine. The brunette, behind me but really cheekside, was giggling up a storm, too, and, feeling her friend moving around, did the same thing to my back. I saw the brunette break off and pull away, but it was only to get soap, which she promptly returned with and started rubbing me all up and down.
This was service!
I had lost Jamie as we entered -- she went to the toilets -- but eventually she walked into the scene of them cavorting and rubbing themselves on me.
I smiled weakly at her. She burst out laughing and couldn't stop, bent over, and ended up red-faced, crying with laughter, on her knees on the floor.
In the mean-time, the rubbing onto me by these girls was top-rate sensual massage. I reached out my hands, and pulled the one to me a little, soap still on them.
I rubbed her back, up and down, then let my hands go down to her butt and massage the fabulously athletic ass, contracting randomly as she semi-danced. She kept rubbing herself up and down and all around over me - and it was a huge turn-on. Her friend, hugging me from the rear, reached around and pulled me to her, rubbing my chest and abdomen, spreading the soap there. Her hand went south a bit, cupping my package and making me definitely want more. I grew noticeably, and her hand kept bumping into the redhead's abdomen, too.
I reached up, from the side, and ran my hands down the breast, from across the armpit down, pulling up and caressing her, enjoying the process tremendously.
I thought of Jamie, behind me, and stopped this, and patted the redhead on the butt with a big smack. I said, quietly, maybe not heard over their laughing, "You are so damn sexy, it's amazing, and your friend, too. Wow."
The redhead took that as a cue to disengage, and she and the other girl trooped away back over to where they had been showering. It may also have been Jamie coming up behind me and patting me on the back. She said, 'that's some mojo you got working there, Kev. I gotta tell the hab about this one."
About that moment, some more people walked in, then more, from the other side. There I was, again, standing in the middle of the showers, Jamie's arm over my shoulder, and sporting a giant boner from all the rubbing. The redhead looked over at me, and then obviously tilted her head down to show she was looking at my boner, with a giant smile on her face, then flashed me a thumb's up sign before turning back to rinse herself off.
I wasn't so much embarrassed as turned on by the whole thing, but I remembered I had a night with Jo coming up, and it would all work out. That meant rinsing off, and getting done.
Jamie let me borrow her towel to dry off, and I put back on my underwear to walk back to the hab. I hung my dripping laundry over the top of the hab's outer container door to dry, running the risk it'd be stolen but I hadn't seen or heard of any thefts thus far.
Dinner At Home
Walking in, Kim sat up from her bed and said, "Kevin! There you are. We were wondering where you'd gone. We were doing rabbits until an hour ago, and we all just decided we were pooped and that was enough for a day, and hit the showers."
"Yeah. Jamie and I were at the duck and capybaras lake. It's freakin' huge."
"We have a lake?" Amber said from midhab, then came in around the corner.
I knew the answer to that. "Yep. Big one. If I read the diagrams right, we have several, separate ones, too, we haven't been all the way down that hallway, it's pretty long. There's a maze back there, with like a couple of city blocks between each turning."
Lisa appeared from around the corner, holding a pair of plates with food on them, which I greeted with a broad smile. I was really hungry. Behind her, the rest of my habmates came in view. She said, "Here you go. We made them so you could eat whenever you got in."
Jamie was still in a towel beside me, and I was carrying my dripping underwear (not going to risk that outside, too precious), so I was intrigued but also looking for a way past them to warmth. "Great," I said, "but, I'm cold, I need to get dressed first."
They let us through, and we changed quickly into sweats, and then gobbled the food. In between bites, I described the manuals I'd found, the conversation with the mayor, my new City Engineer position, and Jamie's assistantship, which generated some applause for both of us.
After dinner, I booked it out to the bathroom again to brush teeth and use the toilet, which I'd forgotten to do earlier, what with the distractions. While I was there, the 9:30 bell rang and the lights started their slow decline to nighttime lighting conditions, though it was only barely noticeable.
I passed the girls on the way to brush teeth on my way back, talking closely. They talked a lot while I wasn't there, I knew, but it made me wonder what they were talking about. It's not paranoia, it's just... curiosity. Some worry, but mostly curiosity.
Lisa, Lisa, Lisa!
I got into bed in an empty hab, turning out the lights in our room but leaving the door open so the light from midhab would give enough.
Really, I only intended to just close my eyes for a moment....
I awoke to find myself curled up behind Lisa, who was cool to the touch and just pushing herself back into me, so I knew I hadn't missed much. The lights were out, door shut, and I heard sheet rustling from topside so the room was newly full and I hadn't slept all that long.
Besides, the light coming in from the louvers was very dim, so it was after 10 and they'd been in the bathroom a long time? I was coming awake and trying to figure it out.
Lisa was naked. Feeling that made it harder to concentrate.
Granted, I'd come to bed naked, too, figuring I'd save myself time since, well, that's where things were going. I stretched out my arms, and pulled them around her, tightly to me. Her soft skin and muscular butt was pressed against my crotch, though my penis hadn't realized what was happening yet. Moving my left hand down her chest, curving it over her breast and cupping it, I pressed in with my fingers, kneading the beautiful orb. My face was against the back of her head. I said, calmly, "Hey."
She said, "Hey back."
"You're incredibly sexy, you know that? I mean, all of you are, but, I don't know if I've told you yet. You're ... amazing." I squeezed her breast, then pulled it a little and let my fingers graze her areola, then her nipple, before coming back down. "And, these are great, too. Your eyes shine, sometimes, and I'm confused about how I'm in a universe where I'm... near you. It seems like luck, but the whole bad-luck good-luck thing is huge, given, you know... here."
She said, "Well, we're not all that lucky, but, I guess, if it has to be here, I feel pretty blessed, too."
I nodded, invisibly and stupidly, she couldn't see me. I said, "Mmmm," and let go of her breast, letting the center of my palm stimulate her nipple before dropping it down her abdomen. I felt her ribs and muscular stomach, and dipped my hand a little lower, then stopped.
I said, "Lisa? I'm not going too fast, am I? I don't know what you want. You're going to have to tell me, and talk to me like I'm stupid because we don't really know each other and subtlety doesn't work on me sometimes."
Lisa turned over, bringing her face next to mine, and whispered, "Kev, we're all trying hard. You're ... being a good guy. We all see that. You're in a tough spot, having to try to live up to standards, sort of, for each of us in your life, plus you didn't grow up normal, you've got this special gift thing, plus you made this incredible speech and now everyone besides us knows you're nice, too."
The speech was 'incredible'? I wasn't sure about that.
"Trouble is, that usually leads to guys getting full of themselves. They get cocky and turn into asshats. No matter how nice they are, they can turn into asshats. So, I'm nervous about that. Even if you're nice now..."
I nodded. I could see her logic. I said, "You've got a point. I just might. I'll try not to. But, I have an older sister. It's possible to keep me humble, if you've known me a while and can point out things to my face." Laughing, quietly, I continued with a funny voice, "and, she did keep me humble, growing up."
Lisa laughed a little, too, her ribcage bouncing a little. I felt her smiling, but barely could see it, so I bent my face down and we kissed, deep and long, letting our tongues dance a while. I was in no rush, and it didn't feel like she was, either.
After just relaxing into it for five or ten minutes, I started moving my hand downwards, down her abdomen, past her belly button, and I could tell she spread her legs for me. Her hand passed mine, rubbing herself a little, and I think making herself ready for my hand to take the place of hers.
My fingers reached her pubic hair, a short triangle, and then went up and down, then in, and around, all while our kisses kept our tongues busy.
After a couple of minutes, her hips started to thrust into my hand, and I knew I wanted to switch a little. I moved over to lie on top of her, then started shifting downwards, kissing her neck, her left breast, underside then nipple, then repeating on the right, then slowly down. Soon my butt was in the air and my face was between her uplifted legs, and I tasted her sweetness, a different taste than Dana's but still of the same idea.
As her legs lifted up, I started licking in earnest, using my right hand fingers to press inward as I licked. Down, then up and tweak the clit lightly, then down again, fingers moving inside her, pressing in on the side of her vaginal wall, then up on the top of it, as deep as I could, trying to find the right place to rub.
I found the place.
Combined with the wide-tongued lick up and over her clit, the finger motion brought her moans from barely audible to definite and urgent.
Her pants were gasping paused-off-on as I thrust my fingers in, but they gave way to, "Oh, my, god, yes, yes, keep doing that. Right there, yes, right, just keep that... Oh, fuck, yes, God, yes, this is ... Oh, I have wanted this, Yyyyyyessss, oh-my-god, yes, fuuuuuuuuck... " Her voice was vibrating, and she moaned, "hoooooooooooooyessssssss Ahhhhahaaaaaaaaaa!!!"
Her whole body shook as the orgasm seized her, her legs closing on my ears and clamping down on my head like a vice. I kept licking, then sucked her clit into my lips and let it slide in and out of my pursed lips with suction. This made her noises even more frantic, and while there might have been people nearby habs who didn't hear her, there probably weren't many.
I let her calm down a bit, relaxing, but my cock was plenty hard now, rubbing against the sheet, as I was face first into my Asian goddess's crotch, feasting. I let her relax for just a second, then moved up, wiped off my face with my hand and spat in it at the same time. Grabbed my cock with that hand, I got it wet, and moved her legs and climbed up her. I asked, knowing the answer, "Lisa, are you ready? I... have something here."
"Give me that cock. Now!"
"Okay!"
I pressed the head up against her crack and rubbed up and down to get it even more slick, the feeling of it filling me with sudden electricity, a perfect feeling for a cock is rubbing up like that, at least to start with. I pressed it down, then in, and moved in little motions pressing in, out, then in farther, then out. I wasn't sure what her response would be, if she would be tight, if she'd be ... I didn't know.
I'd never made love with such an everyday-energetic person as Lisa, who simply bounced from thing to thing, whatever she did. Yet, right now, I was totally in the lead, she obviously wanted me to make the calls and be the action. That was fine with me, she was so damned sexy, but it was a contrast with her usual talkative, assertive self.
Her guttural response, wanting more, came at me more or less as "Ugggghhhh!"
I increased the depth, then started working at a faster and faster pace. For my cock, going in was a tight fit, very tight, and then, on top of that, she was managing to squeeze my cock even more. The kegel exercises, I realized they'd mentioned, the ones I'd mostly ignored doing, they had given her a super-strength vagina, and Dana, too, probably, since last night Dana's grip on me had been strong, too.
Sliding in, I felt her clench on me, her smile looking at me changing as her eyebrows went up with each clench. My cock pushed in, getting such strong beautiful slick friction, I didn't know if I should slow down or speed up. My eyes half-closed, the pleasure was too great to keep them open, but when I did, I had to say, "Lisa -- wow. You feel incredible. Fuck, you're so tight, you squeeze me, you, ah, you, wow, you're grabbing my cock with your pussy, ah, that's amazing!"
Lisa was looking into my eyes intensely, a kind of smiling grin on her face, and I felt her clench on me. I groaned, a wide smile on my face, loving the feeling of being in her, but I was separated, so I lowered myself down on her, and her legs came down, too, to match me. I was face to face with her, close, as close as two people can get. My mons and her mons were pressed hard together, my cock in between her legs and up into her, my hands under her shoulders and pulling down as I stroked into her.
Lisa and I looked at each other in the eyes, 2 inches apart, and I tenderly kissed her lips, our lips touching as I pulled myself up and into her again and again. We rocked together, and I felt myself building. I said, quietly, "I'm going to come."
She said, "Come in me, Come on. Your cock is filling me up, it's, it's, wow, it's filling me all up, so, come, spurt in me. Do me. Fuck, you feel good in me, Oh... Ohhhh.... Goddddd.... ahhhh" Her grunts were getting more intense, and I was on the feather edge. I felt her cunt spasm, pulling on my cock, grabbing me inside her, as I slid in, and out, and then, I came! I sped up a bit, but couldn't keep moving, I had to pull into her, as deep as I could go, pull, pull, thrust with my hips, all the way in, FULLY Inside. I leaned back my head, and cried out, amazed at the feelings shooting through me, spurt and gasp, as I thrust again, spurt and gasp, pulling her to me.
As I was finishing coming, she was just starting, and her gasps, squeaks even, were matched then by her writhing around under me, her legs coming around behind mine, her arms grabbing around my back and pulling me towards her. "Ahhhhhhhh! Ahhhhhhhh! OOohhhhhhOOOOO My god! Ochchchchooooooooaahahhh!!!! Gawd, this, ah whaaaaaa!!!! Ohhhhhhhhhhhhh!" She just kept coming, writhing under me, for a while. I held on, keeping my cock in her and moving around a little to help her out, but who knows if she needed it, she was having a great time.
As she calmed down, I moved my face back over in front of hers and smiled, wondering with my eyes, and she smiled back at me, softness and relief in her eyes, too.
I didn't know what the relief was about, but I was happy to be there. I lowered my lips to hers, and kissed her, gently, as sweetly as I could.
My weight on her, I could tell, was starting to be something, so I whispered, "shall I roll off?"
She shook her head no, "Not yet. Just, wow. Just lie here. Let me feel you. I want the echo of this."
"Gotcha. Let me know."
I laid my head down on her shoulder, my nose in her neck, feeling all of her touching me. We were both completely naked, completely touching our fronts. Her boobs were crushed against my chest, and I could feel the sweat of our exertions sticking us together. Her mound, still pressed against mine, was joined all the way down and in where my cock, still semi-hard, was pressed up into her.
As I relaxed over a few minutes, breathing more and more regularly, so did my cock, and I felt it slipping out. Finally, it popped out, and Lisa said, dejectedly, "Ooh... too bad."
"Had a good workout just now."
"Had a Great workout just now!"
"I'm worried I'm heavy on you. I'm bigger than you are. I feel like I should hold myself up a little."
"Well, okay."
I rolled off, onto the right towards the wall and faced her, spooning her.
Midnight Round
Waking up to feel a body behind me crawling in, I realized we were making this group-spooning a real habit. I didn't hear any crying this time, which was good, though. The covers behind me moved as someone crawled into bed behind me, and I saw the covers also moving in front of Lisa, so it again was 4 to a bunk. Crowded, but, in the constant but cool 12-degree (55F) air, having someone's skin touching was really pretty nice.
Lisa stirred; my hand was around her waist and I felt her shift a bit to accommodate the new person.
Behind me, settling in, I felt cool hands, and then... naked boobs against my back. Not just small naked boobs, either, these had to be Dana's. Her skin was cooler than mine, but soft and inviting and relaxing all at once.
Lisa shifted in front of me, so I knew she was at least a little awake. My hand was around her front and loosely holding her ribs below her lower breast, a comfortable position holding beautifully soft skin. I kissed her shoulder, right in front of my face and said, "I love you, Lisa."
She said something so softly I couldn't hear it but hugged my arm to her and wiggled a little in a way that seemed happy. I turned around to Dana and said, "Dana?"
She said, "Yes?"
"If I turn my head, can you kiss me?"
"Sure."
I did, and she leaned up and kissed my lips softly for a couple of seconds. I said, "Thanks, Dana. Good night. I love you."
She exhaled a bit, and said, almost choked up, "I... Good night, too. I love you, too, Kevin." Settling in behind me, she snugged up against me. I reached over with my free arm and tapped Jo on the side and said, 'Jo?'
She shifted, listening, so I said, "Good night, Jo. I love you."
She said, barely audible because she was faced the other direction, "I love you, too, Kevin. Good night."
Sleeeeeep....
Maybe 2 hours later, I awoke slowly. I was spooning Lisa, but her leg was up, tenting the blanket. Her butt was pressed against my front and moving rhythmically. There had been enough friction that my cock was hard already, and pressed up against the back of her open thighs. Every couple of seconds, I felt her fingers touch the head of my cock and tug just a little, before pressing back into her obviously wet pussy.
I shifted my hand upwards to her breast, caressing it and teasing before getting the nipple trapped by the base of my thumb and tugged and turned a little. This made her gasp even though she was already breathing hard. She'd made my cock wet with her juices, going from her pussy to my cock, but each tug on me was a little more insistent, a little more urgent, her breath catching as she panted with half-held breaths of building passion.
My cock was close to being inside her and it was obvious she wanted me in there.
Shifting my hips around a little, I moved my underneath / lower arm, which had been against her back, up under her hip and lifted her a little. With my other arm, grabbed the upper side of her hip and lifted her body so my cock was right between her legs. She accommodated, moving her hips, then reaching down and grabbing my cock between her legs. Holding the tip against her, she positioned it and pushed back, and I pushed forward and into her. I hadn't ever tried side-lying as a position, so this was a surreal experience, requiring some muscle control on my part to hold her hips in place, and to hold my head up sideways with the jarring motion as well.
As I did this, there being no secrets when 4 people are in a bed together, I could tell my motion had caused Dana to shift earlier, but she moved to not get bumped by my thrusting. This was not what I wanted -- her boobs were fabulous on my back, and I was sandwiched between silken soft female flesh in front of me and behind me.
I turned around a little, and panted, "Dana, can you ...Ohhhhh, yes ... can you, uh, push the pillow under my head a little, please? Ohhh, God... Uh, yeah. Thanks.... Ohhh...."
Dana pushed the pillow up a little, but doing so made her boobs move away from my back. "Uh," I said, once she was done with the pillow, "Uh, your ... boobs, oh, yess...... your.. boobs, can you press them... ahhh... aaaaahhh-gainst my back? That's, oh that's great, Lisa, ahhhhh, thrusting is so good, ... against my back, Dana?"
I realized I wasn't making much sense, maybe, but Dana snuggled in behind me, pressing her boobs against my back again, and putting her arm over my chest to hold herself to me.
"Oh, yes, Dana, soft boobs, on my back, Oh, and Lisa, warm, soft... " I felt a tight squeeze from inside of her, as she squeezed me consciously, and grunted at the same time. Her moans were in a good rhythm, and with her left hand being on my thigh, it must have been her right arm that was between her legs furiously rubbing her clit at the same time I was thrusting into her. Sometimes her nails would graze the top of my cock, and I could feel the rubbing, too.
Even in my good feelings, I realized that Jo, on the outside, probably was getting left out. I called over, "Jo.... Jo?"
I heard a "Yeah?"
"You're... Uhhhh, god!, You're... getting...." I lifted up and looked. She was still there, with Lisa sort of facing her back. "You're.... getting left out, I'm sorry... Uhh... Lisa, here, move your hand over.... Put it.... On ... Jo's boobs... Jo.... Is that.... Okay....?"
Lisa's hand moved over and touched Jo's side, holding onto it as she moved. Jo said, "uh, sure, okay."
I looked over as Jo rolled backwards, her smallish boobs tight to her chest, but I could see her nipples were really erect. Dana's hand went towards them, and as she did, I said, "Damn, that's sexy. Yeah, grab that tit! I love watching that, your hand on her boob, that's so fucking sexy... Yeah, ooh, Lisa, yesss, you're so hot..." I watched, looking over Lisa's head, as her hand went around Jo's breast, pressing it and cupping it, then pulling on the nipple like she did with herself.
Lisa's hand had slowed down on her clit while she played with Jo's boob, but then renewed in earnest, and as we thrust against each other, I told them all how sexy they were (as best I could between gasps). I told Lisa how great my cock felt, too, feeling it sliding, thrusting into her, and her rolling it out as she shifted, then pulling me in again with her top leg.
We pushed into each other slowly, Lisa backing into me, Dana's boobs on my back, holding onto me and rubbing my chest and side as I moved.
Looking over Lisa's head and shoulder, I could see her holding onto Jo's breast, rubbing the nipple, or just grabbing and holding. Over some minutes, we thrust, pushing, grunting, feeling the ecstatic friction of hard cock into wet, tight vagina.
The lower hand must have still been busy because the fingertip touching the top of my cock continued, Lisa's hand doing some rapid work on her clit as I pushed and pulled on her hips getting my cock buried and pulled, buried and pulled.
Gradually, Lisa's gasps got closer together and louder, then she stiffened, "Ahhhhaaaaaaaaa!!!! Ahhhhhhhh!!! God o god o god o god ahhhhhhhhh!" Her internal muscles started cyclic clenching on me, which drove me batty and I quickly peaked, too, pushing into her faster and faster, then pulling her hard against me.
I came, pushing my cock as far into her as I could. My hips seemed to have their ideas, and bent strongly into her and clenched as I came, my cock pulsing as I pumped my white stuff into Lisa's pussy, waves of pleasure washing over my brain. The whole thing was a supreme sensual experience of skin. I came, with boobs behind me, a hardbody-muscled taut-skinned sexy nymph in front and plugged onto me, and the bare-boobed shadow of Jo beyond us, 'tits-up' as the British say.
Dana's hand was clutching my chest to hold me as I finished coming, but as I relaxed a little, so did her grip.
I said, "This sandwich thing we're doing, Is Amazing. I'm ... wow. I'm holding onto Lisa, This Amazing Body, this amazing person, in front of me, making love with her, and at the same time, my back is delighting in the soft-warm of this amazing person behind me, who's giving this hug, and beyond, in my vision, is another amazing beautiful person, with sexy bare boobs and pointy erect nipples just lying there and being really damned sexy! This? Wow."
Dana gave me a body-squeeze from behind, and I shrugged into the hug as a squeeze back.
As I kissed Lisa's shoulder again the shifting moved us apart. Lisa said, dejectedly, "Oh, you slipped out." Calling down to my crotch in a singsong voice, she said, "I miss you! Come back soon!"
I laughed, and felt Dana behind me chuckle a little as well. I let go of Dana's hips, and pulled her back so she was laying flat on her back, with my face over hers. I kissed her solidly, then tenderly, my hand on the side of her face. I looked into her eyes and said, "Thank you. That was wonderful."
She smiled at me, "I didn't just do it for you, you know."
"Oh, I know. I'm aware of my position here as a sex-toy to the rich and beautiful. I'm not objecting to it, but I am aware of it."
"Rich and beautiful? I'm not sure we're rich."
"I was being silly, but... actually, thinking about it, we kind of are in the pretty rich category. We're worth at least $5 million each. Plus, if Jamie's calculations are right, we're living in a house that cost at least a ten-thousandth of 2% of U.S. GDP. Divided per person, that counts as 'pretty rich'. A tiny percent of a Lot of zeros is still a lot of zeros."
Jo piped in and said, "You do have a point. My mom's done lots of work in the third world, and how rich you are is how many animals you own. Based on yesterday's rabbit and chupacabra count, they'd think we're billionaires."
Dana and I, and then Lisa laughed at the same time, and I said, "Uhhh... I think you mean capybaras, not chupacabras."
Jo said, laughing back, "Well, what the hell, I didn't grow up with those things!"
I said, "Jo, scootch over here a minute." I tilted my head up to make it obvious I was going to kiss her.
She shifted over, and I pulled her in with my arm, her head over Lisa's, and kissed her lips, my hand on the side of her face, too. After a long, tender kiss, I pulled away and looked in her eyes and said, "thank you."
"What did I do?"
"I said before. You were there, in my vision, your nipples hard enough for me to taste them remotely."
She laughed and sat back down, "Well, I'm glad my nipples could be of service to you. Lisa made 'em that way, not my fault."
Though Lisa chuckled, I interjected, "No, no, no. Everybody's responsible for their own nipples. There's gonna be no nipple-blaming going on here." Thinking, I continued contemplatively, "And, if there is, we'll have to figure out a way for me to properly chastise the nipple-bullies."
Everyone laughed, and I lay back on my side, then said, "Can everyone turn over, I'd like to switch sides?"
Dana let go, and turned over, but I pulled her back and leaned up, kissing her lips softly and caringly, "Thank you, too. I'm sorry if I bumped you too much."
She softly-half snorted as I settled back and said, "Bumping you is just fine with me." The double-entendre wasn't lost on me.
Once everyone was settled in and getting relaxed, I moved my hand up Dana's side to cup her boob, a familiar and welcome spot. She shifted her butt into me as well, setting very nice sensations going, my wet and not entirely flaccid cock between her ass cheeks in the crevice and sliding a bit. I said, quietly, "Dana, now, settle, you're wiggling and I love that pretty butt of yours, but we have to sleep."
"Oh... Okay..." she was fake-dejected, but I knew she appreciated the compliment.
A New Day Dawns With Morning Wood
I woke to being kissed on the ear by soft lips breathing hot breath that stirred up the hairs on the back of my neck with an almost-tickle-me-freakout sensation. I was on my back, and Lisa was kissing and nibbling my earlobe. Dana's butt was against my side; I realized I was feeling her about the time I felt her slow and slight breathing body-motions against me. Lifting my left arm, my Breitling said it was about 5:20 am.
A hand across my stomach, and a leg across mine, moved closer as Lisa started to push herself closer to me. It seemed like she might try to roll on top of me, but then she stopped and reached down to grasp what was obviously a nice case of morning wood.
Stroking my shaft felt nice, so I said, "Oh! that's a great way to wake up, thank you."
Lisa said, "Don't thank me yet. I have one more to get out of you before we get up this morning."
I nodded, smiling, "It's great to be appreciated for my deeper intellectual and spiritual capacities."
She giggled. "I like your capacity to reach certain places in me deeper than my fingers go."
My hand, along my side, freed up by her movement, found a way to reach her crotch, albeit by twisting awkwardly. But, I continued, "Oh, sure, you can focus on those bits. But, I have spiritual capacities, too. For instance, did you know that my cock was deputized by the Pope himself as an instrument of divine intervention? Seriously. I think I remember that. I might have been dreaming though. Does the Pope look like a very tall man with one eye, a peg-leg, and a Toucan bird on his shoulder?"
"Ummm..." Her wide-smiling disbelief was amused, "Nnnnnnoooooh. Yeah, pretty sure on that. No. Pretty sure. I'm not Catholic, but... Maybe... maybe you're talking about the Second Secret Pope...." Her hand kept moving. "And, I hear... There's a third one who's a redheaded teenage girl from Nicaragua. I think read about it at the supermarket."
I said, "You know a lot of things that I don't know. You must have some kind of divine inspiration."
She half-whispered back, confidently, "Oh, I have divine inspiration. Just wait 10 minutes, you'll feel it."
"Really?" My hand-motions had found her nether lips. She was already wet and responding to my touch with little hip motions and eyebrow-raises. "I'm a little nervous, Lisa. We're not married and doing sexy things and you're talking about the pope in... ways that someone somewhere - maybe some, like, divine entity - might think is disrespectful."
"Oh, not the ACTUAL pope. That one's Catholic. No, the second and third ones are Pirate Popes. They bless people on the ARRRrrrrrrrssssse."
I chuckled.
She licked her lips and inhaled a little at the stimulation, then asked, "I have to ask, though."
"What?" I felt the power of being able to do something that was causing pleasure. It felt good to be able to do that. She was definitely responding.
She had some trouble talking, "Ohhhh, yes. Uh, ... Yes! Ok, so, how is it...Oh! [sharp inhale] How did you get so ... ahhhhhh, god ahhoooooo how did you get so good with your fingers and tongue... ooooooooo.... If you've only had 3 girlfriends...?"
"Yeah. Well, I paid attention..." [moving my fingers in circles now over her clit but also all around her labia majora and tickling her pouty inner lips, which I could feel with my middle finger] "to what my second girlfriend said, and did exactly..." [ more rubbing, it was working ] "...what she said she wanted. Also," [ my other hand reached over and squeezed her breast, slowly pressing in then pulling out on the whole nipple area ] "...I had the advantage of running the images of what she said and how she responded through my head, from start to finish, several times afterwards. My memory thing lets me get quite a bit of info like..." [I lightly brushed up the side of her areola with my upper arm] "...THIS."
"Ohhhhh..... I [grunt] ...get it!"
"Do you want me any special way this morning?"
She looked at me with a furrowed brow that said frustration and immediate need, "Behind me. I want you behind me. Doggie." Her voice was husky. This wasn't a light and trivial need.
"Mmmkay." I carefully pulled down the blanket and pushed myself onto my hands and knees. The blanket coming down revealed the other two girls, naked now, mostly sleeping, but I was concentrating on Lisa.
Lisa rolled onto her stomach and pushed up into being on all 4's in front of me. I had to back up, and I worried about not bumping my head on the bunk above me, all the while intent on not disturbing bedmates. It mostly worked, though we couldn't do much about them eventually getting cold.
She stretched out, down-dog style, then pushed up again, arching her back. My head just barely cleared the bottom of the top bunk -- it was close. Egads, she was beautiful!
Her thin, muscular body, the tiny goosebumps on her back, and looking down below her anus to the obvious arousal of her wet pouty inner lips, spread and ready for me. I ran my hands over her back and sides, and reached around and under her, then down as I my cock slid down between her legs and rubbed her wet sex. She shifted, rolled her hips forward, and I pushed with my cock and hand and slid into her a little bit at a time.
The wonderful softness of her lips under my fingers, my cock going in and out, and the shudders as I made circles with my middle finger over her clit as I moved into her again and again.
"ooohhhhhh... ooohhhhhh... ooohhhhhh.. " she let out a long, low, soft, primal grunts as I kept pressing in, pulled out a little, and pressed in again. Each push, she'd push back, but I wouldn't let her push too much, I wanted to get deeper slowly. She was still incredibly tight on me, maybe more than I'd ever felt (though comparing is fraught with danger). Lisa could pulse-squeeze on my cock, hard, all these girls could, for some reason, in a way that none of my other girlfriends had been either able to, or at least were in the habit of doing.
Finally, after a minute or so, I was pushing in her, and pulling out again, with some regular rhythm. I liked this. The chance to come so many times recently took my hair trigger off and I could last a nice long time during sex.
The rocking, and the cold air, had woken up Dana. She was rolled over, watching us. She shook her head, smiling, "You're at it again?"
I just grinned and panted, my face contorting with the sensations of delightful touch that was cock-in-tight-pussy.
Dana's question, though, woke up Jo (or, more likely, stopped letting her pretend) and she opened her eyes, too, to watch the proceedings.
I said, "Jo, can you lend a hand again? I can't reach her boobs."
Jo rolled her eyes and smiled, but seemed happy enough to reach over to Lisa's dangling boobs and hold one. They weren't that far from her face, and I saw Jo feeling the boob as it moved, and watching it, and watching Lisa's face as we thrust against one another. It was obviously an exercise in discovery and it was a damned sexy one to watch her explore.
Looking over at Dana, I said, "There's another boob here if you have a free hand, but only if you want to."
Dana said, "S'okay. Easy enough." She scooted over the bad on her back, laying right near Lisa's shoulder so she got a good angle on it.
I kept thrusting, slowly, building very slowly.
Suddenly, the reveille sounded, startling me quite a bit, but I didn't miss a beat. I'm not going to stop having sex for a bugle call.
I looked down at Dana's boobs, rocking with the bedframe movement. It was great. My I reached around her hip, bending over, so I could get under it and rub Lisa's clit. It worked for a while, she grunted in desperate want, and her panting and whimpering got louder as I went. I was grunting a bit, too, but Lisa's grunts were regular and louder now, "ohhhhhhh.... Oh Goddd...... Yess...... Ohhhhh, that's right, rub there.... Yes, yes, keep doing that, yes... yes... oooahhhahhahhhhaaaoooooo... oohhhhooooohhhhh..."
After a minute or so of this, it got too awkward, so I pulled back and just grabbed her hips and pulled her back into me with a slow and steady rhythm. I closed my eyes to feel it, loving each sensation. I knew my smile was a mile wide.
Behind / beside me, then, in the narrow passage between wall and bed, I heard something. Opening my eyes, I saw the door was open and 3 crouching / kneeling observers.
Just glancing a second, I saw it was all four, not three - Kim, Heather, Amber and Jamie were all very close to me, really, looking in and smiling. I turned back to my business, pulling Lisa back to me with gusto, grunting a bit in the process. Jo saw them and hesitated with her hand for just a moment, but then resumed holding and rubbing Lisa's breast. Dana, too, saw something, but mostly her view was blocked by Lisa's body.
On the other hand, I had a great view. Both Jo's and Dana's boobs were bouncing from mattress movement in time with my thrusts, as I pulled powerfully on Lisa's hips, slapping her into me, a tiny ripple coming up from her butt as I did. In between, I could see my cock appearing and disappearing into her tight pussy.
Lisa's grunts became far louder and more guttural, and she came, screaming and pulsing hard on my cock. I was going fast now, driving into her as she came, her writhing on me and twisting on the bed sending great sensations into me... and I, too, Came!
Spurts of joy, thrusting in, I cried out "UUUUUgggghhhhhhh YES Ah! YES Uhhhhh!!", the spasms of coming overtaking me. The pull, the strong pull I had to put myself completely in her, bury myself to the hilt and hold it very, very tight. "Uggggg!!!!" another wave, and another wave hit me, a huge smile on my face, the deliciousness of it all overwhelming me.
As I was coming, the afterimages flashed through my head -- Dana's legs, spread a little, her lips engorged and ready, as were Jo's. Two completely beautiful bodies, completely horny and turned on, me with a complete view. On either side of my cock thrusting into one amazingly sexy body were two perky, young bodies, their tender skin and lickable breasts with hard nipples pointing up in the cool air, and openings that I could be filling were I not filling the one in front of me.
My spasms continued for a bit, subsiding, and just when I thought it was over, I was coming again, and again. It was like I was sneezing, an automatic convulsion that brought out a grunt and, simultaneously, moved my hips and abdomen forward to thrust in again, deeply, unable to see for a moment, and then emerging to repeat it, slower and less powerful each time until it dissipated.
Slowing down and stopping, I settled back, and pulled Lisa backwards with me so I was sitting on my heels instead of kneeling, dragging her down the mattress as I did it. This came as some surprise to her, "Oh!", but in the process, she looked back, and glanced at the 4 other girls sitting on the floor next to us. She didn't pause long, so she must have known they were there. I looked over longer and saw the 4 of them sitting cross-legged, white-t-shirt-clad, bare-legged with white underwear, pointy nipples under the white-cotton t-shirts, watching us, relaxed and enjoying the view.
I let go of Lisa and patted her on the side of her butt, then pulled out of her, and asked, "Lisa? Jo? Can I roll in and lie down beside you for a minute?"
Jo moved over to the very edge of the bed toward them, and Dana and Lisa scooted over to make room for me to plop down next to them on my back. My cock was still almost-hard, and stuck up from me, only barely resting on my abdomen and coated in juices. Beside it, to one side, naked beauty of Lisa's upturned butt and Dana's supine form. Oh the other side and pressed up against me for lack of space, Jo's lithe body, her little bit of pubic hair tiny next to my untended furryness. I relaxed a moment and let my eyes close, taking some deep breaths.
It occurred to me I could be embarrassed, but their smiles and my just having orgasmed made that idea come and go quickly. Everyone was quiet for a minute, just observing, waiting for us to settle down. Kim and Amber were interested and half-smiling; Jamie had her hand in her panties, and Amber looked like she was about to cry, but was here because everyone else was. I decided to ignore that for now, though, the mood of BEAUTY was overtaking my brain.
I had to express it, so, earnestly and appreciatively, I said, really to all of them, "I'm ... in awe here. I look at you, each of you, and I'm thinking, This Person is Freakin' Beautiful! I mean, I think I can tell what normal people look like, and, like, in my human sexuality textbook, they had a bullseye scale for rating how attractive people are? So, it said, it's not universal, it's per person, eye of the beholder stuff. There's also some part that's universal, sure, they say, but mostly we have a personal scale. And, all of you, all 7 of you -- I don't get it. You're all, like, dead center of my bullseye."
They were, no B.S.
"Beautiful. Sexy. Talented. Smart -- the degrees in this room? That's some hard work plus brainpower, motivation, and all that. But, this is the kicker. The person that's in here, amongst this conflagration of hotness? Me. That's not making much sense. There's no way this should be happening to me. I'm not that good looking. Things like this don't happen to guys like me."
Kim said, "I can't speak to the looks part, but thank you. As for the activity when we came in here?" She motioned to indicate me and the bed as a whole, and switched to a mock-sports-announcer voice, "Bob, I'm gonna have to an 8.5. What it lacked in professionalism it made up for in enthusiasm. Back to you, Bob!"
The other girls laughed.
I said, "I think there's something different in my mind about seeing someone naked, and seeing them make love. I'm not saying I'm embarrassed, I'm saying, there's some kind of intimacy involved here, and, it's giving me warm-fuzzies instead of embarrassment."
Jo looked at me as if I was crazy for just figuring this out, and said, "Duh!"
"Okay, sorry. I'm not used to the emotions I'm having..."
"Are you worried about us seeing you?"
"No! No, not at all. For gosh sakes, it wasn't just Lisa and me, Dana and Jo were witnessing, too. It's not that. It's just that, if I was caught by someone else making love, it would be embarrassing, because... because there'd be some kind of power shift?"
Kim explained to me like I was stupid, which was fine because I probably am. She said, "You're here with people that care about you, Kevin. And Jo. And Dana. You're here with people who aren't going to make fun of you."
Jo said, mischievously, "I think I could, though!"
I turned to look at her, inches from my face, a questioning look on my face.
"You had this really funny look on your face when you came, it was neat. Lisa did, too. I mean, obviously, you're having an orgasm, right? So, of course you have a different kind of look."
They laughed.
She continued, "But, really -- it's silly, but ... it's kind of touching? You were so getting into it! Really into each other, paying close attention, moving together, feeling it all! The neat part, like, from where I'm lying? It's that, Kevin, you really sped up just about the right time when she was starting to really come. You were like, go-go-go! Gotta-go-faster!" Jo was grinning widely. "You sped up a lot. And, when you did that, it, like, pushed Lisa over and she came right then really intensely because you were going fast. Then, you came too, like you timed it on purpose or something.
I said, "Sounds about right, but... I didn't know that was visible."
"Sure, but I could feel... yeah, so I was holding her boob, and her nipple got really hard and pointy right before you sped up, so I could tell something was happening. Plus, I could see the tension that was building in you guys. And, I saw it released, too, your faces going all funny at the same time. Not bad funny, not ugly funny. Good funny. Very good funny."
I saw her point, and nodded, "Hmm..."
Kim said, "You all planning on getting up? We have stuff to do today, lots and lots of stuff to do. Kevin, your clothes are hanging outside on the hab door, they're probably dry by now."
The 6:00 am reveille sounded, startling us, of course. As it played, Dana, lying next to me, ran her hand down my chest, then tapped her finger in the small drip of come from the end of my penis, then rubbed it down the length. "Looks like he needs a rest. But, first, a bath."
Jo crawled out of bed, then Lisa crawled over me. Their perfect asses wouldn't quit calling out to me. Heather and Jamie filed out of the room, then Amber. I tapped Kim's leg and said, "Hold up a minute..."
I stood up, squeezed between the bed and the wall. I had tried my best to ignore my half-hard and somewhat wet boner, but I was suddenly standing very close to Kim, naked, with it pointing out a bit in her direction. She looked down me, then up me slowly, and looked me in the eyes, attempting to be more distant. I said, quietly, trying to ignore that, "Umm... Heather, just now... she looked like she was going to cry. I know we're all, like, hurting, but... How's she doing?"
Kim said, "She was crying a bunch in the night. I held her..." She paused, grimacing a little, "There's no fixing this, she's just in a lot of pain. We all are. I'm almost there myself, and I'm not quite sure why I'm not more freaked out. This sex thing is odd enough, but even though it's this big contrast, like, pain versus, like, 'fun' or whatever, it's not that, it looks like."
Dana spoke up; she'd crawled out the end of the bed. "The sex isn't like, trivial sex, like, have a meaningless flop, or something. I wasn't sure how I was going to deal. It's turning into, like, this thing where we're hurting, sure, but we can hold each other, and there's no sexual tension because we're all naked anyway, and the skin is so primal."
Lisa said, "I was nervous last night. But, then it turned into a way to express something, and I relaxed, and it was actually sort of fun. A lot of fun. But, it isn't disrespecting the pain? It's being in the moment or something."
Kim nodded. She wanted to get out, but I had to get my towel, so I just ducked down so she could get out again. As she left, she bent down and said, almost whispering, "Thanks for noticing her, Kev. We're all looking out for each other."
I nodded and she went out, followed by the girls in towels for their morning showers.
More Showerhugs
Us four grabbed towels, and passed the others getting dressed, their showers last night being sufficient. I wanted to get a little of the sex off this morning before starting work.
Lots of people were getting up at the same time, though most were dressed and heading for the cafeteria. There was so much really hard work to do. A lot of animals were still in their cages, and getting them out and situated, with all the massive setups needed, had been exhausting the day before. Plus, there was the tromping around just in the rabbit fields just to carry heavy things.
Some people walking just ahead of me, a guy I'd seen, and a short, well-muscled dark-skinned girl who looked like she could bench press me, at least from the rear. Her figure was pleasant, and the muscles rippled a bit. The guy was well muscled, too, and the way they were walking, casually and familiarly, it occurred to me they were kind of 'together'.
As we got closer, I overheard him say, "...but you came, like, twice, while I was in you." She gave a jaunty agreement-nod, and he replied with, "Really fuckin' sexy as hell! I'm going to remember that one!"
I split off and used the toilet for a while and brushed my teeth, all the while getting flashbacks of bouncing boobs as I thrust into Lisa. Visual echoes would hit me all the time, but especially when I was doing something on automatic like brushing teeth or washing my hair.
Regardless, coming into the shower cubbies, I was almost to take my towel off, and a girl, jaunting and bubbly, walked up, dripping, utterly naked and fantastically gorgeous. Her blonde hair was really light-blonde up and down, a light triangle of pubic hair being barely visible. Her eyes, though, as I looked up into them, sparkled a bit, and I couldn't look away from them.
Coming up to me, she said, "It's Kevin! Hey! Naked-hug-Kevin! Naked-hug-Kevin!" Stepping right up to me, she hugged me, pressing her generous D- or DD-cup breasts into my chest as she wrapped her arms around me, flattening them on me, holding me tight to her. But, immediately, she was off balance, and when she shifted, it scraped my towel just enough. It fell to the floor. Suddenly, I felt a draft.
Really, it was more than that. All my remembering of my recent sexy-time had left me in a not-entirely-flaccid state.
Thus, when the towel let go, my cock snapped spring-loaded up onto her thigh. Her hug kept being enthusiastic, but then slowed down a little, swaying from side to side. I felt my cock touching her inner thigh or crotch, and it had some girth to it.
She started to realize what had just happened. She said, in my ear, "Your towel just fell, didn't it."
"Yep."
"Your penis is on my... thigh."
"Uh... I was just having sex this morning, and it's... kind of a leftover."
"I'm letting go, then, okay?"
"Thank you."
She laughed kind-heartedly, and, then a mischievous look on her face, deliberately bent her knees and (somewhat more slowly than necessary), picked up my towel. Standing again, slowly, her head passing within inches of it and her eyes completely on it, she stood up again and handed it to me. "Here, you dropped this."
We both laughed, and I said, "Ok, thanks."
I decided that when women are in groups of other women, they are a lot more daring than when they are alone or in groups of men. This was becoming apparent in a lot of my interactions.
There were quite a few people watching this as they were drying off, and smiling. She said, "Oh, and - this naked-hug-Kevin game is fun. Thank you."
"No problem." I stuffed it and my crocs into a cubby and went to the showers.
Another guy, showering at a nearby stall to me, said, "Dude! My habmates were talking last night. They said that they heard this group of girls was showering and got silly and then walked up to you and started hugging you while you were naked, and it got to be a game or something. So, how'd you manage to get that going?!?"
I laughed, loud and open, "I have no fucking idea how this started. I love it, though. The skin contact! It's amazing. I get giddy inside, man. It's like... It's a shot of like, Love or something. Somebody is giving my... giving my soul a gift, just by hugging me."
He chuckled, "Guess I can see that. Gotta be great. Skin is... amazing. It's like, back in my hab, at night, I get depressed, thinking about being here. There's no way out, there's no reprieve..." He spat some water out, rinsing his head. "If I even try to escape I'd end up getting everyone killed. It's a giant no-escape jail, and I didn't even do anything wrong! It's like, sometimes, like, life, you know, sometimes you make mistakes. You fuck up, and life moves on. You take your licks and you keep going, maybe a little wiser, hopefully. But, like, here... HERE."
He paused a moment. Other people around were listening, I was sure, it wasn't that loud in there.
The water just sprayed on him, but he was thinking as he talked, "There's this pressure, like this thing hanging over me, this guilt because I did something wrong, I must have messed up. I'm being punished for something, and I don't know what it is, and it's a forever-punishment, like, you never get to see grandma again, no matter how much, you know?"
I did know. I nodded.
He spat out water again and rubbed his armpits of soap, then his voice changed, softer, "But, then, I'm in my hab. I'm lying there at night, and Rachel scoots over, and we hold each other, and maybe there's crying, whatever, that's ... I guess, that's kinda gonna happen, it's a big life thing here. But, the holding. That personal stuff. The holding, in bed, and... Not just there, like, in our hab, when we're sitting around and I sit on the couch, and soon the girls are, like, sprawled all over me. It's not like we're having fun, or doing anything specific. It's just ... contact."
I said, "Intimacy. Friends. Habmates. Caring."
"Yeah, all that. It gets to me. It's not the only thing to do, but sometimes it's the Right Thing."
I hadn't expected to have a deep conversation during a shower, much less with a guy two showerheads over. A girl, nearby also, piped in and said, "You are both onto it." I didn't quite hear her right. I looked quizzically at her.
She continued, "He's right. That's exactly right."
Looking at her, my brain flashed in two directions. On one hand, and kind of first, she was there, soap on her body, with her lean, dripping-water, gorgeous hardbody, muscles under soft curves, swaying large boobs set lower on her chest, downward facing nipples on large areolas. My hindbrain took that part in. On the other hand, there was just this abstract generic human, head, body, legs, arms, just the same as the guy who had been talking. Sure, there were boobs vs. not-boobs, but really, it was just 2 humans.
I said, "What's your name?"
She said, "Maddie. Maddie Heiss"
"Kevin"
She laughed, "I know. Most everyone knows you, I think now."
I nodded a bit, and turned to the guy, "And you?"
"Phil. Phil Langstrom". He had just rinsed the soap out of his hair.
I said, "Phil, meet Maddie. Maddie, meet Phil."
They said hello to each other with "Hey's", and I said, "Maddie, Phil, I think you both might need hugs right now."
They laughed at each other, not sure if they should, so I said, "Phil? You liked it when that girl came over and gave me a 'naked-Kevin-hug', right? You're right. It's a blast. It's fabulous. Maddie? I don't know if you saw that, but it's a chaste hug, mostly, but it's just massive amounts of skin on skin. It feels better than any shower in the world. You'll like it too. So, don't hug me. Hug each other. Go ahead. I can give you permission, if you want it?"
They looked at each other, deciding. I said, "Maddie? I'll bet you need a hug. Phil here does, too. Naked hugs are great hugs. It's intimate. It's not really sexual. Well, it's a little sexual. But mostly, it's just intimate. It says 'I care about you'. So, Phil, meet her in the middle. Maddie, you okay with this, or prefer not?"
Maddie thought, rinsed her face, and said, "Okay." They walked towards one another, and did a small, halfhearted hug.
I said, "You can do better than that. Let down your guard. We're in a public place. You're not going to have sex. You're doing skin hunger."
There were quite a few people around, watching this. Changing arm positions, they hugged again, touching more fully.
"Great! Doesn't that feel good? Doesn't that just feel fucking fabulous? Why are we not doing this? What are we afraid of?"
A girl on the other side of me said, kind of quietly, "I... I need a hug, too."
I turned looked at the girl beyond her and I said, "Hey, what's your name?"
That second girl said, "Dawn". She'd heard this, all, too. Turning to the first girl, "What's your name?"
"Shelly."
"Shelly, meet Dawn. Dawn, Shelly." They turned to each other. I said, "Dawn, Shelly needs skin contact. She needs a hug, a good, solid, skin hug. It's not sexual. This is a hindbrain thing. We all need skin touch or we go a little nutso, especially in high stress." They were half-facing me. I said, "Help each other out. Naked hugs. Give the gift, to each other, of warm skin. Get the gift of warm skin at the same time. Meet each other halfway?"
I could see that Maddie and Phil had moved over under the showerhead and were still hugging, under the warm water, just hanging out.
"See, it's good! Meet halfway?"
Shelly, still faced towards me, nodded, and stepped towards Dawn, who walked forwards. They looked at each other, and opened arms, and hugged. Dawn was a bit taller than Shelly. So their boobs didn't overlap, but pressed in. They were obviously tentative, but then I could see the tension start to ebb, "Exactly. Relax into it. Close your eyes. Feel the skin on yours. It's fabulous. You're not committing to a relationship, you're being open, and accepting."
I finished soaping myself and glanced down. Happily, my cock was at normal proportions. I did need to manscape, but where were the scissors? Of course, nowhere, because the TSA doesn't let scissors on airplanes.
More people came in, and I said, "Maddie, Phil? Find someone else and hug them, if you want." I shifted to a little louder, sort of businesslike as an announcement, "Hey, it's showerhug day in the B3 showers! It's not sex! It's skin! We all need skin! Hug the person next to you! Stand under the water with them. Give the gift of skin, get the gift right back. Introduce yourself first! Then, open your arms and walk halfway."
Some more people around nodded, and turned around, asked names, and I could see, shook hands. Then, haltingly, some more of them hugged, then moved under the water together and stood there.
Soon, there were happy people, hugging, showering, smiling to each other, and talking. I thought, 'A wall is broken.'
I was busy drying myself and a girl came in near me, choosing a cubby near mine. As she took off her flip-flops, a girl came in from taking a shower (obviously a habmate by her easy familiarity) and said, "Oh, Jill, you're up! Good. We're doing this new thing? Shower-hugs. It's, like, total skin contact. It's not lezbo, it's just skin. Skin on skin. It's fabulous."
"You're wet."
"You will be too, in a minute."
"True enough."
"Put your towel up."
Jill mostly had her towel off now, so she put it in the cubby and turned around. The first girl, dripping, hugged her. At first, it was a sort of sort-of-accepting thing, but I could see she didn't know how long it was supposed to last.
Jill said, "How long do we do this?"
The first girl broke the hug, took her hand, and dragged her towards a showerhead, "Come on. Stand under the water with me. It's great." Jill turned on the shower and they hugged again, just standing there quietly.
I nodded. This was a Good Thing.
I was about to leave, when a taller, extremely dark-skinned african-american girl came up to me, dripping wet and said, "Hi. I'm Tanya." She held out her hand to shake.
We shook as I said, "Kevin"
"Oh, I know. Duh. Showerhug?"
I laughed, my hopes about getting an early breakfast were quickly dissipating. I had almost dried off, but I was not going to say no to her. "Sure." I stuffed my towel in again and went with her.
She took my hand and led me under a showerhead, and we stood under the hot water and hugged, heads on shoulders, arms around backs. I started swaying a little, turning us around in a circle to get the water moving in from different directions and not be cold.
Tonya said, 'This is the best idea ever. I'm really envious of your habmates, whoever they are."
I said, "You're gorgeous. I'm envious of your ... arrow, whoever he is."
She laughed, "Thank you. You're quite pretty yourself, sir." She put her face up, her cheek next to my cheek, where we stayed for a couple of minutes.
I said, "There's probably no way that breakfast is going to come anywhere close to this, but I'm hungry and we have ton to do today."
Tonya said, 'Oh, I know. Our hab worked goats as a team with another couple of habs yesterday and we didn't get but one gallery set up, and there's like 10 to go. We didn't get back to our hab until like 11 last night. I grabbed a quick rinse-off then, and just fell into bed. Thank god our prime ran out and brought us dinner. Our arrow's not up yet, though. Dory had him."
I said, "So, how many people are having sex, do you think?"
"Oh, lots, I'm sure. Most, probably. I haven't yet, though. Not my turn yet. Been a long dry spell."
"Unavoidable now, I suppose."
"Yeah. He's a nice guy, as they go. I'm pretty happy we got him. I'm probably not going to meet any brothers down here anyway."
"I've seen a couple..."
"Yeah, well. I'm sticking with my hab. Everybody is. It'd be ... complicated otherwise, I can't imagine that."
"Tonya?"
"Yes?"
"Thank you for this gift."
She exhaled, as an 'of course', and said, "You gave Me the gift."
"Let's go. I'm hungry."
She didn't let go immediately, but then, reluctantly, she did, kissing my cheek. I walked toward the cubbies again and wondered if I'd get to get out after I dried off this time. There were still pairs of people, throughout the shower space, showering and hugging together.
Sophia, usually the Mayor but right then just a person, was standing there, holding her towel and looking at them, perplexed. She said, "What is...?"
Tonya had heard Sophia, too, so I said, "Tonya, can you?"
I started drying off.
Tonya explained, and the mayor nodded slowly, smiling. Tonya offered to hug her, and the mayor said, politely, no thanks, but then I butted in.
"Mayor? You're not mayor right now. You're Sophia. You're in a shower area where it's normal to be naked. You're among friends who care about you. It's not a sexual thing. It's great. Plus, you're going to get wet anyway. It's called a 'showerhug'. It's a Good Thing, with a Capital G, and a capital T! Skin, it's like nothing else. It does Good Things. Trust me."
Sophia nodded absentmindedly, a bit dubious but starting to understand. She had her towel in one hand, now, off herself, standing there, naked. Slowly, Sophia opened her arms. Tonya walked into them, but Tonya being taller, Sophia's head was resting on Tonya's clavicle. Their arms draped over each other, Tonya moved her hands up and down Sophia's back, and Sophia copied her, and said, "Oh. Wow. I needed this."
I took Sophia's still-held-towel from her from behind Tonya's back and put it in a cubby.
"See?" I asked.
Sophia's voice, softer-edged, said, "Kevin. Thank you. Tonya...."
I could tell Sophia was going to call it quits without getting the full experience. I interrupted and said, "It's better under hot water. "
Tonya said, "Oh, yeah, it is. Here, let's go." She pulled Sophia over to a showerhead and they re-engaged, just standing there letting the water go over them.
I left and went to get dressed, walking slowly. Along the way, at least 5 other people wanted hugs, and I did so, happily but somewhat absentmindedly, still reveling in the beauty of skin on skin.
Food at Last
Dressed, finally, I caught up with all my habmates at the cafeteria. Some other hab had pushed up their table and were chatting, so when I explained what had happened in the showers, there were lots of questions: How was this not sexual, they wanted to know.
I had to answer, I didn't know, it just wasn't. It was skin on skin, that was good, but it wasn't sexual. Skin was its own reward. Like, at night, hugging a bunkmate, I said. Then, I realized I'd given away that we had sex to the other hab, and I got embarrassed.
The girls from the other hab said, 'Oh, yeah. Like, when Ron comes in and he's all naked, and wants to get in either with Sandra or Liang or me, and I'm like, "Is this sex or is this hugging?" Sometimes, he's horny, and other times, it's just like, "Let me lie here? I just want snuggles.' Then, of course, later, I take my shirt off, sometimes my panties, too, because, well, skin. Who doesn't want naked cuddling, like, all the time. Seriously."
They were amazed that Mayor Sophia accepted a hug from anyone, much less a naked person; they thought she was really formal.
I shrugged and said, "I think there's a huge number of people here who just desperately need to fill the giant sucking hole in their souls from being imprisoned here. That's.... gotta be a thing, you know? Like, stuff that could have been, and now can't be? We all have that. She has to, too. Sophia's like anybody. We all need it."
Heather still looked sad, but she nodded slowly. She was eating absentmindedly. I was concerned about her, so I nodded to Amber, sitting next to her, and Amber put an arm on Heather's chair back, which Heather then leaned into. It was a small gesture.
I was going to get myself food, but Jo had made me a bowl of oatmeal that was still sort-of-warm, with semi-warm pop-tarts, and room temperature OJ made a perfectly functional breakfast.
City Announcements
Mayor Sophia came into the cafeteria, hair dripping and in a hurry, and walked quickly up to the stage in the front. It was only 6:45 am, and she'd told us the announcement would be at 8, but she motioned for us to come up and we did. She took center stage, with us behind her, and said with an announcer voice, "Attention, Please? Attention!!?!"
People quieted and turned around to face her.
"Attention... Right. We have an announcement. Last night, the City council met very briefly. We passed one of our first official acts. We decided that we needed to have a city employee serving as City Engineer. That is, a person who will learn about and analyze the facility infrastructure, be able to answer questions about it, and help out if something goes wrong."
"Our decision was unanimous. Due to his rather unique abilities, we have appointed Kevin Kooper as the first City Engineer of B3. In talking with him, he has requested two assistants to share the duties, so someone can be available 24 hours, or in case two things happen at once. So, we also unanimously appointed Jamie... " She turned quickly and said to Jamie, "last name?"
Jamie said, "Nakamura. Jamie Nakamura."
This was news to me, I hadn't ever asked her what her last name was, and somehow we'd missed that the second day when we went around the circle for more details. Jamie didn't look Japanese to me, but as I looked at her again, I realized I could see it a bit around the eyes.
Sophia turned back to the audience and said, "Jamie Nakamura as Assistant City Engineer. Jamie has a BS degrees in Mechanical and Civil Engineering from University of Iowa. We need a third person for sure, a fourth maybe. Kevin asked for someone with a civil engineering degree. If you have that, please see me afterwards."
"Also, if Kevin comes up to you and asks questions, please help him out. We all need to know more about this place and sharing info should help that. Oh, and one more thing... " She paused, "News. We apparently have a very large lake, we discovered yesterday. Or, rather, several large lakes. Well, they've been here but we found out about them yesterday. They're west by northwest of here... Uh, the entrance gallery? We're calling that North. Anyway, that's out of the cafeteria here, right, then right, then straight for a long way, then left. The area they're in is really, really huge. There will be fish to eat, eventually. They're already in there. We'll do a tour later, but mostly we have to get all the animals out and tended to, first."
She looked around, "Any questions?" No one said anything, "Okay. On behalf of everyone, thank you all for the excellent hard work everyone is putting in, but we have so much to do and so little time before the animals start dying in their containers. So, that's it. Thank you, and let's get it done." There was a smattering of applause, and people got back to eating.
When we got back to the table, Kim said to Jamie, "Nakamura?"
"My great-grandfather was interred in one of the US's Japanese camps, in Alabama, as a kid during World War II. When they got out, his parents moved to Nashville, and grew up there. Plus, my mother's family is from there. She's Jewish, but her family is from Morocco, which apparently had quite a few Jews at some point. So, I'm kind of from everywhere. Jamie isn't even really my real name."
We looked at her, taken aback. Amber said, smiling but confused, "Well, what the hell is your name, then?"
"Hiru-atchikanoh Jai-matsu Nakamura, after my great grandmother. My parents shortened it to Jamie for school, and I've really gone by Jamie all my life. On tests, though, like, official stuff, the teachers were always confused for a bit until they figured out Jamie is Hiru and Hiru is Jamie."
Lisa said, "Yeah, I have the same problem. People can't pronounce Zhang either. My name is Not That Hard! But, it either comes out 'sheee-hang' or 'zzz-ang' or some other bullshit. You get used to it after a while. I always have to spell it over the phone. At least it's shorter than yours, though!"
Jamie stuck out her tongue at Lisa and they both smiled.
Rabbits, Rabbits, and More Rabbits
After breakfast, Jamie, Kim, and I kept going on Rabbit enclosures, then switched after lunch to goats. Kids, really, since baby goats are called, 'kids'. They weren't really goats yet. The were insanely mega-cute anti-gravity bounce-masters, and they bounded every which way when let out, jumping everywhere.
Concentrating on doing anything while mega-mini-goats jump sideways off everything? That's kinda tough. We ended up with lots of side conversations and petting instead of real work.
Most of the work was lifting of the heavy stuff -- feeders sturdy enough to not get knocked over, solid stainless-steel cage components, and moving 25-kilo bags of grass and plant seeds. My legs were dead by midafternoon but there was more to do. We moved from gallery to gallery and kept setting up goat equipment. Technically, our goals were just getting the barest minimum setup done, with so much ahead of us it was seriously daunting.
Someone brought in lunch -- a pile of Salami sandwiches with spicy mustard, and big water bottles - and everyone nearby chowed down. I hated spicy mustard but hunger overcame taste buds.
Dinnertime came and went; Amber had been working next to me for most of the afternoon and we made a good team, but it got to be about 9 pm and we decided to go back to the hab and collapse.
Coming out into the main section, most everyone was just dragging themselves forward physically, but I could tell we all had a little perk-me-up in being able to do something useful and keep our minds off of being imprisoned. Going back to our hab, we had a lot of stops for hugs along the way as a way to greet everyone who walked by.
Showerhugs Take Off
Back at our hab, Amber and I found Jo and Jamie had just gotten in, also, so we all went for showers at once.
The showers were really crowded, since lots of people had decided to work late but wanted to get done before the lights went low. As I walked in, a fair number of people were standing under the showers hugging -- some boy-girl couples, but mostly girl-girl couples. There were no guy-guy hugs, but there weren't enough guys to have us hug each other much anyway, and I wasn't sure I was going to be into naked-hugging another guy. I was pretty secure in being straight, but it was just a little weird to contemplate.
Yes, I knew this was a double standard, but I'm being honest here, that in the before where I grew up, girl-girl homosexuality was a lot more accepted than guy-guy. Attitudes varied a lot. Younger people didn't care much usually, but older people did. When I was overseas (mostly on geology field hikes), I found cultures varied a lot.
Regardless, the moment I walked in, though, there were many offers of showerhugs, or 'Showerhug Kevin!' and I was well-drenched before I even stepped under a showerhead. My habmates were amused but I think a little jealous, until others started hugging them, too, helped by my question, 'Showerhug... Kevin's habmates?'
Boobs are fun. They point, they pout, they bounce, they dangle. They compress when pressed, and spring back unperturbed. Attached to the front, they are apart from the torso and yet define its boundaries. They were fun to play with and pleasantly sensitive to touches.
They were focus-grabbing for guys as we imagined hand-grabbing, lip-smacking, body-touch possibilities.
I got many showerhugs, with boobs pressed against my chest, caring hugs with skin on skin that delighted my senses and drained away a lot of the pains of carrying heavy crap all day. Not all the pains drained, mind you, just some, but getting the emotional gift that came with people approaching me, was really nice.
Even though people were showerhugging me, I hadn't really approached many others yet at that point, and I realized I was not getting into the spirit of it and taking the emotional risk of asking for one.
The first one took some gumption to walk up to someone, while naked, say my name, they say theirs even if we know each other, and open arms to hug them. Even if they had just gotten done hugged someone else, it was a little bit of an emotional risk to put oneself out there and try it the first time. Really, the first few times I tried it, it was like that, but afterwards, it was very freeing. Always, in the showers before, I'd had my personal space, my sort-of fear-zone, especially with strangers.
I was starting to really know these people around me, by name. Really, I always knew people's names because they just stuck with me, so I had to pretend I didn't know their name and ask for it and thus not seem like a know-it-all, I thought. Here, it didn't matter, people already knew me and I knew them, so I greeted people by name to start with.
Other people were getting to know each other better, too; being introduced by name can really cementing people's name-memory if that introduction includes full-body skin contact.
Showering took longer than normal, I'd spent a while just standing under the hot water holding someone, in the end Jamie, for quite a while.
On the way back to the hab, the gallery lights finished going down to night levels, we sat for a while in the midhab, just chatting about what we did. I was mostly quiet since I was so tired, and I started to go to sleep on the couch right there between Amber and Jamie. Suddenly everyone was headed for bed. I was bushed enough that I just brushed my teeth right there and spat into a washcloth.
As I put my toothbrush away in my locker and wiped my face, I realized I hadn't shaved in 4 days, and I was getting a pretty serious beard. I wasn't used to it, and I knew it was something I was going to have to talk about with the girls, if they wanted me clean-shaven or not. My mind drifted into wondering what I would look like, maybe like a middle-eastern imam, with a long beard, sometime in the future...
Snapping me out of it, Jo said, "Kev, come here." We were in our own top bunk this time, so I had climbed up and crawled in, naked, and waited for Jo to come back from the bathroom. She did, turning out the lights but leaving the door open for someone else.
I was half asleep already.
She came up to the top bunk and crawled in beside me, skin on skin, rubbing wonderfulness. I tried to say something and couldn't, it came out as a mumble.
She spoke tenderly. "Good night, Kevin," and kissed me, then, right up next to my ear, said, "I love you, Kevin." I may have smiled, I'm not sure.
I woke up in the middle of the night and had to pee something fierce, so I climbed out and pulled on sweats, which is a thing if you don't have them set out already. On my way out, walking through the front room, I saw all 4 girls were in the bottom bunk, in a row spooning. They were wearing t-shirts, though, not bare shoulders. That answered that question, I thought. That they were all there at once, that answered the other question, of whether our room was the only one doing that.
Going down the row of habs towards the bathroom, I heard some snoring, which could not have been comfortable to sleep near. At the next row, though, I heard giggling, and some rhythmic grunting. I slowed down to listen, and wondered if that made me a perv or not. I decided it was okay since I was standing in a public space, and just stood there. It was a bit after 2 am, so most everyone had to be asleep, but not these two. The guy was grunting a bit; I heard a slap and then a deep moan from a girl, that turned into oh-my-god's and Yes-yes-yes's. It was kind of a turn on, listening to this, but my bladder was taking over.
I did my business and went back to the hab. The formerly loud couple was quiet when I passed the second time, and I heard no others, so most people must be asleep. Listening to that had gotten me a little horny, though, so when I came to bed I was in a mood to see if Jo wanted to do anything. Crawling in beside her, I came up behind her and spooned her, rubbing my hands over her nubile, sleek body.
My hands ran over her hips and down her leg, then up again, across her stomach and over her arm, up a bit over the top of her boob, and hugged her to me. She snuggled into me, backwards, pressing up against me, and I realized she was plenty awake. I whispered, "You like-a da hanka-pankey?"
I heard her almost laugh, sleepily. She whispered, "I don't want to wake the others. Everybody had a hard day."
"Okay by me. Can you keep quiet?"
She rolled on her front and said, her face sideways to me, "Climb on my back."
"What?"
"Lie on my back. You'll figure it out."
"Oh." I moved over to lie on her back, and her legs spread out to let me lie between them. I reached down with my hand and caressed her butt, then her thigh, and then decided to push my hand down her stomach to reach, then down between, and found her hand already there. We touched fingers with a press, and she moved her hand aside to let me use mine.
Pulling my hand out and filling my fingers with spit, I brought it down again and rubbed down her cleft, the spit making it easy to push my fingers in. I pulled them out, rubbed them across her clit, and then back and in again. Her breath caught, and over the next few minutes of this got more and more gaspy.
My cock was hard, and pressed against the outside of her thigh, so I moved up and centered myself. Her hips rotated a bit as she reached back under her stomach to try to guide my cock in, but I said, "No, I got it."
She pulled her hand up and I put mine under her, and managed to find my cock and her pussy just about perfectly. I slipped in just a bit; she had an odd resistance. As before, I thought it might be dryness, but it was just being a very tight fit. Repeating my in-out with slow advancements, I pushed farther each time. I said, right in her ear, very quietly, "You are incredibly tight! Wow. This is incredible!".
"Mmmm, hmmmm!" she agreed, "You're stretching me... you're so big!"
I knew I wasn't that big compared to other people, I'd measured, 6.4 inches, just about the international average.
Back in the moment, I pushed all the way in, and set up a rhythm. My hand was right there, though, so I tried rubbing her clit at the same time.
Let's just say that had a positive effect.
As my fingers went over her clit, she gasped into the pillow, "Ohhhhhhhh, Oh my god, Oh, Yes, do that. Do That."
Thrusting and rubbing, I pushed into her and made circles around her clit, pulling out slowly and thrusting in all at once. To get leverage, my left hand was under her shoulder, pulling down on it, like doing a pull-up as I pushed my hips and sank my cock into her perfect-grabbing-pocket. I could feel her breath coming from the pillow, our mouths were close together but breathing the same air, it got hot and that got old fast. Moving the pillow solved that, and the side of her face was against the mattress was lower and obviously more comfortable.
Resuming, I thrust again, and it was a small surprise again, going ever deeper in her, and my fingers crossing her clit and going down slightly along the edges of her lips around my cock, then up again.
Her breath came quicker, and she started bucking against me, pushing back and making "mmmmm ooooooooo mmmmm ooohhhhh!" noises almost screamed into the mattress. Her pussy, I could feel, clamped down on me, convulsing on my cock.
What's to say? Wow.
The sensations of feeling every single centimeter of my length go in, and then get squeezed tightly was too much, it pushed me up, and up, my vision going to stars and exploding as I came, convulsing into her, spurting and pushing myself, thrusting deeply, fully, pulling myself in by pulling down on her shoulder.
We rode the wave together until it slowed, and my automatic lower-back-thrusting convulsions stopped.
My cock was still in her, but my fingers were still around her pussy. I shifted them, and she said, "Oooooo, yes."
I took that to mean she wanted another one, so I kept them moving, circling a bit. I was mostly spent, emotionally, but she sounded like she needed help, so kept going, bringing my fingers up and down, lightly pushing in with my cock at the same time.
Her movements became more urgent, twisting under me a little, and a constant stream of, "yes, right there, yes, like that, keep doing that, oh, across, faster.... Yes., Oh, fuck, yes, fuck. Wow... wow... I can't ... Wow, believe,... I 'm .... I'm ... coming again...yes, again, I'm coming, I'm coming, YES, YES, FUCK! Oh My God FUCK! AHHHH" She screamed into the mattress, which muffled it a lot, but what she was saying was clearly audible. Her body stiffened, and I felt her legs clamp inwards against mine, her back arch up against me, and huffing, fast breaths before she collapsed quickly forward, again convulsing the other way.
She was a mad woman, twisting, holding, and moving fast. Her second come was objectively stronger than the first, helped by my fingers stroking up and down almost lightly on her hard-nubbin clit.
My cock popped out about halfway through her coming, but the clit stimulation was enough to keep her going.
She finally grabbed my hand and said, "No, stop, too much, too much," so I stopped, pulling my hand up and rolling off to her right. She just lay there for a while, breathing, every once in a while her body would quiver in a mini-shake, and she'd say, "Ahh... "
I smiled. I had brought joy to her, which was my goal. I said, "You sound happy."
She smiled, broadly, eyes closed I could see. "Yes. That was ... out of this world. The second one is always bigger than the first, but I haven't had seconds that often. This position totally, totally works for me."
"Gotta say I agree on that part. You were convulsing around me. Your vagina has serious muscles." I was grinning myself. "Much like your arms, I seem to have found a very strong woman."
"You bet your ass, buddy!" Her voice was starting to go dreamy, though, and I realized we were both getting cold, so I pulled up the blankets. As I did, I heard the bed creak below us, and a head appeared. It was Dana.
She whispered, "Middle of the night, huh? I would be mad for waking us up, but the sounds of that made it really interesting listening."
Jo said, "He did me from behind, but lying flat. I've done it before, but this worked Really Well this time. Oh my god. Really well."
Dana nodded, "Good to hear. You want company?"
I said, "I think tonight I'm going to cuddle up here. You can cuddle down there, too..?"
"Oh, we are. It's not the same as with you, but there's more room." She paused, looked towards Jo, and said, "Good night, Jo. I love you." Jo said, "mmmm!" She turned to me, stepped up on the bedside, and I leaned over and kissed her. She said, "Good night, Kevin. I love you."
"I love you, too, Dana. Good night."
I got the covers squared away, tucked around my happy bedmate, and went to sleep, clear through until morning reveille.
Aches Day
Waking up, I tried moving and found I was far more stiff than I thought I'd be, but I wasn't the only one. Everyone was moving slowly and trying to stretch a bit as we went.
Walking up to the bathroom area, a sign taped to the wall said, "ALL HANDS MEETING / CAF 7 AM / EARLY DAY / WAKE YOUR HABMATES"
Our hab was up and it was only 5:55 am (I rolled out quickly), but very soon girls who came up behind me started walking down the hab galleries shouting the news to habs that had their doors closed. Doors opened, and sleepy people emerged. This would get people going. I realized we'd all probably showered the night before, but I wanted a fresh one in the morning usually because sex isn't a great smell to carry around all day. Jo was with me, probably for the same reason. Or, it could have been companionship. Or, just because her normal mode of operation was high-speed-low-drag (HSLD).
I should mention that 'HSLD' was a phrase my ROTC college friends used to refer to fast things, short flat-top haircuts, and certain girlfriends, and I liked it. Jo was definitely HSLD.
We got into the showers and there was almost no one there yet, but it filled up very quickly. I got quite a few showerhugs, mostly leaning and reasonably brief, a touchstone of delight before getting the required stuff done. Everyone was obviously draggy from so much work the previous day.
Just after I finished rinsing shampoo (ok, really soap, shampoo was becoming a mythical substance belonging to a previous existence). I opened my eyes to find a girl standing there, patiently waiting and smiling a big smile. I sputtered, "Oh, hello!"
"Hi! My name is Cathy. Cathy Lon-er-gas.' [she pronounced it so I could get it easily] She held out her hand to shake it. I shook her hand, and tried to hold my eyes On Hers. It was a struggle, she was freakin' beautiful. As I let go my hand, I followed the view of it and had trouble breathing. Her bright red curly hair (wet, dripping down shoulder), the pert, gravity-defying, B- or C-cup, giant-nippled pointy boobs, the totally six-pack set of tight abs with a patch I couldn't focus on for fear of being rude. I tried to disguise my amazement at her beauty with dripping water and by pushing my wet hair out of my face.
I said, "Kevin. Kevin Kooper."
She said, "Oh, I know you! As if! Here." She opened her arms, she wanted a showerhug. Of course, I stepped forward a little, but then as she came into my embrace she pushed us back into the water, saying, "I need the water in the morning, wakes me up."
"Yes, it does." My hands were around her back, and I rubbed her back a bit, up and down, as lots of people did. I said, softly, into her ear, "I have no right to this. You are so beautiful."
She giggled, "Right to the beauty thing? Stop that. This is skin. Everybody needs skin. This is fabulous." She paused a second and got real, and said, "Kevin, this is the best idea. The. Best. Idea. I have cried so much in the past few days, and this thing, It Helps."
"I'm glad to hear it, it started as a joke played on me, and I tried to turn it around."
"It worked." She paused. Her hands roamed my back, the water sprayed over us, sideways, and we turned slowly. Her breasts pressed into my chest, pointy nipples and all, and I felt my cock brushing against her thighs, almost between her legs. It was waking up, this stimulation would do that. She said, "I feel your penis. Don't be embarrassed, it's okay. You probably feel my boobs."
"Yes, of course I feel them, they're poking me deliciously. This skin is great. Oh, and thanks, mind of its own down there. Can't do much. Way it is. I guess I'm decreasingly embarrassed by it -- having a boner in public, that is, in the showers, in my hab, everywhere. Given what I see daily now, there's, like, no other option."
"My arrow does that, too. Walks around with it out, in the hab. It's kind of odd."
"I guess we're all getting used to different things... Gotta say, though, you really are beautiful, like, objectively. You've gotta know that, though. I only saw you from the front, but if this butt is anywhere as beautiful it feels, wow. And your skin is great, and boobs, and your stomach, and your eyes. You're amazing. Your arrow is very lucky."
"Oh, he is, but he doesn't know it yet. We started rotations last night after us girls had a long talk, then we sat him down and talked with him about rules. We were up late. He had been getting in bed with two of the girls in the backhab, and ignoring the rest of us." I noticed we were all starting to use the same lingo.
"Stupid, stupid man," I said. I meant it.
"Sure, ya betcha."
People were coming in and going out. It had only been two minutes or so, but that was a long time with her.
I said, "I'd like the chance to do this again sometime. I like talking with you." The implication was we were done; mostly, I needed to get going. I continued, "I can't believe I have to say this, but ... I have to go."
"M'Kay!" Her almost flippant, lighthearted mood lifted my spirits even more. She gave me a final squeeze and said, "Thank you, Kevin. See ya!"
"Yep!"
I finished rinsing off, including rubbing down my legs and getting between my toes. As I stood up, my back to the wall, my hands went to rub my and splash my butt. Right in front of me, though, Jo was standing, looking a bit bemused.
"I'm noticing," she said, scanning up and down my body, "that a certain redhead had a certain effect on you."
I chuckled, and somehow managed to get my hands off my butt in an almost-normal motion. I'd seen lots of people rub their butts in the showers, but it was a little different when you're standing there letting the water stream down over you alone, and having a beautiful naked girl you've just slept with standing in front of you, watching your movements as you rub down your asscrack and touch your anus to ensure it's really clean. It's kind of an odd situation, really.
Jo moved in and showerhugged me, tightly, pulling some of the air out of my lungs, "I will help you with that a bit later if you like."
She meant my semi-hard penis, not my butt-cleaning, thought the thought occurred to me it was slightly ambiguous. I had to respond as if she'd meant the right way. I said, "I'd Like, I'd like!" My hands went up and down her back, and briefly over her butt and squeezed it and pulled her to me, then up her sides and around her shoulders again, painting all of her skin with water.
"Good. Now. Let's go, we've got to eat before the meeting."
"Agreed."
We pulled apart, and headed for the cubbies. Jo was holding my hand, probably to ensure no more showerhugs interrupted our progress. Asserting ownership, in a way, solved that problem, and although I liked it, it bemused me that it was necessary.
Drying off, though, I got several more hugs from girls coming in, pressing themselves into me. I greeted them all by name, since I knew most people's names by now. Both of them were girls I'd worked with the day before, setting up stuff. They were delighted, I think, that I remembered their names. I introduced them to Jo, my habmate.
While Jo and I were still drying ourselves, among a variety of people doing the same thing, something occurred to me that needed naming. I said, "Hey, Jo?"
"Yah?"
"You and I are paired for the night, and the day, right? So, this seems to be the common setup, Cathy was saying, too, each girl gets a guy for a night, right? And, the guy is the arrow. Shouldn't we have a name for which female has 'the day' with their arrow? It's like, the males, they're 'on' most every day, but which female it is, that rotates, and we should have a name for that sort-of role, right?"
Jo thought for a second, but the girl behind her said, "Wow, that's absolutely right. We need a name for that."
Another girl said, "The IT girl isn't good. The Daygirl? No....
Someone from behind me said, "Well, the head is the Prime. We've got that, that's the leader. 'Second?"
"Naw, not that." It was a guy drying off. "Nobody's going to want to be 'second'."
The first girl said, "How about, Alpha? It's kind of like with dog packs, there's an alpha male, and an alpha female. We could just call the female whose day it is, the 'Alpha'."
I saw some nodding heads. To the girl that just spoke, I said, "What's your name?"
She said, "Beth. But, I'm drying off." She chuckled. Asking for someone's name was becoming kind of a code asking for a showerhug.
I laughed, "No, just wanted to know. Beth, why don't you tell Mayor Sophia, and ask her to announce that? That way, everybody uses the same word, it'll be easier."
She nodded, "'Kay. I'll tell her. I think she's worried about something, though. I saw her just now, and she was jogging, looking for somebody."
"Right." I looked at Jo, "Let's book it. That might be us, and I need breakfast."
Jo nodded.
I looked back and, "Thanks for the word, Beth. Good job."
Beth's smile, a perfect-white-toothed gleaming-eyed happy-package, was all the reply I needed. Her almost-crew-cut on one side and long hair on the other would make her easy to spot from a distance going forward. Her looks weren't as appealing to me as some others, but that effervescent face said it all.
In the galleries, people were hurrying about, going to and from the bathrooms, or walking to the cafeteria at a good clip. Jo and I dressed alone. I pulled on running shorts and hiking boots, even though it was cold; I could wash them easier. Jo wore what most wore -- dirty jeans. I hoped we'd get access to some washing machines soon. Her jeans were kind of stinky, with goat poop, she said, but she didn't have time to wash them, and they were just going to get more goat poop today, she said.
This looked to be common, as most of the jeans people were wearing had now had 2 or 3 days of crud on them. But, it's silly to wear your best clean clothes to walk around in and kneel in wet dirt.
Tasking
Getting to the cafeteria, we found it bustling with people trying to eat before the meeting at 7. Our habmates were already chowing down, mostly with grape-nuts or raisin-bran cereal and boxed Parmalat or soy milk. I really lamented not having coffee in the morning, but making enough coffee for 500 people would need some big coffee pots and all they gave us was containers. It made me wonder whether we'd eventually get kitchens...
Just about the point I sat down with my food, it was 7, and Mayor Sophia was calling from the front stage. We all tried to be quiet to hear, and there was shush'ing until a couple of giggling 'oh-ma-gawhd!' girls shut the hell up.
"ATTENTION!" she shouted, "ATTENTION! It has come to my attention that we are FAILING. I just did a quick census of what's been done, and what's remaining of the animal unpacking. We have too many animals still in unopened shipping containers. They're going to start dying if we don't get them out really fast. So, we have to organize better. Upstairs, Level 1 set the bar on this one, they put people in groups the first day and they're a lot farther along than we are, or at least it looks that way. We're not even sure we got our census right."
She let the murmuring go on a couple of seconds, then went on.
"I'd like everyone to divide up into 16 groups of ... 32 people each. We'll do it by hab numbers. Galleries A to H, each gallery split into habs 1 to 4 in one group, and habs 5 to 8 in another group. Make sense? Right. We have 16 sets of animals. I think they're doing everything by 8's on purpose. Each group, we're going to leave in about 10 minutes, as soon as you can snarf your food. You're going as a group to your animal's galleries. You're going to work starting in gallery 1. You're just going to make sure they're contained, they're out of their shipping containers, and have minimal water to survive, then go on to the next gallery. Food can wait until they're all out or you have a spare minute."
"We meet back here at Lunch-Ho, Noon and redeploy. From NOW ON, Every Morning at 7 we do this meeting! Until, that is, we've gotten enough set up that nothing's going to die in the next 10 minutes. Understand?!?!?"
We all nodded, more or less.
"Next: Go thru your animals and find out what percentage you've done, and report back at lunch-ho with that info. Got it?"
"So, deployments -- who goes where. I've got a system. Some animals take more time to get out than others. The chickens haven't all hatched yet, they're simple. The ducks, some have hatched. The sheep, they're babies but they're eating grain, they'll be fine for a while as long as they have water. The rabbits, we've got to make sure the enclosures are done, we had an escape yesterday of about 10 of them! But, we got them back."
So, Here's the deployments: Gal A hab 1-4, you're Rabbits! Gal A, hab 5-8, you're ducks. ..." She went on, listing out geese, sheep, goats, piglets, insects (we had Bees, dung beetles, worms, butterflies), fish, capybaras, alpacas, etc.
"Ok. Everybody ready? As soon as you are, head out. We've got to keep our animals alive. Put some hurry-up in your step, we've got to keep going on the vital stuff."
"If you're not actively working on something vital, move on to the next thing. Also, if we get done with ours, we may be called on to help with another level's work, if they have some accident or problem, we all need to be able to lend a hand."
"Thank you everybody! At the end of this thing, maybe we won't starve to death. See you at noon for a check-in. It will be fast. If you just want to send your prime with the assessment, that's fine, but there may be revised assignments then."
She stepped down. I asked Jamie, next to me, "Can you remind me to put that speech on paper? They're going to want it for later."
Werk, Werk, Werk...
So, our hab worked together all day, grabbing the quickest of meals at noon, listening to 'keep going' as the only announcement from Mayor Sophia, and then back hard to work until dinner-ho, and again out to do some more work, and right up until well past the 9:30 night-warning.
We got the system down that day, by the end at least. We were close; 20 of 22 rabbit habitats were done. We could tell we still had a week of follow up work, but at least we had most rabbits out, fed, and watered. They were baby bunnies anyway, so they didn't eat a lot, we could probably leave them be for a couple of days without deleterious effect.
The lights went to night-mode as we were walking to the showers, but we found the bathroom lights stay on all night at about half brightness. Even though we were really late getting there, it was packed. Not many people were doing showerhugs, we were all too tired and it was too close to bedtime.
I did get some 'naked-hug-Kevin!' people, which (of course) I loved and semi-enthusiastically hugged back. Other than that, we were all back in our hab and really tired. Of course, I forgot to bring my toothbrush, so I had to go back to do that; the girls had done it already which explained how I beat them out of the showers.
Getting back into the hab, most of us were in bed. I realized it was my first night in the front. I got changed into underwear and a t-shirt, on principle that I shouldn't be walking around naked even if I'm going to sleep naked.
Heather wasn't in bed yet, but Kim was.
I walked up and crouched down, looking in, "Hey."
"Hey."
"I haven't said good night to you yet, and I believe Heather is Alpha tonight."
"Alpha? Is that what you're calling it?"
"A girl in the showers came up with the term, we were casting about for a good one. She said, it's like packs have alpha males and alpha females, and so, the girl whose night it is gets to be alpha."
Kim nodded, "Good enough name. Fits, I guess. Since you're the arrow, she could be 'Notch', ya know?" Kim was grinning widely.
"Uh, might be too late. Dunno if the group decision in the shower drying area reached Sophia yet..."
"Yah. Still. I like notch. It has nice overtones..." Her smile was almost provocative.
"Oh, I got it. Could also be, 'Quiver', as in..."
She laughed and said, "Yeah, yeah, where the arrow goes. Got it."
"So, is Heather coming, or...?
Kim caught the implication, "Oh, yeah. Ok. You're top backhab, I'll get going." She crawled out, but as she passed me, she stopped me from going forwards by putting arms over my shoulders. She was taller than me, so that made sense. She said, "Wait."
"What?"
She stepped into me closer and put her head closer to mine, and waited for me to kiss her.
Softly, looking into her eyes and doing a caring half-smile as our mouths approached, I said, "Good night, Kim." Since she smiled and blinked approvingly, I kissed her, one of our first kisses, at least recently. I pulled away slightly and said, "It's new and I'm only learning, but I love you."
She said, "Thank you." She kissed me back, a solid kiss but closed-mouth, and kind of sweet. "I... Okay, I love you, too," and went into the backhab, where I heard vague conversation and some laughing.
Heather walked in from the bathroom wrapped in a towel, and passing me, poked me in the chest with smiling mock-anger. She said, "You, sir, are too loud."
"What?"
She was smiling. This was a fake complaint. "You're too loud. You make the girls in the backhab scream loud orgasms. It keeps me up."
I adopted a fake-uppercrust-British accent and said, "I do nothing of the kind. I'm a perfect gentleman. I cannot force anyone to have orgasms, I'm merely happenstantially present...when such occurrences, ah, may or may not occur, through no fault of my own!"
She laughed. It was good to hear her laugh. She said, copying my accent, just as badly, "I see, there, right-o what-what. Your assertions are contradicted by personal testimonials given by those affected."
"Oh." I said, going to a smarmy Jersey accent, "So, fine, ya gat me daeh. I guess I'm, like, needn' tooz beez, uh, plead-bergening then?"
She hung up her towel just as Amber and Jamie came back in the hab, put their toothbrushes away, and noticed Heather standing there, naked, arms crossed like she was angry but a giant funny smile on her face.
Jamie said to Heather, "Hey! So, what's with the 'tude, dude?"
Heather was looking mighty sexy standing there, and I was scanning up and down her body while she was talking with Jamie, but looked back and caught me starting at her triangle-patch. My eyes went up, appreciating, and caught hers. I put on an 'oops'-eyeroll face.
I spoke up, "Heather was enlightening me that apparently some vocalizations from backhab are audible here in fronthab. I would apologize for any disturbance, but ethically, I'm not sure I'm technically at fault."
Amber, nearly always silent, spoke. She was changing in front of her cabinets and didn't turn around, but said, quietly and straightforwardly, "Ethically, you're participating in a joint event. You bear joint responsibility with the person making the noise, in direct proportion to the causal path that led to that event chain. Thus, for most foreseeable event chains resulting in noise, your direct stimulatory efforts show at least 50% culpability."
We all turned to face her, appreciation on our faces.
She continued, "Sui generis excepted, of course. Though, I have a feeling it's moot since we all seem to desperately want to repeat the endeavor." Turning around, she saw us staring at her, slightly slack-jawed.
I decided to break the silence by going back to the smarmiest Jersey accent I could muster, "I gat your evendtz-chaainzz right 'earrrr, babyeeeeeee!"
They all laughed; Amber shook her head at me and pulled on a t-shirt, hiding her fabulous body. Jamie did likewise and they both climbed the ladder. Heather shut the midhab door and the outer door, turned out the lights, having not put on a t-shirt.
I welcomed Heather with open arms, but she lay next to me, face up, though with my arm under her shoulders. I turned over to be on my side facing her, but groaned a little with the movement. It was obvious I was pretty stiff; we all were. Heather picked up on that and we talked for a while about what we'd done that was more or less onerous.
As we talked I idly stroked, and touched, and played with her very pleasant, normal, average-looking B-cup boobs. They weren't anything exceptional, they were just nice. I liked them. They were lots closer to those of girls I'd dated before. Her areolas were middle-sized, and as I played with them, I sort of tickled around them by rubbing over with the palm of my hand.
I thought, hey, keep working the have-fun angle, while wondering if she'd stop me with an over-stimulating complaint.
She didn't stop me, she seemed to like it.
There were so many things I didn't know about each of them.
I raised myself up on one shoulder, leaned over at an opportune moment, and got close, not kissing but almost, to see if she would raise her head to kiss me back.
She came up to meet me, and we held a nice kiss for a bit, tongues exploring each other's mouths a bit.
She broke it and said, "You're very odd."
"Ummm, Okay? Odd-good, odd-bad, or odd-we'll-see?"
"Oh, odd good, mostly, so far at least. Definitely, if I believe your bedmates in back. But, I'm not sure what to make of you. You seem to really deeply care about people, but then, every once in a while, you shun all of us and go do whatever it is that strikes your fancy."
"I don't go to the bathroom in groups. This is not a guy thing."
"I'm not talking about that. Only gay guys come to the bathroom with you. You seem pretty straight."
"So far as I can tell, yep. I like the female form. Yours, actually. I like your female form. It's very nice, you know. You seem to have lots of the right types of bits in all the right types of places. Arms, seemingly, are attached at the TOP of the torso this time, that's good. Your ribs are all *under* your skin, this, likewise, a good sign. Your nose, it seems, is very close to the center of your face, which I find particularly appealing in a woman."
She was laughing.
I went on, working my way down, pulling the blanket and sheet down as I went. "Many kissable spots exist on this body. You've put both of your breasts on the front, and I assure you, that makes them..." I bent down and kissed one, nuzzling the underside and coming up to exhale hot breath on her nipple before covering it with my mouth and releasing it with a gentle touch-lick. "...makes them much more kissable, being frontways. And, they're convex, a much more handy, holdable shape than the concave ones. [she giggled] Really, both of them, [kissing and nuzzing them, then sucking one into my mouth a little but not directly tickling the nipple] seem equally kissable. So, excellent choices in placement, size, texture... Quite directly appealing."
"I'm glad you..."
I interrupted, "Hold on, there are other bits. Down here, we have a very hardbody abdomen, someone has been doing situps regularly, I see..."
"Leg raises, actually."
"Right, right. Yes. And, down a little farther..." I pulled down the blanket to explore some more with commentary. Touching around her belly button, I said, "Here, in this species, we have an obvious major scar. Possibly left over from a traumatic birthing process, or perhaps, some kind of mechanical tether apparatus used to administer large quantities of chocolate, maybe."
She laughed again and said, 'I wish!'
"Still, the scar resembles many similar ones. I believe...." I kissed my way to it, shifting around in the bed sideways, and kissed it, then blew into it and pretended to listen. "No, no, this one doesn't have the sound of the ocean in it. It is, nevertheless, an 'innie'."
She giggled. I was almost tickling, so I kissed a little more firmly.
Moving the blanket down to the bottom of the bed, I came back up her thighs from the inside, picking up her leg as if it was a foreign object. I tugged on it, and said, "Ah yes. In this species, these are attached. Much more durable than in arachnids."
I couldn't stop myself from chuckling a little, but tried to put on a straight face again. "So, this one is equipped with double ball joints and, ah, there seems to be an access port near the juncture."
I bent forward and lick-kissed up her upper inner thigh, and then dab-kissed the rest of the way in, up to her sex. I nuzzled her lips with my nose, following it up with my tongue, bringing it up slowly. "Hmmm. Access port needs adjusting..." I lifted first one leg, then the other, so they were bent and spread more, giving me better access. "Yes, that's it. Mmmmm, tasty!"
Licking up her lips, my tongue touching every part and dipping in a little even, I came to the top and found her clit only barely discernible, needing some licking-at. I maneuvered two fingers and said, "Yes. Something in this port needs adjusting. I think perhaps I'd better check the lube levels..."
Gently continuing the licking, I gently worked up to getting two fingers in, working back and forth, and licked in time with the probing. Of course, this produced the desired result.
"Oooooooo..." she said, and repeated it in a lower octave as I continued licking rhythmically, stroking in and out with my fingers in time with my licking. This had been guaranteed to get my girlfriend off, but I think with her I wasn't inventive enough over time. It's hard to guess these things. And then, she'd run off as if I'd cheated. As if I could ever.
As I licked, I brought Heather closer and closer to orgasm, bit by bit working up to it with slowly increasing, decreasing, and increasing tongue pressure and angles. All the while, I was wondering, where was the line with this group -- was there such a thing as cheating when everybody knows that you're dedicated to 7 girls? Would there be cheating?
Of course, I thought, there is no way around that part. The very idea of 'cheating' was now so on its ear, we all were in the habit of having almost-nonsexual full-body naked skin contact in the showers with multiple people, just because we were so freaked out by being imprisoned. Cheating was back to a betrayal of trust concept emotionally, the physical angle being so odd that the reversion to a pure emotional-pain context made sense.
Despite my chain of thought, my tongue and fingers had been working constantly, and soon Heather came, squirming, thrashing, and clamping on my head with her thighs quite tightly. My head wasn't quite crushed, always a good thing, and I calmed down the licking as she calmed down her big O.
"Oh... Wow! My fucking god that was amazing. Thank you so much..."
"No problem. I aim to please."
She lay back against the pillows, breathing. I grabbed the covers and pulled them up. I was horny, but she was almost snoring. I wasn't going to wake that up. Sometimes, there's a payoff later for actions now, I was thinking. I don't pursue my intent now, and maybe later I get celebrated for having 'great restraint' or something...
Plus, I was tired, too.
I went to sleep, facing the other direction, probably in a few minutes flat.
1 AM Booty Call
I awoke (about 1 am by my internal clock) to feel the bed shaking slightly. On my side, someone was crawling in beside me, and then backing into me. Soft back skin was apparent, a softer butt being pressed up against my soft cock and crotch, and my hand was being lifted over and around the front. I felt my hand land gently on large boobs, not epic, but pretty large, which meant this was Amber. Shy Amber, in the dark, decided to get in bed with me. I hadn't felt Amber's boobs very much (ever?), so I 'stretched' in my sleep and hugged her to me.
I wasn't asleep, and having this in front of me woke me up even further.
Shifting slightly, I backed up a little and ran into Heather, who was behind me. She started, and asked, "What?"
I gave Amber's boob a gentle final squeeze, and turned just my head over to face Heather. I said, "Nothing. Amber joined us. Go back to sleep."
"....Mmmm... Okay."
She drifted off, and I did, too. Heather had been on her back, but she turned to face me, holding around my chest and pressing her boobs in my back. Comfortable now, I went to sleep.
Later, about 3, I woke up again, hearing Jamie coming in the hab door from a bathroom break. She started up the ladder, then paused for a full minute. She must have been thinking. She came back down, took off her shirt and panties and put them on the floor, then looked in our bed. Seeing we were all biased to the inside, she crawled in on Heather's side, and settled in.
Heather, again, said, 'Hummmmu?"
I whispered to her, "Jamie joined us. It's okay. Go back to sleep."
Heather's response was unintelligible and followed by a light snore.
A moment later, Jamie said, 'I didn't say good night, Kev. Or, get a kiss."
I put as much feeling as I could into my voice and I said, 'Jamie? Good night. I love you."
"I love you, too, Kev. Thank you. For Everything."
"Glad to be of service, ma'am... but, let's sleep now."
"k."
I drifted off asleep again and was completely out, I guess.
SLURP THEN ACHE THEN CUTE BABY ALPACAS
Later, it seemed like about 5:30, I was awoken to the absolutely genuinely pleasant thing, a blowjob. Coming awake slowly, I found my cock was being sucked. I didn't open my eyes, it was too good to stop.
Slurp, slurp, smack-slurp, Slurp.
I moaned, uncontrollably, and my hips shifted upwards with some vigor, since this kind of thing is autonomic. I opened my eyes. In front of me, Heather was sucking my cock, and both Amber and Jamie were laying sideways, their heads close to the action, inspecting the process and smiling.
Heather was pretty good, and I was rock hard.
She saw that I was awake and said, "Oh, good, you're awake. That means I can do this." She scooted up me, kissed me briefly, and looked downwards between us to get positioned. Her hips came down on mine, and my cock went into her soft, hot cunt in a beautiful single sinking sit-down motion.
I grunted, "Ugghhhaaaaaaaaaaa" and then grabbed her around the waist and held her tight to me.
She moved forward and back, forward and back, obviously feeling great things because her eyebrows were furrowed in desperation and her mouth was wide open with a half-smile. Yes, she was definitely enjoying it. I felt a hand on mine, rubbing Heather's butt, and another hand on my legs. I called out, "Hey, you two? Can you come up here for a minute?"
They both scooted around and lay beside me on either side.
"I'm wondering... "
Amber said, "You want us to hold her boobs, like you did with Dana 2 nights ago?"
The fact that they'd talked about that in detail was somewhat interesting to me, and both surprising and not surprising at the same time.
I said, "Heather?"
Heather opened her eyes and said, "Sure, that'd be nice."
"Actually." I looked at Jamie, "Jaime, can you get positioned to lick her boob when it comes down? Or, you can feel them, up to you.... If you want."
Jamie moved over and lay flat next to me, and reached up. She fondled Heather's breast and nipple, playing with it.
"Amber?"
"Yeah?" She sounded interested and engaged in this; I was worried that her being more reserved would get in the way.
"Can you dangle your boobs over my face? I'd love to nibble on them while I'm... thrusting!..." I pushed extra hard into Heather, "into this beautiful sexy dynamo here."
Heather responded to this by thrusting down even harder on me. Her movements were fabulous. I moved my hands to her hips and said, "You are so sexy. I'm amazed."
"Thank you."
"I can feel my cock in you, it's going in and out of you. Are you hitting bottom?"
"Dunno... mmmmmMMMmmm" She started making more noises.
Coming into my field of vision, Amber's head came down and kissed me, strongly, her tongue on mine for a minute, and then she moved up, bringing a really large boob right over me. I licked around the nipple, and sucked a bit, rubbing my tongue and lips all around it. The feeling of both a nipple in my mouth and my cock inside a thrusting vagina was heaven.
Heather started grunting a little more strongly, and I felt my cock swell up, pressing outwards in her. She was almost to pop me out, but I didn't want that, I wanted.... To come... And I did! "YES yes YES YES YES, FuUUuuuuuuUUUUuuuck Araaahahaaaa!" I came, pumping seed into her, her thrusting not stopping. I had to slow her so I could get deeper, but "oooahhah!!!!" I spurted again, and paused, and spurted again, my vision clouding even though it was mostly filled with boob. Having to grab something to hold tightly, I pulled at anything, first Heather, by the hip, then Amber, by her hip, too, pressing her breast into my face even more.
I heard a grunt, then a giggle, then another set of giggles, and then, "Okay, if you want to...."
Thrusting, still, I pumped still more into Heather, until I couldn't move, and my pull lessened.
More voices were saying, "mmm". Amber lifted herself up, allowing me to breath freely again, but I heard Jamie say, "Awww, that was fun."
"What?"
Jamie said, lying beside me, "You pulled Amber down right on top of my breast, and she kissed it. So, I said, 'Keep Doing That', and she did. It was nice."
"Oh. Cool! I'm sad I missed it."
Heather had sat up, so she was out of the way, still impaled on my cock but vertical. Amber said, "Oh. Can fix that, if you like it that much." She leaned over me, dangling her boobs again but higher, so I could see, and bent down towards jamie's chest. Jamie shifted to make it easier, and Amber took her left breast and licked up the breast, across to the nipple, then opened her whole mouth and planted a giant suck on it, areola, nipple, and all.
I said, "Wow, that's ... so sexy! You don't understand! I love watching that."
Jamie said, 'Oh, I think ...Ahhhhhhh..... I understand."
Amber pulled herself up, smacking her lips, "Breasts are fun."
I echoed that, "Couldn't agree more!"
Then, just about as we were getting ourselves turned around in bed again, reveille sounded.
The door opened from the backhab just as we were disentangling ourselves, and we got some raised eyebrows from Kim, who was in the lead. She smiled at us kind of like she knew a secret, but it wasn't any secret what we'd been doing.
My muscles were aching all over as I moved around, and I saw similar effects on the others. I went with Heather to the showers, the others having showered the previous night went directly to breakfast. I had a feeling the only people intent on taking showers in the morning were the people having sex overnight, since not only were there fewer people, the mix of guys in the a.m. was much higher than the 7-1 ratio.
Hugs in the hallway, hugs in the bathroom (after I visited the toilet unaccosted), hugs in the showers. I got lots of hugs. Other people, too, were still getting hugs there.
I counted at least 10 people hugging in the showers and then stopped, it was too frequent, Some even held the hugs for a long time. This thing seemed to be spreading around quite a bit.
The same redhead, Cathy, came over to me while I was showering, again, and we hugged for quite a while, which is to say, maybe 5 minutes, standing under the hot water. I knew there was a little contention for showerheads, but there just a few open ones and it was too good to give up. We smiled at each other as she walked away. Mostly we'd been quiet this time; we were all still draggy from yesterday's heavy workload.
Drying off, I asked Jamie, "Do you think any other levels are doing this showerhug thing?"
Another girl, near me, thought I was asking the group and said, "Oh, actually... I did that, yesterday! So, I went with a group -- the mayor asked us -- to the other levels."
The girl next to her was incredulous (and I could see why given the Mayor was kind of conservative-seeming). "She asked you?
"Yep. Asked a bunch of us. Some of us went to the other areas -- A and C. We walked into the shower, announced who we were, and said we were 'showerhug ambassadors'. I think our mayor wants to run for area governor or something, if we do that."
"How'd they react?"
"Said it sounded fun. We demonstrated, like, it wasn't sexy, just skin, and they caught the drift. It was great! There was one girl there who was, I think, maybe super-Christian or something, dunno. She was, like, totally disgusted, like, 'That's gross! You shouldn't do that!" and we all laughed in her face, it was a hoot! They wanted to know where it came from, and we all said you had suggested it, Kevin, the same guy we said that did the transcript."
"And?"
"They came up and hugged us just for that. Copies of it were in all the cafeterias, it's, like, spread all over now."
"Cool."
I piped in with, "I didn't want to be famous."
"Mayor wants you to be, I think, she gets famous because she's the mayor where you live."
"Ahhh..."
"Anyway, finishing up there, nearly last one, I got a showerhug from this really tall girl and it felt like I was hugging my mom! I know, silly. But, like, her boobs were right next to my head, so it was soft, and the hot water, and... major relaxing session. Hard day, soft skin. Just fabulous. Fun to meet someone from another area."
I was still worried. "Did... am I going to come out of this as some sketchy wierdo who wants to hug everyone?"
The girl pshaw'd that. "Oh, NOT at all! We told the story! That, you were just trying to take a shower, and these girls walked up to you and tried to embarrass you by hugging you naked and calling it the 'naked-hug-Kevin!' game. Then, it kind of grew, because you had said at that meeting, that we had too many barriers, that we were stuck under this massive solid granite roof and we had to be soft with each other and remember some of our primate stuff like lots of touch and stuff."
I was confused, "I ... did I say all that?"
"Oh, my habmate heard you the first day, and she came back and told me that's what you said."
I thought a second. "Yeah, I guess. I didn't think I sounded that eloquent."
She laughed. "Well, it's fine. It's a deep thought no matter how it comes out. It's... love! It's caring. We need that."
"True." I saw her point.
Jamie said, "Okay, Mr. famous, let's go."
I said thanks to the girls and turned to Jamie and said, "I didn't want to be famous. Kim did that."
Jamie parroted back to me what I said a lot the previous day, "You do what you can with what you got."
There wasn't any point in arguing with myself.
Ducks!
After breakfast and now-regular 7 am meeting, we were assigned ducks and then baby alpacas. The ducks needed checking on and only a little care, but the alpacas were going to be a lot more work.
The duck gallery, and there was only one, was right next to the nearest lake habitat. There were walk-through openings between the gallery and the pond area that could be closed once we set up the door systems. There were very few actual ducklings yet; almost all were still eggs in incubators, but the ones that were there had very high cuteness quotients.
Once ducklings hatched, they'd fall from where the egg was held into a screened area with water and a small food dispenser. Their poo went through an open grating floor to trays that would eventually have to be emptied. The fun part was that all throughout the hatchery setup in the shipping containers were store mannequins wearing jeans and sweatshirts, more or less like we wear. They wanted the ducks to imprint on humans, apparently, and a mannequin's face was close enough.
After noon, we were reassigned to alpacas, which look like llamas. Baby alpacas are decidedly puppy-like, running and cavorting freely, falling over each other, and jumping around things. The thrust-to-weight ratio of most small animals was well over 1 and these guys would jump sideway suddenly if startled, or run and jump off of each other's back if the mood struck. The main job was getting things done and not just standing there staring at the cuteness.
Getting them out of their cages, fed, and watered wasn't the problem. Heavy things were the problem.
We had to bring the seed bags out over 1 km from the gallery entrance and then run the seed spreaders, and raking in the seeds into the soil with hard-tine rakes. The bare dirt was still a little wet underneath from the nightly automatic sprinkler "rain" shower.
Unloading the alpacas, we found quite a few dead ones, and they were really, really smelly. The instructions said to put them in a wheelbarrow-cart, haul them to the lake, and put them in a specific, smaller lake along the extreme end of the embankment. We had to be careful because we'd be installing a pier/dock there later just for this purpose. The smell was overpowering but once we cleared the dead animals out, the whole alpaca area started smelling better.
After moving all around the alpacas most of the day, later, we ended up helping with lake tasks, along with many other habs, walking around ankle-deep or more, planting reeds.
The pillar-farm lake area stretched off into the distance, which I knew to be several kilometers from the specs I'd read already. To call it a lake area isn't quite fair, though, because it was really a set of deep lakes with small streams that connected them. Each was about 150m square, with both high spots out of the water and flowing tributaries of hand-deep or knee-deep channels between them. We couldn't tell exactly, but nearest lake was clear and at least 10 meters deep, and the air space above it was at least 15 meters high, with massive lights scattered everywhere illuminating the entire thing brightly.
The water in most of these lakes was moving, albeit slowly, and we could see water flowing and splashing down from pipes on some distant pillars. Some of the splashing had lots of steam going with it, but it was hard to see and we couldn't wade or swim too deep in the cold water to get out that far. Granted, it was warmer than the air and ambient stone temperature, so the water must have been circulating around from the places it was coming in steaming.
Jamie and Heather got into a complex conversation, from their mechanical engineering and ecology perspectives, on the purpose for the compartmentalization. Since each deep area was over 2 acres, there was a place for fish below a certain size to swim between sections. Jamie thought the goal was to limit, in the case of an emergency leak or floor fracture, water from completely emptying the area. That made sense to me, but Heather insisted that was beside the point, the goal was to separate areas for different species to live, and for water treatment, since some of the water flowing down the pillars was obviously soapy bathwater. We occasionally got the whiff of sewage, so we knew where the water treatment was going.
Since the lakeshore and lake bottom had deep soil layers (we read the diagrams on the officehab), we were supposed to plant reeds and rushes in the dirt bottoms by standing in the shallows and pushing the seedling roots into the dirt. The instructions were very specific that it was a very high priority to plant these rushes as soon as possible to keep our water supply potable, and to give the fish something to eat as soon as possible, too. There were some fish in there already, some we had to release immediately, and the rest we would be releasing after at least 10% of the reeds and grasses were planted.
The fish came in 5 gallon buckets in the shipping containers lined up in the hallway outside and on the ample shoreline along a wall. We had to cart the bucket, dump it in the water slowly so it didn't stir up too much dirt from the bottom, and repeat.
Watching my habmates, and a few others who came in also, carry these buckets was a thing to behold. We were all drenched from the splashing, wading, etc., so it was both arduous and cold. I admired them, though. Again, I was amazed that the internship weight programs so aggressively got them to the point of being able to carry that much weight, on their shoulders, in both arms, whatever they could do.
I considered myself both pretty strong (based on all that weight training and intramural collegiate cross country running), and someone with pretty decent endurance. These girls put me to shame. I was taking rests more often, bending and planting instead of carrying, and trying to warm up more often than they were. I started thinking there was some kind of competition going on, but they were helping each other out so that theory went out the window (as if we had windows).
Heather was really happy reading about the insects we were going to be releasing, once the reeds were more grown in the next week or so. She said it was a really good ecosystem balance they'd set up, and that by collecting dirt from embankments in nearby rivers and lakes, they were selecting for microscopic flora and fauna that would do well in our lakes.
I mostly didn't want mosquitoes.
Heather said we probably wouldn't have any because there wasn't a lot of animal life for them to use as blood sources; all the animals were over a kilometer away and the airflow was quite deliberately strong going towards the lake, or the sewer smell would have pervaded the habs area.
Heather realized all of a sudden that the dead alpacas we'd put in the water would hurt several of the young fish species. This led to her trying to get me to pull the putrid carcasses out of the water again, but I wasn't in any hurry to do that.
She went over and did it herself, and then decided to go tell the Mayor to discontinue the practice for another week because by then, the fish would be strong enough and old enough to handle it better. I said, hey, great, go for it, so she set off at a jog to get back to 'town' (the hab area). The spring in her step told me she was in her element, this was something she knew a lot about, and was going to make sure everyone who needed to know, knew.
Kim came over and wondered why Heather had run off so fast, and I told the story. Kim was always a little more formal with me, and I didn't know what to do with that. It felt odd, a little like a professor coming up and staring at the thing you're doing such that even if you think you know what you're doing, you're being inspected and evaluated.
She didn't always do it, but she did it enough times that I had to speak up and break the barrier of why she was doing it. Even her good-night kiss from the previous night was so formal it felt odd compared to the others. I had wanted to ask her about it then, but without privacy that was a bad plan. Here, we were alone, so I decided to broach the subject.
Just before I spoke, though, it occurred to me that she was also alpha for the night, so it was even more important to talk.
As she was about to turn away to go back to planting grasses in the ankle-deep water and mud, I said, 'Hey, Kim?"
She paused, "Yeah?"
"Uh, I'm wondering something, and it's something I want to talk about... privately? Plus, I don't know if I'm imagining it."
She nodded, ready for the question, I could tell. "What is it?"
"K. So... It seems, sorta, like you're being a bit more formal with me, than, say, with Heather, or Jo, or anyone else. I know, it may be your personality type or something to be that way, but I'm just wondering. Is it me specifically? Or, is it all guys?
She turned around and squinted at me a little. Dubiously, she said, "You think I treat you differently than the others?"
"Yeah. Definitely. But, I'm wondering why."
She came back over towards me and stopped not that far away, and faced me directly. I noticed her body language, it wasn't confrontation, it was explanation, but it was still far more formal than the way the other girls talked with me. "Kevin, you're a guy, a man, a... 'full-blooded male'. I'm a woman, you're a man."
I sort-of-nodded a 'yeah, of course'.
"Living here, it's very different for me, to live sort-of-near a man. My parents divorced a long time ago and I only have vague memories of my dad. He worked hard and ran a construction business, and was gone a lot, even before the divorce. I sort-of-get what boys are about 'cuz I have a younger brother, way younger, he's just turning 12 now. But, I don't know much about men. You, you're... different than anybody I've ever dated, either. Really geeky. In a good way, really, but you're ... geeky."
"Utterly true."
"Yeah. Well, I've usually dated guys with, like, Fast Cars, or Motorcycles, you know. One guy at college, he was a painter, an art and design major. He was way, way... hugely, spontaneous -- he loved to see me naked, and painted pictures of me. Sometimes he painted onto my body and then took close-ups of pictures of the paint, that kind of stuff. I always covered my face the whole time to make sure I didn't end up on a porn site, but he'd take the pics then turn them into oil paintings themselves. He was really creative."
"I'm ... not that."
"Not at all." She still avoided my question.
I asked, "Do you ... Are you uncomfortable around me? Am I doing something wrong? I can change, maybe."
"Don't be silly. You are who you are."
"I'm trying to... blend in here. I kind of stuck out a lot in college, and I didn't want to, there, either."
She sighed, "Uh, yeah. I can see that. You have this way of interacting... It shows you notice, like, everything. That's a bit disconcerting, as a body language thing. And, you talk more formally a lot of the time, so, I'm thinking that's what you expect."
I objected, "I'm not that formal! I've just tried to be very aware of keeping boundaries clear so I don't overstep. My girlfriends have... Well, I actually have had just a few girlfriends. Things went spectacularly wrong with them, but I think I learned from the failures. I like to think that, anyway. I used to quote back things they said, so I could win arguments or make my point or something, and I didn't really understand that the goal isn't to win the argument, it's to figure something out together. It took a while to pick up on that one. Usually, I lost them in the meantime. They said I was being a know-it-all, and they left."
She squinted and smiled, "But... You do! You kinda do know it all!"
"Duh, no I don't! I am So Clueless! Especially around girls. I know, like, how to be courteous, and how to give good kisses, I think. And, well. Sex. I ... I think I'm doing okay at that part. But, the idea that I know what you personally, or really any girl, is thinking at any given point, that's so incredibly wrong. Sure, I can quote back to you what you've said recently, but I don't know what a lot of the undertone is. You have context, like you're making inside jokes or something, and I'm left out."
"Ahhhh." She was nodding, and smiled kindly at me. "Ok. I thought you were trying to be aloof. Clueless is a much better explanation."
"Aloof? How?"
"Not eating with us sometimes, or leaving the table early. Not coming in at the same times, or going out, or being a part of the group all the time. I thought, well, you see yourself as apart from us girls, so you're just doing your own thing. Do you like eating with us in the cafeteria?"
"Well, yeah! Uh, most of the time. Sometimes, not. Mostly yes... " I thought back. "When it's really loud in there, or you all are taking really loudly to each other for whatever reason, it gets to be a bit much for me - the conversation, the noise level, the hubbub, all that, gets too frantic, and I have to back away and sit somewhere quieter where I can think."
She contemplated this. In the background, distant waterfall sounds made a fun ploppity-plippity-ploop. Since some of them were sewer connections, I thought, really, it's 'ploppity-plippity-poop-ploops'.
Finally, she said, "I think I'm putting this together. It's good to know, but are you talking about this because it's my night? Or... Alpha, because I'm Alpha tonight?"
I said, honestly, "I have felt a little odd with you. If we're going to sleeping closely tonight, I didn't want it to be, you know - complicated. I thought, maybe we could talk something out here so we didn't have problems just being ourselves tonight. Then, we'll be in the middle of everyone listening, in close proximity to... other things happening, too."
"See, Kevin, you're not clueless. This is good stuff, you're okay."
"I don't feel okay. Not with you, yet. You're so formal, kind of measured? It's almost like you're friends with my mother, and you're going to tell her things."
She laughed a big laugh, and stepped closer to me. "I don't know your mother. She's probably a very nice woman."
"Who would be utterly..." My eyes scanned around us.
"Freaked out by this place!" Kim completed my sentence with wide eyes, a shaking head, and then an exhale that spoke of the disappointment and horror at being locked up forevermore.
I stepped forward to her and said, "Kim, I have this other problem, too. It's hard to talk about, because it's... revealing something about my... my feelings, maybe? It's that... you're so... I'm... " I sighed, and put my arms kind-of-up like I didn't know what to do, because I didn't. "I look at you and I see you're, you're utterly beautiful, movie-star beautiful. You're tall, your face is, like, objectively really, really pretty, like classical or something. I totally get that guy wanting to paint you. But, that's, like, to me, sort of a kind of barrier? I'm afraid of it? I haven't dated really beautiful women. I'm freaked enough myself being here. These girls around here, including our habmates? The girls I just meet walking down the freakin' hallway? They're looking at me, and I'm like, "How is it, a girl THAT pretty is looking at me? They are, and you are, like 8's or 9's. Have you looked around? Seriously. Then, I know myself, I'm like a 5 or something. Not in the same class."
Kim stepped towards me, too, and said, "You told us this yesterday morning. We are not all 8's or 9's. You're just biased because you've seen us naked." She put out her arms and we hugged, strongly, and I tried to get over the fact that she was taller than I was.
"Kim, there might be a thing here too, that you're taller than me. It's not just that you're prettier than I am, it's that I have to look up to you, and that's almost like another status thing."
She nodded, I could tell by the movement on my neck and the side of my head. "Kev. Relax. By the way, you're not a 5. You're at least a 7, no matter what. But, I'll tell you a secret."
I pulled back and we looked each other in the eyes from close up.
"You are at least an 8 anyway, if not a 9, because the way that Jo, Lisa, and Dana talk about you, and even Heather this morning - being able to do that for a girl, that's worth at least a couple of points."
"That's not physical attractiveness, though." I was confused.
"Girls see things differently. We bundle in lots of other stuff, like, does he brush his hair, his teeth, clean regularly. Does he drive an expensive sports-car? You know, like antlers. Evolutionary biology says, if a buck has a huge set of antlers, it must mean he's so strong he can afford to waste a ton of energy just on his stupid useless heavy antlers. Sports cars, antlers, same thing. All that adds in, makes a package. You know things, you carry around a big brain, that's worth something. You can do things to a girl. That's kind of antlers material."
"Oh. Got it."
"Up in the fronthab, we've heard the noises coming from your backhab at night, and in the morning. I'm not talking about your noises, male noises. You're pretty quiet. The other noises, those are noises that say something. They say you have 'Abilities'. Plus, I've heard them talk about what you did with them. When I see you, then, later, I also think about that. The package of 'you' has that. I'm not talking about your package, I'm talking about YOU, as a package. The numbers we use aren't all looks. That's how a girl's eyes are different, kinda."
I nodded. I looked at her lips, then back at her eyes. "I don't know if I'm going to be able to do, sort of, in the future, what..."
She stopped me with a head shake, 'No. Stop that. No pressure from me. Let's have fun, and..." She smiled, but with a little mischievous undertone. "It could be that we just end up cuddling tonight. But, maybe not. Maybe not."
Her tone had softened a little at the end, and she was looking at my lips. I bent forward, and her eyes closed, and mine did, too. We kissed, a soft, lingering, slow kiss that wasn't chaste, but it wasn't tonsil-snarfing either. Against her, hugging her, I felt a stirring in my 'parts'. Breaking the kiss, I looked at her eyes, trying to get used to that view, and then closed them again and kissed her again.
We broke apart and breathed a little. She said, "Well. Let's not work quite until 9:30 tonight, if we can?"
"You're prime. You can decide when we go in. We've had a big day already, and it's only 4."
"I'm also alpha. I can decide lots of things." She turned around and trudged through the water for a while. As I turned to continue, my toes squished through the bottom-mud as I moved. Pushing the long, thin seedlings into the mud meant I was laying out a garden. That was kind of appealing.
After about 6, Heather came back with cans of chunky soups (and spoons) for dinner, but we just picked up our stuff and carried them back with us to the cafeteria and ate there. It had been a really tiring day. The cold water on our feet (and the stoop-labor) had taken their toll. Just about everyone there was dragging, we could see it in their faces; the scale of the work we had ahead was beginning to dawn on us.
It wasn't just setup we were doing. Aside from the plantings and fence setup, some significant number of the tasks we'd been doing would have to be repeated at intervals, and that meant a lot of work going forward.
Cleanup Compliments
After dinner we all went to shower, where the conversation was about honesty. One of them had heard this one girl they knew from a different hab, had told different girls different things about her arrow. The conflicting things seemed to show she was worried about him somehow but lying to cover it up.
That made me think about being honest about my feelings with my habmates, so when the conversation lulled a little, I said, mostly to Kim, "Hey, it's hitting me that I'm not doing something that's important."
Kim looked at me, waiting, and the others turned to me, too.
The showers around us were sort-of full, and some people were listening in, but I didn't care.
I said, "You're talking about that girl from the other hab not being honest? I... want to be honest with you all, too, especially about what I'm feeling. The thing I'm feeling is - I'm struck, like, amazed, at you guys, ... habmates. I was watching you today, you were busy carrying more stuff than I was, heavier stuff than I was, trip after trip. I'm supposed to be the big, strong, hairy-chested-man. Really, I'm mostly a geek, but, I'm a guy, and there's all sorts of stuff I'm supposed to do about being that, whether or not I'm really the geek inside. But, You... Really, I'm not supposed to be surprised, I know you're all really strong and everything, and we all worked out a lot, and lifted weights a lot, to get here. Still, the work we're all doing is amazing, you're doing, getting all this stuff moving is incredible. And, a lot of it, is because you" (I motioned with my arms and head to indicate all of them) "... are, impressive. It's kind of cool to be around."
Kim nodded, and the others did, too, and smiled at my compliment.
I continued, "Now, that wouldn't be as surprising, maybe, if you were all built like Helga Steamroller, but, you're not. You're all like Seriously Beautiful. Each of you has a really respectable academic thing going, too, like, cum-laude's and all. So, strong, yeah, beautiful, yeah, and smart on top of it.... You can pass this off as 'Kevin's trying to be nice' or something, that's fine. It's true. I am trying to be nice. But, what I'm feeling, it's that, I got so lucky in terms of who I'm with here, I am confused by that, too. My luck isn't usually that good. I have this kind of feeling like, something bad is going to happen, because, when things go this well, something bad usually happens. But, I'm trying to ignore that and go forward. So, I guess, thank you. And, I'm trying to keep up with you."
Kim nodded and said, "Thank you, Kevin. That's really nice of you to say."
Dana said, "I'm not sure I was keeping up with you carrying things, Kev, but thanks."
Jo, ever the outgoing one, suddenly stepped forward, walked up to me, and said, laughingly, "Hi. My name's Jo. Showerhug?" Before I could answer, she stepped into me and gave me huge, front-complete-shower, complete with head-down-on-shoulder.
The girls laughed, changed the subject, then went on for a while talking about how cute the baby alpacas were, jumping around with gravity-defying buoyancy. I just enjoyed the showerhug for a while, rotating slowly to keep the hot water going over different angles.
Kim spoke up after 5 minutes or so and said, "Okay, Jo, let him finish, I gotta get out of here."
I'd mostly rinsed off already, but after Jo broke off, I did a last-handwave water-brushoff thing anyway. As I did so, I turned around to see a normally pretty circumspect Amber was rinsing the soap off her boobs by lifting them up where the very slightly overlapped, then brushing her crotch and sweeping her butt. There were some ways of cleaning that were really universal, and we all did them. The surprising thing was, it occurred to me, I hadn't seen her do any of those things before. She was a lot more private than the others, and I think I'd mostly missed seeing much of her in the showers.
She shut off her water, and I did the same, and I asked her quietly as we walked, "You're pretty private as a person. This showering in the open thing, does it bother you?"
She nodded, "YES. Can't do much, though. I always feel so fucking exposed."
Taken aback a little, I said, "Sorry I can't fix that."
She laughed almost humorously and her face had an grim acceptance on it. "It's okay. Thank you for thinking about me, but, I'm not sure why you're paying us all these compliments." Her voice had started to turn hostile.
Startled, I looked at her, and I think she noticed my surprise. I had to ask, "Is it less of a compliment if it's what I'm feeling? Am I supposed to be quiet and not TELL you I think you're gorgeous? Or, that you're strong?"
Slowing down, we weren't to the others yet, she faced me, one arm grabbing the other shoulder like she was cold, "I'm not strong. Your implication is that I'm strong for a girl. I'm not gorgeous, or smart, I'm just gorgeous or smart for a girl. You're surprised. You're surprised we can do things, at all. That's not a real compliment, that's low expectations, and it's sexist. Plus, you're not supposed to be enjoying this at all. We're trapped in here, for the rest of our lives. Trapped! No way out!" she shook her hands in a mad 'why?' motion, uncovering her boobs, but I made sure to keep my eyes on hers. The warning bells were going off, and this was not a time to 'scan down'.
She continued, grabbing her arm again and standing with her hip out, daring me with her words. "Our lives are ruined by a long dead president and a bunch of know-nothing paranoids! You're telling me I'm pretty," [she was making fun of me, snarkily saying the word 'pretty'] "and I'm saying, I don't want to be called pretty. I don't want to be a sex object, I want to be a pediatrics nurse. I worked hard, I got into Johns Hopkins. I got a BA in it. I have a year already in neonatal intensive care. I even minored in religion so I could do geriatrics and manage social workers. I want to be what I trained for. And, I'm not going to be able to use it, not for at least 5 years. Who knows after that. So, NO, I don't need the 'kind words'" [again, mocking] "and the 'I love you' when you hardly've known us a week."
She turned and kept walked away, leaving me in the middle of the shower room.
I suspect it was written on her face, though, because as she got to the girls ahead, drying off, the conversation suddenly chilled. I think, also, my expression of being a bit hurt might have given away that something happened. Just as I walked up, I heard Jamie try to say something, but it got a curt reply and a quick departure, towel-wrapping as she went.
Lisa asked, quietly, "What was that about?"
"I could quote the whole thing, but suffice to say she doesn't want to be here, she thinks I shouldn't be happy, I shouldn't tell her she's pretty or strong because it's misogynistic, and, I think, I suck."
"Oh."
There was silence for a minute. They were waiting for me to say more.
"She's right though, I think... I was just now... and I've had moments in this place where I'm genuinely happy. Most of the time here, quietly, I'm just stewing in how this thing is a massive fucking-you-to-death torture-kill, stealing my life, I'm never going to do all the really cool shit I've been dreaming of, planning, my entire life."
I took a deep breath. I wasn't done.
"But, sometimes, intermittently, I'm facing this really sucky life being here, I am happy, a bit, intermittently, but happy, because of who I'm with. And, yes," I said truthfully, admitting it with some shame, "I'm probably a sexist bastard in a lot of ways, only some of which I see and try to fix. So, I guess, I forgot to add to my thing before -- sorry. I'm sorry if I'm happy when I shouldn't be, I'm sorry if I say the wrong things."
Dana, finishing putting on her towel, put her hand on my arm, "Did you say anything more to her than us?"
I recounted the conversation, reciting her words and mine, in a way that I was somewhat uniquely able to do.
At the end, while they were thinking, I said, "So, that's the words, but, I'm in trouble, it looks like. I'm not sure what to do. First, I'm in trouble for repeating all this. It always happens. I echo the entire conversation, and that gets me in trouble, 'cuz, I say it with the wrong inflection, or, it's the 'right words, wrong meaning' thing, like, I Just-Don't-Understand."
I would have sat down if there was something to sit on.
Kim moved over so she was in front of me. "Kev?"
I looked up.
"You're right. You don't get it. Most guys don't. That's kind of... It's something we expect. We have these hopes, that someday the world will be better. It isn't. You're doomed because everybody's doomed."
"And that's supposed to help? Help her?"
"Help you, maybe. Help us." She glanced down the empty shower-exit hallway where Amber had been. "You're right about her being shy about her body, but the fact that you said so, I think she interpreted that as you telling her she was weak. Here you are, all able-to-hug people naked guy, and she's not that person. So, it's not the words, it's who's saying them."
"Oh." I sort of got that, though I still didn't exactly see how I was supposed to have insulted her.
Kim wrapped it up with a, "Let's go," and we did. We'd been dry and wrapped for a couple of minutes as people passed us, standing there in the way of the cubbies. "Don't worry about Amber, I'll have a talk with her when we get back. Maybe... Dana, can you help?"
"Sure, yeah, absolutely." Dana's voice was full of compassion.
I nodded.
On the way back, not just me but all of us were interrupted on the way by groups, and, as had become increasingly common, everyone was giving, and receiving, hugs.
Hab Games
Back at the hab, it was only 8 pm or so, so we pulled on sweats. Kim, Dana, and Amber went out for a walk, and I suggested to Jo and Jamie we could play cards, and chose Gin Rummy.
Sitting there, we played quietly and listened to the occasional group walking by, the temporary voices filling the utter silence that otherwise permeated the place. I began to hear something faintly from outside our hab, and then the 'OH-YES-OH-YES-OH!'-sounds of an impending feminine orgasm. It was coming from somewhere nearby. We all looked at each other and smiled, and mostly kept playing (though I admit to being distracted). Lisa got up and walked to the outer door, then out, was gone for a minute, and then came back and sat down on the floor.
"Well?" We all wanted to know.
"End of the hab across the way, they have their louvers open so sound carries pretty well. Sounds like they're having fun. Arrow and alpha, apparently. They're just finishing, I think."
I asked, "Jo?"
She looked at me.
"Does... does listening to people make love, is that sexy, or weird, or disgusting, or... what is it to you?"
She smiled contemplatively, "It's nice, I guess. When I was a pre-teen and really young, all that stuff was seriously disgusting. It's funny, I still remember thinking that, it's really so-totally-not how I think anymore, but the memory of it, it's like I can still see that perspective. Now, though, it depends, I guess. My parents -EWW. My roommate in the dorm, they'd go into her room and fuck like rabbits. That is, fast, loud, and often!"
We laughed.
Heather said, "I used to watch my roommate doing it."
We looked at her, interested.
"I didn't really have a choice. It was a small room, two single beds, she'd come back with her boyfriend and they'd sleep together, complete with him brushing his teeth in the water fountain in the hall. We'd go to bed, or I'd already be in bed and they'd try to be quiet, the lights would go out, and they'd either do it then, in the middle of the night, or wait until morning. We had a street light outside, it cast shadows, so I could see pretty clearly. I'd be lying there, and she'd be riding him, her boobs just out and bouncing. It was kind of an academic exercise on my part, wondering how long they'd go. Sometimes, they would stop in the middle, turn around to 69 for a while until she came and convulsed on top of him, then they'd go back to it until he came. Sometimes, it was doggie style, sometimes he'd sit on the bed and she'd ride him reverse cowgirl, and I'd see his dick going in and out of her, in and out."
"Sexy?"
"Not all the time. Sometimes, damn, oh yeah, hella sexy, I'd get horny and there'd be a party under my covers, too." She realized what she said, and corrected, "Just me, mind you, I mean, I never would have invited him. He was nice, but they were soooo in love it was a bit sticky sweet sometimes."
"You said, sometimes?"
"Oh, yeah. Sometimes it was just, 'God, just let me sleep!', but that's the only way it worked."
Jamie asked, "And did you?"
"What?"
"Did you bring home guys, too?"
"Oh, sure, but not when she was around. I had a steady boyfriend most of my junior and senior year, but he went to a college near mine and we couldn't always make it work right. He was in law school at Stanford, it was over an hour away on a good day, so we usually met at his parent's house in Mountain View, it was close to him and he had 'harder courses' or something. He graduated and moved to join some big D.C. law firm. He broke up with me as a 'by-the-way I'm moving' deal. That was late last year. I didn't have a very good year last year. Until, of course, I found this thing, which I thought was going to change my life forever!" Her voice sounded mock-happy, and she made a golly-gee-whiz sideways-arm-swing movement.
Jamie said, "You told us this, like some of it, before, but you left out that you ate at his parent's house."
"And stayed there. And got to be good friends with them. I think they thought, like I thought, that I was going to be the daughter in law. We were good together. His mother didn't mind one whit that I was staying there and having sex down the hall from her. Brenda is a great lady. She was so laid back. I think, if she had walked in on us making it, like, with me all out-there and everything - she probably would've just gotten the dirty dishes from his desk and said, "Sorry, don't mind me." Jamie was laughing, but there was a real sadness in her voice, too.
"It hit his parents hard when he decided to move to DC, and then, break up. I talked with Brenda on the phone, and even went over there a couple of times after he left. She invited me to come on a couple of Saturday mornings. She made me pancakes. We'd cry over Tom together. She didn't like what he was doing, either, something about 'giving money to criminals'."
"You couldn't have gone with him?"
"It sounded like he was going to ask me to marry him, from some things he said. Then, with about 3 weeks to go, middle of last summer, we're out to dinner and he says, 'I'm going to DC alone.' I was confused, so I said, 'sure, alone now, then...', and he said, 'No, Alone. I'm going there, and I'm moving there, alone." I realized what he was saying, and I got sick to my stomach. I heaved once, into my napkin, just a little, then I had to get out of there. I uber'd it back to my short-term rental apartment, all my stuff in boxes around me, and I cried for a week... Then, another week. And... it's a hole in me, still."
The 9:30 nights-bell sounded, but still no Kim, Dana, and Amber, so we kept playing. Finally, at about 10 minutes until 10 pm lights, they came in. All three had been crying, by the redness in their eyes. Kim came in and sat down on the couch; we were playing on the floor due to lack of a convenient table. Amber followed Dana into the backhab and shut the door.
I said to Kim, "Can I help?"
She shook her head and stared blankly for a while we played another hand. Something big was up, I figured, but nothing I could do about it. Kim was alpha, so if hugs would help I could definitely assist.
Jo handily won, again. She seemed to have a real knack for the odds, or, being computer science and bioinformatics, she had a solid grasp of something that was useful.
The 10 pm tiny-chime sounded, so we got up and called it a night. We wanted sleep anyway. The outside lights were out, and a few stragglers were walking, but quietly. Everyone knew about sound control being a thing around here., with so much echo available and so little soft material to absorb the sound.
As we got up, we all stood up and started saying our good-night's, which included a kiss and an I-love-you, that was sounding more and more real every time I said it, and every time I heard it. The girls did the same with each other, kissing perfunctorily on the lips and giving hugs as well.
As they went into the backhab, I asked Kim, "I'd like to say goodnight to Amber, but I don't want to get in the way or interrupt talking or whatever."
Kim said, "No, it's okay I'm sure. Give me a second."
She went into the backhab and came right back out, motioning me in.
Kim left, and motioned for Dana to come with her, leaving me alone with Amber lying on the lower bunk. She looked angry. I wasn't sure if I was up for this, but I went ahead. I decided the only way to fight fire was with fire.
"What do you want?" she asked.
"I want my life back. My old life."
"No. Why are you in here?"
"My grandma told me once, don't let the sun set on your anger. I'm fresh out of sun. But, you're really pissed at me, and I don't know why. And, since I don't know what I did, I can't apologize for it. So, I'm pissed at you because I can't fix it. More than that, it's your fault I'm angry, so I'm angry at you twice. So, I figured, I'd better come in here and yell at you for a while, and maybe I'll feel better. You're pissed at me anyway, I might as well deserve it."
Amber looked at me oddly, tilting her head a bit. "That's only one reason, repeated. You're pissed at me because I'm pissed at you. So, that's one reason."
"So, you're telling me I'm wrong about being angry with you? I get a third reason to be angry?"
"You don't get any reasons! I'm the one who's pissed at you!"
"Fine. What the fuck did I do?"
"You were being a condescending bastard back there..."
I interrupted, "I'm a condescending bastard all the time. What's new about that?! I was being a condescending fucktard 10 years ago and I'm much better at it than I used to be. So, you're just figuring this out?"
She was again confused, "You admit to being ..."
"Sure! What I am is not the point. Who I am, I should say. The question is, what did I DO...?"
"You looked at me and told me I was shy. Which means weak. So, you're calling me weak. Then, you're calling me 'strong', and mocking me because you really think I'm weak. 'Cuz I'm a little fucking girl, and you're a big hairy chested man, and 'nanny nanny boo boo, who's better than who! '"
I was confused now. We were starting to get somewhere. "You're saying I told you that you were weak, when I had just told you I was impressed with your muscles being stronger than mine. This's not the greatest argument I've heard."
"You're pissing me off even more. I was okay before you came in here."
"You looked like you were pissed off in the showers. So, you're fine now? Good. Then I can go to sleep, and get mad at you in my dreams where you can't fight back." I was trying to pick a fight with her, but it was hard since my heart wasn't really in it. But, until I got her to confront me, it would simmer and I'd be toast.
"No, I'm not fine now, I'm pissed now." Her face said confusion and 'Duh!?!'
"Right. Okay. So, the only reason you're giving me is that I apparently called you a little girl by sympathizing that you're a more private person than I am, and that must be hard. Oh, and you're weak because you can lift heavy stuff." I chuckled but it was only barely funny.
"Uh... no. No, you said..."
"I take it back."
"What?"
"I won't be sympathetic to your being a private person anymore. I take it all back. Since I can't call you weak, because I don't think that's remotely true, and I can't call you strong, because that means I'm secretly calling you weak, I'm hosed either way. So, I'm sorry that you're weak or strong and that I noticed it or didn't notice it. I'll just say you're mediocre from now on, because among the blindingly obvious lies, I might as well tell that one. Strong, weak, mediocre, it's all the same! Maybe I should pick one randomly and tell different people different things, like that girl you were talking about earlier. But, then I'd be a liar. So, really, I'm doomed. I can't say a goddamn thing, I can't compliment you, I can't insult you, I'm fucking doomed. Oh, yeah, and I'm trapped underground for the rest of my life. So, there is that."
"Don't play the victim here. You are NOT the victim."
"So, who's the victim? You? More than me?"
"Who is the person having sex every single night? Who is the person getting hugs from every single person here? Who got every single person's appreciation in this entire facility? You're no victim here."
"You're holding my Etta against me now?"
"You used it. You chose to go show off."
"Uh, I think that was actually a pretty good idea..."
"Fuck! It's all about you! Well, it isn't! It's not about you at all. It's about us. The women. This is about women. We're not girls, we're not teeny-boppers, we're not over-sexualized adolescent fantasy magical fucktoys. We're people, who happen to be women. It's about us. You men, you get to wave your dicks around and fight wars, and blow up shit, and treat us like shit, and now, you're not in charge. But, you think you are. 'Cuz you're a 'doooood'. Well, I'm not a dude. I'm a woman. I'm tired of being called a girl, I'm not immature, preteen, whatever. I'm a grown-up, full-fledged, smart, capable woman and you're not going to put me in a box."
Now was the time to lose, but slowly. "So, I'm responsible for everything men do? Half the human race, and it's on me?"
"You benefit from it, you own it."
"Do you see me benefitting from it? I'm locked in a cave! How is that benefitting? Me? I was going to be published! I was going to do epic stuff! Now, I'm sitting here, waiting for the world to end, hoping it doesn't because I'm not a psychopath, but, kind of, a little, hoping it is, because if it does then that justifies the shit-stained life I'm condemned to in this bottomless hole!"
"You benefit plenty! Lots of poon..."
I interrupted, "Stop that, just stop." I sighed and my anger was actually real, I was letting it out. "So, the One Thing, the Absolute Best Fucking Thing that ever happened to me, in my entire life, is meeting you 7 women. I'm falling so deeply into your lives I'm dreaming about you and I haven't even known you 2 weeks yet? You're telling me I have to hate everything? Even with the shitty stuff, there's some good stuff. Some Very Good Stuff. That stuff includes YOU, by the way, in the over-the-top-good category, and I'm supposed to feel bad about that?! That's some twisted as fuck shit right there."
I could see she was a little taken aback. We were certainly talking loud enough to be heard in midhab. This whole conversation was only nominally private.
She paused a second. Her anger went to confusion. "What did you just say?"
"Which part? The part where I'm supposed to be in a pile of abject shitstained meat jelly on the floor? Or, the part how I had some inkling, some emotional flashbulb ah-ha moment today that I liked you people?"
"The second one. But it doesn't matter, that's the point?!! You're the reason we're in here!"
"I am? My eyebrows went up. I'm the reason? Fuck, that's Right! I forgot! It's my time machine... My real name is Dwight David Eisenhower, I'm 20, and I've got to get home to 1909 so I can graduate Abeline High, defeat the Nazi's, and then lay out a plan to fuck up your life."
I'd read the wiki pages for each president once, on a whim.
"Don't mock me!"
I decided to change my mood, this was going somewhere, but I needed a change. I said, "Okay. THAT is something I can apologize for. Amber? I apologize for mocking you. Please forgive me."
"Be serious!"
"I am. Here." I got down ]on my knees, in front of her. I began to have some doubts about this plan; if she decided to hit me, I'd be in a world of hurt.
"What are you doing?"
"Amber. I, Kevin Kooper, apologize for mocking you. I also apologize for being male, though I kind of can't change that part. I apologize for calling you names, if that's what I did, for oppressing you, if that's what I did, and anything else I did. Please tell me how I can help this situation and I'll gladly do it."
"Stand up now. I can't..."
"I'm not standing up. You can do anything now. You can hit me over the head if you want, I guess. The thing you can't stop is me. You can't Stop me. You can't stop me from liking you. From, liking all 7 of you. From being seriously emotionally attached to you, for really probably readily explainable psychological reasons, I suppose, despite the short time we've known each other. I like you, Amber. And, I'm sorry. I don't know what exactly I'm sorry for, really, but I'm sorry. I'll keep being sorry as long as necessary. But, I'm not going to hate you. I'm not going to hate all of this, I can't."
She sat down on the bottom bunk again and looked at me.
I kept my face open, eyebrows up a bit, so she knew I was earnest. I said, "I know it's early, but, I'm growing into it. I love you."
Her eyes filled with tears again and started dripping.
Mine started dripping, too. I said, "So, what are we going to do about this?"
"You came in here. How am I supposed to know?"
"Can I sit next to you and oppress your womanhood?" I smiled.
She got a disdainful look on her face. "You're going to oppress me no matter what you do, so, yeah."
I got up and sat down on the bunk next to her.
"Do you really think I'm at fault for us being here?"
"No, of course not."
"Has anything amazing happened to you yet while you've been here?"
"Yeah, sure."
"Do you like our habmates?... You don't have to. Some of them are really nosy and are listening through the door right now."
She laughed a bit, and it was almost crying.
"Well, do you? Do you love them?"
"Of course I do, you utter dolt! They're great. Yes, I love them."
"Well, so do I. And one of the habmates that I like, that I love, is you."
"You don't even know me."
"I want to...? Does that count? Besides, I kind of do know you. I mean, I've seen your butt."
She laughed again. I was making progress.
"It's a very nice butt." I took a tone of fake-criticism, "To be honest, though, I think your left butt cheek is slightly bigger than your right, so it's not perfect. Pretty close, but, you can't win awards. Asymmetrical Butt Syndrome. ABS."
"My butt is..."
Interrupted with a serious voice, "...quite beautiful. Not as nice as my butt, of course, but yours has less hair on it, which is probably a good thing in the long term. For a woman."
She half-laughed through tears.
"Amber, can I tell you something really honestly?"
"Yeah." She looked up at me again.
I looked in her eyes. "I'm sorry you're hurting. I'd fix it, but you're right, I'm a dolt. I don't know how. I'm an engineer. I want to fix everything. But, I can't. There's no set of operations and repair manuals for the Amber Unit."
"I can narrate one to you, if you like. It's going to start with, 'Don't be a dolt.' "
"Well, I'm going to say the wrong things a lot, going forward, probably. I'm sorry for that stuff, too, in advance. In the meantime, I'm With You. Even when I'm not around, I'm still With You." I leaned over and kissed her cheek.
She sniffed. "You think they're still listening?"
"They have to. We're on their bed."
She stood up, and took my hand while she did. This was a positive sign.
"It's still all your fault."
"Okay."
She paused, walking to the door, long enough to turn around; we kissed, a messy wet kiss because she was a little blubbery. I didn't give a crap, I had some wet cheeks, too.
In a mostly-soft but loud enough stage-actor's voice, I said, overexaggerating every word, "Golly, Amber, look at the time. We need to go to bed now. Let's open the door and see if we can find out where our habmates are."
Amber smiled and copied me, not moving. "Gee, Kevin, you're right. I'm walking to the door right now, to open it and see."
We stood there another second. I kissed her again. "Let's go."
She nodded, and we went out into the other room. They were all ostensibly reading novels, but Kim's was upside down. She said, "Oh, there you are. Time for bed yet?"
I said, "Looks like we were in the wrong room. Sorry, homies."
Jo smirked and pursed her lips in a 'yeah, whatever' way, went in, and turned off the lights as she went. Lisa, Dana, and Heather followed her and shut the door.
We all walked into the fronthab. Kim made sure the front door was closed (they didn't have locks), pulled off her sweats, and got into the bottom bunk. I hugged Amber again, and she hugged me back, strongly, before climbing her ladder. Jamie came over and hugged me, too, and we did the good-night kiss-love thing.
I shut off the light and got into bed, then realized I was still wearing my sweats, "Oops." I got out, pulled them off, and got back in again, wearing a t-shirt, underwear, and socks.
Kim said, "What the heck are you doing?"
"Uhhh? Not sleeping in sweats?"
"You're still overdressed. And, for that matter, so am I."
She pulled off her t-shirt and unbuckled her bra, then wiggled out of her panties, put them in a bundle and chucked them across the darkened room.
I pulled off my socks, but just about that time I stopped to see there were boobs in front of me. "Ummmm..."
"Yeah?"
"Can you give me a minute? I'm a little stressed here." I was.
"Come here, I'll unstress you."
"I gotta think for a minute. I can't switch gears that fast..."
She paused and said, "Oh, you're serious... Okay. Do -- Do you want to just roll over and go to sleep? I'm okay with that, we'll just make it a delay-day and you and I can be alpha tomorrow night."
"Let me think. I gotta think." I did. I was preoccupied with the conversation I'd just had, and wondered by my handling of it I had actually made things better or just delayed problems. By confronting, I thought, I'd push the anger into rationality instead of simmering. It was hard to tell if that's reasonable, and even with the emotional contact, who's to say at any given moment if we help or hurt ourselves and others.
I just lay there, replaying the scene in my head, each thing I said, if it made it better or not, what she was probably thinking at the time, all that.
After a couple of minutes, I said, "I ... I ... I need a little bit. Can you stay awake for another 10 minutes?"
She laughed, "Sure. Tell me when you're done 'contemplating'." I was propped up on a folded pillow, so she scooted in by my side and tucked under one shoulder as best she could, an arm over my chest.
After a couple of more minutes, I realized, and said, "I'm sorry. I'm not being fair to you. I'm worrying about whether I helped or hurt, or, could I have said something better. But, you waited for me, you're trying to share a 'boyfriend' or whatever I am, and it's gotta be hard for you, too."
She turned her face up to me, "Dude. You're not in this alone. We tried to tell Amber that, but..."
"Everybody has their own stress thing, and that's Ambers, and that's fine. She's smart, she's capable -- and I think the fact that she's having trouble with this now is that she's just ahead of us. I'm worried that all of you girls... women... are going to spend a fair amount of time hating me, or loving me, or going in between, and I'm going to be bouncing off the walls trying to reconcile... No, be referee, and be love-interest, and be shared-resource. Then, there's the oh-god scenario that I go a little bazonkers and say things I don't exactly mean and burn a bridge accidentally. That would kill me. I really, really don't want to hurt you all. First, Do No Harm, right? I am not that capable. I'm going to fuck it up."
"And what happens if you do? Do you think you wouldn't be forgiven?"
"Pain-then-Forgiveness doesn't usually happen to me. It's usually Pain-then-departure-with-yelling, and I can't forget the yelling. All the yelling. Yelling, and cursing, and meanness. I have the brain-storage of an entire miniseries of videos of myself with various girlfriends or almost-girlfriends, and I don't have happy-glowey pictures like I think you guys do. My images are scenes-from-the-life, they're ALL the images, the good, sure, but the painful, the bad, the hurtful stuff, too, even if it's just stupid temporary shit that was misunderstandings. It's hard to let go of, sometimes."
She said, contemplatively, "You're making a good case for converting to Buddhism. They're very into letting go. I had a roommate once who was into it. Her half of the room was supremely empty. She just had some statues of Buddha, and she lit incense every once in a while, which wasn't that great to study around. But, she was clean, so there was that."
"Dunno. I grew up kind of all over the place, religiously. I'm not sure I could be a good Buddhist."
"It's not a contest, you know. You don't join a religion because you think you could be better at it than other people. That's 'tennis' and it's..." She thought a moment, and said, amazed at her realization, "Well, yeah, so... Tennis is a religion, too. Nevermind." She laughed to herself.
I loved it, too. "That mental image is great! Playing Tennis in tall hats! ... Or, MMA boxing!" I laughed, doing mock-announcer voice, whispering, "Tonight only! It's the Pope, back from a 3-round victory against the Dali Llama, with 3 first-round knockouts! Tonight, he fights Dave, a plumber from Des Moines! They'll fight! They'll brawl! They'll forgive at least 100 random sinners in a single blow! Get your tickets now! Winner to be the Next Pope!"
She laughed, and I laughed a bit, too. I heard laughing coming from the upper bunk, we were being listened to. The hab was seriously quiet. Laughing was relaxing, though. It helped.
Her hand was on my stomach as I was laughing, and she said, "Oh, your stomach bounces when you laugh."
"Yeah? Sure, of course."
She moved the sheet and blanket down, then pulled up the bottom of my white-tshirt and looked at more skin. "What happens if I tickle here...? Do you laugh again?" Tracking a finger across my abdomen and then, sticking it into my belly button and swirling it like stirring a drink. "Anything? Anything?"
I chuckled a little, "Nnnnnnno, just feels like a finger in my belly button."
She said, "Close your eyes."
"Mmm-okay." I did.
She twirled again, but then replaced her finger with her tongue. Her hot breath on my stomach was a noticeable thing. "Now?"
"Uh, not ticklish."
"But, do you like it?"
"Kind of interesting feeling, but not stimulating or anything. Take it or leave it, I think."
"Hmmm..."
Her hands moved a little, and I felt my boxers move reaching through the access hole, then hot breath on my cock, then fingers, and then then a beautiful wet encasement of my entirely flaccid, small, floppy member.
I leaned up in a somewhat difficult sit-up and pulled my shirt off over my head. When I did, though, I gave a really small, squeaky fart.
I was horrified. Kim laughed loudly. I tried to say something, but she covered my mouth with her hand and silently shook her head 'No'. She went back to sucking my cock, pausing after a minute to pull off my underwear and toss it.
As she resumed her cock-liplock, she smacked her lips in a tasty-motion, and said, "Mmmm...Yummy!" Her suction increased, and I felt myself expand in her mouth, her tongue swirling really hard all over, especially over the glans. I couldn't help but moan a little. I whispered, 'Hold up a second..."
"Yeah? I'm kind of busy."
"Quick question. Bring your head up here, it's really private." My brain had been working overtime on something about her, and I had to bring it up so I knew.
She shifted up, and put her ear right next to my mouth. I cupped my hands and said ultra-softly, "I've been meaning to ask you this. You're sometimes, like, dominant in your personality and dealings with people. I read once that sometimes, people who are that way tend to like BDSM more. I'm not much into it, but if it would help you, I can do that. I don't even know if you've tried it. If you like, I can slap your butt on occasion, but only if you don't mind it. Then if you want more, say so, and if not, say so, too, whatever."
She sat back. Her hand was still on my cock, moving up and down slowly. She had inhaled a little when I said that, then exhaled again, like there was something to my comment. She moved over to my ear, and whispered, "I like being spanked sometimes. Not really hard, but as a surprise, as a wake-up thing, it's great. But, I don't like pain that much."
I said, "Okay, I can do that. I need feedback, though, harder or softer, faster, slower, okay?"
She nodded, and went back to sucking my cock.
I said, so she could hear, "Turn around?"
Her legs moved over, and she twirled around to face my feet, then putting a leg over my head and spreading her legs a bit so I could reach my head up while she lowered her pussy onto my face. The pillow was a big help, and I just breathed hot air up on her for a minute while I rubbed her legs and butt with my skin. I was looking up at her sex, her lips already engorged but together.
I took my first lick, flat, from above her clit, up over it and all up the lips, slowly, tasting it as I went. My right hand was behind her leg, and I used my fingers to move her lips apart, spread them, and then probe deeper, working as I licked to get two fingers into her. This caused a stoppage of work on my penis, as she was taken aback by the feelings coming in. I kept playing, slowly dancing fingers around, licking slowly. My left hand, pulling at her butt cheek, could move things a bit, but while she was paused I reached down and found her boob and massaged it a little, rolling a nipple gently and getting a nice response.
We alternated for a while, just licking and stroking each other more as a cooperative venture, since when she was giving really good suction and stroking I couldn't think to move, and likewise with me for her.
Finally, about 10 minutes into it, I decided to up the ante and started with a very rhythmic pushing in and out of her pussy with 2 of my fingers, and twice-speed synchronous licking of her clit. I thought about whacking her butt with a spank, but there was no way to get the angle. It didn't matter. Very soon she started breathing very hard, vibrating a little in her chest, hugging my body, and then, Boom, she came, her 'Ahahhahahaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa Oh Fuck Oh My God FUCK FUCK AAHHHHH!!!!!!!" filling the room.
Inside, my fingers felt her vagina milking me, convulsions going through it, pulling my fingers inward. Very strange, I thought, and kind of cool, biologically, that there would be that kind of inward rocking motion to the vaginal muscle set during orgasm. I replayed in my head the finger sensations I had gotten, and, sure enough, that's how they grabbed me.
Her clit, the whole time, was getting larger and larger, pushing out from its hood. It was really big by the time she came, about like a half of a pencil eraser, hard and well clear of the enfolding skin. As she came, I pulled her to me with my left arm, and then instead of licking the clit, I sucked it into my mouth around puckered lips pressed in, and then tweaked as fast as I could with the end of my tongue.
Suffice to say, this had the desired effect, taking her from a normal-to-good orgasm to an epic one, at least from an outside observer's point of view. Her legs tried to pull up from me, but I was firmly attached by my arms and mouth, not to be displaced. She banged herself into the bed and into me, convulsing and writhing, moaning loudly and somewhat uncontrollably.
The feeling of power you get from giving someone an orgasm is amazing, and the skin contact, the raw animal power, animal smells and tastes, it's just like No Other Thing, giving pleasure and making their body be under your control, not theirs, yours.
Riding the wild horse that way took quite a bit of effort, and I couldn't keep contact with her, so I just stayed still and let her relax into the moment.
A couple of minutes later, her breathing had slowed to a more normal rate, and she picked up sucking my cock again, getting me back to full hardness. She moved, turning around, and as she did I tried to wipe my face on my hand but couldn't before she was on me, kissing me. She bent up, licking her lips, "Oh, I think I taste different than I used to."
"Sweet and delicious to me!" I said, which was entirely true, but it didn't matter, she wasn't listening. She was covering me with her body. She asked, "How do you want me?"
I said, "Missionary, if you don't mind. I want to look at you and feel you under me." I didn't know if I was right about her wanting to be dominated, but I thought, well, maybe I can try it, and if it's wrong, I'll try something else.
She said, "Right," and moved to my side, pulling me over to her. I climbed on top, her legs open and waiting, her arms pulling me and then around my back as I lay down there. Her B-cup boobs were pressed up against my chest, but mostly her tight, muscular body was soft and warm against mine, contrasting with the cool air around us, heating us up.
I leaned up, supporting myself on one arm, and positioned my cock right at the entrance, then wiped up and down to coat the tip again with her juices. It was already hard and wet, but as I brushed over her clit she inhaled and her breath came in jerky gasps.
"Are you ready? I'm ready," she said, "Please, can you? Please, now? I need this. I haven't had anything for so, so long! Your cock, I need your cock!"
"Here you go..." I pushed into her, one relatively slow 10-second push in one direction, just going in, and in, and in. I'm not much different from average size, but stretching things out can make them seem bigger, I've always thought.
"Hrrnnnnnngggggg..." she moaned, a plea for more, and I assisted by pulling out, to the tip, all the way out, and then pushing in again, slowly and steadily, then adding a hip-twist at the end, hoping to give her a little clit stimulation along the way. Again, and again, she moaned, exhaling with the groans, my body pressing into hers. Her legs, far apart for me, came back around and her heels touched my lower legs as she tried to push up against me.
In and in, out and out, in and out, pushing pulling, pressing in, sliding out, sometimes to the side, sometimes down the center, we moved together. I rolled her to the side a little, exposing her left leg and butt a little, and said, "Ready?"
"Uh.... Uh... Yeah... Uhh.. Please..."
With my open hand, I slapped her lightly on the butt, a playful slap, no pain and no real surprise. I said, 'Tell Me."
"Harder. Slap harder." I was thrusting, and her words were separated by small delightful grunts a I hit bottom.
"What do you want?"
"Harder, Please. Slap, Harder. Please."
My hand poised, I slapped harder. Then thrust some more, then slapped again. Each time, she said, "Harder!"
I finally got to the point where my hand was hurting, so I stopped increasing the force there. Besides, I was getting ready to come, the thrusting had been building. I said, "I'm going to cum in you."
"Cum in me!"
"Ah, you're ... amazing. You feel so... Good, so, Oh, OOOhhh, OOOOOHHHHHH.... aaaaaaAAAA!!!!!" I came, pushing into her, hard, on tiptoes and my fingertips, then I let myself fall on her, pulling her shoulders from underneath. She was pulling me, around my back, as hard as I was pulling her, we were completely tensed. Her moans turned to "Yes, in me, come now, yes, yes... IN... In... Innnnnnn!?!..In me! Oh, fuck, yes, ohhh, fuuuuuuck, yes! Ahhhhaaaaaa... yes!" She was coming at the same time, it seemed.
My body shook as I was driven by innate force to do whatever autonomic thing that orgasm compels, vibrating, lower back and lower stomach frantically clenched to bend my hips just a little farther inwards, into 'home', into the 'best ever', into The Hot Wet Tight, the Right Place To Be, IN there, DEEP in there, pulsing and pushing.
Jerking around a little as the all-encompassing mind and body spasms took over and I was a little out of control for a minute, holding her with tightly frozen muscles. I turned this way and that, coming and delighting in the skin and front-front oneness of completely open bodies against each other. Front of brain, I had no thoughts but ecstasy, overwhelming GOODNESS of the cum.
As my convulsions subsided, though, I could finally settle in to lay atop her and try to breathe again. Finally, to save her the weight, I rolled off to the side, but that pulled me out of her, and that was a loss I felt, and she grunted disappointment at.
Her entire tone was tragic disappointment, "Oh, he's gone!?! Ohhhh..."
I moved up a little; she was taller than me. My head on a pillow, I said, "Here..." and she shifted to roll on her side across me. As she did, I said, "Blanket?" Even though it was phrased gently enough, I had kind of said it while thinking about whether she wanted to be dominated a little, and thus consciously I didn't add 'please'. It was kind of like I was giving her an order to see what she would do, in a very gentle way, a test of the waters. I wasn't used to being dominant and it felt more than slightly wrong, but I wanted to give her what she needed.
She sat up, got the blanket, straightened it up, and pulled it nicely and neatly up to our chests, where she tucked in again, under my arm, head on my upper arm, leg over mine, her boobs against my side and her pubic hair caressing my hip.
"Comfy, thank you kindly."
"De nada, senor."
I chuckled a bit, "I know you're Hispanic, but I don't think about you as a person who speaks Spanish."
"I spoke Spanish with my grandmother growing up, and then English outside and at school. So, I probably talk like an old woman."
"A beautiful, stacked, dynamic, utterly competent, sexy old woman, maybe!"
"My grandmother was not... Sexy." She laughed.
"She has to have been once. At least, to your grandfather."
"Uhhhh, this is a very odd image you're putting in my head."
I laughed. "Old people having sex. I know, it's weird. I read a textbook, actually several, psych department texts, on human sexuality, child development, all that. Plus, some other books. Actually, quite a lot of books on sex. A lot of them talked about how old people need sex, too, and it's really sad that a lot of them are widowed, with no man around, or they're in an old folk's home that didn't allow sexual relations, or whatever. It's criminal, if you ask me. If you get to be 70, you should be able to have all the sex you can possibly have. It's like a reward, like, "Hey, you're still alive! Celebrate it!"
Her voice told me she was smiling, "What increases the desire, decreases the ability."
"Well, yeah, I guess old age is kind of like alcohol - you can't walk right, you get sleepy all the time, sometimes you fall down and can't get up."
She laughed, it was nice to hear her being more upbeat.
"Actually, my old girlfriend used to compare being drunk to being a toddler. You can't walk straight, you bellow uncontrollably when things don't go your way, fall asleep randomly, and sometimes throw up on people."
"My cousin was like that. Effing cute, though. As a toddler. Never saw him drunk. He's... five, I think."
Her voice got more sad, remembering she'd never see him again. I had those moments, too.
My mind went back to our lovemaking.
I'd decided to try seeing if the power dynamics changed with her in bed versus out, and sure enough, she'd done what I asked, grabbing the blanket and pulling it up fast. I didn't like being in charge in general, it's a lot of work, but I did like to control things sometimes. So, maybe it was okay to be that in bed, at least just with her.
It was still odd to see a person who was so wanting to be in charge and formal, and in bed, she seemed to want to not be in control, to be the person who took orders and just complied dutifully. It could be the Hispanic family traditions, too. Or, it was just this once. I didn't know, but it would be worth some experimentation.
"Sleep now?" I suggested.
"Yeah. Gotta get some shuteye." She yawned.
I stifled my yawn. Yawning after someone was a sign of subordination, and I wanted to be careful to meet her needs, too.
Later Surprises
Awaking about midnight, I felt covers moving. This was turning into the thing everyone did, apparently. I wondered how long we could sleep 4 people in a king bed. Like before, it seemed the thing to do to pretend I'm asleep, and let it all happen.
In this case, Amber was getting in my side, and Jamie was getting in on Kim's.
Amber snuggled in behind me, wearing a t-shirt and panties and spooning me from behind, her cool legs against mine, her lower arm against my back. Carefully and gently, she put her upper / left arm over my side, her hand near my shoulder, her head into my upper back. I was careful to breath regularly, as if nothing was happening at all.
Jamie's getting in on the other side of Kim pushed Kim back a bit, and I had to shift backwards to accommodate, grunting as if I was groggy when in fact I was bright awake, determined not to let anything mess this up.
Kim's bare butt pressed into my front, grinding a bit as I'm sure she felt my cock there, soft but present. I didn't intend for it to get hard, but... yeah, that happened.
I was tired, though, even though my cock said, "Do her!" my brain said, "SLEEEEEEp". Kim wiggled some more, my cock rising to the bait and coming to reset in her ass-crack up her back. My arm was over Kim's side, and Amber's arm was holding my shoulder.
My head was not too far from Kim's. I whispered, "My body says yes, but my sleep level says no effing way. Dammit."
Kim said, "We can't now anyway. It's nice to be appreciated."
"I'm going to turn over. Your skin is too fabulous. I want this body in the morning, is that possible?"
Kim was confident. "I'll make it happen. Fear not." I could tell she wanted it, too.
I kissed Kim's neck and said, "hmmmm", then started to turn over. I said, over my shoulder, "Psst -- Amber. I'm turning over."
She backed up slightly, kind of against the wall, as I turned to face her. Face to face, she had to straighten out her knees, her arms in front but without much room, so she pushed one down, and put one over my side down my hip. Her down hand went down between us; she was just trying to tuck it comfortably out of the way. I said, "Watch out..."
Her hand bumped by my engorged penis -- and stopped. She whispered, "Is that... Oh. Sorry."
"It's why I had to turn over. Kim's butt was rubbing into me, and Mr. Happy got all excited."
She chuckled slightly, whispering back, "Mr. Happy didn't want to get happy again?"
"My brain is saying, 'sleeeeeep,' and if we did do it, with you in the bed here, and... wow. I'm on thin ice with you, and I don't want to do anything, anything at all that would hurt your feelings, or risk hurting you."
"You're not on thin ice with me!"
"What was that about, then?"
"Your heart is too big for your mouth."
"What?"
"Shut up and go to sleep, ya big galoof. We'll talk in the morning."
"Oh, one more thing."
"Yeah?"
"I want to ask you a favor. You have the utter right to say no or yes, it's okay with me."
"What is it?"
"In the morning, if Kim and I make love again, I'm wondering, if you want to, I'd enjoy it if you were here for that."
"You want a threesome?"
"No, no, no, just the lying by my side or her side, keeping us company, during. I really like that."
"I'll bet you do."
"Is it bad? Am I asking a hard thing?"
"No, not bad. It's just fine. You are who you are, Kev. It's okay to ask. Actually, it's better if you ask."
"I don't want to offend you. I realize, really realized, today, that you're probably saying out loud what some other people are thinking, all over this place. I bet there's other people having this conversation right now, somewhere here. Not the exact one, but the idea, you know."
"I know. I... Don't want to talk about that now. I'm tired."
"Okay." I paused a second, and said, "...and so, about the morning?"
"We'll see how I feel in the morning."
I yawned. "You're right. Good night, peaceful dreams."
She said, "Good night," and rolled over to face the wall, but she backed up into me, spooning, and pulled my arm over her, not to the center of her chest, just over her arm, but wanting the holding just the same. Hugging her, I whispered, probably too quietly for her to hear, "I love you, Amber."
She did hear. She squeezed my hand in response, and I went to sleep.
Hard Knocks
I was awoken by Kim about 5:30, still in darkness, laying mostly on my back against Kim. She was rubbing my body up and down and planting soft kisses on my shoulders. Remembering last night, I shifted and pulled her over me and on top of me so we could start kissing with some real purpose.
Kim's sliding up and down me became a little more purposeful herself by finding that I had a strong growth going that was popping up between us and rubbing her mons pubis.
"Mmmm" she moaned, quietly, not wanting to wake our bedmates.
"Move up, I want to taste your nipples."
She moved up, sliding up my body a bit, and I found that while I could suck on her, I could also reach around her behind and get to her sex. My fingers played around softly but steadily, then darted in to find a bunch of wetness waiting to come out. This immediately went up over her clit and I was in business.
She pushed back against my hand, and my licking and even blowing over her spit-wet nipple to cool it down before licking again had a nice effect, her body vibrating a little as a shiver of goodness went through her. My fingers traveled in, out, around, tweak, down, in, out, around tweak... Quite fun stuff.
When she seemed ready, I said, "Would you like it doggy style?"
"Oh, Yes!" She pulled down the blanket a little, then a little more, and crawled out into the cool air. I maneuvered around behind her, and found my way .... IN!! In was wonderful. 'In' had great advantages in that it was hot, and slippery, and Oh My God it Felt Good. She leaned down, on her hands and knees, and pushed back against me. The blankets were mostly off, and in the very low light I could see Amber's large chest under her white shirt on my right, her hair a bit over her face but her legs deliciously naked and right there. Looking over to my left, Jamie's legs, too, were beautiful and muscular, and went right up to her underwear because her shirt was at about mid-stomach.
I slowly moved in and out of Kim, feeling every little bit of her, running my hands over her soft butt skin, down the side, fingers in to pull on her upper legs backwards so I could, with skin making noise against skin as I thrust. The low thigh-thigh contact noises went 'smack' as I thrust into 'smack' their juicy heart-shaped "smack" bits near the center "smack" hole where "smack" my cock was going "smack" in and out.
I saw Jamie's eyes open and watch us, a smile creeping across her face. I reached forwards, feeling for Kim's dangling boob, and found it bouncing just a little. I said to Jamie, "Hey?"
She looked at me.
I said, "Can you help with this part?" I was pointing to Kim's boob.
She did the 'okay, I guess" shrug and moved her hand over, reached up, and felt it. I watched her watching it move, and feeling it, and I loved the idea that they were both getting something out of it. I could give something sexual to both of them at the same time. If I couldn't, I would never survive trying to keep 7 women happy, or at least even close to sexually unfrustrated.
Amber's eyes were open, watching our movements; she rolled over a bit so she could see better.
I said, "Amber? Jamie? Can you take your clothes off? I'd like to watch you, during...?"
Jamie immediately peeled off her shirt, and pulled off her panties, and then lay back, watching us move more, her hand going back to caressing Kim's breast.
I said, "Ohh, Jamie, that's so damn sexy!"
She smiled at me, and, with the other hand, cupped her on breast, bringing it up, and rolling the nipple, looking at me.
Looking at her nipple, I had to lick my lips, I could almost taste it.
Figuring Amber wouldn't want to join in, I rubbed Kim's back and butt again. I said, "Kim, do you want to," and then I noticed Amber pulling off her shirt, too. Her boobs, 36D she said, settled back against her chest as she laid back almost flat. Surprising me, I saw her hand move over and touch Kim's back, stroking her arm, too.
I finished my thought, and said, playfully, "Kim, have you been a bad girl?"
Kim said, "What? Have I?.... Oh. Ooooooh, yeah. YES. I have definitely been a bad girl. Bad girls need to be dealt with."
Still thrusting into her, speeding up and slowing down a bit, I leaned back just a little and brought my hand upside her butt in a glancing slap, like I'd seen on some BDSM porn vids. I wasn't into them, but every once in a while, they were impossible to miss.
"Slap!"
Kim responded, saying, "Owwww-wow, I think I did more than that, though. I need more."
"Slap!" I went harder this time, and as I did, a kind of shudder went through her. She said, 'Ohh, Yesssss."
"Slap!"
"Yes, yes sir, that's, that's right. I need that!"
"Slap!" I was going harder with the slapping but stopped when my hand hurt.
"Oh, God, Yes. Slap me. Fuck me, fuck me now, yes. Yes. In there, INNNNN there, YES, Ahhh, God Fuck Fuck Fuck Yesss! OooooooOOOOooo yes! Fuck my cunt, yes!"
Her quivering was building. I was watching Jamie's boobs bounce and move; Jamie's hand was on her sex, spread wide for me to see, her fingers going in and out. She was building, too. Amber, though, was just taking it all in... Until she put her hand in her panties. I couldn't see anything besides movement in the low light, but I could see her fabulous boobs bouncing, bouncing, as I pushed In and In and In to Kim. Suddenly, Kim started to come, shaking, grabbing my arm, falling flat on her face, twisting side to side, her legs spreading wider and wider, going down to the mattress, but I pulled her back, and up, and onto me, deeply jamming my cock home into her.
I could feel her inner muscles doing fantastic things to my cock, but I kept going, delighting in the thrusting and the happy feeling. Kim coming down and relaxing again, started moving against me, pushing, regularly, more controlled given she was again semi-sane.
Jamie's hand was moving faster, and I saw her tighten up and squirm, then groan and come, softly, quietly, rolling around a bit in the process. This was a huge turn-on to watch, of course, but I was dividing my time glancing at Amber's huge boobs, dancing a little, her reaching and holding onto Kim's breast, and her own fingers moving under her panties.
The sexiness was so huge, I couldn't hold back. I tightened up, my vision narrowing, and then SPURT "AHHHH" I shout-grunted, "ahhh!!!", as my own orgasm came. My cock was pulsing into her; I could feel my cum pumping out into her as wave of dazed unawareness followed by returning reality for a second, followed by again unawareness as all I could feel was my body and how I was coming into Kim, her butt pressed as tightly to me as I could make it press, then letting go for a little movement which drove me into another convulsion of joy.
I slowed down, still gasping as the echoing waves of joy distracted my brain.
Jamie had this ineffable smile on her face. I said, "Kim, can you kiss Jamie's face for me? I can't reach it."
Kim chuckled, pushed up a little, bent over and kissed Jamie's cheek, a "nice" kiss, almost a loving kiss, but not any kind of passionate kiss. I relaxed a bit, and pulled out (much to my feeling of absence and incompleteness). Trying to find a landing spot, I said, "Amber, can you scootch a little? I have to collapse."
Amber shifted and made a space, and I grabbed the blankets as I lay down, pulling them up over us. Kim had fallen down, face first, into her pillow, then shifted so she could breathe. Amber's boobs were right next to me, then on my arm as she shifted. The blankets came over us, all arms underneath. I couldn't move much, I was too relaxed, a broad smile on my face.
Kim looked over at me and said, "You look really, really happy."
"Duh!" I added, with utter-mock fake offense, "It's Your fault!"
Knock, Knock!
Knocking on our door? In the morning, before reveille? I glanced at Amber, confused. We hadn't had knocking visitors yet.
Reveille sounded.
I laughed, "Their timing is excellent."
Jamie said, kind of dreamy, "Yeah. We all got these really great watches..." and giggled. "Our 30 pieces of silver."
I said, impressed with the depth of the comment, "Woah, that's a loaded statement!"
We waited. There was another knock.
I was just about to say something when Kim called out, "Who is it?"
"Sophia... Mayor Sophia."
Kim looked at me, then at Amber. I didn't know. Frankly, I didn't care much either. Orgasms do that. Plus, I was surrounded by 'Teh Sexy'. Kim pulled up the blanket a bit farther, and called out, "Come in!"
The door opened to the wall, making a corridor. Sophia poked her head around it, "Hello?"
Jamie said, "Turn on the light, please?"
Sophia flipped on the lights and poked her head around quickly to find us. She was in a hurry, and walked in a bit farther. Seeing us in the lower bunk, she squatted down, and I saw her eyes get bigger as she took in the 4 of us in the bed, all naked, and all somewhat grinning. She managed to mumble, "Uhhhh..."
Kim sat up halfway, the blanket still half-over her boobs covering nipples but not by any large margin.
Sophia said, "I'm sorry, I didn't mean to interrupt."
Kim said, "It's okay, you're here now, and it's morning. What's up?"
She said, "I wanted to talk with Kevin, actually. And, also, Jamie."
"About?"
Sophia's squatting there shifted so she could shift her gaze between Kim, Jamie, and me. She said, mostly to Kim, "His... city engineer responsibilities, I have to... they worked with your hab, I think, yesterday, and the day before?"
Kim was in charge, and having the mayor on her back feet from interrupting us was fun to watch. She said something I just knew that Sophia already knew, "I'm Kim, by the way, Kim Hernandez. I'm the Prime. So, I thought you wanted us to go out to work as habs?"
"I did," Sophia said, "for most habs. But, there's a couple of people, we need as special jobs..."
Kim was nodding, "Oh, sure, got it! You should have said something! It's no problem. Here..." She turned to me and Jamie and said, "Time to get up," and we nodded, and she pulled the cover down and we started to crawl out.
Sophia was not expecting this and sat back, slightly off balance. I knew Kim well enough by now to know that she did things for a reason, and a lot of the time those reasons had a power / political angle to them. As she got up, Sophia's embarrassment multiplied since she was at knee height and we were standing up over her. Sophia's gaze, I watched, shifted and got uncomfortable as she tried to stay dignified in a contorted and somewhat subservient physical stance. Even I could tell she was flustered, so I knew Kim had thought of this.
Kim's getting out made her boobs sway and bounce, but as she got to her locker, she crossed her legs in an obvious way and started to get her towel out for a shower. Jamie also got out, crawling out and bouncing as befits a freshly-orgasmed happy mood. Amber pulled down her shirt and climbed out over me as I motioned for her to go first.
Climbing out for me wasn't exactly embarrassing; I had been losing my sense of modesty for a while. I had delayed because there was going to be something obvious out in front of me. I had just come, and my brainstem was swimming with the echoes of soft skin on mine, staring at beautiful boobs and butts as they got out, and even Amber's delicious panty-covered butt close up as she crawled over me. On top of that, inside my head was an uncontrolled blur of images - Jamie writhing under her own fingers, my cock going in and out of Kim's beautiful upside-down-heart-shaped butt in doggie-style form, and even Amber's boobs beside Kim, jarring slightly from mattress movement as I was thrusting.
So, as I crawled out, my cock was pointed straight out ahead of me, still mostly hard and decidedly wet from recent use.
Sophia had had to shift to the side a bit to let everyone out, and had to look down to see where her feet were. Right as I emerged from the bed, her eyes were downcast and I stepped into her vision, my mostly-full cock leading the way. I heard her breathe in a stuttered intake of breath, eyebrows up, mouth open, and her head pulled back on her shoulders. She just looked. I realized what she was looking at and grinned widely, and looked at Kim.
Kim was smiling her ass off! She'd gotten the Mayor to be in this uncomfortable position, and she got to show off her man, in some of his glory, to a person she wanted to mess with a little.
Amber turned around, appreciated the situation, stifled a chuckle, and turned around to her cabinet.
Sophia's gaze remained in place for a solid 5 or 6 seconds, which is a long time to stand there and look at a hard cock pointed, more or less, at her lips, about 3 inches away, I think.
I was just fine standing there, letting her stare, since it seemed to fit Kim's plan.
Jamie, though, spoke up first, "So, you need us for city engineer stuff, then?"
Sophia blinked and looked up, lost in a thought or a feeling, and said, 'Uh... Yeah. Your hab will... need to get along without you. We need you to start going though paperwork and figuring out how all the city systems work. If we have an emergency, we're going to need you fully trained up." She started to get up, so I shifted away to let her move.
Standing now, Sophia turned to face Kim, mostly so she didn't have to not-stare at me, scant inches away. There isn't much extra space in a hab. Seeing her, she noticed kim was standing with her legs crossed, putting her towel around her chest. Sophia said, "Oh, sorry, Kim, I didn't know you needed to use the restroom. I'll get out of your way."
Kim said, offhandedly, "No, I don't need to pee. Kevin just filled me with cum this morning. Quite pleasant. I'm going to need a nice shower, though."
Sophia turned around, still not sure what to do, and ended up facing me again, as Kim started to try to push past us both, standing at the entrance to the narrow bed-wall passageway. She did, but this pushed Sophia into me a bit, and to keep from falling over I put an arm around Sophia's lower back, pulling her to me, and 'accidentally' pressing my cock into her abdomen as we were both pushed out of the way.
Of course, I provided the requisite surprised-sounding, "Ohh!", as in 'Oh, did I do that?' (complete with matching expression). I let go after Kim passed.
Sophia was just kind of surprised, I think, and sense-filled.
I asked her, "Where do we meet you?"
"No need to meet me, Kevin. I'll see you at the 7 am, but basically, we were thinking you could just pick an officehab and read everything in it, and then move to the next one. We're going to need an emergency services department, probably, so you'll need to keep that in mind, how many, what do they do, etc. Maybe a fire department, medics, or whatever. I don't know what we need, and I need you to create a plan and recommend it to the council."
"Oh. Okay. Sounds fun! I'll get going as soon as we shower."
Sophia left, her message delivered, but with a few more visuals than she expected to get in return. Kim, Jamie, and I headed for the showers, but Amber joined us a minute later, jogging to catch up. I usually did my toilet business before my shower, because everyone knows it's better to get dirty before you get clean and not after.
Walking into the shower area, I saw there was again the large rush of people, and most of the showerheads were occupied. Even with this crowd, though, there were quite a few showerhugs happening, even more than the previous day.
Strangely, I saw 3 people that I was pretty sure weren't from our level. They were showering slowly, and casually looking around, taking it all in.
I looked around myself, and besides all the people just getting clean, I realized that I had gotten to a point where the utterly beautiful women around me didn't drive me crazy with lust the moment I saw them. This probably was a combination of having had lots of sex in the past week, and seeing a lot of boobs and butts while showering twice a day.
At the 7 am all-hands meetings were having daily, I stood up front with Jamie and Sophia again called for anyone with a civil engineering degree, or any knowledge of sewage treatment plants and/or large scale chemical plants. Three people came up. I told Sophia I wanted all 3 for today, and I'd decide who to keep tomorrow; we arranged to meet at leftmost rabbit gallery officehab later.
Sitting down with my habmates, we ate for a couple of minutes before we heard a commotion in the hallway, which turned out to be about 10 escaped baby goats ("kids"??) being chased by a bunch of girls trying to herd them back in the right direction. About 20 of us helped, spanning the hallway pushing them back into their gallery.
As we were leaving (the 3 recruits for assistant city engineer, myself, and Jamie), I paused a moment.
My habmates were headed off to do more of the rushes-and-reeds planting in the water by the lake. Before we parted, though, I went up to each of my habmates, starting with Jo, gave them kiss on the lips, a 'have a great day', and a hug.
Not many people had done that, at least that I'd seen, but it just felt like something I needed to do. Especially, with Kim, and with Amber. Dana fell into my hug and wanted to stay there for a while, and Jo was her usual enthusiastic self. I even kissed and hugged Jamie, who was going with me, so she didn't feel left out (and got teased for it in the process).
Not Quite All Boring
To describe the day reading manuals would be boring and pointless. I had my four assistants read different manuals that I'd already gone through, and quizzed them every once in a while on what they'd learned. All three were getting the info down pretty well, but I decided to see if I was going to get any "yes-men" in the group.
I asserted something for each of them that I knew to be false. Two of the three buckled and backed down, saying that's not how they remembered it, but accepting my point of view. The third, Marsha, stuck to her guns and had some gumption. I liked that, and I picked her as manager of the other two.
Since my goal was overall understanding, I had Marsha, Tanya, and Daria all work together on finding out what would happen if an earthquake burst a pipe fitting somewhere, say a water main in our hab space. They had to come up with a plan, go out, pick a random spot, and try to figure out what they'd do.
Immediately, this was an interesting task, so they got to work on a plan, first trying to understand whether it was even possible to turn off flow to a random section of pipe, then what to do if a flange-bolt or two popped and broke the seal.
They took off to look at an example, then came back and kept talking near us, while Jamie and I sat in the officehab in silence, reading.
Around lunchtime, Tanya (an average-looking African-American gal with close-cropped hair and an upbeat can-do attitude) volunteered to grab lunch for us, and came back with canned sliced ham, a big screw-top mason-jar of peaches we all ate directly out of, a small wheel of swiss cheese, matzah crackers, and two 2-liter thermos jugs of water. This was actually a normal lunch; I'd gotten used to matzah 'bread' while traveling because it stores forever. The other options for bread -- packaged breakfast rolls and hard tack, were extremes of taste and texture that didn't go well with cheese.
The disadvantage of matzah is it has a tendency to make crumbs -- lots of crumbs!
Daria, the big-chested, perky, optimistic Hispanic-looking girl with a really cute smile and outgoing nature, was sitting next to me, leaning back in her chair eating. At the end of the meal, she sat up to discover she'd put a ton of crumbs down her shirt, and wiggled a bit as they tickled their way around in there. She tried untucking her shirt, but this did little good, so, tugging up on the bottom of her shirt, asked us, "Mind if I fix this?"
Everybody said, 'Fine, go ahead!' so she stood, pulled off her shirt, laid it on the desk, and tried to brush the crumbs out of her cleavage. There was no way to do this, we could see the crumbs there, so she reached behind herself and unhooked the bra that was holding in 2 very large DD+ cup breasts, releasing them to our view. Her areolas were large, darker than her skin, on nipples faced very much straight ahead. She shook her bra out, and then tried brushing the crumbs off her boobs. She was missing some, again and again, so I offered, 'May I? I have the angle to see..."
She nodded. Obviously, we were all becoming much more accustomed to nudity. I stood, walked over, and picked off some crumbs I saw, and then gently cupped her breast upwards (there was a little sag) and brushed off under the boob, too. In the process, I may have touched her nipple, and I felt her stiffen a little. After I did the same to the other boob, I stepped back, and sat down. I felt a bit of sexual tension in the air; the other girls had watched this closely. I tried to be all businesslike, and proclaimed, "Looks okay now."
Daria shook out both shirt and bra again, and redressed.
I commented, "It's a good thing we're wearing clothes down here. I mean, we don't have to, really, except for the cool temps. But, if y'all didn't, even with all the action I'm getting, I'd be one serious horn-dog full time. I'd be looking at all the fabulous examples of beautiful womanhood around me here, and I'm thinking things that are, ah, somewhat inappropriate for a working environment." I signed.
Daria, now dressed, turned to me and said, "Thank you, honey." She spoke like a southerner. "You're sweet. It's nice to know I'm a 'fabulous example of beautiful womanhood'. I believe my arrow knows it, but he doesn't say much about it."
Marsha perked up and said, "You're not getting ... your needs met?"
Daria laughed, "We set up a rotation, like every hab has, by now. I'm last on the list."
Marsha said, "I was first, technically, but he skipped me and isn't really sticking to the plan. Besides, I don't really like him that much."
"Not your type?"
"Not anybody's type. He's a bit of a prick. He thinks he owns us, and two of the girls agree with him so they're off doing whatever all the time. The rest of us, we might have to be alone for the rest of our lives."
Some more discussion ensued, but I got back to reading, and (to get them focused again) asked a question about if anyone had seen anything about fire hydrants yet.
They went out to the hallway and looked around for a while. Eventually the found, and showed me, that the odd-looking connectors coming down the wall every so often were a snap-in type of firehose hookup. We traced it back, and the bright-red pull-down lever higher up on the wall was the valve, and showed Jamie and I what they found. We decided we'd like to test one of the hookups, but we didn't know where any of the hoses were, so that started a hunting job but there weren't any references to where those were stored.
(This is the kind of stuff we dealt with, over and over, for the first couple of days.)
Gladiatorial Dinner
Dinner that night was exciting in that it included some spectator sports.
Two girls from a distant hab got into a fight over dinner, starting with a yelling match, and ending with a knock-down drag-out hair-pulling fistfight. We all mostly gathered around and watched as they rolled around and scratched and punched, but after a minute or two, someone with aikido training stepped in and gut-punched one girl, kicked the other in the chest, swept #1's legs and put them on the ground, and ducked #2's attack to trip her and grab her arm, twisting it behind her back and dropping her to her knees gently.
Truly, it was some beautiful work.
Several others stepped in, habmates and helpful people, and held the fighters back. One girl was just apoplectic and screaming for a minute. The Aikido master who had her pinned calmly gave her an, "oh, really?" stare and waited, then asked if anyone had any rope. Someone remembered there were halters in the alpaca containers, and eventually it was returned and used to tie the combatants hands behind their backs and their bodies to chairs.
The mayor had a big conference, and asked anyone with a black belt in any martial art to step forward, and quickly designated a police force.
The punishment for fighting, it was agreed, was to tie them up together across a table overnight, and re-evaluate in the morning. The municipal judge agreed this would probably work since no permanent harm was done to either one.
The mayor came over a bit later and asked if we had any ideas for a prison, I said, "Well, we could just lock them in a container."
She looked at me funny, and I said, "There's enough air in one to last for weeks for 2 people. We want them to resolve their differences, so they have to get talking."
Jamie asked, "But, what if one's bullying the other?"
Kim suggested, "Social work majors? Anyone with a degree in conflict resolution or social work here? Family counseling?"
The Mayor thanked Kim, and went up to the front and called for volunteers with appropriate degrees, and soon we had mental health services, which was probably late in coming.
Back at the hab, we sat in the midhab and talked and talked; my patience for chit-chat ran thin so I went to my bunk and started reading my novel.
After nightbell, everyone went to brush their teeth and get ready for bed. Coming back, the lights went down to 10 pm overnight near-darkness and most people were out of the hallways / hab-galleries. Passing a hab that had light coming out though the window in their closed door, I heard a massive shouting match between at least 3 girls, complete with 'I hate you!', 'Fucking bitch', and all sorts of other colorful language.
Walking on by was the wisest option, I thought, since if they came storming out and saw me, they'd know who I was and think I was spying on them.
Back in our hab, everyone was in bed already, Kim and Heather below, Amber above waiting for me, and presumably Jamie in the backhab.
"Everybody back?" I asked.
"Yes. Lights, if you would."
"Got 'em." I turned off the lights, closing the door, and walked to the open area. I didn't know if I was supposed to be naked to start with, and given how tense Amber had been before, I figured the better path was the more conservative one, so I went up in underwear and a t-shirt.
Climbing the ladder, though, she had a bare shoulder showing. I crawled in anyway, not wanting to presume anything with her.
"You're back."
"Yep. Big yelling fight over one row and down two. BIG fight. Lots of screaming."
"Hear what it was about?"
"Just name calling and general 'unfairness' complaints. I talked today with one of the engineers, won't say who, who said her arrow is playing favorites and she doesn't like him that much. Don't repeat this, I don't think she wants it out there that there's a problem. Anyway, she's got problems, or her hab does, with the unfairness thing. I'm guessing that's a pretty common problem."
"Or," she said, "it's the focus point for the anger they're feeling for being locked down here."
"Either way, bad stuff. I'm feeling lucky that..." I stopped and looked at her directly; I could see her eyes in the low light, but barely. "...'lucky' only in the relative sense, I'm not saying lucky to be here, just lucky to have, like, a functional set of habmates here. Functional, emotionally, I think."
"Relax, I'm not going to bite your head off."
"You got kind of perturbed yesterday." I tried to make it sound innocent and like a small thing, not wanting to exaggerate it.
"And I still am, but it's simmering, and it's not related to you. You were in the way."
"I guess the possibilities that we're avoiding here, by happening to have the particular habmates we have, are that we're not yelling at each other, and that's a good thing."
"True. It's not like we can run away from them." She scowled a bit.
I said, fairly, almost like it was funny, but it wasn't, "You could, but where would you sleep, really. In the cold, I think."
"And, with nowhere to run, people lash out. They're cornered...."
"I'm trying to not corner you," I said. I was lying on my side, facing her, and her on her side facing me. We were reasonably close, but the blankets were pulled up so we didn't get cold air in. I pulled my arm under the covers and said, "I have no expectations for tonight, because I don't know what to expect. I'm kind of flying blind a lot here and depending on you all to help me, to warn me if I'm messing up."
"Kev... You're not messing up."
"Oh, yes I am. I couldn't handle it, earlier, when you were talking, it got to be just too much chitchat and I had to go lie down for a while. I know you all wanted me to be there, and participate and stuff, and that's really not my kind of conversation."
She laughed, "No doubt. Most guys tune out of that stuff, you're not alone."
"So walking away wasn't a faux pas?"
"Not exactly. A little warning, next time, that you're thinking about leaving the conversation, that would help. Just getting up and announcing that you're going to read as you get to the door and go through it? That sounds with most people like they're angry or upset. Luckily, you talked with Kim a while back and mentioned you don't like being in busy crowds of people talking, and we all get that, so we understand. But, we did talk about you after that, for a while. We've been doing so, trying to figure you out."
"Uh, I have no way to do the same with each of you, so I feel at a distinct disadvantage."
"We talk about each other all the time." She was very matter of fact.
I was confused, "What?"
"Sure. It's kind of like a game, figuring out the emotional context of each of the people in a conversation, when only some of the people that were in the conversation are around to diagnose what happened. It can get pretty complicated."
"I would have no patience for that at all."
"Duh! You're a) straight, and b) a guy, and c) an engineer geek. So, you're correct. You don't. We don't expect that of you. In fact, if you'd participated in more of the feelings-conversation stuff, we'd have been increasingly confused."
"Whew!" I was relieved.
"So, you don't expect me to listen to girl talk. But, what do you expect me to do? Am I not doing some of it?"
"No, you're fine." She paused and thought a second, and said, contemplatively, "I do have some expectations, though."
"Like what?"
"The past nights, you've done some peculiar things to my friends here." Her voice was getting a little sultry.
She was playing with me: "You've made them say all sorts of ODD sorts of things, out loud."
I sort-of saw where she was going, but decided to play dumb, "Oh? I wouldn't want to embarrass anyone."
"I'm not so sure. You made them say the craziest things, and very loudly, so other people could hear them." She put her arm out, and touched my arm, gently petting it, and moving to my upper arm and back, slowly. "It got me wondering. I thought, what could be happening that she would be making that noise? Then, I'd think, oh, maybe he's hurting her. But, then, she's say, 'yes' loudly, and I'd figure that maybe it wasn't a bad experience. But I'm not sure."
"I might be able to help you understand, if you want...?"
"That might be best, in the interests of both scientific inquiry and caring about my habmates. I think I need to understand what was happening."
"What was ... happening?" I reached out and touched her shoulder, and then her side, and pulled myself over to her by pulling her to me, sideways. "I might be able to demonstrate what I've been doing, but it might involve some discomfort on your part."
"Discomfort how?"
"Well, first I would make you want something badly, then, I'll give it to you, and then I might take it away again, and basically repeat the process a bunch of times. Sort of a give-and-take thing. It might be uncomfortable when you're waiting to get back into the preferred situation."
"I'd be frustrated anticipating something?"
"Only briefly. And, somewhat cyclically. It's hard to explain with words, I'd need to show you."
"I am interested. Sure, okay. Go ahead. Show me."
"I'll need your cooperation, though. Sometimes the movements will require some dexterity, and some accommodations."
"Accommodations?"
"Yes, like, here...." I moved my hand to under her uppermost breast, and, grasping it in both hands, pulled it up and slightly away from her body, "Like this, sometimes your breasts might be in the way of something, so I'd have to help move them appropriately. And... " I bent forward, slowly, moving my mouth ever closer to her the breast, now uncovered, "since you can see both my hands are occupied, I have no choice but to use my tongue to move your nipples the required distances sideways, or up and down, or..." I licked the side of her areola, my breath hot on it, then I blew cool air where I'd licked and watched the areola pucker a little. "... I might even have to distribute heat more evenly..." My whole mouth came down on her areola and nipple without my tongue being there. I pulled up a bit and breathed out very slowly, heating it up, then covered it again, and licked up it with the flat of my tongue.
She squirmed a little, and put her hand on the back of my head to pull me in a bit more, a good sign that she liked what I was doing.
Letting go with my fingers, I moved up her body, pulling myself closer to her, and moving in to kiss her. Our lips met, slowly, with our eyes open, looking caringly at each other. I closed my eyes, though, feeling the kiss and living in it.
She pulled back and pushed me over on my back, gently, rolling me over to take charge herself. I was all in favor of this!
Kissing her way down, she stopped at my nipples briefly until I told her I never really got turned on much by nipples. She shrugged and worked her way down my body, kneeling between my legs as she moved.
I was greeted by the view of her face looking up at me occasionally but mostly focused on enjoying the moment. Beyond her head, I saw her boobs hanging down, and felt them as they brushed my abdomen and then legs, a flash of ultra-soft cushiony skin with a slightly harder bit of nipple making a stimulus point as she moved, too.
Lifting my cock with her hand, and it was already pretty stiff, she kissed down its length with small kisses, then up again, holding it upright, and kissed the head before covering it with her mouth, bringing it in and down a little before starting a regular bobbing motion on me. I moaned a little, it was really stimulating and I liked it. But, I wanted something more, so I whispered, "Scoot around, let me taste you..."
She nodded and turned around; I scooted down and sideways so she could step over me and lower herself to my waiting lips. I kissed her thighs delicately, then blew on her sex, then kissed closer, until I was making steady licking motions from above her clit, over it and up her parted lips. Two fingers found their way inside and accompanied the licking in rhythm, slow and steady so I could build later. It had the desired effect as her head bobbing on my cock stopped and she lay her head down on my thigh, her body vibrating and gasping with my efforts.
A couple of minutes later, I felt her get closer and closer and heard her cries as they escalated in intensity and depth of emotion. Right at what I figured was about the correct moment, I started pushing my fingers in deeper, and sucked her whole clit area into my mouth. My licking went from using the flat of my tongue to the tip, lightly, then harder; her clit had gotten harder and this flick, flick, flick with my tongue pushed her to a loud, "God! Fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuckkkk Fuck fuck FUCK! OH, Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Wowwwwwwwwww ahahhhh!!!!" climax. Her legs tried to push away, but I had my arms holding myself tightly in place, resisting her, giving her something to push against.
As her cries subsided and she went back to just breathing hard I let go with my mouth, but kept up a flat-tongued stroking around the outside, and my fingers kept moving slowly in and out. Soon, I was licking again, building up over the next 5 minutes or so to a second urgent, loud-groaned shaking and pulling away orgasm. Again, I let her relax for a couple of minutes while licking around her, then started again.
"NO, stop, omygodStop, wow, let a girl rest!"
"Why? I asked, cavalierly, "I see no reason to rest here -- you've got work to do! There are more orgasms left in here [I patted her butt cheek] and I aim to carefully extract them, set them on a shelf, and listen to them scream joy at me." My mood was definitely smug. "It's a real power trip to be able to manipulate your body like this. And, you taste delicious!"
She laughed at me, then started sucking my cock again, in earnest, and had me at 'raging boner' status in a minute or two. Suddenly, despite my still licking trying to build her for number 3, she lifted off of me and turned around to face me, "I have different plans for what's going to happen right now. Very different!" She worked her way back up to me; I wiped my face off with my hand, but she kept going, and dangled a giant boob over my face to give me a great opportunity to suck and fondle it. They were amazing, and I made plenty of noises as I nuzzled them, including a low rumbling in my throat that I hoped vibrated through her nipple. She didn't seem affected, though, so I moved ot the other one, then thanked her.
Moving back down, she lifted up her straddle-sit and positioned me, then lowered herself onto me slowly. Her pussy was incredibly tight on me, and as she pulled up, I saw her face make a set of expressions as I felt her clench on me and release, clench and release. It was tighter than my own handgrip, holding on to me, pulling me. She began riding me slowly by moving first her entire body up and down, then bending over farther, just her hips up and down. Her face was lost in the experience, feeling my cock go in and out of her. I ran my hands all over her, then (of course) held and fondled her breasts and nipples.
She opened her eyes, her face inches from mine, and I grabbed around her back and pulled her down on me, kissing her, then turning my head.
This was Good. We were Close, together, not competing or being irritated or in conflict. We were working to the same thing - feeling the sensations we were generating.
Holding and grunting with the movement, she held me as much as I held her.
My hands roaming her back before running down back to rest my right hand right over the end of her tailbone and pushing down as I pushed my hips up and into her. We slowly built to go faster, and I could feel her mons resting on mine, rubbing, moving her clit all around. Her cries got louder and she stiffened just about the time I was ready to come, too, and together we thrust against one another, pulling hard, exhaling and grunting, panting, reveling in the beauty of skin and pulsing cock and behind-the-eyes fireworks.
Settling down, she relaxed into my arms and I just held her, my hand stroking the side of her head, straightening her hair over her ear, kissing down the side of her face. She shifted down, and I popped out, spent. I said, "Oh." Then, I realized what I was holding onto and said, "Being out, after being in, is a let-down. But, I'm still feeling you [I hugged her] and delighting in... the feeling of your weight on me -- you ground me, you hold me in."
Her head shook yes, but she didn't say anything.
I said, "Hold on, let me get the covers..." I managed to reach some without too much moving and spread them over her back, giving us an enclosure again.
Suddenly, I felt a tear hit my cheek. She was crying.
I didn't know what to do. This hadn't ever happened before. I said, "Uh... Oh. You're crying. I'm sorry. Did I do something?"
She whispered, "It's not you. Or, it is you, but it isn't. You're fine. You're better than fine."
She started sobbing, and I held her, quietly, just letting her cry, since there wasn't much I could do to stop it, and I thought it would be wrong to try. I stroked her hair some more, and said calming things like, 'I'm here, I'm with you. It'll be okay. Shhhhh... It's all right, I'm here now."
This made her sob more, but she clutched me. I used the sheet to absorb the tears a bit, but I mostly just held her as she cried. Eventually, she shifted off to the side, and hugged my chest, sometimes hard.
After about 20 minutes or so, I whispered, "What are you thinking about?"
She said, "Lots of stuff. My mom. My dad. They had jobs, they had careers, but they poured their lives into helping me. I was supposed to carry on the family traditions. Bundt cake for parties. Golf early on Tuesday mornings. Putting the Damned-Vacuum-Cleaner up on the hook that never held it then swearing loudly and calling it a Damned-Vacuum-Cleaner."
She sobbed a minute.
She added, "And, even when we got a new vacuum cleaner, we had a place for it that worked, but we always still yelled at it and called it a damned vacuum cleaner." She laughed a little, through the crying, and said, "I miss them. I'll never see them again. They think I'm dead. All their hard work is gone, useless, wasted time."
"But you're not wasted. You're here."
"I'm stuck in a fucking hole. I'm never getting out. Seriously, never, for the rest of my life, I'm here, I'm in this stupid hab, I'm never getting married, I might have kids, but I'd just be condemning them to live in a hole for the rest of their lives, too. No blue sky. No grass.... Oh, right, yeah, there's supposed to be grass. Right, like that matters. No trees, or fall, or winter, snowmen... damn. The snowmen. Snow angels. They'll never know...."
"Someone will. Their grandchildren will."
"If someone doesn't go stir crazy and try to tunnel out and kill us all."
We were quiet a couple of minutes. I felt her breathing get more regular. She was tucked in under my arm, her head on my shoulder and arm over my chest, so I pulled the blankets in and around a little to make sure she was warm enough. Really, of course she was warm enough, she was right up against me, and I could feel the warm, soft skin of her breasts pressed against my side, her leg over mine.
I thought about her, and my habmates in general, and how I actually felt about them. I really had only known them a short time, but they were now cemented in my head, a part of me. I did love them. It wasn't a perfunctory thing to say, it was real, I really did.
The thought gave me pause, wondering if this grand experiment in underground living would end up bringing me more happiness, as Amber was contending was bad, even though I was trapped and imprisoned and missing out on all the stuff I could be doing topside.
I had sick-to-my-stomach feelings when I thought about the people I loved outside, and how I'd never get to do anything fun again, drive a car, all that. Amber wasn't right, but she wasn't wrong either.
I wasn't happier down here. I was horribly worse. And, greatly better in entirely different ways.
My life was bifurcated - immense loss combined with lovingkindness.
Sure, even in the moments of (non-Sex, thus self-conscious) joy, I knew the price we'd paid for that joy. The sadness was consoled by love, but it wasn't _simple_.
I couldn't even approach some of the losses I was feeling for fear they'd overtake me. Living moment to moment was the only way out of it, finding where I was, what needed doing next, and if there was a warm-soft nearby, hugging that thing so I didn't fall down.
Just staring at the ceiling, I heard some motion from below, and up climbed Jamie, followed by Kim, crawling in. Jamie went on the other side of Amber, and Kim on my right, carefully moving covers so as to not let cool air in. Kim lay on her side; my right hand was down my side and she took it with both of hers and held it, flat between her thighs, snuggled up to get warmer.
I said, whispering, "Hey-a, gorgeous. I was just thinking about you."
"Me?"
"Well, not just you. All 7 of you."
"All 8 of us."
"Yeah, hard not to think of myself."
"What about?"
I explained carefully, considering what I was saying. "You laughed today, in the shower. Your face was beautiful, lit up, joking with ... Dana, I think, had just said something, and you burst out laughing. Your eyes sparkled. Dana was laughing, too, and some others near you two. As you laughed, your hand came up across and clapped your chest, right below your opposite shoulder. It was an automatic thing, you do that sometimes when you laugh, but I noticed it, and I noticed your breast jiggle as you did it. The water was dripping off your head as you smiled, like, both surprise and enjoyment. Remembering that made me think of my first girlfriend, well, my first serious college girlfriend at least, about how she laughed and how I loved the way that her eyes smiled at me."
"What happened with her?"
"I wasn't a very easy person to know, to be... friends with. I had lots of rules back then. I had things that I would do, and not do, where I'd go and not go and when, and which of her friends I liked, and which mannerisms got on my nerves. I was hugely frustrated with her, and she kept telling me what to do all the time and expecting I'd just do it. In retrospect, her entire schtick was that she wanted to fix me up so I was presentable, and since I was a lower-status geek, or nerd, whatever, a social reject, to her, she had the natural right to do it. She was making me 'better', maybe."
"Wow. Sounds like you didn't have a very good time with her."
"No, I did! We did! Mostly. To start with. After a while - I figured out about sex worked - so the Having-Sex part was great, and hanging out was fun, mostly. Thing is, he wasn't interested in doing anything much in any kind of way that I wanted to do it. She kept yelling at me, and then finally, she met up with me for dinner but wanted to talk in the parking lot for a minute, only it wasn't a minute, it was 'goodbye, stop calling me, I'm breaking up with you.' I just nodded. I might have known already, I was kind of expecting it."
"What did you say to her? At the end?"
"I said, 'Okay. I guess you're right.' I didn't know what to say. She was right. I was a bit of a stuck-up prick, I guess."
"You're not now, though." She sounded confident of that.
"Oh, I can be. I haven't had occasion to be, though. There's nothing technical here so far that's in question. All this hab stuff? It's not set-in-stone or formal or whatever. If I know the rules, and if it's a rules-based game, I'm totally the selfish prick. At least, I have been, sometimes. Like, there are times when I can see it in myself. I try to fight it, and I'm a LOT better than I used to be, but every once in a while, it pops out, and I look at myself from outside and say, 'Oh, I guess it's selfish-prick-time, that must be who I am today.' Even if I don't want to be. I can see it, and sometimes, *just* sometimes, I can stop myself. I shouldn't even be telling you this, goddamn it."
"Why?"
"Oh, 'cuz now the next time we're in some kind of disagreement, you'll see me for who I am, and know this stuff. Things will all be fucked up, and it'll be my fault, and you'll know that it's my fault, and I can't do jack about it, because I'm doomed here, I'm... Not the social butterflies you girls are. I'm a geek, I like reading and doing diff-Eq and learning about tRNA complexes and perovskites and lots of weird-ass crap. I'm out of my element here, I'm just floating on your goodwill. Pretty soon, you're going to realize I'm a schmuck and.. and then, I'll lose you."
I started crying again, more tears than sobs. "I'll have hurt you, and I don't want to hurt you. I love you. I love all of you. I realize that. I'm not confusing sex and love, I know the difference. I also know what I'm feeling."
Kim was silent a moment, and said, "I know you do, Kev. You're not a schmuck, you've got a big heart. Your brain is in left field sometimes, but I guess that makes sense given your 'memory thing' or whatever."
"I have a headache. Too much crying."
"Yah. I get those, too. And, no aspirin."
"Mmm." I was sleepy, despite the pain. "Must sleep."
"Good night, Kev." She raised up and kissed my lips, softly and settled back, turning away from me and pushing her soft butt (which I immediately pictured in all its glory from multiple angles in many experiences) against my side, some more warm-soft.
I whispered, "Good night, Kim."
Unspoken, I prayed, for the first time in a long time, "Dear God. Please help me to not fuck this up. Guidance would be nice. Thank you for the love. Thank you for my life, even if it has to be in this place."
Awakenings
Amber and I were both awakened by Reveille at 5:50, which was getting to be much less jarring than it had been the first couple of mornings. She immediately said, "Damn."
"What?" I asked.
"I wanted you again this morning -- everybody is getting seconds, but it's too late now."
"No, it isn't." I sat up a bit, leaned over and kissed her, softly, on the mouth, then around her face, and smiled, "I'm not going anywhere fast."
"Yeah, that's fine for you, Mr. I've-got-a-normal-bladder, but I have to pee. When I come back, you'll be gone."
"I don't think I'll be gone. Tell you what. I need to pee, too. We could go there, come back, do the horizontal mambo, ba-da-boom, ba-da-bing, wheee!, and you're on the moon, tippity top of the morning." I was grinning widely. Sex in the morning was always fun for me.
"Uh, what about these people?"
"They will either be witting or unwitting witnesses. Or, they'll be frustrated by our earnest rabbit-like proclivities and cry out with the envy of 10,000 lost souls. Or, maybe, they'll do what I like, they'll stay here and smite my hindbrain with their bared hyper-feminine ladyparts. I'm okay with many of these options, but defer to you, my Alpha, on the final judgements. Meanwhile, we should probably jump-to and heave-pee."
"You're very odd." She was smiling broadly.
"You expected normal? I'm many things. Odd is near the top of the list." I clambered over and climbed down the ladder.
Amber followed me down, and caught me trying to decide what to wear.
"Here," I handed her some of my sweatpants, giant on her 5'1" frame, "put these on, but pull them all the way under your armpits."
"They don't..." she tried it, and it worked. It cut a cameltoe, but it actually worked.
I grabbed her sweat bottoms, smalls, and pulled them on. I stretched their capacities a little and I was definitely showing my package. "Let's go, before too many people see us. It's a better joke if fewer people see it."
Kim called from the top bunk, where she was watching us, "Oh, it's a joke all right." She laughed.
We booked it for the bathrooms, both only in sweatpants, grinning with silly wild abandon, only to meet several people up and walking there themselves. We were both laughing, and we got some laughs back. Getting in the bathroom, I said, "your choice. I'm using the urinals. You can too, if you want, but it might not work as well."
"Thanks. I'll go the normal way."
I read a study once that said that peeing took just about 21 seconds in almost all mammals, from tiny mice to giant elephants. It occurred to me to count, so I counted out loud, "1, 2, 3, ...."
Amber asked what I was doing, I said wait, finished peeing, and finished counting, "23!"
She ducked out a moment later from the zigzag entrance to the stalls, her sweats up over her boobs again. I was rinsing off my hands at the sink. Another girl, walking by, looked at her and chuckled, so Amber told her, "LOOK, YOU get to be THAT tall, and reach things. I get to be short, and wear far more stylish clothing!" They both laughed.
On the way back, we got more bemused looks, including from our habmates once we got back. Kim and Jamie were on the top bunk, sitting up.
Jamie said, "I heard you giggling halfway down the gallery."
Amber pulled off the sweatpants, becoming fully naked again, and started climbing up the ladder to them. Obviously, she'd made her choice. I followed suit and dropped the constrictive sweats and headed up behind her gorgeous ass. I tried, but didn't quite make it fast enough, to kiss her butt going up. Jamie saw me lunge and miss and smiled as she held the blankets out for Amber to get back in.
I crawled up and sat a moment, then crawled up between her and Kim where I'd been overnight, pulling the covers out and settling in, my back to Kim but reaching back and rubbing her thigh. She put her hand on my shoulder and I could feel her cool soft breast (and even hard nipple) rubbing against my back. "So," I said, "Kevin's Orgasm Service, would anyone like to place an order? You -- " I looked at Amber with provocative eyes, "what's your order?"
She giggled a little and said, "I'll have 2, please."
I pretended to write on a scratch pad with my finger, "Right, 2. How do you want them done? We have the Chef's special today, which is boob-over-easy nipple-lick side-lay. Or, we got the double-nip front-up with a cowboy chaser. Then, there's the snarf platter, that's kind of a smorgasbord of fleshy delights, but it's more difficult 'cuz you have to tell the chefs what you want and keep them challenged." I had 3 different ideas for what to do, so it was all just putting names on things I had in my head.
"Wow..." She was smiling broadly, "Uh, I don't know. What would you recommend?"
I looked at Kim, and said, "Well, I'll let the other chefs put in their opinions, based on how much work they feel like doing and whether they think they might want to nibble what they cook, or be able to have a full bite or two." The code I was speaking was not lost on Jamie or Kim. Amber was kind of turned on, I could see her squirm a little.
Kim said, "I'm happy to cook, I like the company. I'll have a bite at least, maybe more, depends on my mood. Jamie?"
Jamie was blushing, and I noticed Amber was a little, too, but trying to get past it. Jamie said, "Oh, that sounds good. I think I'm in for a bite."
"Amber?"
"What was that cowboy thing?"
"Yes, double-nip up-front with a cowboy chaser. That's me kneeling over ... Aw, heck, it's easier to show you."
"Okay, I'll have that then."
I pushed up, straddling Amber's chest, and said, "Scoot down a tad."
Getting to the point of straddling her shoulders, I was high enough to lean over and Amber could start sucking my cock. Behind me, I was far enough up, I thought, so I said, "Right. Now, Kim, Jamie, you come around behind me and lick her boobs."
Amber, seeing my rising cock in front of her face, took it in her mouth and started giving a passable blowjob while Kim and Jamie moved around behind me. They both felt up my butt, but then I could feel their heads right against the back of my thighs as they were licking Amber's breasts and nipples. Amber obviously felt this, and made "Mmmmmmm..." sounds as she sucked me.
I heard the door open behind us; I turned around and, walking through in towels were Dana, Lisa, Jo, and Heather. They all filed between the bed and the wall to get out. I saw a set of glances up, broad smiles, but mostly studious avoidance of looking at us as they opened the outer door, exited, and closed it.
Once they were past a minute, I said, "Okay, next, we need to get the rest of Amber's body interested. Amber, bring your legs up and open, so Jamie and Kim can reach your bits, if they're able to. They know what they like, but if you want something different, speak up."
Amber said, "Mmmmhhh Hmmmh," since her mouth was full of my cock. Her eyes were closed and she was enjoying the feelings. I reached back with my hands and petted Jamie's side and gave her butt a little squeeze, then, leaning a bit, got my hand far enough down to rub it on her inner thigh, letting my pinkie just graze her sex. I felt her jump a little and make a small whining noise, so I kept it up for a moment.
Leaning back, I wanted to make sure Kim was kept entertained, but I couldn't quite reach her ass, but I could reach her breasts, so I gently cupped and kneaded them a little. Amber was making progress on my cock, but I wanted to make sure she had opportunities. "Amber, go slower or I'll pop off in your mouth and I think you want this cock somewhere else."
She opened her eyes, her self-involved knotted-brow anticipation apparent. Looking up at me with something akin to pure lust on her face, she nodded, holding my cock in her mouth and swirling around with her tongue.
I could see, turning slightly, that both Jamie's hand and Kim's hand were in Amber's crotch, giving her a good time, one set of fingers going in and the others making clit-circles.
This was as close as we'd come to actual group-sex. A girl touching another girl's privates was very different than boob-play.
I was turned on like Wow, yes - I loved the fact they could help each other.
Amber stopped sucking my cock and laid her head back, breathing hard and moaning. I stayed in place, watching her breathe. She still had my hard cock in her right hand, and my butt cheek in her left, but she let go of my cock and grabbed my hips, moaning louder and squirming, "Ahhhhhhh...... Ahhh..... llllooooooooggggoooodddd..... Ohhhhhh..... yesssssss... ohhhh that's ...... oh.... Yes, yes, ......yes....Uh huh, yes.... Right .... There, yes......Ahhhhhhhh .... Ahhhhhh.... Ahhh!!!!! Ahhhh! OhhhOOOO!!! OhhhOOOO!!! OhhhOOOO!!! OhhhOOOO!!!" Amber came, squirming, pulling at me, coming strongly, yanking my hips around, squirming, delight all over her face.
After about a minute of this, she calmed down, and opened her eyes, a spent and exhausted look in her eyes. I said, "Hold up, Jamie, Kim, I'm backing up."
They moved out of the way, and I backed up, moving all the way down between Amber's legs and picking them up in front of me, rested her hips on my kneeling thighs as I pulled her legs apart in a high-V shape. I said, "Jamie, I have to hold these, can you put me in?"
Jamie nodded, and reached down, grabbing my cock and guiding it into Amber's waiting snatch, rubbing up and down a little. I thrust home, and said, "Ohhhh, that's great! You're so ... tight... "
As I said that, I saw Amber's face grin a little and felt her bear down on my cock with her inner muscles.
"Ohhhh my god, you have inner muscle control, that's so fabulous, ohhhh...." I stroked in and out, Kim and Jamie just watching. I said, "Kim, Jamie, cook's option. You can make yourselves happy, which will make me happy, or you can watch, which will also make me happy, or you can lick Amber's boobs some more, which will make Amber happy, your .... choice..."
Jamie chose to lay on her back and rub her own crotch for a while, and Kim just watched, bringing her hand up and squeezing and pulling Amber's nearest nipple, feeling the weight of Amber's breast and moving it back and forth as she did that, stroking the whole breast, moving it, and then pulling her hand in to the nipple, rolling it, and pulling, then repeating the process.
Amber's sensations were already up, and another couple of minutes of this and she was coming again, "Ahhh.... Ohhhhhhhhhhhh myyyyyy gooooodddd I'mmmmmm cummminnnnngggg!!!!! Oohhhhhh Yesssssssss Ahhhh! Ahhhh! Ahhhh! Ahhhh! Ahhhh! ...." This set of joy was echoed by Jamie, who also had reached a peak, one hand in her pussy and the other making frantic rubbing on her clit. The sight of them coming started pushing me up, and the throbbing grip of Amber's internal muscles as she came, brought me up, closer... closer...
I increased my pace, holding her legs to my chest as I pushed myself into her, fucking her entire lower half as I pulled her legs onto me, the tight soft hotness of her cunt wrapping me, her hard pulsing grabbingly-tight internal grip pulling on me as I went in and out. I exploded, pushing into her and pulling up on her legs, thrusting in and crying out at the same time, loudly, I didn't care who heard me, maybe people outside, I didn't care, "AHHHHH!!!! AHHHHH!!!! AHHHHH!!!! ... " I came and came, I could feel my cock pulse in her as my mind pulsed in the joy of it, able only to see the stars and tunnel vision, intermittently visible as I glanced down and saw Jamie still coming and rolling around. I also saw between orgasmic flashing in my vision, an again-loving-it (orgasming-maybe) Amber, renewed by my rapid pounding. Her breasts bounced as I slammed into her and then pushed and jiggled slightly as I twisted in ecstatic twitching motions.
Slowing, I breathed in gasps and deep gutteral groans, then letting go a little, renewed a little thrusting motion and had to pause fo reach one, the overwhelming echoes of the too-sensitive sensations forcing me to stop despite wanting to continue.
Amber opened her eyes widely with the amazingness of the event. "Well... that was a ... thing."
I nodded, putting her legs down and pulling out of her, then laying down between Kim and her where there was slightly more room. My cock was quite wet, dripping a little, very much semi-hard. I lay back on my back, not giving Kim much room, so she had to sidle up to me, throwing a leg over mine. Jamie grabbed the blankets and pulled them up over us, then lay back while we all breathed a little.
"Kim," I said, "Sorry you missed out on the Orgasm Express this morning?"
She smiled at me and kissed my cheek smartly, examining where she'd kissed then looking at my eyes, "I'm doing just fine. You, however, are somewhat better than that."
"Oh, yeah!" I said, a huge smile on my face. "And, I think Amber might have enjoyed the order she placed. The chefs apparently did a pretty good job with her ....'dish'."
Jamie laughed, "The chefs appreciated the experience, too... At least, this one did."
Amber was still grinning and just lying there with her eyes closed, a mile-wide open-mouthed relaxed-happy expression on her face.
The door opened and the girls got back from their shower and saw us lying there, happy contented faces and all, under the covers. Dana was about to say something, but Lisa 'Shhh!'d her and they walked into the backhab, shutting doors as they went.
Kim put her head down and relaxed, but I could tell something was up.
I said, "Kim? What's up? You seem pensive."
"Oh, dunno. I guess I should have expected this a bit. We didn't talk about it much when we had our first meeting last week. We have since then, a little, while we were planting yesterday. This group, this being in a group of women, there's this expectation, like, among guys? You seem to think we're all okay with being lesbians."
"Oh! I'm sorry! I didn't know you felt strongly about it. I didn't mean to do that!" I turned to her, "I'm worried now. Did I go too far? I thought you'd be okay with that, with doing some touching and helping, but I didn't realize it might be that uncomfortable."
"No, it's not ... THAT uncomfortable, it's just a minor thing, I'm ... I'm not very at-ease touching girls, like, sexually. I haven't done it much. I know some people are like, really into it, but it's not really normal for me. I guess I'm going to have to get used to it here, we don't have many options. I can't really complain, though, 'cuz it is pretty sexy watching you come. Watching means not being so preoccupied with receiving the... dicking, I guess... so I can see what you're really feeling close up. It's intimate that way, but it's not so... perverse."
Jamie laughed, "Perverse. I love that word."
Kim said, "What!? It is."
Jamie settled into an 'explain-it' mode, "It's not perverse to do lesbian stuff. You can be straight. You just have to be a little flexible. It's all just skin; it's all just people. I did it a couple of times in college, for fun, but I wasn't really into it. I like dick too much to give it up."
Amber said, "Boobs are nice, too."
I piped in, "I concur. Boobs are very nice."
Our voices must have carried a bit, because the door to the backhab opened again and they walked in, dressed. Jo asked, "So, you lazybums gonna get up this morning, or just lie there and indulge in wicked evil carnal pleasures of the flesh?" She was smiling.
I said, "I haven't decided yet. Is that seriously an option?"
Kim said, "No way. We had a lunch meeting of primes yesterday again and Sophia wants us to all be really thorough with the setup instructions and ensure they're followed exactly and completely for each habitat, and to make notes in first binder, 1001, about what needs doing as a checklist and what's been done, so she can have someone come through and check it all."
I nodded, "Yeah, I know, I did that. I mean, I suggested it."
Kim looked at me, "My thought. We weren't keeping track of what we'd done when I was with you... well, the hab... as we did stuff, and day before yesterday I watched people do the same things over again."
Jamie pulled down the covers and started getting out. I said, "Time to go."
We all piled out, grabbed towels, and walked out. Amber was very proper with arranging her towel first, but Jamie just slung it over her shoulder, letting it mostly-drape her but not worrying too much.
I felt kind of freed-up and decided to do the same thing, only holding the towel in front of me instead of wrapping it around. I got some stares and some raised eyebrows as we walked, but I figured this kind of thing would catch on pretty quickly, or it wouldn't, and no-harm, no-foul.
Showering, I went over and gave a big showerhug to Jamie, and we chatted for a moment. I said, "So, you're alpha today, right?"
"Yup. Been looking forward to this."
"I'll bet."
"Think we might try something during the day? We ARE working together, you know."
"Point made. I'm okay with it, but we don't want to make our reading-compatriots uncomfortable."
"Oh, no, I have an idea about that."
"Do you?"
"Tell you later. Get clean. It's getting late."
I moved over and finished my washing. My redhead friend, Cathy, came in, looking very satisfied and happy, and walked straight up to me, holding out her arms. I held out mine, and she joined me. I said, "You look happy."
"Yep. Just got some."
"Oooohhh," I said, nodding, "Good for you! Good for you!"
"Thank you. I feel quite the new woman. It wasn't everything I'd hoped it might be, but it was just fine for starters, and I got a rockin' O out of it. Better than most mornings."
I asked, "Pardon me for asking, but, first time in a while, first time with him, or did you find a girl you liked?"
She laughed, "I like all my habmates, and yes, I do like them a lot, but not that way yet. Just my arrow. He was nice and attentive today; yesterday Rita gave him a talking-to and explained some things, and told him to pay attention or he'd find it would become a very cold summer."
"He got the message?"
"Loud and clear. I got a thorough carpet cleaning - I'd told him he would be there until I said he could get up, and he actually did it. I'm not sure I would have had the wherewithal to resist when I was close if he'd have just climbed up me, but staying led to the nice-all-overs I really, really wanted."
"You didn't answer about the 'first in a while' thing. Seems my habmates had a long dry spell before they came here. They were all kind of set up to be randy when we arrived."
"Yeah. I've heard that. They were pretty intent on us getting here and bonding fast. As a practical matter, that is, I kind of see why they were going there. The special exercises were an added bonus."
"Special? You mean, yoga?"
"No, silly, the kegels. To prevent hernia, they said."
"Yeah, I did those, too. ... And, you're right about them having an effect."
She grinned, "Good for you, then? You last longer?"
"Oh, no, not for me. I'm fine. No complaints from anyone yet. But the girls? My habmates? They all can grab me like nobody's business. It's freaky how tight they can hold on to me, almost like they've got a handgrip down there now."
"I really did mine -- I set a phone alarm. The fact that they told us heavy lifting, and limited medical facilities? That's code for, 'Don't get sick or you'll die.' I didn't want a hernia, especially if we were lifting heavy things a lot like they said we would." She paused, and said, contemplatively, "Actually, we are doing those things, and we are in a spot with limited medical facilities. So, they were right. But, the vise grip feature is a great add for us, too. It feels great to be able to bear down on it as it's in there. Makes it more real, more sensations."
"Ah. Didn't know what. Certainly nice for me!"
Kim tapped me on the shoulder and said, "Come on, loverboy. We've got ditches to dig. It's 6:50, we've got to get moving before the 7 am."
Cathy and I said goodbye; she was apparently less worried about timing. Most of the people left in the showers had smiles on their faces, so I figured there was a somewhat uniform reason for some people to be late in the showers. It made sense; alphas and arrows should be allowed to sleep in a little longer on their days. That meant more time for me, every day... Except for my job.
Downward
Walking in late, about 7:05, I saw Sophia standing up in the front, and she looked at me and motioned me up to her.
"What's up?" I asked.
"Big news coming, I'll need your help today with me. Get your crew and stick around. You can eat in the meantime."
"K."
"Attention! Attention! 7 am meeting! Quiet please!"
[She read from a sheet of paper where she'd made notes, it looked like a full page.]
"I have a relatively full set of announcements, and not all of them are good, so here goes. Number 1, is good news. Yesterday we got the last of the animals out of their shipping containers. The only ones left there are the eggs that haven't hatched -- ducks, geese, chickens, owls, they're still incubating, but the rest of them are out and wandering around. There are fish, too, that will be released later this week, as soon as the reeds grow a little. So, progress there."
"My city engineer, Kevin, told me yesterday we are about 50% done with setup now, counting the hours required to scatter and rake in grass seed and to set up the skinning area mechanical works so we can have real meat out of this process."
"After breakfast, we'll go by hab work parties to the same areas as the first day, and finish everything. Make notes on what you've done so far in binder 1001, on the second page, it's blank. Write small! Note what tasks remain."
"Next topic. Normal Church Services. Tomorrow morning, Sunday, there will be normal church services. There's a variety of religions here, so you should be able to find something that sort-of-fits for you if you want it. Location is cafeterias. Catholics will meet on level 1, conservative Protestants on 2, Unitarians or non-denominational liberals on 3, Jewish people on 4, and the catch-all, Buddhists, Wicca, Moslems, Hindus, Sikhs, all that - on 5. [she repeated this last thing 3 times]. Level 5 will break out to different areas once they assess how many people of each religion there are."
Next topic: Sunday afternoon. The city council decided to make tomorrow a day-off, if you want it. Feel free to sleep in. There will be no 7 am meeting, though I'll be here if anyone has questions. Church services at 10 am. Next meeting is Monday morning, day after tomorrow, 7 am like normal."
Okay, that's it. Habs A1 to A5 come down here in order by bed number. Everyone else, we'll do it at lunch or find you while you're working. Let's get these animals squared away, and make notes in binder 1001 with status of that gallery's prep."
She stepped down, and everyone started talking at once.
Jamie and I met up with Marsha, Tanya, and Daria and went out to the rabbits-1 gallery to sit in their hab. Rabbits were pretty quiet. The goats, sheep, and alpacas bleated all the time, and the birds had a constant 'cheep!' that as background noise wasn't so soothing for multiple hours on end.
Roundabouts 11, Jamie asked to take a walk with me. I could tell she'd been antsy all morning, but when she brought a towel with her, I was a little confused. "Relax." was the response.
Walking outward, deeper away down the long, long, long rabbit gallery, we got out quite a ways, still headed down the long gallery, calmly walking. She was holding my hand, which was pleasant enough as a walk in the country through dirt, every once in a while passing through an enclosure gate we'd had to carry all the way out there and set up. The bare ground in this gallery had already been laboriously seeded and raked. Each fence we passed through took us another 100 meters and further into invisibility from the officehab.
I began to be suspicious of the plans that were in store but said nothing, just happy to walk in the silence with her. The silence in an underground soft-dirt-filled gallery is beyond any other silences I'd ever not-heard, only the sounds of our own breathing and some footfall noise, the swishing of our (dirty) jeans and nothing, absolutely nothing else.
Getting to the back of the gallery we saw the container-sized sealed slab garage door that was at the end of all these galleries, and above, where the pipes went into the wall though holes not much larger than the pipes themselves. I'd have loved to have been able to get up there and peer around the pipe to see if I could see lights, but we'd been too busy for that and tracing down all the piping in the known areas was hard enough. The dirt right there gave way to granite the same setup as in the other end of the gallery, and after touching the far end wall, we started back.
Jamie had other things in mind, however.
Just past where the dirt started again, she stopped and spread out 3 towels she'd brought along as a passable picnic blanket so we could lie down.
After we got ourselves situated, laying side by side face up on our makeshift "bed", she said, "I got you during the day, too. I really wanted to have a chance to have you alone for a little while. Everyone else has had the chance, but there's been people around, and I wanted to have our 'us' time in a more secluded spot."
"Sounds good to me. I kind of figured that when we started walking out here." I rolled over on my side, propping my self up on one arm, "it is a pretty good idea, though. Lots of space out here."
"And, we're not so rushed. At night, you've been tired, I've seen it, and that has to cut into your sleep."
I smiled in a wistful way, "Well, yes, but ... Sometimes there are things far better than sleep."
She smiled, "Kev, seriously. I noticed! I couldn't NOT have noticed. Sex with you seems to not be a quiet activity."
"Which is a good thing."
"Absolutely! No worries there! But, it is interesting to be an observer from outside the experience."
I ran my hand over her chest, below her boobs, idly, "You don't have to be quiet now."
"Oh? You were under some delusion that I had plans on being quiet?"
I laughed, and pulled up her sweatshirt and shirt and rubbed my hand across her warm stomach, just feeling her skin.
Suddenly, she convulsed with a tickle-response, "OOPPP!"
"Sorry."
"Just a little harder, firmer, 'kay?"
"It might help if I could see a little more of what I'm doing."
"I thought you'd never ask."
She rolled over and stood up, stripping off her clothes quickly and efficiently while I watched, just enjoying the show. It wasn't really a show, but when a girl is stripping for you, you stop and pay attention.
"You're grinning like an idiot, Kev."
"I'm enjoying the view."
"You're wearing too many clothes, that's what you're doing."
"Oh. I guess I am." I stood up and started taking off my clothes. Jamie sat down on the blankets, cross-legged, her boobs hanging a bit but her bush delightfully visible and open despite being downward-facing. I finished taking off my socks, my feet sinking a bit into the almost-mud damp dirt beneath the towels. "I think we're going to have some towels to wash out later."
"Small price to pay."
"Granted." I sat down cross-legged very close to and facing her, my barely-hard cock sticking out towards her.
She looked down and stared at it for about 10 seconds. "I want to taste you."
"Nope."
She looked up at me, a bit shocked. I said, "I want to taste you first."
Her face yielded the 'I'm thinking' expression and she said, "Would kissing first be a compromise?"
I lay down next to her, and she shifted to lie next facing each other, kissing for a long while, our tongues playing happily, with little agenda. Her had went down my body, and mine went down hers, rubbing her back, massaging it, over and around her butt playing with her ass cheeks, even slapping them a couple of times and making her eyes pop open.
Coming up for air, she said softly, "I haven't generally been into the spanking thing, but if you want try it, I'm game. I saw what you did with Kim, and she seemed to like it a lot."
"Her preference. Kim is her own person. You are your own person. You tell me what you like. I'll try a bit, but give me 'harder' and 'softer', 'kay?"
"Okay."
I rolled her over on her back and started kissing my way down her body, keeping my knee up between her legs and in firm contact as I kissed down across her tender neck, planting hot breaths under her ear and then moving down past her clavicle to her left breast where I nuzzled and licked around. Her hips ground up and down a little on my knee and thigh, her arms holding my firmly planted right arm and pulling herself into it. She was plenty wet already, I could feel the moisture on my leg.
Her nipple was pointy in the cool 14-degree (55f) air, so when I licked it, flatly and slowly, then again, starting from outside the areola and moving in and across, and again, repeating, her groans of appreciation grew. I moved to the other breast, then added a small lips-over-teeth bite behind the nipple and pulling out, then touching ever-so-gently the tip of her nipple with my tongue.
Her body responded to this attention by going somewhat wavy, shifting around and fidgeting with more moans of pleasure.
I released her breast and kissed my way down, finding small kisses on her lower abdomen and inner thigh made her try to push my head inward to her sex, but I resisted for a couple of kisses to build her anticipation. Coming up from the bottom, I flat-licked with my wide, fully-out tongue, up her vulva, pressing out on her engorged inner lips. Not quite reaching the top, I repeated this, getting closer to her clit, then finding it and going over it, then around on either side.
At some point I should mention that I took several courses in anatomy, which led to having a deep understanding of the blood flow, components, and dynamics of the entire female clitoral nervous, muscular, and endocrine systems. For instance, there is evidence that starting sex with preliminary stimulation of the urethra by pressure on both sides of it will stimulate the urethral corpus spongiosum to release serotonin, which enhances nerve function but takes several minutes to take effect.
Of course, there's also the halban's fascia along the top of the vaginal wall, which likewise vasocongests (erects) and further stimulates erection and sensitivity of the clitoral tissue. All that erectile, mega-nerve-filled clitoral tissue extends some distance back along the length of the vagina, creating the grafenberg spot, the 'g-spot' (which is feather-edge too deep for fingers in most women), but knowing it's there, I'd found that initial and gentle stimulation of the reachable part with two separable fingers was effective to stretch slightly (without poking the bladder!) and get it to pop up and get really excited and happy. The whole area is fascinatingly complex, and it really helped to be able to visualizing it so I could tickle and push the different inside parts.
To say that I was just licking and finger-playing kind of understates the way I tended to work the parts. It occurred to me as I was doing this that I could probably call a meeting of some of my fellow arrows and teach a little seminar on what to stimulate and how. There might even, I thought with a wide grin, be a couple of female volunteers who might be willing to allow us to examine them and practice various techniques. It would probably be a big ask, though, for most women -- "Lie here, legs out, we're all going to take turns licking you and poking your vagina with our fingers. Just respond normally! Pleasure not guaranteed, but maybe so." I actually chuckled out loud when I thought that idea through.
Jamie didn't notice my laughter. She was too busy feeling everything I was doing to her.
Her moaning built up and up, and she came, squirming, writhing, clamping on my head with her legs, but I held her in place with my other arm and moved with her, slowing down my stimulation until she'd relaxed. Her breathing went back to normal, and I started again, first to an objection and then to acceptance as I set up another slow rhythm, watching the taut 6-pack of abdomen and stomach muscles compress and loosen as I varied the intensity on different parts.
After the second orgasm and about halfway towards the third, she stopped me and said, "IN ME. NOW. GET. IN. ME."
I would have, but my cock had dropped a little and needed a little help, so she bent up while I was kneeling and sucked me for a while, pulling my cock up to full hardness in short order with a desperate air in both her swirling deep-throated suck and her simultaneous hand-jacking on the base as she hummed loudly over the head.
Jamie knew how to suck cock. She knew very, very well. This was a girl that I could get attached to.
Only a minute or two of this and I was fully up. I said, "How do you want me?"
She lay back on her back and said, "HERE. Missionary, please. Now. NOW." She glared at me, her brow knitted, and I could tell she desperately wanted filling, so I came down over her and started to pushed myself in, slowly.
She said, "No. NOW." Her hips thrust up against mine. "Harder."
Our faces were inches apart, our eyes locked into one another, feeling the tension ebb and flow as my cock went in and out of her, filling her, going away just for a moment, then coming back in, full and deep. My pubic bone ground into hers, and I knew doing that was pulling her clitoral hood up and away, further stimulating her clit while my cock was deepest into her and also getting pressure and small, wet, slippery frictions on her g-spot.
Pressing in over and over, I felt her getting more and more intense, her eyes locked into mine, her face contorted in a gasping want, her arms locked around me pulling me into her. Her breath, too, gasped; she closed her eyes and threw her head back and yelled loudly as she came. Inside, I felt her constrict around me, the pulses at.8 seconds, and I sped up, feeling her constrictions grabbing my cock powerfully in ways that made my own orgasm sprout forth, spewing into her.
I pushed hard, burying my cock as hard as I could, groaning loudly myself in the agony of beautiful explosive release. My shooting cum constricted all of me as each wave filled me and let me go, spasms that drove my hips automatically to bend and push into her, deeply, fully, together, one body, connected.
I couldn't breathe really well even though I was panting and I had to force myself to take a deep, halting breath. She, too, drew a shuddering breath and quivered, her face open and surprised with the happy-happy. Her eyes, still, looked at mine, then around my face.
We relaxed against each other for a minute or so, and I asked, "am I too heavy on you?"
"No, it's wonderful, you're grounding me... I'm on the ground. I'm sane, too, and you're helping with that, too, but the weight is nice. You press me in all the right places!"
I smiled caringly, and said, "My aim is to please... And satisfy. Which, it sounds like I did."
She shook her head in appreciative disbelief, "There's zero doubt about that!"
As my cock slipped out of her, her eyes closed in concentration, she gave a small inhalation of disappointed surprise. "Oh, he's gone... Damnit."
I laughed, "All good things must come to an end."
Reaching my butt and cupping both cheeks in her hands, she said, "Yes, you have a very good 'end'. Very nice. Firm. Useful for pumping into me. Thank you."
I lifted off her and lay by her side for a moment, relaxing and watching her breasts rise and fall with her breathing. Her nipples, no longer covered, rose up in puckered buds, so I said, "The one thing about the temperature down here -- it's nice for working out, cool and all, but it's hard to just hang out in a t-shirt or less... I'm cold, would you mind?"
"No, yes, let's get dressed again, I'm cold too. That ground was cold below me."
"You should have said something. I could have been on the bottom."
"No, I need you warm so I can take advantage of you again later."
I laughed, "I hope I'm up for it. The schedule around here has almost been a challenge. The obvious incentive is to make love with amazingly beautiful women," I looked at her pointedly, and looked down her body a bit as she only had a bra on and was about to pull on her shirt, "Gives me an excellent reason to disregard my own weaknesses in favor of the 'Oh My God' factor of 'I get to touch this?'
She laughed and said, "Thank you, and you're welcome, Kev. I'm not the most beautiful one in our group, I know that, but I hope I'm at least okay by comparison."
"You're saying something that I can't talk about, Jamie. I can't go there. Everyone is beautiful in their own way. I'm not falling into that trap. You're beautiful, and you know it, and I know it, and we can't get into this thing like that. It wouldn't be right. You're functionally asking me to compare who's more beautiful, even by saying you're not. I can't do that, at all, ever, even if it's to stop you from doing the same thing."
She nodded, but didn't say anything. I knew she realized what I was talking about, but I think she really wanted to be told she was the most beautiful even if we both knew it wasn't true.
When I say it wasn't true, I don't want to be ignoring her perks, her attractiveness. She was the most 'plain' of the girls in my hab, but the way the others were over-the-top pretty (to me, at least) made a more normal person like Jamie all the more attractive in her own way, that of being special for being so normal.
We packed up and rolled up the hugely mud-encrusted towels and I knew we'd have to clean later and hoofed it back to the officehab in the beyond-the-curve distance.
While we walked, mostly in silence, I looked over and saw her face was gleaming happy, but there was a sadness to her eyes. "You look happy, but you also look sad."
"My mom. I wish I could tell her about this. You just blew my mind, in all the best ways. That's some of the best sex I've ever had in my life, and I can't tell her. You're one of the most interesting, dynamic people I've ever met, and I can't tell her."
We trudged on a minute, and I said, "My mom thinks I'm dead. In one way, I'm in hell, gone down to a subterranean hole with beautiful fallen angels, doomed to work and slave forevermore in manual labor. At least it isn't hot here, no fire and brimstone. But, on the other level, I'm in heaven, I'm getting to meet fascinating, thoughtful, caring people, and I'm surrounded by love. There's no harps, but there's no pitchforks, either. Some parts hell, some parts heaven."
She nodded, thinking about it.
I stopped and touched her shoulder, and said, "Stop a minute."
She turned to me.
"Jamie, I love you. Thank you."
She smiled wide and hugged me tight, and started crying. I was crying, too.
The officehab was empty when we got back, the lunch-ho bell had run and we were missing out on vittles. We walked to the cafeteria and ate, mostly in our own silence, apart from others, just thinking about our own things.
Not talking about something that's troubling, but nonetheless sitting near someone in silence, knowing the other person is thinking about the same sorts of things you are... can be quite comforting sometimes.
Jamie's Night
After lunch, we trudged back to the rabbits' officehab and worked for the rest of the day on what kinds of teams we'd need to put together, scenarios to anticipate, etc. We came up with impending suicide, fire, burst-pipe, murder, fistfights, rape, bad water, power outages, no hot water, and some others.
Each scenario had to have dedicated people to handle it, project plans, etc. We worked up preliminary plans for each, basically calling for departments with firemen, emergency ambulance/healthcare, social workers, police, and a mail or courier service. That was aside from a police department/squad, which we'd already recommended to the mayor.
All this took time.
We broke about 7:30 pm and went to get dinner. After, Jamie wanted to go on a short walk, so we went out.
I hadn't visited the lower levels but once, so we decided to go there. After we were well away from the hab, I asked, "What's up?"
"I want to tell you something but I don't know how."
"Oh. Is it about baseball? I've been missing the Red Sox games."
She laughed, "No...." We walked on. This whole conversation was obviously going to take a while.
Eventually, she said, "It was really nice today, in the back, just you and me. I hadn't touched a real, live dick in about 18 months."
"Long time."
"Yeah. That isn't to say I hadn't had sex."
It dawned on me what she was talking about. "So, you're lesbian?"
"No, I'm bi. I like dick, a LOT. Mainly, I like guys. It's just... I broke up with my last boyfriend, and I thought we were going to get married, but it didn't work out. Then, I met this girl I liked, and I had a rebound relationship with her. She was using me for sex -- she was way older than I was... she "IS" older, I should say, she's not dead. I'm the one who's, effectively, dead... Anyway... So, I liked her. It was good sex. But, I thought I'd better tell you before too long."
"Does everyone else know?"
"I told them yesterday. They're cool with it. We were a little concerned how you'd react."
"Me? What does it matter how I react? You're the one with the odd situation. I'm just here for the food."
She laughed again. "No, seriously...?"
"Your odds for lifetime happiness are better than most people's, here, given the gender ratio. I'm not upset by you being bi -- I mean, Come on! - I just had great sex with you, so obviously you're okay with that. Even if you weren't, and don't want to do it again, I'm okay. I have options here. Even if everyone in our hab decides to be exclusively lesbian, I can always find somewhere else that needs a 'convenient cock' or whatever." I'd made a funny voice for that last bit, and smiled at my own humor.
"Are you going to act different? With me?"
"Why would I? I think the question is, are any other girls in our hab interested in sleeping with you? Even more than that, if you want to have more group-sex things where you get a taste of both sides, then I'm okay with that, too."
We'd gone down from level 3 to level 6 by then, and I suddenly realized, "Hey, you know, we've never met the city engineers of any other levels."
"True. Want to find one?"
"If they even have one, hell yeah."
Jamie stopped the first person we passed, someone heading for the shower, and said, "Hey, we're from level 3. Do you have a city engineer?"
The other girl stopped, recognized me and smiled, then looked back to Jamie, "Uh, I think so. But, I don't remember her name or where she lives."
"Who's your mayor?"
"Kristen Laidlock. She's in hab... Don't remember. Gallery F or G, in the back."
"Ok, thanks."
After some hunting, we found their mayor and she found their engineer, Danni, for us. We chatted a while and made friends; Danni insisted on giving me a long, long hug and kiss on the cheek for the transcript and my speech afterwards, which she said changed some people's behavior from being combative to commiserative.
She also said her team had been working on just understanding where the pipes went, so I answered some questions she had. We agreed it'd be a great thing to get together with engineers from other levels and compare notes. Monday mid-morning, level 4, we decided, would be good -- we had to find the other engineers and tell them and get them to come.
Just getting in touch with people was a pattern we had to develop. No one was telling us to do this, it just made sense.
We went back upstairs feeling really good about ourselves. On the way up, we were passed by about 10 sport-runners who were sprinting up the ramps, full speed, huffing all the way. The thought of sprinting uphill was something I missed, not being able to run recently because of the brainwork I was doing.
Back at our hab, things were not all hunky dory.
Dana and Lisa were fighting, something to do with how Dana had told Lisa something in confidence and Lisa had mentioned it to this girl they both knew in the next hab. I didn't care too much, but I needed to get my towel to shower, so I risked walking in.
This was a mistake.
Being the male in the room meant I was an unbiased observer and could adjudicate the problem. I said, "I think I am not the right person to help this problem, I'm just getting my towel." I left. Both of them didn't like this answer and followed me out to the midhab and then to the fronthab room, claiming I had to help them, it was my obligation, just like a guy to leave without participating in any emotional conversations. As soon as I went out the door with Jamie, though, they turned around and harumph'd back into the backhab, and then started talking again, but not about me. So, I was in the clear.
Jamie dissuaded me from the concept I was in the clear, "By not participating at all, you showed you don't care who wins. This is emotional detachment, which is an insult."
I said, "But, I don't care -- I mean, I really, really don't care."
"Sure, but you can't say that."
"I didn't!!!"
"Well, you did. Symbolically."
"What?"
"You should have said you saw their points of view and it sounded like a tough question. Doesn't obligate you. Doesn't show you're better, by being the guy who 'fixes things' because he's smarter or whatever. Just - you see it, ack it, and leave then."
"But I don't see their points! I don't know the context!"
"Sure, but they wanted commiseration. You gave them indifference or rejection, depending on how each of them saw it."
"Oh." I had no way of rebutting that.
"So next time..."
"I'm supposed to have an opinion? That's a trap!"
"Yes, it's a trap, if your opinion favors one or the other. You can say you want to help but you can't have an opinion."
"That's the same damn thing!"
"Almost, but they won't see it that way."
"Egads." We walked in silence for a minute, and then we were there.
In the showers, she said, "Think up a couple of different phrases. Each should be a variation on the 'can't take sides' theme. You want to help, but, damn, can't, you're Switzerland, whatever. Say, you'll be glad to help once they've worked it out, or you'd like to hear more but you're committed to do this other thing, or something like that."
"I'm not going to lie. I'm not glad to help them work it out. I don't want any part of it."
"You're kind of already in the middle, sometimes. So, you'd better be prepared, or you're going to get raked over the coals the first time someone gets into a hot-button verbal teardown. Create some scenarios, and memorize your phrases."
"This is an engineering problem?"
"Human engineering. Really, it's Sociology 443, uhh... 'Expectations of the Modern Subterranean Female'. You're doing okay so far, that was pretty minor. We're all aware you have very little experience, but that patience will eventually wear out."
My sense of doom increased. "Lovely," I said, sarcastically.
There were other people showering, and a bunch of side conversations. I saw a lot more girls checking out my package now; it seems the internal restrictions on women ogling men were relaxing just in the natural course of things.
Of course, I ogled myself, watching boobs bounce, watching water drip off curvy bits. It was still sexy as hell, but I was getting to be a bit more realistic about the fact that these were people (female, humans) that happened to have delicious bits, instead of (as it had started out being) a bunch of juicy delicious female bits with people (humans) attached.
We washed up relatively quickly and went back to the hab. Jamie got dressed; I borrowed a sweatshirt (but still in my towel on the bottom) so I didn't have to go to my cabinet in the backhab. We joined Heather who had been reading, shifting her so we could all be on the same couch and I could be warmer. Heat was a thing when it's always 55 F everywhere.
Sitting between Jamie and Heather kept me nice and warm. Lisa and Dana were still debating something, we could hear, but I think the sound of us talking prompted them to come in and sit down across from us.
My arms were around Jamie and my hands up under her shirt, just hugging her stomach. Her abs would lock rock-hard when she laughed or shifted position; she'd put in some serious weightlifting and strength training; when they came in we all shifted and were talking, they both just looked tired and kind of sad. Jamie narrated where we'd gone and the changed subject probably helped everyone.
Pretty soon, the night bell rang and everyone went to brush teeth. Jamie and I had done that already so we went right up to the bed. Getting in naked saved troubles later, but I'd decided the previous night (based on crying) to bring a shirt up and tuck it under a pillow for use as a tissue. Jamie wanted to know why, so I told her it was for her to yell into when she screamed out some orgasms. Really, it could have been both, I never knew what the mood was going to be, entirely.
We started by kissing gently and caressing each other, and moved into relaxed touching, stroking, and kissing, not hurried because we'd done it that afternoon.
Jamie's mid-sized boobs, while beautiful and normally boob-like and plenty sexy, weren't the main thing that attracted me to her (physically). They weren't remarkable compared to the other girls, being neither the largest nor smallest, nor the most perfectly shaped, nor in any way unusual. They were just normal, B-cup breasts on a very athletic hardbody frame. I kissed my way down to them, around and nuzzling, stroking with my hands, but happy the blankets were over my back still because no matter that we'd been here a week, I still wasn't used to the constant chill temperatures.
Getting down to the good parts, her leg-joining area, I licked up and down, and then did a fair job getting her to come, writhing, my fingers thrusting as my tongue worked her clit. Resting for just a minute, I started in again, but she stopped me and pulled me up. My cock needed a little encouragement, so I lay flat and she worked on me until she was ready.
She went astride me cowgirl-style, and took control of the rhythm. I whispered, "Yeee-hah!"
Her grin was evident in the, 'Mmmmm'.
I heard a creak from below us. Jamie's panting noises weren't so loud they covered all the noise.
Jamie stopped, and stage-whispered quietly but firmly, "Amber! Kim! Care to give a girl a hand?"
More creaking, and Kim's head appeared at the ladder, "It would save waiting until you are done and asleep..."
"Come on up."
Kim started climbing, and Amber, behind her, came in around and took the open side. Kim pulled up the covers, almost, laying by my side and snuggling in. Amber tried to bring blankets up, but that would have covered us and that didn't work.
All the while this was going on, Jamie would just barely move, keeping up the friction.
After they were settled in, Jamie resumed her motions, riding me. My hands, until then on each of her breast and kind of squeezing them, moved down. I turned my head over to Kim, who was scant inches from my face, and leaned over, pursing my lips. Kim leaned in and kissed me, softly, slowly, even as my body was rocking from Jamie's motion.
Breaking this, I whispered to Kim, "Hey... What would you say to the idea of nibbling on her boob as she rides me?"
Kim looked sideways, considering, and said, "Oh, I could do that. I'm not too experienced, but... "
I looked up at Jamie and said, "Jamie? Bend down a little, so Kim can lick your boob... If that's okay?"
Jamie's eyebrows went up as she smiled, "Sure!" She leaned over, and kim shifted, laying back with her head on my chest, licking Jamie's breast, holding it with both hands as Jamie slid up and down me.
My hand was thus free, and well positioned, to pull up on Kim's shirt and fondle her breast. I was trying to thrust slowly, but Jamie was taking her time, and really enjoying this. Of course, I was, too...
Turning to my left, Amber was on her side facing, me, her arm draped over my abdomen, lightly stroking. I asked, "Amber? Can you kiss me?"
Amber moved in closer, and bent over, kissing me, but as she did, it became obvious that the angles were wrong and the jarring motion that Jamie was giving me made it hard to hold the kiss. I laughed, and Amber did, too, at the attempt. I said, "You could kiss her other breast..."
Amber's eyes got a kind of a "I'm not sure I want to do that" look in them.
I said, "Or Not. Maybe you could just rub Jamie's back, maybe pat her butt, or reach under and feel my cock going into her or something..."
Amber's eyes got big at the last part. I wasn't pushing her into anything, obviously, but my suggestion was in the face of Amber's having mentioned being a little uncomfortable being in a lesbian situation.
My reasoning was that if I suggested something innocuous, then something lascivious, she might choose the lesser option over not doing anything, and she'd get used to the concept. I also figured that touching my cock might be justification enough to be sort-of participating.
Jamie, just then, leaned down, moving slower, and kissed me. The process of doing that made her slow down, and Kim got a much better hold on the hipple so she could suck boob more easily. As Jamie kissed me, I felt her intake of breath, but...then... fingers came around Jamie's leg, brushing me, then underneath, rubbing past my balls. Amber was feeling around, grazing fingers over Jamie's labia right where my cock was pressed in - so I knew why Jamie had inhaled.
That had to be a new feeling... Or, maybe it wasn't, given that Jamie had been bi, maybe she'd done a threesome before.
Jamie leaned up and started moving again, slowly and regularly. I felt Amber's fingers on the side of my cock, then another feeling, a finger, or two, cold fingers at that, touching my leg and Jamie's crotch and my cock... it was so damn sexy I could barely stand it.
Jamie's motion sped up and got more strident, needful. Her hand went from my shoulder to reach between us and rub her own clit, bumping the top of the base of my penis every once in a while. Jamie's eyebrows arched even more, desperately filling with the want, want,..want, want.... Want, and then "ooooohAAAAAAAA!! AHHh! AHHh! AHHh! AHHh!..." Jamie's cries were nowhere near quiet, and the squeezing of her cunt down, holding me, and fast motion at the same time, pushed me over and I started spurting into her, my hips lifting her up off the mattress even as she held onto me tight, ever-so tight, probably crushing Kim's face in the process.
Kim got out of the way, and we rolled around as we both came, being side-hugged first by Amber and then by both her and Kim.
This was GREAT. There's nothing like being surrounded by enthusiastic flesh as you come, sharing the feeling of orgasm, but at the same time sharing the being-together, the one-ness of it all.
Settling forward and relaxing, Jamie just collapsed on me and we breathed hard for a minute. I could still feel Amber's hand, below, and as my head was turned towards her, I said, "Amber, thank you so much for helping Jamie and I."
Jamie turned to her, too, and nodded.
Repeating that to Kim, I turned back to Amber and said, "I have a risqu suggestion. No pressure, just an idea. Might be a bad idea."
Amber looked at me, smiling, and said, "What?"
I whispered, "Lick your finger."
Amber's eyes, barely visible in the night-light darkness, got big, then considered. I felt her hand move away from my crotch, then around and up to us. She held it between us, pondering. She decided something, and held it up to my mouth. I kissed one side, and licked just a little, tasting Jamie's juices and probably a little of my own cum at the same time. Mostly, from the taste, it was just Jamie.
Amber watched me do this, then held it up to Jamie, who was watching this and had heard me clearly, both Kim and her had. Jamie, like me, did a little lick-kiss, then licked her lips and smiled.
Amber obviously didn't know whether to offer it to Kim, watching us from being tall and looking over my head. I waved my head, indicating she should offer, and Kim leaned over and did the same kiss-lick. We'd barely gotten any off, I was sure.
Pulling her hand back, Amber said, "Well, when in Rome, do as the Romans do..." She stuck her entire finger in her mouth and sucked, obviously considering the taste.
Jamie asked, "First time?"
Amber nodded, "Yep. I was brought up... thinking this was seriously wrong. I knew from college... lots of this happened.. so, whole 'wrong' idea was backward and stupid. I've just never... gotten up the nerve, I guess."
I said, "Kiss me?"
Amber smiled and leaned in, kissing me. I could taste the taste on her tongue, same as before.
Jamie said, "Welcome to the Zester Carpet Muncher Club. We meet Saturdays at 11."
We all laughed.
I realized, it was Saturday, and it was about 11 pm. She might have done that on purpose, or not; I couldn't always tell when her brain was engaged or just being happenstantially right.
Church Services
In the morning, I got my dirty jeans together and the firehose we'd found and went to the showers with them and used the hot water to make them 'forcefully' clean. I was noticed by some others showering there, and they quickly returned with their jeans, until finally there was a huge line of people waiting to rinse the dirt off.
I was ready, though, for the Church service. I had grown up as a Methodist, but I'd gone to a UU (Unitarian-Universalist) student group at my college for years, and found it really fulfilling. The UU's took dips into the wisdoms of many religions, touching on the complexities of Christianity without being burdened by them, the rejoicing spirit of evangelicals, pulling amazing things from Islamic Sufi's, and everyday perspective-changers from Buddhism. This might have been more true in my college town and group, but it still fit my theology pretty well, so I went to level 4 to find that meeting.
Everyone in our hab went to a different floor; I walked with Jamie since she hadn't ever really gone to church services and was nervous. I assured her she would be welcome.
The room was pretty full, but quieted down when someone stood up and held their hand over their head with two fingers up. I remembered Boy Scouts where that was the sign for 'shut up already'.
After the room got mostly, silent, she said, "Before we get started, I'd like to have aisles next to each pillar, so there's a way to get up here and a way back." She motioned, and people moved a bit to make the space.
Waiting a minute as we shifted around to clear aisle space, she nodded in approval and continued, holding up both her arms, palms forward.
She had to nearly shout. The space was really large, and the people in it absorbed the sound, so her sentences were short and she paused between each sentence. I have added commas where she paused, to give the flavor of the speech.
"Welcome! Welcome to, this Interdenominational Service. My name is Kia Lawrence. I'm a recent graduate of Meadville-Lombard Unitarian Theological Seminary, near Chicago. I will lead this service. Behind me, for moral support, are Kevin Durant, Buddhist and Taoist; Sonia Stein, Reform Judaism; Lisa Kumar, Hindu; Ayesha Kotarb, Muslim."
As she said their name, they stepped forwards. We could see them pretty well but the people in the hallway couldn't.
Someone on a flute played a piece by Debussy as an introit. After some announcements about everyone being welcome, the flute player started playing "Let it Be" and we all sang along. It was a good hymn.
Afterwards, the Muslim girl said some words in Arabic, I was pretty sure. She translated them as she said them, as:
Most blessed, merciful, and loving God, we ask you to be with us today and always, showing us the wonders of your creation, from the very big to the very small. Thank you for the blessings we find every day.
After that, Sonia Stein got up and said:
"I am Jewish, and we have lots of prayers for different things. I don't know all of them, but I do know this one, I had to memorize it a long time ago. It is a very, very old prayer, usually said when one has survived a hazardous journey or a dangerous event. When you think about it, our trips here were hazardous journeys, that involved having loved ones torn from us. We've come here to a new land, far from home, far from the things we knew and loved. This is a prayer of thanks for being alive. I'll say it first in Hebrew:
[ She said something in Hebrew I didn't understand ]
"Now, in English. Repeat after me, we'll do this 3 times thru..."
"Blessed are You, Lord our God, King of the Universe, who bestows good things upon the unworthy, and has bestowed upon me every goodness. The journey is the destination, and we rejoice."
Then, Kia got up again.
"Sonia, thank you, and Ayesha, and Lisa, thank you. We all worked together over the last few days to come up with some words, in agreement with the other religious leaders on other levels and in the other areas, to come up with a common message that we could all give. I admit that many of these words are not my own; we worked together to craft something. So, here goes.
[She read from a paper] "We are here today, to celebrate our God, to ask a blessing of our God, to ask assistance from our God, to mourn together in shared loss. We are here today for many reasons. We are here, in this facility, because we made a choice to improve our lives. Once here, though, we found we were tragically lied to.
We can spend time, even the rest of our lives, living in the anger of that lie. We can deny that we are hurt, or we can cry at the loss. And, it is good that we cry. We should cry. WE NEED to cry. If you are not crying, start talking with someone, anyone. Find that place where you can cry, alone if you need to, or with friends. Even if it seems fake, or halfhearted, or forced, try it, let it out, and relax into the expression of it.
With that expression, that part that makes us Humans, we start the healing.
The loss we have is deep. We are cut off from our families. From our Brothers. From our Sisters. From our Mothers. From our Fathers. From our Grandparents. From Those We LOVED, and those that LOVED US. For some of you, I have heard, from your children. Even, in a deliberate and underhanded way, from those who Would have been, Could have been, our Husbands or Wives."
There was a crowd reaction when she said 'children'. There was a larger one when she said out loud what we'd been talking about in our habs, about our relationships being sabotaged in the dastardly of ways.
"You are apart from them now. Instead, You Are Here. You are in this, our New World.
"You and your loved ones, in thinking of this loss, can use your many different ideas and traditions about what happens after someone dies. One custom is that we see our loved ones again. If that is your tradition, we celebrate it with you. If it is not your tradition, that is okay. No matter what, we stand with you. We hold you, and hope with you. The deeper common knowledge here is that a search for meaning in profound loss doesn't ever come easily."
"Our fate is our choice. We can decide."
"I'm sure: this place will hold more surprises. There seem to be many secrets. If there's more surprises, tragic or happy, we must decide - Do we accept them, or resist? Is resistance fighting? Just by going on, which are we doing?"
By resisting, do we condemn ourselves? Do we condemn others to replace us? Do we condemn those near us to the danger and malice that comes with our rage? Do we rage against those that are near us, because we cannot rage against long-dead presidents? Do we harm our habmates by expressing our rage and fear? Is the anger helpful?"
She left that pause hanging there, forcing us to think of the anger, I thought.
"YES, I say. The anger IS helpful. The anger is normal. Anger helps us focus. But our anger cannot dominate us. Our anger MUST not dominate us. It can flow through, but it CANNOT define, or we lose something important."
"My tradition says, Love Your Neighbor as Yourself. It says, Love Your God. It says, Compassion is Important. It says, if your enemy hits your cheek, you should turn and let them hit your other cheek, because if we also cause harm, we create a cycle of violence. We must break that. We must heal."
"I bring Perspective. In history, many people have been thrown away. They have been pushed away from home. They were put, against their will, in new places, with new people. It's called a 'diaspora'."
"These people, in a new place, usually had to learn new languages, find new friends, and make new families. These things were frequently incredibly hard. Sometimes, they expected to be killed, any minute, every day."
"We are not they. We are both better and worse. We have food. We have water. We have shelter."
"We do not, though, have freedom to leave. We cannot change our limits. But, we can change our minds. We can make, here, things that matter. "
"We have lost our family. We have lost those we love. We cannot see them. They cannot see us. They think we are dead. They think we have lost everything. They believe the worst."
"But, we are not dead. We live on! We are not in an empty place! "
"Look around you. Look at the people next to you. These are good people! Yeah, for sure - Some of us are jerks sometimes!! [people laughed] But, mostly we're good people? These people can be your friends. Habmates and neighbors -- with them, you can find joy and renewed life. Maybe, not today. Maybe not tomorrow. But, maybe next week, or month. You might come to laugh with them. Or, cry with them. You can look at them, and listen to them, and feel with them. You can hug them, squeeze them."
"They are your family now."
"Make them your family. Tell them your dreams, or what your dreams were. Listen to them. Be joyful with them and celebrate them. Be with them, with compassion for their faults. They have faults. You have faults... You DEFINITELY have faults!!!"
More laughter.
"Find a way to be Better, the person you WANT to be. Their love is your love."
"Do not fear love. Let love be with you. Of course, you may not LIKE them, right now. That's okay. You may not LOVE them, right now. That's okay. But, be open to them. Be who you can be, with them."
"So, Yes - we are a diaspora. We cannot feel rain falling on us. We cannot see a sunset. We cannot watch birds fly overhead."
"We are trapped in here. But we are not trapped in our heads. We can be more. We can find more. We can make our family WHEREVER we are. We can make our hearts loving. We can forgive them, we can forgive ourselves."
"If you need help, ask for help. If you are sad, that's okay, tell someone. If you feel this is an overwhelming weight on your back, tell someone. "
"If you cannot get up in the morning, ask for help getting up. Tell them why. Tell them REALLY why. Be with them. If someone tells you, be with them. You don't have to solve their problems. They will do that. But, as you are with them, they can know the peace of togetherness, kindness, compassionate truth, and passionate caring."
"Now, let us sing a song together. I will say the words, we will repeat them, several times through, and then sing it through several times until I hold up my hands. Here are the words:
Be thou my vision, O Lord of my heart;
Naught be all else to me, save that thou art;
Thou be my best thought, by day or by night,
Waking or sleeping, thy presence my light.
Enough people knew this song that we sang it through quickly, and soon everyone was singing. The rocks around us rang with the song. We were together.
She cut us off and we sang the next verse:
Riches I heed not, nor man's empty praise
Thou mine Inheritance, now and always:
Thou and Thou only, first in my heart,
High King of Heaven, my Treasure Thou art.
After this, we sang again, this time the modern Christian song, My God is an Awesome God, which I always thought was a bit cheesy. But, at least, it was simple and everyone learned it quickly.
The last song was Amazing Grace, which everybody knew, so we sang that through two verses, which is what most people knew.
She closed the service:
"If you wish, you can make your way to the front to talk with one of us about organizing a meeting for just your specific religious group.
Now, in closing, I'd like to do as my tradition bids me. I apologize if this doesn't quite fit your tradition. It goes like this...
She held up her hands, again, palms forward, blessing us:
May the Lord Bless you and keep you, and make his face to shine upon you, all the days of your life, world without end, amen. Go and make peace IN each other!
The service broke up, some going down to talk more with people of their own traditions, but most heading for the doors.
I saw a lot of crying around me, hugs, and holding, and just standing there. I had tears, but wasn't crying outright. There's no way a person could have gotten through that, feeling the sense of the room, without shedding tears.
The power it had on people was transformative. Leaving, I felt a peace I hadn't felt yet; even though it was just a church service, it was Definitively a Good One.
Back at the hab, we all sat in the midhab and chatted until everyone got back. Comparing notes, we found the leaders had coordinated so they said similar things, which made some sense.
I noted that while I was utterly out of my element as a geologist, the leaders at that service, actual ministers, were precisely trained for doing what they were currently doing, being ministers. It was a lot more useful training than being a computer science or linguistics major.
Our conversation moved on, and came around to the ideas we had about the doors to rooms off the hallways we'd seen, what they were filled with. I said I thought there had to be quite a lot of them, because there were lots of doors that weren't open yet, where there was no doorknob, just a flat steel surface set into the rock.
I got big laughs by predicting one was a room just filled with dental floss, because if we were going to be here 100 years, we'd need a lot of dental floss, so they'd better have made sure we had some. I'm not sure why that was so funny in retrospect, but it definitely was at the time.
Night with Lisa
Lisa was the last in my rotation, on that Sunday night. Interestingly, Lisa wanted a light on, to see what was going on. She was, like Jamie, almost ordinary looking in that she wasn't a classic beauty or anything, just a normal person. She was 5'6" or so, medium build, trim like everyone from working out a lot, breasts a little larger at about a C-cup, slightly saggy and a bit softer, but they had felt very nice in my hands previously.
As I crawled into bed, she met me by patting the bed next to her. Below, I could hear whispering, so I figured we'd have an audience, but given we'd all been near each other so much, that thought wasn't a worry much anymore.
We kissed, and embraced, and soon her whole body was expressing appreciation for my attentions. I moved down her body after a couple of minutes of kissing, which was nice and relaxed because we hadn't kissed much until then.
Reaching her nethers, I gave her some oral attention and got good feedback that I was doing things to her liking.
Looking over, briefly, I saw faces over the edge of the bunk, peering up, watching us. I ignored them for a while, then looked over and made the grinning plus double-eyebrow-raise-eye-glare expression that said I was enjoying myself. They were both smiling, Jo and Dana, and nodded back to me.
Lisa's body increasingly kept twisting harder and harder in convulsions of want, and then finally with a deep orgasm.
She rested a moment, then pulled me around and went to work sucking me to attention. I noted her very capable deep-throat ability, beyond what I'd experienced so far, at least.
I was just getting used to the rhythm when she climbed up on top of me and started riding. Her hand reached down, moving from holding herself up on my shoulders to using it to rub herself as she moved. Her boobs dangled right in my face, so I sucked on them, too, which together with the penetration put her into a second orgasm.
She was more businesslike in this making-love process, perhaps, than the others.
Her pattern seemed to be, 'get this done'.
I wasn't objecting? Her movements did the right things, we went with it, she rode and rode, gasping nicely, but really probably not even trying to come much after her first finger-movements.
I came, thrusting into her, spurting, and she held me, a hug of our bodies together, her head up and regarding me with some outward signs of just seeing what i was doing, versus being as emotionally invested as I thought she might be.
She kept moving after I started coming and didn't stop even as I tried to throw myself around a bit to go deeper. The extra movement during my coming made it that much more intense, but, in a way, it was slightly less fulfilling since I couldn't drive in once deeply and hold myself there. Finally, she did let me go deep and hold still, as deep as I could go, my spurts still twitching inside her and my hug holding her tightly.
Out of the corner of my eye, I saw Jo's head over the side again, watching us. Her eyes closed and she let out a little sigh. I was pretty sure she was rubbing herself as she watched, and I think she might have been coming at the same time.
Dana's head was missing, and I wondered whether she was doing something to Jo, but I got the feeling from Jo's up-down head movements were from a self-induced O.
It didn't matter. I was in a rosy glow of aftersex-happy. Lisa turned off the light and curled up next to me. Sleep came quickly, as it always did nowadays, the hard work catching up with us.
In the morning, I woke before FirstCall to find Lisa's head sucking my cock to stiffness again. She pulled off my now-turgid member and said, "I've been wanting this. Again."
I nodded, 'Of course! How do you want it?"
She turned around and got up for doggie-style and looked backwards, and I got the message. As I got up, I realized I hadn't slept with 3 other people for only the second time in a week. It's strange how the oddest things become normal, and then are somehow missed.
Lining up behind her, I slipped inside in an easy hip-grabbing set of thrusts. She was more than just a little ready for me. We moved and moved, and I felt strangely calm about it, like I wasn't in a hurry at all. In fact, it took me quite a bit longer this time to come than normal, which worked out fine for Lisa because she had time to reach between her legs and come before I did, and then maybe again on me, if I believed her moans. It was hard to tell if it was just continued excitement or another O notch on the belt. It didn't matter, it was really good. I liked coming.
Sex was fun.
Discovery
Work that day was more of the same, with the exception that some more of the ducks hatched, and we moved them quickly to their cages, rolling and walking around like little furry yellow bath toys animated for maximum cuteness.
I was helping to set up the habitats most of the time, but had to take time off to read manuals and look through the repair and assembly manuals for some of the automatic watering and food-dispensing machinery.
The mayor came in and found me about mid-afternoon, at a run, asking me to follow her quickly.
Marsha and Jamie and I went with her to a hab with a small crowd circled around it. She led us in, past the doors. It looked just like our hab, except we had a blanket on one of the couches that Amber had brought from home.
In the far bedroom, a girl had tied one of the bed sheets to the post of the bed and around her neck, and had twirled around in a circle to make it tighter and tighter. It had worked.
I said, sadly, "Oh, Damn." I sank to my knees, next to her on the ground, crossed myself, and said a prayer for her silently. I wasn't Catholic, but I liked the idea of crossing myself, pulling a religious moment into my body.
After I finished, the mayor said, "I actually brought you here for a practical question. Where do we put the body?"
I didn't know that answer.
We knew we had to move her, so we started the process of untying her and getting her remains out of the hab.
We'd just gotten her into a sheet when we were interrupted by the loudspeaker system, which we rarely heard. It suddenly came online with a medium-loud alarm-klaxon sound.
"Bzzzzt... Bzzzzt.... Bzzzzt...
ALERT. There has been a death in the facility. Area-B. Level 3. Gallery F. Please locate the body immediately.
After any funeral proceedings, bring the body to the room opposite the cafeteria entrance, Area B, level 3.
Ensure this is done by 36 hours from now.
...That is all."
A fair crowd gathered, and the mayor enlisted some help in getting the body moved.
We'd wrapped her in a sheet, and we carted that back to the cafeteria stage to put on a table, preparatory to some kind of funeral (we guessed we'd do that).
The mayor asked someone standing nearby to sit with the remains and ensure no one bothered it. I was a bit surprised, actually, when the person actually (despite obviously not wanting to do it) resignedly walked over and sat down on the edge of the stage. Being a mayor has its privileges, I guessed.
The whole level had heard that announcement.
Funeral
The funeral was the next day. We had way too much work to do, so we held it before breakfast for those who wanted to get there earlier. Most of us were working 8 to 8, or later, getting the animals set up and squared away. Mostly it was getting the spaces set up, but there was some maintenance involved in just keeping the cages and spaces clean, too.
So, there wasn't a lot of time for a funeral.
I attended, to see what it was going to be like, and was surprised that most of the level decided to show up. The service was quick. Some of her habmates got up and described her as very quiet, but she'd taken being-locked-up here really quite a lot harder than other people.
She had said she liked gardening and trees; she had a twin sister; that her mother had always pushed her and pushed her to get good grades but she didn't know what she really wanted in life.
We didn't know the girl's religion. The religious folk we'd seen that Sunday had been meeting almost around the clock with people to talk through problems. There was a lot of need for counseling, apparently. They divided up the tasks among themselves, and for the funeral, Sonia Stein, the Jewish rabbi, came down.
Her quick service included lighting a candle, saying a prayer, leading us in a repeated prayer that both asked for (from God) wisdom, grace, and consoling kindness, and we promised to be conduits of these to the people around us.
Then she said a prayer in Hebrew called the Kaddish, and translated it for us, and that was that. We went and got our food and ate, the body still up on stage, the food being kind of like refreshments at a wake.
Remains Disposal
Just after breakfast that day, right after the funeral, a door opposite the cafeteria opened, as a pocket door that revealed a normal door. It had been a solid gray metal slab, but now there was a metal door there, swing-type, no latch.
Inside was a small room, 5 by 5 meters, and mounted into the far wall there was a wide pull-down door at below waist height. Above it was a sign:
PLACE HUMAN REMAINS IN DISPOSAL UNIT
ENSURE BODY IS AS NAKED AS POSSIBLE
RETAIN ALL CLOTHING, JEWELRY, PAPERS: RETAIN EVERYTHING!
PULL DOWN DOOR. PLACE BODY ON SLAB. CLOSE DOOR.
WHEN NOISE CEASES, OPEN DOOR AGAIN TO CHECK IT IS EMPTY.
Two women who were nurses did the needful, while a bunch of us waited and watched. I had to be there because as city engineer, I needed to know what the process was.
Getting the body naked was messy; she had soiled her underwear so it was a smelly mess. There was no dignity here. But, then, the sign was clear.
Opening the door, we saw inside there was a 'caution: radiation' sign. Apparently, they wanted to make sure you were really, really, really dead before the apparatus did whatever to your body.
Inside the lift-up door was a slab that pulled out like an oven rack. We pulled it out, got her on it, and then... closed the door.
As it closed, there was a click from inside, then a low low hum, and a bit of a thud, and then a click from the door handle again. She opened the hatch and there was no body there. Obviously the tabletop had moved somehow to allow it to drop somewhere. No sign of the body, no heat coming off the thing.
Where exactly, and what exactly, happened to the body was a mystery, but I was okay with that mystery. It occurred to me that if they hadn't made this provision, we'd probably have had to bury her in one of the long animal galleries, deep in the soil, or (WORST CASE!) chop her up and feed her into the dead capybara blender.
I wasn't sure if the soil bacteria or worms would eat her body parts if we buried her, and told the mayor that.
Kitchen
Two weeks of canned soup, protein biscuits, and beans were slightly grating on our nerves. Three meals a day, no breakfast food besides oatmeal, and a big wondering about whether this place had any conveniences at all.
A gal from another hab, a very, very skinny one, managed to squeeze between the containers all the way to the wall of the cafeteria. She said she could see, behind the container (which was set almost against the wall), a blank steel slab that would, at some point, open to reveal a normal doorway.
We could almost see it. We couldn't lift the container, though, to get at it. Even empty, there wasn't any way to get enough handholds enough to pull it out of the way. Plus, what good would that do when all there was behind it was a slab door.
The general opinion was that it was an entrance to some large kitchens, which would be logical since this place was called the cafeteria. I had seen spaces labeled 'kitchens' on the plans, and mentioned it, but it was kind of obvious given the kinds of doors and the fact that they opened into the cafeteria.
Settling In
The next day was uneventful, if you don't count hard labor. We were all doing stoop labor all day long, the whole area was, putting in plants in the edges of the ponds.
We had ALL different kinds of plants!
The trouble was, no matter the plant type, it was super-labor intensive. The books said it only had to be done once, and from then on, the various kinds of reeds would grow by themselves and self-propagate. Crayfish were a part of it, but we weren't supposed to release those for another 2 weeks.
Everything had a schedule.
I technically was supposed to be reading manuals all day, but Kim took me aside and made it clear that if I didn't start doing some real labor with the rest of them, I would be seen as a slacker and others would resent it. Everyone, she said, was an academic all-star, so claiming to be 'smarter and exempt' would just build up further resentment.
I saw her point, so Jamie and I joined them for at least half a day of labor for the rest of that week, working alongside and getting almost as worn out.
That first night of the next week, I was with Dana again.
After our shower and (frankly) early bedtime at about 9 due to fatigue, I snuggled up to Dana and asked what she expected of me.
"Expect? Not much, but I have some hopes..."
Those hopes turned into enough licking to get her past her second orgasm, without me coming because I was dead tired. This wasn't for lack of finding it sexy, it was the muscles aching and the whole brain just saying, "Sleeeeeeeeeeeeeeep!... Sleeeeeeeeeep!..."
I don't remember waking up that night, though Dana said she told me to roll over twice when Jo and Lisa came into bed with us. All I know is that in the morning, I woke before reveille with Dana, Jo, and Lisa all next to me, completely naked. I don't think they bothered putting on nightclothes.
That much skin continued to feel transformatively great, but there's no real way to describe it to someone who hasn't felt it.
I was on my back, one arm to the side and being laid upon, and the other tucked up between Lisa's legs since she was mostly on top of me.
Dana was next to the wall, her back up against it and her legs tucked back bent but over Jo. Dana's head was back and she was breathing hard, her hand making fast motions over her clit and her other hand holding her opposite breast, twisting the nipple at intervals as she gasped and held her breath in a rhythm.
I opened my eyes and saw her, calmly watching as she got closer and closer, then stiffened up, coming with the tiniest of grunts and flexing her leg muscles isometrically so as not to move them and disturb people.
It was Really Damned Sexy.
Once Dana returned to reality, I smiled at her, and she smiled back with a tired but happy look on her face. I pushed Jo slightly and moved her leg. Her face was down, by my right armpit, her body across mine and her butt sticking up to nearly where Dana was sitting. Jo's legs were wide apart, one knee up in my left armpit and the other twisted and down.
I whispered to Dana, "I want to wake up Jo with a Surprise. Can you help?"
Dana nodded with the kind of face that was suspicious but agreeable. She whispered, "What?"
I said, "I can't move or she'll wake up. My left arm is trapped by her leg." I started moving it up her leg, rubbing lightly.
Jo didn't react, her breathing steady and quiet.
Dana asked again, "What?"
I gave an expression of, 'dunno', and said, "Do something sexy. Get her going, maybe. Might be fun to wake up that way."
Dana thought about it, sticking her jaw out and waving it side to side in a 'considering this' expression.
Looking at her, I made a pucker-kiss with my mouth and motioned with my head at Jo's butt.
While Dana's eyebrows went up, she considered it, and then decided something, like it was important. She flashed me a thumbs up sign, and moved around, pulling down the covers slightly to get herself positioned. Laying down by my side, she came up with her head right up and into Jo's butt. Her hands, caressing the back of Jo's thighs, pressed in slightly as she shifted her head inwards. I could see the top of Dana's head, only, then, as it dipped down.
Slowly, Jo shifted a little, breathing heavier for the next couple of minutes, until she was breathing quite hard and having her breath catch in these kind-of excited half-breaths. Soon, a wimper came out. Lisa, awakened by the shifting and rhythmic movement, opened her eyes and looked at me across the pillow, her eyes questioning.
Looking over at her, I said ultra-quiet whispering, "Experimenting... A surprise for Jo."
Lisa smiled, liking the idea. Gradually, though, she figured out it was Dana, actually licking Jo. Lisa whispered, "Dana is... going down on Jo? Really?"
I smiled and said, "Yeah... Damned sexy!"
Lisa's chin stuck out, "Huh..." appreciated it as new, semi-novel information.
Jo, in the meantime, was getting more and more into it. My arm was hooked under her upper leg, so as she squirmed a little I held it back. Her eyes were shut, concentrating on the feelings, but soon enough, she gasped as she got closer, "Oh, Yes!... Yes.... Oh...". Her eye opened, and saw me grinning at her, and her leg moved, like she was going to close them, but I held it open.
Looking at me, surprised, her eyes had to half-close as obviously Dana found a good spot. Jo started vibrating, about to come, her hips starting to buck, and then, boom, she was there, coming, Gasping, "Ahhhhh! YESSSSSSSSS Ohmygod Ohmygod Ohmygod Ohmygod! Awwhahhhahahhaaaaaaaaaaaaaa...!!!"
Jo's convulsions when she came made her try to writhe around, but I held firm onto her leg to give her something to push against, and it took quite a lot of strength to keep it there. Dana, I could see, was almost lying on top of Jo's other leg, her arm moving rhythmically I could tell just by the feeling of it. All through Jo's orgasm, Dana's hand kept moving, and I heard slurping and suction noises coming from there, too, barely, in between Jo's gasps.
Gradually, we let go of Jo as she calmed down, and we could relax again.
Dana, taking a breather, looked up at me with a huge grin on her face, I smiled back at her and said, "I love you, Dana."
We all told each other we loved each other, one at a time, until I wasn't sure that I hadn't repeated myself.
Dana's moving up meant Jo moved down and straightened out, crawling and shifting to lie by my side. Dana moved up, too, tucking in behind her.
Jo's face was blissful, happy. She sighed, "Wow. It's not even my night... It's ..." she realized and turned back, "Dana's night." She turned to Dana, "And you did that for me?"
Dana said, "Kinda fun, actually. I'm not too experienced that way, but I figured it out."
"I'll say!"
I laughed with them, and delighted in the comity and satedness. Though, I was a little concerned, "Dana, did you get what you needed? I can shift over..."
Dana considered, "Actually, that was a serious turn-on. Uh, Yeah, actually, I think I might like another prodding. But, I want to try something -- like last week, from behind, lying flat."
I nodded and we shifted around, Dana moving up next to me. We paused slightly to kiss before I came up around above her. The taste of Jo's juices was still on her, and it was fun to taste them in a slightly different context.
Dana, face down on the mattress, said, "Wait. I think I need a pillow under my stomach."
We shifted the pillow down and it pushed her hips up. I lay on top of her, between her legs. The bed wasn't that big, so both Jo and Lisa were tucked in kind of tight. I started moving a little, though my cock wasn't very full yet, I figured a little friction might help. Lisa saw that things weren't starting immediately, so she scooted down and shifted the blankets off my feet, rubbing my butt and reaching between my legs to feel my cock. Her cold hands were startling, to be sure, and I jumped.
"Oh?"
My voice was squeaky-silly: "Cold! Hands!"
Everyone laughed.
I turned on my side a bit, and Lisa got down and started sucking me in. I said, "Jo? Can you reach through and see if you can play with Dana's clit while I ...push in?" My eyes closed with the feelings I was getting, my penis was being swirled and, strangely, I could hear Lisa... humming?? as she sucked.
Lisa pulled off with a smack, making noises with her lips, "It's called a 'hummer'. I heard a girl next door talking about it. You like?"
"Sure! It's just a little... Extra..." Lisa had gone back to sucking. Jo, sitting up and reaching over, pushed her hand down between Dana's outstretched legs and started doing something, I couldn't tell what exactly, but Dana's breath sucked in and she moaned happily.
Just about then, reveille sounded, startling us, but we were too busy to care much. Letting Lisa suck me a little more, I said, "Okay, I'm good now." I was good -- good and hard.
Lisa shifted back, and I rolled back onto Dana. Jo's hand was right there, fingers guiding, almost, and put me right where I needed to be. I had moved to be lying, like before, with my legs between hers, my cock up and perched right at her entrance. Jo's hand had me positioned, and I pressed forward just as Dana pushed her hips backwards.
I drove myself in, slippery from Lisa's spit and finding Dana was plenty lubed up given Jo's help.
Dana's butt pressed into my abdomen a little, but I pushed in, deep, a satisfying feeling enveloping me. Strangely I was in control of the situation in a way that gave me a real sense of power. Stroking in, pulling out so I was almost out but not quite, then in again, we slid against each other delightfully.
Lisa started petting my back, and Jo's hand was helping, too, circles on Dana's clit just as I was stroking in and out of it. I could feel her fingernail every once in a while, but I liked it since some of her pressing translated as pressure on my cock, more inside and then less, and then more.
My driving into Dana started to be pretty hard.
Dana was moaning up a storm, deep guttural noises that made it obvious how much she was liking what we were doing. While I was propped up on my elbows, I shifted, laying flat on her back and pushing my hands alongside her shoulders to pull down on them, pulling myself up and INTO her with reckless strength.
All the while, Jo's fingers danced on Dana's clit, my stroking into her pussy adding two strong sensations I didn't know how she could stand.
She didn't stand it. She came.
Dan's frenzy pushed back on me, somehow melting the rest of her body, then shuddering, all while doing some joyful screaming into the mattress, "Oh, Oh, yes! Yes! Like that! Oh, my Fucking God! Oh, wowwwwwww.owowoowowowo....Ahhhh..." Dana's pussy contracted on me rhythmically as she came, her legs pressing against mine, her arms pulling and pushing against the mattress and bedframe.
I was just trying to hold on, keeping my cock up and into her as she writhed around. Jo was diddling her clit furtively, fast moving and very much out of Dana's control because Dana was getting unhinged.
She just kept coming and coming. Of course, her contractions on me felt so damned good. I didn't come, though; I'd come a lot and it was taking me longer than it had; I wasn't on a hair-trigger anymore. I slowed down and stopped, waiting for Dana to breathe again.
About a minute passed, and I started back up again, moving in and out, and building her up again.
Jo had paused and pulled her hand away a little, I think.
Turning to her I asked again, "Hey, can you get back to rubbing her clit again?"
Jo shrugged, decided to go with it this time, and got going.
I felt her fingers dancing on my cock, then Dana's reaction as Jo's fingers found her clit and started doing their magic there. I just concentrated on pulling myself up and into Dana, over and over, building again slowly with a great rhythm and delighting in the wonderment of being in Dana and looking over at Lisa's beautiful naked form next to me, her hands still stroking my back and butt.
Dana got more and more excited, and this time I climbed up that slope with her, building, building, building.... My thrusts were harder this time, more for what I wanted, what I NEEDED -- to drive myself home, inwards, deep, deep into Dana's tight pulsing pussy, all the way in. I thought I could feel something, like I was bumping her cervix or something, and I probably was.
Clenching me from the inside again, her orgasm shook her and she screamed, even louder this time, right next to my face, and I, too, came, bellowing out with the release. My brain was aflame with fireworks, while idly in the background I felt the object of my obsession, my cock, twitching. Each tiny movement between us cascaded joy over me even as I pumped my seed deep into her. My hips and lower back curled to drive me deeper in, as if by some weird inborn reflex action. It's like there's a built-in nerve cluster wired to say, 'when you come, just your hips will tilt and curve drastically to push in farther' or something.
My vision kind of went wonky as I finished driving myself into her, shuddering and hard-thrusting, pulling her shoulders down to get myself deeper still, slightly lessening as a pullback, and then again, deeply and fully coming inside her, her pussy clenching on my cock, hard, grabbing me and pulsing almost in syncopation her Dana's yells and shudders of joy.
Slowing down, we relaxed, slower, slower, breathing and coming back to a reality that had more than us two in it.
Jo's fingertips, I could feel, were resting near the upper surface of my cock, right over Dana's joy button, but still, obviously not wanting to drive her into apoplexy with overstimulation. After a minute or two of hard breathing, she pulled the hand out.
Her fingers were wet, I could see out of the corner of my vision. I said, just noting the fact, "Wet Fingers."
Jo nodded, smiling her ass off at the joy she'd made, and said, "Yep."
Getting an idea, I said, "Maybe Lisa wants a taste..." Thinking better of that, I corrected, "...But, probably only if you do, first."
Lisa, beside me and alongside enough to be in skin contact with my side, moved, and I looked over in time to see a look of concern, almost worry pass over her face. I pulled back by sitting up, keeping my cock still inside Dana (mostly immobile) and looked back at Jo.
Jo brought her fingers up to her face slowly, looking at them, and said, "Mostly, it's gotta be Dana..." She kissed a section of her ring finger, and licked her lips. "Hmm. Yep, but with a little bit of your cum in there, too, I think." She looked over at Lisa.
Lisa was slightly aghast, unsure of what to do.
I said, "Only if you want to. I figured, get it over with, we'll probably have more chances to do this going forward, but I don't want to force you into anything you're not..."
Lisa made up her mind and said, "Shut up." She reached over and took Jo's hand, and, looking at her finger a second, pulled it into her mouth and sucked on it.
I could feel my cock subsiding, and as Dana moved sideways to look over at Lisa, I felt it come out. Immediately, I sucked in my breath at the absence, and Dana said, "Awww....".
Moving around slightly, I sat back on my haunches, my cock still at least half-hard and poking straight out.
Lisa was making "hmmm..." sounds, not so much in enjoyment as in consideration of something new.
Laughing, I said, looking down, "If you like that, either one of you, there's more where that came from. Mr. Happy..."
Jo moved, and I don't know if both of them were primed for it, or daring each other, or what, but they both crawled over to me. Dana rolled on her back to see this, and combined her continued look of bliss with one of bemused observation as Jo and Lisa both crawled up to my cock, looking at each other the whole time, like, who is going to go first.
Lisa got there first, grabbing my cock and pulling it up. I sat up, kneeling, thrusting my cock out in front of me, dripping a little with combined juices. Jo had her mouth closer, and they both went down to lick together.
Jo reached in and sucked on the head, swirling around her tongue and making my insides flutter a little with the sensation, but she broke that and surprised the hell out of me. She leaned over and kissed Lisa on the mouth.
This surprised Lisa, but she went with it, her eyes open the whole time, obviously contemplating the tastes. After a couple of seconds, they both opened their mouths to swirl-tongue each other,
Jo broke the kiss, moving back to suck on my cock again, but Lisa said, "No, Mine."
Lisa's sucking on me pulled me in all the way to the base, since I wasn't that hard anymore. Her tongue went around and around, obviously cleaning it all up, but then she broke the suckage and went back to kiss Jo and share.
I had to comment, "That's some way-way-way sexy action, right there!"
They both started grinning hugely, matching Dana. I said, "I gotta lie down. This is fabulous, but... I gotta lie down."
Moving for me, I tucked in alongside Dana, Lisa spooning me and Jo laying into Dana's armpit, putting her head on Dana's other boob.
I said, "Jo, the cuteness, the beauty, of your face next to Dana's boob, that's, like, Epic. Thank you."
Remembering Lisa behind me, I said, "And, Lisa, your breasts on my back, your skin, is fabulous. I don't know why everyone doesn't do this. Skin is wonderous."
Just about then, the door opened beside us and Kim came in. Her hair was wet; she'd already showered and was back. She looked at us, all cozy and smiled, nodding, "Looks like you had some fun this morning."
I kept my mouth shut, I wanted to hear what they would say. Dana finally said, almost slurring, "Uh... Not gonna I make have wording to English yet."
We all laughed. Kim said, "Well, good to hear it. When you're ready, we're due in Rabbits again, there's yet-more-fencing to put in."
Jo said, "Okay. Noted. Just going to lie here a little longer."
I echoed that, "Yep. Resolving. Good stuff here."
Kim pursed her lips in acknowledgement and slightly nodded and left, closing the door behind her.
I asked, really to Jo or Lisa, "So, what'd you think?'
Jo said, "Good cock. Like that cock. Tasted like Dana, little bit of you on it."
Lisa didn't say much, but was obviously thinking. She said, "I thought there was a lot of cum in that, actually. Dana is sweet, though. I wasn't expecting that. I thought she'd be... tart or something."
Dana said, "A TART, maybe, don't know that I taste tart... Doesn't matter though. I'm going to leak all day if I don't get up and get showered."
I said, "No, wait. Just another couple of minutes. I want to remember this feeling, this ... shared skin, the softness, the... " I considered, and then said, "...the emotions, too. I like that part. I looked over at Lisa and said, "Lisa? I love you."
Lisa laughed and said, "I love you to, Kev."
I repeated that idea with Dana and Jo and got the same response.
After a little longer, I was getting cold, so we got up and headed off to the showers, then to the rabbit galleries, then finally after a long day there, back home.
Language Lessons
The next few days I spent in meetings with engineers from all the different levels in all 3 areas. We met at the common Grand Entrance pillar farm near where we'd come in, since it was a long trek from one area to another. There were benches there, really just slabs of rock about knee high arranged amphitheater style around a small stage, kind of like our cafeteria only slightly larger.
The 24 of us engineers had a lot in common in terms of the problems we'd faced, handing dead animals, keeping the goats and rabbits separated so they didn't get pregnant too soon, etc.
The thing we all were having trouble with was the Capybaras. Since they mainly grew in South America, most of the books we had on them were either in Spanish or Portuguese. Luckily, there were dictionaries on the shelf next to the books, but the mayor asked around and we found someone who knew those languages to hang out with me and be a translator.
I could read a dictionary and be able to remember what each word's definition was, but that's a different thing than reading a book and being able to think of the definition / translation of each word on the fly.
My translator turned out to be Marcella. She was a godsend. Her family was from Argentina and spoke both Spanish and Portuguese natively. Marcella herself, of course, was born in the United States (as far as we could tell, everyone at Camp Zester was a US citizen), but her polyglot early home life benefitted us.
Somewhere around the middle of the second day, Jamie took me aside and said, "Hey, I'm getting a strong vibe from Marcella that she's... into you. Like, from the get-go, yesterday even."
I laughed, "Yeah, I noticed that. Kind of hanging on my arm, brushing against me. Yep." I wasn't brilliant, but I did notice some things.
"You prepared if she says she wants... more?"
"How would you feel about that?"
Jamie's face nodded with the kind of serious considered-frown that said she was well aware of this idea. "Yeah. We talked about it already. Like, early on. We didn't like it, but we'd already talked with some people have arrows who are real dicks."
"And?"
"You have permission. We agreed. We talked until it was unanimous, because it kind of has to be. Permission given, but not encouraged."
"Ah." I thought about it. "I already have more action than I could possibly expect."
"Your feelings on the matter were taken into account, but I can testify most of our concern was for the women, and I mean, women not girls, we're old enough, right? Women, who have hab disputes and are getting shut out. We're already sharing you. It's not like we're going from singular to plural, it's going to be maybe adding one or two and sporadically, and it might make a difference to someone."
I considered this for a long pause, then said, "Okay, I get it. Good to know. I'm not in a hurry, though."
"Marcella acts like she's in a hurry. You aren't allowed, uh... We'd prefer, you made no commitments, but if she has a specific thing she needs done, and you know what I mean, we understand. You have to tell us, though, at least one of us, and we've all committed that if you tell one of us, we all have to tell each other, it's important, it affects the whole hab."
I agreed, of course, and I liked the info as background, but I dismissed it as probably utterly irrelevant.
I was wrong.
== ==
By the third day working together it was just Marcella and myself. Marsha and Jamie had decided to go other things since it wasn't exactly engineering work and they didn't know Spanish. Besides that, we'd been hanging around each other a lot so they decided to go off and do other things for a while in a division-of-labor sort of way.
That left Marcella and I.
I'd seen her, but not in the showers because her hab was on a different level. She was medium height, lightly built, with a small bustline, strong athletic legs, and jet black thick past-shoulder-length hair she kept in a scrunchie right near the bottom.
She always wore shorts, which was unusual since most people liked jeans at least given the caverns were universally at 14 C / 55F. Thus, I could see her legs most of the time.
I asked her about her legs. The muscles she had were extraordinary. She had been a cross-country runner in college the previous year, as well as an academic all-star (according to her, it was some award her athletic department gave for best grades of a person participating in an NCAA sport).
We had set up a pattern of my reading a book out loud, one sentence at a time, and then translating it from Portuguese or Spanish to English, what I thought it meant. She started off totally correcting everything I said, both in my pronunciation and the translations, too. It was slow going, but I remembered things well, so we made good progress.
By the end of that day, I was getting at least half the pronunciations correct, but my translations were still way wrong. I struggled and struggled with them. It was hard work. I had to take breaks and just close my eyes and relax backwards into the chair for a couple of minutes.
The next day, we were back at it again. After an hour or so we took a break (as we normally did whenever the mood struck me). It was a lot harder task for me than her. She knew all this stuff already. I jokingly accused her of cheating, it wasn't fair that she got to learn this for free as a toddler and I had to do it now.
As I leaned back, I noticed Marcella, next to me, leaning back, too. She relaxed like I did, scooting down in the heavy, almost armored officehab armchairs. I closed my eyes for a minute, not-staring at the ceiling, but then snuck a look at her. I had had lots of sex, once a day at least, so I wasn't really that horny. But, when a pair of legs that powerful shows up next to you, you pay attention.
I looked up her body, appreciating what I saw. Her eyes were closed, still, so I looked carefully at her chest. To say that it's normal for guys to stare at a girl's (or a woman's, whatever) chest, that's assumed. At Camp Zester, I didn't do it so much because I'd seen their chests in the showers, and I had lots of chances to look at boobs otherwise.
Nevertheless, old habits die hard. I kind of spaced out, staring at them, thinking of some other drifting set of thoughts, just kind of being in limbo like you do after you've been studying or doing something mentally taxing for a while.
After a bit, I realized that Marcella's eyes were open and staring at me, and I came to my senses and looked down and then back at my book. I started to say, "Oh, sorr..."
"Stop." She said, calmly but deliberately.
She sat up, stood up, picked up the book in front of me and bookmarked it, setting it and the other papers aside on the desk. Then, she walked around in front of me, between me and the table (a tight fit).
I sat back and looked up at her, not quite knowing what she was doing, but really suspecting that something was coming.
It was.
Marcella pulled her shirt off in a smooth motion, folded it (carefully) and put it on the table next to her. She wasn't wearing a bra, so her small but respectable A-cup boobs stuck out prominently. She unbuckled her belt and shorts, and pulled them and her panties off in one motion, stepping out of them but leaving her boots on.
She knelt in front of me, pushing my chest back so I was leaned back. It only took her a moment to undo my belt and pants and pull them down to my ankles, before running her hands back up my legs.
Her hands were cool to the touch as her hands moved up my thighs and over my abdomen before coming back down again to the center. Her fingers traced a line on my only slightly hard penis, lying against my leg. It jerked a bit with the touch of her cool fingers, but then it was instantly Hot as her mouth sucked me in, still mostly soft.
I didn't stay soft for long.
Pulling suction with her cheeks, she used her fingers to rub up and down, then made swirly tongue motions over the glans, bobbing her head down to suck in the length of me.
Soon enough I was rock hard, loving the feelings she was sending through me. She took her time, going slowly with her head, just holding me in her mouth and barely moving, then moving up a little, then slower again. I could see that all the while, her left hand was moving rapidly down between her legs as she fingered herself.
Breaking suction, she looked up at me, then back down, and said, "I love cock. I really, really love it. Cock is great! So soft on the surface. So hard underneath. Your cock is fabulous, Kev. I just love your cock." She sucked again for a bit, slowly, her eyes closed, feeling it all. Breaking again, she said, "Great fucking cock. This is going to be epic."
"Thanks" was all I could think to say. I hoped I could live up to her expectations. I decided to help out the situation a bit and said, "Sit up on the desk a minute."
She nodded, sort of shrugging sideways like she was deciding if that was a good idea, then stood up and sat on the edge of the desk, her legs splayed. Her body was hard and toned from all the work we'd been doing, muscles in her quite visible six-pack vibrating a bit as she arched her back and then looked down at me with eyes, wide open, innocent and expecting at the same time.
I smiled, knowing what was coming next. Leaning in and scooting the chair up a bit, I ran my hands over the tops of her thighs, then over her boobs, down around the 'underboob', and back up over her nipples. A quick intake of breath told me I was doing the right thing. I leaned in and kissed her abdomen, then down, around, and then inwards.
One lick and she shuddered, wanting more, so I began in earnest. I loved the ability to make women quiver with excitement, to come for me, it was a power trip. I was in control of their body, not them, I could make them come for me, under my fingers, under my tongue, under my kisses.
Working about 5 minutes at this, bringing a pair of fingers in and out slowly, sometimes curling my fingers, sometimes not, I set up a good rhythm. She got closer and closer, breathing heavy, excitement pounding in her quivering stomach. I looked up and watched, her nipples extended and hard, the top of her chest flushed and red.
The time was right - I changed my licking pattern harder, sucking in her clit into my mouth gently and rubbing the nubbin I had with my tongue rapidly.
"AHHHHhhhhhhHHH...." she screamed, coming, her legs wrapping around me, her arms struggling for control as she leaned back on the desk, her whole body consumed by the fits of pleasure shooting through her. She convulsed and twisted, locking my head between her legs, taking the world muffled and quieter and a bit removed from her guttural exaltations.
Gradually, her grip loosened, and she relaxed a bit, and I rested my head on one thigh for about 30 seconds, before I decided she needed a number-2 orgasm straight away. Sometimes I did this because it was utterly obvious she needed the first O so badly, a second one would be pretty easy to get her to, and would sate the urges longer.
I pushed my head in again, nuzzling up her inner thigh, starting my licking with the flat part of my tongue again, and getting a rhythm going with my fingers in and out of her very well-lubricated pussy.
"Oh!" she was startled to feel me still going, "is this... Are you?..." She sighed, and tried to take a deeper breath but failing with a quivery breathing-sound of overload. It was obvious I was keeping up with the process. "Ooooohhh..." She loved this part, I could tell, but it didn't last long and she said, "Hey, no, uh... no, I need... oHhhhhh, wow, no, I need you ... come... can I have... your cock now?!?... oh... yes..."
I wasn't going to refuse that, so I stood, gave my cock a little rub, and pressed it into her, even if I wasn't totally hard yet. It didn't matter, not but a few strokes later I was plenty hard, rocking into her, her legs just spread wide on the table and being nice handholds to pull myself in.
There hadn't been many times in my life where I was making love outside. Granted, this wasn't quite outside - we were in a cave, in a shipping container, under a mountain. It felt outside, though, because of the animal smells of the place, and very high ceiling immediately out the shipping container door.
I briefly worried about someone interrupting us, like I was hiding something, but no one did, and soon enough my cock's slick-sliding-away led to my pulsing happiness (though no more orgasms for Marcella).
Cuming in a person that wasn't my habmate, it felt kind of odd, but ... spurting happy cum is a great way to be, anywhere!
After I pulled out and stood back to lean on the container doorframe, Marcella stood, then came over and kissed me, pressing her breasts into my side. "That was Lovely. Is there something else I can do for you, or to you?"
I laughed, but was confused what else there could be. "Not really coming up with anything. I probably need to clean up before going home..."
She nodded and her eyes lit up, "Oh, yes, I know what you mean. A little odd, but some girls were talking about it a couple of days ago."
I had an idea what she meant but not an expectation; she immediately knelt in front of me, as if to give me another blowjob but instead said (while kissing and mostly licking up my thigh and cock), "Hmmm. Cleaning up... I can do that."
It was amazing-feeling. Even for just having come, the feeling of being sucked clean again after coming, while I was still sensitive and moderately elongated and completely wet from juices and cum? Wonderful!
Marcella seemed to like doing it, so I let it happen, but it seemed like a little power move that she did, throwing in that she was in charge of my penis, keeping it clean now. I wasn't objecting, but I knew a dalliance with her wasn't something I could do very often.
"You know, we can't do this... very often, like, too many times, again, right? I have, uh... to keep my habmates..."
She slurped and looked up to my face, "...happy, I know, and a guy only gets so much capacity. No surprise. I've just been looking forward to this, with you. Jamie and I talked, and she mentioned that you'd given her some O's first thing, which is, like, NOT my arrow's pattern."
"Sorry to hear that."
She finished, smacked her lips, and handed me my pants. Her tone went from sad to an oh-well-we'll-fix-it one, "We're letting him know where things stand, and what we expect from him, and that this is the original in closed societies. If we have something to say about him, every other female in this place is entitled to hear it. You can't run away from your troubles here."
This was definitely true. "Zester really is a small town, isn't it? I guess, as small towns go though, it's larger than most."
"Supposedly 12k people here -- 8 levels of 512 each makes 4k or so, times 3 areas. I'm not sure we've done a census, though."
"Not yet.... Wow. That's ... a really damn good idea, though! A census? You get credit. I'll mention it to our mayor."
"Your conversation, you brag."
"Nope. You get it. Marcella-census... Marsensus!"
She laughed, "You're an odd one, but you're learning Portuguese quicker than I've ever seen."
"Not much else to do, and I have a trick memory."
"Yeah, you said. You weren't lying. It's not the sort of thing you can fake."
We sat back down at the table and picked up again, our break was over.
== ==
Each night, I'd give all the girls a good-night hug and kiss, and then go to the appointed bed. Sometimes we'd read before turning out the light. Sometimes we didn't wait to read, and sometimes we didn't turn out the light. Always, though, there was tenderness and sharing built into it. We were all too emotionally vulnerable to do anything else.
On the plus side, all the animal habitats were set up, and the grass was sprouting all over the animal galleries. Even the water lilies, rushes, pussy willows, and other plants we'd put in around the lakes were getting a lot bigger and healthier looking. The bright lights shining on them helped.
In the water, the minnows and other teeny, teeny tiny fish we'd dumped in had taken hold, and a certain amount of pond scum had started to form in spots where water wasn't moving very fast. Those people that knew about such things said it was very healthy looking and was a great thing for getting our fish to get bigger and healthier.
One Month Address
As promised, on a Friday that was within a couple of days of our 4th week in the facility, the TVs in the cafeteria turned on all of a sudden, during breakfast.
Lots of people gasped; we weren't expecting this.
They displayed a computer-generated set of text with the current date and time, saying, "Next Announcement: Tuesday, 1 pm. Attendance is Mandatory."
It was a bombshell to have communication, even though we knew vaguely it was coming.
That Tuesday some of us worked in the morning, and some just sat around in the cafeteria, wondering and chatting about what the expectation could be. We really didn't know what to expect.
A lot of us expected more bad news, but I predicted some news about hospitals and workout rooms, since I'd seen them in the plans but the doors weren't open yet. We all figured they'd say something about the kitchens, and the previous message had said we'd find out about the horticulture (i.e., the food crop) galleries.
Our animal galleries were coming along nicely; we were all set up and the baby animals (chicks, ducklings, goats, alpacas, etc.) were incredibly cute. Even the fish ponds were set up, with most of the wetlands grasses planted and growing under the ultra-intense bright lights.
Everyone gathered, and moved their tables around so they could clearly see the monitors.
For the 10 minutes before, text appeared on screen stating that the announcement would repeat tomorrow in case someone missed it.
Exactly on Breitling time, the TVs came on, showing a blue DOD Department of Defense logo which was obviously a piece of cardboard being held up, because we could see the fingernail.
The sign dropped to show plain lettering of a printed sheet of paper, saying 'Project Echo'
When that dropped, we saw a stern-faced white-haired older man in a suit, seated behind a desk. He gave us the same warnings we'd had before, this is a video classified top secret SCI codeword turn this off immediately take it into possession and report this to site security officer or directly to highest ranking commander present. Yeah. Like we could do that.
He began.
== ==
Hello. My name is Dale Andrew Schweinfurt the 3rd. I am the 59th Secretary of the Army of the United States of America.
I have several very important announcements to make to you, and now is the time. Obviously, I can't do this in person. I'd love to meet you all; I've reviewed your biographies and, given the brainpower down there... Huh. I'm confident you'd have some choice things to say to me, and, frankly, I might just deserve them. I'm a cast-iron sonafabitch, and I may or may not be going to hell for what I'm doing to you people. From this vantage point, though -- the ethics here seem pretty clear -- I'm choosing to act deliberately and assertively, instead of passively allowing bad things to happen. Not on my watch, they don't."
"So."
"You've had some chance to adjust to the tasks ahead of you, and the situation you're in."
"You probably think you have a good handle on how things are going to be, and you'd mostly be right. But, I have to step in and ruin some good things with some hard news."
"Some things in there are going to get a lot more complicated."
[He paused to look down at his sheaf of notes, took a drink of water from a glass off camera, and steeled himself for what he was about to say. I got a sense of bad foreboding.]
"Now, some background. Since Eisenhower, we've been commissioning and running studies and simulations, including wargames, scholarly works, on topics pertinent to Project Echo. We've also kept track of situations in actual facilities to study how they actually work."
"First, we've studied preserving populations of various animals in controlled conditions with a limited genetic sample size. Turns out, after generation 20 or so, it either goes okay or all goes to shit and the species dies. The reasons vary, but usually it's a combination of factors: mortality at birth, miscarriages, overdominance of males and thus lack of genetic diversity, previous genetic conditions, infertility, or just sometimes there's a disease that kill off segments of the population until they're all dead."
"The concept of Adam and Eve, or Noah's Ark, is utterly wrong. Obviously, genetic diversity is key, to resisting diseases and inbreeding faults both"
"We've learned the following lessons. Settle back, I've got several. First, the genetic diversity ones. Ike touched on this. Mostly, this is from animal studies, but human studies are similar:
Genetic diversity depends on all members of the initial population contributing. This one's kind of obvious.
Maximizing genetic combinations as early as possible is good.
Close-cousins mating is bad.
Permanent couples reduce diversity.
Infertility is usually overcome by choosing a different mate.
Age of First Maternity -- AFM -- is HUGE. Early AFM, sufficiently after adolescent growth - being done gaining height, mostly - decreases maternal mortality and eases birth.
Low AFM cuts infant mortality, too, and birth defects, early childhood mortality, and SIDS, and significantly increases Apgar scores.
Births should not all occur on a single day, obviously, it puts strains on all kinds of things. Distributing them over the course of the year is a good factor.
Physically fit, well-fed mothers have comparatively easier childbirths and fewer complications.
Initially, females should significantly outnumber males to increase maternal mitochondrial DNA diversity.
Youthful parents make better parents, are more stress-tolerant, and give ample brain-stimulating playtimes.
"Right. Most of this is probably obvious or otherwise well-known to you already."
[As he said this, my sense of foreboding got larger. He was going to ask us to have babies earlier than five years, I was thinking.]
"Those are the big learnings. They shouldn't surprise you."
"So, you have gotten used to hearing bad news in these speeches. I have two items. I am ethically bound to tell you these things because it's important to the way you live your lives, and will change the expectations you have about how things will go."
"Here it is, number one."
He paused.
"There is radon in your environment. That is, in any closed-atmospheric system that touches unsealed dirt and rock, there is radon gas, naturally occurring. It is constantly being emitted from the rocks around you. It is not immediately life threatening. It is a colorless, odorless, unreactive, and mostly-harmless gas, at least in the short term."
"However, over a lifetime, it is harmful. By the time most of you are 65 years old, about 30% of you will develop lung cancer and die, from 40 years of radon exposure. This is a much higher incidence than in the general population, obviously, but, mostly people don't live where there's that much radon.
"There's no way to fix this besides completely exchanging your atmosphere, bringing in absolutely fresh air with giant air-exchange machinery. However, given the reason for you being there is to be isolated from outside pathogens and toxins, that's a bad idea for your safety."
"So, some of you will have this problem. The cancers will probably be fast, and there are no cures we can give you. You lack advanced hospital facilities, MRI, PET, x-ray machines, or ultrasound machines. These would break or run out of supplies in the first 20 years anyway, so including them now is useless. We've given you x-ray and phosophesence screens, for ultra-brief single-use only. You do have some minimal amount of antibiotics and other medicines, those are in the med clinics, when they open."
"You also have the means to grow some pharmaceuticals like aspirin, wort, laxatives, wine, marijuana, tea, coffee, etc., though your doctors will advise how to prepare them effectively."
"So, now, that's the bad news number one, the radon."
"Number two... well...."
"There's no easy way to tell you this. The above facts are clear and scientifically, rigorously, proven. These facts, these hard facts, tell us without doubt that the best way to ensure the success of your facility, to safeguard your population as a whole, long term, is to put more women in there than men. You knew that. The second part is that it's undoubtedly better - based on everything we know - for the women to get pregnant as soon as possible after entering."
There was a gasp from the audience. Many people put their hands over their mouths. I saw instantly where he was going, but it was like a slow-motion train wreck to listen to him say it.
"This grates against me in many ways. My mother was a strong advocate for equal rights, for women's rights. She raised me to believe that people's bodies belonged to them alone. Forcing abortions, or outlawing abortions, is a violation of the rights of the individual, the woman, to exercise control over her own reproductive system.
Likewise, forcing a pregnancy on someone is just as repugnant. It should have the most severe of consequences, as a form of rape, a class of the most morally reprehensible action we can envisage. It must be rejected with all available strength."
"That is what I was taught. This is what I believe, strongly, firmly, throughout every bit of my moral fiber."
"Compare this, though, with the fact that the other end of the ethical scales, the other end of the balance of justice, is the entire Existence of Humans at all. What if these two rights, these two absolutes, are in conflict?"
"The moral judgment, I think it's clear, should be to compare what is right, what is fair for our children? Whatever we must sacrifice for them, what is the right thing to do? As a father, that's what I feel, deeply. I'm also a grandfather, and I have the same need, to make sure my kids and my grandkids are safe. Of course, I have that sense about any child I meet or know about. And, I'm sure you do, too."
"So, we have a moral dilemma. How do I encourage, or even enforce, everyone there, to become pregnant as soon as possible? How does this intertwine with setting up the operational needs... setting up all the vital and necessary components, to make that facility viable, long-term?"
"Well, you're not going to like the answer here, probably... I can bet, based on history, people in similar situations to yours. So you're not going to like it... But, I have some other stuff to mention in a minute that makes the reasoning even more crystal clear."
"Women. All of you, as a requirement for being there, were switched over to using Norplant, the subcutaneous birth control capsule. You were told that the internship's working conditions would be extremely chaotic, your personal items at any given time might be inaccessible. You were told that your hours would be varied and unpredictable. All of you agreed to this change. Those who did not initially comply were either dropped from the program or were covertly convinced to comply."
"I should mention that Norplant, the medication, is safe and effective. It lasts 5 years from the time it is implanted. It is a great product, and millions of people use it."
"However, the capsules you were given were not actually Norplant."
There was a collective, "What?!?!" from the room. Even though it was kind of obvious where this had been going, there were still gasps and screams as he said it.
He paused for a moment, probably knowing that this would happen.
"The capsules implanted were designed to provide a random number of months of birth control effectiveness, not Norplant's 60-months worth. Yours vary from 2 months to 12 months. Since you got those implants 3 months ago by your timescale, about 12% of you are now NOT covered by birth control."
During this last section there were increasing numbers of screams, angry shouts, and objections. I noted that my habmates were not silent. Again, there was crying, disappointment, and fear. I was sitting between Jamie and Jo, holding their hands, and felt their gasps as he said these things.
"So, given the probabilities involved, it's likely that with 12% of you being without birth control for a month, that about 5% of you women are now pregnant."
He paused and let that sink in. People looked at each other in horror.
"We've seen in past facilities that almost all women have sex in the first month of residency, and given we know from medical tests that your 'plumbing' works, so to speak, the probabilities are pretty reasonably accurate. About 5%, give or take."
"Now, why would we do this? What's the thinking? Well, basically, it's simple. You are there to ensure the survival of the human race. That role has certain responsibilities. We have to ensure that you get pregnant, as soon as possible. For all the reasons stated above, from youthful maternity survival, to reducing escape attempts, to genetic diversity reasons, this has to be the solution."
"Now, we've found that in most facilities, especially the early ones where residents were not volunteers, there was some sort of staged protest, a movement to resist this situation. We saw this even given all the good things that are at stake. We've seen as much as 20% of women actively resist having any sex, on the presumption that they did not want to be manipulated and controlled. We understand. Initially, we couldn't do anything about that, so we let these resistance movements happen.
"In the end, though, as time passed in these facilities, many women approaching 35 years old decided that they did indeed want children, and then they had difficulty as noted above with birth defects, and maternal and infant mortality due to complications. Many women needlessly died in childbirth."
"We concluded that we had to do something to fix this. The pain, suffering, and death from maternal mortality and infant mortality was too big when they waited. It threatened project success, which made the entire project just an exercise in unjust imprisonment."
"Now, a previous Secretary of the Army, he was Catholic, and he wanted some ethical consultation about this. Trouble was, he couldn't actually ask people for fear of giving away the situation. His solution was to find Jesuit priests, and they're generally known as respected people. Even atheists know that Jesuits have significant expertise in the fields of ethics, as a scholarly topic. Not everyone agrees with them, for sure! But, they can give expert opinions on different ways to think about a problem, all the different philosophical theories about possible best-options."
"From the Jesuits, he found ones that were terminally ill and had very little time left. He gathered them together so they could discuss things. He asked the group about the ethics on this so they could come up with guidance."
"After things were explained, they talked about it and presented him their conclusions."
"These priests said, the greater good, it was serving God, it was being present in His universe, it was keeping the sacred future of humanity going. Those were the greater goods."
"Now, some insisted this entire project was unethical, and that God would protect humanity despite all the dangers. But, even those priests said that preserving humankind was the paramount absolute factor. It would offset many intermediate evils of controlling people's fecundity, men, women, anyone."
"They said, in the end, the harm done to residents by confining them did not originate with this project. The harm, the evil, they said, was being done by those in our world who threaten the end of all human life. That threat, that evil, has caused good people to have to choose between two wrongs, and find the lesser one. They said we could not blame those forced into such decisions. This was a Sophie's Choice."
He paused and took a breath for a couple of seconds, looking up at the ceiling. I saw a tear in his eye, but he blinked and it was gone. He obviously felt strongly and was getting control of himself. Looking back to us, he was more businesslike, and returned to reading from his notes, which really looked to be more paraphrasing than word-for-word reading. He resumed:
"The priests also addressed the moral factors for the men. The men were being used as well, as tools. In a sense, they were being forced into a sex-without-choice situation also. Further, one of the priests said, they would be blamed for this situation just because they were men, and women would feel it's all men's doing, the world's power structures are built for the purposes of men, not women, so the men would be blamed."
"They agreed that, even if they'd not seen inside a facility, that they were sure that the men's lives would be torn apart, too. Men, in a place with too many women, would be asked to prioritize one woman above another, or one child above another. This would be very hard for anyone to bear. The men would have the natural desire to settle down with one woman more than anyone else, but would be prevented from doing so. This would cause pain for everyone."
"They counseled, as advice to pass along, the need for compassionate forgiveness, of going above and beyond in that area, since this situation demands much and none would be prepared for the completely unique mixture of gender ratios and confinement."
"Being cut-off from outside support, including emotional support, adds huge stress, and people might choose to resolve their disagreements with violence or self-harm."
"They recommended trusting in God, developing over time an ever increasing practice of bending lest you break, and to love the people around you despite their actions. That is, one said, to be 'Loving with all your hearts and souls, moving quietly through this Earth in wonder at His firmament.'"
"I am reading you this advice. I apologize if you are of a different faith. I hope it has some comfort to you, irregardless."
[I hated it when people used the word 'irregardless'. It's not a word, dammit!!]
He looked up, having come to the end of a part. He turned over the paper and went on.
"So, we come to Item Number 3: Carrots. That is, Encouragement."
"Scattered in various places around the facility, there are retinal scanners. All your eyes have been scanned already. To encourage as many babies to be born as possible, we are giving you the following incentives. Upon seeing a certain number of new human retinal scans from new babies, we will open a succession of additional rooms for you."
"For one, right off here, we're going to give you the tools to open the hab next to yours. Opening, expanding, and building with the tools and materials it contains, you will be able to reconstruct your habs into a large 2-story house with 4 bedrooms and about 3000 square feet. All the materials, furniture, and equipment, etc., are stored in the second container."
"Secondly, very shortly, we will open up rooms containing industrial clothes-washing equipment, workout / weight rooms, and a set of swimming pools."
"Thirdly, we'll open up rooms with equipment and tools you can use to hook up power to the new house you're going to be constructing."
"Now, after enough children are born, we will open up an additional set of corridors and rooms. These rooms will have additional leisure activity rooms like libraries, entertainment rooms with pool tables, ping pong tables, racquetball courts, tennis courts, running tracks, a set of school buildings including elementary, junior high, high school, and college classrooms, and a variety of musical instruments. Also, later on, there will be more hab galleries, and better furniture so that you can have a nicer life in all your habs."
"We will also give you access to more types of seeds so you can grow more interesting food to eat."
"All these things come as staged incentives for more babies to be born."
"However, we've found it's helpful to add a stick to these carrots. The stick is for those who choose to not have children, for whatever reason -- disinclination, rebellion, anger, we understand these reasons. They are absolutely valid. You have every right to be angry with either the enemies of humanity, myself, the system that put you there. We deserve it, to a point. But, we are trying to keep you safe."
"Remember this, it's IMPORTANT: When - NOT IF - WHEN - something happens out here that kills millions of people at a time, you will not be affected. Your lives and your family's lives will be unaffected. You will be SAFE. We will not be safe. More on that in a minute, though."
"To continue, if the automated systems do not see retinal prints of a certain number of children born by 18 months from now, the hot water will be turned off, along with the steam. The pipes will be there and there will be water in them, but the water will not be hot."
"Should this continue for a while, bathing and living your lives in water that's about 48 degrees Fahrenheit, we've found that eventually everyone complies. There are a variety of additional incentives queued up that are both rewards and punishments, but mostly it's encouragement. We want you to know that continuity of people is important."
"There will be genetic testing in the hospital facilities, as well as retinal scans, establishing identity and parentage. The manuals in the hospital will cover that."
"You should know something, too. Everyone in your facility, everyone, men, women, everyone, as far as we can tell, is fertile. You were all subjected to a significant and frighteningly thorough set of tests that established that you are free from common reasons for infertility. So, there should be very few people who do not become pregnant unless they choose not to have sex. So, the required number of babies to avoid disincentives is quite high. It's almost everyone."
"Peer pressure should help people who are reluctant. The disincentives, and the positive incentives, have a way of helping people move together towards a common goal."
"Now. Onto item 4."
"You need to know about some things that are happening in my world. These are things not reported in the news because of classification levels, things you are now cleared to know."
"Every year or two, somewhere in the world, the CIA, Mossad, MI-6, or other agency finds a new weapons lab. Groups of ideologues or extremists set them up, all over, in out of the way places. They are hard to track down. It's pretty evil, but there's a big-dollar market for new weapons development."
"For the bioweapons labs, all someone needs is about $150,000 in common bio lab equipment. Lots of companies make and sell it to anyone. You also need some competent scientists, but almost any biochem engineer can do this work. Once that person is trained and equipped, they can create something. Typically, it's a variant on anthrax, brucella, tularemia, cholera, plague, smallpox, and, of course, deadly variants of measles, which is hugely infective and can be engineered to bypass the vaccines everyone's gotten."
"Any one of these agents, even in their cheapest, easiest forms, could wipe out a large fraction of humanity if weaponized correctly. Four years ago, we got some Marxists in Bolivia who had created a deadly smallpox variant. It mimicked the common cold. That one was a world-ender.
Initially, the symptoms are nothing, a runny nose for a week or so. Then it seems to go away. But, it's waiting, low grade, still being hugely infectious, THE WHOLE TIME. The R factor was 17. SEVEN FUCKING TEEN. If you know what that means. All the while, it's inside, invisible, shutting down major organs, using multiple overlapping mechanisms, slowly but completely eating away at vital functions. It takes over the inner chest cavity and core muscle tissues. Then, at 3 to 5 weeks out, it gets too much, the person dies, mortality over 97%, hard to tell -- in tests, very, very few animals survive it. In the meantime, those infected effectively kill everyone they're ever in the same room with."
"We got the lab that made that bugger. We stopped them because one of the Hispanic lab techs had spent his childhood in Germany. He knew German. The main lab scientist was Czech, wrote his notes in Czech, and recorded what he was doing and why. He was being paid by a drug kingpin who wanted to wipe out his competitors. So, the lab tech who knew German could read some Czech, and figured out the plan. He put poison in the scientist's coffee and saved the human race. Right there. I arranged for that guy's whole family and extended family to move to South Carolina and got everybody college scholarships. Least I could do."
"Next. It's not all biochem. Last year, we got intel that the Chinese were developing a weaponized toy-sized drone. We checked it out. It was true. It carried advanced batteries and a computer graphics card that could recognize people in both visible and infrared. It could recharge slowly from its own small PV cells, or from its base station's solar cells. It was programmed to find people, kill them, then return and recharge.
The weapon they attached to the drone is a small, light, extreme-UV/x-ray laser. It could shoot accurately from over 100 meters away and track a moving target, even in a car. In one 5-second shot, it could deliver an invisible, undetectable, lethal radiation dose. Then, it moves on to the next person. No one knows it happens until later. Thirty-two shots per battery recharge. It can also recharge by autonomously landing on, then hanging underneath a 400-volt neighborhood power line and unwinding an aluminum string to the ground."
"The people targeted with this thing wouldn't feel anything right away. Nothing. About 3 hours later, they'd start vomiting horribly, hemorrhage out, and die."
"We figured it would take about 10,000 of these things to kill almost everyone in a major city in 3 days. Of course, those drones would move on, carrying their base station to the next city. There would be no defense, since they are designed to move randomly to avoid being shot at. Self-guided, they need no radio equipment, and can't be shot down by EMP bursts."
"You're thinking, this is an exotic weapon, right? Not at all. This is commercial equipment, off the shelf, mostly, with only a few relatively expensive parts. Turned out, they had 43,000 of these drones in 50 shipping containers, across the USA and the EU. They had better versions that could fire a lethal dose in a quarter-second, with 100 shots per battery charge, and an hour to recharge. We were going to be fucking dead, fast."
"Are you getting chills here? I live this, this is my life. We find this stuff, we throw what we can at it, and we try like hell to come up with countermeasures. We are at war, only the world doesn't know it. Think, if there is a 1-in-a-million chance of a person being both crazy and smart enough to do this, well, with 8 billion people in the world that means there are 8,000 Lex Luthors. They're out there, right now, figuring out ways to kill people. Some of those ways, they kill Everyone. All People. Everywhere. Forever."
"The only reason I sleep at night, The ONLY Reason, is you, there, in those places. Your hole in the ground, the place that doesn't exist? You are the backup plan that is looking more and more likely to be the primary plan."
"You Need to Understand. This!" [He pointed at us, at the screen] "This world, we aren't getting safer. The power to kill vast numbers of people is becoming very decentralized."
He shifted to almost sound accusative.
"We didn't put YOU, you beautiful and smart and capable and strong young people, you Absolute PRIDE of the United States, into a set of boxes and ship you off to be punished."
"We put you in boxes to keep you safe from the shit that's about to rain down on us. You are some of the only really safe people on Earth. You think we want to spend all that money for fun? Develop that exotic tech that makes Rock-Go-Somewhere-Else for fun? Make it so you can go in there and spend all day having sex and playing games with rabbits and goats? That would be some fucked up shit right there. You are not playing. You Are Important."
He paused a second and took a drink, then continued, almost intellectually:
"We did not make you slaves... Well, that's not right. You sort-of are. We bought you - but really, we bought your safety. And the whole country paid. All your families paid a dear price. All your teachers paid. They had high hopes for you. All the people that knew you, that saw what you could become, they paid, never to see you again. Your families, the people near to you, those that loved you? They paid. They paid with toil and tears and love and you were there, and then you weren't. They have been told that you died."
"You are not dead. You live so EVERYBODY lives."
"Really, Eisenhower and the others told you why you're there."
"We've got to keep you safe. Tech has made it very easy for any person, with minimal skills, to kill more and more people. Think about it. All the most disaffected and psychotic people on the planet can now work hard, learn, and acquire skills. That's good. But, then, they go off and use them to commit the most evil, horrible, genocidal shit you can think of."
He took a breath and looked at his notes.
"Ok, gotta change the subject now, I think I've gotten the ideas across."
He paused again, laying down a sheet of paper and moving to the next sheet.
Number 4, your side habs. One of the rooms near the cafeteria will open soon, later on the day you see this. It contains a set of tools that fit the oddly-shaped nuts and bolts holding the sidehab doors, and the pass-thru doors on the inside of your habs, shut. Use them immediately, and, presuming you have mayors -- mayors? Help ensure everyone's sidehab gets opened up. Like always, follow directions exactly or you'll get broken stuff that can never be fixed.
Number 5, Hospitals. Doors on every level will open to a stairway that goes to that area's Level 4 hospital. Those doors and the hospital doors should open today or tomorrow. It's an Army field hospital. It has complete operating theaters and some limited, mostly re-usable supplies. It's all in containers. You're going to have to set it up. There are 50 rooms, a total of 100 beds."
"All beds are equipped for obstetrics delivery. There are, however, very limited provisions for C-Sections, and they will be dangerous with what is provided. You will have equipment to autoclave and chemically clean and re-use various surgical supplies. There is a dentist's office, but no anesthesia supplies, so brush your teeth with absolute care. Use an absolute minimum of force on that toothbrush daily, or your gums recede and you lose your teeth that way, too."
"Maternal mortality, at similarly equipped facilities around the world, is approximately 1% for the first birth, and 0.25% per subsequent birth. A woman having 10 pregnancies will have approximately a 4% chance of dying in childbirth in her lifetime. This is better than most underdeveloped nations. The balance for how to equip your facility was a difficult one."
"The odds for infant mortality are, likewise, better than the 3rd world but not probably what you're used to; about the same as maternal mortality, maybe a little higher."
"Use the supplies judiciously. You will have many emergencies. You have limited supplies. Do not do extreme measures to save a single life if that uses extreme amounts of supplies. There are many people in the future in your facility that could be saved by small amounts of those supplies. Clean them and re-use them if at all possible. Conserve them, or people in the future will die of simple treatable things."
"Number 6, emergencies. I have a metaphorical button that I regularly press. It transmits a 'keep everything locked' message at 6-month intervals. If one of the 3 of us, the President, Treasury Secretary, and I, if we don't press that button, your facility goes into a 'something happened' mode. This means some doors unlock, some other doors close for a while, etc. It's designed to cope with any kind of attack or world catastrophe. It will close you off a bit more for a while, but give you access to more info about what's going on, worldwide. Be sure and make notes. That way, years later, you can come out into the world and know what you're getting yourselves into."
"Number 7. Duration. The facility you're in is somewhat larger than you know about. You will move into areas gradually as your population grows. Preserve everything you have. When someone dies, keep their clothes. A body should go out the way it came in, naked, as God made us."
"Provided you don't have more than about 10 kids per generation for the first couple of generations, you'll be fine. The mechanical and electrical systems have been designed and assembled for a facility lifetime of 500 years, maybe triple that with degraded capabilities."
He looked up and stopped reading for a moment, looking right in the camera.
"Latest projections, outside, here, we've got about a 92% chance of surviving the next 10 years without a 10%-plus casualty event. That means, a 8% chance that ten percent of humanity dies from one cause."
"That will make various wars look like a bee sting next to an atom bomb. Really, though, nukes aren't the problem anymore. The Russians don't want to bomb us. Kremlin want to steal from us, sure, but not bomb us. Nope. I think it's going to be either a pandemic or a nerve gas attack. We can only hope if it's a pandemic that it isn't man-made."
Returning to his notes, he read:
"Number 8, last one. Your agricultural greenhouses will open tomorrow morning and you have a lot of work to do. You need to set up your food supply before you run out, and before too many women are so pregnant they can't bend over easily."
"You have a ton of work to do to set this stuff up. We could get it there for you, but for secrecy, we could only use robots, so setup is your responsibility. The side benefit is you'll learn how it all fits together so you can repair it if need be."
He wearily smiled and looked at the camera with a worried expression.
"I'm sorry, again, that you were lied to. We... had to do something. If the world knows you exist, they will kill you, too. You are far safer in your hidey-hole."
"This is the last bad news you'll get, provided you police yourselves. I'd like to say, I'm personally very sorry to put you in this position, but in another way, I'm thankful that at least someone is safe from the catastrophes that are waiting out here.
I think if you game this out, think about what's happening in the world, yourselves, you'll find we Absolutely Had To create that place and put you in it."
"Live your lives. Have fun, where you can. Be open, be carefree, at least a little. Love your children. Love them more than anything else you do. Tell them you love them a lot. Be with them, hug them. I hope you guys make it. I hope we do, too. It's a grand dream that this whole exercise would be unnecessary. I'm sure we all wish that, because to not wish it is...well, to wish it's needed is to wish for the deaths of millions, or billions."
"So. That's it. Your next announcement will come in about 6 months. By then, you'll be ready for the information in it, and it won't be bad news. Sorry, can't skip to the end here, it's the way it is."
He finished, saying:
"God be With You. I only wish I could do more to help."
He leaned over and turned off the camera. The screen went to text, saying:
This video will repeat at 3 pm tomorrow.
I looked at Jo, beside me. She, and everyone, again, were crying.
I didn't know what the hell to say. I didn't want to break the ice. I remembered the Wiki page for Eisenhower; it had one of his famous quotes as, "Never miss a good opportunity to keep your mouth shut." So, I just sat there. I sat, and I waited.
Kim, usually the vocal one, was quiet. So was everyone, for a couple of minutes, and then the conversations started around us.
Dana said, "Let's go back to the hab."
Nobody moved.
I certainly wasn't going to be the first.
Sitting there, I was trying to figure out what I was feeling. That was a huge amount of info to take in. Drones? Smallpox? A kitchen? I was going to be a dad?
What were they thinking?
I could tell everyone was deep in thought. I sat back a little, and tried to mentally re-read a bit from the manuals I'd studied, covering the way the pipes were routed, and then compared that with my vision of the way the pipes were actually laid out on the ceiling. It wasn't that I cared that much, I just had to get my mind off what I'd just heard, it was too much, all at once.
Jo turned to me and put her arms around my shoulders and cried. Hugging back was my only option. I held her as she cried on my shoulder, sniffling into my shirt.
Amber came around the table and pulled us up. We stood up, and she hugged us both, her boobs pressing into my side and the contrast between these two women seeming much smaller now that they were both hugging each other and me.
Kim, then Jamie, then everyone was hugging. I saw out of the corner of my eye that lots of other tables were doing the same thing. Hugs. That's what solved things when you had strong emotions but didn't know what to do.
Eventually, we broke up a bit and headed back for the hab.
On the way, Jo asked me, "You remember everything, right?"
"Mostly, yeah."
"Can you write down all the words he said today?"
"Uh, sure."
Jo looked at me, and said, "I think I want it down on paper so I can think about it better."
I nodded, "I'll take care of it before tomorrow. You can compare it with what he says, real-time, and see if I mis-remembered anything. I'm not perfect." I was fallible. Sometimes when I remembered a conversation, I imagined how it would be different, and that memory interfered with my actual memory. It wasn't frequent, but it did happen.
Back at the hab, we all sat in the common room. I took a 3-person couch and had Amber on one side and Jamie on the other, both snuggling into me, my arms over their shoulders, my head drooped to almost touch theirs.
Kim said, kind of as a conversation starter, contemplatively, "What's changed?" She apparently was playing devil's advocate.
Lisa was confused, "What do you mean?"
"What changed? I mean, we knew we were gonna be here the rest of our lives anyway - no matter what, we're stuck here, right?"
Rhetorical question, unanswered.
She looked at me. "Kevin. Be purely rational. You're good at that."
I looked a little askance at her, not sure if that was really a compliment. "Uh, I guess. I'm not... I'm not feeling really rational right now. I'm kind of in victim mode."
Lisa asked, "What are you feeling, then...?"
I said, "Look, I'm torn. I... I think there's huge amounts to unpack in this. I'm upset, because you all..." I looked around at them, "You all are being hurt. And, I don't like that. I don't like it when People I Love are being hurt."
Her eyes opened a little, a commiseration expression.
I continued, "I'm trying to figure out what I feel, and what I know for sure. It's hard to tell, a bit, because, well, my life came crashing down when we came in here. But, there's some things I do know, I know really well, really for-sure."
I looked around at them. "I know that I love you, all of you. I know that it's not just 'caring about' you. I love you." I looked at Kim, opposite me. I looked her in the eye and said, "Kim, I love you."
Kim nodded, interested that I was going there.
Next to her was Heather. "Heather," I looked her in the eyes, too, "I love you."
Heather, said, "Thank you. I love you, too, Kevin."
Around the room, I went, disentangling my arms from being around Jo and Jamie, looking each of them in the eyes and saying "I love you." Everyone said "I love you" back, too.
Kim, at the end, said, "I... didn't say it, but I felt it. Kevin... I love you, too."
I nodded. We were all teary-eyed again.
Amber, said, kind of chuckling through teary-eyes, "So, I guess I'm going to be a mom."
Everybody laughed. It was a bit of a joyful laugh, but not totally. Jo said, "You know?"
Amber laughed at her, half-crying, sniffling as she talked, "No, th-tupid! I don't know anything! I'm thaying that, what he thedd. We're all gunna be Momth."
Jamie piped up, unusual for her. "I... It could be me." She inhaled a bit, and looked at the floor as if evaluating it, pursing her lips. "I had my period 3 weeks ago, a week after we got here. It wasn't as big as usual. I used tampons, because they said with Norplant sometimes we'd have a little one. And, it wasn't as much as normal. But, still. I looked around, and no one else was having one, I didn't know for sure, so I didn't say anything. If that was real, I'm really off it, and a week ago, I definitely had unprotected sex."
This information took some processing. Amber, who sleeps next to her, said, "So, that's why you were standoffish with Kevin those nights, it was your period. I thought it was because you were, like, shy and stuff."
Jamie nodded and didn't say anything.
Kim said, "Anyone else?"
All heads shook 'no'. Kim continued, "No? Okay. So, here's our decision then. Do we change our routine, knowing this?"
Jo, next to me, sat up and turned sort of to face me, but was talking to the room. She said, "My senior year in high school, I was dating this guy I liked, like, a lot, and we had a lot of sex. Not oral, like, real sex. I was on the pill, but I knew, sometimes that doesn't work? Right? So, anyway, I was thinking then, and every time since, when I go out with someone more than once, I ask myself, is this guy... is this... What would it be like if I made a baby with this guy? I'd ask myself, is this guy somebody who'd be a Dad, a dad with a capital D? Would he do good things? Be the right kind of person?"
She turned to me, sitting next to her, holding her hand. "Kevin. You're good people. You care about people. You care about me! You're smart... you're funny... You have morals... You don't drive a motorcycle!" (people laughed) "You don't play drums!" (more laughter)... and you'd be a good Dad, a big D-dad. You WILL be a good Dad. She hugged me, then pulled away and kissed me softly for a second, and said, "You can be a dad with... With me. You can, we can..." She took a really deep breath, stuttered as an inhale from emotion. "If I'm going to make a baby, I'd like you to be the father." She hugged me again, tightly, and I hugged back, tightly.
I heard a chorus of, "Awwww..."
Everyone waited, and we sat back, holding hands.
Amber was on my other side, and I'd let go of her hand to hug Kim. She put her hand on my leg, and I realized I'd let go, so I took her hand again, too, then looked at her. Her eyes were dripping, too, and she nodded at me, close-mouthed and eyebrows up, affirming.
Heather said, "I don't want to be a mom now." She sounded a bit down.
Kim said, "Yeah. I get that."
Heather's face told it, pained, frustrated, "I had ideas. I was going to do things. I wanted to go to Europe! I never saw Paris! Fuck! FUCK FUCK FUCK!" She crossed her arms over her chest. She continued, "It's like I missed out on the best parts. Now, I'm a breeding machine. Heather the Cow."
"Hey!" Kim said, "That's not fair. That's not fair to you, that's not fair at all."
Heather said, "I'm not talking about you. You can do what you want, great. I'm... I got teased. I was fat, as a pre-teen, I was always fat. My mom was fat, too. She always made me sugary stuff, cookies. I didn't want them, because I knew, I'd get fat. But, they tasted so good. And, there wasn't anything else to eat - not anything that tasted good. So, I was fat. Sick fat. But, then, my mom got actual-sick, and we moved, moved in, really, with her sister... in a new town. I finished 8th grade, then started high school, knowing nobody. But, I decided to fix it. I went out for cross-country and track, despite getting bullied and teased and shit like that. Bitches gonna hate. I didn't care. I ran. And, my aunt made good stews, a lot of them. And salads. I got thinner, and thinner, and felt better, too. The kids that had called me Fat Cow, they started saying, wow, look. I got invited to some parties, it was really nice. I wasn't Fat Cow anymore."
She thought for a moment.
"If I get pregnant, I'm going to be a fat cow again."
Kim nodded. She had Heather's attention, "Heather, come on. You are not a fat cow now. You are slim. You are beautiful. When... If... When you get pregnant, you will still be beautiful. And, after the pregnancy, you can still run and be trim and fit. All that 'fat forever' stuff is bullshit."
Thinking fast, she added, smiling, "Not cow shit, bull shit."
Heather was nodding a bit, that had helped.
I had to pee, but I didn't want to leave. I leaned over, "Uh, Jo?... I really, really have to pee. Be right back." She nodded. I extricated myself from the couch (sore muscles and all), and walked towards the door. Kim stopped talking and looked at me, obviously, so I said, "Really gotta use the bathroom. Be right back."
At the door, though, I stopped and turned around, really fast, bolted back over to Heather, bent over and kissed her really fast on the cheek. I said, pulling away and trying to look at her, "You're really beautiful. I'll run with you, pregnant or not."
I jogged lightly down to the bathroom, and went in to pee. There were more than the usual number of stalls occupied, and I heard crying.
This was not a happy time, I thought.
After I peed, I realized I needed to go number two, and took care of that. Since I was in a rush, I forgot to set the bidet to warm, and it was cold! The feeling of ice water on my backside (I'd done this before) was startling. I began to see how having a lack of hot water might be a severe incentive to do what they wanted.
I finished up and washed my hands, using a tiny squirt they gave from the auto-soap dispenser. I wondered about that. There was a description in one of the manuals about how to make soap from animal fat and ashes, but I hoped our supply of soap lasted a nice long time.
At the hab again, probably 15 minutes had gone by, and as I started to come in, Jamie met me at the door and said, "Hey. It'd be good if you... If you took a walk for an hour or so. We want to have some girl time."
I raised my eyebrows and nodded, "Of course. I get it." I looked at my watch. "See you at dinner at... 6?"
"Yep. Good plan."
I walked off and decided to tend to the goats for a while.
Working with goats was fun. They were especially playful and social since they were very young. We'd watched them grow even over the few weeks we'd had them. They could fit more in a container if they were young, and they ate less, etc. The fact that they were far cuter, butting things, running around and jumping on and off of things - and each other - made working around them a bit like playtime, too.
But, they did make poo - lots and lots of poo.
Taking care of them was pretty simple - feeding and watering. The feeding was easy, given the giant feeders we had that dispensed the right amount of food (by turning the handle once) into a tray. Someone did it, morning and night. The handle was marked 'MORN' and 'AFT' and we had all agreed that afternoon was 'right before you go to dinner'.
Watering, that meant filling up the stock tanks, which emptied into the watering troughs. Again, easy.
There was one additional watering job: spraying out their pens. Mounted to the wall of the gallery was a pipe with a firehose connector and a small on-off ball-valve. Walking to the first one, I grabbed the hose, unrolled the hose a bit, and turned on the water.
The water spray took the water down towards the far end wall, where it went into a set of grates and from there into a set of drainpipes.
Things smelled better after a good wash-out, and it hadn't been done today since everyone was busy talking about, waiting for, watching, and then (like us) talking about the video.
Cleaning out that one gallery took about 2 hours, and there were more galleries that weren't getting cleaned. My arms were dead tired at the end of it; the waterflow was huge and the hose heavy.
Some of the splashback had made me soggy and a bit poo-covered, too. The water wasn't that cold, though, or I'd gotten used to it.
Back at the front of the gallery by the exit, there was a small hose for filling up buckets, and I used that to hose myself down, minimally at least. There was a way to turn on both hot and cold water in the hose, so I could take a sort-of shower there, with my clothes on, to get the splashed poo off. That really was the last step of the hosedown job - hosing off the hoser.
I got back to the hab dripping wet, as I sometimes did, and found they were waiting for me, so I changed quickly and came back in, hair still wet.
Kim, ever the organizer, led off, "Okay, so here's what we've decided."
I got a little nervous and my face must have showed it.
She laughed, "No, nothing bad. We're not kicking you out."
They all laughed, in on the joke. The topic had obviously been discussed. I looked back and forth at them a bit out of the corners of my eyes and said, "oooookay....."
"Nope. You're okay, you're fine. This is our thing. We may change it tomorrow," [ her eyes found Heather and got the squinty eye-smile softness in them]. She continued, "We decided the existing arrangement will continue just the same. We decided there isn't much use in trying to stop ourselves from getting pregnant. It's going to happen anyway, and they were really, really insistent that the timing was far better now than later."
I thought about this. They were waiting for me to say something, and I'd kind of decided while I was cleaning out the pens, even though I didn't really make it a conscious, overt, talking-to-myself sort of 'yes, doing this' thing, it was more of a cementing of an already thought decision.
I said, "I have a decision too, I think. I... I know that from now on, and really before now but I didn't talk about it. I know, that every time I make love with any of you, that could be it. We could be making a baby. A Baby. Wow." I held up my hands in front of me, sort of baby-sized, and contemplated what it would be like to hold a baby in them, my baby. My eyes flared a little with the overwhelmingness of it.
I continued, "Yes. So." I took a deep breath and let it out slowly. "I don't know if I'm really ready to make babies, in that I don't know if I'm gonna be a good dad. I hope I will. I'll really try. I might make, uh, I WILL make mistakes. Obviously, there's a thing here, this place, it's making this demand on us. And, if the only downside is that I get to love another person, well, that's,... Okay with me. Actually, it's better than okay," I smiled broadly, "and I'm kind of psyched by this, too. Overwhelmed. Happy. Psyched. Worrried. Uh. Yeah."
Kim said, "'kay. Well, we will probably have to modify things a bit if someone is on their period. Presuming that's what you want?" She looked at me.
"Yes. Please." I found the whole subject of periods somewhat unnerving and yuckky. Even though I had a sister, it wasn't something my family talked about, ever, and didn't want to have anything to do with them. I think my opinion showed a little in my face, not that I intended it to, I tried to keep my face straight, but I think I failed.
"Right. So, we continue. For now, you're... wet. You were at the animal pens?"
"Yeah. I'm mostly dry now."
"Let's eat, then. I'm starving."
We walked off to the cafeteria again. I made a point of holding hands with Heather on the way there.
Yelling Matches
All was not so quiet in the cafeteria. Various people were yelling at each other, sometimes, at different tables, then they'd sit down again. Crying, some screaming at either God or the ceiling, and loud talking at all the tables greeted us.
The same food, Campbell's soups, beans, canned fruit, all that stuff, was consistent day after day. I thought it might be nice to have a home-cooked meal sometime. He'd said something about kitchens, but, as yet, no kitchen doors were extant.
The tempo and volume of the shouting got louder and louder as we ate. We all decided to go back to the hab and settle down.
Walking down the hallways, there were disagreements all over the place.
Back at our hab, we trundled in and sat down again, full of a mediocre dinner, so we all kind of split up and did our own thing.
I grabbed an actual hot normal shower with soap, and took my time. Lisa was alpha, that night's bedmate, so she came to shower with me. It was only about 150 meters away, so I usually just stripped in the hab and walked out with a towel around me rather than carry my clothes back.
Lisa was thinking heavily and I let her walk in silence.
We got there and found that it was much like the lunchroom -- where there was conversation, it wasn't nice. I finished quickly and first; Lisa (like many of the gals) had shaving to do - legs, armpits, triangle, etc. I appreciated her efforts and knew that if I waited, she would feel rushed, so I went back to the hab by myself.
When she got in, Lisa was kind of quiet and just laid on her back, like me, waiting for something, or thinking. I turned out the light, but our upper-bunk companions weren't ready yet. It was still early; lots of people still were in the corridor, and some of the arguments were heated, which was unusual.
I scooted over to Lisa and just hugged her from the side, no agenda, not at all horny or wanting to get things going.
"I know I'm able, physically. I'm not sure, otherwise."
I grunted a noncommittal tiny agreement to keep her talking. These were dangerous waters and I wasn't about to dive in without a life jacket.
"I mean, yeah. Getting a period means, it's possible. Still, that was wayyyyy early. Nowhere near ready for the... responsibility... Bringing another life into the world. Is it right to do that in here? Am I really doing someone a favor by making them grow up in a place like this?"
I rose to that bait, "Like what, exactly?"
"Prison!" She said, quickly, as if I didn't know.
"Is it?"
"Uh, yeah. We can't leave. Therefore, it's prison."
I thought about the old prison argument we'd had before. I didn't agree. I thought of it like a life raft. Sure, it was inconvenient, but at least we weren't dead. I decided to ask her the serious questions I had asked myself. "What are the most important things for a kid to grow up to be a good person?"
She turned to me a bit, and said, "Food,... water, air, shelter,... Love."
"Can you love a child you give birth to here?"
"What kind of a question is that?! Of course!" She was only mildly irked, I think she knew where I was going. "And, yes, no matter where I am, where we are, I will love them. There's no way some stupid generals are getting in the way of that."
"Right." I nodded. "So you're able to physically have a baby. You're concerned the kid will grow up in a bad place? So what's so bad about this place, besides the fact that we're locked in? Are there evil people here?"
"No, it's not that..."
"Is it me? Is it the others here? Are we bad habmates? "
"Duh, no."
"I don't know if I'm ready, Lisa, I just don't know. That means, I don't think I'm unready, but at the same time I don't feel ready. I'm kind of on the fence. But, I figure,... Look, when I was in cross-country running, in college, we'd have a meet, and everyone would get to run, right? I'd get to the starting line, and there were guys who were way, way older than me, far faster, better at the sport. They were ready. I knew I was sort-of-ready, but.. I was still nervous."
"Sometimes, there'd be all this build-up to the race, like, huge, it'll be huge. Like, the race was super-more-important than other races, know the type?"
She got that.
"So, in the lead up, talking about it ahead of time, I got to wondering, thinking. Then, day happens, you have a routine, you do that, but, there's anticipation. Good, yeah, okay, but at the same time, it's your routine, it's like any other race, at one level. You're standing there. It's a line. You're gonna go. But, when? Is it really that big a deal, standing there? Do the people watching care? Am I ready for this? What's different? What's that... Bang! Oh-yeah, uh.. Do I run now? Oh, hells-yeah, run! Then, once it's sort-of going, in those first seconds, it's like, huh, I guess this is how it is, we're running now, this is...the race? I'm caught in that moment?"
I paused a second and then completed the thought, "...So, with a kid, will it be like that? Will it be a huge buildup and then... slapped with reality?"
She grinned with me, mostly the funny face I made, a looking-around face, and an 'oh-yeah, do I run? Yeah!' face.
"I'm comparing this? I'm thinking, like, with a race, the gun would go off, we'd start, and then we were in the thick of it, there wasn't nervousness, there was just ... one foot in front of the other, doing what you practiced. I'm figuring out, here, that life is like that. Big setup, underwhelming starts, confusion, muddle through, figure it out, work hard... a race."
She got that, I could see.
"Even so, yeah, it's a race, but this is not cross country - that's all alone-effort. Here, it's a group, a set of people, and it's great that my life has people like you in it, on my team. This life now, has people that I like being around. You, for instance. You're funny, you're fun to talk to... I really like you."
I propped myself up and looked her in the eyes, "More than that, I love you. Each of you girls here, I love you all, each of you, I want to be the best person I can be here. I can tell you all care about me, too. You, for instance, when you get into bed, I can tell, you're trying to figure out how I'm feeling and where my brain is and all that, 'cuz sometimes I want to talk about stupid geology stuff or some historical battle I was remembering, like, compared to the way we all try to get cans of food at lunchtime. "
She laughed, remembering that pillow-talk exposition I'd made comparing the Battle of Trafalgar to how we sort of lined up and were torn between being helpful and just wanting to eat our own lunch.
I continued, "Do you love me?"
She nodded and pulled my hand alongside her face and pushed against it with closed eyes. "Yes, Kevin. I love you."
I said, "Good, that's settled at least. Now. You're going to love any baby you make." I moved my head to look out of the corner of my eye as a cheeky move and said, "Make that, _ALL_ the babies you make." She smiled. "You're going to make a great mom. I know this, there's not doubt about that part. You'll be great at it. Done. Question resolved." I was smiling broadly.
She chuckled, "Yah. You don't have to carry the thing for 9 months. Possibly die from pregnancy or childbirth."
"I'll help where I can. And, you'll have some other help here, too. Everybody's going to have the same problems. Good company."
She nodded; this they'd obviously talked about.
"Yeah." She snuggled up to me, turning her back towards me to let me spoon her. As I settled in, she pulled my arm up from being around her waist to where I could cup her boob. "Here. Hold on to this for a minute." She was obviously smiling.
We relaxed a bit. Things were getting quieter. Eventually, the doors were closed, the lights were out and I was almost asleep when she shifted, waking me a moment.
Shifting down, she pulled the sheets down, and kissed her way down, helping me come quickly to full attention.
I tried to shift around to return the favor, but she pushed me down, then crawled up my body and straddled me, moving slowly. She kissed me, her mouth open. I felt a tear on my cheek and was alarmed, but could see barely enough to tell she was smiling.
As she moved forward and back, posting a trot, she leaned in and whispered in my ear, "Let's make some babies."
The enthusiasm was contagious despite it being a massively daunting implication.
Later, waking up in the middle of the night, I felt either the mattress or the bed shaking a little. Mattress movement was far more likely - the bed was such a solidly-welded construct that that no small movement would get close to budging it. I scooted back over to her, felt her small sobs, and just tried to hold her and be there. She held me back appreciatively, a solid point in an emotionally turbulent world.
Tucked into my shoulder, snuggled in, she looked up and whispered, lamenting, "I'm a botanist! I'm a damn good botanist. I graduated cum laude from Michigan. I've done field studies already. I was on a project and we were going to be published!" Her mood seemed divided between sadness and anger. "I don't get to do that now. I get this instead!"
Obviously, she meant the facility, and her mind caught up with what she said. Trying to be conciliatory, she added, "Granted. I like this part..." She looked at me, in the darkness, and kissed me. "... But I wanted... I wanted to do botany. I wanted to make a difference in the world."
I held her. There was nothing to say.
It turned out, the botany part was just starting.
Open Doors
The next morning, I was just getting up when someone ran down the hall and was shouting, 'DOORS OPEN! BY CAFETERIA!... 'DOORS OPEN! BY CAFETERIA!'
New doors opening was an important thing, so we jumped up and dressed fast.
Everyone was walking towards the area, and we joined in, finding the area crowded. Where there had been a large floor-to-ceiling arched doorway (a sizable thing given the width of that gallery/hallway), the doors was opened and swung back into niches in the walls.
Walking past them, I could see they'd been held in place by magnetic locks at the top and along the bottom edge, set into the floor and epoxied in place. This made sense - mechanical door locks could fail, but if power went out, it would automatically unlock things.
I tucked this fact away in case we needed to get past other locked doors; I might be able to use a piece of sheet aluminum, or another electromagnet we could rig up, to distort the locks' magnetic fields.
On the other hand, messing with a lock might get us all killed. It might not be worth the risk.
Regardless, the opened hallway had a lot of side-doors to a long string of galleries.
The mayor was waiting, watching for me, calling out. We were found and led over to her, and then inside the first gallery to an office hab that had 'OPEN ME FIRST' on it.
The thing was, we were kind of looking up at the same time - it was BRIGHT in there!
The ag gallery was normal only by its width, the typical 15 meters. Hard-granite floors like the hallways were cross-hatched with drainage troughs obviously sloping towards the walls, though those walls were lined to a far distance with odd-looking flat-sided (not corrugated walled) containers.
Above, the normal catenary arch ceilings were instead covered by both a thick gridwork of pipes and a super-reflective paint, but then illuminated by a vast, super-bright set of lights that blinded all of us trying to look up to figure them out.
This was not the normal animal gallery look to a place!
There were already people inside as we came in, but they spread apart to let us get close to the odd-looking containers. As we got close, the bumpy sides resolved to be covered in bolt-heads, so they obviously were to be taken apart.
They would have to be. There was a shit-ton of them, and they went to double-high about 25 meters away and all the way into the distance.
Taking all this in at once was a trick and the eye-candy of engineered systems was making me grin my ass off, a fact not lost on the mayor.
She led us up to the first container, clearly labeled with the typical OPEN ME FIRST and bright yellow paint.
The mayor pointed, so Jamie and I opened it, pulling the doors to find the typical officehab interior. The insides of the doors, as we'd found elsewhere, had the most important info for doing first.
In this case, it was an exploded diagram of how to set up the frameworks for the hydroponics trays, our agricultural endeavor.
I looked at it, and it had the time estimates on the corner: First setup: 2 hours framework plus 2 hours wiring/hydro. Subsequent setups: approaching 1 hour total.
Each of the steps was laid out pretty plainly, but I could sense there'd be a learning curve.
Jamie and the Mayor and I chatted a minute about that, and we decided to follow the recommended procedure, with two 8-person hab-teams to start, each on a frame-container. Watching each of them would be another 16 people.
The frameworks linked together lengthwise, one to the next, so we couldn't skip ahead, but it said to tie a max of 8 end-to-end and then leave a gap and repeat that way.
I was pretty sure some groups of people had tested these kits out and we were getting the benefit of their learning process about how to be efficient and reliable.
Every step had a safety double-check, so there was always to be an assembly team and a QA team working at the same time. I laughed because I knew ahead of time there would be some people building who didn't want to listen to the people doing quality assurance.
Still, we started, opening up and going. I watched enough of how it was fitting together to offer a suggestion or two but mostly the directions were pretty clear and sweet in their simplicity.
What we ended up with was a bamboo-scaffolding arrangement, only with steel pipes and planks, stretching almost half the way across the gallery and almost to the ceiling, with adjustable row heights and tray depths for different crop root depths and stem clearances.
My hab (and the other that'd started with us) split up to teach the next crews in the galleries to the side of us and down our own gallery, and got an amazing teamwork exercise flowing in no time.
Every time I looked at the group we'd assembled - how well we functioned together, how much engineering talent their was, the basic levels of cooperation we were getting? It kind of floored me.
Of course, we'd been working as teams and sleeping together for a month already, so we kind of understood each other, but even so, it humbled me to be in the group.
Mayor Sofia toured the build sites, watching, probably looking for breakdowns in communication or personality clashes, not that I saw any near me. She asked me to come back to the office hab and start reading through books, so I did, and pulled in some of the other engineering talent we had already worked with.
We had our work cut out for us.
Weeks and Weeks of Weeks and Weeks
The next week, our fifth inside, revealed more and more reports of near-certain pregnancies, including Jo and Lisa.
While that was both sad and happy news for us all, we kept up our rotation as if nothing had changed.
Doors opened that next Tuesday, and on every Tuesday afterwards, showing us new sets of rooms.
We got swimming pools, soccer fields, badminton and handball-racquetball courts, volleyball spaces, basketball courts, and all the equipment to go with them.
We got hospitals with many, many birthing rooms / operating theaters.
We got a set of running tracks set up as concentric straightaway/curves all in a pillar farm that would let people watch from the infield or outfield. Each concentric ring was a different length, from a quarter mile / 400 meters, to 800, to 1 km. Two levels had additional lengths of 1600 meters, 3200, and 5k, though those were out-and-back tunnels with minimal lighting and strong airflows that meant something else was going on, too.
The swimming pools had a diving platform and a deep end, as well as super-long lap pools with lots of lanes, and a wading pool water-park for kids.
Unfortunately, there were no waterslides.
A treasury / bank opened on each level, with safes full of US coin money and a plastic version of currency that wasn't the USA normal paper currency. The mayor took possession of that but promptly handed it over to a trio of people, any two of which could open the safe.
Side-Habs Galore
At two months in, really once we had the ag wing pretty well set up with what it said would be enough food to grow for our own use, the doors with the tools opened.
We got the ability to open our side-habs!
Unscrewing bolts to unlock the side-habs, we expanded them out and it turned our normal habs into two-story 2200 square foot houses. Granted, we had to do a lot of bolt-tightening and careful interlocking, but the floor joists that spanned the distance between the two habs turned into comfortable living spaces.
The only thing they lacked was running water. There were four bathrooms, but these were just rooms with equipment for a wash-bowl and closable bucket-toilet. Taking the soil water to a dump-station (closets opened in walls we didn't know were there) let us use an automated metal cleanup that I enjoyed not having to use.
The idea, we all knew, was that once the women were pregnant enough, walking all the way to the bathroom to pee was going to be a huge hassle.
Kitchens
I've left off a description of the kitchens.
The tools that let us open the side-habs let us disassemble the containers in the cafeteria, which in turn let us open the doors into the kitchens.
In the back of the kitchens were immense bulk-storage containers with grains, oils, etc., enough to let us have hot food off a grill instead of microwaved, or not, MRE's.
Part of the goal of having kitchens was fresh meat, but we couldn't have fresh eggs until the chickens were 18 weeks old, and the ducks took longer, about six months.
With the opening of the kitchens and the emptying and removal of the containers in front of them, we had to staff them. This led to city-wide choices of people wanting to be on kitchen staff vs. ag or animal work, and that (of course) meant tracking time spent places.
We agreed to a check-in process for a shift (city-wide, meaning just our level), but it pretty much matched the process everyone else was using, too. A central person was the timeclock, and when we'd start a 'shift', we'd go there, they'd find our paper, note the time, and we'd come back to clock out end of shift.
Everyone had to work a certain number of kitchen setup or cleanup hours, by consensus, to make sure we all understood them and didn't take it for granted that we were put in a place forever.
Confirmation of Sizes
Pipes, by the layouts I had and our own inferred drawings, sometimes went but then appeared later having been carved (with no access) deep in the rock. Everyone knew, that couldn't happen. Thus there were engineering spaces we didn't have access to.
I wasn't in a huge hurry to get in there, but it seemed like a good plan to _want_ to, so Jamie and I (and some others on other levels) tried to infer what was in there.
In one of the manuals we found, we found specifications on the various pipes going through one of the junction galleries, where all sorts of pipes and valves were located. It showed the colors of the pipe and the numbers on each pipe, the typical water flow rates and pressures, the typical yearly min/max pressures and flow rates, and the design maxiumums.
The yearly max numbers (not average numbers, but what might happen by random chance in a maximum event) were astounding. They showed some of the larger pipes would be moving 1 acre-foot of water per second. I didn't quite know what that meant, but after some rough calculations, Marsha said that since the pipe was 10 meters in diameter, the water would be going 45 miles an hour.
How, exactly, do you have a pipe 10 meters in diameter, and the water in it is moving at 45 miles an hour? That kind of flow rate was a bit boggling to the mind. That was a lot of water.
There were diagrams of lakes with a 30 meter depth in most of it, but a large semi-walled section that was only 2 meters deep. Some of the areas were labeled, "Wetlands". That sounded an awful lot like mosquito territory, and I wasn't too anxious to see that part, presuming it was built.
For all we knew, all of these fancy places were just dreams, or, at most, open volumes of rock with nothing in them. We had no idea if any of it was true. We only had symbolic diagrams for a lot of it. But, some of the factory drawings showed the names of German and Swiss manufacturers, so we weren't sure what they were.
Freedom of Skin
Roundabouts the beginning of the second month someone decided that nudity was irrelevant, and soon a fair number of folks just started walking around that way. It was generally cool, but very consistent, and people adjusted to the temperature like room temperature just happened to be 55f.
I liked more clothes on than that, but walking to and from the bathrooms? No one cared.
Initially, I had worried. I thought if I wasn't careful, someone would think something bad about me. After a while, though, we all realized it just didn't matter that much.
Further, even in the lunchroom, people (including me, though that was more rare) could be naked and eating, or grabbing some food on the way to/from somewhere.
And, since no one had swimsuits, the pools were all definitely naked-spaces, and it just Did Not Matter.
We all slept naked, at least to hear tell of it, most of us did, so that didn't matter either.
Births and Deaths
The first births at Zester were stillbirths / miscarriages, which is pretty normal though it was not much discussed very much in American culture as far as I knew, but then again I wasn't really old enough to have friends that could happen to.
The first live birth at Zester (in Area A) was Anna-Nicole Jessup, 4 pounds 2 oz, a Very Tiny baby, born at 29 weeks, which is 8 weeks premature and it was a risky thing. We had very primitive NICU equipment, mechanical ventilators and incubators, but she managed to survive and thrive.
Not all births were this lucky.
Not having epidurals, one of the plans the doctors put in place was hypnosis, for all who could do so, and (for a limited set of people) it helped quite a lot.
In those next few months, we had many die in childbirth. It was a risk. We did what we could, but there was only so much help to give.
Still, the overall population rose steadily, and then it got time for Jo.
Yay!
I don't think there's anything in the world that matches watching the birth of your child. NOTHING. AT. ALL. COMPARES. ... EPIC!
Yes, it messy and risky and painful and complicated and worrying and all those things. Then, trying to get the kid to suck-suck? When the mama doesn't know how to make it happen? That's a thing. Yes, as if anyone needs to be told, YES, there is skill in getting a baby to suck your nipple, just ask any mother. Sometimes the magic works, and sometimes it doesn't.
I loved each child.
I loved each of my wives - and, yes, we decided to officially marry, even though that point was moot - and rejoiced in them and with them and over them, as they did with me.
Each child we added, added joy to our lives. Each cry and kvetch and giggle and hug, it all 'Added to the Tapestry', as the UU minister says.
We had so much work to do in those first several years, until our animal husbandry caught up with our capability, and our farming skills rose to create patterns of success.
It wasn't easy by ANY margin, especially with young ones running about, falling over and off of things, wanting to be read-to, held, told stories of The Life Before TLB (shorthand adopted pretty universally).
We had libraries and schoolhouses and kindergartens with toys and swing sets, we had ball fields with balls and games of all kinds. We had beer, too, eventually, a one-year anniversary gift in a container in a 'special stuff' room that opened then.
The beer was kind of not-great, but we decided we might be able to help that along with some selective breeding of the yeasts and methods.
Gap Years Pass
To talk about the intervening four years after we arrived would require too much forbearance of you, my reader. My life is interesting to me, but probably not to most of you reading this.
Summarizing, personally, our families grew at a rapid pace, since more mouths to feed was a small price to pay for more crops harvested and better managed animal pens.
The living space expanded, as new levels, whole sets of hab galleries opened up in four new lower levels, and though they had kitchens and ag equipment, they had no animals, so that had to be handled in a controlled way.
Since one of our neighbors moved away, we took advantage of the space and moved half the family to the neighboring hab.
Several women had decided they weren't happy where they were - it happened - and due to my fame, they were interested in me. After we talked it over, I didn't feel I could outright refuse, and we let them move. Soon there was no difference between old and new, and I shared their beds, and gave them more children yet.
Each of my 17 beautiful wives (yes, being famous did lend some to switch husbands) bore as many children as they wanted, which is to say about one a year. Our household (by year 4) was up to 43 children (!!), each as happy as the last, and each finding a group of mothers happy some of the time to play and other times to cuddle and read to them.
So, the next section of my history carries a somber note, but this context of it is that of one family in a huge neighborhood of mostly-happy and mostly-healthy kids. Everyone had to work, no matter how young, and the play time happened while the rabbits got chased or the goats got milked.
About 9:30 am on a Thursday, 4 years, 3 months, and 20 days since we arrived at Zester, a klaxon sounded through the public address system.
This was a pretty big deal - it NEVER did that. We'd had precisely zero sounds out of the automated PA except tri-tones for the time of day.
This, instead, sounded like one of those battle klaxons on a battleship. It rang out for about 30 seconds, super loudly, waking every baby in the place, every sleeping kid or mom, everyone, and putting some serious PANIC in our minds.
Just about the time it turned off, our ears popped - the air pressure changed.
Something was wrong - Deeply, Deeply Wrong.
I was reading to Melissa, Amber's precocious 3 year old, and watching 3 more toddlers run amuck in the inner yard. Everyone boiled out of the house doors and we looked at each other, a cold chill running through us.
It's the kind of fear that doesn't just stay there, it drops deep into you. I didn't think of myself, honestly - it was all about the kids... could we save them? What was going to happen?
A LOT of kids immediately picked up on the panic level and cried, so I scooped up one and knelt to have everyone hug me while we waited.
The PA voice, a pre-recorded one, said, "ATTENTION PLEASE. YOUR ATTENTION PLEASE."
Well, no shit, lady, we're at attention, got us there.
"Stand by for a message from National Command Authority."
The voice that came on was computer generated, reading text in the kind of almost monotone that comes from speech synthesizer reciting text.
"FROM: W R Adams, Secretary of the Army, United States of America.
TO: Project ECHO installations
For Immediate release.
Teams. A week ago, a large group of people suddenly died in Europe without apparent cause. Autopsies revealed myocardial infarction, heart attack, caused by infection with a unique pathogen. As of this morning, we have determined this is a man-made, purposefully-designed gram-positive bacterial agent, spread person-to-person, with an incubation period (given circumstantial evidence) of 5 to 8 weeks. No known cure exists. No test exists. The bacteria is highly infectious but causes no outward symptoms. The only clue is sudden death after incubation.
No airborne transmission route has been determined.
All project Echo locations have been triggered to seal airtight and watertight. This seal will be effective and safe for 7 to 10 years from today's date. An auto-unsealing process will re-evaluate conditions based on macroeconomic and macroscopic changes like unique commercial AM and FM radio broadcasts and certain chemicals being present in the atmosphere.
As of today, the safest place to be on the entire Earth is where you are right now.
Knowing what I know now, we recommend sheltering in place for at least 20 years following this event. However, these are early days. We will advise with further information as it becomes available.
No danger to Project Echo locations is known, and considerable safeguards protect against this exact risk factor. Thus, we wish you luck, and we ask for your prayers for the fate of the world outside you. Peace be with you all."
The recorded voice came on again and said, "Message has ended. That is all. This message will be repeated tomorrow at the same time of day."
We just stood there in silence.
Outside our idyllic city, in the 'real world', people were dying. Innocent people, dying, for no good reason.
Huh.
Anniversary Party
I'm writing this as an old man. I know I'm old. The doctors tell me I have a lung tumor and there's no real medicine for it. Radon has not been my friend. Or, maybe, it's just TOO close a friend for me. Doesn't matter. I don't have a lot of time left.
So, I've assembled this document (based on a memoir I did a long time ago) and I hope it meets the historical need.
Areas 4 through 12 opened when I turned 40, each with 64 levels (though it's definitely warmer if not hotter on the lower levels). It's a good thing, too, since space was getting a little tighter, but now, well, there's no lack of space. We were once seriously concerned there would be enough space and food growing capacity.
I have too many grandchildren to count. Four of them have a version of Etta, but it's not a good thing for them, they're in each stuck in reveries or autistic dysfunction. We still love them. Perhaps someday one of my descendants will turn up with the same high-function as I have, but frankly I just hope it goes away.
It's Seriously Painful as a parent or grandparent to watch a kid struggling with autism. You want to help, but really, there's only limited stuff you can do.
As best we can figure, we're over one-third done with our life sentence in Zester Prison / Refugee-camp. Our great-great, great-great grandchildren will learn what it's like to run again under the sun in open air, or to wade into an ocean with waves crashing on you, or stare up at stars and wonder at the sheer vastness of the universe.
I had the chance to do these things in my youth. Since I remember everything, Yes, I remember that, I can re-experience those sights and sounds if I want to.
But, that direction lies in the past, and we're pointed at the future. Setting up factories for various things - shoes or glass bottles, or repair parts for broken ag frames - this had occupied our time. They are worthy as a set of goals, of course.
That said, there is no higher calling than making Love. Not 'making love' as sex'; I'm talking about creating love and caring and friendships with the people around us. I've forged families out of happenstance and luck and love and joy and anger and forbearance and forgiveness and caring and compassion and... did I say love already?
I was thrust into an arranged marriage in a foreign land, a marriage that had its own set of 7 bonds just for the first 7 women I married. Later when that turned into seventeen wives, the additional ten became Exactly as dear to me as the others. I cannot compare. It's not fair. More than that, though, it's not possible.
So, my wives and kids and grands and great-grands and onward, as you read this, know I'm just a guy, a normal guy, who happened to be walking down the right hallway at the right time to get recruited by a nightmare team. That nightmare turned into a blessing and now we are all blessed.
A definition: To be blessed is to be RIPE, to be found by God to have achieved a status of being Ready to Do and Be and Become.
We are all Blessed by God as People, at whatever age. We are blessed to be able to help our group, our family, our tribe, our city... and our greater humanity as we may or may not be the last humans. We don't know. We can't know. You whippersnappers, you'll find out.
May God Bless you and Keep You, and Make His Face to Shine Upon You, All The Days of Your Life.
-- Kevin Jenson Kooper