I stood there on the deck, the binoculars to my eyes, slowly scanning along the beach. It had become a daily ritual that I could not explain.
I had rented the beach house for the summer. It sat on a corner of a quiet, secluded beach; simply a place for me to regroup. I saw the binoculars on the shelf by the sliding glass door that led to the deck on the morning of my arrival.
I had unpacked my belongings and was carrying a few things to the deck when they caught my eye again. I set the box outside the door and picked them up. I had never held a pair of binoculars before, I only knew what I had seen on television and in the movies. I held them to my eyes, pointing them to the lighthouse at the end of the beach. I saw only a blurry outline.
"Broken," I thought. I turned to replace them on the shelf when I noticed the knurled lever between the lens tubes. I tentatively pushed it one way, then the other. A focusing lever.
I turned back towards the lighthouse bringing the lenses to my eyes again. Again the blurry outline appeared. But as I pushed the lever to the left it slowly came into focus. Standing on the deck, I spent nearly half an hour looking through them, watching gulls diving at the water, the wind blowing the rushes on the dunes, and ships on the horizon.
I returned the glasses to the shelf and set up the stand for my laptop near one of the deck chairs. I returned a few minutes later with the small computer, set it up and began to write.
It was late morning three days later that I saw her. A movement in my periphery caught my attention. It was the first person I had seen since I had arrived. Standing, I raised the binoculars to my eyes again. I watched as she danced on tiptoes quickly down the dune and scampered across the cool wet sand to the water's edge. Not hardened and muscular, but slender, with soft curves and just a hint of jiggle. Short blonde hair bounced in the breeze with every step. A sheen of sunlight reflected off the light film of sweat and played across her tanned skin. But it was the tattoo that intrigued me. An intricate vine with flowers that grew from her ankle up her leg, past her hip, around her back and into the hem of her small bikini top. The triangles of thin black fabric covered small round breasts that fit well with her slim waist and the full globes of her nearly bare buttocks.
She was carrying a kapok raft and a thin stack of papers. Tossing the raft on the water, she arranged herself on it and pushed out from the beach, the stack of papers on her belly as she backstroked away from shore. At about a hundred yards out she shook the water off her right hand, picked up the sheaf of papers and began to read. Her left hand continued to slowly stroke the water, turning her in lazy circles on the surface, stopping only to change pages.
I was aroused to say the least and even more so when I saw her nipples poking up under her wet bikini. I stood frozen, watching, mesmerized by the sight of her.
The phone rang. I hesitated. It rang again. Reluctantly I put down the glasses and turned to the phone, answered it and was drawn away.
My client, asking a dozen questions about formats and fonts, yadda, yadda. But once started, he couldn't seem to stop. When I hung up I picked up the binocs and did a quick scan with my eyes. Not on the water. I turned just in time to see her crest the dune from which she came and disappear over it. I'm sure the disappointment was obvious on my face.
Writing technical handbooks is boring, even more so than reading them. While I have been known to pound out pages non-stop for hours, I'm easily distracted from it. In the next three hours I managed to finish only a single paragraph. Thoughts of her beautiful form floating calmly on the water pervaded my consciousness to no end. I studied the images in my mind, noting the curves, the way she moved, her serene smile as she read.
I was lost. Unable to focus I shut down the laptop and put it away. I showered, dressed and went out for an early dinner.
Sitting alone, my thoughts again wandered to the beautiful woman on the beach. I had two choices, forget her, or meet her. Being a guy that really only left one choice.
Later I kicked off my shoes and went for a walk on the beach. Sitting atop a dune, I watched the sun sink into the sea. Listening to the sounds of the night I lingered for a while longer before calling it a night.
Early the next morning, I was back at work, pounding out pages. The beautiful blonde from the previous day had the courtesy to stay out of my thoughts for that long anyway. I finished another section by lunch and sat eating a sandwich when she appeared again.
I quickly traded the sandwich for the binocs as once again she danced quickly down the dune. She was halfway to the water when she stopped on the sand, hung her head for a moment, then turned and once again disappeared over the dune.
I was beginning to lose my mind. I had seen her only once before and yet here I was disappointed that I didn't have the opportunity to secretly stare at her from a distance. Was I just lonely or desperate for company? No, it had to be more than that. I would have noticed her in a crowd, I'm sure. And she looked like someone I would want to know even if the beach were full. Was it love? Hell, I don't even know her name and had never spoken to her. Love? Lust is more likely but it's a good start. I shook my head, chuckling to myself. I must be losing it.
I worked longer on the manual, chasing the woman from my head on a constant basis, but making decent progress. I scanned the beach occasionally hoping she would return. She did not. I had dinner in and again walked on the beach before watching the sunset.
In the morning I woke with an erection. A pleasant surprise as that had not happened in years. Perhaps the blonde beauty was invading my dreams as well. Or perhaps it was my sub-conscious trying to tell me that I have been taking work too seriously and it was time to come out of my shell.
I showered, dressed in old jeans and a loose pullover, fixed a pot of coffee and a light breakfast. Looking at the laptop, I somehow couldn't bring myself to turn it on. Instead, I took the steps down to the beach and had an early stroll. The light fog and slight chill in the air was refreshing. I returned to my work an hour later with a clear head and pounded out another section before noon.
I went inside for another cup of coffee and on returning I saw her again. She was already at the water's edge, wearing that black bikini that hid little. I grabbed the glasses again. I watched as she bent to place the raft on the water, pulled it out from the beach until she was in a little over a foot of water then, carefully, placed one foot on the end of the raft, sat and pulled her other leg on. Lying down she again placed a thin sheaf of papers on her belly and stoked out a good distance from shore.
I stood in quiet awe, unable to look away. I was mesmerized by the graceful motion of the muscles in her arms and shoulders; drawn deeper into the hypnosis seeing her nipples perk up as the cool water found them.
I was too deep in the scene to even notice my own erection until I found myself absently pressing it against the deck railing. Looking down I noticed there was already a small wet spot on the front of my jeans. My heart was pounding, my breath slow and deep. What the hell was happening to me? I didn't matter. It felt good, so it couldn't be all bad.
My gaze returned to the water. She was drifting closer to shore though she was no longer turning the lazy circles. Her left hand lightly rubbed up and down her belly. I could see by the rise and fall of her chest noting that her breathing was deep and slow as well. She quickly changed pages, her left hand falling back to her belly just below her breasts. But it didn't slide downwards again. Instead it slowly crept to her right breast, cupping it briefly, lightly rubbing it. Her fingers played over the erect nipple rolling it back and forth then pinching it firmly. Her lips parted as she took in a deep breath.
I couldn't help but notice that I did as well. I also found my left hand somewhere unexpected, rubbing my stiff cock through the front of my jeans. There was a nagging voice in my head that said I shouldn't be watching her. There was another voice telling the first to shut up.
Her hand slid slowly across her chest and slipped just under the cloth that covered her left breast. I could see it circling, the nipple standing tall and proud, jutting between her fingers. She gasped visibly, her head rolling back momentarily before returning her eyes to the thin wet papers in her hand. Her left hand fell slowly across her tummy again, reaching toward the valley between her legs.
She was close to shore now and my attention was suddenly drawn away. She was not alone. Another woman was standing at the water's edge, watching her as intently as I. A tall brunette, her hair was pulled back casually behind her ears showing a very pretty face. She was darkly tanned and voluptuous. Her breasts were full, round, firm and threatening to overflow the cups of her own bikini top. A well-rounded butt topped long shapely legs that were spread slightly, her toes wiggling in the wet sand.
The raft had bumped against the sand near the beach, the sensual beauty on it seemingly unaware. Her hand rubbed at her pussy through her bikini bottom then slithered inside it. Her back arched slightly at first, then more so as her fingers rubbed at the aroused flesh under them. Her head began to slowly roll from side to side. She tucked the papers under her ass, soaking them. She pulled her feet back a little spreading her thighs, allowing better access to her pussy. A tremor rippled through her as her hand worked faster inside her bikini.
The brunette moved closer, pulling her sunglasses down her nose and watching over the top of them. My hand grew noticeably warm from the friction against the rough denim. Throwing caution to the light breeze, I shucked them. Reaching into my shorts, I stroked my cock, answering its call for attention. A few drops of my own juice wetted the head allowing it to slide easily in my hand.
The blonde writhed on her raft now, her hips bucking as her orgasm encompassed her. A few more quick thrusts of her hand, a little shudder and she slumped back. The brunette's shadow slid over her face. She slowly rolled her head back searching for the source. I could see them talking, the blonde raising her hand and offering it to the other woman.
Even at this distance I could see her blush. I almost spilled my load right then.
The two women talked and laughed for a moment, the brunette taking a seat on the sand, the blonde rolling onto her belly closer to the woman. Seeing the globes of her curved ass lit by the sun spurred me on. The blonde reached beneath her, retrieving the wet rumpled pages she had been reading and offered them up. The brunette carefully peeled them apart, rearranged them and began to read.
The blonde kicked playfully at the water while watching her friends face. I noticed that she was studying more than just her face. I also noticed that I was not alone in my admiration of the luscious butt in the black bikini. After a few minutes the brunette put down the papers and more words were exchanged. Then the unexpected happened. The brunette leaned down and kissed the blonde full on the lips. This was not the peck a friend would give another. There was passion there. The blonde rolled to her side returning the kiss with equal vigor.
My heart sank. It was just my luck that I would fall for a woman who was already in love, and with another woman at that. And yet, I still could not take my eyes off of them. Nor could I seem to stop stroking my erection.
The brunette leaned closer as the blonde's slender fingers combed her hair back. She lifted her leg just enough to straddle the blondes left thigh. My jaw dropped as the blonde began to rock her hips again rubbing her pussy against the dark woman's thigh. The brunette reached into the black bikini top teasing at the nipple that quickly stood at her touch. She moved the cloth aside laying bare the breast once hidden there. The erect pink nipple, damp from the wet suit rolled under the playful fingers like a puppy starved for attention. It was another minute before I realized I had stopped breathing. I consciously took a breath.
The blonde reached her fingers inside the other woman's bikini, and yanked it down, exposing smoothly shaved skin. Her fingers explored tentatively at first then more aggressively. The dark haired woman countered in like fashion. The blonde rolled pushing her companion down on the wet sand, kissing at her neck and breasts. An almost audible gasp escaped the darker woman in response to the slick tongue across her skin. My legs began to shake in response to it all.
The blonde slid lower, licking and kissing down past the brunette's belly button pausing only long enough to play teasingly at the ring she found there. And then her face disappeared between the woman's thighs. The brunette's mouth was agape, her eyes, hidden by the dark glasses, were no doubt closed tightly. Her head rolled on a blanket of dark hair as the blonde played tongue and fingers inside her. I could just make out the motion of the blonde's free hand playing in her own sex her hips rose and fell. The brunette's undulations became erratic as she neared her climax. And I reached mine. My hips thrust forward uncontrollably as my own hot cum spurted over the railing to land on the sand below.
When my eyes refocused the women were lying together on the sand, kissing between softly spoken words. I suddenly felt embarrassed and ashamed. I went back inside, took a cool shower and dressed in fresh clothes. I poured myself a stiff drink and returned to the deck. The women were gone.
I spent several hours pacing back and forth, inside, outside, searching the beach from time to time. I wanted to sort out what I saw and what I felt, but my mind was a swirl of images and emotions. Unable to make heads or tails of it all, I gave up. I got in the car and took a drive. It was hours later when I pulled into the driveway again, with no idea where I'd been and no closer to sorting things out than when I left.
I stepped inside, looked around and decided I didn't want to be there. I walked quickly to the deck. Staring at the laptop for a long moment, I knew work was out of the question. Sleep was probably the best idea but I was too wound up to close my eyes and terrified of what I might see if I did. I kicked off my shoes and socks, walked down to the beach and stood at the waters edge, staring out at the water. After some time I turned and started walking toward the lighthouse. I was halfway there when a voice behind me called out.
"Repeat! NO!"
I could hear the sound of four paws beating the sand, they were close behind me. I turned just in time to see a large white blur, in mid leap, coming directly at my face. The force of the dog's impact knocked me to the ground. I threw my arms up instinctively to protect my face, but it took only a moment to realize I was in no danger other than being suffocated by a large wet tongue. My eyes were closed against the slobbery onslaught, but my ears could not help hearing the voice above me.
"Oh, my god, I am so sorry." She said quickly, trying to pull the dog off me. "She's never done that before. She's a good protector but she has never run off after someone like that. Are you alright?"
I chuckled, getting back to my feet and brushing myself off. "I'm fine. She didn't bite me, just a lot of slobber I..." Looking up I saw who I was speaking to. The blonde.
"She licked you? No bites? Are you sure?"
"Ummm... yeah... pretty sure." I stammered still brushing sand and dog slobber from my face. I laughed, "No harm done." I reached a hand out to the dog, she jumped startling me for a second but I kept my hand still. The dog licked at my hand as I scratched under her chin.
"Well, I don't know what to say. I... I'm glad you're alright. I'm just surprised. The way she took off I would have sworn she meant to kill you. She's never done that before but she has always been protective and growls at strange people. I'm Rita." She offered her hand, I took it.
Firmly but lightly I shook once and let go quickly.
"Are you sure you're ok?"
"Yes. Fine. I... I'm Greg. I'm staying in the beach house down there." I pointed, she didn't even glance back.
"I know." She smiled and I relaxed a little. "I saw you move in. Of course, I was alerted by the nice old lady that lives across the street." Her smile crept a little closer to her ears. My tension eased considerably.
"Did she?" A hint of sarcasm attached itself to the question. But I could feel the warmth of my blush.
She also blushed, "She's a little nosey, but harmless. I live in the..."
"I know." I interrupted, "The nice old lady mentioned you too."
The blush turned to red embarrassment for a moment before fading back to the blush, "She didn't! Why that woman..."
"No. She didn't." I laughed. "But I didn't want you to feel left out."
Her face turned a darker red again and her hand covered her mouth, her index finger under her nose as she laughed quietly.
"Sorry, I couldn't resist. Actually I saw you on the beach."
"Fair is fair and I suppose I deserved it." She stopped dead for a second a shocked expression crossed her face. "You saw me on the beach? When?"
Now her face was blood red. But I had spilled the beans and it was too late to save them. "I saw you day before yesterday on your float reading out on the water... And then again this afternoon."
"You... What did you see? Did you..."
"See you with your... friend? Yes. I did."
There was a long pause as she studied my face. "And?"
Another long pause as I studied her. I decided good, bad or ugly, it was best to come clean. "And... you are both incredibly beautiful women. I'm sorry, I couldn't stop. I found a pair of binoculars on the shelf by the door when I moved in. I was just looking at the landscape when you went out the other day. When I saw you I couldn't take my eyes off you. I watched you paddle out and read for a while but then my client called with a hundred questions and when I came back you were gone. But I couldn't seem to get you out of my head. I had planned to come down and introduce myself at the next opportunity. I saw you again today but you were already paddling out, so I waited hoping to catch you when you came back in."
Her gaze was no less intense and I knew I was about to be slapped.
"You watched the whole time?"
"Yes. But I admit as much as it aroused me, I felt embarrassed and ashamed of myself at the same time. I honestly don't know what came over me. In fact I've spent the rest of the day trying to sort it out up until now."
"And have you?"
"No. Not really. Not at all, actually." My head dropped, "Look, I... I know you probably think I'm a complete degenerate pervert and probably psycho to boot. I'll just go now and I promise you I won't bother you anymore."
I stepped past her and started down the beach towards home. I began to think maybe it was best if I just canceled the lease, packed and found another beach far away to finish the project. I had walked less than fifty yards when, again I heard the pounding of multiple feet on the sand.
"Wait!" she called out.
I stopped, unsure if I should turn around or just keep walking.
"Stop! Please!"
I turned. She and her dog were running towards me. She stopped again directly in front of me.
"Repeat, sit! Stay." The dog sat. It's tongue lolling out of its mouth. "Don't go. Please. Look, it's partly my fault... Mostly...my fault you were watching. I should have had a little more discretion..."
"And if I had not been spying... So, what changed your mind?"
"Who said I changed it?"
"You did. Between the look you were giving me back there and 'Wait!'"
She blushed again and I knew everything would work out. "Repeat."
"Repeat?"
"The dog."
"The dogs name is Repeat? Wait... Little Rascals... she kinda looks like Petey. Re-Pete?"
"You are good." She smiled again. "A rerun of Little Rascals Petey."
"Ah ayum a toorained prahfessionole." I puffed my chest melodramatically, adding to the sarcasm and the bad fake accent.
She doubled over laughing. When she recovered, she studied me closely again for a moment. "You aren't a degenerate pervert or a psycho. Just a guy who saw a woman he liked on the beach. Repeat doesn't take to strangers. Not like she did you. Even some of my friends she still doesn't trust. But she ran to you like you were an old friend. If she trusts you, I think I could at least try. And you were honest about it. I like that."
"Well, I've always said I'd rather hurt someone with the truth than hurt them worse with a lie. Besides you had me cornered. What was I gonna say? As far as Repete... I've always been good with animals. I grew up on a farm. I have a dozen stray cats around my place that just wandered in made themselves at home. If I go outside they all want attention. Hell even the dogs that chase my horses come when I call 'em."
"Dogs and babies..." She nodded, smiled and looked up at me.
"Dogs and babies?"
"Something my grandmother always told me. Hey, look, let's just go back and forget the whole thing. Start all over?"
"Something tells me I'm never going to wash those images out of my head. But I promise you I will never bring them up again. Fair?"
She blushed again and then teased, "You sound as if you were horrified."
"No, not at all. Well, a part of me was, but it's not what you think. Hell I don't know what I think. That's what I was trying to figure out when I came down here and was accosted by your dog."
"Look at us. Both of us are being silly. What's done is done. What I did and what you saw. I don't want to forget what I did and you shouldn't have to forget what you saw. Why not talk about it and get it out in the open? Then we can get on with life."
"Well, if you're ok with that, I'm ok with that. Are you sure you want to hear it?"
"We're both adults and it will be hard to avoid each other sharing a beach. I'd rather not be embarrassed every time I see you. But you still have sand all over you and dog slobber too. You can wash up at my place."
"Well, my place is only a hundred feet farther and I have clean clothes there."
She dropped her head, giggling, her hand went to her mouth again, "Sorry, blonde moment."
"Stop it. You are smarter than you give yourself credit for. Don't give me that blonde stuff. It was an easy slip, you know your place and I'm not a familiar, you didn't make that connection is all. Now, come on let's go."
We strolled slowly back toward our homes, every now and then throwing a stick for the dog to chase.
"You said a part of you was horrified what did you mean? The sight of two women..."
"No. It wasn't that. It's just... I..." I grimaced, 'Out with it, bub.' I thought. I turned to look her in the eyes, "When I first saw you I was... stunned. You are an incredibly beautiful woman."
"Go on." She said, stepping sideways and throwing a shoulder into me.
"OOOfff! And strong, too." I chuckled and feinted, throwing a shoulder back at her, she dodged quickly. "I was intrigued, I wanted to meet you. But... Like I said when I got off the phone you were gone. But then you were sorta stuck in my head. It was hard to concentrate on anything. So I decided the next time I saw you I would walk down and introduce myself. I didn't see you again until this morning. Well actually I saw you yesterday but as soon as you got to the beach you turned and went back."
She continued her slow walk, looking at her feet. She looked up at me finally, "And this morning?"
"I was working on the laptop out on the deck. I saw you again. You were already at the water. I watched you paddle out and start reading, I was about to go back to work when I saw your hand on your breast. I don't know... What can I say? I'm a man. I watched. I was incredibly turned on. The wind or current or both brought you back to shore. That's when I saw the other woman."
"And you kept watching."
"At that point I had no choice. As I said, I'm a man."
"And?"
It was my turn to stare at my feet, "I... My heart... I felt like someone just shoved an icicle in my chest. The actual thought that went through my head was, 'Just my luck I fall for someone and she's in love with another woman.'"
She stopped. I turned and stepped closer, she put her hand on my cheek. She had a sad sympathetic look in her eyes. "You think I'm a lesbian."
I nodded, unable to meet her eyes again.
"I suppose from what you knew that would be the only conclusion you could draw."
My eyes finally met hers, "Are you saying you're not? I mean don't get me wrong, I don't make judgments on peoples choice of lifestyle. It's really none of my..."
"Stop. First of all, I'm not a lesbian..."
"But what about..."
"Hush, already." She smiled again, shaking her head, "I'm bi, not lesbian. Not wholeheartedly anyway. I love beautiful people, men or women... You're still disappointed."
"No. I don't know. I've never been in this situation before. Yes I was disappointed when I saw you with her because I was falling for you and it... I guess I just thought... I don't know. Talking to you now my original conclusion was correct. You are someone I want to know."
"Tell me something. You said when you were watching us... it made you... You were aroused?"
"Very."
"What were you doing? I mean while you were watching."
I studied her closely. Her expression told me the question was honest and sincere. I replied in kind, "Same thing you were doing on your raft."
"Rubbing your pussy?" She looked serious for a second but couldn't hold it. Her laugh bubbled out, taunting me.
"Well, I'm betting if I had one, I would have been." I nudged her with my elbow, causing her to stumble just a little. "But you see boys and girls are different."
Her smug grin made me laugh; she elbowed me.
I feigned injury for a moment then laughed at her. "So, your friend, how long have you known her?"
She hesitated, a serious look returning to her face. "Not long. To be honest she had been watching me too. I guess I take the 'Private Beach' signs a little too seriously. She had been walking on the beach and saw me, I guess, like you she was intrigued. She waited for me on the beach and when I came in she asked me what I was reading."
"And that was?"
"A smutty story off the internet."
"You too, eh?"
"You're kidding!"
"Nope. Even wrote a few. They were terrible."
"If you are pulling my leg I will kill you." She pushed me again, forcing me several steps sideways.
"Well, that's not very neighborly. But I'm safe. Haven't lied to you yet."
Again she eyed me with a serious look, "No you haven't" She stared for at me for a moment, "I never met her until this morning. I was so worked up from the story and my... play time... She was just so beautiful and sexy. And I could tell she felt the same way about me. I just... I had to have her. Right there. Right then." She looked away, "Now you think I'm some kind of dyke slut."
I watched her for a moment. I could see going through her many of the same feelings I had felt earlier. "No more than you think I'm a complete degenerate pervert and psycho to boot. Fact is I see now that you and I don't think that much differently. It makes me wonder, though..."
I hesitated, not knowing if I should finish the thought. I picked up another piece of driftwood and threw it down the beach, the dog bounding after it.
"Wonder what?" her voice was soft and imploring.
"It's probably not something I should say." I retrieved the driftwood from the dog and threw it again.
A gust of wind blew her sandy blonde hair across her cheek, she shook it back and combed it over her ear with her fingers. She was still for a moment before taking my arm and turning me towards her. "You never regret the things you say, only the things you didn't." Her eyes burned into me, pleading. "Wonder what?"
The dog was returning with the driftwood again, she dropped at my feet. I retrieved it, rubbed behind her ears and threw it as far as I could. I stepped close to Vella, looking deeply into her eyes. "I wonder... What would have happened if I had been the one standing on the beach instead of her."
She stood staring at me for what seemed like hours. Her eyes became glassy and she smiled softly before she put one hand on my cheek then the other. Gently pulling me to her lips, she kissed me. I put my arms around her, pulling her close and returning the kiss. She pulled back just enough to whisper, "We might still be there."
The dog sat panting at our feet, driftwood already on the sand, She looked up at us curiously. Vella pulled away and knelt by the dog, rubbing its sides briskly. "And YOU! You devious mutt, you planned this didn't you?" She picked up the driftwood and threw it out into the water. The dog bounded and splashed after it.
She put her arms around me again, pulling me tight to her. I encircled her with my own, gently rubbing her back. Her head on my shoulder, the scent of her hair and perfume and sea salt in my nose made me want to stand there the rest of the day.
The dog returned again, waiting until it was right next to us to shake the water from it's fur. I turned my back to it, pulling Vella with me to shield her from the shower.
"Repete! You are sooo bad." She laughed. "Now you smell like wet dog, too. C'mon." she started to jog the short remaining distance to her beach house. I followed, chasing her, chasing the dog and teasing both of them.
We reached the path to her place and stopped, catching our breath, the dog still ready to play.
"Repete! Home. Now. Go." The dog bounded off over the dune. She turned back to me, "I wanted to say I'm sorry for the way I reacted back there."
"You're sorry for kissing me?"
"No," she smiled again turning her hips back and forth in that cute little dance that only women do. "For overreacting when you told me you saw..."
"No need for apologies. You didn't overreact. I'm sure it was a shock for you and I'm sorry for that."
"Well, in your own words, 'No need for apologies.' You were being completely open and honest. And I appreciate that. It's a rare quality."
"Would you consider having dinner with me tomorrow?" I blurted it out, and waited for the consequences. She smiled, winding a lock of hair around her finger, then raising her head her eyes met mine again.
"That depends. Did you want me to bring my friend?"
"I wanted you to bring you. But your friend is welcome, if you want to bring her." It was then that the thought hit me in the head like a hammer. "Or if you already made plans with her we can do it some other time."
"No. I had no plans with her." Her wry smile gave her away. I just hoped I had passed the test. "And I don't want to bring her. Seven-ish?"
"That would be great. I'll look forward to it." I started to turn away but her hand on my arm stopped me. I turned back to her as she pulled me closer. There was need in her eyes, I gave. I gently pressed my lips to hers, feeling their soft warmth, feeling them open in invitation. Her tongue reached mine gliding slowly across each other for a moment. She pulled away, running up the dune. Looking back from its crest she called out "Seven!"
***
I rose early the next morning. I can't explain why, I just did. I showered, shaved and pulled on some ragged jeans and a loose pullover. I spent an hour on the beach walking, with nothing in particular on my mind, just enjoying a good feeling all through me.
I fixed a quick breakfast and went to the deck with the laptop. I pounded out 20 pages in a matter of a few hours and was surprised to learn that I whistle. At noon I caught a glimpse of Rita, on her raft and reading again. As soon as my view through the binoculars centered on her she looked up and waved. Woman's intuition? More like the black magic that all women possess.
I returned her wave and went back to work. Finishing another section, I returned to the edge of the deck. Rita was not in sight. But the dark haired woman from the day before was staring back at me from the beach. She waved. Woman's intuition again? No, it had to be black magic, I was sure of it.
I worked until 4:00 then put everything away and went out for groceries. Returning, I showered and dressed in loose slacks and an old linen shirt. I began dinner preparations still whistling. At 7:05 there was a knock on the back door.
I opened the door finding Rita wearing a white gauze skirt and a white blouse simply tied at the waist. I was momentarily speechless. She was holding something behind her back. "I didn't know what you were fixing, though Mrs. Simmons said she saw you with lobster. So I brought something that goes with everything." She pulled up a six pack of Pete's Wicked Ruby Lager.
"Good ole Mrs. Simmons." I laughed. "I'll have to get her recommendation on a new set of binoculars."
"She'd be a good one to ask." She grinned.
I took the beer and she followed me to the kitchen. I pulled the fridge open and put the six pack next to an identical six pack as she watched. She looked around quickly. "Well the place hasn't changed much." She stopped noticing the confusion on my face, "I knew the couple who lived here before."
"Ah, shoulda known. Hungry?"
"Starved."
"Well, have a seat. Let's eat." I dished out plates and poured the gourmet beer for both of us.
Seeing her appreciative smile, I knew I hadn't gone wrong on dinner choices. We ate, chatting about our jobs, the area, families and all the usual inane conversations people have on first dates. We continued talking through an extra glass of beer while I cleared the table. Looking outside I saw the sun was getting close to the horizon. I reached into the fridge and retrieved two bottles of Pete's, took her hand and led her outside.
"I like watching the sunset. Somehow it tells me that everything is right with the world." I led her down the steps and took a seat in the sand near the top of the dune. I held out a bottle for her she took it and sat between my legs, leaning back against me. She let her head roll back to rest on my chest and sighed lightly. "You watch the sunset every night?"
I wrapped my arms around her, "Every night since I've been here, yes. It's funny though, I spent the better part of three years at sea with unobstructed sunset every night and sunrise every morning, but I never appreciated them until I came here."
She turned her head to look at me and put her hand to my cheek, then turned back to watch the fiery orange globe slip beneath the distant waves. "Beautiful." was her only word.
As the last streaks of red retreated behind the horizon she spoke again, her voice soft and relaxed, "I saw you, today, watching me with your binoculars. But you didn't watch long."
"Just doing my part to keep it a private beach. I didn't want to make you nervous by watching when you knew I was there. I looked again a little later but you were gone."
"You should have watched." She looked up at me, winking. "I had a show for you."
"I'm sorry I missed it." I winked back. "Your friend was there later, though. She waved at me."
"We had a little talk." She wiggled against me a little, getting more comfortable.
I could see the grin creep across the corner of her lips. "What did you talk about?" My question was unintentionally pointed.
Even in the dim light I could see the color in her cheeks darken. "Just girl stuff." She took my hand, raised it to her cheek and kissed it, then held it to her chest.
We sat there for a while as the chilly breeze blew in off the ocean. I leaned my head against hers feeling her soft hair against my cheek. I felt her shiver."
"Cold?"
"Just a chill. The breeze is cooler than usual tonight."
"We can go back in."
"No. I want to stay...Here...With you."
A bonfire suddenly erupted in my chest. I peeled off my shirt, wrapping it around her. As I pulled the arms of it across her chest my hand cupped her breast. I pulled back quickly. Her left hand caught mine and held it on her breast. I brushed lightly over it with my fingers, her nipple practically leapt into my palm. I teased it, rolling it under my fingers through her blouse. She sighed softly, tilting her head and kissing at me neck and jaw, I turned and met her lips with mine. Our tongues played over each other tasting and exploring.
She turned, rolling onto her right hip and pulling her leg back, she put her right arm around me. Slipping her hand around my back and slid it up my spine, dragging her nails lightly downwards. My hand eased inside her blouse teasing at her nipple more directly. Her other hand grazed over my chest before caressing my skin as her hisses became more aggressive. Her hand worked up and down my chest and stomach, her hot breath on my neck burning me with every sighing exhale.
My free hand slid under the waistband of her skirt, slowly slipping down to find the top of her panties. I didn't find any. Instead my fingers glided over silky soft hairs and warm skin, her lips already swollen and wet. I grazed it with the tip of my finger, tracing the lines of her labia. Her deep gasps filled my ears, her hand found a way into my pants. I was fully erect when her hand encircled my cock. She rubbed it lightly up and down then squeezed. Pins and needles assaulted me, making me groan loudly. I rubbed deeper into her breast and rolled her nipple under my finger.
She took my right ear in her teeth, pulling it. I bit into her left shoulder just hard enough to make her cry out. Her head fell back as I rubbed her swollen clit, pressing it under my finger and circling it. Her pace quickened on my shaft and her hips began to rock against my hand. I untied the knot in her blouse, letting it fall open as my hand massaged one breast then the other. Her nails dug furrows in by back as they dragged across it. She fell on my chest, covering it with hot, wet kisses.
Pulling her skirt up, she straddled my legs, her tongue teasing me as it probed my navel. She undid the button on my slacks, deftly pulling the corner of the waistband back, forcing the zipper open and giving her free access to my cock. She tugged on the waistband and I lifted my hips and she slid my pants halfway down my thighs. I started to get up to remove them, she pushed back down harshly
"That's far enough, big boy. You can't run with your pants down like that."
"Well," I said, biting her nipple again, "It's hard to run away with you sitting on me. And I have no plans of going anywhere."
Her legs pressed against me as she slid forward, her hard nipples dragging up my chest until we were again face to face. Pulling her hips up, she rubbed her wet slit up and down my belly, teasing me, "Do you know what you want?"
Fighting for control of my senses I could only whisper, "Yes."
"Tell me, handsome. What do you want?"
"I want you." I groaned. The feel of her slick lips gliding over my navel was driving me insane.
I pulled the tag end of the bow-tied string securing her skirt, and continued as the light cloth unwound itself from her hips. She took it and draped it over my face, dragging it down slowly. As the hem pulled clear of my eyes, I could see her smile. The flames in my chest raged higher.
She slid back, guiding me into her, gasping as she took me in slowly. I moaned loudly, feeling her heat engulf me. Her hands grabbed at my sides, digging in with her fingernails. She ground into me, pulling at my cock, causing me to shudder. She leaned down as if trying to reach my lips. I tried to sit up, complying with her silent demand. She pushed me back down. I reached for her breasts. She grabbed my wrists and held them as her hips began to move more swiftly. I could do nothing but watch as her lithe body used mine.
She leaned back, releasing my hands and putting hers behind her on my legs. I dragged my fingers down her belly, my thumb finding her engorged clit and rubbing it in a gentle circular motion. She screamed in her pleasure, throwing her head back and crushing her hips against my hand. I sat up, pulling her to me and sucking her nipple into my mouth again, holding it in my teeth as her body pounded furiously against me.
I felt her legs squeeze tighter at my sides, her muscles tightening as she neared climax. My own abdominals burned, as my body tensed for my own release. I held it, listening to hear pleasured voice alternately soft and quiet then loud and coarse. I felt her tremors saw in her face that it was beginning. She threw her arms around my neck, biting at my earlobe again, her hips undulating wildly against me. I held her tight as her body shook violently, her hoarse cries echoing in the darkness. I felt her warm juices trickle down over my skin. I could hold out no longer, my own hips thrust upward as I began to cum into her. Everything seemed to become nothing as I flew to the crest of my own orgasm and fall gently back to consciousness.
She stilled, holding me tightly to her. I kissed her neck, then along her chin and to her waiting lips. Her kiss was ravenous as she fell on me, pushing me back down on the sand. Holding me inside her until my cock slid out of her with a soft slurp.
"Just hold me here." She whispered, "For tonight, just hold me."
"I am here with you babe and I don't ever want to let you go."