As I eat my breakfast I decided to ask my mom, very timidly, about the phone call, "Does this mean were going to have some stranger living with us? Does this mean I won't be able to be naked any more? I thought you liked -- all this?"
"Oh no, this is only the beginning my dear big boy. I've been waiting and planning a long time for all this. I intended to make you my very own toy. It took me along time to get rid of your father and too make sure that he couldn't afford a messy public divorce."
"You got rid of Dad?"
"Oh yes. He was so full of himself, thinking himself the master of his kingdom. He was much better off with those little bimbos he could dominate that I forced him to seek out. The first lesson you will learn my dearest David, is that there can only be one master in the bedroom and that is me. You silly father wanted to be the one to dominate this house like some king, but I kept him in check. Eventually he saw that he was only going to get any from one of those sex-retaries he could hire for that purpose."
"You're saying you wanted Dad gone?" I can't take this all in. I'm a bit overwhelmed with the recent exhausting sex and all.
"Yes, you Dad had the right equipment for job, which I was so happy you inherited, but he was just a poor performer. I could, and did, do a better job pleasing myself all those years than he ever was able to. I just bided my time till the money was in place and I was guaranteed to get what I wanted when I finally shoved him out. And I was waiting for you to ripen like some succulent fruit to be picked. You my dearest boy are ripe. You always were a slave to your hormones and cock, all those stained panties, bed spreads and tissues attested to that."
"You knew I jacked?" I suspected she did.
"Of course, and I tired to encourage it as best as I could, make sure to time my comings and goings to give you time to indulge yourself. Now the time is ripe. You like our little arrangement, don't you?"
"Oh yes."
"You don't want it to end, do you?"
"Hell no."
"Well it won't, you are going to be taught to be a good little boy toy. The young woman you heard me talking to may end up being one of two new house guests. All specially selected, all happy and needing to be dominated."
"Really? This is a good thing, right? I don't quite get the dominating thing."
"Oh you will, actually your next lesson is about to begin. Stand up I have a present for you."
She hands me a large box wrapped in white paper with little red hearts on it and a red boy. I open it up. Inside is a box that contains a big jar of Vaseline and a smaller white box labeled 'Colt Anal Trainer Kit.' What is all this?"
"A new toy for you to wear around the house, I'm starting you off small. I will work your way up to bigger more juicer ones eventually. Open it up and take it out."
I do so and it's this black firm and pliable plastic shaft sitting on a wider base. It starts off smaller at the base, gets a bit wider and forms a tip. It reminds me in a simple way of a penis. It is about 4 inches tall.
"What is this for?"
"You'll see, first open the Vaseline, and then smear a lot of it all over the shaft of the black plug. Get it good and greased up.
"Okay."
"Good boy. Now bend over, spread your legs, and put you arms on the kitchen table for support."
I do so and then I feel her spread my ass check's apart and rub with her Vaseline coated finger my ass crack and ass hole. She slips her finger in my ass and I kind of jump. Weird, it feels weird. She glides it in and out and I get to like the rhythm and feel. Then she stops. Rats. But wait, where did my new toy go? Before I can realize what's going on, I feel something being pushed slowly into my ass hole.
"Ohhhh," I groan.
"You'll get use to this and will come to like it, or not, this black toy will be your most intimate companion from now on."
"Ohhh, that thing is in me?"
"Yes. It is your first butt plug. Every young man should be fitted for one of these."
"I'm going to keep that in my ass all the time?" It started off feeling weird, but now that it is in me, it feels so filling and snug. It's like pressing against the base of my dick somehow and like charging it up. I think it feels kinda good.
"You can take it out when you have to go to the bath room, but otherwise, yes. You need to keep it clean and I'll need to give you enemas to keep your insides clean. As I said, I think you'll come to like. Hopefully you will; since I will require you from now on to be sporting a butt plug most of the time. The fun is just getting started my dearest. Those nice little college room mates will be a happy addition to my well disciplined house hold."
I flex my ass muscles around the plastic in there getting a good feel for the fit.
"You can go clean up now, clean our dishes, and clean up the mess you made on the window. Then call that nice strong young black boy of yours, what's his name?"
"Joseph, you want me to what, come over here? Now? With me all naked like this?"
"Well you can't move your stuff out of your bedroom and into your father's study without some help. We need to get things ready to show off for our potential new house mates."