It was a beautiful summer day. There was a slight over cast, a soft breeze and the temp was a gentle 75 degrees. It was the perfect day to be outside. So Sheila put on her shorts and tank top, packed up a picnic lunch and blanket, and prepared to head up into the Rockies. She thought she would take a nice hike on one of her favorite trails, or maybe explore a new one. Then, find a secluded spot to do some nude or topless, depending on how busy the trails looked, sun bathing. The thought of giving herself a nice orgasm before lunch crossed her mind as well, but that would depend on how secluded a spot she could find. Still better to be safe than sorry she thought and tucked her 10" toy into her pack. A smile flashed across her face as she remembered the last time she used it. She came so hard. That made her that much more eager to use it later.
Sheila packed everything up into her Blazer and headed up to Elk Meadow Hiking Trail. When she pulled into the parking area she noticed there were a lot of cars especially for a Friday. So she decided to head back to Idaho Springs and find a 4-wheel drive trail. Sheila 4-wheeled for a little ways, until she came to a trail head of a trail she had not hiked before. Grabbing her water and backpack, she locked the car and started up the trail. It was a gorgeous trail, with a stream that ran down beside it and lots of fragrant flowers. The sun shined through the trees providing just enough shade to keep her cool.
After hiking for about five miles, Sheila found a little secluded clearing just off of the trail about 50 yards. It was perfect, close enough to the trail not to get lost, but far enough away not to be seen by any hikers passing by. Not that she really cared if anyone saw. She was a bit of an exhibitionist at heart. She would never want a family with children to see her though. She wasn't too concerned since she hadn't seen a single soul since she started her hike.
Sheila spread out her blanket and enjoyed the warm feeling of the sun on her back as she straightened the edges. One quick glance around and she slipped out of her top and shorts. She had gone commando today and was now standing there in only her socks and shoes. There was something revitalizing about being in nature wearing only your birthday suit. She sprayed herself with sunscreen and lay on her back, closing her eyes to enjoy the sun's warmth.
About a half an hour passed and Sheila decided it was time to flip over. As she rolled over she slid her hand along her inner thigh and smiled at how sensitive to her touch it was. She lay on her stomach for about another half hour to make sure she was even, then could resist no longer. She found her hands between her legs as if they had a mind of their own. Her legs spread wide, hips grinding against her palms, back slightly arched as her fingers stroked her wet lips and clit. She started to moan and her fingers plunged deeper with in her wetness.
She was enjoying herself so much, that she didn't hear the twigs snap when the gentleman hiker walked up behind her and stood there watching. Her eyes were still closed, so she did not see when he pulled his cock out and started stroking its already hard shaft, while enjoying her show. Then, suddenly she felt his eyes on her. That excited her even more. He saw her glance over at him with a smile and aim her ass at him, fingering herself and grinding even harder.
He took the subtle invitation, kneeling down beside her. She felt his hand slide up her thigh and she spread her legs even wider for him to join her in finger play. Her body was tingling at his touch and she squirmed harder when she felt 3 of his fingers enter her. He probed deeply. His touch was firm and gentle. She felt him slide between her legs, his shorts pulled down past his knees. He kept her face down and the mystery excited her even more. Then he slid her hand from between her legs and wrapped it around his hard cock. What a pleasant surprise. He was even larger than her toy. Sheila had to have it. She was to excited to wait any longer and began to plunge him deep into her. She heard him chuckle as he grabbed her hips and took charge again.
He slowly entered her deep and slid back out again, grasping her hips firmly and causing her to gasp with pleasure. Sheila's breaths became short and quick as he began to pump her harder and faster, making sure he was in all the way to his balls each time. As she started to grind on him, he slowed his pace to show her he was in charge. He laughed a little as Sheila whimpered and he drove his cock deep inside of her. She couldn't hold it in any more, as she moaned and said, "Yes. Please, yes. Deeper. Harder. All of it." He loved hearing her beg. Then, he sped up his rhythm to give her what she begged for. He wasn't through teasing her yet and slowed back down. Sheila shouted, "No! Don't stop! Fuck me harder! I have to have it all." The stranger smiled and decided it was time to make her cum.
He pounded her wet throbbing pussy with every inch of his manhood. She loved the feel of his balls slapping her clit with each thrust. She couldn't take it any more. She had to cum and with that thought she began to gyrate and spasm all over his hard cock. He held it deep inside of her and fingered both her clit and ass as she came. That made her cum again. His balls and fingers were dripping with her cum. He placed his fingers in her mouth and made her taste her juices as he began pumping her again. She was so sensitive now. She came again as he shot his hot creamy load all over her ass. He collapsed on top of her for a few minutes and she drifted off to sleep.
When she awoke the silent stranger was gone. Was it real? Had it all been a dream? Then she saw it. He had left, but not before writing, "The best I've ever had. Thanks," in the dirt next to her blanket. This had just become her favorite hiking trail.