It was Saturday and we wanted to go out, so my husband and I went to this dance club called Bikini Beach Club. One of our favorite places to party actually. Very fun, lots of ass for any horny person to choose from. I was wearing my favorite skirt, short and sheer. It's white so I was wearing my black thong under it. My top was also very short. So short that the bottom of my breast hung out ever so slightly. I wanted to be comfortable cause I was gonna be doing a lot of flirting and dancing. We arrived at around 9 o'clock. After waiting in line to get in the door - we went straight to the bar and got a few drinks just for starters. We always get 2 or 3 drinks to start off on, because it's so hard to get drinks with all the people that end up being there. As we drank our drinks - I was watching the people on the dance floor, pointing out the sexy girls, and trying to find even one good looking guy that didn't have a female hanging on his arm... After a while of this (3 drinks to be exact) we got our last drink to go and worked our way to the dance floor. We danced and talked with a few of the couples and some of the guys were gawking at me as I danced on the platform, looking up my skirt and grabbing my ass and before we knew it - we were sweating and almost tipsy. I had to use the rest room pretty bad, so Chris escorted me along the wall to the ladies room. While I was walking - I caught the eye of a simply hot stud. I threw a smile his way and squeezed my husband's hand to let him know I was eyein' a hottie. Chris had asked me who and I told him the guys shirt color and pointed discreetly to where he was standing. We made it to the rest rooms and we both had to relieve our selves. So we went our separate ways and said we would meet back up in 5.
On the way out of the bathroom, I found myself looking for Mr. Hottie almost immediately. I leaned up against the wall while I waited on Chris to return. A few minutes went by and he still had not come out. I was starting to get antsy and I walked to the corridor back to the dance floor, and directly across from me stood Chris and that guy. I was almost embarrassed to even go near them, but I did. I walked up and put my arm around Chris and with an intrigued look on my face - I asked him who his friend was. He introduced us and I could feel myself get aroused as he shook my hand. Chris invited Justin to hang out with us and have a few drinks...I caught him "checking" me out half a dozen times...and apparently Chris did too. He asked Justin if he wanted to dance with me...I was excited because I thought he would never ask. Chris stayed at the bar while Justin led me by the hand to the dance floor. On the way out - I was looking at his ass and could just imagine in my head grabbing it as I laid on my back and he pounded into me with - only what I could hope was a huge cock. We got to dancing and I would briefly send a satisfied stare in Chris's direction giving him the sign that this is who I wanted to take home. He was talking to a girl who he had bought a drink for and he smiled back at me telling me it was cool with him... So now starts the fun :)
As we danced more and more - I was getting hotter and hotter. I was trying to turn him on as best I could in the most subtle ways but he didn't seem to respond...probably because he was shy about me being married. So I started to grind on him and he asked me - pretty much as soon as my ass hit him - about my husband, he said he didn't want to get in a fight over dancing and even though he wouldn't mind getting with me - he doesn't want to get kicked out of the club. Well I assured him it was cool, and I pointed out Chris dancing with the girl from the bar across the dance floor. He got this mischievous smile about him, and I continued to explain our situation. After a few minutes of explaining and defending - he finally came around. He put his hands on my stomach from behind and I could feel him breathing down my neck - which was not helping me control my self - I might add.
Well we danced and drank and danced and drank some more - and during one of our bathroom breaks we met up with Chris and Landon...As he walked up to me - he had a huge smile on his face and then he whispered in my ear that I looked so hot dancing on Justin. He asked if I was horny yet - I just smiled and grabbed his hand and slid it under my skirt and asked him "What do you think?" For the sake of this story - I will tell you that I was very VERY wet, and his finger almost slid right into my pussy. He looked at Justin as he pulled his finger out from under my skirt and smiled at him as he sucked me off of him. We exchanged one more smile and walked off - back to the dance floor.
Justin looked at me and asked why Chris looked at him the way he did with that smile - and I told him "'Cause he hopes you know how to handle me." He had a shy smile on his face as he smoothly said that he thinks he can handle it. We started dancing again and this time I got a little more aggressive with Justin, rubbing my ass on him, taking his hands up around my tits and letting him run his fingers inside the rim of my skirt for starters. My nipples were standing at attention and I was getting attention from every guy around me, and even a few girls. I took Justin by the hand as I led him to the platform. I wanted to get up on top and dance above every one...especially Justin. I got wetter, just thinking about him looking right up my skirt. Wishing he was inside me. I know that what he would be thinking by the time I was done. I climbed up and there was one other girl on the box so we started grinding on each other, she was very hot also. Justin tried to look like he wasn't very into it, but I could see him adjusting himself every couple of minutes.
After about 10 minutes of me dancing - I figured I should get another drink and rest a little. So we found a table off in the back of the club near the restrooms. He offered to get my drink while I sat down. I told him what I wanted and off he went. About 5 or so minutes later he came back with our drinks and he sat down next to me in the other chair. He just kept looking at my legs and smiling. So I lifted one up and spread my legs so now he was sitting right in front of me. He just got all red... It was funny. So I took him by the back of the head to bring his ear close to my mouth and I whispered in his ear that I wanted to suck his dick right there. He didn't know what to say. I took his right hand and guided it up my skirt till his fingers where on the outside of my now drenched silky thong. I asked him if he wanted me as bad as I wanted him, and he just shook his head yea.
So we finished our drinks and went outside to get some "fresh air". He led me to his truck and opened the door for me. I climbed up inside and as I did he grabbed my ass to help me up. His grip was very strong and I couldn't wait to feel him gripping me in other places. He walked around the truck and climbed in on his side. Before he could get settled I was already over on his side of the truck. I took my hand and lightly ran it down his chest to his zipper and before I could even get started - I could feel his hardness pressing through. As I unzipped his pants, his dick just popped out and I was surprised at his size. I'd give him a solid 9 inches and about 4 inches around. I was super wet by now. As I grabbed his dick and slightly started to suck it, he took the liberty to reach over and start finding his way through my panties with his fingers. As soon as his fingers found my pussy, I was quivering. I leaned forward hinting to him to put them inside and he did.
At first he just used one, but as I got more and more excited, he slid in another and another. If the angle wasn't all off from the way I was sucking his dick - I would have been able to get him to stick in the fourth one. I was so wet; he probably could have stuck in all five. I kept going down on him, changing my speeds and stroking him deeper and more aggressively. He asked me if I swallow and I just looked up at him while keeping him in my mouth and gave him a look as if to say - "Sure". His other hand was all over my chest and he kept reaching around grabbing my ass. I sat up and placed my leg across his thigh and he reached back over grabbed my thong and pulled it off. Then he leaned down and returned the favor. His tongue felt so good on my clit and as he licked my pussy on top - he fingered me deep with his three fingers. I think I came twice just from that.
He sat up and pulled his fingers out of me and I grabbed his arm and pulled his hand to my mouth and I licked my cum off his fingers one by one. By now he really wanted me. I could tell from how his dick kept throbbing - so he picked me up and lifted me up on to his lap. His dick was huge for a white guy. I wanted him inside me so bad. I reached down and got the tip of his dick wet with the juices from my slit. As I was doing this he was trying to thrust himself in me. I had my hand wrapped around his dick, keeping all but the head out of me. I was having a hard time doing this cause I was really yearning to feel him. After a few minutes of kissing and him trying to make me move my hand, I did. As I moved my hand, his hard cock slid effortlessly into my pussy and I let out a moan as I felt his tip hit me in my deepest spot. I started to grind on him. Letting out a moan every couple of strokes and I could feel him playing with my ass cheeks and my tits all over my body - his hands weren't ever in one spot for too long.
I took his hand and licked one of his fingers. Got it nice and wet and told him to stick it in my ass. So he did. As I'm bouncing up and down on his huge cock, he was fingering my ass. I told him to tell me when he was about to cum, I wanted to taste it, He said okay, but he was nowhere near done with me yet. I asked him if he thought we could do it doggy style and he said no problem. After a couple more thrusts, I got up and turned around. That's when I noticed there where about 5 or 6 people watching us through the windows of the truck, I just smiled and kept going. As I knelt down on the passenger side seat - I could feel him pulling me closer to him, after a few minutes of adjusting ourselves to be comfortable - I got one of the best fuckings I have ever gotten.
He slid in to me and I could feel his hands gripping my hips and that's when I knew he was gonna get a lil rough. I could feel his grip get stronger and stronger with each thrust and sure enough, he was fucking me so hard - his balls were bouncing off my clit at like 5 times a second. His thrusts were over whelming and I had very little control over staying in one spot, before I knew it my face was being pushed up against the glass of the side window. My cum was dripping down my legs and he had no signs of slowing down. I told him a million times not to stop, by now though - I wasn't moaning but practically screaming in XTC. There was a foggy spot on the window that just kept growing from my breathing so hard. I tried to use the arm rest on eh door to rest my head was on, but the power of his thrusts kept sliding me up the glass. There was even one point when my bare tits were pressed against the glass. The people could tell I loved it while trying to get everything out of his thrusts I could.
He was playing with my tits and my ass and then - *SMACK* - He slapped my right ass cheek, then my left. I totally came again. He reached forward and grabbed a handful of my hair and just kept going and going. My pussy was starting to get sore (in a good way though) and if I didn't know any better I would have thought he ruptured my spleen or something. By now he is slowing down but you could still feel the intenseness of his cock. I asked him if he was close to cumming yet and he asked me "are you ready for me to cum?" I said no and I wouldn't mind him hitting it while I layed on my back, so he grabbed me and gave me one last huge thrust, that made me scream in "almost pain" and then turned me on my back - Damn seat belts...lol
I was now on my back and I had my hands on his ass, and he slid in me once again. It started all over again, this time though, I could feel what seemed to be all his weight slamming his long - wide dick deep in me while his pelvic bone slammed on to my clit. I know there was going to be a nice wet spot on the seat by the time we were totally done here. My pussy was getting tore up by a strange cock and I loved it. I kept kissing him and grabbing his tight little ass - urging him to thrust into me over and over and over again - as hard as he could. We couldn't even talk very well, we were breathing just way to hard. Finally after a little more of him fucking me, he finally jumped up and started jerking on his cock. As I knew what time it I was - I sat up and received all his cum in my mouth and on my tits. He tasted good. I loved the way he moaned as his cum dripped on to my chest and ran down in to my shirt. I could feel his hotness slips past a nipple and that when I knew I was "dirty" and I would definitely need a shower. I was all sweaty and totally satisfied.
We sat in the truck for a few minutes more and then started to gather our composure. After covering up and getting ready to get out of the truck, he looked me in the eyes and told me I was very sexy and he would give his left nut to be able to fuck me every night and that my husband was a lucky man. We opened the door and stepped out and as my feet hit the ground - Everyone who was watching just started to clap. It was probably the hottest thing I had ever done in public. We went inside and danced a little more until we ran into Chris.
What a night - I will never forget my "Truck Fuck" for as long as I live.