Before I start, just a few words.
This is my first erotic story, so please excuse me for any grammatical errors (English is not my native language).
So I welcome any criticism, or advice, to the text so that I can correct myself in the future for any new story.
This is just a little fantasy of mine that I had for quite some time and I never tried to write it down, so it's the time.
Hope you will enjoy it.
------------- ------------- ---
I imagine myself in a large bright room. Sitting in a heavy leather chair. In front of me a white curtain. Suddenly a nice girl enters the room. I've known this girl and we've known each other for years, since school. Well, this girl is the one I've always dreamed of fucking intensely, unfortunately she has always enjoyed just teasing me, sometimes with photos and rarely just telling me about her sexual adventures about her, so ruthless. Oh how many times I have come like an animal thinking of her naked body.
Let's call her K.
So, K. starts talking and walks around me, slowly, in a painfully sensual way. She teases me for endless minutes. At that point my erection is destroying my pants. With a smiling face She tells me to take off all my clothes and get comfortable for the show ... In a few seconds I am completely naked, in front of that beautiful girl with my perfectly erect penis, hard as marble and already dripping with precum, my excitement is over the roof.
I'm dying.
K. begins to walk slowly towards the white curtain and with a last smile and a wink she disappears telling me: "Enjoy the show, let's see how long you last".
One click. A light comes on showing me the beautiful dark shape of her skinny body. She begins to slowly undress and throw her clothes over the curtain in my direction. In the meantime, I am teasing my rock hard member, swollen and purple as I try to resist the strong urge to cum. Luckily I love having long edging sessions so I can handle the situation. The point is, the show has yet to begin.
After about half an hour of her sensually dancing with lots of dirty talk as I slowly masturbate and try to imagine what her naked body is like behind that damn curtain, suddenly someone walks into the room, behind me.
A boy, an old friend of mine. He is her current boyfriend. Let's call him A.
He walks in front of me, I notice that he is holding ropes in his hands. He says to me, "I see you're enjoying the show ... So, you don't mind if I tie you to the chair? You know, just to make sure you have your full attention for the second part of the show." I agree.
After tying his hands and feet to the chair, he goes behind the curtain. I see their silhouettes approaching and starting to kiss passionately as he begins to undress and from there my torture begins ...
For over an hour I enjoy the spectacle of their silhouettes fucking passionately a few steps away from me, behind that thick and white curtain, hiding to me all their fun. The sounds of their sex. His grunts. Her moans. Sometimes they both talk dirty and describe their actions just to tease me ruthlessly. The sound of their sweaty bodies when they meet. The tantalizing image of her head, with her hairs tied in a pony tail, going back and forth on his cock. Or his hands and his tongue taking care of her wet pussy. What a fantastic scene, what a tension and what beautiful sounds.
All this, for more than an hour, with me there, tied up with my big cock ready to explode, sore, at the limit, unable to do anything.
At some point, after quite some time fucking with a lot of good positions, she decides to go back to focusing on her boyfriend's cock. The silhouettes show me their naked bodies facing each other. A. is standing, with his member perfectly erect and clearly dripping precum and her vaginal fluid. She kneeled in front of him, with her gorgeous slim naked body.
At that point K. tells me: "I can only imagine how much you are enjoying this particular show. How much you are suffering from the urge to explode. How much you want to feel my little, light and velvety hand on your hard cock, all while teasing slowly your most sensitive spots for endless minutes. Am I right? I know that you love this, isn't you? Oh well, so sad that you will just have to watch me doing this to your friend, incapacitated to touch your pulsing cock, so powerless."
So she starts a nice edging session, all for him. I can see she taking care of his cock, slowly caressing his shaft only with her hands. From time to time she use the tip of her tongue just to teasing his frenulum.
I can tell just from his nice and quiet guttural grunts that he must feel himself in paradise. This take quite some time before the final act.
After all this, when he is nearing the climax, I see her silhouette stand up, spread her arms and tell me: "Get ready now to listen carefully to the grand finale." Suddenly he turns off the light. In front of me only a wall of white fabric, too thick to see through. Their silhouettes completely disappeared. My heart is in my throat. So I can only yell a "NO!" that was quite a bad denial. So I decide to beg them to show me what happens behind, I want to see so bad.
In seconds, just from the sound, I hear him beating his pussy harder, faster and faster.
Again i really beg to let me see her naked bodies, her pussy destroyed... No response, again.
His orgasm comes closer, blow by blow. From their loud voice sounds I can tell that he is close to explode. And suddenly, obviously near to the orgasm, she just yell: "Oh my I'm so close to erupt like a geyser!"
And so she orgasmed in a cathartic moist sound, like a little fountain, by the sound all against the curtain. Their loud orgasms fill the whole room and my mind.
My cock explodes in a slow but huge cumshot eruption.
Under the curtain, a clear stain of liquid begins to approach my feet, her orgasm continue as he keep to make her squirt non-stop, this time with his hands, I think. What I would not give to see further.
So sadly the show is over and all that's left is the sound of our three breathless bodies...