25 minutes had passed, and there was no sign of Chrissy and Roxy. Chris was getting bored standing there by himself. He heard laughter outside. It was growing louder. A boy and a girl, both of who looked to be in Second year, walked in hand in hand.
"I wanna go for pizza." the girl was saying.
"We'll go, love. As soon as I visit the mens room ok?"
"Fine." the girl said and walked with the boy right into the boys hostel. The boy didn't question her, and they proceeded cheerfully. At that very moment, Chrissy and Roxy exited the Girls hostel.
"Finally! I was dead bored." Chris said.
"We were just getting your friend settled. And it's very gentlemanly to wait on a lady. And we insist on having gentlemen here." Roxy said to him in a sweet, but deadly tone that left him cold. He gave Chrissy a questioning glance, and she responded with a coy smile,
"Come now", Roxy continued, "Let's get a look at the boys facility, shall we?"
"I'll wait here then." Christina said.
"Nonsense Christina. You are perfectly welcome to explore the hostel with us. I'm a girl and I'm going in, aren't I? Come, accompany us. No need to be shy."
Chrissy smiled gleefully and joined Chris while Roxy led the way. The corridor was quite long, and took a turn at a door. Chris wondered where the door led.
"This is the men's washroom. Come, I'll show you around." Roxy went right in.
Chris and Chrissy were taken aback. A bit of hesitation later, they entered with caution. All in all, it was a nice washroom. A line of urinals adorned one wall. There was no partition between the urinals and any boy would be fully exposed. Behind the urinals were a series of stalls. The wall adjoining the "door" had sinks and mirrors attached.
Chris suddenly noticed that the washroom wasn't empty. There were 3 people in it, other than Roxy, Chrissy and himself. The boy and girl who he'd seen enter the hostel stood at one urinal. She was watching him pee, with unabashed glances at his cock. Three urinals away, another boy was doing his business. The girl had an uninterrupted view of both penises, and she stole more than a glance of both of them.
Roxy suddenly walked up to the second boy and started speaking to him.
"Lance, Professor Dickie asked me to remind you to submit your assignment tomorrow. He's threatened you with a spanking and you know he always carries out his threats.
"Yeah Rox. I'll get it done."
Roxy smiled and gave him a quick slap on his ass. "Don't forget to shake twice and wash your hands."
Through all of this, Chris and Christina stood watching . Chrissy was shocked that she had just walked into a men's room where two men were actually pissing. And two girls were talking to them while they did it. It was surreal. She looked at Chris, who was breaking into a sweat.
"Let's move on guys. Lots more to see, and time is short. You wanna pee, Chris?" Roxy asked.
Chris had, at that moment, resolved never ever to use the washroom here.
"Why are girls allowed in here??"
"Why not? It's just peeing. Everybody does it. And we all know boys do it standing up. There's really no need to be shy about that."
"But you don't allow us to watch girls pee."
"Are you crazy? Girls require privacy and modesty. Even girls don't see each other pee. On the other hand, every guy can see each others penis in here. So why shouldn't girls? It's not exactly a huge mystery."
In some twisted way, this made sense. Yet, Chris couldn't help but feel that this was only a minor thing in a much bigger picture...
**********************************************
Out of the washroom, the threesome came to some stairs at the end of the corridor.
"Oh, isn't there an elevator here?" Christina spoke up. She was still getting rid of the image of the completely open urinals in the hostel, but she was surprised at this difference. The girls hostel had a spacious elevator connecting all 5 floors, besides a flight of stairs.
Roxy merely shook her head in response. Chrissy immediately understood that the luxury of an elevator was deemed unnecessary for the boys.
"All first years are housed in the first floor, Chris. The second years on the second and so on. The fifth floor is kind of a common hall where parties and such are held around the year. Come. Let's go upstairs."
A pair of boys came bounding down the stairs. They seemed to be in a hurry. In such a hurry that they were wearing nothing but a pair of boxers.
"Hi Rox. Just going for a swim. Wanna join us?"
"Sorry boys. I'm stuck with playing host today. The freshers start arriving today. In fact, these two are a couple of them. Meet Chris and Christina. Guys, these are Brad and Doug. They are from my class. You'll be seeing them around quite a bit. Third years usually mentor the freshers."
Chris was still wondering why the pair of them were in their underwear. Chissy was admiring the beautiful physique of the half naked boys in front of them. It was clear that they were wearing nothing under the boxers, and she could see a slight bulge where their penises rested. They seemed very comfortable standing bare chested in front of their classmate and a new first year, right where they should have had maximum privacy from female eyes.
"Your cross to bear." the boys smiled, while walking away.
Chris asked, "Is the pool in the building?"
"No, of course not. We have only one pool for the boys and girls. It's three buildings away." came the reply from Roxy.
"Then why are they going there in underwear?"
"Oh, it's just convenient for the boys. Less clothes to store. Less clothes to remove." Roxy gave Chrissy a quink wink, which was reciprocated with a smile.
Roxy had told Chrissy how the boys all swam naked at CFNM. No man in the swimming complex was allowed to wear a shred of clothing, including footwear. So all the girls saw all the boys and most faculty members naked at one point or the other. In fact, CFNM had a very strict dress code for all sports, and all people playing the sport of present in the complex were expected to follow the code. Roxy had assured Chrissy that girls were modestly dressed in any given sport, so she had no need to worry.
Chrissy was more worried about how she would react when she saw naked guys. For all her popularity, she had seen only one guy naked, and that was when she had sex. Hit was enough to rouse her interest in the male anatomy, but she had not wanted to have sex with any other guy.
On the first floor, there was only a long corridor with rooms on both sides. There was a common water dispenser at the end of the corridor. A perpendicular passage led to an open door. In fact, door would be an exaggeration. It was a pair of wooden flaps that led inside whatever the room housed.
Chris suddenly noticed that all the rooms were open.
"Has no one arrived yet?"
"Guess only 3 more boys are left to arrive. Yours is the second last room." Roxy replied, checking a chart.
Roxy led the way, with the friends following her, observing the rooms on their way. Chris noticed that each room had two beds, two desks and two cupboards. Other than that, the rooms were bare.
Inside the first room on the right, a pair of boys were getting unpacked. Chrissy saw a boy changing out of his shirt in another room. A third room revealed a boy who was clearly unzipping his trousers.
Seeing the two girls, he stopped midway, blushed deeply and turned his back. Oxy noticed and gave a quick laugh.
"Why doesn't he just close his door?" Chris asked in disgust.
"Oh, I'm sure they would love to!" Roxy replied. Chris saw a naughy smile of Chrissy's face...
******************************************
"WHAT THE HELL?"
Roxy and Chrissy waited for the boy to calm down. His roommate hadn't arrived yet, and he had just discovered that there was no door to his room. This had left him horrified. He was even more horrified when he realised that women seemed to have free access to the entire hostel.
"Why isn't there a door here?"
Roxy was used to this. "Why would you require a door?"
"Well, to change of course. And to mas..." chris caught his tongue, but it was too late.
"Exactly. Changing can be done with an open door. It's a boys dorm. Everyone here has the same anatomy, and you have nothing to hide. Yes, girls do come here time and again. And yes, they might see you with your pants down. But really, you'll have nothing they haven't seen before. I remember when I was a fresher. I had come up here to study with a friend, and ended up seeing half the boys with their dicks out. A night to remember!"
Roxy looked at Chris. The expression of horror was familiar. She had seen it countless times before, and she still enjoyed it. The feeling of being exposed to the girls, and being able to do nothing about it...the knowledge that he had no privacy from the girls, but the girls got privacy in everything...it was a rush. It was power. The double standards at work, subtle and brazen, gave girls an upper hand over the boys, and created gender dynamics like nowhere else.
She continued, "As to masturbation, while CFNM does not forbid it, it is frowned upon. Due to this, you will have no doors. If you must masturbate, you might as well do it in front of the world, right?"
"I assume the girls have doors."
"Care to tell him, Christina?" Roxy pointed to Chrissy.
Chrissy could barely look her friend in the eye. "Well...we have private rooms. One girl per room. One bed, a cupboard, Desk and an attached bath. With doors and locks."
"You see," Roxy spoke, "we value a girls right to privacy over everything else. And no expense is spared to ensure that privacy. Every year, 50% of the college budget is allocated purely to girls and their needs."
"What about the boys?"
"5 %", came the reply. "Boys and men do not really have many needs. Privacy is a luxury you would do better without. Modesty is a virtue best reserved for women. Yes, you will be exposed to every girl on campus, peer, senior and junior, over the next four years. As every boy is. You will be seen naked by your family and even females that are not part of the college. And at the end of it, you will realise that you are a better man because of it."
Chris was contemplating running away at that very moment. Chrissy grabbed his hand, and tried to calm him. She didn't want him panicking too much. She herself felt nervous, but at the same time excited at the prospect of what lay ahead.
"You will soon learn that you must listen to all females, and you must defer to them. It's for your happiness as much as it is for theirs. Now, why don't you keep your bags here. I'll show you the bathroom for the floor."
They went back out of the room and entered the room with the wooden door flaps. The room was quite huge, and for good reason. It contained the entire shower and toilet section for the floor.
Right opposite the door was a gang shower. No partitions. No curtains. Just out in the open. A series of hooks were attached besides the door. On the right side was a series of urinals similar to the ones below. Again, zero privacy for anybody using the facilities.
A boy came from his room, and seeing the two girls there, quickly took a U-turn. Roxy saw this, and decided it was time to exert some authority.
"Archie, is it?"
The boy stopped in his tracks and slowly turned around.
"You wanted to use the urinals, I assume."
He nervously nodded.
"Why, then, did you turn back?"
"I think I'll go later." Archie mumbled.
Roxy was having none of it. "You better get used to people being here while peeing or taking a shower. As you can well see, there are no partitions of any sort. Whatever you will be doing, you will be doing in the open."
"I wasn't expecting girls."
"As I told you earlier, Archie, girls do have unrestricted access to this bloc. So you might expect a girl around occasionally. She can very well enter this room, and watch you take a piss and there would be nothing you would do about it. So I want you to march up to the toilet and do your business. The faster you get over this shyness, the better it is for all of us."
Archie looked torn between running to his room and locking up, and listening to this beauty. Perhaps remembering that he had no door to hide behind, he stumbled towards the farthest urinal. Roxy followed him.
"Good. Now here at CFNM, boys don't unzip to pee. They undress. So, I want you to unbutton your trousers and pull them down to your knees."
Chris saw Archie working mechanically. He did not seem to have control over his actions. Chris wasn't sure if it was fear or will driving the boys actions. Whatever it was, Archie was now standing at the urinal with his pants around his knees and Roxy in her miniskirt standing besides him. He was wearing a pair of tighty whiteys under the pants.
"Good boy. Now do the same with your underwear. Down to the knees."
With Chrissy watching with wide eyes, the boy revealed his ass to 3 people within 3 hours of moving to the college. Chris should have known this was merely an indication of things to come.
Roxy now had a full and uninterrupted view of Archie's cock. She wasn't done telling him how to do his business.
"Now hold your penis and aim it towards the urinal. Now let go. If one drop lands anywhere but where it's supposed to, I will spank you right here."
Perhaps due to the fear of getting his ass spanked, Archie peed with extraordinary aim.
"Excellent. No, don't pull those up just yet. You have to wipe your penis of any residual urine."
Archie gave Roxy a puzzled expression. There were no tissues anywhere in sight. Roxy pointed with her eyes, and Archie followed her gaze. His last hope was gone. The tissues were located right near the basin.
"How...?" began a question Archie did not want answered at all.
"Walk over. Usually, you'll be here naked or just in an underwear, so things will be easier. But as they may be, you will walk over there, get a tissue, and wipe the head of your co...penis with it. Only then will you pull your underwear and pants back up."
Slowly, Archie turned with his hands cupping his junk. Chrissy instinctively averted her eyes, but couldn't help but check him out. The time of his penis was unabashedly peeking out from in between his fingers. Looking at the floor, Archie walked towards the tissues. There, he made sure his back was turned to the public, and wiped his penis.
Roxy gave herself a slight smile. This was one of her favorite acts. The first year boys were exposed to a very different environment. Not that the second, third or fourth year boys liked the double standards all that much, but they had accepted that they would always be treated just inferior to the girls. The benefit of doubt would always be given to the girls, and her word would always supersede his. A fresher had a tough time accepting this reality, and the first year was a constant exercise in humiliation and ultimate acceptance.
"Dismissed." Roxy said to the boy who had now pulled his trousers up. "Chris, why don't you get unpacked. I'll show you guys around the rest of the facilities after you do that. Christina and I will wait for you in the cafeteria. It's just behind the building. Oh, and Archie...your fly is open."