"G'night Trent."
Trent looked up from behind the computer screen and at the parade of tired but energized yoga students from the last session of the evening as they made their way toward the exit. His clientele base was still small enough that he knew most by name, a fact that he intended to preserve as long as he could manage. He bade several good night, nodding politely and offering tidbits of encouragement to those who were prone to attending only occasionally.
When the last of the class had filed out of the studio and exited the building, Sasha, his gem of a part time instructor joined him in the lobby. He couldn't help but steal a glance at her -- a petite cutie in blue spandex shorts and sports bra. She walked with the smooth grace of a trained dancer and her smile could light up the Vegas strip. Short black hair, almost always just a little messy, complimented her caramel complexion that came by way of some mixed ethnicity he was never able to place. And for more than the hundredth time, Trent lamented the fact that she was scarcely half his forty years of age, barely a handful of years older than his own teenage daughters.
Casually, Sasha slid around to his side of the desk, hopped up on top, and sat cross legged. She seemed blissfully ignorant of the effect she could have on men, so innocent and incurably cheerful as she overstepped the boundaries of decorum.
"'Bout done with the books?" she said.
"Yup," Trent said, closing up his spreadsheet application and powering down the computer. "Class go well?"
"Yeah," Sasha said. "It's great to see so many people coming now."
"I think you've proven to be something of a hit," Trent said, somewhat wistfully. The class attendance and retention numbers, among both men and women, had steadily improved since he'd taken her on six months earlier. Business acumen acquired from years in the corporate world made him appreciate that from a financial perspective, she was a valuable asset, and yet he couldn't help but feel a little jealous at how naturally she took to teaching.
"Nah," she said, politely brushing aside the compliment. "I think your studio is just finally coming into its own."
"Well, either way, I'm glad to have you on board."
"Say, you have any plans for the weekend after this?" she said. Trent raised an eyebrow at that. While their working relationship was excellent, they rarely talked much about anything outside it. This sounded like a leading question that made him just slightly uncomfortable.
"Aside from teaching the usual couple classes, no," he said.
"Well, you see, there's this yogi coming to Indianapolis, Anne Ventner, and she's hosting a weekend retreat targeted at other yoga instructors. You know, new techniques and ideas, suggestions for ways to make classes more interesting, that sort of thing. I was thinking about going and thought you might be interested as well."
Trent, in spite of his recent interest in yoga and subsequent fast track through the training necessary to teach and open a small town studio of his own, had never had a lot of interest in pursuing the full breadth of what the yoga community had to offer. His practice, for lack of a better term, was pretty vanilla.
"Me?" he said.
"Yeah, you," she said, playfully poking him square in the chest with a delectable unpainted big toe. "I noticed you don't get out to many of these sorts of clinics or classes, and I don't want you to stagnate only a couple years after opening."
"Mmm," Trent said, suspecting there was still something more in her motives. "Weekend retreat, sounds like it might be kinda pricey."
"It's only a hundred fifty each," she said quickly, as if having expected that argument from him. "Which, considering it includes room and board, is really cheap for this sort of thing. Well, it's only that much if we go double occupancy. Otherwise it's two hundred bucks each."
Trent's heart fluttered uneasily for a moment at the thought of sharing a room with Sasha for a night or two. There was no way she would be interested in him that way, and nothing in her demeanor even hinted at it, but that didn't mean it couldn't be difficult on him. His inclination was to just decline, to retreat back into the quiet privacy and predictability his life had become, but there remained that deeply buried part of him that wanted to say yes -- and not for the class, but for her.
She smiled wryly, as if somehow able to read his mind. "You haven't said no, which from you is as good as a yes," she said. "I already asked Greg if he could cover your classes that weekend and he said he could. So, can I sign you up?"
She had already asked his other part timer? How long had she been thinking about this? He felt a little deflated, like a father being taught by his daughter how to function in the real world.
"Sure, I guess," he said.
"Great!" she said, leaping off the desk and swinging herself around behind his chair. She gave him a good squeeze on both shoulders and leaned in next to his ear. "I think you'll have a great time. It'll be good for you."
* * * * *
Just over halfway through the two hour drive to Indianapolis, Trent finally found himself able to relax and enjoy Sasha's company as he would that of a friend. She was just as sweet and friendly with him as she was with her classes and likely within her own social circles, utterly heedless of their age gap. He learned that he was right about her dancing background, though she had quit early on in high school after suffer chronic injuries. Rehabilitation from those is what led her into yoga and subsequently her physical therapy major now in college. He found her to be well grounded in common sense while balancing it with a whimsical and free spirited approach to life.
"So, enough about me," Sasha said, kicking her bare feet up onto his dash from where she rode shotgun, an act that caused the hemline of her sundress to creep distractingly high up her leg in his peripheral vision. "We've worked together for half a year and I scarcely know anything about you aside from what you do for a living and that you live alone in that small little house behind the studio. What's your story?"
Trent had indeed been closed off about his background, as it was both painful and a source of shame for him. Sasha, in being so open and honest about her own life, had put him in a position where it would be difficult to refuse. Now, though, he believed that she would keep anything he said in confidence, and it was that which allowed him to open up for the first time in years.
"Well, the short version is that I was married until about two years ago," he said, keeping his eyes squarely on the highway ahead of him. "Got married straight out of college, had a couple daughters, and worked my way into upper management at a fairly large insurance company. But, being a blind fool, I focused so much on pressing my career that my family life suffered. More than I realized at the time. That led to my wife having an affair, for which I'll take my fair share of the blame, and then divorce. The girls left with her when she remarried six months later."
"Wow, I'm sorry," Sasha said, sounding very sincere.
"Yeah, it's been rough," Trent said. "By the time the divorce was final, I had already quit my job. It was too late to save my marriage, but at least I got the wake up call I needed to reorganize some of my priorities. I only see my daughters occasionally due to distance, but our relationship has improved considerably. I had taken and enjoyed a couple yoga classes a few years back, so on a whim I threw myself fully into that. Once I was comfortable enough to teach, I moved out to Arland and opened up my little studio. I'm barely scratching out a living, but I'm happier and have the time to pay attention to life around me."
"Well, good for you," Sasha said. "It can't be easy to make such big changes in your life. I take it you're still not where you want to be yet, though."
"What do you mean by that?" Trent said, glancing over at her.
"I could always tell there was something dragging you down," she said. "I think I noticed it first while watching you demonstrate to a class a week or so after I started working with you. There's a tension about you that shouldn't be there, especially if you're fully in the proper state of relaxation."
"What, physically?"
"In a way, yeah," she said. "I can't articulate just what it is, but it's definitely there. Now I think I understand why. Hopefully we'll be able to find a way to get you past it."
We? He didn't say it aloud, but he wondered if she seriously meant to take on the unenviable task of helping him overcome his personal failings and self doubt. It was a personal journey for him, not one he had intended to drag others into. And yet, in spite of his reservations, he found the simple act of talking to her about it therapeutic.
For the remainder of the drive, their conversation turned to lighter topics. She did politely inquire about his daughters and their interests and challenges of being teens, but otherwise she deftly steered him away from what was a long standing sore spot in his life. By the time they pulled onto the nearly unmarked dirt road to the retreat somewhere outside the suburbs of Indianapolis, they were laughing out loud about some of his stranger experiences in studying as a middle aged man to become a yoga teacher.
The site of the yoga retreat appeared to be an old ranch house, which he might have called a small mansion for its size was it not for a rather rustic and weathered appearance. He suspected it had been built for size out of necessity rather than opulence. There were several other buildings, including a barn, that harkened back to its original roots, though aside from a large garden off to the side of the main structure there was little to suggest it was still being used for agriculture or ranching. Still, Trent found himself enjoying the rustic ambiance and the scenic rolling hills broken with lines of trees.
They parked alongside a number of other cars and carried their small weekend bags and mats into the main building where they were eagerly greeted by a young woman from the local yoga studio hosting the retreat. She checked their names off the list and led them up the grand staircase, itself polished smooth under the feet of generations, and down a hall to their shared room. As the place had become something of a new age retreat in recent years, the accommodations were appropriately eclectic to Trent's mind -- two thin mats on the floor covered in simple linens, each with a heavy wool blanket neatly folded on the end, along with a single dresser and lamp. On the walls were a couple paintings, having no common theme other than a sort of enthusiastically amateurish vibe to them. He found the entire set up, including the communal bathrooms down the hall in either direction, to be amusing and yet somehow just right for the weekend ahead.
The rest of the evening passed quickly, with a home cooked dinner and introduction session for all fourteen students to meet one another as well as the teacher. For one who taught yoga for a living, Trent had always felt awkward and undereducated when associating with what he considered to be hard core new-agers, which was the source for much of his trepidation about joining Sasha on this trip. He was relieved, however, to find that most of the others were very friendly and easy to get along with, and with all being in the same profession there was no shortage of common ground. The teacher for the weekend, Anne, turned out to be around his age and nearly Sasha's match for easy charm. By the time they returned to their room to get an early jump on sleep before their crack of dawn first yoga session, Trent was feeling very upbeat about the weekend.
While Sasha was finishing up in the bathroom, Trent changed into his sleeping shorts and sprawled out on his surprisingly comfortable sleeping mat. He started flipping through the material they had been given upon arrival, including a brochure about the instructor's biography and experience. It was an impressive resume, so to speak, especially for someone who was married with kids.
"So, it sounds like our teacher runs two week long yoga retreats at a beach resort down in the Bahamas ever year," Trent said when Sasha returned to their room.
"Nice," she said, setting her toiletries bag down.
"Now that sounds like the direction I need to be taking my practice in the future," he said, setting aside the brochure to take a look at the agenda for the weekend.
"If you do, then you'd damn well better be bringing me along at company expense," she said.
Trent's good humor lasted only a moment before taking a sudden detour upon seeing the subject of the second morning session on the next day's agenda -- The Practice of Nude Yoga. Nude yoga? He'd heard of the odd place here and there where it was occasionally done in a formal setting, but those were usually in big cities with rather liberal or eclectic cores. He felt a flush of nerves when he read in the description that as participants they were expected to "participate."
"Uh, Sasha?"
"Yeah?"
"Did you know about this nude yoga session tomorrow?" He glanced across the room at her and was stunned to find that while he had been distracted reading, she had shed her sundress was stood wearing only a yellow thong. She was facing away from him, but he was still shocked that she so casually undress like that in his presence. He tried and failed to avert his eyes, mesmerized by her cute butt and the way her muscles moved up and down her back.
"Yeah, I think I remember reading that somewhere," she said as if it was hardly any more exciting than learning what the lunch menu would be. "Sounds like fun, eh?"
Fun? For whom? He couldn't imagine getting naked in a room full of near strangers, let alone in front of Sasha, could be in any way fun.
"Uncomfortable might be more the word I was looking for," he said. "Or awkward, distracting, terrifying." As he started mumbling distractedly, Sasha bent over to place the folded dress into her bag. In doing so, he was able to see the side of one of her modest sized breasts hanging in an adrenaline inducing moment. He forced his eyes back to the agenda just as he struggled to beat down the quick rising arousal. It was that, more than anything, that worried him about the nude session tomorrow -- not that others would see him, but how would he react to seeing Sasha?
"Haven't you ever gone skinny dipping or something before?" she said. Mercifully, he could tell from his peripheral vision that she was putting on a tank top.
"Actually, no."
"Bah, don't worry about it," she said, taking a seat on the floor next to him, sitting cross-legged in nothing more than her thin top and almost non-existent underwear. Were all of today's youth so open and casual? As a father with teen daughters, the prospect worried him.
"Anne did say that all sessions were optional, right?" he said, daring to look Sasha in the eye while studiously avoiding looking at any other part of her. "Maybe I'll just bow out of that one."
"What, and make me spend the rest of the weekend as the girl who's here with the prude? Gee, thanks." She said it all with sarcastic humor, but he could tell that there was a grain of challenge in her voice, that she would be a little hurt if he didn't join her.
"I'll think about it," he said. "Honest."
"Okay," she said, patting him on the shoulder. "You'll love it, trust me."
"Is this the voice of experience?"
"Well, I do practice around my apartment sans clothes quite a bit," she admitted. "But never in a group session before. So, see, we'll be in it together."
"Why do I think you'll never cease to surprise me," Trent said, setting aside the stack of papers.
"Wouldn't want your life to get boring now, would we?" She gave him a wink and then rose smoothly from the floor to turn off the lamp. Within minutes, her breathing had fallen into the smooth, slow pattern of slumber. Trent, however, found sleep difficult to come by as his mind raced through one scenario after another, each ending with him embarrassing himself in front of a yoga class and Sasha.
* * * * *
A rough night sleeping followed by waking to the sight of Sasha stretching out in her night attire brought Trent's anxiety level back up to where it had been the previous night. Over the next few hours, however, he was able to calm back down. Anne's first session with the group, held out in what used to be the barn and was now a spacious wood-floored studio, did more to clear his mind than anything he could do himself. She ran a very interactive combination of yoga exercise and instructional clinic full of anecdotal stories, pointers, and ideas for the participants to consider incorporating in their own classes. While he was used to yoga being a generally quiet and relaxed affair, she was able to bring talk and enthusiasm without sacrificing the entire mental focus component.
Following the first session and breakfast, Trent spent a good bit of the rest of the morning trying to relax and find distractions. For a while, he and Sasha walked around the grounds, enjoying the warmth of the early autumn sun and fresh air. When it was her turn to have a private session with the teacher, he returned indoors to the quiet sanctuary of the estate's small library where he browsed absentmindedly through some magazines and books. He couldn't help thinking about the nude session as the clock ticked inexorably closer to the time he would be forced to make a decision. He briefly entertained the idea of hiding out in the library or elsewhere and then claiming he'd lost track of time, only he knew that Sasha would probably be far more disappointed in him for that than if he simply said that it wasn't for him.
Still undecided, he returned to their room with only ten minutes until the start of the session. Sasha was inside, laying on her bedroll and listening to her iPod. She cracked her eyes when he closed the door and sat up, pulling the headphones out.
"There you are," she said. "Is it time?"
"Almost," he said. Would he even be able to make a decision? His mind waffled between difficult options.
She put her music away and looked at her own watch where it sat among her baggage. "Ack, ten minutes. Yeah, guess we'd better get moving."
Sasha grabbed her towel, blanket and mat, while effectively telling him that he was coming along. Trent found himself collecting his own items and swallowing down his last lingering doubts and anxiety. He just kept telling himself to keep and open mind and everything would end up alright.
When they arrived back at the barn studio, they found that about half of the other students were already present. Of those, all but a couple had already removed their clothing and were stretching out or quietly chatting on their mats. The instructor was also ready and waiting at the front of the room, nude and completely relaxed. Trent couldn't help but admire her confidence, being able and willing to teach a class such as this while effectively "walking the walk." And along with her confidence, it was no surprise that she kept her body in exceptional shape. He couldn't help but feel a bit jealous of her husband.
Taking care not to let his eyes linger on any other student, Trent followed Sasha's lead across the room to a clear spot where they could lay their mats down and leave their other belongings against the wall. She didn't hesitate for a moment to start shedding her clothing -- the usual sports bra and spandex shorts that she favored when teaching. Trent took a deep breath and pulled off his own shirt and carefully folded it. Then, like quickly ripping off a bandage, he pulled his shorts and underwear off in one motion, laying them on top of the shirt. And just like that, he was naked.
While adjusting to the foreign sensation, he found himself unable to look at Sasha beside him. He kept his eyes on his mat and quickly took a seat, ostensibly to stretch out but mostly to take stock of his emotions. He felt a little flush with embarrassment, but it wasn't nearly as bad as he had anticipated. And, to his immense relief, he found nothing about the experience so far to be arousing. Rather, he found it to be a little anti-sexual, if such a thing was possible. Maybe, just maybe, he thought he might make it through this experience.
"Do you remember what the schedule said was for lunch today?" Sasha said in a whisper.
Trent turned at the sound of her voice and found that she had also taken a seat beside him on her mat. And there she was, the young woman who had more than a few times entered into his fantasies, stretching her legs casually in all her nakedness. She was indeed beautiful, as he had always known, but not in the classical model sense. Rather, she was almost curvy due to her short stature and developed muscles. Her breasts were lovely, perky handfuls, and her crotch, bless her, was clean shaven aside from a small, close-trimmed strip. To his relief, Trent found under these circumstances he could appreciate her body in the context of her as a whole rather than as an extension of her sexual being. He was able to control himself.
"Don't recall, sorry," he said, taking the opportunity to begin stretching himself out. "Probably something with tofu."
She laughed softly at him. "One of these day's I'll be able to convince you that tofu can taste good."
"You can try, and you will fail," he said, finding release in being able to find humor with her like they would at work.
As the rest of the class assembled, and it appeared to Trent that everyone was attending, Anne got the session started. While she ran the class much as she had in the morning, leading them through various poses and sequences, this time she spent a little bit more time on the discussion side of things. She related her experiences and those of others in leading and establishing new nude yoga classes around the country, some painfully funny while others were more matter of fact. As Trent had suspected, most classes that met regularly and lasted tended to be subgroups within much larger yoga establishments. And, to avoid unnecessary hassle and unwanted scrutiny, many went under the radar, bringing in new members mostly by referral rather than advertising. Other aspects that she focused on included some of the blunt realities -- dealing with nuisances from local authorities or the very rare case of a member behaving inappropriately, and these she discussed with the same reasoned approach that she had brought to the early morning session.
When Anne wrapped up the session, Trent was amazed at how quickly the time had passed. He still didn't think his studio was ready to incorporate a nude practice, but he no longer found the concept to be one worthy of outright dismissal. He was also surprised with himself at how little attention he had paid to the other people around him. Certainly, he saw them, and there were plenty of reasonably fit and not unattractive bodies to go around, but he didn't feel his attention drawn to or distracted by them.
"Well?" Sasha said as she rolled up her blanket.
"Well what?" Trent said, teasingly. He had no qualms about looking at her now, even though she was still quite naked. It felt like he was seeing her differently than before, as if he was able to see her more from her own perspective rather than from his.
"You know what. You enjoy it?"
He smiled. "Yes, I did," he said. "And you were right. So thanks for dragging me down here."
"You're welcome," she said. "Now, hurry up and get dressed. I'm hungry."
"You know, it's almost a shame this was the only nude session," he said, whispering almost conspiratorially.
"Listen to you," she whispered back, poking him in the shoulder and giving him a wink.
* * * * *
Later in the afternoon, Trent returned to the barn for his one on one session with Anne. She rose from where she had been sitting on the floor in lotus position and warmly welcomed him. Much as he had thought before, he found himself a little jealous of the man who was lucky enough to have married this woman. Along with that thought came the pang of regret for his own failings in marriage.
"Have you been enjoying the sessions so far, Trent?" she said as they stood casually together in the middle of the room.
"Oh, definitely," he said. "Kinda makes me wonder if I've been missing out by not attending more of this sort of opportunity with other yoga experts."
"Well, it never hurts to try to learn more," she said. "Some of them are way out there, but that doesn't mean you can't find something to take home from most any instructor."
Trent nodded. "And I'll definitely keep that in mind in the future."
"Now, what about you? What I can do to help you or your practice?"
"Honestly, I'm not sure," he said. "Guess I'm not very good at these things."
"That's okay," Anne said. "It doesn't even have to be about your classes. Maybe there's something with your own technique or something new that you've always wanted to learn."
"Well, actually, there is one thing maybe you can help me with," he said. "I find that I'm prone to neck and shoulder pain when doing a lot of the neck and head stands for any length of time. I see others, a lot of my students even, who can hold those poses for minutes or longer at a time and I just can't hold out."
"Show me," she said, indicating he should set out his mat right there. He unrolled it and was about to go into a basic shoulder stand when she caught him. "Take your shirt off first," she said. "That way, I can see better what your muscles are doing."
He shrugged and removed his shirt before resuming his pose. Once his legs were pointed upright, he tried to relax into the pose. Like usual, the discomfort in his muscles soon crept in and ultimately he had to roll out of it. Anne was squatting next to him, a studious expression on her face.
"Your technique is mostly right," she said.
"Only mostly? What am I doing wrong?"
"Well, it's not so much a position thing. Rather, I think you're just too tense. You seem to be able to relax into most of your other poses, but these ones are where you really tighten up. And I don't think it has anything to do with your lack of confidence in the pose itself. I'd hazard a guess that it's something else you're bringing into the session."
That sounded familiar to Trent. "Did Sasha set you up for this?" he said, somewhat dubious that she would say almost the exact same thing that his employee had during the drive yesterday.
Anne looked confused for a moment. "Sasha? No, she didn't say anything to me about you."
"Oh, ok," Trent said, feeling a little ashamed. "It's just that she said almost the exact same thing yesterday, that she saw some sort of tension within me that interfered with my practice."
Anne smiled. "Then Sasha is a very bright and perceptive woman."
"I've come to the same conclusion," Trent said.
"And do you know what the source of this tension is, since it's probably the only roadblock to you finding comfort again?"
Trent didn't really want to get into his failed marriage with the instructor, but he was willing to at least admit to a little. He gave her the one minute version of his marriage and divorce and regrets. She listened quietly and sympathetically.
"Well, at least you understand the root of your problem," she said when he finished. "And that's good. That's a big step."
"So what do I do next to get past it? It's been a couple years and I'm still beating myself up."
"Well, I'm no therapist, but I can tell you what worked for me back when I faced a somewhat similar personal crisis back as a young adult," she said. "I found that when I set expectations for everything in my life and for the relationships around me, I was almost always disappointed when the expectations weren't met. I spent too much time lamenting how things were different from what I wanted or anticipated that I failed to appreciate things for how they actually were. So, my advice to you is to simply let go of all your preconceptions and expectations and live life in the moment, taking it as it comes to you and in whatever form that might be."
It sounded like just a little bit of mumbo jumbo to Trent, but the tone of her voice led him to conclude that she was very sincere about what she said. And maybe she was right, he thought, maybe his expectations for himself were too rigid and were constantly leading him to disappointment. It wouldn't hurt any to try to take her advice to heart.
"I'll give it a shot," he said.
"And when it works out for you, I want you to let me know," she said with a twinkle in her eye.
* * * * *
Following Trent's private session was another group exercise, dinner, and a more relaxed classroom discussion. By the end of the scheduled activities, he was simultaneously exhausted and rejuvenated, eager to try implementing a few of Anne's new concepts in both his classes and personal practice. In that respect, Sasha had been correct, and he now saw the advantage in getting out to broaden his knowledge base every now and then.
Shortly after retreating to their room, Sasha begged off to take a shower. Trent followed her lead soon after and was relieved to find the other bathroom on their floor was available. The warm water sluicing over tired but loose muscles felt wonderful and he let his mind fully decompress. By the time he was finished, his state of relaxation was so complete as to be nearly drug-like.
As he finished toweling himself dry, he realized that he had forgotten to bring anything clean to change into. Figuring that after their earlier session no one from the class would be bothered by decorum, he simply tied the towel around his waist for the walk back to his room. Aside from a couple quiet conversations behind closed doors, there was little other activity going on in the old house, and he made it back to his room without seeing anyone else.
Trent quickly and quietly slipped through the door. He was hoping that he would have made it back before Sasha, still a little bashful at the idea of changing in front of her in spite of having done so earlier. There was something distinctly different about being nude in private as opposed to being in the presence of the rest of the class. His hopes were dashed in an instant, however, when he found her calmly meditating in the lotus position in the middle of the floor, naked.
Trent had the door mostly closed behind him, but in a moment of flushed panic he wondered if he shouldn't step back out. At the least, he should have knocked. He realized there was little point in retreating now, though, as she was likely well aware of his presence in spite of her closed eyes, even breathing, and lack of motion. He quietly pulled the door closed behind and hoped he would be able to avoid further interrupting her.
"Nice shower?" she said as he tried to softly walk past her.
He glanced down at her and found that she had opened her eyes and was now looking up at him, a peaceful aura about her. Internally, he felt just the opposite, excitement and arousal competing with his sense of propriety and good judgment. He wondered, yet again, at how she could act so casually.
"Yeah, very," he finally said when he could find his voice.
"I hope I'm not making you uncomfortable," she said. "I was just trying to reinforce all the new things I learned today. And, well, this just felt comfortable after the hot shower."
"No, no, it's fine," Trent said. "Just maybe caught me off guard for a moment there."
He distracted himself from staring at her by setting his toiletries bag down and digging through his other bag for something clean to wear. He seemed to have difficulty focusing on the clothes, though, as he was highly distracted by the sense that she was watching him closely where he was crouching in his towel.
"I was wondering if you might be able to give me a quick hand with something," she said.
Alarm bells went off in the back of Trent's mind. Was it possible she was interested in him sexually? Would he be able to resist if she did? He was neither used to nor comfortable with the idea of being around a woman so confident in herself and aggressive in going after what she wanted.
"What's that?" he said, his voice cracking.
"Anne was showing me a couple new poses in my private session," Sasha said. "One of them is the half crane, which I'm having a devil of a time trying to figure out how to smoothly transition in and out of without flopping on my ass. I'm pretty sure I've seen you do it before and was hoping you might be able to watch and see if you can figure out what I'm doing wrong."
Trent felt a wave of relief, though not without a tinge of disappointment.
"Oh, yeah, sure," he said, turning back to face her where she was already unfolding from her lotus position. Much as he wanted to just pull on a pair of shorts, he obligated to give her his full attention. Instead, he simply clung to the towel he was wearing and knelt just out of her way.
"Great, thanks," Sasha said. She rolled over to her hands and knees, facing generally in his direction. It was impossible not to watch her breasts swing gently as she settled into her starting position, but he forced himself to focus on her body alignment so that he might be able to offer a little constructive insight. She leaned forward until one shoulder touched the floor and, with deliberate patience, pulled the opposite side leg up past her chest between her arms until the toes were pointing right at Trent. This leg she then bent to bring around behind her neck. As she did so, however, she began to tip forward and he couldn't help himself but to grab her to break the fall.
Sasha giggled as her limbs unwound and her weight fell fully into him. She slid off his thighs until she laid flat on her back next to him, looking up sheepishly. Whether she realized it or not, she had inadvertently dragged his towel to the floor along with her. Trent felt warm with embarrassment, but knew he couldn't pull the towel back up with half her weight on it, and it seemed that to make a big deal of it would only draw more attention to him. And with her casually and comfortably naked around him, he would only feel all the more embarrassed. So, against his natural instincts, he did his best to just blow it off.
"Sorry about that," she said, in no hurry to get back up. "So, hopefully you can see my problem there. That's about how it usually goes."
"Yeah, I think I know what you were doing," he said. "Um, probably easier if I show you first, then let you try again."
Sasha rolled up to a sitting position and scooted to the side to give him room to work. He casually brushed his fallen towel aside and began setting up the pose the same way that she had, aware of her eyes watching his every move and trying not to get self conscious about it. As he pulled his leg up and through his arms, she crawled around to his other side to get a clearer view of how he was setting up his balance.
"So, I think the trick here is that you need to slide your back leg forward just a bit," he said, doing so. "And then as you wrap your forward foot behind your neck, you need to really pull that top shoulder back to keep your center of mass on the line between the down shoulder and your planted leg."
It was among the most difficult poses that Trent was able to perform and one that he had only just a few months ago reached the level of flexibility necessary to pull off. He focused on breathing, steadying and calming his muscles as they stretched into the hold. Sasha quietly observed his technique and, he suspected, his dangling cock in its very openly exposed position. Inwardly, he simply sighed -- somehow, he would just have to accept that any relationship with Sasha, be it personal or professional, was simply going to be different from any other he had ever had before.
"Okay, I think I have it," she said. "Definitely had my balance out way too far."
By the time he extracted himself from the pose, Sasha was already getting down on her hands and knees to give it another try. He knelt down beside her so that she would be facing him as she tilted away from the down shoulder. She slowly settled her weight and then pulled her leg up and through into a forward split.
"Good," he said, his eyes sliding over her widely exposed crotch and down at her planted leg. "Now bring the leg forward just a bit."
She moved as he instructed, and he relished in the familiar role of instructor. It was one of the reasons he had made the career change - the joy he found in sharing ways for others to improve their lives. And here, one on one, the connection was even more personal and gratifying.
"Now pull your shoulder back just a bit," he said. She did so, but he realized as she tried to wrap her other leg behind her neck that she was still too far forward. He quickly slid in beside her and gently pushed her shoulder back to where it needed to be. Sensing he had her in the correct spot, she finished the move and established the pose solidly. Trent, almost reluctantly, let go of her and slid back to admire her accomplishment. She gave him a grateful smile in return.
"I think that was the biggest problem," she said as she sank into the stretch. "I felt like if I moved that shoulder much further back that I'd tip over the other way."
"It's awkward, but once you give yourself over it's not too bad," he said. "Leap of faith, as it were."
She finally unfolded out of the pose and then tried it again on the other side, without his assistance this time. Trent stayed put, watching her feel her way through the proper positioning and then taking a moment to admire her backside from neck to perfect ass, and down her shapely, taut leg.
When she was finished, Sasha turned around to face him in a comfortable cross-legged position. "Thank you, sir," she said. "You're a much easier teacher to follow than Anne."
Trent settled down on the floor as well, content to just relax and talk. "I doubt that," he said. "She's a pretty good instructor."
"Speaking of which," she said, "I never got a chance to ask how your private session with her went this afternoon."
"Okay, I guess," he said. "Oddly enough, she claimed to be able to spot the same tension in me that you said you saw."
"Really? See, I wasn't just making it up."
"No, you're pretty perceptive I guess," he said.
"So what did she recommend?"
"Nothing major," he said. "And not any magical yoga solution or anything like that. Just that I needed to temper my expectations for things in life. Guess that makes sense, though not sure how much it'll help for me. I think I just need time more than anything."
"Well, sounds like good advice to me," she said. "And if there's ever anything I can do to help, just let me know."
"I appreciate that," he said, sincerely grateful to have someone like her around.
"I don't know what you usually do before going to bed, but I like to do some meditation and think on the things that happened that day," she said, leaning forward ever so slightly. "I find that it helps me purge the bad vibes and get me focused for the next day. You're totally welcome to join me."
It sounded just a little over the new age line from his comfort zone, but after the way she had been so supportive of him during the weekend so far, he didn't think he could decline her invitation. "Sure," he said. "I can give it a try. What do I have to do?"
"Well, start by getting into the lotus position and closing your eyes," she said, patting a spot on the blanket of her sleeping mat.
Trent took a seat where she indicated, intertwining his legs until he was comfortable and letting his hands loosely rest on his knees. Sasha sat in front of him in a mirror pose to his own, so close that their knees touched. He was disoriented by her proximity, even able to smell a hint of her fragrance. Just after he closed his eyes, she took his fingers and wrapped them loosely in her own hands.
"Now, just breathe slowly and evenly," she said, beginning to do so on her own. He was distracted by the intimacy of her presence, and had to force himself to focus on his breathing and matching her breath in order to shut it out of his mind. Slowly, over several minutes, he felt his body and mind relaxing.
"Now, as you continue to breathe, recount your day starting with waking up this morning and all the way through until just now," she said in a soft, low voice that could have suitably narrated a relaxation tape. "The things that made you uncomfortable or unhappy, turn them to dust and breathe them out, expelling the experience as something that won't weigh you down. And for the things that you enjoyed or learned, take these and infuse them throughout your body, mind, and spirit with each inhalation."
Much as he found the visualization to be goofy, he made a genuine effort to take it to heart. He pictured his skepticism about the classes and a new teacher and blew it aside. He took his morning-long fear of the nude yoga class and exhaled it to oblivion. His discomfort at being alone with Sasha after his shower, also cast aside in a few easy breaths.
For reinforcement, he visualized Anne's suggestion about not being beholden to expectation. He embraced his acceptance and open-mindedness toward nudity as an expression of the unencumbered body. He opened himself up to Sasha as one of many shepherds who would lead him out of his years long malaise, as one who was genuinely good to him for unselfish reasons.
As he ran out of things to visualize, Trent resumed focusing on Sasha's breathing, matching hers with his own slow, steady rhythm. Unbidden, an image of her came to him, of her standing and smiling as he had seen her earlier today. She was alone with him in the barn studio, both naked and facing one another. She was beckoning him with her smile and her posture, sinking into one leg to curve and accentuate her opposite hip. Where before there had been no sexual overtones with Sasha, his mind was now conjuring overt ones and it brought about a swift and uncontrollable erection.
Just as quickly, Trent forced away the image in his panic not to be caught sitting in front of her with a raging hard on. He lamented the disparity in their ages, but reality was inescapable and to be caught like this would be inappropriate at best. He desperately fought down the erection, trying so hard not to tip her off with any change in his breathing or the way his hands were held in hers. A moment of fear gripped him when he realized that she might be looking at him right now. Just because his eyes were closed didn't mean that hers were. He debated whether or not he should peek, since if she was had seen him but didn't think she was caught then they could continue to go on with life without having to admit anything. Unable to resist, though, he cracked his eyes and found hers blissfully shut.
The moment of panic had the desired effect, however, and his erection began to subside. Sasha's breathing changed just a little and she squeezed his hands softly. He knew he wasn't yet fully deflated, but hoped it would be enough that she wouldn't notice.
"Well?" she said, barely above a whisper.
"You're right," he said. "That's nice. Very relaxing."
She smiled, staring deep into his eyes. For perhaps the first time in his memory, he thought he saw a bit of uncertainty there. It was as if she wanted to ask or say something, but was struggling with whether she should or not. So uncharacteristic it was for her that Trent found himself wondering what might be on her mind.
"Is there anything else I can do tonight to help ease that tension?" The same hint of doubt came across again, but this time Trent heard it in her voice.
"You've done plenty already," Trent said, squeezing her hands in return. "Really, it has meant a lot to me."
"Okay," she said, her eyes showing a split second of disappointment before her wry smile popped back into place as she uncurled from the floor. "Not even one of my famous backrubs?"
"Ooh, now that is tempting," Trent said, slowly stretching out his own legs as well. He felt that same nervous arousal threatening to return, since there was a certain degree of intimacy implied when one nude party offered a backrub to another. Much as he was sorely tempted by the offer, he knew there was no way he would be able to control himself with her hands rubbing his body. And even if an intimate encounter was what she had in mind, Trent was too frightened of what it would do to her down the road since it could not possibly last.
"Very, very tempting," he said as he talked his way out of accepting. "I'd owe you too much, though, and I hate being in debt. And I'm tired. Maybe another time?"
Sasha smiled and nodded, but she couldn't completely hide her disappointment. Trent knew for certain then that she did want something more tonight, and it was killing him not to give her what she wanted both to repay her kindness as well as to satisfy his own urges. She was quick to recover, though, and cheerfully gave him a good night hug, an assertive gesture that nearly broke his resolve.
Sasha crawled under her blanket without bothering to dress. Trent figured by this point that dressing would be pointlessly prudish, so he simply turned off the light and crawled under his own blanket. He stared blankly at the dark ceiling, left with his own freshly turbulent thoughts and Sasha's soft breathing his only companions.
Trent wondered at what kind of strength or weakness he was exhibiting by turning down such a wonderful woman, one whom he had lusted over for months. He wasn't seeing anyone and had been divorced long enough for the sting of that to be well and truly gone. He hadn't even tried to flirt or otherwise express interest in her, either. Whether he was making the right choice or not, he knew he would have doubts and regrets about this night for the rest of his life.
Even as his conscience reined him in, curtailing his frustration with logical arguments that he had no business with a woman that young, the doubt in the back of his mind kept throwing up counter arguments. Why shouldn't a man his age be able to be with a young woman, particularly when she clearly wanted him as much or more than he wanted her? And then the answer snapped into clear focus: Expectation. There were expectations about age differences, about boss-employee relationships, about where a young woman's interests should lie, about what a divorced man his age should do if he wanted to be considered dignified and responsible.
An image of Anne standing before him in the studio popped into his mind. She didn't say anything, but in her eyes he could feel the patient stare of a teacher waiting for her student to figure it out on his own. Of course, he had already made the connection to her lesson, but did that mean it applied or that merely his subconscious was trying to find a loophole for him to succumb to his more primal needs?
"Sasha," Trent said, his voice scarcely more than a whisper.
"Yeah?" she whispered back.
Trent took a deep breath and pulled his blanket aside. He rolled over and crawled across the several feet of carpeting that separated their sleeping mats. In the dim light that filtered in through the window, he could just barely make out her eyes looking back up at him as he leaned over her motionless figure. Fuck expectations, he thought to himself, and leaned in to kiss her on the lips. For a fleeting moment, he was terrified that he had completely misread her and that he was so far out of line as to justify prison time. She kissed him back. And again.
With lips locked in a desperate embrace, Sasha pulled back her blanket and pulled his body in tight to her own. Trent relished in the warm smoothness of her bare skin against his own. The energy that rippled between them was something he hadn't felt in decades, not since early in his relationship with his ex, and he reveled in the sensation. Her smell and taste were intoxicating, and he consumed her like a man famished.
Trent felt Sasha pull back from the kiss, eliciting a moment of disappointment until she slid up his body and fed one of her breasts into his mouth. He flicked his tongue across the hard nipple, alternately kissing and sucking on it to the gasping encouragement of his partner. He massaged and pinched her other nipple, all while she ran her fingers through his hair and rubber her thighs against his erection.
When she wrapped one leg up and over his hip, Trent stretched down with his free arm to massage her butt. With each stroke of the fingers, he moved closer to her crotch until he could feel the heat and warmth radiating from her sex. Slowly and deftly, he spread his fingers around her pussy without directly contacting it. He rubbed gently but insistently back and forth, his fingertips slowly narrowing the gap until they finally grazed across her pussy lips and clit. She gasped at the touch and gripped him harder, smashing his face more completely into her chest. Unrelenting, his fingers continued to stroke lightly across and around her clit, moving smoothly in her wetness across the bare skin. He alternated stroking with shallow finger penetration, building to a faster, deeper and more intense massage that brought her to a moaning orgasm.
For a minute after bringing her gently back down, they just held one another tightly, the beating of their hearts and heaving of their lungs merging as one. Sasha scooted back down such that her head was resting on his arm as they lay side by side. Trent softly traced his fingers across her back while she did likewise on his chest. In the back of his mind, back to where rational thought had fled, Trent felt that he had indeed done the right thing.
Sasha leaned in and they kissed again, at first soft and lingering, but soon growing in intensity. She pushed his shoulder until he rolled onto his back, allowing her to swing a leg over him and climb on top. She ground her crotch into his cock, her slickness hinting at the pleasures of penetrating her wet cunt. In the meantime, she had locked her mouth aggressively to his and snaked her tongue deep into his mouth. He grasped her sides, occasionally flicking a nipple with his thumbs, and simply held on to the ride.
"Trent," she whispered in a raspy voice after moving her kisses across his face, around his neck and ultimately to his earlobe.
"Yeah?" he whispered back.
"I need to do something," she said. He absently wondered if it might be a birth control thing, since her pussy was about an inch away from being penetrated.
"What's that?"
"I need to...," she gasped breathlessly. "Remove." "Every last...bit." Grunt, gasp. "Of tension." She stuck her tongue in his ear, sending a shiver down his body. "Out of you."
"I see," he said, himself almost too breathless to speak.
"You know why?" she said, pausing momentarily from where she was sucking on his neck.
"Why?"
"Cuz then." She sucked the other side of his neck hard enough that he wondered if she might be trying to give him a hicky. "Then, and only then..." "We can properly...fuck."
God damn, Trent thought to himself. This girl was uninhibited crazy. He wondered if she might not need this as much as he did.
"Well, okay then," he said. "So, how do you propose...mmm, yeah...we do that?"
"I think...," she said, and pushed herself up so that she was looking straight down at him. "I think it's gonna have to get sucked out."
Trent couldn't help but grin in return at her own lusty smile. "You think that'll work, then?"
She shrugged. "Only one way to find out."
Sasha kissed her way down his chest while sliding her legs between his own. As she reached his crotch, she planted kisses everywhere but on his cock. He let out an involuntary moan when she took one of his balls into her mouth, trapping it between her lips while massaging with her tongue. Trent couldn't help but envy the guy or guys in her past on whom she must have honed her technique. Finally, and mercifully, she brought her tongue up his shaft in a long, languid lick until she lapped the bead of pre-cum off the very tip. She was slow almost to a fault with her build up, kissing and licking enough to keep him turgid but not with enough force to bring him any closer to the release he desperately needed. Only when he was on the verge of frustration did she change her pace, taking him entirely inside her mouth while massaging his balls and perineum. As her mouth built up speed, sliding easily up and down, she grasped the lower part of his cock and stroked with a twisting motion. The combination of sensations brought on an incredible orgasm, one that erupted so quickly he couldn't even warn her.
Sasha, for her part, didn't just pull off and let him finish. He felt her mouth and tongue playing across and around the tip of his cock as his cum spurted out. She continued to stroke him, gently and slower so as to bring him back down, an action now smoother under his own dribbling remnants. Once his body finally went limp, she reached for her discarded towel and wiped her face and his body clean.
Sasha climbed back on top of him, though more just laying on top of him rather than straddling him, her head propped up just above his. Trent lifted his head to kiss her and she responded with gentle kisses in return. He loved feeling the weight and warmth of her on his body.
"Better?" she said.
"Much," Trent said. "Excellent cure for tension."
"I thought it might help," she said, tracing circles with her fingertips around his temple.
"Why me?" he said, risking the moment. "Not that I'm disappointed at all. But, well, I am a fair bit older than you."
Sasha shook her head and sighed. "Let's just say that you fascinate me," she said. "Doesn't hurt any that you're better looking, in better shape, and a lot more grounded that most of the guys I go to school with. But, no, I just listened to my instincts."
"For how long?"
Sasha looked away melodramatically, biting her lower lip. "Since about the time you hired me."
"Really?" he said. "And all that time, you didn't flirt or anything?"
"Well, I didn't just want to come on to you," she said. "Not to toot my own horn or anything, but it's not that hard for a reasonably attractive girl my age to get a guy turned on. I wanted to see if you had any interest in me first. So I tried the patient approach."
"And this yoga retreat?" Trent gave her a wry smile as he asked that question.
Sasha shrugged playfully. "Trying to nudge things along a little, maybe?"
"Devious," he said. "But I'm glad you did."
"So you did have a fancy for me, too?"
"Painfully so," he admitted. "Granted, it was probably just physical lust attraction in the beginning, but I've really come to admire everything else about you in the months since. It's killed me wishing I was back in college again, to be young enough to have a chance with you." It made Trent feel a little old and corny to say it, but Sasha's kiss sent those nagging doubts scurrying away.
"I'll try not to get hung up on your age," she said. "After all, you're pretty fit and flexible for a geezer."
Trent flipped Sasha off him and onto the sleeping mat in mock rage, eliciting a gasp and giggle from the young woman. He planted his own weight firmly on top of her and kissed her fiercely. She wrapped her arms around his neck, locking him in place until they both had to come up for a breath.
"Call me a geezer, will you, you young pup," he chided.
"Old man thinks he can bring it, huh?" she fired back.
Trent kissed her again and then began to work his way around her neck and down her chest. He planted kisses around both breasts, slowly teasing his way around her nipples until finally taking one in his mouth and sucking hard while flicking his tongue across the tip. She gripped his shoulders tightly, groaning and bucking under his weight, but he didn't relent. He fingered her other nipple to full attention and then turned his mouth loose on that one, rolling his tongue across her firm flesh. Under his waist, he could feel her shifting her hips in a vain attempt to draw his rapidly hardening cock into her.
Once he was confident that she was sufficiently aroused and desperate, Trent kissed and licked his way down her firm belly and along the lone narrow line of close-cropped hair above her pubis, following it like a road map to her pussy. Even before his lips reached their destination, her scent enveloped him, a musky surge of pure arousal that made his own limbs tremble with desire. The heat radiating from her was palpable and beckoned him to indulge.
In his lust, he forewent additional teasing and plunged his tongue deep into her pussy, savoring her flavor as her hips bucked uncontrollably in response. He held his face tight to her, working his tongue in and out until ultimately dragging it up and over her engorge clit. He had never before gone down on a woman who was clean shaven, and the smooth texture was a marvel. If she would let him, Trent felt like he could spend hours down here.
Sasha was clearly desperate for some sort of release, however, grabbing him by the hair and forcing his face harder into her crotch. She thrust her hips into him as if she could use his mouth and tongue as a dildo. He planted his mouth over her clit and alternated between light flicks and long, hard pressure. With a free hand, he slid first one and then two fingers into her cunt, sliding them back and forth and then curling the fingers around to stimulate her g-spot. Under the constant assault, Sasha trembled and moaned in the breathless gasps of orgasm.
Trent eased her back down slowly, her body still tightening under the slightest pressure, until she finally started to go limp. He crawled out from between her legs, stretched his neck, and laid down beside her with one arm idly caressing her tummy and chest. She was still breathing deeply and a sheen of sweat glistened across her body in the faint light.
"The old man can bring it," she finally said, rolling into him for a kiss.
"I'm not ready to be put down yet," he said, kissing her in return. "Besides, isn't forty the new thirty or something like that?"
"Maybe it should be the new twenty," she said, grinning.
They laid together in silence for some time, neither feeling compelled to say anything. Only the occasional kiss or gentle caress was shared. Trent wanted to savor and remember this moment, whether it represented the beginning of something wonderful or simply a passing joy. There was something pure in being able to truly relax and open up to another person.
Trent was brought out of his drowsy revelry by Sasha's fingers dancing lightly over his cock, teasing it back to life. She dragged her fingernails up along its length, circled the head, and traced back down. He leaned in to kiss her and she responded enthusiastically, sucking on his lower lip.
"Any tension left?" she whispered.
"Not while in your arms," he whispered back.
Sasha threw a leg over his waist and pulled her hips in closer, guiding his cock toward her pussy. She teased him, stroking the tip back and forth across her wet slit. He allowed her teasing to go on for a minute until he could resist no longer and he rolled her over onto her back, settling his own weight between her legs. With a smooth stroke, he buried himself deep inside, eliciting a gasp of pleasure.
After holding her pinned in place for a moment, Trent finally began a slow, deep stroke that Sasha quickly matched with the rocking of her own hips into his thrusts. He held his chest up above her so that he could watch the pleased expression on her face as it reacted to each thrust and change in tempo. She cupped her breasts, massaging and then teasing and pinching the nipples, further exciting him into a more insistent pace.
A few minutes into their slow build up, Sasha unwrapped her legs from around his. Using her gifted flexibility, she pulled them up between their bodies until they rested on his shoulders. His cock never slid out of her during the maneuver, and he was rewarded with a new angle of penetration. He held her by the ankles and pounded harder and harder, riding the edge toward orgasm even as her eyes closed and breathing became shallow gasps. With a final thrust, he came deep inside her, holding his cock firm as it pulsed again and again.
As the moment passed, Sasha slid her legs off Trent's shoulders and down his sides, allowing him to settle on her chest. They held one another and kissed while he slowly softened inside her. He lingered as long as he could, holding onto that moment, until he finally had to roll off to the side. Much as he wanted to express his happiness in words, he could see the same feeling in her eyes and knew that words would only diminish the moment.
For the first time since his marriage had soured, Trent fell asleep unburdened with the guilt he placed on himself. He was lost in the warm afterglow of one of the best sexual experiences of his life. He might have allowed himself to call it the very best of his life, but that was to come a couple hours later when the two of them decided to try incorporating a couple of challenging yoga poses.
* * * * *
"Good morning, Trent."
Indeed it was a good morning, Trent thought to himself. He was utterly spent and thoroughly happy. Though he was loathe to admit it, his age might have caught up with him just a bit, as he wasn't able to bounce back from a long night quite as quickly as he might once have.
"Morning, Anne," he said, settling onto the floor a short distance from where the instructor was stretching on her mat in the otherwise vacant studio.
"We missed you at the morning session," she said off-handedly. And Sasha too, Trent heard implied but unspoken.
"Yeah, sorry about that," he said. "Overslept."
"No worries," she said, sitting up and smiling warmly. "Your body knows what's best for it, and if it was calling for sleep, then sleep it should get."
"Yeah," Trent said, knowing that she was pretty certain about the real reason behind his excuse.
"So, we don't have much one on one time this morning," Anne said. "Is there anything else in particular you'd like to cover? Have you had time to digest what we discussed yesterday?"
"Well, to answer your second question, yes, I have," he said. "I took it to heart and, honestly, I'm feeling much better. Really appreciate the advice."
"That's wonderful!" she said. The knowing look in her eye caused him to blush ever so slightly.
"There is one thing that I wouldn't mind going over this morning, though, if you happen to have any knowledge in the subject matter."
"And what might that be?" she said.
Trent swallowed his pride and spit it out. "I was wondering if you knew any good two person yoga poses."
Anne's smile widened even further, making him blush even deeper. "Now, are you talking about two person yoga poses, or two person yoga positions?"
"I think more the second one," he said sheepishly.
"I should be able to get you started in the right direction," she said, barely containing a laugh at his discomfort. She was so sweet about it, though, that he already felt himself being put at ease. "A disclaimer first, though. I'll expect you to use your best discretion when teaching any of these positions I'm about to show you to any of your students. They're not for everyone."
"But sharing with other instructors is okay?" he said, giving her a grin back in return.
"Seems inevitable now, doesn't it?"