We pulled up outside of one of the most notorious bars in town. This place was known for its lounge lizards and bar sluts and was definitely the place to be if you wanted to get laid.
Suzi pulled down the visor and adjusted her tousled hair in the mirror. Smiling at me she got out of the car and headed into the sleazy bar as a doorman held the door open for. I watched avidly as Suzi flirted with the doorman, thrusting her gravity defying breasts in his general direction. I couldn't hear what he said, but whatever it was it made her giggle as she entered the sleazy lounge. The pulsating beat throbbed out of the door, as Suzi walked in, swaying her hips and beginning to work the room on her entrance. I drove the car to the opposite side of the bar and headed inside myself. Suzi was sitting on a barstool, with one guy already giving her his undivided attention.
The guy was about six foot with short fair hair. He was wearing a quite tight black button up shirt, which was showing off quite a good strong physique. Suzi was giggling and flirting with him, touching his arm as she faced him, when I noticed the barstool next to them was free. I moved over behind Suzi and listened in to their conversation.
Whatever occurred before I got there was confined to history, but I picked up the conversational thread.
"So why did you come here alone if you're married?" The guy enquired.
"My husband is working the nightshift, and it's almost two weeks since I got fucked. Tonight I'm real horny and looking for a cock to sit on!" She smiled "Here seems as good a place as any to find a hard cock!"
The guys mouth dropped at Suzi's outburst, but I think he didn't really believe her statement.
I was a little shocked at Suzi's forthright statement, basically offering herself on a plate to this lounge lizard.
"Seriously? You're in here to get fucked?" he smiled with a look of disbelief.
"Isn't everyone in here trying to get fucked? Do you want to come home with me and fuck me?" she asked testing his confidence.
"If this is for real then hell yeah! I'd love to come home and fuck you!" he grinned.
"All of my holes are available!" Suzi stated, kicking it up an extra notch.
The guy grinned, not believing his luck. Suzi placed her hand on his crotch and squeezed his cock, sealing the deal.
"You can buy me a few drinks, we'll have a few dirty dances then you can take me home and slide this hard cock deep inside me!" she smiled licking her lips provocatively.
"You're not a hooker are you?" The guy asked, genuinely concerned.
"No I'm not a hooker, just a very enthusiastic amateur!" She smiled.
"I suppose I Best Buy that drink before you change your mind!" He smiled, signalling to the bartender.
"Vodka and Cranberry please!" She said smiling at her new squeeze.
"You heard the lady. Make that two!" He said handing over a twenty to the bartender.
Suzi was still stroking and squeezing his cock as she opened her legs a little, pulling his belt loops, bringing him between her legs.
The side of the bar they had occupied was furthest from the dance floor and the booth seats, thus giving them an element of privacy.
The guy placed his right hand between her stockinged legs, running his strong hand up her stockinged thigh. Suzi instinctively opened her legs a little further, allowing him better access, as he moved in closer, forcing her stockinged legs wider. Her dress had ridden up her thighs revealing her stocking tops and garter straps. He pinged one of her garter straps, snapping the underwear against her tanned flesh, leaving her upper thigh with a light stinging sensation.
Suzi moaned as he did this then smiled seductively at him. He looked down at his handiwork as Suzi opened her legs even wider, revealing her shaved slit, framed with black stockings and garters. He visibly gulped when he saw her shaved pussy, staring at the fabulous sight. He slid his hand up her thighs, then slid it between her opened legs, resting gently on the smooth soft flesh of her shaved mound.
Suzi smiled at the intrusion and squeezed his cock just a little harder, encouraging to slip a finger inside her.
The drinks arrived with Suzi squeezing his cock as he pushed a finger inside her tight pussy.
Suzi bit her lip and thrust her pussy gently toward his invading digit.
"You're going to enjoy fucking this tight pussy!" Suzi whispered in his ear "Make me come, then we can have a little sexy dance!"
The guy stared nervously at Suzi, never having encountered such a liberated sexual deviant, willing to be fucked and taking the lead in such a manner.
She even amazed me at her antics. She'd only been in the place ten minutes, and already she was being fingered and had lined up a cock to fuck her.
I watched enthralled as she moved her hips slightly, fucking his finger, raising her ass off the barstool, allowing more of his digit to penetrate her. The bartender was paying attention as her movements became more obvious, grinding her hips and pussy against his hand.
She wasn't even trying to disguise the fact that she was being finger fucked, holding on to the bar as she gyrated and thrusted her pussy on to his digit.
Her new squeeze forced his finger upward, to the front wall of her pussy, as she panted, thrusting wildly as his fingertip made contact with her spongy Gspot. About four other guys were watching the sex show now, as Suzi fucked his finger like the depraved slut she is.
"Oh yes! Fuck my cunt!" She whispered as a gush of female ejaculate burst from her hairless pussy. This brought a little cheer from the crowd as her squeeze removed his finger and fed the cum-drenched digits to Suzi's panting mouth. She licked every shiny drop of her orgasm off his fingers as though she was giving five small cocks a sensational blowjob.
Her dress was up around her waist, displaying her black stockings and garters, framing her shaved pussy, which at that moment was open and pulsing as. She did a few pelvic floor movements, giving the watching guys a spectacular show.
She pulled her new squeeze toward her and kissed him slowly, sliding her tongue between his teeth, she moaned as his lips locked on hers. He lifted her from the barstool, his hands holding her naked butt as he kneaded the firm flesh of her buttocks. Placing her high heeled feet on the floor, he moved his fingertips between the crack of her ass.
His fingers began to slowly circle her tight rosebud, tickling her rim delightfully. She did a few pelvic floor twitches as her ass puckered open slightly, almost inviting his fingertip to penetrate her tight ass. His fingers circled her asshole gently, tantalising and tormenting her tightest hole.
Suzi broke their kissed and moved her lips to his ear as she said.
"Take me home now and fuck me!"
On cue she rubbed her right finger on her right ear, my signal to get home.
The guy kissed Suzi and ordered one more drink as I made my way out of the bar and into my car.
The short drive home was taken up with my imagination running riot at some of the antics Suzi and her latest cock would be getting up too.
She'd had her pussy finger blasted to orgasm, her asshole circled and rimmed in front of a small audience and heaven knows what she would be doing before they left.
I knew in advance that in the taxi, she would be sucking his cock like porn star, giving the taxi driver a private show.
I knew Suzi had saw me leave, as she gave me a saucy wink as I walked past her, while lover boy was feeling her puckered ring.
I imagined them in the cab, Suzi sucking his cock, while he and the taxi driver took turns to finger her ass and pussy, making her thrust wildly on their fingers as she experienced continuous orgasms. Suzi regaled later that this is exactly what happened, right outside our house, which concluded with Suzi giving the taxi driver a blowjob and swallowing his cum, as her new squeeze expertly finger fucked her to orgasm. The journey ended with Suzi getting a mouthful of spunk, the taxi drivers number and a free fare. She would fuck the Taxi driver and one of his friends after working at the club three days later then come home and tell me all about it. But that's a story for another day.
I'd arrived home, parked my car around the corner and waited for Suzi to arrive. I heard the cab pull up, but no doors opened for about 10 minutes, the reason I discovered later.
Eventually the doors opened and the familiar click of high heel on pavement filled the air.
I peaked out the air vent to see Suzi walking up the drive way. Her mini dress was up around her waist and both breasts were scooped out of her dress. Her nipples looked very erect and you could see the shimmer of saliva on both nipples. Her new squeeze followed behind her with his large cock protruding from his open flies, His cock was also glimmering with saliva as Suzi opened the door inviting him inside. I heard the door close and flicked on the cameras.
My laptop screen filled with eight squares all showing a different area of the house.
Suzi and her friend were currently in the hallway, kissing the face off each other, their hands caressing each other's body as their tongues entwined like mating snakes. Suzi broke off the kiss, stepped back from her squeeze and lifted her dress over her head, revealing her lingerie clad body in all of its slut glory. He in return, unbuttoned his shirt to reveal a hair free broad chest and chiselled six pack. Suzi ran her nails slowly up his washboard stomach, moved her hands to his belt buckle and undid his trousers as they fell to the floor. His cock was very impressive, made even more so from the fact there was not a hair on his cut body. Suzi placed her left hand on his shaft and began to stroke his cock slowly. The hallway lights were bouncing of her wedding ring as she slowly stroked his cock. He stepped out of his trousers, standing totally naked as my wife adored his cock and gently nibbled his lips erotically.
"This will fit lovely inside my cunt!" Suzi said in a hushed tone, acting the ultimate slut as she rubbed the head of his cock against her glass smooth pussy. He pushed his cock forward as the head opened her pussy lips as it nudged about an inch inside her.
"Oh fuck that feels good!" she whispered as he moved his hips back slightly then thrust the full length of his cock deep inside her pussy.
Suzi moaned loudly.
"Your cock is so much bigger than my husbands!" she panted as she moved her hips slowly to meet his deep thrusts.
Placing her arms around his neck, Suzi lifted herself off the floor, wrapping her stockinged legs around his back. He placed his hands on her firm buttocks, banging her off his cock as she moaned out loud.
"That is so much deeper than my husband gets! You're making me cum!" she panted lustfully.
"You love cock don't you, you dirty cheating slut!" he snarled as he fucked her slowly.
"I love cock! Fuck me and do whatever you want to me! I'm your slut!" Suzi smiled ecstatically.
"Let's go upstairs. I want to fuck you in your husbands bed!" he laughed.
"Make me come first!" she panted.
He lifted her buttocks just a shade higher as his fingers moved between her ass cheeks. I zoomed the camera in closer and witnessed his finger slide inside her puckered ring.
Suzi sobbed.
"Oh my god I'm coming. Finger fuck my ass and treat me like a slut!" she said breathlessly.
She threw her head back in orgasmic bliss, with her mouth open panting.
He moved his head closer to her mouth and spat directly in her mouth.
Suzi moaned even louder.
"Fuck yeah! Make me your slut!" She moaned "Fuck my ass in my husbands bed!"
He lifted her closer to him and began to climb the stairs with Suzi impaled on his cock.
Suzi moved her head in the direction of the bedroom, pushed the door open with her butt, to find an incandescent red glow in the bedroom. We would use these red lights when we were fucking and I'd left them on before we went out, ready for Suzi to enjoy with her new cock.
"I like the red lights slut!" her new squeeze snarled "Nice touch slut!" he continued as he placed Suzi on the bed, as his cock slipped out of her.
"Turn round now I'm going to fuck you up the ass!" he smiled, holding his large cock at the base.
"Fuck me hard!" Suzi whispered with a deranged lusty look in her eyes.
Placing her head on the bed, she pushed her ass in the air, arching her back, with her shaved slit and tight asshole on display. Placing both hands on her ass cheeks, she began to pull her cheeks apart, spreading her ass for her new cock.
He leant forward and spat directly on her asshole, causing Suzi to squirm with delight at him treating her like a cheating dirty slut. Her legs began to shake with lust as he placed the head of his cock at her tight opening. Slowly he nudged his cock beyond her sphincter, as her asshole snapped tightly around his shaft, as inch by inch it slid inside her ass. Suzi was moaning crazily, enjoying the stinging sensations his cock was providing. He raised his hand and slapped her right cheek quite harshly. The smacking sound reverberated around the bedroom as Suzi squirmed with sexual delight.
"Yes, please!" she smiled "Spank me! I've been very naughty!" she continued "I've been fucking other men!"
His hand slapped her ass once more as she squirmed and moaned simultaneously.
"You're my slut now bitch!" he snarled "I'm going to leave some spunk in your ass and pussy for your limp dick husband to lick out of you!" He ordered.
Suzi loved the alpha male, especially if it involved humiliating me, and there was no doubt this bull was definitely an alpha male.
"Fuck me please!" she whimpered all subservient like.
He snapped her garter straps off her ass, causing little stinging sensation with each twang.
Suzi moaned with each stinging twang, as his cock plunged in and out of her tight asshole.
"I'm going to cum in your ass!" he snarled "Then you will lick my turgid cock clean!"
Suzi moaned blissfully at his dominance, though his cock would not be turgid as she had performed an enema before we left the house.
Suzi felt his thrusting quicken, as his rock hard cock began to spew his spunk deep in her lower bowels. The heat of his spunk, splashed her anal walls, feeling his cock twitch with every spurt.
The man was a machine, as spurt after spurt flooded her anal passage.
He pulled his cock from her asshole and lay next to her on the bed.
Suzi arched her back and pushed her ass high, keeping his seed in her ass for as long as possible. He edged up the bed, offering his spunk coated semi erect cock to Suzi's panting mouth. She held his sticky cock and fed the sensitive head into her warm inviting mouth.
Her lips and tongue sprang into action as every drop of cum was licked or kissed from his flagging but still impressive cock.
As her tongue swirled around the sensitive head of his cock, he moaned with delight at the blissful sensations, Suzi's expert mouth were delivering to his semi erect cock. As his cock was fully cleaned, Suzi kept licking and kissing his cock, almost worshipping the length, slurping and salivating all over his now growing cock. He grinned with delight that his cock had returned to hardness so quickly, with Suzi unrivalled oral skills.
Suzi looked pleased with herself at restoring his blue steel erection. She lay on her back with her legs wide open, revealing her perfect shaved slit to him.
"Fuck my pussy and spunk inside me please!" she spoke softly, begging him to fuck her.
I was almost bursting with lust watching my wife act so subservient and slutty, just to get a hard cock inside her. He smiled broadly as he climbed between her legs. Holding his cock at the base, he began to feed his long length inside Suzi's hungry slut pussy.
As each inch disappeared inside her, she began to pant uncontrollably.
"Fuck me! Fuck me please!" she kept repeating as he continued sliding his length deeper and deeper.
"You're going to stink of spunk!" he laughed "Your old man will know you've been getting length tonight!" he smiled as Suzi squirmed beneath him.
Wrapping her black stockinged legs around his back, she met every one of his thrusts with one of her own. Their bodies slammed together passionately as her breathing quickened.
"Fuck! Fuck! Fuck!" Suzi repeated as he fucked her deep, slamming the head of his cock against her cervix.
They fucked like this for almost ten minutes, with Suzi enjoying orgasm after orgasm, until he growled.
"I'm going to cum in your slut cheating cunt!" As he emptied his entire load deep inside Suzi's quivering pussy.
Suzi's orgasm coincided with his, as she thrust upward, loving the sensations his hard length were providing. As his orgasm faded, he kissed Suzi gently, squeezing her huge breasts as he continued sliding his spent cock, in and out of her spunk filled cunt.
Suzi returned his delicate kiss, panting with lust as his cock eventually slid out of her pussy.
Breaking the kiss, he leant over Suzi and smiled.
"Anytime you want me to fuck you, just call me! You're the best fuck I've ever had!" he grinned.
Suzi looked up into his eyes, smiled and said.
"Make sure you leave your number. I need to fuck this cock again sometime!"