The passengers filed through the arrivals gate. Pam went up on her tip-toes to better watch for Tanya.
She would be staying through the weekend, until Monday afternoon. Their first meeting, and first night together, had been only a few months ago. Pam nevertheless felt as if she had known Tanya for a long time. They talked with the ease of old friends.
It had been John's idea to invite her. Their children were going to visit Pam's parents. John had taken the opportunity to schedule his once-a-year camping trip with some old college buddies. Pam had quickly realized that she would be by herself. When she had jokingly lamented her future solitude to John, his reply had surprised her.
"Invite Tanya to come stay," he had said. She had thought he was joking, but his straight face had made her realize his seriousness.
"Really?"
"Yeah," he had said, shrugging. "Can't hurt to bring it up."
She had thought for a moment. She wanted Tanya to visit, and since it was the summer, both of them as teachers had time off. And she was pretty sure that Tanya would want to visit. But whether or not she would actually be able to, was a different story.
"So you don't mind that she'd be staying here with me?"
He had smiled, shaking his head emphatically. "Not at all."
"You don't think I should invite her when maybe you'd be home?"
He had shrugged at that.
"Don't you want to meet her?" she had asked, part of her dreading the answer. John had been blown away by Pam's story of her experience with Tanya, of her submission to the beautiful black shemale. When she had told him about Tanya taking her ass, he had been slack-jawed and rapt. Even though he had seemed to hold both of them zero ill will, even sending Tanya a thank-you card like the two women had joked, she had still wondered if he was jealous or distrustful.
Maybe even intimidated.
"I do, and I will," he had said, with a gentle smile. "But this would be your first time seeing her since the conference. I want you to have her to yourself."
Pam loved John. He was a great husband and an equally great father. Sometimes they had fights, like any couple. Sometimes, after all the years they had spent together, they took each other for granted. But it was moments like that, when she found herself falling in love with him all over again.
They had not had to talk about it after that. They could not right away, since Pam had been both delighted and turned on by his words, practically tackling him right away. He had taken her ass, fucking her into a series of trembling orgasms before blowing his load. Luckily the kids had been out, so they had had the luxury of being loud.
John fucking her ass had become a new delight for both of them. Tanya had shown her how good it could feel, and she had not wanted to deprive herself of that pleasure. When she had undressed in front of John after returning home, showing off the butt plug, telling him how Tanya's semen was still there, it had struck some lustful nerve in him. He had promptly removed the plug and shoved his hard prick into the cum-clogged channel. Pam had cum multiple times as he fucked her ass, and it had not taken long for him to add his load to Tanya's. After he had finished, he had re-inserted the plug, and she had gone on to spend the rest of the night with both loads locked inside her. So much spunk had leaked out when she had finally taken it out.
Pam spotted Tanya. She was striding through the crowd, tall and regal, wheeling her suitcase along behind her. Her breasts strained against her t-shirt, her jeans hugging her hips. Pam's eyes drifted down to the crotch; there was a slight bulge, just small enough to dismiss as a random wrinkle of the fabric. Only Pam knew what it really was.
Tanya saw her waiting. A smile erupted on her face, and she hurried over.
"Hey!" she said, pulling Pam into a tight hug.
"Hi Tanya!" Pam replied, hugging her back.
The two women walked back out to Pam's car, chatting as they went. It was cordial conversation, about Tanya's flight, the weather, and the night ahead of them. The evening air was warm and muggy, sweat quickly breaking out on Pam's skin.
Once they got into the car, the air conditioning went on and they drove off.
The two women had chatted a lot since they had met, but it was of course better in person. Tanya's physical presence was different than just video-chatting or talking on the phone. At some point, Tanya put her hand on Pam's bare knee, letting it rest there. Pam wanted it to go higher; she had to remind herself that she was driving.
It was past dinnertime and both women were hungry, so they pulled into a small diner down the road from the airport. It was cheap and the food was good; Tanya had a burger, Pam a wrap. After the meal, they headed towards Pam's home. They chatted about life, like old friends, but the promise of pleasure ahead was distracting Pam. Tanya acted normally, but Pam's panties were starting to get wet. Her mind flashed forward, to the debauchery that would be inflicted upon her when they got home.
Before they got there, however, Tanya noticed a bar at the side of the road, the Half-Empty.
"Oooh, let's go there," she urged, squeezing at Pam's knee.
Pam pulled into the parking lot immediately. She had seen it before, but had never had a reason to go in. To her it looked divey and sleazy.
They walked in, Pam feeling slightly uncomfortable in the dark interior. She was more accustomed to family functions and school events than a dive bar. Tanya, however, was self-assured and confident, as if she owned the place. That helped Pam relax as they took seats at the bar. The bartender was a pretty young woman with dark brown hair and a nose stud, wearing a black belly shirt and jean shorts. She had been chatting with two older bearded men, but noticed the two women right away.
Tanya ordered a beer. Pam, the driver, ordered water. The two women sat, Pam scanning the place. Part of her was nervous that somebody would recognize her.
Tanya's hand landed on her shoulder. She turned back to see a small understanding smile on her face.
"Even if somebody sees you, they'll think we're friends."
Pam nodded. "The friends I have wouldn't be hanging out here anyway. It's just close enough to home to make me a bit nervous."
Tanya grinned, squeezing at Pam's shoulder. "I get it," she said.
Pam smiled back. The bartender came back with their drinks.
"To a fun weekend," Tanya said, raising her glass in a toast, mischievous smile across her lips.
Pam giggled, clinking her glass against Tanya's.
They drank, chatting in between sips. The other patrons paid them no mind, so Pam began to relax a bit more.
Nobody here knows me, and nobody here cares about me.
As they talked, Tanya's hand drifted from Pam's shoulder to her knee, letting it rest there. The motion made Pam glance around instinctively, but she was quickly reminded that her fellow customers had little interest in the two of them. One middle-aged man with a bushy beard and a Nirvana t-shirt glanced at them, but his gaze was more appreciative than inquisitive. His eyes raked quickly over their bodies, lingering slightly longer at Tanya's. Besides that brief ogling, there was little attention paid to them.
"I need to use the ladies' room," Pam said after a little while, slipping off her stool. She was tempted to invite Tanya to follow her. Images flitted through her mind, of Tanya fucking her in the stall, pressing her against a dirty bathroom wall and taking her roughly. But she did not want to risk discovery so close to home; a part of her was still nervous about somebody noticing her, despite the low chance of that occurring in the Half-Empty.
I can wait until we get home.
Tanya, however, could not wait.
When Pam swung open the bathroom door, having finished her business, Tanya was leaning against the wall to her left.
"Hey," was all she said as her strong hands closed on Pam's hips. She pulled the older woman against her for a kiss, Pam pushing herself into Tanya's body at the feeling of those warm lips.
Tanya turned and shoved her against the wall. Pam squealed at the impact; just as quickly, Tanya's hands darted up Pam's skirt to caress her mound through her panties. The two women locked lips, the sounds of the bar still reaching their ears. Casual conversations and the clinking of glass were the background noise to their passionate reunion. Pam slid a hand down between them, feeling a bulge swell in Tanya's jeans.
She opened her lips, and immediately Tanya's tongue slid inside, darting along Pam's, inviting it to a flirty and fierce dance. Their tongues clashed, Tanya's quickly and easily overcoming Pam's, taking a few seconds to taste along the conquered territory.
Her hunger briefly sated, Tanya broke the kiss. She grabbed Pam by the wrist and dragged her down the small hallway, further away from the main room. They reached a nondescript door, and Tanya shoved it open. The warm night air caressed them as they spilled out into a side alley. Tanya pushed her against the wall, moving quickly to undo her jeans.
Pam waited, squirming, feeling the hard bricks of the wall against her back through the fabric of her dress. Her eyes fixed on Tanya's crotch, watching as the other woman freed her cock. The hot length of flesh smacked Pam on the thigh, leaving a smear of pre-cum. Her hand darted down to close around the shaft, her thumb and forefinger barely meeting.
Tanya moved quickly, her hands darting to Pam's thighs, taking a tight grip. Pam squealed as Tanya lifted her; she instinctively closed her legs around Tanya's waist, her dress riding up, that thick cock pressing against her. Tanya yanked up the hem of the dress and reached in between them, aiming her length at Pam's slit. Her panties were in the way, but Tanya remedied that, yanking aside the gusset. She budged forward, Pam holding her breath in anticipation.
That breath was forced out when the head of Tanya's prick pushed in between her lips. It was larger than she remembered, and so was the shaft that began to shove inside her.
She squealed at that hard heat filling her channel, her juices already trickling freely. It helped to lubricate the shaft, allowing more inches to pack her cunt. Her head tilted back, smacking against the wall, a cry bubbling from her lips. Tanya chuckled, pushing her hips forward again, feeding more inches into Pam's soaked cunt.
Another cry came out, her body trembling, as if it recognized that magnificent cock and remembered the time spent in its service.
"Fuck, I missed this pussy," Tanya groaned, pushing forward again.
Pam's only reply was a soft moan, digging her fingers into Tanya's shoulders, anchoring herself as best as she could.
Tanya shoved deeper. Both women moaned. Footsteps sounded as people ambled by the bar, out at the street.
"Seems like I need to break your pussy in again," Tanya grunted. Pam moaned, loving that thought, squirming between the wall and Tanya.
A few more inches and Pam was moaning again. Her pussy was eager to take all of Tanya's prick, but it would take a bit of time to adjust to its size.
If she lived close to me I would be used to it.
Tanya's hot breath tickled her neck. Her hands tightened on Pam's thighs, keeping her pinned to the bricks. Her cock shoved forward, harder this time, Pam grunting as that thick length surged deeper. Her cunt clutched at it, doing its best to take it but momentarily overwhelmed. Tanya paused, taking a few long seconds to enjoy the tight heat gripping her cock.
"Fuck, you feel so good," she grunted. Her mouth moved ever so slightly, finding purchase on Pam's neck. Pam jerked, that heat on her neck making her swoon, Tanya's tongue swirling incessantly on that flesh.
Tanya was gracious enough to let Pam get used to her cock again. She gave her a good few minutes, somehow resisting the urge to fuck hard into the clutching wetness. Pam wanted it, however; she knew she could take it, and was determined to do so.
"Please," she groaned, squirming against Tanya. A few inches were left outside of her slit. Pam wanted them inside her.
Tanya chuckled. "Patience," she chided.
Pam shook her head, gasping. "Fuck patience," she grunted.
Tanya burst out in laughter. "What a dirty mouth you have, Pam."
"You know it's dirty," Pam replied, "You've used it before."
"Yes, I have. And I will again and again."
Pam opened her mouth to say something, but was interrupted by a hard thrust from Tanya. Whatever she had been planning to say came out as a strained grunt as the thickness slid deeper.
"Please," she begged again. "I need it."
Tanya thrust again, forcing more inches into her cunt, forcing it to accept her. Another thrust followed that, and then another, and then Tanya was off, fucking steadily into the drenched slit. Pam whined and whimpered, her pussy not quite fully adjusted yet. Despite that fact, or maybe because of it, the pleasure was intense. White-hot bursts fired off all over her body, bathing her in sensation.
Her hands tightened on Tanya's shoulders, her legs doing the same around her waist. Tanya had a tight grip on her thighs, and the wall kept Pam upright, but it still felt precarious. It only added fuel to the rapidly blazing fire, the idea that she was at Tanya's mercy. Yet again, here she was submitting to this woman, letting her take charge.
Thankfully, Tanya gave her what she wanted, fucking harder now into Pam. Small squeaks of joy spilled from her lips as that hard length possessed her.
One particularly hard thrust sunk the entirety of Tanya's cock into Pam. Pam had been on the edge of orgasm, and when she felt Tanya's heavy balls push on her taint, it triggered the release. She shivered as the pleasure broke, her pussy bathing its conqueror in fragrant juices.
Through the orgasm, Tanya fucked her still, speeding up as well. Her balls slapped hard at Pam's flesh, sending her fluids flying at each impact. Both women's thighs were slick with sweat and Pam's juices.
Pam moaned, coming back down to earth, her pleasure receding to where she could think again. The sounds of their passionate fuck came back to her: Tanya's harsh breathing, the rhythmic beating of skin on skin, the wet squelching of Tanya's prick stirring Pam's pussy, the occasional footsteps from the street. That last sound sent shivers up her spine, at the knowledge that anybody could take a quick turn down the alley and watch the salacious display. The two women were in public, but in a dark little corner in the shadow of this seedy establishment.
Her cunt was broken in now, quickly adjusted to Tanya's entire length and girth. It pumped back and forth, reaching deep in her, tickling those places she had previously not known. Tanya had her head buried in Pam's neck as she began to fuck harder, hammering into Pam; the shemale had felt Pam's pussy submit, so she was now going to give it everything she had. Her grunts and growls rasped along Pam's ear as she began to pummel Pam's pussy, reminding it of their first night together. The sluttish housewife cried out in supplication, kissing feverishly at Tanya's exposed neck. The women were locked in carnal abandon, fucking like wild lovers in the gritty alley.
"I'm gonna cum," Tanya announced. Pam whimpered, groaned, tried to beg her to cum, tried to urge her on, but the fierce fucking was commanding her entire focus. Her voice was relegated to letting Tanya know how good it felt to be fucked, and her mind was busy taking in all the sensations, so she could not talk coherently.
Luckily for Pam, Tanya was going to cum regardless of whether or not Pam would beg. Her cock hammered ruthlessly into its reacquired territory, chugging along on the path to orgasm.
One last thrust sunk Tanya's shaft into Pam, the thick cock hilting, her twitching balls pressing at Pam's taint. The fullness of that magnificent prick inside her pushed Pam into another quivering climax. Her pussy clutched at the shaft, and the shaft responded, jerking in her depths as a creamy load surged up the length.
When the first blast bathed Pam's womb, her orgasm sharpened, the pleasure burning hotter. She mewled, more bursts of seed flowing through her gates, invading her inner sanctum, her womb yet again a receptacle for Tanya's potent seed. Tanya ground against her, letting loose with rope after rope of cum, caught in orgasmic fervor. The two women moaned in lustful abandon as they pushed each other to higher levels of pleasure. The flow kept going, Tanya depositing her load in Pam's cunt, painting every inch of it white, her muscles trembling as she held tightly to Pam.
As the last few spurts battered Pam's womb, Tanya began to let her down, slowly but surely. Pam let her legs fall from Tanya's waist, and managed to find footing despite still being in the orgasmic haze. She slumped against the wall, breathing heavily, sweat running down her neck.
"Fuck, baby," Tanya purred, winding a hand into Pam's hair, "that was just like I remembered."
Pam giggled, and then moaned when Tanya pulled her in by the hair, closing her mouth over Pam's in a hard kiss. She opened her lips for Tanya's tongue, reveling in the closeness, reaching out instinctively for the still-erect cock inches from her. Her dainty hand closed around it, the shaft slick with juices, the warm flesh reacting to her touch. Tanya growled into her mouth, pressing her cock into that soft grip.
A rare breeze tickled the two women as they made out, Pam slowly stroking Tanya. Her dress had quickly scrunched back down around her waist, covering her mound. Her cunt felt full and warm, the swollen lips still twitching ever so slightly as if still desirous of what Tanya had to offer, as if not yet sated.
Tanya broke the kiss, trailing down to Pam's neck, sucking at the skin there. Pam cooed, her hand moving down to cup Tanya's balls, weighing them in her hand, brushing a finger over the crinkled flesh. They felt warm and heavy, even with a recent load having been spilt.
"Get on your knees," Tanya commanded. Pam obeyed.
She needed no further order. All she did was lean forward and run her tongue up Tanya's shaft, tasting their combined fluids. It aroused her so much, knowing it was both of them she was savoring. Pam groaned, thrusting a hand down to her slit, trailing a few fingers along the length of the lips.
Her kisses and licks were gentle and tender, thanking this majestic prick for the pleasure it gave her. She left no inch untouched in her endeavor.
It did not take long for Tanya to change tack. She wound a hand into Pam's hair, and the housewife knew immediately what her temporary owner wanted.
Pam opened her mouth wide. Her fingers squelched along her slit as Tanya's cock pushed its way between her soft lips, sliding along her tongue, shoving into her throat. She gagged slightly, but recovered quickly. Tanya hummed appreciatively, stroking Pam's hair as she fed her more and more. Pam moaned as her throat was forced to accept every fat inch until her mouth bulged with cock. The movement of Tanya's cock was exquisite as it reclaimed her gullet, but for Pam it was about the destination, not the journey. So it delighted her when Tanya's abs pressed into her nose and those delectable testicles brushed against her chin. It meant that she had taken all of Tanya.
Her fingers sped up along her slit. Pam needed little else to orgasm; another eager submission to this majestic woman was the only necessary impetus for her climax. Soft gurgles spilled out around the cock plugging her throat. Tanya watched the pleasure wash over her face with an amused smile.
"Ready?" Tanya asked, once Pam's climax abated.
Pam moaned in affirmative. It was muffled by the thick length of flesh crammed down her throat.
Tanya pulled back, giving Pam a great view of her ebony shaft, gleaming with saliva. That view was short-lived, as that shaft plunged back into her mouth. Tanya pulled back again, giving Pam more inches to gaze at, before thrusting back inside, her balls slapping against Pam's chin.
Another breeze tickled them both as Tanya used Pam's mouth. Her pace was steady, letting Pam get used to having her throat ravaged again by a thick, meaty prick. The concrete was cold and hard on her knees, but Tanya's shaft was all she cared about. It was in fact the reason she was on her knees, to better please it. That shaft gave her so much pleasure; she felt she owed pleasure back to it.
Pam's fingers played still at her slit, one daring digit sliding up to her clit, brushing along the nub, making Pam suck feverishly at that mass of meat in her gullet. Her saliva ran down her lips and chin, sticking to her skin, dripping down to the concrete. Tanya's balls collected that slick spit with every thwack against Pam's chin, and the next impact slathered more of it along Pam's flesh.
"Looks like we have an audience," Tanya commented suddenly.
Pam panicked briefly, her mind flashing to the identity of the onlooker.
Do they know me? Would they recognize me?
"Don't worry, babe," came Tanya's purr, "it's the bartender."
Pam immediately relaxed. She had never seen the bartender before today, and most likely would never see her again unless she came back to the Half-Empty.
That's not likely to happen.
"Do you like what you see?" Tanya asked.
"Yes," came a soft, husky voice.
"Come here," Tanya commanded. Pam moaned, aware that the dominant tone was not for her, but turned on all the same.
Footsteps sounded close to them. A few moments later, the bartender came into Pam's view. She stood next to Tanya, gazing down at Pam and her slutty situation.
"What's your name?" Tanya asked, still casually pumping her cock into Pam's gullet.
"Alex," the bartender said, eyes wide at the sight of the two women.
"I'm Tanya, and this is Pam."
Alex just gazed, as if numb to what she was seeing.
"Never seen a shemale before?"
Alex shook her head. "No," she whispered. Her hand drifted down to her shorts, but stilled there.
"I'll bet you want this cock," Tanya proclaimed, smug smile crossing her lips.
Alex nodded. "Yes."
"You can have some, but only if Pam wants to share."
With that, Tanya pulled her cock from its temporary sheath. She looked from Alex to Pam.
"What do you say, slut? Want to share?"
Alex had bit her lip at the word 'slut'. Pam saw the desire in her eyes and recognized it. This girl had seen Pam being used and wanted the same.
I can't keep that from her.
"Of course," she said.
Tanya smiled. "Get on your knees," she ordered Alex, who swiftly complied.
Now the housewife was accompanied by the bartender. Pam glanced at her, taking quick stock of her curves, the swell of her breasts, the way her shorts clung to her hips and ass. A strip of pale flesh was revealed in between her shirt and shorts.
"Open your mouth," Tanya commanded Alex. Again, Alex complied quickly.
Tanya's cock was quickly sheathed in Alex, who proved to be orally talented as she swallowed inch after inch. Her fingers darted to the zipper of her shorts, and they pushed inside once she slid it down. She moaned around that fat prick, Pam briefly jealous despite her desire to share. But there was more than enough of Tanya to go around.
Pam and Tanya had the same idea. Pam's eyes zeroed in on her target, just as Tanya's commanding voice cut through the silence.
"Suck my balls," she ordered Pam.
Pam was already on the move, and she eagerly closed her lips around a testicle. As Tanya began to use Alex's mouth, Pam enjoyed the taste of Tanya's musk. Wet sucking sounds filled the alley from both Alex and Pam. One was being used like a hole for cock, the other obediently laving at Tanya's cum-laden testicles. Pam switched back and forth, lapping and licking, listening to Alex's sluttish moans, realizing that she herself had recently sounded just like that. Her fingers matched Alex's, rubbing along her slit, teasing her aroused clit.
"Switch," Tanya ordered. They obeyed, Alex giving Pam a quick, thankful smile before descending to Tanya's balls. Pam watched her worship those delicious orbs for a second before turning to open her mouth for Tanya's use. That thick cock slipped along her tongue, driving deep into her throat.
Tanya started up a rhythm, smoothly pumping her shaft in between Pam's lips, grunting as she looked down at the housewife obediently taking her cock. Wet sucking sounds came from just below Pam; when she glanced down, she could see the side of Alex's head as the bartender suckled lustily at Tanya's balls.
Her eyes traveled back up to Tanya, who was smiling, running a hand through Pam's hair again. The smooth strokes of her cock made Pam gurgle and groan, her tongue going wild, doing its best to taste every inch of Tanya's rock-hard flesh. Her fingers were driving up her pleasure, making her body quiver in anticipation of another climax. She trapped her clit in between two fingers and tweaked it; the act made her groan louder onto Tanya's cock, which made Tanya grit her teeth.
"Do that again, slut," she ordered. Pam did not have to fake a moan.
"Switch again," Tanya commanded. Alex came off Tanya's balls, saliva dripping from her chin. Pam watched as Tanya's prick left her mouth; she watched Alex swallow every inch of it again before she went down to Tanya's balls and sucked, bathing the orbs in her spit.
Her orgasm hit her quickly; Pam whimpered with a mouthful of heavy testicles, marveling at how warm and full they felt. Quivers broke out along her body, from head to toe, her cunt clutching at her fingers.
Tanya chuckled. "You came again, huh?" she teased.
"Mmm-hmm," Pam said, lapping greedily, loving the taste of Tanya that dominated her taste buds. Her fingers went quickly back to work inside her panties.
"Slut," Tanya teased, making Pam moan again.
She let Pam gorge on her balls for a few more moments, but then she dragged her off them.
Pam mewled in disappointment, but Tanya smiled at her.
"Don't worry, I just didn't want you to get hurt."
"What do you mean?"
Tanya kept smiling; her eyes flickered down to Alex, who was busy sucking loudly and lewdly at the shaft buried in her gullet.
"I'm gonna fuck her face. Wouldn't want you to get in the way of that."
Pam frowned. "But that sounds like fun."
Tanya laughed. "Yeah, it does, but I want you to stay put for now. Okay?"
Pam nodded, biting her lip. "Okay."
Tanya smiled. "Good."
Her fingers sped up as she watched Tanya start to up her pace. She began to use Alex's mouth, much in the same way she had used Pam's before. The bartender stayed on her knees, fingers working steadily in her shorts, her lips stretched wide around thick cock. She moaned and spluttered at the oral treatment, her eyes staring up at the woman ravaging her mouth.
Just watching the action was getting Pam very hot, watching as another slut took Tanya's cock.
This is probably what I look like taking Tanya's cock. Only Alex is younger.
Tanya grunted, her hips flying back and forth. Her balls slapped roughly at Alex's chin, leaving smears of saliva. She hunched over as she kept going, fucking hard, sweat rolling down her face. All Alex did was moan and masturbate as her mouth was made into a hole for Tanya's pleasure.
This is not the first time she's been in this position.
"Fuck, I'm gonna cum," Tanya growled. Pam whimpered, wanting that load so terribly, but knowing that she should be nice enough to share it with Alex.
Tanya had other ideas, however.
Her hand darted out to drag Pam over in front of her, the slutty housewife groaning at the action. At the same time, Tanya pulled out, leaving the bartender a gasping mess. She took her cock in a hand, and aimed it at Pam's face.
"I want your cum," Alex whined, sidling up to Pam, pressing herself against her. Pam was focused on that cock in front of her. She licked her lips as she watched Tanya jerk herself to a finish.
"You're not my slut," Tanya told her. "Pam is, and that's why she gets my cum."
Pam moaned.
Alex pouted. "Please, Tanya, please," she whimpered.
"If you want my cum so bad..." Tanya growled, her hand flying up and down the shaft, aimed right at Pam.
A few seconds later, the first spurt burst out onto Pam's forehead. She moaned, her fingers teasing again at her clit, her orgasm so close. More spurts followed as Tanya blew her load all over Pam's upturned face, marking the housewife with her thick, hot seed. It practically sizzled on her flesh, splattering onto her cheeks, spurting against her nose, sliding and dripping all over, leaving her face a cum-painted mess. Pam came in the midst of the storm of spunk, her orgasmic juices sticking to her fingers. Her moans resulted in a few spurts splashing against her tongue, making her shiver, her climax pulsing higher at the taste of that sweet cream. Tanya moved forward and pressed the head of her cock against Pam's cheek. One last spurt dribbled out onto her chin, joining the rest of her load on Pam's face. Tanya stepped back, taking a long, admiring look at Pam, now with a load of warm, potent seed coating her pretty features.
"...then lick it off my slut's face," Pam heard Tanya finish. "But only if she says you can."
Pam felt Alex press against her side, panting with desire.
"Please?" came her whine. "Please let me have some of her cum?"
Part of Pam felt like a mom in the situation, dealing with a girl who wanted something badly. This time it was not a snack, or a puppy, or an extra hour before bedtime. It was a heaping helping of thick, warm semen. She felt like laughing at the incongruity.
"Of course," she said, smiling. Just as before, she was not about to deny Alex the pleasure she herself had experienced.
Alex practically squealed with delight, quickly pouncing. She licked up the side of Pam's cheek, dragging her tongue through the mess of spunk, lapping the rich strands up, moaning at the taste. Pam shivered as one of Alex's hands cradled her neck, to position her face to better clean up the creamy semen. The other hand worked still in Alex's shorts.
Tanya smiled down at Pam. Pam smiled back, feeling that warm tongue slide eagerly along her skin.
"How does it taste?" Tanya asked.
"So good," Alex moaned. She made her way down Pam's face, leaving little kisses along her cum-slicked lips, reaching the other cheek, gorging on that new expanse of gooey seed. Soft moans spilled from her as she eagerly cleaned Pam's face off. Pam squirmed, reaching out and running her hand along Alex's side. The bartender pressed herself against Pam in response, enjoying how Pam stroked the strip of bare flesh between shorts and top. Alex was curvier than Pam, her skin softer and fuller. Pam took time to explore those curves.
Alex continued her journey, sliding up to Pam's forehead. The viscous cum sticking to her skin quickly fell prey to the younger woman's hunger.
"She really does like my cum," Tanya said. Pam giggled, running a hand up to squeeze Alex's breast. The other woman moaned happily at that touch, taking hold of Pam's hand, guiding it along her chest, to the other breast. Pam stroked, squeezed, sampled that round globe, testing its heft.
Pam snuck a glance up to Tanya. The shemale was leaning against the wall, having long since pulled her pants back up. Her arms were crossed over her chest, her eyes twinkling with delight at the tableau in front of her. She winked at Pam.
"Fuck, her cum tastes so good," Alex whimpered, nuzzling herself against Pam as she kept cleaning off her face. She was scooping up errant spots of cum on Pam's nose, lips, and chin, leaving more affectionate, dainty kisses to boot.
"Bet it tastes better off her face," Tanya commented, grinning.
Alex's hand worked faster in her shorts, stuttering breaths coming faster as she finished cleaning up Pam's face. She gasped suddenly, the gasp turning into soft whimpers. Her curvy frame pressed harder against Pam's slimmer one, the two women entangled as Alex came, her orgasm fueled by her fingers and the taste of Tanya's seed.
Pam let the younger woman shiver against her for a few long moments. Her hot breath brushed along Pam's skin as she recovered.
"Let's go back inside," Tanya said, holding out a hand to help Pam up to her feet. She took it, and once standing, pulled her dress back down. Alex stood alongside her, slightly shaky on her feet, and followed the two of them back inside.
Tanya and Pam took their seats again at the bar, spending some more time chatting. Every so often, Alex would come over, either to refill their drinks or for other business down at their end of the bar. Whenever she did, she would blush and bite her lip. She seemed taken with the two women.
*****
The streets of Pam's neighborhood were empty, the suburban population asleep, or at least inside their houses. Everything looked idyllic and normal, even at night. That fact made Pam feel like she was doing something incredibly illicit, taking Tanya home at night, with none of her neighbors knowing that she would spend the weekend as a submissive slut to this beautiful woman.
Muggy summer air assaulted the two women as they went from car to house. Once inside, Pam turned the central air on, taking a moment to enjoy the sudden breeze emanating from nearby vents.
"Want the grand tour?" Pam asked Tanya.
"Of course," Tanya said, smiling, "as long as it ends in the bedroom."
Pam smiled back, and set off, leading the other woman along. There were many things in her life that she was proud of; this house was one of them, well-kept and decorated as it was. Given that they were in the living room, the tour started there, with Pam showing off baby pictures from the mantle and college graduation diplomas hung on the walls.
Next came the dining room, elegantly outfitted with a mahogany table and chairs. One of John's best friends, in fact one of the friends he was spending the weekend with, dabbled in carpentry, and had given it to the couple as a wedding gift. Pam could not help but regale Tanya of the time two of her children had gotten into a food fight. It had been very hard to get angry when one child had a face clumped with mashed potatoes, and the other smeared with gravy.
The kitchen was next; Pam considered it her sanctum. She was the primary cook in the family, unless it involved grilling, which John lay claim to as his domain. Not only did she cook for her family, but also for her own enjoyment. Some people found cooking to be a stress, but Pam loved to try out new recipes or just go back to old favorites. The only part of cooking she did not like was washing dishes, but John was always perfectly willing to help in that regard.
God, I love that man.
The following stop of Pam's tour was the lounge, which was John's sanctum, as it contained the TV he used to watch sports, as well as his vintage vinyl collection and record player.
After that, Pam briefly showed off the backyard, complete with deck and in-ground swimming pool. With the first floor portion done, the two women headed upstairs.
Pam showed off her kids' rooms, and then came the last stop.
"You've got a beautiful home," Tanya said, almost wistfully, sitting on the edge of Pam and John's king-size bed.
"Thank you," Pam answered, blushing. She came over to Tanya, who quickly dragged her into her lap. Their lips met in a kiss, one that quickly grew heated and passionate. Tanya fell back onto the bed, her hands running up Pam's dress, finding her panties. She growled lustfully into the kiss as she tore them down and off, stroking at the dripping slit now vulnerable to her. It was leaking globs of that recently deposited load.
Pam practically ripped her dress off, and followed that up by a hurried un-hooking and discarding of her bra. She was suddenly naked on top of Tanya, and she swooned as the truth of the situation hit her. They had time and privacy.
This is going to be a fun weekend.