My Life with a Huge One (Part Two)
***
Having a huge dick has definitely been a double edged sword. Once it got out that I had a huge cock that became my identity. I wasn't the guy who won the previous years science fair or had one of the highest GPA's in the school. I was the guy with the monster cock. I wont pretend that I didn't embrace this view of me 100% and bathed in the image of me as some kind of super stud. It opened up opportunities for me that a skinny nerd would never ever get. I wanted the whole world to see my dick and I wanted to fuck everyone in it.
I have been used by so many people but I'm far from innocent in these transactions. If someone wants to worship my cock I'm absolutely willing to be worshiped. I think part of the appeal I hold is the dichotomy between my beta appearance and my alpha cock. I've had multiple times where guys have asked me to fuck their girlfriends, possibly because I'm non threatening, yet horse hung. One time a football player asked me to fuck his girlfriend and of course I agreed. He would be there in the room essentially acting as a coach for his girlfriend. She was gorgeous, petite and tight as a drum. I've had a ton of experience in sex so I know how to open a girl up but I could tell this was going to be a problem. She was super nervous and just not an accommodating size. It led me to the belief that maybe this football player was modest or small in size which may explain why he was asking me to cuck him. Either way I didn't care because I was up for fucking his girl.
After nearly half an hour of work on her pussy I got her as far as I was going to get but I knew we were going to have issues. I tried putting my dick in but it was not going. The guy kept telling me to push it in hard, I was slathered in KY jelly but it was not fitting. I just kept pushing and pushing but to my frustration I could not get it in. This is not at all uncommon for me but in any other case I would have given up because I risk harming the girl. Also, most girls ask me to stop but this girl was following the direction of the guy who seemed unconcerned about her pain. I finally managed to push my way too large penis in her way too small hole several inches and the girl looked in agony. We were, in fact, both in pain as it felt like I was in a vice and every time I pushed, my dick bent in a sickening manner. The guy was having a ball as we were both in pain and every inch I pushed in was a struggle. I was in maybe half way or about six inches and the girl looked like I was killing her. She was shouting in pain and gripping the sheets and I was clearly hitting her cervix only adding to her pain. Her boyfriend just wanted me to keep going and put the whole thing in as if that could possibly happen without putting her into intensive care. I had never continued on with a girl in this much obvious pain and I finally couldn't take it anymore and pulled out for mercy's sake.
After I pulled out I looked down and saw the damage I'd done and it was appalling. The girl was red, torn up and gaping. The entire appearance of her pussy was altered. It looked like a bloody war zone and I was the torpedo that struck her. I felt absolutely terrible and was worried that I might have permanently damaged her vagina. Meanwhile the dude is like, 'damn, man, you fucked the SHIT out of her.' I told the fellow I had to go to take care of something and he slipped me $20 and thanked me. It would have been better if he had punched me in the face with the way I was feeling.
The average vagina simply was not intended to have a coke can thick object inserted into it. Regardless of how much a girl is up for it I generally cannot get it in and the idea of going balls deep is nearly impossible. In my heart I felt awful for what had happened but there was a part of me that felt the power of having a literal weapon between my legs. I saw what my cock was capable of and felt more than a twinge of arousal. I would never allow this situation to reoccur but it turned me on that I was capable of such an alteration of a beautiful girl's pussy.
I only cared about the girl as a fellow human being but it occurred to me that I could also do this to a girl I cared about intimately. Girls have used me left and right but I have never had a girlfriend so to speak. My reputation as a big dick fucking stud has been made but at the expense of my reputation as a possible boyfriend. Even the thought of having sex with just one girl is inconceivable. I may never have a girlfriend because I would need to find the exact right girl who accepts me for who I am and can accept what I have and I do mean that literally. It feels as if I have become nothing more than the meat between my legs. Is that the worst thing in the world? Maybe not.