An erotic happening while on holiday proves an amazing turn on for a broadminded couple.
Jim and Sally had spent an enjoyable first day on the Greek island of Crete. They had been looking forward to winding down and relaxing in the sun. Nothing too strenuous had been planned, the intention was to make the most of the beach, the pool and frequent the Tavernas' the locals use enjoying authentic Greek delicacies.
Enjoying a glass of wine in the cool of the late evening air, Sally stepped out onto the balcony of their apartment. She had leaned against the low wall that divided their balcony from the one next door when a voice startled her.
'Lovely evening isn't it.'
Turning swiftly toward the adjoining apartment Sally came face to face with it's occupant, an older man who looked around 60yrs old.
'Sorry if I made you jump - I thought you'd seen me sitting here.'
Sally, laughed nervously. 'No, actually I hadn't, but it's okay. We've only arrived today, so are just starting to relax.'
'I've been here three days now, here on my own. The name's Dennis, but I'm usually known as Den, pleased to meet you. I expect you have an husband with you, too?'
Once again Sally laughed, 'I'm Sally, and yes, I have brought a husband with me!'
'Your own - or borrowed someone else's?'
'All my own - he's sat just in the door way here. His name is Jim.'
'That's a pity, I thought I might have struck lucky and got myself some female company!'
'Hard luck pal!' Jim shouted, good humouredly. 'She's spoken for!'
'Well, at least I got to chat with your lovely wife, Jim!'
The couple liked his directness and weren't in the least offended.
'No problem with you chatting with her, Den,' Jim called out. 'And you won't be the first man to admire her.'
Suddenly, Sally felt an embarrassing, slightly shocking, realisation. When they had returned from the Taverna, she had unbuttoned her blouse to let the air cool her down. Feeling so relaxed sipping her wine, listening to the noise of the crickets, it had simply not registered that most of her breasts were on show as she stood chatting to the older man; her bra only just about covering her nipples. Jim was busy knocking back a large whisky while he flicked through a travel brochure reading about the local history, so he hadn't noticed either.
What to do next? Well, Sally decided she would look pretty silly if she rushed back inside in a panic. After all, during the course of the week, their neighbour would no doubt get to see her wearing her very scant bikinis. Though the bra she wore was sheer and very low cut. Now her eyes had adjusted to the darkness she could see Den more clearly and saw his gaze was focusing on her body. The low dividing wall was less than a metre high.
Too late to worry about it or panic - she thought - though she could have quietly fastened up her blouse, she remained standing near the wall facing Den, happy to let him ogle her. However, she was just a little shocked when he unexpectedly stood up, picked up his drink and sauntered over to stand directly opposite her. Sally, saw he was not wearing much either; not shorts, as she thought in dim light but swimming trunks. She tried her best not to let her eyes linger on the sizeable bulge, though she couldn't help but wonder if he was getting an erection from seeing her sheer bra or whether he was very well-endowed! If Den had noticed how her eyes kept darting to his crotch area it certainly didn't bother him. The couple carried on chattering away, making small talk.
When Jim started to move around in the apartment they decided it was time to finish their conversation; but not before Jim stepped out and introduced himself properly. Now he couldn't help but notice the eroticism of the situation. Jim didn't move due to fact he didn't care if the bulge in his swimming trunks left nothing to the imagination, while Sally remained still because she wasn't sure how to react now her husband had joined them. After another five minutes of stilted, slightly awkward conversation the threesome parted company and went inside their respective apartments.
'He seems a nice man,' Sally said.
'Well, he should be smiling after getting a good look at your tits!' Jim told his wife.
Sally, tried to explain. 'I'd forgotten I'd unfastened my blouse!' she told Jim. 'I didn't want to make myself look silly and panic. Anyway, he'll see more when I'm sunbathing. I think he's harmless enough. Probably not had a thrill like that for ages!'
'Well, if you enjoyed it so much, you'll have to give the old guy a few more treats like that!'
'Don't be so sarcastic!' Sally snapped.
'Like you say, he's seems harmless. And on his own, so a bit lonely, probably deserves a bit of excitement. I wasn't being sarcastic. He won't be the only man ogling you this week, will he? The others never faze me out, so no reason why he should.'
Sally never answered, but was thoughtful. Den probably did feel a bit lonely being on holiday by himself. Anyway, it was only a bit of fun and after all, like most women, Sally liked to be admired.
The following morning was very hot. After a small breakfast Jim, a keen swimmer decided to try out the pool.
'Coming for a swim?' he asked his wife.
'No, I think I'll spend the morning working on my tan,' Sally answered.
All was quiet next door so Sally, thinking Den must have gone out felt comfortable taking off her bikini top. No one from below would see her anyway. Taking out her sun cream she began to apply it to her breasts, that hadn't seen the sun since last summer. She lay relaxed gently rubbing the cream around her nipples and lily white skin, working it around her orbs and areola.
'Wish I could be doing that for you.' Den's voice rang out.
Standing looking over the low wall, Den's eyes were out on stalks gazing at Sally's naked breasts.
Again she had been taken by surprise and caught out.
'No need to look embarrassed,' Den told her, 'Nothing I haven't seen on the beach.'
Sally, not sure if she'd misjudged Den - maybe he was a pervy sort of guy - nevertheless continued to massage the cream into her breasts. She gave a little chuckle before resuming to lie back and close her eyes feeling the sun on her skin and trying to ignore the fact the man was still stood lustfully feasting his eyes on her almost naked body.
Down below in the pool, Jim who had swam several lengths had noticed the older man appear on the balcony and knew by the fact his head hadn't changed position he must be ogling his wife. Jim was very aware that his wife by now would have discarded her bikini top and could well picture what Den would be looking at.
'Are there any other bits that you need to expose to the sun - make your tan complete?'
Sally was now very aware that Den was being overtly sexual, rather than just trying to be witty.
'Yes, but not today.' Sally answered,
'Take it your husband is out?' Den asked.
'He's down in the pool. He spends a lot of time swimming when we're on holiday.'
'I see. So he'll be down there a while.'
Sally knew why he was asking but gave the answer she knew he wanted to hear.
'Yes, it'll be a while before he comes back up.'
She heard Den take in a deep breath. 'That's good,' he said. You don't mind if I stand here and admire the view, do you?'
Sally could feel his lustful stare running over her body, she partly opened her eyes to check if she was right. Sure enough the man was almost drooling at the mouth. Sally felt her heart beat a little faster.
'It's your balcony, you can do whatever you like. You're entitled to stand wherever you want - you've paid for the apartment.'
When she had sneaked a peep at Den, Sally had also checked the state of arousal of her nipples. Without fail, the slightest hint of sexual excitement made them hard and erect. Sure enough her naturally large nipples were at maximum erection. Sally opened her eyes fully and looked at her neighbour.
'You have a lovely body, Sally. You are a very sexy woman.'
Wondering if Jim was on his way up, Sally thought she'd better check; and to save her getting up and peering over the balcony topless, who better to get to do the job than Den.
'Can you just look down at the pool and check if my husband is still swimming?'
Den looked and told her Jim was indeed still swimming.
'I'll keep an eye on him and let you know when he's on his way - give you time to cover up.'
Sally wanted to make clear, he had misunderstood why she had asked him to check. Tell him she wasn't lying lying on the sun-lounger topless for his benefit, just so he could enjoy the thrill of looking at her bare breasts. But she never said a word.
'I'll have to go in a minute anyway, we will be going a stroll then having some lunch. I need to have a quick cool down under the shower and put some clothes on.'
Den smirked at her. 'That would be a lovely sight. You've got me quite aroused now!'
When Sally gave off one of her nervous laughs, Den told her her husband had left the pool and was on his way. The man then disappeared and Sally reached for her bikini bra.
Jim walked in the apartment towelling his wet body.
'He soon made himself scarce, didn't he?'
'What do you mean?' Sally asked.
'I mean he soon shot off. I can well imagine what he's been looking at. I know exactly how long he's been hanging over the wall. Probably been playing with himself too, while he's been lusting over you.'
Jim wasn't going to ask if she'd been topless; he knew her holiday routine.
Over lunch Sally brought up the subject of Den.
'I won't chat to him any more if it's going to cause trouble,' she told Jim.
'No, it's okay. I just had to laugh at the way he thinks he's getting one over on me then making a quick exit, making it obvious he feels guilty and showing that he has sexual thoughts and desires about you.'
'A lonely man that we both said was 'harmless enough,' Sally reminded her husband.
'If it gives you a turn on, let him carry on!' Jim told his wife.
'I'm not sure if you are being sarcastic. I can hardly order him to stop using his balcony because I happen to be sunbathing topless. You don't complain when I'm on the beach topless and men stare at me.'
'Perhaps it's because that on the beach the men don't get so close. But you're right - I'll stop making a big deal about it.'
'You used to say, seeing men ogling me, gave you a turn on. You encouraged me to flash on purpose.'
Jim gave his wife a wicked smile. 'Okay, carry on letting him lust over you and we'll see if it does give me a turn on! How far dare you go?'
'He's just enjoying the view - it's giving him a little thrill. Probably been a long time since he's come close to seeing a woman in a state of undress. He does sound a bit pervy, sometimes, but I don't think he's any intention of trying to take it further. If he wants to come and chat over the balcony as an excuse to enjoy the view I don't mind'
The subject of the conversation kept popping up throughout the evening until both experienced a growing arousal. By the time they went back to their apartment they couldn't wait to have sex. Jim mentioned that they were making so much noise that their neighbour might be able to hear their lovemaking. The thought was exciting, and neither Jim nor Sally made any attempt to be more discreet.
After breakfast the following morning Jim told Sally he'd spend more time in the pool.
'I'll join you for a while then I'll come back up here and soak up the sun,' Sally told him.
They heard their neighbour shuffling around on his balcony. Sally, put on just the bottom half of her bikini then slipped a thin shirt on, leaving it unfastened.
'I'll go out on the balcony while you're getting ready,' she told her husband.
Jim watched her step out, her breasts on full view under the unbuttoned shirt. He heard Den call good morning and saw Sally turn and walk up to the low wall instead of sitting on the sun lounger. Taking a peek he saw how his wife was stood just inches away from Den, who also remained standing. They made small talk, but Jim noticed the old man never took his eyes away from his wife's large, and now erect nipples. With only the thin decorative breeze blocks of the wall separating them, and Den standing right against the wall Sally's tits were almost touching the man's chest. She was intentionally exhibiting her self trying to arouse the older man.
Jim remained standing just out of view to see what might transpire.
'Are you going out this morning?' Den asked her.
'I'm going down to the pool with Jim. When I've had a swim I'll be coming back up and spending time on the balcony. What about you, Den?'
'I thought I'd take a dip too - I bought myself a new pair of swimming trunks. Do you think they look okay or are they a bit too brief and tight for a man my age?'
Jim heard Sally give off what sounded like a naughty grin.
'Well, you're still in good shape Den. You'll give the younger lads a bit of competition - you'll have the ladies swooning when they see you in those!'
'Had I'd better go and change them - are they a bit too much, you know, too revealing?'
'Hell no, Den! Keep them on. You're on holiday - have some fun! It's my turn to be naughty and ogle you. Maybe I should go back inside and cover up, by the looks of it, I'm not helping, standing here with no bra on. It's looks as though it could feel a bit uncomfortable - no wonder they feel tight!'
'Oh, I'll put up with that Sally - you look bloody great. Well, you can obviously see the effect you have on me. I'd better wait while I settle down before I step out in public - I might get arrested,'
Jim had heard enough and slipped into the bathroom before Sally caught him eavesdropping. He needed relief too! The thought of Sally intentionally giving Den a close up of her ample breasts and erect nipples, standing so close to him, plus hearing the risqué conversation when she openly admired his bulging swimming trunks caused Jim to want to wank like mad at the thought.
The couple splashed about and enjoyed the water. When Den appeared Jim got chance to check out his package. If Sally had seen him erect with his cock pressing tight against his trunks then Jim had to admit it would have been an impressive sight - especially for Sally. An hour passed, with Den occasionally popping over to chat to the couple.
'I think I'll go back up to my apartment now - I'm ready for a little refreshment,' Den said.
Sally turned to her husband. 'I'll go too, leave you to do some serious swimming. I'll go back up with Den and sit on the balcony.'
Jim looked intently at his wife, she smiled back, both knew what thoughts passed through their minds. He watched Sally walk away with the man and could swear he'd detected the bulge in Den's swimming trunks already growing. He kept in the water knowing that Sally would be stripping off her wet bikini - and Den would be there to watch.
On his balcony towelling himself dry, hoping Sally would appear Den felt aroused. Surely enough she stepped out holding a towel. Instead of wrapping it around her she laid it over the sun-lounger and stood looking over the balcony. Den saw her look down at the pool waiting to catch the eye of her husband. When Jim looked up and waved Sally waved back, then simultaneously she unclipped her bikini top and bared her breasts. From his position Jim could see that she had done it in full view of Den. Tantalisingly, he could see enough to know that his wife had taken the towel and wrapped it around her waist. Though he couldn't see much of her lower half he knew Sally was about to take off her bikini bottoms and soon she would be naked. Sally deliberately turned toward Den and smiled at him as she bent and peeled off her remaining garment.
Holding her towel with one hand and the bikini with the other she stretched up to hang them over a little line to dry, knowing her husband was well aware she had let Den watch her strip off. Stepping away from the edge where Jim could no longer see her she began to slowly rub the towel over her legs drying her calves then moving up to her thighs. She was very careful to keep her trimmed bush just barely a whisker away from being revealed. Den kept his eyes on her, his breathing was beginning to sound laboured. Sally stared at his bulging swimming trunks, the outline of his penis was clearly visible.
'Looks like I'm making your trunks swell again.'
'Your husband would have seen you take your bottoms off. Will he not be rushing back up here?'
Sally spoke very slowly with a husky sexual tone. 'He was just inside the door this morning - listening and watching. It's okay - he knows there is a wall dividing us - you are on your balcony, I'm on ours. As long as we stay separated, he'll be fine about it. Why don't you get dry and take your trunks off?'
'Are you sure you want me to do that?'
'Is my husband still swimming?'
Den cautiously glanced over the balcony.
'Yes, he's still swimming.'
'Then you can take off your wet trunks and rub yourself - with the towel.'
Den's cock felt it was bursting out of his swimming trunks. He was incredibly aroused by Sally egging him on to remove his trunks and show her his erect penis. He went and picked up a towel and rubbed round his upper thighs and belly. Placing his thumbs in the waistband he felt his heart beating fast as he peeled off his trunks. There was audible gasps heard from both man and woman when Den's thick hard penis sprang up. Sally slowly let her towel slip and showed Den her neatly trimmed bush and spread her feet wide enough to let him see her slit.
'You're very well endowed Den. Let me watch you rub it.'
Den knew what she meant, she wanted to watch him masturbate. Fastening his hand around his shaft he began to work the foreskin back and forth, exposing the purple head. Sally breathed very heavily as she watched and let her hands fall to her vagina using her fingers to open up her labia, showing Den her inner cunt lips. They both kept their eyes focused on each other, simultaneously masturbating, standing naked and feeling incredibly aroused. They panted for breath, rubbing faster and harder, then as they gave off a little cry they both reached a climax within seconds of each other. Thirty seconds went by before they came down to Earth and recovered their breathe. Den instinctively glanced down at the pool.
'Your husbands not swimming!' Den said alarmed.
Sally saw a movement and turned to the door. Standing there was her husband Jim. Den knew from the look on her face that they had been discovered. While Sally was frozen with shock, Den, frightened of the consequences picked up his towel and hurried back indoors.
'Well, if it wasn't for that little wall between you I'd have caught you both fucking!'
'We didn't go that far - I let him see me naked - and he let me see him.' Sally sounded very ashamed and embarrassed.
'It was a lot more than that - I saw and heard enough to know what you were both doing. You were fingering yourself while he watched - and obviously you were watching him wanking his cock. Am I correct?'
Sally, nodded her head sheepishly. 'Yes,' she admitted, almost in tears. 'Please don't go and hit him - I'm the one responsible for letting it get out of hand.'
Jim stepped toward her and peeled off his wet swimwear, calmly picking up the towel and using it to dry himself off.
'Surprisingly enough I'm not in the mood for fighting,' Jim told her. 'Come inside the room.'
Sally obeyed. When Jim removed the towel from his midriff, Sally saw his dick was stiff as a poker. She looked stupefied and lost for words. Pulling her against him she felt his cock press against her body.
'Did you see him ejaculate?'
She gave a nod of her head.
'I know you reached an orgasm, didn't you? So you must have really enjoyed seeing him cum. Did you enjoy having him watch you finger your pussy?'
'No point me denying it, is there?'
'No, there isn't. There's no point me denying how I feel now, either.'
'What's that?' Sally asked confused.
Jim took her hand and placed it round his hard shaft.
'Next time I want to be here from the beginning. Right now I want to fuck your arse off!'
He pushed her on the bed and quickly mounted her covering her mouth with his lips. Like the previous night they both wondered if the man next door was able to hear their sex romp. Sally hoped he could - then he'd know murder wasn't about to be committed. They fucked hard and long before they finally fell asleep.
Part 2 will follow soon