It's amazing what you can get away with naked when you live on the 4th floor of an apartment complex. Sonya and Marietta sat naked on the patio for about an hour talking about everything like they used to. People were walking below and none the wiser that 1 attractive naked woman, and one other worldly naked goddess were outside on their patio above them.
Sexually satisfied, Sonya had returned to her old self. The only difference is that she was butt naked outside as if it was the most normal thing in the world. Her best friend, Marietta, was also butt naked. While Marietta was more aware of their current situation, seeing Sonya act so fearless and casual made Marietta power through and stick with it. She was still was quite nervous though.
Marietta has had good luck gambling with this new Sonya, so she decided to push her luck. "So does this mean we are a couple now?" she asked.
Sonya replied. "I think it means that we don't really need to find a man right now." She winked back at her friend. "Let's not put a label on what we have. It's obvious you are naked outside for me. I can tell you are nervous. I have no idea why I'm not nervous or ashamed right now. I feel so free and comfortable with myself and this situation. So what if my mind is broken and I don't want to wear clothes right now! I've finally found something I enjoy and I want more of it! Sonya laid back in her lounge chair with a smile. Nudity is going to be something that will always be part of her life," she said.
Marietta got a notification saying her phone was almost out of memory. "Looks like your naked photo shoot on the patio filled up my phone," Marietta teased.
"Looks like you need to put those pictures on my hard drive for safe keeping to free up space," said Sonya.
"Ok. I"ll do that," Marietta said. Getting up, she turned and kissed Sonya on the forehead. Marietta was bent over in such a way that her ass and pussy were very visible in the afternoon sun. "I like it when you show your pussy to the neighbors," said Sonya. Looking in Marietta's eyes, Sonya reached out and flicked Marietta's dangling nipple in a teasing way.
Marietta walked back inside in emotional bliss. Her best friend she used to have to comfort and console has now a super fun sexy friend to be around! "I can be a lesbian for her," Marietta thought to herself.
Sonya closed her eyes laying out naked on the patio. The sun now caressing her goddess body. Marietta was now seated at Sonya's desk so she could move the pictures and video off her phone. The chair was slightly damp from Sonya's juices but smelled heavenly. While metaphorically speaking many writers say a woman's arousal is a musky wonderful. Sonya's scent literally had the hint of honey. "She's her own horny air freshener," Marietta smiled saying under her breath. However, she can't have Sonya ruining all her furniture, she will tell her to use a towel next time.
Marietta plugged up her phone and transferred all the pictures and video to Sonya's hard drive. In that short amount of time, She had taken nearly 50 pictures and one excellent video. Taking care to organize the photos, Marietta put the files in the respective folders. Once the files were verified, she freed up space on her phone.
She turned to look over her shoulder. Sonya was passed out asleep on the patio. It wasn't too hot outside, so she wasn't worried about her friend getting burned. Marietta's pussy started thinking for her again. Looking through the pictures on Sonya's computer, she saw one perfect ass shot. In the photo, Sonya was naked on the patio overlooking the apartment courtyard. It was a full nude barefoot body shot. Her feet were apart and you could see her pussy dripping between her legs. Marietta thought to herself "Someone has to see this."
"Reddot," a popular website with a good user base, came to Marietta's mind. She decided she will make an account and upload Sonya's nudes. It now was Marietta's turn to get horny at the computer. However, out of modesty, she got a super comfy towel to sit on. It was Sonya's chair after all. Walking naked around Sonya's apartment, she was just amazed at how so much has changed in these 48 hours. Sonya's mental illness could have literally been the best thing that has happened to both of them.
Marietta felt right at home. She always went nude in her home. Being able to be bare naked with her best friend and no lover made her quite happy with how things were going. Seated on the towel at Sonya's computer, she decided to make a new account, enable the NSFW settings and upload the one pic of Sony'a ass that Marietta was fond of.
Checking over her shoulder, Sonya was still sleeping soundly. Marietta wanted to do this in secret. Picking a community that featured sexy asses, Marietta did her thing and added a caption, "The start of my nude life". She decided to stay logged in and wait to see what the reaction will be from the other "Reddot" users.
While she waited, it was her turn to masturbate in front of the computer. She put Sonya's nudes on loop and played in her pussy looking at each picture. Marietta had masturbated so much today that her pussy was a little tender from all the stimulation, but she rubbed on. She had enough left in her to cum one more time looking at her naked friend. Sonya truly had a natural super model body. She knew "Reddot" would agree. Maybe this would give Sonya even more confidence.
Marietta's thoughts then shifted to Sonya wanting to be naked all the time. She was so worried when she had left Sonya on the floor in tears crying. Coming back to find her masturbating to porn still naked was a big shift so quickly. What if Sonya really couldn't put clothes on any more? Could she really get away with being naked in public? Marietta's pussy got wetter at that very thought. Is she really getting off putting Sonya in that situation?
Too lost in her arousal, Marietta came with thoughts of Sonya being permanently nude. Sonya's nude pictures were running as slide show on the screen. Marietta had her the best orgasm of the day at the computer.
Meanwhile, Sonya had awoken from her slumber. She felt more alive than she had before she went to sleep. She felt, more free less concerned about her nudity. When she opened her eyes she could see someone walking below wearing clothes. "Ick, clothes," she thought to herself. She got up and stretched making sure all parts of her body got sun before walking back inside.
That's when she saw Marietta playing with herself. Sonya saw the whole scene unfold in front of her. Sonya decided to quietly enter her apartment to watch. To see her best friend pleasuring herself to the pictures she took made Sonya horny again.