The mall was crowded. It was Saturday in winter and everybody needed a break after being stuck inside for a few days. The foot and a half of snow was melting and the streets were finally all cleared. It was amazing to see what a single snowfall could do to people.
Denise and Phil walked with their arms around each other as much as they could, but people had crazy looks in their eyes as they hurried from place to place. Many times somebody practically forced their way between them and they separated, coming back together as soon as they could. It was an odd way to be together, but they kept in contact as much as they could.
Some people would have said they were an odd couple anyway. He was a foot taller than her, blonde hair cropped close while her dark brown hair flowed over her shoulders in waves. His mouth was small and tight, hers was a moderate size with full red lips. He was cut, somewhat muscular and obviously in very good shape. She was soft with a strong swell from waist to ass and hips and with a breast size that fit loosely into a C cup. She sometimes wore firm cups so her breasts moved just a little inside the cups, rubbing her nipples on the material. She loved that sensation of arousal. And she didn't mind showing it.
Today they both wore jeans with their hip length down coats, but he wore black work boots and she wore stylish brown boots that came up to her knees. Her boots had 3 inch heels, another contrast to his flat soles.
They went into the men's store and he bought himself a couple of new shirts. Working a job that required a shirt with a tie, the edges of the collars frayed after a while and he needed to buy new shirts several times a year. This was the day he had designated, and no snowfall was going to keep him from his scheduled shopping day. They walked out with the package and stopped to look around.
"Let's go to the coffee shop," she said. "I'm in the mood for a coffee and there's something I want to talk about."
Phil gave her a look that showed he was curious what she had to say and they headed off to get coffee. Again their differences showed. She ordered a fancy latte, he just got a medium coffee with nothing in it. They found a seat and watched the crowd go by.
Denise had a mischievous look on her face. "Phil, I have a crazy idea, sort of a challenge, and I want to run it past you because you're involved."
His face was set, though not tense, as he looked at her smile. "Trying to pull me into your schemes again? The last time you thought of something crazy I was at least able to toss you a towel so you could come out of the water. I need to stay on the outside and watch when you do these things."
She giggled as she remembered trying so hard to get him skinny dipping, her frustration when he didn't, but then the relief when several families pulled up and got out of their cars. Without him to toss her a towel, she would have been in the water for hours trying not to get arrested for public nudity.
"This has you all set up as my protector. It's about our Saturday night dance time."
His eyebrows went up. Ever since they'd started dating three years ago, they had made Saturday night dance night. They had bounced from place to place for a while, but for the past half year had settled on one place and had gotten known by a few people. He was an ok dancer, but he really enjoyed watching her dance. She had a very sexy way of moving her body and would often get looks, and sometimes requests to dance. He could tell from the looks she gave him that sometimes she wanted to say yes, but he wasn't going to give up his wife to some other guy when she was feeling that sexy.
"Ok, what's your crazy plan this time?" He had too much going through his mind, like the time she had gone to the restroom and came back to him 15 minutes later saying a guy had stopped her outside the ladies' room wanting her to dance with him. He was persistent and she couldn't get past him for a long time. Phil had asked if she had danced to get past him and she giggled and said no, she had shown her ring enough times he finally got the idea.
"Well, you know how I love the attention I get, especially while you're holding me. It's like, look all you want boys, I'm taken. I had an idea to add some spice to that over a couple of months. I got my new year bonus and we've always just let me spend it how I want, but I want to see if you agree with my crazy idea."
He sipped his coffee slowly, noticing how excited she was. That wasn't completely unusual, but she had a bit of a flush on her cheeks, and that was. "Ok, let's hear your crazy idea."
She scooted her chair closer and lowered her voice. "I've done some measuring. If I get a dress that goes 16 inches below my waist, it's closer to my knees than my ass. So I thought today we find me something that long. I wear it when we go to the club for three weeks. Then I buy another dress or skirt, but an inch shorter."
"You have been busy, haven't you? And where did you get this idea?"
"Oh, but it isn't done. Every three weeks I get a new dress or skirt, one inch shorter than the previous one. I'll start showing my ass cheeks at 10 inches, so that's the seventh dress, or 21 weeks. See? We're looking at like 5 months. I'm guessing panties will show at nine inches, maybe eight."
He sipped his coffee again, though it was now getting cool enough to drink. "And where do you end up? With a one inch belt, and then nothing?" He'd seen the look she had on her face. It was usually in the bedroom. Something about her arousal level made him uncomfortable.
"That's where we need a challenge between us. The first one to say enough has to serve the other one for three weeks. I guess if neither of us decides it's enough, then eventually I'll end up in just panties or getting asked to leave."
He tipped his head. "Serve? They have to serve the other?" A thousand possibilities ran through his mind.
Denise giggled and finished her latte. "Just for a short time, you know? Maybe I could have you scrub the kitchen floor naked, leashed, and hobbled." Her smile was broad, but her eyes didn't match the smile. Something was in there, but he couldn't place it.
Now he took a gulp of his coffee and sat back. He didn't intend to lose this, but he was curious what the unspoken part was. Over three years knowing her, and a year and a half of that married, he had never seen her quite this animated and aroused, and he had never seen her so willing to flash a crowd. "Ok, sure, let's get you your starter dress."
She had done more than just her homework. Denise tried on a few dresses and pulled her roll-up soft measuring tape from her purse, handing it to her husband to check the length from her waist. In the third store, she settled on a jade green dress with a V that would dip nearly to her bra, but it was exactly 16 inches below her waist. They noted the two dresses that were 15 and 13 inches for later consideration.
Friday came, then came the last Saturday in January. They had a nice dinner at home and then changed clothes. Denise wore the dress over black panties and a black garter belt to hold up her stockings. If she moved much, the darker tops of the stockings would show, but under normal dancing nobody would know if they were stockings or pantyhose. She kept the heels to a more normal three inches, saying next week would be the higher heels. Her long, dark hair was pulled into three loose pony tails that fell behind her shoulders. Phil had to admit, she really looked hot like that.
He wore a nice dress shirt, medium cut black jeans, and a pair of black leather shoes he had worked hard to break in for dancing. The shirt was a regular cut, but it still showed how much his arms filled the sleeves. His chest fit nicely in the shirt, not straining buttons but filling it out. It was a shame they had to cover up with winter coats until they actually got to the club.
Phil drove and they were in the club before eight. They checked their coats and headed right onto the dance floor. Denise didn't drive, so she left her purse at home. Phil wanted her to keep her phone with her, in case there was a problem and they were separated, but she insisted she didn't want to have excess things to carry around.
After a half hour of dancing, she moved close to him, put her arms over his shoulders and lifted onto her toes to shout into his ear, "I want a drink."
He nodded, but he was also thinking that her reaching up had to raise her hem an inch or two. If she did that in a few months, she'd be showing off whatever she had underneath. This seemed remarkably calculated. He was a young CPA with a promising career ahead of him. Calculations were his life and something just seemed very out of place.
They got their drinks, danced again, then an hour later he got her another drink. When they followed their normal pattern of getting her a third drink around eleven, she danced around him, first back to him, then turning around to rub her chest against him. When she was in front, she reached down to check on him. She pouted a little and lifted herself to his ear.
"Is something wrong with me tonight? That kind of dance usually has you hard as a rock. Tonight there's nothing."
Phil smiled and moved his mouth to her ear. "I'm saving it all for you when we get home."
Now Denise giggled. "I'll be much too tired by then. I want you to make a mess in your pants now." She took a drink, then handed him the glass. "I need the ladies' room."
He watched her walk off through the crowd, wanting to follow her, but deciding not to. There was something different tonight, but maybe it would just reset by next week. Women did have certain things that could have unexpected impacts on their moods, after all.
Some time later, he wished he had checked the time when Denise left. He felt certain a lot of time had passed, but couldn't really know how long it had been. He would have called her, but her phone was at home. Finally he saw her working her way back toward him. She was smiling and as she got to him she took the cup from his hand and drank two gulps.
"I need to start the next round of pee," she giggled and lifted herself to kiss him.
He kissed her back, feeling her pushing her tongue into his mouth. He accepted it, thinking it was a little unusual. They had been at the club for about four hours, so why kiss him now?
They danced for the next two hours, with Denise getting another glass to drink. That, again, was not really unusual, but there was something. One day he would figure it out. Tonight was for dancing and they finished up on the floor when his alarm sounded one in the morning.
They went home and got ready for bed. He was a little horny, she was drunk. It did seem her horny mood was while she was dancing, but then it went away as she got her third drink. He kissed her goodnight and they turned off the lights, settled into bed, and fell asleep.
The next week was a normal week. He went to his job at the accounting firm where he was hoping to become junior partner in a few years. She went to her job working admin at one of the local businesses. The dress thing was in three week sets, so there was no need for shopping. And then it was Friday.
Saturday they did laundry, cleaned the house, and she took a nap in the afternoon. Phil went to the gym and spent almost two hours there, working on his concerns as he built up his body. He wanted to present a, "don't mess with my girl," look, but he was afraid it was being undermined by the very girl he was trying to protect.
This time the night passed without any incidents, but she had four drinks. When they got home in the early morning, she was once again in no condition for sex. They had made love twice during the week, but it seemed odd to him that while she was showing off her legs, and acted so horny at the club, she didn't have anything left when they got home. He tried to remember back and accepted that about half the time before the dress game she was too drunk for sex. Well, two weeks down, one more week with this dress.
On Wednesday he got a surprise. He was finishing up at work when Denise called him to say she had been given a priority project and she needed to work late. She explained what the plan was for dinner and told him to go ahead and eat if he wanted to. She hoped to be home by seven.
On his drive home, Phil thought about the call. In the three years he had known Denise, she had never been asked to work late. Maybe it was just his suspicion from the other things, but he was becoming convinced that something was going on. He just needed to act as natural as he could until he could catch her in it and bring it to a head.
He waited and when she got home he gave her a big hug. She laughed and told him to at least wait until she had her heavy coat off. When it was off, he gave her another hug. He told her he had decided to take the night off from the gym and needed a little exercise. Then he hinted that perhaps they could get some joint exercise later.
He was surprised when she said she'd like that, but first dinner. They chatted about their days and he asked a few questions about the special project. She answered everything well and he was thinking once again that he was just being suspicious for nothing. She finished up her meal and put her dishes into the dishwasher, then told him she wanted to change clothes before doing dishes. She didn't want to get her good clothes messed up. He pulled out his phone and made an obscure entry in the calendar.
They did make love that night, and she insisted on riding him cowgirl. He loved how she was able to move, guiding him along with her own arousal so when she led they almost always climaxed at close to the same time. He also loved having his hands free to play with her breasts and nipples. After he came, she slowed down and sat on him, smiling and looking down.
"I'm queen of the mountain," she said jokingly and let her weight rest more heavily on his belly. She knew he could always move her, but this was a game to play and see where it went.
"You're the queen, huh? Well, I think I want to kiss the queen." He reached up and grabbed her. She tried to put out her arms to brace herself, but he easily got her elbows bent. As she lowered her chest, she moved up his body to line up their mouths and he slid out of her.
They kissed for a while, tongues dancing as if they were in their own private club. She rubbed herself on him, smearing the cream that had run out of her pussy while his hands slid from her back to the sides of her breasts and down to her ass. After a while she lifted her head, her smile still on her lips.
"That was great, and you're great, but I need to pee." She slid off him and slung her leg off the bed before walking off to the bathroom.
Left alone on the bed, he felt the chill of the wetness on his belly. Another minor thing, but it was different. He was beginning to wonder if he should check her measurements. He wasn't sure she wouldn't cheat to shorten the dresses faster.
Saturday she went shopping, coming home with a new dress. It was black with sparkles, long sleeves, a modestly scooped neck, and no belt. He told her to lay it on top of the dress she had worn for three weeks and she teased him about needing to calculate everything. The hem was exactly an inch higher. She got an excited look and told Phil she wanted to see what her range of movement was.
She took off her top and jeans, slipped the dress over her head, zipped the back, and posed for her husband. He nodded approvingly. The extra leg that showed when she raised her arms was barely noticeable, and she had great legs so he enjoyed looking at them. Then she raised her arms over her head and asked what that did to the hem.
We walked over and put his hand on her leg. "You just raised the hem about three inches, so," he slid his hand under her dress, "you have about 3 inches of coverage yet. Raise your arms and bend over and everybody gets a panty shot from you."
Denise took his wrist and moved it, making his hand rub her panties. "And how would that make you feel? You holding me, everybody seeing my panties?"
Phil smiled and slowly but firmly pulled his hand away. "Being honest, I'd rather keep looking at your panties at home, between us. It's not going to excite me to have guys getting hard wanting to get you away from me. I get enough from guys who want to dance with you as it is."
"Oh, Phil, it's not like I take off my ring. Why not let me dance with some of the guys who ask? You know, I could go dance with a group of girls and if a guy came up you wouldn't be there to say no. I'm not just throwing myself out there."
He walked to the door of their bedroom and stopped. "I thought your idea was to show your ass to as many people as wanted to look. That sounds like throwing it out there to me." He walked away before she had a chance to respond.
That night, things went well until she had her third drink. Once again she said she needed to pee and handed her cup to her husband. This time he checked his watch and after ten minutes he made his way to the hallway where the restrooms were. It was crowded with men and women. The door to the women's room opened and Denise walked out, a wet paper towel in her hand that she used to dab her face. She saw him and stopped, a confused look on her face.
"Phil, what are you doing? You weren't going to take my drink into the men's room, were you?"
"No, but I need to go and since you were taking a long time I thought I'd come over and save some time for myself." It was half true. "So here's your glass and I need to go." He passed the glass back to her and went into the men's room. Once again, he had the sense something wasn't right, but he couldn't quite figure out what it was.
She had two more drinks before they went home and once again she giggled as she changed clothes, cleaned up, and crawled into bed too tired, or too drunk, for sex. He took his time getting ready and by the time he crawled under the blankets, he was pretty certain she was already asleep. He imagined her next to him, since the darkness hid her face now. His beautiful wife. His love, his partner, his friend. Then came the thought that broke the mood. There was something he was missing, and he missed it because she was hiding it.
The following three weeks were normal except for Thursday of the middle week. Once again she called to say she had to work late. Again she came home around 7. This time he had already eaten and when she got home he reheated her food and headed to the gym. She didn't seem to miss him. When he tried cuddling at bedtime she snuggled, but said she was tired and didn't feel like doing anything more.
Friday she was home on time, got dinner together and they ate and caught up on the day. Once again he went to the gym, but when he came home she was wearing a robe. Slipping it off, she revealed a red lace lingerie set, including red stockings. She helped him out of his wet shirt, pulled his shorts down, pausing to kiss his cock, and then pulled him to the floor. This time they ended up with her kneeling on the floor, resting her elbows on the couch, and him behind, happily pumping in and out of her. He released before she was ready, so she used her fingers to bring herself to a climax a little later.
He bent over her and kissed her as she turned her head. On a whim, remembering what she had done to him recently, he moved his hips to the side, pulling out of her and rubbing his now soft, cum coated cock on her ass cheek. "Maybe if I cover these with my cum nobody will want to look at them."
She grinned. "That may not be a good idea. Men seem to be very competitive and if your cum is there I have a feeling other men would want to add theirs. It's sort of like marking territory, isn't it? The last one to add cum is the owner?"
They cleaned up and as he fell asleep he thought about what she had said. Yes, it was something of a competition, but the way she described it. What was her term? The last one is the owner?
That was the weekend she spent a long time in the bathroom again. Once again she came back to him, took her glass, and took two gulps. She had two more drinks and was drunk when they got home. He tucked her in to bed, stripped, and went to get himself the drink he couldn't have because he was driving.
That was the pattern of their lives as every three weeks her hem moved a little higher. It was never something that was eye popping obvious, but as the weather was warming and leaves started coming out, he noticed that a lot of her leg was showing regularly. He had her raise her arms and turn around and wasn't happy that her cheeks were already showing. When he pointed that out, she laughed and said she would start wearing sleeveless dresses so they didn't rise as much.
One day while she was in the shower, he pulled out her first dress and the latest one, laying them on top of each other. She had started with 16 inches from her waist, and this weekend she would wear a dress that was just 11 inches from her waist. If she bent over much, her ass would show. Any good bend and her panties would show. He remembered her idea that the first one to say enough would serve the other. He quickly put the dresses back as he heard the shower stop. The distraction broke his thoughts.
As he expected, when they went to the club she danced for a while, but then moved up to him and put her arms over his shoulders. Being so close, and him a foot taller, she had to be flashing and a quick glance at the people behind her was all the confirmation he needed. He saw grins, fingers pointing, and more than one guy adjusting his pants. She stayed close and he saw cell phones come out.
"Denise, you need to put your arms down now. People are starting to take pictures." He reached up and gripped her arms to pull them down.
She grinned at him. "Are you saying that's enough? Because if not, let them look. I'm in your arms, after all." She was daring him, giving him a choice that left her the winner whatever he chose.
He figured it out and dropped his hands, putting his arms around her once again. After a few more minutes the tempo picked up again and she stepped back. He did check to see if she had her ring on and was happy to see she did. This week she had several drinks in quick succession and it was her fourth drink he was left holding while she went to the restroom. He watched her until she was in the hallway, then began a slow walk in that direction.
He checked his watch. And he stood in the hallway with the half empty glass of her daiquiri, waiting. After 15 minutes, she finally came out of the restroom. In the darkness he thought he noticed she was flushed. She pulled at the hem of her dress and looked up.
"Phil, shit, you about scared me senseless standing there. What are you doing?"
He smiled and handed her the glass. "I'm being a dutiful husband and protecting my wife from prowling eyes, and hands, while she walks across the floor with her ass practically hanging out." Why had she jumped when she saw him, he wondered. "I also need to pee."
A few hours later, now on her fifth drink, they were dancing, holding each other, when a man approached. Phil noticed he was looking at Denise and her cute ass and only looked up as he reached the couple.
"Hey, I couldn't help noticing this girl has a really nice ass and I was wondering if you would let her dance with me." The guy was about as tall as Phil and had an easy confidence. He was expecting to get what he wanted, even if it took a little while.
Phil didn't smile, though he noticed Denise turned her head and did smile. "I think I'll just keep her for myself."
"Man, she looks like a handful. We could do her together. You can even go first. Come on, look at her, she's begging for it."
"I don't intend to share my wife with others, so you can move on now."
Denise turned to look at him, a hurt expression in her eyes. "Phil, don't be rude. Doesn't it make you feel just a little proud that somebody else wants me?"
The stranger jumped right in. "See, man? She's asking for it. Come on, we get a room, spend an hour together, and move on from there. What do you say?"
It suddenly hit him. She's asking for it. Now her eyes had that look like she wanted something from him, but they were dulled by all the drinks she had put down. She wanted him to say yes, to share her with another man.
"Phil, honey, you'd be right there. I know you love to have sex after we go dancing."
He looked at her and smiled. "Yes, I do like to have sex. With you. And just you. I'm not going to a motel with him, and I'm not saying you can go. You're a big girl and you need to make your own decision. But if you go with him, there will be consequences." Now he turned the dare back on her. The look of begging in her eyes became one of indecision and fear.
"One hour, man," the guy was saying again. "Then you get her back like nothing happened and you can do what you want. You can even sleep in the room if you want. You can sit in a chair and keep an eye on her while I do my thing. Come on, it won't cost you a thing."
"He's offering to pay for the room, Phil. You can watch or take part. You can go first, or you can do whatever you want." She was begging now.
"And why are you so determined to fuck another man?" It was time to be blunt and see what happened.
"Wow, guy, you're being pretty hard on her." Yeah, Phil thought, and you want your hard IN her.
Denise was flustered now. "It's, oh, sorry, it's the short dress and the drinks I guess. I'm just feeling all sexed up and, I'm sorry Phil, I got carried away with it."
The look on the guy changed now, as he seemed to realize he was out of luck tonight. "Damn, guy, she is a fine specimin and I'd love to see if she moves as sexy out of clothes as she does in them. Seriously, I'll get us a room, you can be there, I'd really love to have that hour with her."
Phil looked at him, still smiling. "Don't give up yet. I've decided I'm going home. If she follows me, you're out of luck. If she doesn't, then you get can have your fun."
A little of the smile returned to Denise. "Really? I can stay?"
Her husband held her by her shoulders. "Of course you can stay. And when you get home tomorrow, you can pack all your stuff and get out." Phil looked at the man who now had a shocked look on his face. "It hasn't been nice meeting you. I'm leaving now." He dropped his hands from Denise's bare arms and started walking toward the coat check. "Oh, sorry, I almost forgot to leave this with you." He turned and held out her ticket.
"Phil, stop it. Let's just dance the rest of the night like usual and go home together."
He continued holding out the ticket. "Take it, Denise, and either follow me or follow him. I'm not staying, so you need to decide now." She still refused to take the ticket, so he moved up and stuffed it into her bra. "Whenever you leave, now you can have your jacket."
He turned again and started walking away. "Phil, stop, slow down. I can't keep up with you right now. I'm, I can't hurry or I'll fall down." Her heels clicked on the floor as she walked up behind him.
Together they got their jackets and walked to the car. Denise wobbled quite a bit and he had to help her get in. By the time they got home, she was asleep. He woke her up, helped her into the house, took off her clothes, and got her into bed. He decided she could sleep naked. He picked up her clothes to put into the clothes bin, and as he closed his hand on the pile of clothes he felt it. Her panties were wet, and there was a spot that was dried. Now he had the evidence, and he needed a plan.
On Thursday morning, he was given what he wanted. Denise was in the shower while Phil dressed for work. He heard the tone of her receiving a text and glanced at the phone. It was face up on the dresser and he was pulling a pair of socks out. He saw enough. The source of the message, and "Hiway Motel tod..." It would be obvious if he opened the full text, but he could open the texts app and see a little more of the latest message.
He read, "Mark: Hiway Motel today at 4." He grabbed his phone and took a picture so he could look for the message later. The water was turned off in the shower so he reset the phone to the home screen, turned off the screen, and made sure the phone was where he had found it.
His wife was having an affair. Or more. He should have gotten the name of the guy at the club. Then again, he had a feeling there would be another attempt to get Denise, and him with her from the sound of it. Now that he knew, what should he do? He decided to keep quiet and play a little longer. A plan of his own was forming, and he was going to help the process. He needed access to her phone, but now was not the time.
She walked into the room naked and he turned to hug her and give her a kiss. Then he was dressed and heading out of the room for breakfast. He wanted to get to work so he had a little time to think before he needed to focus on the numbers.
As expected, he got a text from Denise at three telling him she had another project. He went home and ate dinner alone, then got online and started researching. Some of what he found, he really didn't like. There were plenty of videos with a guy watching his wife getting fucked, and they were all meant to humiliate the husband. He needed to bring things to a head soon, and assuming the guy was going to make a play again on Saturday night, he wanted a plan before he had to make it up on the fly.
Friday, he texted her to say he had a late project, then left work at 3 to go shopping. He had her rolled soft tape and an idea where to go to find what he wanted. It took three stores, but he finally had what he was looking for. He was going to fast forward a bit, and her reaction would be fun for him to watch.
Saturday they got things done during the day, Phil spending two hours at the gym. He had picked up a shirt that fit tighter than his normal shirts. Anybody approaching him was going to know he was muscular. Let them decide if it was worth the effort. After dinner they both showered, he put on his new shirt, and she put on the dress that barely covered her ass. He knew that at some point tonight she was going to raise her arms and show off. It was brought home forcefully when she put on a red thong under the black dress. He said nothing.
They went to the club and they danced. And Denise drank. He had noticed that she was drinking more now than when this experiment started. Was it to dull her senses, or was it to drop her guard? Or something else? As usual, on her third drink she had to go to the restroom, returning a mere five minutes later. She wanted to kiss and his lips met hers. She opened and he opened his mouth, then her tongue was invading him and something was wrong. He felt her smile, but something was wrong.
Later, she went to the restroom again, returning ten minutes later with her hand in a fist. She put one arm over his shoulder and said, "You need to keep this in your pocket," as she put something into his hand. It was her panties. He looked at them, looked at her, and she giggled before throwing her other arm over his shoulder.
It was too early to act. He put the lacey garment into his pocket and held her, knowing she was now flashing a bare ass at anybody watching, and he could see she was getting noticed. He got her another drink. Then another. She was dancing with her arms in the air much more than usual and he saw the guy approaching, staring at what had to be a very cute ass showing.
"Hey there, I have to try again. I mean, this chick is flashing some skin that's got my skin getting stretched."
This time, Phil smiled. "Hi again. I realized we never got introduced. I'm Phil, this is Denise." His arms were around her, but he could feel her pulling away. She really wanted the other guy.
"Hi, Phil, I'm Mark. Wow, this girl is seriously hot. I know you refused last week, but come on. Let's get to a motel, I can take care of my desires, and you can have her the rest of the night."
"Shit man, she's my wife. Why should I let you take care of your stuff, then I get what's left?" He didn't intend to get pulled into this, but he wanted to play it as far as he could.
Mark smiled and moved closer, pushing out his hips so Denise was moving against him as she danced. "Your wife? I think she's missing the markers, man. Come on, let's ask her what she wants. No talk about divorce or any of that shit. Just straight up ask if she wants me to fuck her."
"Denise, do you want him to fuck you?" Phil was going to take a few chances, and if she chose to go with Mark, well, then they were done.
She looked up at him, eyes full of lust. "Phil, let's go with him. You'll enjoy sharing, I'm sure. You were, I mean, I'm so fucking horny right now, I'm going to start dripping on the floor."
Mark smiled and move closer. "See? She wants me to fuck her. You don't have to take part, No sloppy seconds or anything. You can just sit in a chair and make sure I treat her right."
Phil thought about where to go from here. He had just been told that his research paid off. She was right, he didn't know about some things, but she didn't know he had been tipped off and had looked it up. And, there was that comment about he was ... something. He remembered the kiss and her smile, and the fact she had not grabbed her drink first.
"You treat her right, or there will be hell to pay." Phil flexed his muscles and was pleased to see a wide-eyed response from Mark. "The trouble is, I'm still not sure I want to let her go with you. I like fucking her myself."
Denise spoke up now. "Phil, you also like licking me, fingering me, shoving your cock into my mouth, all kinds of stuff. This is your chance to see how somebody else treats me and how I react. You might learn something new. You might even find I need to be cleaned up and you enjoy it."
There it was, he thought. The trap. Now he could be a bastard again and threaten divorce. "Cleaning you up? No, I don't think so. I was considering saying yes until you said that. Nope, not cleaning up after somebody else. Shit, I don't even clean up after myself."
Mark and Denise both looked crestfallen. Denise spoke first. "But you, Phil, I don't understand. You want me cleaning you, and you love licking me, so what's the big deal?"
Mark recovered quickly. "Yeah, man, it's just a thing, you know. Hell, like I said, you can go first. It's just a way of showing me how she likes to be pleased so I can do a better job."
"A better job? Better than what?" Finally he was getting the information he needed. He was developing his own plan while working to ruin hers.
"Uh, you know, if I'm doing something she doesn't really like, I can adjust. I'm just looking at it as a way to expand your knowledge. I mean, if I do something she likes, wouldn't you want to do it too?"
Phil looked around quickly. He had been slowly pulling Denise back toward a wall where it was less crowded and now he felt he had his place. "Mark, come over here. I can have her at home, so I can wait. If you want her, edge up against her and take her right here where anybody paying attention will know what she's getting." He pulled up the back of her dress to show a good amount of soft, curvy ass.
Now Denise lost her calm. "What? No way. Phil, put that down. I'm not fucking in the middle of a dance club. I'm not that drunk."
He looked at Mark, keeping the hem up and not letting his wife push it down. "What do you think? Looks pretty good, doesn't it? I always liked it."
Mark had a look of uncertainty now. "Oh yeah, it looks real good. But I'm not sure about doing her right here. If somebody reports it or a bouncer sees us, it's going to be nasty. Maybe somewhere private, you know? Just the three of us."
"Come on, then, just rub on her a little, to see if she likes it. Yeah, there you go. What do you think, Denise? You want to fuck him?" He watched her eyes give her away.
"I, I mean, I think we should do like he says and get a motel room or something."
Time to push a little. "Ok, Denise, reach into my pants and stroke me while I think this over. Maybe we'll do the motel room and Mark can watch how I enter you doggie. You always told me you love the way I do that. Then he can clean it up and he can try to see if you like it as much."
She had a look of surprise now. "No, Phil, I'm not jerking you right here. No matter how close you are, I think somebody would notice. And why would Mark clean up if you don't clean up?"
"I was wondering that myself," Mark told him.
Phil smiled the smile of a person pulling a trap. "Because I'm her husband. At least I am right now. I think that gives me certain rights." The silence was golden. That was not the response expected. "Tell you what, Mark. I work in a field where a quick decision is often a bad decision. Give me your phone number and we can talk tomorrow about maybe next week. It might be fun after all, but I'm not ready to go with it tonight."
Realizing the fight would not be won tonight, Mark took a step back. "Yeah, sure, right. Tell me your number and I'll text you. Then you'll have it." He typed the number onto his phone as Phil gave it to him, then sent a simple "It's Mark" text.
Phil felt his phone buzz and smiled. "Thanks. I'll give you a call one way or another tomorrow or Monday. Right now, I want to get this drunk girl home and tucked into bed. After all she's put down I'm not sure she'd be a great lay anyway."
They parted, the couple went home, and he once again stripped Denise and put her to bed before himself changing clothes. He waited in the dark for 20 minutes, then he picked up her phone from the night stand and walked out of the room.
The first thing was to compare numbers and he noted that the number he had gotten tonight was the same as the Mark he had noticed texting Denise on Thursday. She had no unread texts, so he opened Mark's thread and shook his head as he realized she was pretty sloppy for a cheater. The entire thread seemed to be intact. He compared the dates of hotel messages with the dates she was late from work and nodded as the "special project" days matched in almost every case. There were some other dates with locations near her building. Lunch quickies? The worst part was that contact had started in October, several months before her dress theme started.
He took out his own phone and began taking pictures of the thread, not wanting to do anything that might leave a trail on her phone showing that he had seen things. Then he closed Mark's thread and looked for the missing two dates. He found one under "Trey" and another under "Devon" but those only had one entry each. It only left a question of whether or not any of them had been with her and somebody else at the same time. Once again, he took pics of the entries, then made sure she was back on her home page, no apps were showing open, and he put his phone in his right pocket, hers in the left. Turning off the lights, he went to their bedroom and carefully put her phone back where she always kept it over night. Then he got into bed and let his thoughts run as he fell asleep.
The next day he went to the gym and looked around. He was looking for something particular that he had never looked for before. He cut his workout a half hour short and took a walk before going to his car. He called Mark and they talked. After that call, he phoned a business connection. He did a little searching on the map before getting into his car, and then he was ready to go home.
Denise had been thinking about how close she had come to getting Phil into a trois last night and when he stripped to take a shower she was ready for him. She suggested he do the doggie he'd mentioned and turned away from him. A quick touch told him she was ready and he slid into her before wrapping his arms around her waist and backing away from the bed, leaving her very surprised as she hung in the air, pressing hard against his body. He started moving his hips in short pushes, bouncing her on his cock and all the movement quickly had her nearing her climax. She felt him tensing, his knees sagging a little, and finally he was slowing down. He moved back to the bed, opened his arms, and watched her drop onto the edge of the mattress. Grabbing a handful of her long hair, he wiped his cock and started for the bathroom and a shower.
"Ick, oh, shit. Phil, what are you doing? I didn't cum yet." She had her hand between her legs to catch the spillage as she struggled to turn around.
He looked back. "Oh, you didn't? Well, I did. I guess you'll just need to finger yourself like the last time." He walked into the bathroom and a shortly after she heard the water running.
She really wanted to climax, but his actions were way out of normal and she wasn't in the mood to play with herself. She had hoped he would go down and lick her to an orgasm. More than wanting sex, she had wanted to get him down there so she could say something the next time he tried to avoid Mark's advances. Maybe later this week, she thought.
The week was a strange one. Monday, Phil texted that he would be home a little late. Tuesday he went to the gym and stayed later than normal. Wednesday he came home and walked in quietly, catching her by surprise as she looked at her phone. She jumped when he greeted her.
"Something wrong with your phone?" He was sure she was wondering why she hadn't been contacted by Mark yet. On a "normal" schedule, he should have set up a motel meeting this week. Next week she would not be available for woman reasons.
Denise looked up quickly, then back to her phone. "No, nothing wrong. I just thought I might have misplaced something."
The week swept to its ending, Saturday morning Phil did his two hours in the gym, then he showered and ate lunch. Late in the afternoon he pulled out his first surprise for his wife.
He found her in the living room, told her to close her eyes, and carefully led her to their bedroom. "I thought maybe this dress thing was taking a bit too long, so I bought you a new outfit for tonight. You can open your eyes now."
She opened her eyes and her mouth quickly followed in opening. "It's ... Phil ... oh my god, are you serious?"
On the bed was a new outfit and she could tell without even trying it on that the skirt was more than an inch shorter than last week's outfit. There was a flower-patterned halter that buttoned in front and wrapped around the back of the neck. He had not provided a bra to go with it, though almost any bra would show and look ridiculous. There was a pair of black lace panties. Black, back seam stockings with a lacy top band were laid out next to them. The skirt was a bright pink with a red belt. A pair of black ankle boots on the floor finished the ensemble. The boots were one of the biggest surprises. They had rings on them in various places.
Phil smiled. "Yes, I'm serious. Unless you want to say it's too much." He had her now, one way or the other. She had been expecting him to call it off, to say it was too much. To lose and be forced to serve her. And now he understood why.
She looked dazed. "Oh, no, no, it isn't too much. Sure, it might be fun showing off so much." She recovered and smiled, and her mouth was sincere, but her eyes showed fear.
They had a dinner that was surprisingly quiet, then washed up a bit and she put on makeup before dressing. He was downstairs waiting when she walked into the living room. He almost laughed when she reached behind her and tugged the hem of her skirt downward.
"It looks like you're having some trouble getting used to the extra breeze back there." He looked at her with a huge grin.
She was not quite as happy about the situation. "Phil, are you sure about this? It's really short and if I bend at all something is going to show."
She turned around to let him see. The curves under her ass cheeks were clearly visible even while she stood straight, but just a little bending showed where the lace panties curved around her ass and disappeared between her legs. It was exactly what he wanted for her tonight.
"So you're saying it's too much? It's still legal, you know." He was a little afraid she would back down.
That got her turned around in a hurry. "No, I'm not saying that. I thought maybe you would say it, but if you think I'm going to just roll over you're wrong. I told you I'd take the hem all the way up to my waist and that's what I plan to do."
"Ok, let's go then." He heard her huff a bit as he walked out of the room. As always, she brought nothing except herself, and today was warm enough they didn't even need jackets. She was going to flash a lot of people as they walked to the club. That would be used against her later.
Denise did get attention as they walked from their car to the club. She got even more attention once in the club with people, both men and women, seemingly passing closer than they needed to and brushing hands over her ass. A few times she was fully grabbed and squeezed, but Phil didn't seem to notice even when she eeked out sounds of surprise. They dance, she drank, and once again, on her third drink she handed her glass to Phil and went to use the restroom.
He watched his wife work her way to the hallway where the restrooms were, jumping and moving hips to avoid too many grabs. At one point a smiling girl walked in front of Denise and suddenly his wife jumped. He assumed the girl had grabbed her from the front. What was most fun for him was knowing she wasn't comfortable with this. She was only doing it because she had in her mind from months ago that she would win.
The grabbing and jumping and twisting continued when she returned about ten minutes later. She had a confused look on her face, as if something was out of order. He grabbed her and gave her a kiss, then gave her drink back. He heard a soft, "Damn," from her as she turned and took a gulp, aware that she normally initiated the kiss under different circumstances.
It was still well before midnight when he suggested they leave. Since her night had not gone as expected, she agreed and they made the walk back to their car. There were a few less people moving on the sidewalks than when they arrived, but many of the ones there had been drinking. Calls and whistles and grabs were made frequently and she was surprisingly happy to get into the safety of the car. Phil got into the driver side and drove out of the garage, but turned the opposite direction from a normal drive home.
"Where are we going?" Denise asked. She suddenly sat up straighter, looking around as they gradually moved out of the retail district.
"Oh, I didn't tell you. I have a business connection I need to make, and since we're so close now, I thought I'd just run over and have a look around. I don't intend to leave you drunk in the car dressed like that, so you're coming in with me."
She looked at him for a long moment. "Oh, well, ok. I guess that makes sense."
He parked near a metal door on the side of a large brick building and turned off the car. Before the lights in the interior faded, he found the key he needed, then got out and went around to her side to open the car door. He helped her out and locked the doors, then led her to entry to the building . It squeaked as it opened, then closed with a loud clang behind them, leaving them in darkness. She felt him pull on her hand.
"The light switch is over here somewhere. I just need to find it." She followed along as he looked for the switch and grew hopeful when he stopped. There was a soft jingle just before she felt something on her neck, then it tightened and she gasped. Reaching up, she got her fingers around a leather band and realized it was a collar just as he buckled it. From there he grabbed her wrists and easily put her into a hammerlock. A louder jingle sounded just before metal touched her left wrist. She tried to twist free, but he blocked her move and the sound of a handcuff ratcheting down soon followed. With one hand locked, he slid his hand down from her elbow, held her other wrist, and closed the other cuff. Only then did he turn on the light.
She struggled with the cuffs, arms locked behind her back. "Phil, shit, what are you doing? What stupid game is this?" Her eyes widened as she saw him take a pink vinyl dog leash from a hook on the wall. His finger was in the ring on her collar and he clipped the leash to it.
"No stupid game, Denise." He started leading her out of the hallway, passing through a door and stopping to turn on a bank of lights that showed they had entered a large, mostly empty storage area. "I'm just playing your game, except not the way you wanted it. Let's see, what was the largest number of men you've had at once? I think it was three?"
She tried to talk, but just sputtered, changing sentences every two or three words. He backed her against an I-beam, removed the leash before passing the handle between the beam and a pipe about three feet above the floor, then he threaded the clip through the handle and clipped it to her collar again before he backed away to look.
She tried to reach, but the only part that would release was the clip and there was no way she could reach it with her hands cuffed behind her back. Every move seems to push her skirt up her hips and she was constantly trying to push the hem back down. He breasts made the halter top jiggle invitingly. "What do you want?" She still had some defiance in her.
Phil pulled a small lock from his pocket and slipped it onto the collar with a soft "snik" sound, locking it on until he decided to remove it. "I want you to make a decision, but first, I'm going to make a little money. Actually, I've already made it, so what I want is for you to cooperate with the men when they come in here in about 10 minutes. You won't have much choice in that, so it would be to your benefit to behave for them."
Now she stopped struggling. "Men? What men?"
He smiled a little. "Eight men have paid me to have time with you, so it's going to be a long night. You know four of them. The other four are gym rats I recruited. It's funny that one of the four you know never set up a motel time. He was always part of a threesome, wasn't he? Bi, if I got the description right? That was the plan for me, wasn't it? No, actually, Mark likes to cuck the husbands. A simple threat got out of him that he's done this before with other couples."
"You can't just sell me. I'm not a prostitute. Or a slave."
"That gets back to the decision you need to make. The way I see it, you have three choices. Choice one, we stay married and you put up with me making some money setting up sessions like this now and then. Choice two, you say fuck it and I file for divorce on Monday citing your whoring as the reason. I've got pictures of your texts, and the guys I contacted admitted to fucking you. Choice 2a is that you find a place to live on your own. Choice 2b you find one of these guys to take you in."
He waited for the options to sink in. "Either way, we're done sexually. You've been cheating on me, with multiple men, either doing lunch quickies or after work motels, for over six months now. And then there were the blow jobs at the club while you were using the restroom for 15 minutes. It just took you a long time to get to where you'd kiss me without a quick wash from your drink first. Tonight you'll sleep in the spare room. Argue and I just file for divorce and have you tossed out on your ass. If we stay married, you'll spend every night in the spare room, or you can let me know your plans and spend the night at your fuck buddy's place."
His phone alarm went off. "It looks like our love chat is over. Time to bring in the boys." He walked over to a door and opened it. Eight guys, led by Mark, walked in. They each had a beer in their hands and they whistled and made other appreciative sounds when they saw how she was dressed.
"Ok, guys, I'm not going to hang around and watch my wife getting fucked. There's an all night diner not far away and I'm going to get a coffee and do some work for a couple of hours. We've discussed the three rules, but for her benefit, let me repeat them. One, she stays here until I collect her later. Two, nothing gets broken. And three, nothing gets posted to the internet without clearing it with me first. Got it? Good, then Mark paid extra for the first turn. I expect you guys will play nice and there won't be any fights over her. She isn't worth it."
Phil walked up to Denise and held her head in his hands. "I'd kiss you goodbye, but now that I know how many cocks you've had in there, I'll just wish you good fucking." He turned and walked to the desk sitting in the open space. "The key to the handcuffs goes in the middle drawer, if you want her hands free. There's 300 feet of rope in the bottom drawer." Then he walked to the door he had entered with Denise a half hour ago.
He paused for a while, watching as the guys started undressing. Mark grabbed Denise by the head and pulled her to her knees, shoving his large cock into her mouth. Somehow she managed to take him deep, but she always gagged when he pulled out. After a minute he moved behind her and pulled off her panties, then her short skirt. He motioned and the next guy shoved his cock into her mouth as Mark slid in from behind. That was when Phil left.
It was almost three hours later when he got the text that the men were leaving. He drove back to the warehouse and went in carrying a blanket from his trunk. She was on the floor on her belly, hands cuffed again, collar leashed to the pipe, with her ankles and knees bound with white rope. She moved when she heard the door open, but didn't look up. He came over and first unclipped the leash before starting to cut the ropes. Jizz was everywhere on her body, and probably in it as well.
"I have no idea what made you think I would ever agree to suck a cock. That's not my thing. Of course, with you unavailable, we either get divorced so I'm free or I need some other outlet. Why did you start running around with other men? Or were you cheating from the time we got married?"
Denise mumbled something, then stopped and said more clearly, "I met Mark about a year ago. That was the start. He was just so smooth, and good in bed, and made it sound so exciting. Now, Phil, I hurt. I really hurt from what they did. Are you happy now?"
He cut off the ropes at her knees and turned her over, helping her sit up. "No, I'm not happy. I'm really sad, because the woman I loved cheated on me, tried to turn me into a cock sucking wimp, and thought it would be fun. With a little threatening the guys told me a lot. You would fuck a guy at lunch, then two guys in a motel after work, then come home and fuck me and tell me you love me. There's nothing to be happy about."
He wrapped the blanket around her and held her up as she wobbled toward the door. "The blanket is to protect my car. I'd be fine with you running naked behind it if I thought you'd make it home. I'll come back and clean up tomorrow. Or later today. It's almost sunrise. I want your decision by six tonight. We stay married and you do this whenever I want to make some money, or you get the hell out and I file for divorce Monday. No discussion, no begging, and don't waste time on apologies for the last year. Too much time and too much shit."
As they walked out, he turned off the lights. In the brief moment between lights out and when he opened the door, Denise felt like the darkness was now her only life. There really was no choice. None of the men would take her in with what they knew. She was a serial cheater, because she had cheated with them. She couldn't afford to live on her own. That left only two choices, and she found herself wondering which one was better.