I crunched the dirt under my feet beneath my toes, and shivered in response to the chilly November breeze. I bet my teeth would've been chattering had I not been so perfectly gagged.
That was the least of my worries though. I was lost, drunk, and in my underwear in some park. I worried about less than noble men discovering me and doing who knows what-it might not have been their intention, but by putting handcuffs on me and gagging me the fuckboys that were trying to haze me or whatever made me ripe pickings for anyone that wanted to have their way with a freshly 18 year old coed.
At the same time it was crucial no one saw me, I couldn't deal with that humiliation. I had just gotten to this school. I couldn't bear the thought of being known as that girl who's into BDSM stuff or something for four years.
I found my way through some brush and onto a tree enclosed dirt path. It was kind of difficult not being able to brush branches out of the way. I panickedly checked both ways and saw no one. I picked a random direction and ran, not too fast though to keep my balance and to listen as closely as I could for footsteps.
I felt a tingle in my vagina as I paid attention for any hint of strangers. There was something about this situation that was slightly exciting, I had to admit; being in my underwear where I normally never would be gave me a bit of an exhibitionist rush. But it was only because I would NEVER do this... the choice was made for me. However, had I made the choice myself, I wouldn't have gagged myself or put handcuffs on. The more I thought about it I quickly realized this was more than I could handle. I wouldn't do this for a billion dollars.
The path started to curve ahead so I stopped running and slowed down only to hear murmuring and steps ahead. My mind buzzed as I ran back into the bush again, scratching my exposed midriff on some sharp branches but ignoring the discomfort as I tripped and fell into the leaves and dirt. I begged god that whoever it was couldn't see me, and remained perfectly still.
I'm very much a neat freak and a girly girl so I hated lying in the dirt like that. I felt things tickling my skin all over but told myself it was November, and hopefully there weren't that many bugs out. I made sure to lie perfectly still until I was sure the people were gone, despite how hard it was.
Getting up was difficult while handcuffed but I managed, getting myself dirty in the process. I found my way back to the path, carefully listening to the leaves and twigs fall off my underwear. It was an eerily quiet night which aided in my ability to hear people coming but also forced me to take my time and be quiet lest someone else hear me.
I stumbled finding my way back on the path yet again, cursing my decision to have fruity drinks at the bar. I always failed to taste the alcohol and overdid it. I didn't drink any water and now I could barely think straight. I couldn't formulate a plan. I could only focus on literally putting one foot forward. My brain felt like it was swimming in a vat of alcohol, stress and fear.
As I carefully rounded the curve of the trail a strange feeling of nostalgia hit me. Feeling everything under my bare feet, the dirt, leaves and woodchips... I hadn't walked around barefoot like this since I was a child. I was worried about cutting my feet. It was hard to see in the dark.
Well, I didn't have to deal with the dark for long. Soon I came out of the trail into a residential area, dimly lit by streetlamps. I was instantly wary of being seen, and could hear several voices though they were in the distance and I couldn't make out where they were coming from. For all I knew there could have been more people on the trail behind me.
I looked down at my body and flinched, and screamed silently into my gag. There were at least three or four bugs on me, and I hadn't been imagining the crawling. There were a couple spiders and some longer legged things I couldn't identify. I freaked the fuck out and shook around like I was spastic trying to shake them off me. I then inspected my body and when I couldn't find any I calmed down. Freaking out like that had helped warm me up a little. The temperature was dropping fast, or at least it felt like it. Maybe my tolerance was simply dropping.
I took an extremely anxious moment to gather my bearings and carefully stepped forward onto the sidewalk, crouching and darting my gaze everywhere I could trying to figure out where I was. No luck. I was completely lost.
The anxiety and voices were getting to me. I had to make a decision now. I decided to try and find a landmark. The suburb I was in looked tame and quiet. With some luck I still might be able to get home.
I took to the strategy of trying to car hop; using parked cars as cover as I tried to pick the ones perpendicular to walls or something that provided extra cover, crouching behind them. I was putting myself in even more danger but I had to do something. With this gag in I couldn't scream for help if someone decided to get violent with me. I HAD to get home.
The lightest had began the make me shiver uncontrollably, and I had goosebumps all over my body. Light footed, I made my way car by car deeper into the suburb until I saw something in the distance I thought might be a landmark to find my way back to the university. I really couldn't tell from the brief glimpse I got of it and checked from behind the car to see if anyone was coming. I didn't see anything so tentatively I poked my head up to try and get a better view.
I must have been not listening closely enough because after what only felt like ten seconds or so I felt a hand on my arm. It shocked me as I thought I had scanned the area throroughly, but he must have been out of sight and walking quietly.
The hand grasped my arm tightly and manhandled me into spinning to face a young 20s looking man, slightly smiling as he looked up and down my body. He spoke in what he probably thought sounded like a reassuring voice but I could tell he was very attracted to me which made me nervous. I can't remember much of what he looked like except that he was short and had short brown hair.
"Oh man. You college girls. You're crazy you know that right? I know it's frosh week and stuff but still. You're the fifth girl I've seen over the last week or so I've seen streaking, some even all the way. You're the second to have handcuffs, the gag is new though." He chuckled.
"You look pretty disheveled, you get fucked in a backyard or something?"
I yanked my arm free and tried to bolt. I swerved around him and in between the cars but in my drunken haze I stumbled down the curb and fell onto my side, slightly scraping my upper left arm.
The man reached down and grabbed my scraped arm and wedged his other hand under my torso, heaving me up and bringing me behind the car again. He brushed the dirt out of my scrape which I appreciated. He was gripping me tightly now though. My stomach sank. He was small but still manhandled me with ease and knew I was a flight risk now. He spoke again with a reassuring tone.
"Relax. I know you've probably had more than a few guys try to or maybe even have their way with you, but I'm not about that. Don't need some rape charge in case you regret doing some hazing later. I just want to get a good look at you, you're way prettier than any girl I'd normally get to touch."
I was relieved he didn't intend to rape me, but was still indignant he felt entitled to touch me. He began to run his hand down the side of my exposed torso, gazing at my body longingly. I shivered not just due to the cold.
He rubbed my stomach before fondling my breasts over my bra. I was surprised he didn't go under especially based on what he did next, but he simply caressed my breasts, running his fingers over the exposed parts.
He then spun me around and crouched down, grabbing and feeling my legs. He ran his hands up and down them to my chagrin. Lastly, he grabbed my ass. He spent the most time here. I'm not the most endowed or gifted in size either breast wise or butt wise, so it surprised me a bit but he lingered there, lifting my cheeks over my panties and grasping, really playing with my ass.
Then he did something that really shocked me. He quickly pulled my panties down to my knees and started playing with my bare ass, pulling and squeezing. I turned my head and shook it to express my disapproval.
"Oh, get over it. You have a really cute butt, I wanted to see. Turn around and sit still and I'll be done in a second."
Reluctantly I did as he said in the hopes that he was telling the truth. For ten more seconds he jiggled and played with my ass before stopping while still bracing his hand against my leg in case I ran, with my panties still around my knees.
He stayed like that for a little long that it was weird, and at the last second let go. I paused. I didn't want a repeat of last time and I still wanted him to pull my panties up.
That was when there was a flash, and after a couple seconds I realized he had just taken a picture of my ass. The douchebag! I turned around and tried to kick him but failed and stumbled.
"Hey hey woah," he said a little loud for my liking. "Relax! I just want to be able to remember this moment. Damn, you have cute pussy. Do you know you have a perfect innie?"
I was so angry about the picture I hadn't realized I basically just flashed him my pussy. I knew he'd seen it when he was playing with my ass but now he'd gotten the full view. I turned around again feeling more embarrassed than I ever had, and he placed a hand on my leg again.
"Let me take a couple more and I'll cover you up and we'll be done here."
I absolutely fumed. This was humilating and degrading. I didn't know where these pictures would end up. He had no right to do this, and I didn't deserve this. Regardless of the immense sting to my self worth, I had to hang my head and let him take his pictures. He took one while grabbing a cheek and pulling it to the side and I worried how much of my vagina was in view. I wanted to order him not to post them but I couldn't and even if I could he'd almost certainly disregard what I wanted just as he was doing now.
To finish up he smacked my ass loudly a couple times which worryingly echoed into the night before pulling my panties back up, tapping me on the ass as if to say "you can go now", and jogged off. I stood in disbelief of what had just happened for the briefest of moments. I had just been violated.
That was when, in relative silence compared to the company I just kept, I heard the voices from all around and saw the middle aged homeowners looking through their curtains.
I couldn't stay here. I had to run. I tried to double back to the path and nearly round the corner into a couple, turning around at the last second and running back to where I was. Okay, the way back was out. The only problem was that there was commotion coming from where I had originally intended to go too and there was growing disturbance due to the show I likely put on for some curious neighbors.
The only option was the road that seemed to lead out of the suburb, which for now would only mean getting me deeper in it as I seemed to be on a forested edge and it would lead me overall more in public. It also was farther away from where I thought home was.
"Hey! Do you see that!?" My heart jumped out of my throat. I had no options. I ran down the street, fighting the sinking feeling in my stomach.
I sprinted further into my waking nightmare.