Note to readers: this is my entry into the National Nude Day Contest. All individuals having sex are over the age of 18. Please vote with stars if you like it. Comments are welcome and encouraged if you really, really like it.
*************************
Laurel Creek Journal, July 2, 1993:
I'm not sure if it was the panties, or the laughter, or the backpacks sitting by the trail that first registered in my brain. Maybe it was the movement in an otherwise static landscape. Maybe it was just a sixth sense after years of hunting and fishing and being in the outdoors that stopped me in my tracks as I topped the rise in the trail and saw the spectacle before me down below where the trail crossed the creek.
No, I think it was the panties. I'm pretty sure it was the panties.
Two college-age girls 50 yards ahead -- the blond with nothing on but bright pink panties, splashing in the creek, titties bouncing in the dappled sunlight. The brunette still had her top on, and was in the process of tentatively sliding her shorts down over light blue panties, while furtively looking all around, seemingly not sure if this was a good idea. Her suspicions were confirmed as she saw me and we locked eyes, both startled, but me with the literal high ground and none of my parts hanging out.
She pointed at me and said something to her friend as she turned away and quickly pulled her shorts back up. The blond seemed more amused than startled -- she leisurely made her way to the streambank and started pulling on her clothes. I didn't quite know what to do with myself. It's not everyday you come upon half naked girls cavorting in a creek on a popular hiking trail. I didn't want to rudely stare, but on the other hand, they were the ones who chose to get naked in public.
I stopped and took off my backpack and fished out my water bottle, took a long drink and made a show of adjusting straps on the pack -- trying my best not to stare and come across like a pervert or a rapist. Finally, when I saw out of the corner of my eye that they were decently dressed, I shouldered my pack and headed on down to the crossing.
A friendly smile and a neutral greeting -- "Hello," I said.
"Hi," said the blond.
The brunette smiled sheepishly and nodded but didn't say anything. Her supersized breasts bulged out the front of an Ohio State T-shirt.
"Do you know if there are any good campsites along this trail?" asked the blond.
"Yeah, there are plenty of nice spots all along the creek for about the next 12 miles," I replied. "But with the holiday, things may get crowded -- better pick a spot before too late in the day."
"Thanks."
"What is that metal pole you're carrying?" asked the brunette, pointing to my aluminum rod tube, with the "Orvis" sticker on the side.
"That's a fishing rod."
"Oh, are there fish in this creek?"
"I sure hope so. Otherwise I brought a rod for nothing."Too smartass? Yep, probably so.
"Yeah, there are rainbow and brown trout in the creek, and some brookies higher up in the tributaries," I quickly added with a smile.
"I like to fish," said the blond. "I go bass fishing with my Dad all the time. I've never caught a trout, though. Hard to believe this creek is big enough for fish."
"Most of them don't get very big, but they are fun to catch."
I started making my way across the creek, rock-hopping from boulder to boulder, using the rod tube to steady me -- a metal rod tube does double duty as a hiking staff, especially helpful on creek crossings.
"Hope you girls enjoy your trip," I said as I crossed the creek.
"Thanks, you too!" from both.
Suddenly, I remembered the bear I saw crossing the trail a half mile back, and decided it would be a good idea to add a warning: "Make sure you keep a clean campsite and hang your food -- there are plenty of bears in here."
"Thanks for the warning," said the brunette, with just a glint of alarm in her eyes.
I headed on up the trail with an extra spring in my step and a little extra testosterone pulsing through the bloodstream. Summertime, a beautiful day, a 4-day weekend in a wilderness area, fish to catch, and oh yeah, half-naked pretty girls frolicking in the creek. Life is good.
As I hiked the next few miles, I pondered what I'd just seen. Why were two girls getting naked in the middle of the day right next to a popular hiking trail? Were they just going skinny-dipping? Were they nudists? A lesbian couple about to have a mid-day tryst?
Then it hit me -- I remembered all the media buzz over the last couple of weeks about naked hiking and nudity in the outdoors. A hiker on the Appalachian Trail had created quite a ruckus by celebrating "Nude Hiking Day" on the Summer Solstice wearing nothing but hiking boots and a backpack. A group of girl scouts out for a day hike -- or more specifically -- the chaperones for the group -- had raised holy hell and reported him to authorities and tried to get him arrested.
This had led to a whole bunch of newspaper articles and TV news stories about naked hiking, public nudity in general, and the laws about nakedness. It turns out that there is no specific federal law that prohibits nudity in National Parks and other federal land, like this Wilderness Area, as long as it isn't overtly sexual. However, local laws could result in an Indecent Exposure citation, the official line went.
So, there was an explosion of people out testing the boundaries of the law, their own inhibitions, and presumably, their tolerance for sunburns. The National Park and the Forest Service put out PSA's begging people to show some courtesy, but acknowledging that they weren't going to be out looking for naked people.
My guess was that these were a couple of free-spirited college girls out for a backpack who just wanted to participate in the nakedness-in-nature fad. More power to them. I'm just lucky I encountered a couple of young hotties rather than an old fat dude who wanted to flash the world.
Six miles up the trail, I set up camp at my favorite spot. Unlike the beaten down spots right along the creek, it's a lightly-used campsite about a hundred yards up a small side stream, out of sight from the trail. There is a pretty decent swimming hole at the main creek, with a flat rock big enough for one person. I set up the tent, gathered enough firewood to last the weekend, filled up the water container, and headed to the creek.
I came to fish, but was in no hurry -- I had all weekend ahead of me, and right now I just wanted a swim to wash off the sweat. I peeled off my sweat-soaked clothes and slipped into the icy water -- even in mid-summer the creek is cold enough to take your breath away. I swam out to the deepest part of the pool and went completely under for a few seconds to get acclimated, then dog-paddled and floated around for awhile, and climbed out and stretched out on the rock to dry off.
I'm not a nudist, and naked hiking doesn't appeal to me at all (I'm all too familiar with briars, mosquitos, yellowjackets, poison ivy, tree limbs, and sunburn), but lying naked on a flat rock to dry off after a swim -- well, that's just commonsense. This rock was far enough off the trail that I would likely go unnoticed, and I figured that by this time of day, this far up the trail, most backpackers had already stopped and set up camp.
With the warm breeze caressing my body and the roar of the creek in my ears, I dozed off quickly, with pleasant visions of pink and blue panties running through my brain before the lights went out...
Laurel Creek Journal, July 3, 1993:
The first dozen or so fish were rainbows, this was the first brown trout of the trip -- a solid 11 inches with bright red spots on the side over a rich buttery undertone on the flanks. They all took dries -- a parachute adams to start with, then an elk-hair caddis when things got slow, then the brown on an orange stimulator.
I had walked downstream from the campsite for over half a mile before getting in the creek and fishing back upstream, and was now just past the camp. I released the brown and realized that I had been fishing for 4 hours and the time had passed as if time didn't exist.
This is what wilderness is for!Three weeks of travel and meetings and work stress; erased by standing thigh-deep in flowing water with a flyrod in hand for a few hours, connecting with the natural world again.
I fished on up around the bend toward the big "Flat Rock" pool -- this is one of the biggest, deepest pools on the creek, and is usually good for a few nice fish. It has a large flat rock about 20 feet wide sitting in the edge of the creek, which makes this a popular camping, swimming, and loafing spot. On a holiday weekend, it was sure to be occupied.
As I rounded the bend and reached the tail of the pool, hoping there wasn't another fisherman already there, I got a jolt at the sight before me on the rock. The two college girls from yesterday, sunbathing on the rock without a stitch of clothing! The blond was sitting up with her legs spread, leaning back on her hands, eyes closed and face upturned toward the sun; perky tits with pink nipples shining in the reflected light off the water. The brunette was lying face down on a camping pad, head resting on her forearms and apparently asleep. Her white tan-lined buttocks stood out in sharp contrast to the rest of her tan.
What now?I stopped and pondered what to do. I felt a little like a dirty voyeur, like I was intruding on a personal, private situation. On the other hand, this was public land, I had as much right to be here as anyone else, and they had made a conscious decision to get naked next to a popular hiking trail on a holiday weekend. And there was no way I was not going to fish this pool.
So I made the first cast into the riffle water at the tail of the pool; halfway concentrating on the floating fly and half on the naked girls. Halfway concentration doesn't really work in fly-fishing, and I missed the first 2 strikes. I moved on up and cast to the slower, deeper water. After the first couple of floats in the slow water without a strike, I intentionally cast to a slow backwater pocket and just let the fly sit while I gawked at the nakedness.Okay, now I was being a dirty voyeur.Pretending to be fishing, but behind the polarized sunglasses my eyes were drinking in the blond hair, the pretty tits, the patch of light brown hair between her legs, the innocent yet erotic nakedness of a beautiful girl in the sunshine in nature.
My fly line finally got pulled into the current and I picked up and began fishing again. I'm not sure if it was the swish of the fly line through the air or what, but the blond suddenly opened her eyes and look startled as she saw me standing 40 feet away waist deep in the creek. After the initial shock, she seemed unconcerned about being naked with a voyeur, and more interested in watching me cast and fish. I mostly focused on fishing now, with just a glance at the girls out of the corner of my eye. I made several long casts up into the middle of the pool and got long floats with the fly, but no rises. My next cast went to the sweet spot -- a deep slot of dark water just below the whitewater at the head of the pool, not more than 10 feet from where the girl was sitting. The fly floated for a few seconds, then disappeared in a splash. I set the hook and the fish pulled hard and went deep, then the 15-inch rainbow jumped right in front of their rock, clearing the water at least a couple of feet.
"He caught a fish -- look, he caught a fish!" the blond exclaimed as she jumped up excitedly.
The other girl woke up and raised her head, but kept her breasts hidden with her arms folded in front.
The blond was standing on the edge of the rock now, completely unabashed about being nude, intently watching me play the fish. And it was a fight -- this was one of the biggest fish I'd hooked in this creek, and it had plenty of energy. A couple more jumps -- one of them actually splashed water on her feet, then a run toward some logjams on the opposite side of the creek, then finally I brought it to hand, my attention still divided between catching a fish and ogling nude girls.
I unhooked the fly, and held the fish up for the girls to see, then slipped it back into the water.
"Hey, why did you let it go? Aren't you going to keep it for supper?" the blond said, seemingly disappointed in the release.
"I'm just fishing for fun right now. I might keep some later to eat," I replied.
"Fly-fishing is so cool to watch," she said. "You looked like Brad Pitt in that movie."
No one before or since has ever compared me to Brad Pitt. Supposedly he never quite got the hang of fly-casting during the filming ofA River Runs Through It,so I'm not sure it reflects well on my casting chops, but hey, I'll take a compliment from a naked girl any day.
Now what?I'm standing waist deep in water a few feet from two naked girls, discussing fishing nonchalantly while (hopefully) my sunglasses hide the fact that I'm staring at the outline of pink pussy lips nestled in a pleasing triangle of hair.
"I hate to point out the obvious," I said, taking off my sunglasses and rubbing my eyes, "but you girls are naked. This is a popular wilderness area on a busy weekend. I'm just wondering..." I trailed off with a quizzical look.
"We just like going naked once in a while, especially outdoors," said the blond, "and we read that this was a good place to go backpacking and that it wasn't illegal to be nude in the wilderness area, so we came here for our summer backpacking trip."
"You're not offended, are you?" she added. "You seem to be into going naked too."
"Not offended at all. Not sure what you mean about me though, I've got all my clothes on."
"We saw you on the rock yesterday," said the brunette, as she sat up and released her magnificent breasts to the world.
I'm pretty sure I blushed; these girls must have hiked past while I was asleep, naked on the rock by my campsite yesterday.
"Well, you found the prime camping spot on the whole creek. But there will probably be quite a few hikers come up the trail today, so you might create some excitement -- especially if a Boy Scout group happens by. I'm Kevin, by the way."
"Hi Kevin, I'm Amy," said the blond.
"Jeanie," said the brunette, sitting up now and now seemingly as nonchalant as her friend about her nudity. She was slightly chubby, with big, pendulous breasts that looked like soft pillows, and dark brown nipples like the center of a black-eyed Susan. I tried not to stare, but don't think I succeeded.
"Where are you girls from," I asked.
"Cincinnati, Ohio," said Amy. "We both go to Ohio State."
"How about you," asked Jeanie, "do you live near here?"
"Yep, been here about 6 years, ever since I graduated from college. My job brought me here and I love it -- great place to live if you like the outdoors."
"You're lucky to live in such a beautiful area."
"Well, I'm going to fish on up the creek. You can get back to sunbathing without Brad Pitt distracting you."
"And you can concentrate on fishing instead of naked boobies," said Jeanie, with a grin to let me know she wasn't offended by my stare.
"Catch lots of fish," said Amy.
I waded on up to the next pool, trying hard not to turn around and review the scene. When I finally snuck a glance back before going around the bend, they were both stretched out face down on the rock, seemingly asleep.
The fishing was good -- probably caught and released another 30 fish, none as big as the rainbow by the rock. I turned up a small side tributary and caught some brookies above a waterfall; these native southern Appalachian fish don't get very big but they are beautiful -- the prettiest trout that swims, in my opinion.
By late afternoon I headed back down the trail, thinking salacious thoughts about the two naked college girls. Did I have a chance? They seemed flirty, especially Amy, and the age difference wasn't that great. And Ididremind her of Brad Pitt -- that can't be a bad thing. What should be my next move? Would they still be naked this afternoon?
No such luck. When I reached their campsite they were both in shorts and T-shirts, lounging around camp and getting cooking gear out of packs.
"Catch lots of fish?" asked Amy.
"Yep, I had a great day of fishing."
"Well, how many did you keep?"
"Didn't keep any yet, just fishing for fun."
She looked disappointed: "Well dang it, I was hoping we were going to have a fish fry tonight. I was hoping you would cook some trout for us."
Here was my opening..."Well, it's not too late. I'll go catch us some fish for supper. What are you going to contribute to the meal?"
"We have some freeze-dried noodles," said Jeanie. "And some freeze-dried blueberry cobbler for dessert."
"That sounds like a gourmet meal for sure," I said. "You give me about an hour, and bring your stuff down to my campsite -- I'm about 100 yards up the tributary creek from where you leered at the naked guy on the rock."
"Amy was the one who leered," said Jeanie with a laugh, "I had to pull her back on the trail to keep her from going to get a closer look."
"Aw, shut up," said Amy, giving her friend a punch in the arm.
I think I saw her blush a little.Maybe I do have a chance...
"Okay, I'll see you in a little while," I said, and headed down the trail, grinning inwardly.
*************************
It didn't take too long; the sun was off the water and a few mayflies were hatching, and fish were looking up. I caught 3 nice rainbows about 10-11 inches in the first 20 minutes, gutted them, and headed to camp and got a campfire going.
I spread out my foam sleeping pad next to the fire, leaned back against a big rock, poured myself a shot of whiskey, and lazily tended the fire.Life is good.
The girls showed up right on time, with a campstove and a ditty bag full of freeze-dried food and cooking utensils. Amy had on shorts and a purple shirt, her blond hair in a ponytail. Jeanie was wearing a sleeveless, low-cut top with no bra that showed off half her tits from any angle. The nipples poked out like the noses of puppies through a fence.
"Care to join me in a drink?" I asked, offering the flask.
"Sure. Thanks," said Amy as they both half-filled their Sierra cups.
We spent the next hour sipping and talking and topping off the campfire with firewood every time it got down to coals. Jeanie was a Psychology major, Amy was majoring in Outdoor Recreation Management, so she loved being outdoors enough to make a career out of it. It was fishing trips with her dad and family camping trips as a kid that sent her down this path. Jeanie didn't have the same outdoor experiences as a kid, but the girls had been friends since 8thgrade, and had gone on several backpacking trips together in college.
"Where's your frying pan?" asked Amy, as we started getting supper prep going.
"Don't need a frying pan -- I'm going to cook the fish in the coals," I replied. "You get your noodles boiling and I'll have the trout ready in no time."
I learned long ago that the best way to cook trout was wrapped in aluminum foil with a little cooking oil and salt and pepper -- about 7-8 minutes in the hot coals of a campfire was all it took.
I showed them how to peel the skin back and flake out boneless sections of meat away from the ribs, then pull the backbone and ribs out in one piece, leaving the other side of boneless meat on the plate. They both gushed over the fresh fish, and by the time we finished off the blueberry cobbler and poured the last of the Jack from the flask, we were all feeling pretty mellow and chummy. These girls were friendly and easy to talk to, and it was starting to feel like we were old friends.
"Would you teach me how to fly-fish?" asked Amy. "I'm pretty good with a spinning rod, but I've never tried fly-casting. It looks so... so... I don't know, artistic, maybe. It's like, more beautiful than it needs to be to catch fish, if you know what I mean."
"Because Brad Pitt does it, is that why?" I asked, with a little snark.
"Well, maybe that has something to do with it," she said with a grin. "Still, I would like to learn, and since Brad Pitt isn't around, maybe you could teach me. How about tomorrow?"
"Okay, I'll teach you on one condition."
"What's that?"
"You have to wear clothes."
"Aw, come on, don't you like seeing me naked?" she replied, with mock consternation.
"If you're standing naked next to me, there's no way in hell I can concentrate on fishing. If you're a good student and learn to cast well, then you can go naked."
"Okay, but if I catch a fish, you have to get naked too. Deal?"
"Okay, I guess so."(Right now I was picturing both of us naked with my cock inside her, her long legs wrapped around me and.........)
"It's a deal, I'll be up to your camp bright and early in the morning."
They gathered up their gear by the light of the campfire to head back to their own campsite, then realized they didn't bring a flashlight. It was long past dark, and even though the moon was almost full, some clouds had moved in about dusk and it was too dark to see the trail.
"How are we going to make it back to camp?" This from Jeanie, who couldn't believe that Amy didn't think to bring a flashlight -- she was the one who was always prepared.
"You probably won't make it halfway before the bears get you," I said. "But in the dark, at least you won't have to watch the bear chew your leg off."
Amy giggled, but Jeanie socked me in the shoulder with her fist.
"Okay, chivalry is not dead in the south. I'll walk you back to camp."
I got my headlamp on and had them get on either side of me -- arm in arm like I was escorting two girls to the Prom, and we headed up the trail. It was slow going since the trail was rough and rocky and I kept having to switch between putting the light at our feet so we could see where to step, and shining the path ahead to see what was coming next. And I was in no hurry because they were both sticking close and bumping into me -- I could feel Jeanie's pillow-soft breast against my left arm every few steps, and Amy's warm hands clutched my other arm. Feeling bold, I slipped my arm around her back, and when she moved closer and put her arm around me, I slid my hand down to the small of her back, with just the fingertips sliding into the waist of her shorts.
Warm, bare skin. Two beautiful girls. Big soft breasts brushing against my arm. I felt a hardening in my crotch, the beginning of a tent in my shorts. This camping trip was taking an unexpected turn toward the kind of fantasy you read about inPenthouse, and never expect to experience in real life. I wanted to slide my hand further down into Amy's shorts, caress her ass, but I was afraid of crossing a line and going too far.
We reached their tent about the time the tent in my shorts reached full peak. I let go of Amy and shined the light so she could retrieve both their flashlights from the tent.
Jeanie hugged me and said "Thanks for walking us back, you're a real gentleman." Then she took her flashlight and headed on past the tent. "I really have to pee; I'll be back in a little bit."
I flicked off my light and Amy and I stood in the darkness as Jeanie's light moved on up the trail.
"Alright, fly-fishing pupil, I'll see you in the morning bright and early."
"Not unless you give me a goodnight kiss first," she replied.
"You're pretty demanding for someone who just had to be walked home because you forgot a flashlight."
I pulled her close and kissed her, and the sexual tension that had been building up between us all day exploded into pure lust. We kissed like hungry animals, trying to devour each other. My headlamp clattered to the rocks as she clutched the back of my head. My hands went to her ass, squeezing her buttocks and pulling her against me, my hard-on now raging again and pushing against her belly. Our tongues searching, exploring, tasting, making love. I slid my hands down inside her shorts, underneath her panties, and felt the smooth bare cheeks of her ass.
She slipped her hand between us and felt my erection through my shorts, as I ran both hands up underneath the front of her shirt and caressed her bare breasts, rolling the nipples between thumb and forefinger -- they were instantly hard and begging to be sucked. I leaned down and sucked one into my mouth -- first the nipple, then the whole breast -- as much of it as would fit in my mouth anyway, as she moaned and tightened her grip on my cock. I licked across her chest and tried to swallow the other breast the same way. She moaned louder, and I kissed her again, muffling the sound, feeling her moans now more than hearing them, as I slid my hands down inside the back of her shorts again, cupping her ass with both hands and almost picking her up off the ground, grinding my cock against her crotch.
We had just enough external awareness to sense that Jeanie's flashlight was coming back toward us again, and reluctantly broke off the kiss. She relinquished her grip on my cock, and I slipped my hands off her ass and just held her close. Another quick kiss, and I felt around on the ground at my feet until I located my light, and then another kiss on the forehead, and a whispered "Good night."
Laurel Creek Journal, July 4, 1993:
"Okay, with a spinning rod you are using the heavy weight of a lure or a sinker to pull out a very tiny, light line. With a flyrod, it's just the opposite -- you're using the weight of a heavy line to pull a very tiny, lightweight fly along with it."
We were standing next to a big, flat pool, with minimal current and no low-hanging trees behind us to snag a backcast.
"And with a spinning rod, you're putting all your energy into the forward cast; with a flyrod you have to keep the line moving through the backcast as well. And you have to use both hands -- the right hand moves the rod, but the left hand has to deal with line control -- pulling out line from the reel as you cast, and stripping in slack line off the water as you fish."
"You're making this sound awfully complicated," she said.
"Well, if pretty boy Pitt can do it -- I have faith you can learn."
"Hey, are you making fun of my heartthrob? Watch out, buster."
"Sorry."
I stripped out about 20 feet of line and tossed it into the quiet pool in front of us, and handed her the rod. "Okay, pick the line up off the water and cast it behind you, then just false cast back and forth to get used to the rhythm of casting."
She picked up the rod smartly, and the line hit both of us in the face, the leader wrapping around my neck, the fly that fortunately I'd had enough foresight to cut the hook point off of dangling at my chest.
Laughing: "That's what you get for making fun of Brad."
More serious: "Okay, this is not as easy as it looks. Tell me what I'm doing wrong."
"Well, hold the rod off to the side of your body at a slight angle, so the line isn't moving in the same plane as your body," I said as I untangled the line from around us and tossed it back out in front. "And you stopped the cast before the rod even got vertical, so the line didn't have enough energy to get behind you."
On the next try the line went behind us, then back to the front, and she was actually false casting, in a manner of speaking. On every forward cast the line slapped the water in front of us, and on every backcast it smashed into the rocks behind us. Like almost every beginner, she was moving the rod in a 180-degree arc, and with too little power to keep the line in the air.
"Something doesn't feel right. Is the line supposed to be hitting the ground like that?" she asked.
"You're almost fly-casting -- we just need to tweak the timing a little bit. Here let me show you."
I moved in close and put my arm around her, and put my hand over hers on the rod grip. "I'm going to do the casting, I want you to turn and watch the line in the air as it goes back and forth, and just move with me."
I picked the line up off the water and shot it back behind, then powered a forward stroke just as the line straightened out in the air behind us.
"It's all about timing and the movement arc of the rod. The line follows the rod tip -- if you move the rod too far and point toward the ground, the line is going to follow and smack into the ground. If you stop the rod at the right place, but start the forward cast before the backcast has time to unroll, you meet yourself coming and going and have a big mess. And you have to have enough power and speed to make the line want to unroll."
I cast back and forth for awhile, with Amy watching the line intently. I cast the line to water in front of us, and stepped back. "Now you try it, and keep watching the line like you were doing."
She got a look of intense concentration on her face, like a batter on a 3 and 2 pitch with the bases loaded, and steadied her feet, took a deep breath, and started casting. And casting pretty well.
I took a few steps back and sat down on a big rock. "You're fly-casting," I said. "Just keep practicing until it feels comfortable."
She practiced for about 10 minutes; false casting 10-12 times and then laying the line out in front of her in a pretty good forward cast, over and over until she seemed to have a pretty good rhythm.
"Okay, now what?" she asked.
"There are two parts to fly-fishing," I said, "casting, and fishing. They aren't the same thing. Casting is all about getting the fly to go where you want it to. Fishing is about fooling the fish into thinking there is a tasty insect on the water free for the eating. And these fish in small streams are skittish -- you have to sneak up on them. If the fish see you, or see your fly line smack the water before they see the fly, you aren't going to catch them."
I pulled the leader in close and clipped off the dummy fly, and tied on a #14 parachute adams. "Now you're fishing with a sharp hook -- be careful."
We moved up to the next pool -- a fast riffle pool with no flat water.
She stripped out line and made 5-6 false casts, feeding out more line each time the way I had showed her, then made a decent cast into the upper third of the pool. Then waited.
"Where's my fly?" she asked.
"Exactly. Where's your fly?"
"Well?"
"Look downstream. Your fly and all your fly-line is trailing downstream. That's the thing about fishing in moving water -- you only get a few seconds of float before the current takes the fly and line downstream. That's where line control with your other hand is important."
I have to admit it was excruciating for the next hour -- watching a beginner fish -- resisting the urge to grab the rod and put the fly where it needed to be, and keeping the curses silent when a perfect pool was ruined on the first cast when the line smacked down hard through the middle of it.
But she gradually got better, and everything came together on a nice plunge pool with whitewater at the head and relatively flat, calm water below. She put the fly in the perfect spot just below the bubbles, and a 10-inch rainbow smacked it immediately. She played and landed it, and I took a picture of a proud fisher-girl with her first trout.
*************************
When we got back to camp Jeanie had their sleeping bags spread out on the big rock and was as naked as Eve in the Garden of Eden, her feet dangling off the side of the rock into the water and her beautiful tits hanging leisurely halfway to her belly button.
"I caught a fish!" said Amy excitedly, as she pulled off her top, releasing braless tits. Then her shorts, wet from wading in the creek, and her wet panties, peach-colored this time. "And Kevin has to get naked too."
I was a little nervous and embarrassed about this. I'm certainly not a prude, but going naked in public in daylight along a trail where I knew there were likely to be hikers (we had already seen a couple of groups of backpackers that morning) was intimidating.
I took off my shoes, then my shirt. Then hesitated. With Jeanie's tits on view and Amy's wet panties coming off, it suddenly occurred to me that I was on the verge of having a raging boner. Another thing to create embarrassment, naked here on the rock.
"Oh, come on, you promised," said Amy, as she moved toward me and reached for the snap on my shorts. "I'll take them off for you if you won't."
"Okay, okay, I'll do it." The last thing I needed was her hand anywhere near my crotch. I slid the shorts off and was nude in public in broad daylight with two hot naked girls for the first time in my life. Cold water; that's what I needed right now, I took two steps to the edge of the rock and made a cannonball leap into the deep pool. The icy water was refreshing, and instantly took care of the impending boner. As I surfaced, Amy landed a couple of feet away, splashing me in the face. We swam around for awhile, touching each other innocently underwater just in passing, legs brushing occasionally as we treaded water. Then not so innocently; I stood on the bottom in 5 feet of water as she wrapped her legs around my waist, arms around my neck, as I supported her with both hands cupping her ass cheeks, and we kissed. Passionately, dizzyingly. For long minutes we kissed. If not for the cold water, my cock would have been hard and would have been inside her.
"Let's get some sunshine and warm up," she said.
As we moved toward the rock to climb out, we were suddenly staring at Jeanie's naked crotch head on. She was lying on her back with a shirt over her face to block the sun, her legs bent at the knees and spread slightly apart, dark patch of hair between her legs, with long pink labia slightly spread apart, noticeable moisture glistening between the lips in the sunlight.
"Like the view?" Amy whispered, cupping my balls and what was left of my shriveled dick in her hand (asSeinfeld'sGeorge Costanza would say, "there was shrinkage").
"Have to admit I do," I replied.
"She's a sexy girl," said Amy.
"You're both sexy girls."
Her look told me that my comment was unnecessary, but appreciated anyway.
We sat in the sun on the edge of the rock with creek water dripping off, until we mostly dried off, then moved onto the sleeping bags next to Jeanie. I stretched out on my belly, wondering how much sun my pale body could take before getting burned. Amy got out some suntan lotion and rubbed it all over the front of her body. As I watched her fingers dimple the soft flesh of her breasts as she rubbed in the lotion, my dormant cock came back to life a little.
We lay there half-dozing for 20 minutes or so, when Amy woke up and turned over onto her stomach. "Would you rub lotion on my back?" she asked.
She reached over lazily and handed me the bottle of lotion with a smile.
I scooted over and squirted a big dollop of lotion down her back, then started rubbing it all over her back, the back of her arms, the back of her neck. Then I ran a squirt down one leg, coating her thighs, rubbing it into her calves, and then massaging it onto the bottom of her foot. Then I did the other leg, then hesitated. She already had a good bikini tan, but her ass was white as a sheet, and would easily burn if I didn't do my job. So I squirted a glob of lotion onto both cheeks, put the bottle down, and began slowly, sensuously rubbing it in. Using both hands, I massaged all the white skin that her bikini usually covered up. Well, almost all. With each circular pass on her buttocks, I squeezed her cheeks a little more firmly, and moved a little closer to the cleft between them, not touching her there, but teasing her -- teasing both of us, as my fingers slid down the inside of her butt cheeks, spreading them apart, giving me a view of her little pink asshole.
My dormant cock was dormant no longer -- it was fully recovered and banging against the side of my thigh as rubbed her ass. I got some more lotion on my fingers and ran both hands down her butt from her lower back, thumbs together at first, separating just slightly and passing within half an inch of her anus, then spreading her lower cheeks; pulling her pink pussy lips apart to show the wetness that was developing inside. I wanted to dive into all this pinkness, face first into her ass and her pussy, taste the wetness, feel the heat.
But I stopped with a final rub of lotion and a playful pinch of butt cheek, and lay back down, slightly crossing my legs and wondering what to do with this erection.
"Thank you," she said.
She raised up on one elbow and saw my hard-on. "What's this? It looks like somebody got over the frigid-water shrinkies."
"Sexy naked girls can have that effect."
She scooted closer and kissed me, and her hand went to my cock.
"I think we better get some suntan lotion on this thing before you get burnt." She got the bottle of lotion, squirted some into her palm, and the next thing I knew she was rubbing lotion onto my cock. I lay back and closed my eyes, blissfully contemplating the unreality of this situation; naked on a rock in the middle of the day next to Laurel Creek, a beautiful, sexy, younger girl that I had just met a couple days ago, with her hand on my cock. She was thorough and gentle, slowly rubbing the lotion all over my shaft, down onto my balls, coating my sack with more lotion and rubbing and caressing my balls, then a firm grip on my cock, sliding slowly from base to tip and back again.
Then again, slowly. Then again, a little faster. All pretense of putting on lotion was gone now -- she was giving me a hand job, and my erection was straining toward the sky. I pulled her close and kissed her, tongues swirling and sucking as her hand slid faster up and down my cock. I was in heaven as we kissed and she jacked me off, her grip getting firmer, her hand moving faster, our lustful kissing more intense. So close to cumming; my toes curling in the sunshine, the roar of the creek in my ears, the voices in my head, the voices...
Oh shit!The voices were real. Sing song voices, loud youthful voices, coming from down the trail. Lots of them -- yelling and joking and laughing. We both jumped up and ran toward the creek, waking Jeanie up as we went.
"We've got company," Amy said to Jeanie as we dove off the edge of the rock into the creek with a splash.
Jeanie splashed in a second later and we all swam out to the deepest part of the pool, trying to keep everything but our heads under the water. The first hiker came within sight a few seconds later. Then another, and another, and another. It was the Boy Scout troop I had cautioned the girls about the day before, finally arriving. At the worst possible time, it goes without saying.
Two adult scout leaders giving us the evil eye and at least 15 scouts, giving us somewhat different looks. We were mostly underwater, but the water was pretty clear, and the sleeping bags spread out and the clothing -- shirts, short, panties -- strewn out all over the rock made the situation pretty clear as well.
"Come on troop, let's move on up the trail," one of the scout leaders said, with a final disgusted but lecherous look back at the girls as he hustled the pack upstream.
We stayed in the water for another 10 minutes, wondering if another group of hikers was imminent. The girls thought it was funny, but I was kinda over the public nakedness and public sex fling; there were just too many people in the woods on the 4thof July. We finally climbed out and took turns drying off with a towel that Jeanie had brought, and quickly put some clothes on.
This was the worst case of ruined orgasm I'd ever experienced, and I embraced Amy with a passionate kiss, my hands sliding down inside her shorts (no panties), clutching her ass, sliding my middle finger between her cheeks, brushing her asshole, while whispering into her ear: "If I don't fuck you right now, I'm gonna go crazy."
"Come on guys, you need to get a room. Or a tent." It was Jeanie, smirking at us while gathering up her stuff. "I'm going to go for a little hike -- when I get back I expect to see some of this sexual tension taken care of. Is that clear?"
"Yes Ma'am," I said.
"If you insist," said Amy.
Jeanie slapped Amy on the butt playfully as she walked past, and was barely out of sight down the trail before Amy and I were naked in the tent, the sleeping bag and her legs both spread open. I kissed each breast; swirling my tongue around the nipple until it was hard and erect, slowly sucking as much of her tit into my mouth as possible, finishing what I had started the night before as my cock poked her in the belly. I slid down, licking my way to her belly button, swirling my tongue in and out, then licking my way quickly down to the patch of light brown hair a few inches lower.
I ran my nose down the length of her slit, inhaling the strong musky aroma, getting my nose wet with her juices, then licked her pussy lips open with one long swipe of the tongue. She moaned and ran her fingers through my hair as I ate her pussy; this beautiful pussy that had been teasing me for 2 days. I thrust my tongue as deep as it would go into her vagina, wrapping my hands around the top of her thighs and pulling her against my face, wanting to taste every bit of her. Licking the length of her gash again, and then wrapping my lips around her clit and sucking gently but hungrily, my tongue swirling around her clit. She bucked up against my mouth and pulled harder against the back of my head.
"You're going to make me cum," she panted.
I wanted her to cum, but I also wanted my cock inside her and I couldn't wait any longer -- I scooted up and lined my cock up with her wet cunt, and slid into her in one hard, fast thrust. She opened her legs even wider, inviting me into her wetness, as I sank down on top of her, wrapping my arms around her, holding the back of her head in the palm of my hand and kissing her again as my cock went deep.
She put her arms around my neck, and as she raised her arms I got a faint whiff of body odor, and it was the most erotic thing I've ever experienced. I know that sounds weird and disgusting. The thing is, she didn't shave her underarms. I noticed this the first time I saw her naked on the rock. I'd never been with a girl before who didn't shave there. It didn't bother me as much as I thought it would, it was just different. And although we had been swimming in the creek and washed off the dirt and grime, neither of us had had a real bath, with soap, in several days, and the hairy armpits trapped the body odor.
The mingled aromas of her musky pussy, the coconut oil in the suntan lotion, and her faint body odor created the most powerful Aphrodisiac I've ever known. So earthy and real and natural. I think my cock got even harder as I pumped in and out of her wet, tight pussy.
"Oh yeah, fuck me!" she whispered. "I want you to cum inside me."
That did it. I clutched the back of her head and sucked on her tongue and pounded her hard, my long-denied orgasm ripping through my cock and balls as I shot pulse after pulse of semen deep inside her. Her orgasm started about the time the second blast of cum spurted into her, and she dug her fingernails into my back and moaned -- not audible, but I could feel her moaning into my mouth as we kissed, and we both rode a hard orgasm out to the end, feeling the spasms as they got farther and farther apart and less intense, until we were moving slowly, leisurely, her pussy overflowing with cum, our ragged breath slowing down, the smell of sex permeating the tent.
"This weekend didn't turn as I expected." I said, finally stopping my thrusting and just lying on top of her, my semi-hard cock still ensconced in her sloppy wetness.
"You didn't expect to get lucky?" she said, giggling as she squeezed her cunt tightly around my cock, rhythmically milking the last drops of semen out of me.
"I didn't expect it. I did think about it, from the time I first saw you half-naked, splashing in the creek. But I didn't really think it would happen."
"I thought about it then too," she said.
"So, when did you decide I was going to get lucky?"
"When you caught the big fish in front of us yesterday. There's something about fly-fishing that turns me on. I knew when the fish splashed water on me that I was going to sleep with you."
Laurel Creek Journal, July 4, 1993 -- 11 PM Update:
We decided to get naked in the moonlight -- it was just too romantic a night not to. There was a full moon directly overhead, shining down on the creek and our rock, and plenty of fireflies lighting up the darkness below -- our Independence Day fireworks. A few bats were fluttering back and forth against the night sky, and cicadas were buzzing in the trees. No Boy Scout groups to worry about.
We had the sleeping bags spread out; I was leaned back against a shelf of rock that almost made an armchair, and Amy was sitting between my legs, leaning back against me. Jeanie was stretched out on her back a couple of feet away, looking at the moon.
With naked Amy leaning against me, and my hands in just the right spot at breast level, of course I was caressing her tits; slowly cupping them in my hands, feeling their weight and softness, tracing my fingers around the nipples lightly, first in one direction then the other direction, massaging them firmly, then lightly teasing -- just brushing the nipple as I breathed into her ear and nibbled her ear lobe.
I slid one hand down between her legs and found her clit -- just a light touch while the other hand pinched a nipple. I lightly traced the length of her slit, just brushing the outside of her labia.
Our conversation had gotten sexual; after Jeanie came back from her hike and found us in a blissful daze and reeking of sex, there had been a new kind of sexual tension in the air. Now after dark on the rock we had gotten into stories of how we had lost our virginity, and what some of our most outrageous sexual experiences were. Amy told about the time she did it in a car parked outside a music concert -- the concert let out just as they got naked, and R.E.M. fans started streaming by on both sides while they were fucking. They were too into it to stop, and keep fucking with fans cheering and tapping on the car windows.
I told about the time I got a blowjob in a dark alley with throngs of people passing 15 feet away -- if anyone had glanced in the right direction, they would have seen us.
Now Jeanie was telling us about the time she and her boyfriend did it in his dorm room, with his roommate sitting in a chair watching them and openly masturbating -- he came all over his jeans at the same time her boyfriend came inside her.
I slid my finger lightly down Amy's lips again -- they were wetter now, and she leaned into me a little more and her breath got more rapid. I coated my finger with her juices, and rubbed little circles on her clit; a low moan. I kept rubbing her clit -- more firmly -- more urgently, and her breath got faster and more ragged. I slid my middle finger inside and she gasped loudly.
At the gasp, Jeanie looked over at us and realized what was happening. "Amy, you shameless hussy. You guys are making me horny," she said.
I slid a second finger inside her pussy. "Oh fuck!" Amy cried. "That feels so good."
I worked two fingers in and out of her slick pussy, as Jeanie turned to watch us. Amy was moving with me now, pushing against my hand and straining to take my fingers deeper in her cunt. She glanced at Jeanie and they locked eyes for a few seconds, then she turned and kissed me. There was no stopping now. I fucked her with two fingers, moving faster and faster as her pussy got wetter and wetter and made loud squishing noises. As she was getting close to cumming, I pulled my wet fingers out of her pussy and rubbed her clit furiously.
"Oh yeah!" Grabbing my wrist, she came hard, bucking against me and pushing my hand harder into her crotch, as my fingers danced on her clit.
My cock was rock hard and poking into her lower back, and as her orgasm was winding down, she lifted up and found my cock with her hand and guided me inside as she sat down on my lap, my cock sliding into her wet pussy from behind.
"Oh come on, are you guys going to fuck like rabbits right here in front of me?" asked Jeanie. "You're really making me horny."
I guess weweregoing to fuck like rabbits in front of her.
"I can't help it," said Amy. "This feels so good." Then she added; "maybe I'll share."
"Maybe I'll share."The implications of this statement made my cock even harder, if that was possible.Was I going to have a threesome?
I glanced over at Jeanie, and she was propped up on one elbow watching us, and I saw that her other hand was between her legs, moving rapidly. Amy put both hands on the rock to get leverage, and started sliding up and down my cock hard and fast, driving me deep into her hot wet cunt. I was so turned on, not only by the fact that a tight pussy was sliding up and down on my cock, but that we were being watched. Watched by another hot girl who was masturbating to our fucking, another hot girl who I had been offered to, like a peace offering between two tribes.
I clutched Amy's tits in both hands and held on for dear life as she rode me, sliding her wet pussy almost off the tip of my cock and then slamming down to the base, finally sitting down hard and just grinding back and forth, squeezing me with her strong cunt muscles. I looked over at Jeanie and our eyes met as her hand moved faster between her legs; I bit into Amy's shoulder and shuddered as I shot cum deep inside, never taking my eyes off Jeanie's until my eyes glazed over with pleasure and I leaned back against the rock, squeezing Amy's tits and panting into the back of her neck. She leaned back with me and halfway turned around and kissed me, whispering, "is it okay if I share you with Jeanie?"
Well, okay, if you insist, dear. I'll take one for the team if I have to.Out loud: "If it's okay with Jeanie. And you're sure you're okay with it."
She climbed off my lap, dripping cum and pussy juice, and turned around and kissed me again, then gently pushed me over next to Jeanie, who still had her hand between her legs, working more slowly and leisurely now. I touched her tentatively, mouthing the words, "is this okay?" as I reached to caress a breast. She replied by reaching up and pulling my face between her breasts, her hand firmly on the back of my neck.
My dick was going to be useless for a while, but my mouth was hungry and eager to please -- I spread her thighs as I eased my body between her legs and embraced one of her breasts with both hands. I was like a baby with a bottle, or... a breast. I kneaded and squeezed her breast with both hands as I fed on her nipple like a hungry baby, sucking and licking and trying to swallow it. She had the biggest, softest, most fun to play with breasts I'd ever touched. The dark nipples got firm when I sucked on them; the size of ripe blackberries. I took turns worshiping each breast, sucking each nipple to hardness, then back again, as she moaned and ran her fingers through my hair.
Finally, I let her right nipple pop out of my mouth for about the 5thtime, and licked a wet trail down her belly, through her belly button (not stopping to linger, although it was tempting -- maybe some other time), and buried my face in her wet pussy. She was so wet! Amy's pussy was musky and powerful and earthy, the flavor of Jeanie's was more delicate, almost sweet, and incredibly slick and slippery -- my face was coated in her slippery juices almost immediately. She spread her legs to give me more room as I licked her slit from top to bottom, and wormed my tongue deep inside. But when I closed my mouth around her clit and began sucking gently and swirling my tongue on her clit, she clamped her thighs tight around my head and rocked from side to side, moaning; "that feels so fucking good." I slipped a middle finger inside her -- so hot and wet and slippery -- then slid two fingers inside and curled them against the front of her vagina, pressing against her G-spot. Then I started vibrating my fingers rapidly, spastically, and all hell broke loose. She bucked and twisted and clamped down on my head with her thighs and let out a little scream as she orgasmed around my fingers. I kept licking her clit until it became too sensitive and she pushed me away gently.
I had temporarily forgotten all about Amy, and when I looked up she was just lying there smiling, but I noticed she was caressing Jeanie's arm. I slid up between them and kissed Amy -- a deep, wet kiss, and she didn't seem to mind the pussy juice all over my face at all.
We lay back with our legs all entangled, my right hand lying on Amy's furry pussy and my left hand feeling the wetness of Jeanie's, with my middle finger dipped just slightly inside her slit (just keeping my hand warm), a head on each shoulder, and the full moon in our eyes. Three naked bodies, three intense orgasms, and the soothing sound of rushing water. We feel asleep in bliss.
Well, I fell asleep. I can't swear that the other two did. I like to think we all went to sleep, but maybe it was just me. Because the first sensation I became aware of when I regained my senses was of a hot wet mouth engulfing my cock. I slowly swam up from blissful unconsciousness to the realization that I was receiving a blowjob. No, a double blowjob. I looked down to see two heads -- one blond, one brunette -- my cock in one mouth and the other one licking my balls. I couldn't tell which one was doing what, and I stopped trying. I closed my eyes and felt my cock come back to life -- ready again for one or both of these beautiful girls in what ever order or combination they wanted......
Laurel Creek Journal, October 28, 1993:
It was really too cold to be wading wet, but here I am, feet as heavy and numb as blocks of ice. I didn't feel like packing the extra weight and bulk of waders, so I opted for a lightweight, fastpack trip into Laurel Creek -- the last trip for the year. It was sunny earlier in the day, and the fish were hitting on top -- the browns brightly colored and hungry, getting ready for spawning. It clouded up mid-day, and the dry flies stopped getting rises, so I switched to a big weighted nymph, dredging it deep through the bigger pools, hoping for a monster brown.
Now I'm at the big Flat Rock pool, and instead of wading waist deep in frigid water, I hopped up on the rock and fished from a dry perch overlooking the pool. I added a couple of split shot to the leader, and tossed the nymph into the whitewater at the head of the pool, and tight-lined it down through the dark water below. The line stopped, just for a second, and I set the hook. At first I thought I was snagged on a rock or log, but then the line moved downstream, and I felt the weight of the fish. It hugged the bottom and headed for the logjam on the opposite bank.A brown, possibly the fish of the season?I turned it before it reached the tangle of limbs, and the fish jumped, two somersaults, and I saw the rainbow stripe down the silvery side. Is thisThe Fish?The fish that started it all? A minute or so later I was holding a fat rainbow, every bit of 15 inches long, maybe a little more. My lucky fish.If you only knew what you started...
I slipped it gently back into the water, reeled in my line, and headed down the trail -- I had miles to cover before dark to get to the trailhead, and a long drive ahead of me to Ohio for the weekend.