The sun found a way to sit directly at eye level above the road while simultaneously glinting mischievously from every reflective surface surrounding and attached to John's SUV. Forced to pull his old Toyota RAV4 to the curb for the third time that morning, he tried in vain to read street signs shaded to black, or blindingly reflective in the early morning light. A deep sigh rumbled from his gym-built chest as his head slumped down to the steering wheel. He was in his mid-twenties, attractive, with wavy above the shoulder length hair, but cursed with terminal shyness. Even if there was someplace around to ask for directions, he knew he wouldn't get out of the vehicle.
"In 400 meters turn left." His phone chirped from the passenger seat.
"That is the canal you stupid piece of shit!" he said ineffectually to the electronic device. "Where are those directions..." He retrieved a crumbled scrap of paper from the passenger seat and opened the maps app on his phone. He looked at the paper, his phone and then squinted up to the sign. "Ok so one block that way... and then right... I think...?"
Signaling his intention, he pulled back out onto the nearly disserted street. He sighed cursing himself again for agreeing to this trip. It seemed like a good idea at the time. A four-day drive across country with a woman he had a crush on for most of the summer. Maybe it would be enough time to build up the courage to ask her out on a date. Tanya had a voice like liquid silk, and a body to match. She was a slim tall blond with porcelain skin, ice blue eyes, and fine hair. Simply put, she was exceedingly beautiful, and she knew it. John could never say no to her, and she knew that too, so Tanya had approached him one day at work.
They were seasonal staff at the butterfly house near Niagara Falls, Canada. The job was great for the college students, easy summer money, and free admission to the rest of the park attractions. There were a lot of other students working there, all female, and John. He was friendly with all of them, social enough to know all their names, and shy enough to not ask any of them on a date. Tanya found out in late July that she had been accepted to graduate school at the University of Alberta. She knew John was going there as well, and that he had plans on driving up at the end of the summer. It was only after he had agreed that he found out her two roommates were going to accompany them. It just so happened that all three women were planning to attend school in Edmonton. Marie who he wasn't overly fond of, Lee who he liked well enough, and Tanya, the woman of his dreams, the wet ones anyway. Marie and Lee, also worked at the butterfly house, and both shared a house with Tanya in St. Catharine's, just outside Niagra Falls.
"Fuck me, found it... Meredith Drive..." He said with relief as he turned onto the correct road.
"In 300 meters perform a legal U-turn towards Queen Elizabeth Way west and then proceed..."
"Fucking shut up!" John said turning down the volume on his phone. "22... 24... so that must be 26... and there is Marie." He said quietly with an exasperated sigh. "Let's get this shit show started..."
The narrow street was exactly like every other narrow street in every other small town. He pulled up to the curb and took a deep breath before getting out of the car. Plastering on his best customer service fake smile he managed a wave to the beautiful young woman sitting on porch steps.
Marie was sitting with her elbows perched on her knees and her head in her hands, daydreaming, not really paying attention to anything. She hadn't moved and didn't seem to notice that he had pulled up, lost in her own thoughts, her usual mode ever since the first day they met at the start of the summer. It was one of the things about Marie that annoyed John the most. They had worked the ticket booth and grounds of the butterfly house. She would often daydream and lose track of whether people had paid, or if she had given them tickets, or the numbers in a group. Management didn't seem to notice or care. She had a quality about her, a 'Je ne c'est quoi' that made people feel good being around her. He just couldn't see passed the vacant looks.
Often on their breaks Marie would wander through the exhibit, inhaling the warm humid air, and seemingly call to the delicate insects. They would flock to her, landing on her hair, shoulders and back. John would watch her wander; she would barely take notice of the tourists crowding the walkways. There, like now, the very air around her seemed to glow. A light flowing white peasant style halter top hung off her firm athletic frame. The shirt's elastic held it around her chest exposing freckled and tan line free shoulders and arms, while the folds of loose material accentuated her pert B cup breasts. As was her habit, her wavy long fiery red hair was pulled to one side, hanging carefree down her right shoulder. She looked like a model in the morning sun.
There was no denying she was attractive, but the ease of her life, the not caring and lack of attention, he couldn't get over. John licked his lips and took a deep breath to try and get her attention again. He brought himself up to his full six-foot height and waved a tan muscular arm, finally calling out "Hey Marie! Sorry I'm late! Ready to get rolling?"
Breaking her reverie, she smiled banally and waved."Salute Jean! Une seconde s'il te plait!"She jumped up and trotted into the house.
"English Marie, please..." John said exasperatedly to her retreating back. That was the other trait that just rubbed him the wrong way. All summer she would slip into her native French when she wasn't thinking, or when she was excited, or both. Some found it endearing, others annoying, and though he had to accept it, he never liked it. He found her lackadaisical attitude condescending, and her language slips frustrating. He sighed, thinking of the next four days in the vehicle with her. Hoping it would be worth it in the end, he gathered up the stuffed duffle bag Marie had left on the steps and set about packing it in the roof rack storage bin.
"Are we not putting the luggage inside?" Came the silky voice from behind him. John froze, goose flesh erupting on his arms. He was anticipating this. All summer it has been this way. Tanya would not greet him with normal pleasantries. It was always straight to the point. She was not a person to waste words which, to John's mind, was unfortunate. When she spoke, it was as soft as gentle summer breeze, and just as warm. Her voice could sooth any screaming child who was overwhelmed by the fluttering insects or melt the heart of the irritated American tourist. If she wanted, she could have had anyone eating out of her hand. But she didn't, at least not that John had witnessed. The sound of her voice always gave him shivers, and if he was not careful a very unprofessional hard-on
"Good morning, Tanya. How are you this morning, Tanya?" John said through a sharp intake of breath.
She stood staring at his muscular back frozen in place since she spoke. Her arms folded across a button up long-sleeved summer top and flowing full length sarong. "Good morning, Johnathan." She said with a saucy smile she saved for when she greeted him. She relished watching his barely controlled reaction to her. She knew she was beautiful, and loved the attention, but watching John twitch as she spoke, that was worth twenty turned heads. She had waited all summer for him to ask her out, toying with his shyness like she did; she thought she was encouraging him. Instead, it had the opposite effect. "Won't the luggage get wet on the roof?"
John cleared his throat. "It could I guess, if we opened the rack in the rain, but that is why hotels have that covered entrance for dropping off and loading up. So, nothing important gets wet."
"Sometimes though, wetter is better!" came a cheerful voice from the steps. Lee stood on the stairs waiting for someone to acknowledge her joke. She was a free spirit, always smiling innocently while making every statement sound dirty. She had a knack for keeping the day light, making the work crews blush, and generally improving everyone's mood. It was her presence that John hoped would make the trip survivable.
He gave the off color joke a slight smirk as she skipped smiling down the stairs. Her backpack was stuffed to seam stretching fullness and dwarfed her small frame. She carried it seemingly without effort. Her long-time hobby of hiking and rock climbing meant Lee was deceptively strong. A full pack of clothes was not even close to the normal weight she carried for fun. Her whip straight jet-black hair, bobbed off just above the shoulder, was tossed about in the gentle breeze. She wore a plain white tank, with no bra, cut off short shorts, and black leather doc martin hikers.
"Must you..." said Tanya over her shoulder as Lee slipped passed her.
"Only always!" She said as she took off her pack. "Thanks again for doing this John."
"Don't mention it." John grunted as he hefted the bag over head. He had to buy the rack and the storage bin after he agreed his extra crew. It was an expensive purchase, but he knew they would need the room. "It is a long drive to Edmonton, and if you ladies are willing to split gas, then it saves us all money. It isn't as if we all got rich working at the butterfly house." He said finally snapping the lid closed.
"Mais bien sûr!" said Marie rejoining the group "University istrop cher,and Edmonton even more so. I will need to make my savings stretch until next summer. What about our laptops?"
"In the back, behind the seat." He said trying to sound cheerful but already regretting the trip. "Now, if we are ready, let's get this party rolling!"
The women all ran individually back up the stairs to hug and offer goodbyes to a middle-aged man standing in the door frame. There were a few tears and cheeks kissed but eventually everyone had settled in. The excited energy lasted for a couple of hours. Much to John's disappointment, Lee sat in the front passenger seat and filled him in on all their plans for when they get to Edmonton.
"... And then my dad will send up the stuff from the house. He said it will only take a day or two. If he sent it now, it would get there before we did." Lee laughed at the thought. She sat with her legs crossed, shoes discarded on the floor, and constantly shifting around on the seat.
"So, was that him at the house?" John said.
Lee smiled nodding "Yeah, it is his house, he just let us live there for the summer. He said he would rather have us there than anyone else. Not that he was there though. I mean he bought the house when I said I wanted to live closer to work. I don't know what he is going to do with it now."
"He just bought it? A house in St. Catharine's? Jesus..."
"Mhmnn."
"So, you really didn't need that summer job then..." John had been getting more and more amazed at the details that had flowed out of Lee. Her family fortune, and her need to keep up high marks to stay in her father's good graces.
"I guess not... I mean Dad is paying for school, and the house in Edmonton, and everything. But I was just soooo bored last year, and he is always wanting to keep me happy and out of trouble. I can get a little... itchy when I get bored. That is also why he encouraged me having roommates, but it didn't help much" she said the last part with a smirk and wistful look out the window.
"Never would have guessed..." John whispered.
"Where are we anyway? I just love this driving thing! Flying is over so quick. I've never even been this far north of the city in a car!"
"We are just coming into Barrie."
"Oh, that is where Lisa is going to school!" Lee said giggling and turning to the other ladies in the back seat. "Wow she doesn't have a long commute then, back home on weekends for a little in and out with the boyfriend and free laundry!"
"Lisa... Lisa... you sure she has an actual boyfriend? Wasn't she fucking that maintenance guy? Brian?" Tanya said coldly.
"Non, Colleen baise Brian, Lisa was with Holly-o? I think? I never meet any Holly'sdans le travail" said Marie losing interest halfway through the sentence.
"Julio." corrected Lee rolling her eyes "Lisa didn't like girls. At least she kept turning me down..."
John's face flashed bright red, and he started to sweat. He smiled and giggled nervously, pulling at the collar of his t-shirt.
"Lee... I think you are making our driver uncomfortable..." Tanya said with a smirk; the warm silk of her voice flowed over him like a wave. He got even redder and squirmed in his seat. He could just see the smirk on her face in the rear-view mirror.
John's voice cracked as he spoke. "NO... no, I just didn't know you were gay Lee."
"Oh, I'm not gay, I like guys too. Separately or together, it is all fun for me. Do you like groups John? I like as many people as I can get, all slipping around, over and under everyone..." She said this staring wide eyed at john, hands clasped on her cross legs, shuffling in the chair to face him directly, her small frame barely covering the seat. The innocence in her voice did not match the words of the sentence. She giggled again and tugged playfully on the bottom of her tank top, while arching her back, pushing her taught nipples against the fabric. John was sweating and staring at her play.
"You know if you miss this turn off, we will be going to Orillia..." Tanya said, her enjoyment clearly audible in her voice.
"Ah shit!" blurted John, as he snapped out of the fantasy. He blushed even more, and merged into the correct lane, trying as he did to correct his increasingly uncomfortable crotch.
Lee collapsed in a fit of giggling at his discomfort and fell back against the door.
"Oh, this is going to more fun that I thought..." murmured Tanya with a smile.
"Well, I just hope your fun doesn't get us all killed..." muttered John looking around at the thinning traffic. The further from the city they got the more spread out the cars were. "Are you ladies hot back there?" He said tugging as his collar again.
"I can't speak for those two, but I've got a killer ass!" said Lee laughing even harder. This got Tanya snickering too and even Marie giggled.
"Ha Ha." Said John, "Well some of us are feeling a little warm."
"Hot under the collar you mean..." jibed Lee, causing all the women to burst out into full laughter.
John sighed and smiled along with them. He turned up the air conditioning to try and alleviate his discomfort. He thought he caught Lee sneaking glances at his crotch, as her laughing subsided. The embarrassment faded away with his erection and a comfortable silence settled in the car as everyone got lost in their own thoughts or phones. The asphalt rolled out behind them, and the warm morning turned into a hot afternoon. Outside Sudbury they stopped for snacks, gas, and a pee break.
"I think we are making good time." John said casually pulling back on the highway.
"God, why is it every male has to make that statement when they drive." Tanya said as she settled into her seat. "You are going a set distance at a set speed; the time will be the same."
"I don't know, perception I guess." Muttered John. He was hoping to make some kind of connection with her on this trip and here they were four hours on the road, and it looked like the only thing he was making her was mad.
"Well, a steady pace might not be the most exciting ride... but it will get you there..." Lee said with a smirk on her face. Tanya rolled her eyes at the innuendo while John snickered.
Fifteen minutes later they were stopped in a long line of cars. A bright orange road repair warning sign stood leering in at them.
"So much for a steady pace." John said running his hand through his hair.
"Can't be too long, I mean there are cars moving passed us, so they are letting people through." Lee said trying to sound hopeful and see around the transport truck they were staring at.
"Can we have the air a little highers'il vous plait?" Marie said fanning herself and fluffing her shirt.
"Yes, all the heat from outside has settled back here." Tanya too was trying to cool herself down by fanning herself with her shirt.
John put his hand up to the vent. The air was moving but not very cold. He turned up the fan. "That should help but I don't know how much colder this old girl can get. I mean, the AC is working overtime with this heat, but it can only do so much. It should get better when we start moving again."
Ten minutes later they were still there. Everyone looked to be taking turns plucking at or fanning themselves with their clothes. Tanya and Marie were melted into the seats with sweat glistening on their faces. Lee had ventured outside to see if there was any sign of movement. The vents were blowing warm air, or at least it seems like that until they rolled down the windows and felt the full force of the heat roll in from outside.
"Nothing moving anywhere." Lee said climbing back into the passenger seat. Waves of hot air flowed like water through the open door. "Feels better in here though."
"It won't for long, once you're in for a while. Learn anything?" asked John.
"The construction must be on the other side of the turn up ahead. That nice trucker let me climb up the side of his rig to look further but the only view anyone had was down my shirt, And I've seen that one before. The trucker seemed to like it though. He did have a nice body though. Not the typical trucker type you know? Big dick too..."
"Whoa, whoa! What?" John asked shocked
"He wasn't wearing anything. Not a stitch of clothes. Said he always drove naked, except for his hat and boots of course. Most people can't see into his cab at all, too short he said. I don't think I will be able to look at a truck the same way again..." Lee lapsed into silence staring out the window rubbing the sweat from her neck.
"Well, I... I guess... if you are alone."
"Johnathan, are you jealous of that trucker now." Tanya asked with a smirk.
"NO..." John said with a crack in his voice
Lee turned to look at him with a saucy smile, "You don't have to be shy in front of us John..."
A car drove passed in the opposite lane, and the transport trailer lights flashed red in front of them.
"Traffic is moving again..." John said a little relieved, but glancing in the rear view, he could see the smirks and stifled giggles on the faces in the back seat.
Five minutes later they are stopped again. Everyone groaned as they pulled up to a stop.
"Give me a second." Lee said as she jumped out and ran up to her new friend in the truck. Everyone watched in silence as she disappeared around the trailer. They sat waiting, a few minutes later she returned, flushed and smiling.
"Did you learn anything new?" John asked as she got back in.
"Hmmm?" Lee said with a naughty smile.
"The traffic?" John asked wiping his forehead with the back of his hand. "Did your wild and free trucker up there know anything?"
"He had to switch off his radio, so no. But I could see the other side of the construction now. There is a long line of vehicles over there. So, we might be in for another wait." Lee layback the seat a little and kicked off her untied hikers, curling up with her knees under her chin, she bit her lip smiling to herself.
The brief respite created by moving down the road did little to help the air conditioning. No one spoke for ten minutes, the heat taking the words from them, no one wanted to move. The temperature had reached a plateau. It wasn't getting cooler but the sun was behind a hill, so they were no longer baking. John started to shift in his seat. Moving to try and get air to flow to different sections of skin, pulling at his shirt, sighing and moving again, shaking the whole SUV with each shift.
"Must you?" Tanya asked. "Can't we just sit here and melt in peace."
"Ugh I can't stand this anymore." John said and he reached down and pulled his shirt roughly over his head. Sighing with relief as the moving air rushed across his bare chest.
"That is hardly fair." said Tanya from behind him.
"Seems to be the theme of this road." Lee said admiring John's body with a lusty stare.
"Sorry, I can put it back on in a minute... It is just that the air feels cooler without it..." said John sheepishly to the woman behind him. Marie glanced at him, and then turned back to the window.
"No, that's not it." Tanya bit back. "It's just... Well, what are we supposed to do?"
"This is still Ontario you know." said Lee "There are no laws here against women being topless."
"Yes, but it still isn't commonly done is it!" Tanya stated in frustration. "Laws or no laws, not everyone is comfortable being half naked in public."
"You didn't mind during the summer?"
"The back yard is a little different Lee. And we are going to pass a bunch of construction workers now. Not to mention we are in mixed company." The heat had not only made her uncomfortable, but increasingly frustrated and a little angry as well.
John sat frozen in place, trying to force himself not to blush at the conversation. He couldn't stop himself though, imagining these beautiful women lying naked in the sun. He reached out and fiddled with the environment controls, trying in vain to make everyone more comfortable.
"Like I said if it bothers you Tanya, or either of you ladies I can put my shirt back on."
"I'm not bothered John. But I have the best view so I might be biased." Lee said openly ogling his muscular chest and abs.
John cleared his throat. "Well, let me know, okay? God only knows how long this wait will be..." Another 10 minutes passed with no movement. The passengers each kept trying to get cooler air by rolling down the window, only to be rewarded with a blast of even hotter air from outside. Both Marie and Tanya were shifting in the back seat. John started toying with the shirt in his lap, wondering if he was adding to their discomfort.
"Oh tabernac! Je me fous plus!"Marie said emphatically as she leaned forward and pulled her loose peasant shirt up and over her head. She quickly reached behind and released her bra. She sighed with relief as the moving air caressed her pert breasts. With a contented smile she relaxed back against the seat breathing"Ahhhh C'est mieux."
John's mouth went dry watching her in the rear-view mirror. He tried to swallow. "Umm, English please Marie."
Lee was smiling as she watched John's reaction. "She just said 'She doesn't care anymore.' To be honest I am surprised she lasted this long. There is normally not a lot of clothing on or around Marie when she wasn't at work. Maybe we should have warned you John? You learn a lot about people when you live with them. Another reason it was a good thing Dad didn't visit us."
"Yes but walking around naked in secluded back yards or inside a closed house are completely different situations from stripping bare assed on the highway in an SUV." stated Tanya, wiping a line of sweat from her forehead.
"The truck driver doesn't seem to mind. And trust me he wasn't just sitting naked. There were parts of him standing straight up..." Lee said rubbing her thighs together.
John was getting confused. Glancing repeatedly in the rear view he could see Tanya shooting dirty looks at Marie. He couldn't tell if she was genuinely angry or in fact jealous of Marie's daring. He wanted to know what exactly Lee saw in that truck and how did this naked summer start, and a million other things. Instead, he only sat, tight lipped, holding the wheel and forcing himself to stare straight ahead. The line of traffic started rolling forward shortly afterward. The air moving over the engine helped the labouring AC unit, but the temperature didn't really cool down.
Marie started to get annoyed by the icy glances from Tanya. "They are just breasts, missy prissy, and no one is forcing you to do anything." Marie said stretching languorously, letting the air flow over her. "But it does feel very nice, and sometime the attention is nice too. I see you looking Tanya,et toi aussiJohn." As they rolled passed men and women in bright yellow vests and hard hats, holding signs, or shoveling steaming asphalt, some caught a glimpse of Marie, and they would turn their head or perk up and just smile. The vehicle picked up speed once they were passed the workers, but still the air remained heavy.
As the road rolled out behind them, John tried to focus on driving, but the contented sighs and the beautiful display kept drawing his eyes to the backseat. His shorts too were getting increasingly more uncomfortable and trying to subtly adjust his half-hard cock was a second distraction. Marie lazily lay down and out of his view. Initially he tried to subtly adjust the rear view so he could see more, but he got nervous that he was being too obvious and more than a little creepy.
John could see the reflection in the side mirror of Tanya leaned against her door, with her eyes closed. Three buttons were open on the top of her loose blouse, and with her sleeves rolled up she had one arm stretched along the glass. John's half-mast dick pulsed lazily at Tanya's nearly open shirt. He was obviously not the only getting used to Marie's open reminder of their naked summer. John couldn't see directly but he knew Marie was curled up contentedly on her side, resting her head in Tanya's lap. The two women seemed to be dozing.
Lee, who had not stopped watching him, was getting the most force from the air. She kept lifting her shirt to expose her midriff to the air and used the breeze to gently fan the underside of her breasts. "Ugh this is ridiculous." She said shifting and moving around trying to get comfortable. Tugging at her shirt and scratching her back she sighed resting her head against the dash. Her movements gave him flashes of her small dark nipples. The hard nubs had not been well concealed from the start, but her tugging and pulling meant the shirt had stretched to wandered, nearing the point of indecency.
"Look, I'm sorry about the heat." John apologised.
"It's ok John, cars break, and you couldn't have predicted this late summer heat wave." Lee said pulling the neck of her shirt out to try and catch the breeze from a different angle. She was half turned from John, but not for the sake of modesty. She kept rubbing the back of her neck with one hand and it looked to John, like her face was flushed but she wasn't sweating a great deal.
"Yeah, but you ladies are suffering more than me. Well not Marie I guess." His cock twitched at the reminder of the bare breasted beauty in the back.
"Well, it is different for them in the back. I mean I'm no prude or anything... far from it... but being in the front... I don't want to distract you too much."
John's mouth went dry. "ummm... what... do you mean distraction."
"Oh, come on John, I can see your pants twitch from here. If you even think about who is sitting behind you, your cock responds... Like that!" She said smiling, her face turned towards him still leaning against the dash. "Plus, Marie has her tits out for the world to enjoy, well out to see at least, no one is enjoying anything..." The last part she muttered under her breath.
John flushed red at his involuntary response. The blush extended from his cheeks down across his muscular chest until I reached the top of his chiselled abs.
Lee bit her lip watching him glow red. His obvious arousal ebbing away her weary inhibitions. Her voice became softer, "And don't get me wrong. I'm sitting in a virtual swamp of pussy juice here. That trucker so brazenly stroking his cock, and now your hot body, and with Marie's display... I'm just really... very... fidgety..." She had turned to face him, two feet tucked up to one said, her hands in fists pulling her shirt out thin, like a balloon.
John's blush got deeper with Lee's blunt confession of what she saw in the truck; the very same truck that was still in front of them. He couldn't help but think of the man driving ahead, masturbating on the road. He was slack jawed, his cock twitched. "He was... what?"
"Good God you are so deliciously innocent..." She said with a sultry smile. "he said that he has been doing that since Sudbury and will try to edge his way to Thunder Bay tonight. It helps him stay focused he said. It just put me in a mood."
"Ummm, ok... And so... it is your mood that would distract me?"
"This is harder than I thought it would be." She sighed, sitting back to face forward with her legs crossed again.
"Maybe just tell me?" He took a sip from his water bottle to get some moisture back in his mouth.
"Ok, it isn't my mood specifically but rather... well, what I need to do to get comfortable, to get rid of this itch. I mean, the girls don't care, we all got pretty comfortable around each other during the summer, but you are... a wild card so to speak." As she spoke her finger had wound it's way through the strap of her tank top, while the other hand traced slow scratches up her inner thigh.
"Look, cards on the table..." John spoke barely above a whisper while doing a quick mirror check to see if the back seat was still sleeping. "I didn't want this many people in the car. I mean when Tanya asked me, I thought maybe I could get to know her, and maybe get a date or something in Edmonton..."
"My god you are blind..." Lee said through clenched teeth.
"Then there was two more," John continued not hearing her, "and I thought well this trip is a total bust. Now my fucking SUV has shit the bed with the A/C, Tanya probably thinks I'm a creep for getting half naked. Even if she did like me, Marie hanging her tits out for the world is not helping me. Now you are telling me the guy ahead of us is... is..."
Lee interrupted with a moan at the reminder of the naked trucker and his proud hard cock. She tilted her head back, digging her nails into her thigh, biting hard on her lower lip, and closing her eyes. John paused, dumb struck by her reaction, until she came back from her fantasy. A little more ragged in her breathing.
He sighed, "I don't know what to think anymore, guys jerking off in trucks, you girls and your naked summer..."
Lee stared at him, through half lidded eyes, waiting for him to process. He sighed again.
"You know what... fuck it. I think we are all adults. I already know more about you and Marie than I did all summer, and we are only five and half hours into the trip. We are going to be spending the next couple of days together; in close quarters at that... God knows what else we will learn about each other in that time. I mean... we are going to have to... well we should be comfortable around each other."
"Are you sure it wouldn't be too much?" Lee said quietly, full of anticipation. She had stopped tugging her strap and was now rubbing her hand across her firm core just below her braless breasts. Her thumb was extended up, tickling the bottom curve of tits. Her other hand now had a firm grip on her inner thigh.
"Be careful what you agree to Johnathan." came a silky whisper from behind him.
John swallowed hard. "I'm sure it will be fine..." he said hesitantly. Glancing over to watch Lee's nipples get impossibly harder.
"Ok! If you are sure..." Lee said, not hearing Tanya, and with a smile she lifted her thin shirt over her head.
John sighed. This was exactly what he thought she wanted, and even though he knew it was coming, or maybe because of it, his cock pulsed in response.
"Mmmmm that is nice. I think your cock likes my tits, John." She moved her hands up and grabbed both her nipples as she spoke. She gasped at the pressure. "You are probably going to want to adjust his position, because if he liked my tits, he is going to love this."
"I warned you..." came the soft whisper again from the back seat.
John watched out of the corner of his eye as Lee twisted in her seat. She lifted her slim ass up slightly and slid her shorts off and onto the floor. Sitting naked in the passenger's seat she had her eyes glued to John's crotch watching his cock strain and push against the athletic shorts. One hand was tugging and pulling on her hard dark brown nipple, the other started to rub between her legs.
"Oooo the pooor guy seems trapped in there... mmmmm... It shouldn't be too much of a surprise John... nnnuggghhh... but I am a bit of an exhibitionist, and voyeur for that matter." She moaned out the words as her fingers went to work.
"Watching your cock twitch out every time Tanya speaks" she was panting now "and then that trucker's cock... ugghhhhhh... and Marie's tits... mmmhhhmmm... it has me so turned on." She moved one leg up on to the dash spreading her pussy wide with her fingers.
"When Marie gets even a little naked..." She started to slowly rub her clit "huuunnnnnmmmm... well, let's say it has been a very enjoyable summer. mmnnnn... She never wore any clothes around the house. You might want to adjust your mirror again John, so you can keep one eye on the road." She was slowly working her fingers inside her slick cunt.
John realized he was staring directly at her, but knew he needed to concentrate on driving. At her suggestion he reached up and moved the rear-view mirror, angling it hard towards Lee. He watched as first one and then two fingers slid in and out of her wet cunt. The fingers that were rubbing at her clit moved faster and faster.
"Can... Ugghghggg... can you see.... Uhugggnnnn...."
John nodded, and then croaked out a thin "Yes..."
"Please John," Lee panted, "take out your cock. Let me see it... I want to see how hard I can make it."
"ummm? I uh..." He had been absent mindedly rubbing the bulge in his shorts and this second request made him realise this.
"Please, uhhnngggg... fuck... please..." Lee moaned.
John unconsciously undid his shorts and reached in for his cock, then hesitated. "What about... I mean...?" He had been waiting for Tanya to speak, to tell Lee to stop, or him.
Lee's breathing got heavier. "Oh god... yes... take it out... mmmggggghhhhh... they are fine... mmmm... I would do this.... Oh fuck.... with... uuunggnnn... watching..." Her panting explanation barely audible as her pleasure increased, her eyes glued to his fabric encased cock and the growing wet spot at the tip.
"She is saying that she would do that in the living room... while we watched... or joined in." Tanya's silky voice flowed clearly from the back. He froze, shocked at what he was about to do. Subconsciously he had wanted her to stop him, like a pinch in a dream. He craved some voice of reason to say that things like this didn't happen. Someone had to tell him that it was wrong. It felt good, and so it must be wrong... right? But his hand didn't leave his cock, and Lee was only increasing her pace.
"Please don't stop Johnathan." Tanya quietly instructed. "We discussed that this might happen, and we are ok with it. Lee is a very sexual person, being capable of many orgasms during a single encounter, and she loves groups, either just an audience or otherwise. Marie and I have come to enjoy it too."
"Oui, c'est tres erotique." came Marie's quiet voice, also from behind John.
"In fact, once the trip was suggested, the idea of this kind of encounter was a spark that ignited more than one group encounter." Tanya spoke with a breathy tone. Though her eyes were half closed, she had not been able to fall asleep. With the heat and then when Marie rested her head in her lap, the distractions were too much. Marie, when she lay down, had tucked one hand up under her head, and under Tanya's sarong; holding gently onto her inner thigh like a pillow.
Tanya had of course remained silent with her eyes half closed as Lee and John had their awkward flirting. Though she was certain John didn't know Lee was flirting. She also thought Marie was asleep until she felt her hand move, gently upwards, and lightly rub her pussy lips through her underwear. She had sighed when that happened though the front seat had not noticed. As the situation got more and more heated, she thought about stopping them, for the sake of John's innocence. However, Marie had reacted to the sigh and moved aside Tanya's thong to slowly work her fingers up and though her increasingly damp slit.
"Jonathan, if you would be so kind as to pull into that rest stop up ahead. I would be able to better relax into Marie's attentions."
"Ummm, I think that place is closed, it looks boarded up..." croaked John awkwardly, his cock still uncomfortably trapped in his boxers.
"MMNNNMMM even better." moaned Tanya. Marie had pulled aside the sarong now and was trying to reach Tanya's wet cunt with her tongue. The bump as John pulled off the road allowed her to finally succeed. "Around back please... ooohhhh god, that wasn't directed at you Marie... oh fuck that feels good..."
John pulled the SUV into the shade and around to the back of the abandoned gas station. There was broken up pavement and saplings growing next to the building. He put the vehicle in park, rolled down the windows and killed the engine.
Lee had not stopped and knowing that everyone was awake only helped accelerate her climax. "Oh fuck.... are you all watching... oh god... oh god... are... you... ugnnnhhhnnnnn.... Mmmmmmmmmm..." Her hand was a blur on her clit as she reached her climax, her eyes wide, trying to look at everyone at once. She slowed a little, as her orgasm subsided, continuing rub and slowly finger fuck herself. Looking over at John she said breathlessly, "I need to see your cock. Please."
"Wait!" Tanya said sitting up a little, trying to shake off the effects of her own looming orgasm. "We want to see too. Move over to your side Marie. Johnathan, lay your seat back." John did as Tanya instructed. Laying his seat almost horizontal, he found himself in her lap. She smiled down at his prone form. "There, now we can all see." she said stroking her fingers across his cheek.
John looked over to his right and saw Marie removing her own short shorts and underwear. Hints of wetness glistened from her bare cunt as she settled into her seat, spread eagled and staring at his crotch. Tanya draped herself forward with her shirt undone and hovered her milky breasts near his left ear.
"Oh fuck that is sooo.... Ughh.... So fucking.... Uuuugghhhhhh. Hoootttt...... oh fuck... oh fuckk.... Oooohhhhhh fuuuccccckkkkk..." Lee rubbed herself into another climax as the other people got comfortable.
"Now Johnathan, take out that magnificent cock for me." Tanya whispered sensuously in his ear. Cold shivers ran over him as he reached into his boxers and finally let his cock free. Marie let out a moan as he did. John glanced over and could see Marie rubbing her clit while she sucked on her fingers.
"She is cleaning my juice off her fingers, Johnathan, my pleasure, my passion. Did you want to taste?" John lay there mesmerized, staring, he nodded mutely. Tanya smiled and slipped a wet finger into his mouth and across his tongue. The sweet nectar made him clamp his lips down on her finger. He moaned at the realization of what he tasted. Closing his eyes, he was lost in the silky instruction and the feel of his hand on his cock.
"Now rub yourself Johnathon. We all want to see that hard cock twitch.... hggnnnmm... Watch your cum shoot out. Ugghgnnnnn... that's it... slowly..." John could feel her body position change as she leaned forward more. Tanya was rubbing and fingering herself slowing, as she instructed John.
"Oh god... Yess.... Mmmmmm.... I just... want to... feel..." Lee was breathlessly speaking as she reached out and wrapped a small hand around John's cock alongside his own. "Oh god, it is soo hot and hard... just ughnnn... as I... thought it... ooooooh gooooodddddddd........."
John could feel her tugging his cock at an awkward angle and then finally releasing it as she came. He slowly continued to rub with Tanya moaning silky instructions in his ear. He could feel the pressure building behind his cock. His breathing came faster and faster even as Tanya instructed him to maintain his pace.
"Nice and slow... steady... that's it... long even strokes..." Tanya said softly.
The steady pace caused the pressure to build but without release. His mind was awash with pleasure. The world fell away. It was replaced with Tanya's voice alone. He was hoping, yearning, waiting for release and at the same time not wanting this flood of pleasure to end. Then something firm, soft, warm, and wet pushed into his world. He felt his cock engulfed and a guttural groan escaped his throat.
"That is Lee's pretty mouth engulfing your cock, Johnathan." Tanya continued to whisper above him "She is good isn't she Johnathan. Her tongue has brought us so much pleasure. Let her hand replace yours... that's good... your cock looks so big in her little hand. She has a strong grip doesn't she." Tanya's voice hitched and she shifted position. "MMMMMmmmmm Marie has decided the help herself to my cunt, Johnathan. She... is.... Uuuugghggghhhhhh... licking me...." Tanya's breath increased, and she changed position to give Marie room. John fought to hold off his building climax, but then a taught nipple brushed across his lips. He instinctively reached out with his tongue to lick it and was rewarded with a moan from Tanya.
Lee increased her pace on his cock feeling it start to twitch with her hand wrapped around the base. Rubbing her tongue over the head while sucking and bobbing. She felt his glans swell against her tongue. The slow strokes of her hand finally brought him the release he desired. "Oh Tanya, oh god, I'm cuuuumming, oh fuck, Lee yessss! Oooooohhhhhh god Marie!!! UGHGHGHGGHG!!!" He shot once in Lee's mouth and then she released his cock, pumping with her hand, as he shot again and again. Streams of white cum spread over his chest, he jerked and twitched with each blast.
Tanya was cooing, "Oh that is a good boy... yesss.... cum hard for me... mmmmmmmnnnnn cum hard fooorr meeeeee.... Mmmmmmmm....." She watched every rope string out across his chest, and she held on to Marie's head, rocking her hips hard into the French woman's mouth. A wave of pleasure seemed to crash over her with each shot from John's cock.
She fell back into her own seat as Marie sat back in hers. The three women just stared, panting at John's cum covered chest. In the heavy heat of the car, the aroma of sweat and cum mingling, John tried to catch his breath.
Lee smiled and toyed with John's softening cock "That was awesome, I'm not as fidgety anymore."
Marie was biting her lips and starting at the ropes of cum. "Maybe you are not, but some of us were too busy helping others to finish properly."
"Um does anyone have a tissue or something?" John said looking at the mess on his chest.
"I'll get it!" Lee said hopping over onto his lap "Your cum tastes awesome!"
"I um... read somewhere that pineapple helps and sooo... mmmmmm... I try to eat some everyday..."
"Did you like Tanya's pussy? Marie's tastes great too!" Lee said excitedly. She traced long and slow passes along each trail of cum with her tongue, lapping it up to end with a smile and a bite of her lip. "Oh my, you know I can feel that right John? I thought you would be done after cumming so hard!"
John's cock was stirring again, reinflating as she cleaned off his chest. "I uh... sorry? I can't exactly help it... that feels amazing and looks.... fuck... that is very fucking hot."
Lee was sliding her wet cunt along his soft cock moving with each lick up her chest. The coordinated movements were more than he could handle. His cock was pushing up at an awkward angle along the side of Lee's soft cunt.
"Hang on." She said reaching down between her legs; she grabbed his stiffening member and adjusted it to slide deep inside her. "huhhhgggghh, that is better." Lee moaned with her eyes rolling into the back of her head. John gasped as the small woman started to ride his cock, slowly rocking his length in and out of her. The motions growing his cock back to steal hard.
"Yes!Encore!" said Marie reaching out to pull Lee forward, she locked lips with her, using her tongue to search out any remnants of cum. "C'est vrai! John, your cum isdélicieux!"
Tanya finally shed her loose shirt. Her face and chest still flushed a bright pink from her orgasm. "My turn to help." she said sliding her head under Marie.
Lee was bouncing up and down on John's rock hard cock. Her cunt grabbed him with each stroke, milking it, making it harder and harder. He could feel her pulsing, again and again, her cunt would grip tighte, and she would let out a weak moan, from around Marie's lips. Marie had one hand on John's chest to balance and the other holding Lee's head while she snaked her tongue in and out of Lee's mouth. She barely broke lip contact as her breathing stopped. She gripped his chest with her fingers digging in her nails. Her face locked in an expression of ecstasy as small spasms rolled aver her naked body.
"Ahhh fuck! That hurts Marie!" He said as she and Lee fell against each other.
"Ah,pardonJohn.Je me suis perdu." She said gasping air back into her lungs and retaking her seat.
Lee had leaned back against the steering wheel, rocking her hips up and down over John's cock. She was moaning quietly in her bliss.
"Lee you are being greedy." Tanya said wistfully, wiping her lips to clear away the lingering traces of Marie's orgasm.
"But it feels so good... Can you see how wet I am miss Tanya... are you watching again... uugghghhgggggghhhhh." Lee moaned as her head lolled back. "Oh god his cock is soo good... can you see miss? Can you??"
"I see you little one." Tanya said in her silkiest bedroom voice.
Lee whipped her hips back and forth, a blurr of rapid motion, sliding John's cock dangerously close the opening only to rapidly engulf half his length. "OH! OH! OH! FUUUUUUUUCCCCKKKK!!!" Lee howled her pleasure. John could feel her coming again, harder than before, her cunt gripping so tight she nearly squeezed him out. Her raspy breathing started to slow as her pleasure retreated from it's great height.
Her grip on his cock slacked slightly and she slammed her cunt down over him, taking his full length inside her and holding him there. Grinding her clit into the base of his dick she leaned forward clutching one breast.
"We should get back on the road Lee." Tanya suggested.
"Just... uuummmmnggggnggga... little while... mmmmm longer..."
"Now Lee." Tanya said firmly.
"Yes miss" she said with a sigh. She stopped rocking and slipped off John's lap.
"Trade seats with me Lee." Tanya said.
With another dreamy sigh Lee agreed and opened the door to the SUV. Stumbling out naked onto the hot pavement she walked slowly around to Tanya's door and opened it for the commanding woman. With a smile the two women changed places and Tanya reached back in the window and handed something to Lee. "Present for you..." She said with a smirk.
"Dear god these are soaked!" she said fondling Tanya's wet panties.
Marie laid back on the passenger side "Let me see." she said innocently holding out her hand.
Tanya with a half smirk walked to the passenger side topless with only a sarong around her hips. John had barely moved; his unsatisfied cock was still fully erect and jumping with every step the dominant woman took as she walked around the front of the SUV. She watched him through the glass until she glided into the SUV and settled herself in the seat.
"If you sit up a bit we can get moving." she said with a smile.
John sighed, thinking the party had come to an end; he reached for the floor to pull up his shorts and boxers.
"I didn't say get dressed. I said get moving." Tanya said sliding her seat belt over her waist.
John started the engine, and reversing he saw Marie and Lee, locked in a heated kiss with the panties held firmly between their hands. He stopped. "Um how long can this go on?" He asked innocently. Watching the two women switch positions into a 69 with Lee on top.
"Well, we have a couple more hours of highway before we stop in Sault-saint Marie for the night... So at least another hour, or two, unless we pull over again..." With a smile, Tanya quietly reached up and turned down the now functioning AC unit. "It is a long drive. Now pull out onto the road, I want to see what all the fuss was about with your tasty cum, but I expect a good hard fuck for my efforts when we get to the hotel. Am I understood Johnathan?"
John turned wide eyed to Tanya as she pulled her hair back into a loose ponytail. "Yes miss." He said quietly with a smile.