It is getting dark outside, so I get up from the living room couch and turn on the front porch light for my husband. He should be home at any moment from his weekend hunting trip he took with some of his business clients.
I sit back down on the couch and continue looking through the magazine I got in the mail yesterday. A few minutes later my husbands car pulls in the driveway and I watch as he staggers up to the porch and almost falls down while opening the front door.
He walks over to me and says "Honey, they opened the bar on the private jet, and I drank too much. I better get to bed because I have an important corporate meeting in the morning."
He gives me a quick kiss, then stumbles upstairs to our bedroom.
A few minutes later another car pulls in the driveway. I get up off the couch, open the front door and step outside onto the front porch.
The car stops and my daughter Krissy gets out of the passenger side and stands up. Jesus Christ, she is completely naked! Then, the drivers door opens and I can clearly see it is Krissy's girlfriend Britney. She is also completely naked!
Britney gets out of the car, shuts the door, then leans back against it with her legs spread apart. She notices me standing on the front porch, so she waves to me and says "Hi Mrs Walker!"
I wave back at her and say "Hi Britney! Are you spending the night with Krissy again?" She replies "I would like to, but I have to get up early to go to work at the shopping mall."
Krissy walks around the car and steps between Britney's open legs. She leans forward against her, and they wrap their arms around each other. They start kissing passionately while running their hands all over each others naked body.
After a few minutes they release their embrace. Krissy stands straight up, reaches out with both hands and begins to play with Britney's big, firm breasts while they have conversation. Britney looks so relaxed and is enjoying the attention she is getting. Every few seconds she will casually raise both her arms upward and run her fingers through her hair while licking her lips.
Even from a distance I can tell Britney's nipples are rock hard and are standing straight out about half an inch. Krissy then lowers her head and starts sucking on one of her tits, then the other, then back again.
While Krissy continues to suck on her breasts, Britney looks over at me and smiles. I say to her "Britney, are you sure you can't spend the night with us?"
She replies "I can't tonight Mrs Walker. My parents told me to return home as soon as I drop off Krissy. Why don't you come over her and give me a kiss before I leave?"
That is the queue I was waiting for! I quickly step down off the porch and walk over to her. Krissy steps aside, then Britney and I embrace and start passionately kissing each other.
Britney suddenly grabs the back of my T-shirt and forcefully yanks it upwards. I raise my arms so she can pull it all the way off. Then, she quickly unbuttons my shorts and pushes them down to my ankles.
I step out of the shorts and Britney grabs me by the shoulders and pins me up against the car door. I tremble with excitement as Britney stares me in the eyes and says "Mrs Walker, we have to do this fast!"
She immediately drops to her knees and buries her face in my pussy. My whole body jerks as she pistons her tongue in and out of me. Her tongue must be at least six inches long because I can feel it flicking around all the way inside me. Every few seconds she stops, sucks on my clit, then goes back to ramming her tongue in and out of me.
Within just a couple of minutes I feel an orgasm building up in me, then it explodes. A wave of pleasure sweeps over me and a million stars fill the night sky.
I tell Britney "Please stop! I can't take anymore!" She reluctantly releases her grip from my ass cheeks and stands up. We have one more kiss, then she gets in her car and backs down the driveway. Krissy and I wave to her, then I bend over to pick up my clothes.
My daughter immediately steps behind me and drops to her knees. She places both her hands on my ass cheeks, spreads them apart and begins to feverishly lick my ass hole. I tell her "Jesus Christ Krissy! Can't you wait until we get in the house?" She ignores me and continues to ram her tongue in and out of my ass. After a couple of minutes, she stops and gets to her feet. We walk hand in hand to the front porch and go inside our house.
We sit down on the couch and immediately begin kissing passionately. Our tongues play with each other while we run our hands all over our naked bodies. After a few minutes, I push Krissy's arms along her sides, lean towards her and start sucking on her breasts. I take one in my mouth and suck as hard as I can, then do the same thing with the other one. Krissy is enjoying this immensely and is moaning loudly.
Moments later, Krissy suddenly stands up, grabs my arm, and pulls me to the center of the living room. I remain standing as she gets on her knees in front of me and buries her face in my pussy.
After a couple of minutes, she stops licking me, grabs me by the wrists, pulls me down to the floor and forces me to lie flat on my back.
Krissy then pushes my legs apart, crawls over the top of me and rests on her elbows. We begin to kiss passionately while she moves her firm little breasts from side to side against mine.
After a few minutes, she stops kissing me, gets to her feet and stands directly above my face. She then gets down on her hands and knees, and lowers her smooth shaven pussy to my mouth. I grab her ass cheeks and begin licking and sucking her. Soon she is moaning loudly while she whips her long, blonde hair around her beautiful face.
Krissy wildly rides my face for the next five minutes, then suddenly arches her back and rolls off me. I sit up and look at her. She says "Mom, I just had one of the best orgasms of my life! None of my girlfriends, except for Britney have ever given me a better one. I love you."
I reply "Well, it is past your bed time. Get upstairs right now young lady! We are going shopping in the morning, so be ready to go at 10 o'clock."
We both get to out feet and Krissy gives me one more hug and a kiss before she runs upstairs to go to sleep.
I sit on the couch for another 30 minutes reading my magazine, then turn off the living room lights and go upstairs to my bedroom. My husband is fast asleep and I he will probably not move until his alarm clock goes off early in the morning.
I want to finish reading a story in the magazine so I flip on the reading light above my side of the bed, then climb in and pull the satin sheet up to my neck.
After reading for a few minutes, another car pulls in the driveway. It must be my son Tommy. He told me earlier he would be home before midnight. I hear the front door open and he comes upstairs to his room. A few minutes later I hear someone in the shower, then the house becomes silent again.
Tommy suddenly appears in the doorway of my bedroom. He looks so sexy and handsome wearing nothing but a bath towel.
He says "Mom, is it okay if I come in and talk with you for a while?" I reply "Sure Tommy, but be quiet. Your father is sleeping."
He walks over to the bed and begins to sit down, but I say "Tommy stop! You will get the bed all wet! Take off the towel and throw it over on the chair."
My son stands up facing me, then slowly pulls the towel away from him. I notice his cock is partially inflated and it is hanging down about six inches. He throws the towel on the chair, then sits down on the edge of the bed next to me.
We begin to have conversation about what he had been doing all day while he runs his hands over my hard nipples. It is innocent enough, but soon he begins to tug on the satin sheet so he can touch my bare skin. I hold the sheet tight, but he starts to pull harder on it. All of a sudden he gives the sheet a big yank, pulls it down to my knees and starts caressing my firm tits with both of his hands.
I say "Jesus Christ Tommy, your father is sleeping right next to us! He can wake up at any second and see you playing with my tits!" I try to push his hands away, but he grabs both my wrists and holds them while he tries to kiss me. I move my head back and forth to avoid him, so he starts kissing and sucking on my neck instead. This is very pleasurable to me, and he knows it. I relax and he lets go of my wrists.
I say "Okay Tommy, you win. You can kiss me just one time, then you have to go to bed." We immediately start to kiss passionately while he runs his hands all over my naked body. After a couple of minutes he pulls the sheet completely off me and slides two fingers into my pussy. We continue to kiss while he pushes them back and forth inside me. Jesus Christ, I am letting my son finger fuck me while my husband is sleeping right next to us! I must be out of my fucking mind!
All of a sudden, Tommy gets on the bed between my legs and positions his cock to enter my pussy. Before I can react, he has pushed it inside me three or four inches.
I say "Jesus Christ Tommy, you can't fuck me on the bed while your father is sleeping! He might wake up at any second!" I struggle to get out from underneath him, but he grabs my wrists again and prevents me from moving.
My son then says "Mom, I am not going to fuck you. I just want to push it all the way in, then stop. Just let me have it inside you for a few minutes, then I will go to bed. Okay Mom?"
I reply "Well, I guess so Tommy. Go ahead and push it all the way in. You can leave it in me for exactly three minutes, then you have to go to bed."
I raise up on my elbows and watch as my sons cock slowly disappears into my pussy. After about six or seven inches are inside me, he slowly pulls back out all the way, then pushes it back in again. This time, he gets about eight inches in me and stops.
He says "Mom, I hit bottom. I don't think you can take all ten inches of it tonight." I reply "Don't tease me Tommy! Keep pushing harder until you get it all the way in!"
I lay back down on the soft pillow and Tommy leans forward over me, supporting himself on his elbows. With one more thrust of his hips all ten inches are buried inside me.
Suddenly, my husband turns over so he is facing me! Jesus Christ, he is going to see his naked son lying on top of me with his cock buried all the way in my pussy!
I panic and begin to push Tommy off me, but he puts his hand over my mouth and holds me still. He looks over at his father and quietly says to me "Mom, he never opened his eyes. Just calm down and relax."
I reply "What do you mean, relax? How can I fucking relax when his wife and son are laying next to him fucking? Get off me right now and go to your room!"
Instead of doing what I told him, he begins to thrust his cock in and out of me! I try to push him off me, but again, he holds my wrists so I cannot move. His thrusts begin to get faster and faster. The bed is creaking loudly and the headboard is slapping against the wall.
I finally say "Tommy, get off me right now, or I will never let you fuck me again!"
My son immediately pulls his cock out of me, gets off the bed and stands up. He leans forward, grabs my wrist and yanks me towards him. He then forces me down on my knees in front of him and stuffs his cock into my open mouth.
He grabs the back of my head with both hands and starts thrusting his cock as far in as it will go. After every third or fourth thrust he pulls his cock out so I can get a breath of air, then he rams it back in again. Every once in a while he does not let me get enough air so I have to try desperately to push him away from me. When I get a breath of air, he shoves it back in again.
After about five minutes he stops, grabs his cock and begins to feverishly stroke it back and forth. Suddenly, a huge gush of sperm shoots out of him and splashes all over my mouth, nose, eyes and hair. It runs down my face and drips on my tits. Jesus Christ, he shot a big load on me this time!
I grasp his limp cock and rub it all over my face, then look up at him and say "That was fun Tommy, but we should never do this again! We almost got caught this time! Now, go to bed young man!"
I take the towel from the chair, wipe my face clean, then climb back into bed and fall asleep.
In the morning, I open my eyes and notice my husband has already left for work. I take a quick shower, put on a little makeup and wrap a towel around me.
I need to make sure Krissy is getting ready to go shopping at the mall today, so I walk down the hallway to her room.
Oh my God, what a sight! Krissy is on her hands and knees while Tommy is behind her ramming his big cock back and forth inside her little pussy. He pulls on her long blonde hair with one hand while slapping her ass cheeks with the other.
I walk over and stand next to the bed. Krissy looks up at me and says "Look Mom! Tommy and I are doing it doggy style! We started doing it this way just this morning!"
I say "Well, don't take too long. We have to leave for the shopping mall in about thirty minutes." I turn around to leave, then Krissy says "Wait Mom! Come back here for a second. I want to show you something."
She pushes her brother away from her and tells him to lay flat on his back. Krissy climbs on top of him and reaches between her legs to guide his rock hard cock inside her pussy. She lowers herself down a little bit, then releases her grip and puts her hands on Tommy's shoulders for support.
She says to me "Mom, sit down on the edge of the bed so you can see better!" As I sit down, my towel falls off me and I don't bother to pull it back up. Tommy immediately reaches over with one hand and begins to play with my tits.
Krissy continues "Mom, watch Tommy's cock going into me! I could never get the whole thing in me before, but we have been practicing a lot the past few weeks."
She then begins to lower herself down on her brothers huge ten inch cock. Six inches disappear into her tight pussy, then seven. After about eight inches are inside her, she stops, then raises up a little. She says to me "Watch Mom, I am going to do it this time!"
With determination on her face, Krissy lowers herself further and further until her brothers cock is completely inside her. She says "Look Mom, I did it! I have Tommy's cock all the way in me! He used to tease me about having such a small pussy, but now I get it all the way in just like you can!"
I say to her "Oh Krissy, I am so proud of you! Now hurry up with what you are doing and take a shower. Put on your yellow summer dress that has four buttons down the front and do not wear a bra or panties. Also, make sure you bring along your digital camera. We are going to have fun today taking pictures of ourselves flashing our tits in public."
I lean towards my daughter to give her a quick kiss, but she grabs the back of my neck, sticks her tongue in my mouth and does not let go of me. One of my breasts is hanging right over my sons face, so he raises up a little and starts sucking on it. As Krissy continues to passionately kiss me, she gently bounces up and down on her brothers cock. After a couple of minutes she releases her grip from my neck, and I get off the bed and stand up.
I leave my two children alone and go back to my bedroom to select a dress to wear. I choose a one that is identical to Krissy's, but it is white. I gently fold the dress and push it into my big purse, then put on a pair of white stiletto heel shoes and designer sunglasses. I study myself in the mirror for a few moments, admiring how sexy I look with just shoes and sunglasses on. No dress, just shoes and sunglasses.
I hear the water running in the main bathroom, so I grab my purse and walk down the hallway to tell Krissy to hurry up. I stop in the bathroom doorway and look in. Jesus Christ, Tommy has his sister pinned up against the shower wall and is fucking the hell out of her! He has taken hold of her wrists, stretched his arms upward as far as he can and raised her off the fucking floor! Her feet are dangling in the air while he violently rams his cock into her over and over again.
I say "Krissy, hurry up! We are leaving in ten minutes!"
I go downstairs, get myself a tall glass of sparkling wine with ice cubes and sit down at the kitchen table. After about fifteen minutes, Krissy comes running in while she is frantically buttoning her dress. She puts her purse down on the table and begins to brush her wet hair. She says "Well, I'm ready to go. I have the camera and we can take over two hundred pictures if we want to."
I take the last sip of wine, grab my purse and start walking to the garage. Krissy says "Mom, aren't you going to put any clothes on?" I reply "Not right now. I will put on my dress when we get to the shopping mall."
We get in the car and soon we are on the freeway heading to the mall. After about fifteen minutes the wine has gone through me, so I decide to get off at the rest stop and use the bathroom facilities. I pull off the freeway and stop in the nearest parking spot to the building. There are about six or seven cars around us and people walking back and forth smoking cigarettes and drinking bottled water.
I say to Krissy "Get your camera and stand over at the entrance to the women's bathroom. I will wait until you get there, then start taking pictures of me when I open the car door."
Krissy hops out of the car and runs to the women's bathroom. I see her hold up the camera, so I open the car door and get out. I casually close the door and walk normally up the sidewalk. To my surprise, most of the people around just glance over at me, then continue with what they are doing. I take a quick piss, then I tell Krissy to take some more photos of me walking back to the car.
When I get into the bright sunlight, I notice quite a few more people standing around looking in my direction. I think almost all of them must have run back to their cars to get their digital cameras or cell phones with a camera built into it. A few of the tractor trailer truck drivers blow short blasts from their powerful horns as I walk down the sidewalk to the car.
When I get to the car, Krissy runs over and gets in. We back out of the parking space, then drive slowly past the truckers. I roll down the window so they can see me better and start waving to them as my breasts bounce around.
When we get to the last truck, the driver jumps out with his camera and motions for me to drive closer to him. He is a really good looking young man about thirty years old, so I stop and start conversation with him will he takes pictures of me.
He says "Lady, you have the best body I have ever seen in my entire life! I watched you go back and forth to the bathroom and could not believe my eyes! Is there anyway you would let me take a picture of my hand reaching down inside your car and feel your tits?"
I reply "Sure handsome, go ahead, but squeeze them gently."
The truck driver immediately starts snapping pictures with the camera in his right hand while his left hand fondles my breasts. After about five seconds, I hit the accelerator and wave goodbye to the lucky man. Krissy and I start laughing hysterically for a few minutes, then we settle down for the rest of the trip. Krissy says "Mom, I took a bunch of pictures of that truck driver playing with your tits. This is turning out to be more fun than I expected."
After about ten minutes, Krissy pushes the shoulder restraint off her and leans against my shoulder. She takes her right hand and begins to gently grasp my breasts and pinch the hard nipples. She does this for a minute, then runs her hand down across my flat, firm stomach and across my smooth legs.
She says "Mom, what is it like to be so sexy that every man and woman wants to touch you? You are so beautiful. How come I never get the attention you get? Even my boyfriends tell me how hot your are."
While my daughter keeps asking me questions, she moves her hand to my pussy, so I open my legs as wide as I can. She inserts two of her fingers inside me and slowly moves them in and out. Jesus Christ, my daughter is finger fucking me while I am driving down the freeway!
After a couple of minutes, she moves her hand up to her mouth and starts sucking on her fingers. She says "Oh Mom, you taste so fucking good!" She then puts her hand back between my legs, but I push it away and tell her to sit straight up and put her seat belt back on.
I reply to her "Krissy, you are just as beautiful as I am! We look like identical twins! I think men and boys like me more than you because they think older women are more experienced and better in bed. They also think older women are easier to seduce and they don't have to date them for a long time to get what they are after."
Krissy says "Thanks Mom! I always knew I was as good looking as you, but I just wanted you to say it! I love you!"
My daughter then leans towards me again and kisses me on the cheek while she tries to put her fingers back into my pussy. I immediately slap her hand and say "Krissy, you will have to wait until we get home! When we get home, you can put as many fingers into me as you want! You can even try to put your whole fist into me if that pleases you!"
We laugh and giggle for a few seconds, then she says "Mom, I am going to take you up on that offer. I have seen pictures on the Internet with girls putting their hands all the way into other girls pussy's. My hands are really small and they should fit inside you easily. I can put one of my hands in your pussy and the other one I will see if I can shove it in your asshole."
I reply to her "Oh Krissy, I have been wanting you to do that for a long time! Tommy's cock has enlarged my asshole so I am sure your fist will fit just fine."
I stop talking with Krissy because it is really busy in this part of town. The exit ramp for the shopping mall comes up quickly, so I turn off, make a left at the light, go down to the main road, then make another left. In just a couple of minutes we are driving around the mall looking for a place to park. Krissy says "Mom, there is one right over there!" I pull into the spot and turn the engine off.
I tell Krissy to get out of the car with her camera, stand about thirty feet away from me while I exit the car and put on my dress.
Krissy jumps out of the car, slams the door shut and runs over to take pictures of me. When I see she is ready, I open my car door and get out.
Krissy starts snapping pictures of my naked body while I casually bend over and reach into the car for my purse. I grab my purse, place it on top of the car, then shut the car door. Jesus Christ, I feel fantastic standing nude in the parking lot. I run my hands up and down my body in the brilliant sunshine while cars steadily drive by us. Krissy keeps taking pictures of me while I move from one position to another. After a couple of minutes, I reach into my purse, grab my dress, wrap it around me and button it up.
Krissy walks over to me and says "Mom, I got some really good photos of you! You look fantastic wearing nothing but sunglasses while people drive by and look at you!"
I grab my purse from the roof of the car, then start walking to the mall entrance. Krissy follows behind me and starts taking pictures of me flicking my hair around while I lift the back of my dress up and caress my bare ass cheeks.
When we get to the automatic door, she runs up to me and we walk hand in hand into the mall. Gosh, it is cool in here! Our nipples immediately get harder and poke even further through the sheer material of our dresses.
We continue to walk until I see the big water fountain in the middle of the mall. It is spraying water about thirty feet in the air while about a dozen people are sitting on the concrete bench surrounding it.
I say to Krissy "Stand over there about twenty feet away while I sit on the bench next to the fountain. Take pictures every few seconds while I try to look sexy for the camera."
Krissy runs over and take a couple photos of me. The flash from the camera startles most of the people sitting near me, so they look over to see where it is coming from. She takes a couple more photos and I notice nobody is looking in my direction now, so I unbutton my dress and push it down off my shoulders. I wait two or three seconds for Krissy to take a few pictures, then stand up and quickly pull the dress back over me and button it.
Krissy walks over to me, hands me the camera and says "Mom, it's my turn now! Don't stand to far away because I am going to hand my dress and shoes to you!"
I hold the camera up and start taking one picture after another. Krissy stands next to the fountain and looks directly into the camera lens while she slowly unbuttons her dress. Then, she pulls it open and lets it slide down her arms onto the tile floor.
Jesus Christ, I thought she was just going to quickly flash her tits and bald pussy at me, but instead, she is now standing completely naked in the middle of the mall!
I keep taking pictures while Krissy bends over and picks up her dress. She then sits down on the bench and takes her shoes off. My daughter is really drawing a crowd now! There must be at least two dozen people standing around the fountain looking over in our direction.
Krissy then stands up and motions for me to come over to her, so I walk over she stuffs her dress and shoes in my purse. I ask her "Krissy, what are you going to do now?" She replys "You will find out in a couple of seconds. Stand right where you are and start taking more pictures of me."
Krissy hops up on the concrete bench and steps down into the foot deep water surrounding water fountain. She wades through the water until she is about ten feet away, then stops. She puts her hands on her hips, then looks over her shoulder at the camera and smiles. I keep snapping photos as she turns around, raises her arms up and runs her fingers through her beautiful blonde hair.
Jesus Christ, I don't believe what I am seeing! Krissy continues to casually walk naked around in the water and stops now and then to shake someone's hand! After a few minutes, she wades back to where I am, jumps up on the bench, then steps down in front of me. She takes her shoes from my purse and sits down to put them on.
Just then, a professionally dressed woman about fifty years old walks over to Krissy and introduces herself. She says "Hello young lady! I own a modeling agency here in town and would like you to come work for me. We specialize in underwear modeling for all the major retail stores in the nation." The woman reaches into her purse, pulls out a business card and hands it to her. She continues "Please call me tomorrow morning. I am extremely impressed with your beautiful figure and the way you act natural and confident while being completely nude."
Suddenly, I hear over the public address system "Security, security, respond immediately to the main water fountain!"
I immediately reach into my purse, grab Krissy's dress and hand it to her. When she gets her arms into it, I grab her wrist and we run to the escalator and get on it. She quickly buttons up her dress and we turn around to see if security people are following us.
We get off the escalator and walk over to the railing so we can look down over the water fountain area. There are security personnel walking around asking people questions. We laugh and giggle when most of the people point towards the Mall exit doors and say "They went that way!"
I feel like having a cup of coffee, so I take Krissy's hand and we walk down to the food court and take a seat on the patio. Within a few seconds, this absolutely gorgeous young girl comes over to us and asks us what we would like to order. Krissy orders a milkshake, and I ask for a large coffee with a glazed donut.
The waitress stares at Krissy for a few seconds, then says "Are you that girl that was walking around naked in fountain a few minutes ago?" Krissy replys "Yes, that was me!"
The waitress then says "You have the best body I have ever seen in my life! If you are into girls, I will give you my phone number on the back of your check. Please call me tonight. I get off work at six, so call me anytime after that."
Krissy and I continue to have a lively conversation about what has happened today so far, then the waitress brings over our order and places the check in the middle of the table. Krissy picks it up and notices a phone number on the back of it, then turns it around, and shows it to me.
I say to her "Krissy, we can get our order for free if you just ask that waitress to go to the bathroom with you for a few minutes!" Krissy replys "Gosh, she is really pretty! Do you think she will go with me if I ask her?"
I tell her "Krissy, I am absolutely sure!" Just then, the waitress walks slowly by us and smiles at Krissy. I quickly lean towards Krissy and say "Get up off your ass young lady and tell that girl to go the bathroom with you!"
My daughter grabs the check from the table, jumps up and walks over to the waitress. They have a short conversation, then I hear the waitress say "Maria, I am going on a ten minute break!"
The girls walk into the store while I sip on my coffee and take little bites from the big glazed donut in front of me. After what seemed like an hour, but was only about fifteen minutes, Krissy returns and sits down next to me.
Her face has lipstick on it, so I take a napkin and wipe her while she says "Mom, that girl has the best body that I have ever seen in my life! As soon as we got in the bathroom, she strips off her blouse and skirt and started kissing me. Then, she unbuttoned my dress, pushed it back off my shoulders and immediately got down to her knees and began licking my pussy! Within just a couple of minutes I had a terrific orgasm and I have to tell her stop because I can't take anymore. She got back to her feet and began kissing me again while she has both of hands on my tits. Suddenly, the door of the bathroom opened and Maria tells her to get back to work. So, we put our clothes back on and here I am!"
Just then, the waitress walks by puts our check in the middle of the table. I pick it up and notice it is stamped "Paid in Full." She looks at Krissy and says "Is there anything I can do for you today Miss?" My daughter says "Give my one more kiss, and make sure you come over to pick me up this Friday when you get off work!"
The waitress grabs Krissy's hair, pulls her head back and gives her the sexiest kiss that I have ever seen in my life! At the same time, she slides her hand inside Krissy's dress and starts playing with her tits. After a few seconds, she stands up straight and walks away.
I tell Krissy "That girl is really into rough sex! Are you sure you want to go out with her Friday night?"
Krissy replys "Maybe you are right! I think she should spend the night with both of us before I go out alone with her. I will call her tomorrow and tell her she must get your approval before we can go out together."
After a while, we have finished our drinks and are ready to do something else. I ask Krissy "Your girlfriend Britney said she was going to work today at the mall. Do you know what store she works in?" Krissy replys "Yes Mom, she went to work at that upscale women's clothing store right over there!" I tell Krissy "Well, let's go over and see her, and I will buy you any dress or shoes that you want!"
We get up and walk hand in hand through the second floor of the mall and enter the store where Britney works. I immediately notice that is quite dark in here and all the clothing is very sexy. I ask Krissy "What kind of women's store is this honey?" She replys "Oh, Britney's parents own a chain of these stores. They cater to women who want to spice up their sex lives and wear sexy stuff. They sell adult toys and videos too!"
Out of the corner of my eye, I see a very tall, beautiful girl walking towards us. As she gets closer, I see it is Britney. Jesus Christ she looks sexy! She has her long blonde hair pulled back in a pony tail, and is wearing a black leather vest, black leather mini dress and black high heel shoes. With each step she takes, her big tits sway back and forth while they gently bounce up and down.
She says "Hi Mrs Walker! Hi Krissy!" She gives Krissy a quick hug and kiss, then steps over in front of me and says "Oh Mrs Walker, you look absolutely stunning today!"
She puts her arms around me and sticks her tongue in my mouth. We begin to kiss passionately while she runs her hands down the back of my dress, pulls it up and grasps my ass cheeks with both her hands. After a few seconds, we break our kiss and she leans back a little. While continuing to play with my ass cheeks, she says "Mrs Walker, you are not wearing panties today!"
We both giggle for a few seconds, then she releases her grip from my ass cheeks and steps back. I reach behind me and pull my dress back down while trying to regain some measure of composure.
I say to Britney "I didn't know this store carried such a complete line of leather clothing. I want you to help me select a black leather dress with matching leather bra and panties. Also, I want a pair of very tall leather boots, one of those leather masks that just cover the eyes, and a leather whip."
Britney say "I know your size, so I will get everything together for you. Just give me a few minutes, then meet me over in the shoe department so you can try on your new boots." I turn around tell Krissy "Well, let's find a few sexy, brightly colored dresses for you to wear at your job interview! Also, I want you to have brand new underwear, so let's get something fairly modest that you like in several different colors."
After a few minutes, Krissy has her arms full of clothes and walks off to the changing room. I walk over to the shoe department and have a seat. Britney is busy at the front counter taking a customer's money and bagging the purchase for them, so I open the shoe box next to me, pull the leather boots out of it, and examine them.
Just as I lean forward to take my shoes off, Britney walks over and says "I'm sorry I kept you waiting Mrs Walker! Just lean back in the chair and I will take care of you!" Britney gets down on knees in front of me, takes my shoes off, then casually runs her hands up and down my legs. She says "Mrs Walker, your legs are so shapely and smooth!"
Then, she spends the next minute or so measuring my feet and selecting the proper size boot for me. When she is satisfied, she stands up and reaches out her hand to help me get up. I stand in front of the mirror, turning from side to side for a few minutes while Britney helps another customer at the front counter. I glance around the store and notice that was the last customer, so I hope I will have Britney all to myself for a while.
She returns in a few seconds and says "Those boots look terrific on you! Let me help you take off that dress you have on so you can try on the new leather one." Britney unbuttons my dress, then turns me around so I am facing the full length mirror. Then, she pulls it down off my arms and throws it on the chair. Just then, two really hot looking young girls enter the store and start walking in our direction.
I panic slightly and reach over to get my dress so I can put it back on. Britney says "Don't worry Mrs Walker! I know those two girls, they work at the strip club across the street from the mall. The see naked women all the time!" The two girls walk over and Britney introduces them to me. She says "Mrs Walker, this is Jennifer and Katherine." Just then, another customer walks into the store, so Britney says to the two girls "You girls help Mrs Walker try on that leather dress that is on the chair right over there. I will be back in a moment!"
Jennifer immediately picks up the leather dress and assists me putting it on. The dress has a zipper that runs down the front of it, so she bends over to connect it, and pulls it up to about my waist. She a step backward, looks at me for a second, then says "Mrs Walker, you look totally awesome in that dress! Turn around, and look at yourself in the mirror."
As I turn around, she gets really close to me and starts kissing the nape of my neck. Then, she reaches around to the front of me, takes hold of the zipper and pulls it all the way down.
She then pulls the dress open, grabs both my tits and starts playing with them. Jesus Christ, I feel so sexy in my new dress while this beautiful girl kisses my neck and caresses my breasts!
Suddenly, the other girl, Katherine, walks over in front of me and stops. Jesus Christ, she has taken off her clothes and is completely naked! She grabs my hips, pulls me close to her and begins to kiss me. She sticks her tongue in my mouth, and we start kissing each other. After a few seconds, she drops to her knees and buries her face in my pussy. Oh my God, these girls are making me horny as hell and I feel an orgasm building up inside of me!
Jennifer stops kissing my neck and pulls the leather dress down off my arms and throws it over on a chair. I watch in the mirror as she quickly strips naked, then puts her arms back around me and pulls me tightly up against her. I can feel her hard nipples poking me in the back while she grinds her pussy up and down my ass cheeks.
After a couple of minutes, the girls suddenly release me and I open my eyes. They quickly change places and resume pleasuring me while I look around the store for my daughter. I don't see her, but I notice five or six female customers standing around watching the live sex show being performed in front of them.
The girl behind me drops to her knees, grabs my ass cheeks, spreads them apart and starts ramming her tongue in and out of my asshole. This sends me over the edge, and I have a tremendous orgasm that just rips through every inch of my body causing my whole body to jerk violently for a few seconds.
The girls notice I am becoming limp and unsteady on my feet, so they quickly help me to a chair to sit down. Then, they put their skimpy outfits back on and assist me taking off the leather boots and putting on the shoes and dress I wore into the store.
The girls are so nice to me! They help me pick up the stuff I am going to buy and carry it to the front counter for me. Jennifer says "Mrs Walker thanks for the great time! Katherine and I put on a show like that almost every night at the club, but this is the first time we have ever done it in a clothing store!"
Then Katherine says "We would like you to be a permanent part of our act if you want to! You would not have to work every night like we do. You can just show up once or twice a week to perform with us. You will probably help us double, or even triple our tips! Stop by anytime you want! We usually work every night from ten to closing."
The girls wave goodbye to me and walk out of the store. I stand at the counter and look around for Britney and my daughter. Just then, Britney appears from one of the women's changing rooms. She is topless and casually walks towards me while pulling her leather vest over her arms and buttons it up. Then, I see Krissy come out of the same changing room. Her hair is all messed up and she is also buttoning up her dress.
Jesus Christ, this is the most fun time I have ever had shopping! My daughter and I have found new friends and we both have new jobs!