It was another tedious day at work. I am a full time student, but in the evenings and at weekends I work in a supermarket. I work in the offices, photocopying, filing, data input as well as taking calls from stupid people, and on occasion perverts. Between 7pm and 10pm seems to be the popular times for people ringing up and asking what colour underwear you have on. Which assumes that I wear any, I do, but surely if you are a pervert, a girl wearing no underwear is a better hand job image than standard and boring white or black or whatever. Never do the blokes get the calls, I assume they are the ones who just hang up.
I am 19 years old, female, 5 foot tall. Long brunette hair that comes to around half way down my back. I usually have it tied back into a ponytail, or on occasion plait it, depending how prepared I am before coming into work. I am a UK dress size 6 and my bra size is 28A. The uniform is a dark blue shirt with a black knee length skirt or trousers. I always go with a skirt as the office is always at a temperature that could melt lead, a skirt is cooler.
Today was Thursday, it was 8:20pm and in the office was just myself and Joan. Joan was the office manager and she mid to late 50's. I am not sure how old she is, the topic has never come up in conversation and it doesn't seem polite to ask her. Either way, I am probably her worst nightmare to work with, young, naturally lazy and back chatty. I do my work, I may have to cram for the last few hours to get it all done, but I get the work done and it is to a standard that is expected of me. There is usually another girl my age in called Steph, but she was off on holiday for this week. She was also 19 years old, 6 foot tall, blonde, although I suspect not natural (eye brows). She has a cute body, tall and slim with large breasts. She was also a dirty bitch, she will happily take it up the ass and will willingly swallow cum. As I say, the evenings were dull, and conversations got quite detailed at times.
For the record my ass is very much a no go zone, I will allow cum in my mouth, but I will not swallow it. I have tried, but the texture more than the taste always makes me gag and embarrass myself as I spray semen all over the place. Contrary to porn videos, not attractive when you are the one cleaning it up.
The phone rang and I did the greeting to be greeted by heavy breathing. I was going to hang up when a male voice said, "Hello?"
"Hi," I said, "How can I help?"
"You can suck me off," he said.
I tutted and rolled my eyes as I cut him off. "Perv," I said to myself. It was a quiet helpline, but for some reason we had more than our fair share of dirty calls. I was on the first day of a series of three late shifts, so I was on 2pm until 10pm and when the sun went down the number of idiots usually went up. "Who was that?" Joan asked without looking up.
"Wrong number," I said. If I had said it was a pervy call I would have had to fill in a form and record it somewhere and I really couldn't be bothered.
"Okay," she said, "Just going to nip to the warehouse. Won't be long."
"Sure," I said as she got up and left the office. Every day on a late shift she went to the warehouse at the same time. The time she was out of the office varied anywhere between 15 minutes up to an hour. Hanna and myself suspected some sort of work romance, but that was all just rumour and conjecture. She was married, but that just made the idea of it all the more juicy.
I took my mobile phone out of my bag and checked for any messages. Had a browse of my social media and generally took advantage of the boss being out of the room. After ten minutes or so the phone rang again. "Sophie speaking, how can I help?" I said as I picked up the phone.
"Do you have any panties on?" a male voice asked.
I almost just hung up, but for some reason I hesitated. The line was silent, but the timer was still ticking up on the display so it was still open. "Yeah," I replied, "I am at work, of course I do."
The line stayed silent and just as I was about to hang up the silence was broken. "What colour are they?" he asked.
"Green," I said, "Mint green." I could have lied, I could have said any colour and he would not have been any the wiser. As it happened though I was wearing mint green panties, no reason and no significance, they were just the ones that I grabbed first thing this morning.
"What is your name?" he asked.
"Sophie," I said again. I had told him that when I picked up with the standard greeting.
"Surname?" he asked.
"You don't need to know that," I replied, "What is your name?"
"Simon," he said. The line went silent again for a few seconds. Long enough to cause me to check the line was still active. "Do you want to play a game?" he asked.
"What game?" I asked.
"Simon says," he said. I couldn't quite place his voice, I am sure that I had heard it before, but it was not someone I knew well. I did wonder if it was one of my friends being childish and ringing me at work, but as I say, I could not quite place the voice.
"Okay," I said shrugging to myself. I could still just hang up, I was not sure why I hadn't already, but I hadn't, so here I was talking to a stranger who knew what colour panties I was wearing. For some reason I found that quite exciting. Any nuisance calls as they called them should be reported and terminated immediately. As I was on a temporary student contract I am fairly sure what I was doing would be dismissal. If for nothing else I had done no work for 15 minutes now and I was being paid still.
"Whatever Simon says you have to do," he said tentatively
"Well, I am at work," I replied glancing around the room again, "So nothing too risky," I added. I was fairly sure the requests would not be to put my hands on my head or equally innocent requests usually associated with this game.
"Yes, of course," he said, "Let us start easy. What are you wearing?" he asked.
"Shirt and a skirt," I replied.
"And lime green panties?" he asked.
"Yeah," I replied.
"Do you have a bra on?" he asked.
"Yes," I replied.
"Same colour?" he asked.
"No, black," I said, again, being honest.
"Size?" he asked.
I smiled to myself. I knew that question was coming, but even so I was not fully prepared for it. "28A," I said after a moments hesitation. Again I could have lied, I could have claimed to be a 6 foot leggy blonde with massive tits, but stories are easier to remember if you tell the truth where possible, so that was what I went with.
"Simon says, take the bra off," he said.
"Erm.. no," I said taken fully by surprise by his request.
"Simon says," he repeated, "That is the game."
"Yeah, but I am at work," I replied as I looked at the door and around the room. It was a small office that was on the second floor of the building. A large window to my left gave an elevated view of the shop floor. Assuming Joan's guess of an hour was accurate I had 40 minutes. Of course if she came back early it could be embarrassing.
"Yes, you are," he said, "I am sure no one would notice if you didn't have a bra on."
"Yeah, I guess," I replied sounding unsure. I liked a bit of exhibitionism, but taking my bra off in the office was making me feel nervous. A nice nervous though, an exciting nervous which was enhanced by my assumption that if I removed the bra then the second Simon Says would see my panties coming off as well.
"Are you alone in the office?" he asked.
"Yes," I replied looking around again and double checking that the door was properly closed as a flood of bravery washed through me. "The bra off?" I asked him.
"Yes, Simon says take your bra off," he said.
"Give me a sec," I said as I wiggled my arms out of the bra straps underneath my shirt and unclipped it through the shirt behind my back. Reaching up under my top I pulled the bra away and off and placed it in my handbag. "Okay," I said holding my arms across my chest as my nipples brushed against the material of my top and reacted accordingly.
"Is it off?" he asked to which I just said yes. "Where is it?" he asked.
"In my bag," I said.
"Simon says, take your panties off," he said.
"Erm... okay," I said smiling to myself as I again checked the door, "1 sec." I stood up and quickly removed my underwear placing it into my bag and zipping it up so no one could see. I was now sat in the office with no underwear on. Although there is a uniform, I am fairly sure that not wearing underwear is not a breach of any rules. Although saying that I am fairly sure playing Simon Says in work's time and not wearing underwear probably does breach a few rules.
"Does it feel nice?" he asked.
"It feels weird," I said evasively. If I was telling the truth it did feel quite liberating and exciting. I had gone without underwear before. When wearing certain clothing any underwear shows very obvious lines under it, so not wearing any is just easier. But to be sat in the office without any on was exciting. I have always been a bit of an exhibitionist and loved the rush of being potentially caught, and yet at the same time it was terrifying.
"What do you wear in bed?" Simon asked.
"It depends," I said honestly. It ranged from just panties right the way up to fluffy pyjamas and socks in the winter.
"On what?" he asked.
"Time of year," I said leaving out the other variant of who I was in bed with which was the only time I ever really slept in the nude.
"What will you wear tonight?" he asked.
"Probably just a t-shirt," I said.
"Simon says to not wear a t-shirt tonight," he said, "Simon says sleep naked."
"Erm, okay," I said seeing no harm in that. I was just at home tonight and apart from the dog I would have no company.
"Are you in tomorrow?" Simon said.
"Yeah," I replied, "Same shift."
"Simon says don't put any underwear back on today," he said, "And simon says don't wear any underwear tomorrow. I will ring at the same time."
With that he hung up leaving me sitting on my chair holding the phone and wondering why I had gone along with it. I had no idea who he was and yet as a direct result of what he had told me to do I was only wearing a top, skirt and shoes. I hung up the phone and switched my PC back on as it had timed me out. Joan came back in five minutes later and said hello. She asked if anyone had rung and I said that no one had. She sat back at her desk and continued her evening.
I toyed with the idea of nipping to the bathroom and putting my underwear back on. To be honest the lack of panties was no concern, the skirt was long enough and anything short of falling over or someone just blatantly looking up it there was no real danger of anyone seeing anything. The lack of a bra though coupled with a thin shirt gave a decent outline of my nipples. I am not gifted with a large chest, but even my A cup breasts pressed against the material enough to show clear outlines of my nipples. I argued with myself for a while, but in the end just opted to not bother. As I said, Joan is well into her 50's, and even if she was looking at my chest her generation was not likely to bring up the subject anyway.
My shift finished and I caught the bus home. I had a coat on now, so my lack of a bra didn't matter. I got home at half 10 and let myself in. Much to my disappointment my brother was still in. I thought he was out for the night. "Hi," I said as I hung my coat up.
"Hello," he said, "Good work shift?"
"Hardly good," I said, "I was at work. Mum and Dad out?"
"Yeah, they are due back late I think," he said, "You off out?"
"No. Not tonight," I said, "Why aren't you out?"
"Just waiting for my lift," he said, "Steve is supposed to be picking me up 20 mins ago," he added checking his watch.
"Forgot ya?" I grinned at him.
"Probably," he replied, "I will ring him."
"Good plan," I said, "Gonna go and have a shower, have fun when you go." I had been offered a night out, but as I was fairly short on cash anyway plus I was so horny I had decided on a date with my fingers, a few Duracell and an early night instead.
"See ya tomorrow," he said as I went upstairs and into my room.
I closed my door, pulling my curtains closed before taking my top off and kicking my shoes off as well. I removed my make-up and finally took off my skirt. Naked, I went onto the landing and after a diversion into my parents room to get a fresh towel I went into the bathroom and had a shower. Directing the jet of water between my legs so it danced all over my clit I stayed in there for a lot longer than was required. I considering just finishing myself off in the shower, but I had the house to myself so was not going to waste the opportunity.
I got out of the shower and dried myself. Wrapping my hair in a towel I walked back to my room wearing just the towel on my head and pushed my door to. I dried my hair and tied it into a ponytail. I opened my bedside draw and took out my rabbit. I loved my rabbit, it had cost me far more than I ever wanted to spend on a sex toy, but wow, was it worth it. I switched it on and frowned. It also chewed through batteries and although it was not dead it was not as lively as I would like it to be. I placed it on my bed and took out my other vibrator. It was no where near as good, but it used the same battery sizes, but it was also practically dead as well. Cursing to myself I hoped we had some batteries downstairs.
The closest shop that sold any was a 5 minute walk away, and although not far, I was naked, and had hoped to stay naked, if I had to go to the shop I would have to put something on. I opened my door and the dog greeted me with his usual excitement I swatted his nose away from where he was aiming for and told him to behave. I was fairly sure he was a pervert, but he was cute and he has seen me naked a lot. The layout of our house had the stairs doing down into the living room. As was usual when my brother went out every single light possible was on as well as the TV playing to itself. "Erm... Sophie?" my brother voice said as I got to the foot of the stairs.
"Fuck," I blurted out, "Why are you still here?" I asked throwing my hands between my legs which was very much closing the stable door after the horse had bolted. The angle of the sofa he was sat on to where the stairs were would have meant that he would have seen me slowly reveal myself as I walked down the stairs from my feet upwards. Each step would have slowly revealed my nudity to him. Step one to three would have been fine, masked by the ceiling. Step four would have been my bare feet and ankles. Step five would have been my calves. Step six my knees and lower thighs. Step seven would have got very interesting revealing the very top of my thighs and my hairless pussy. Step eight was my tummy with step nine exposing my small breasts. Step ten and eleven showing my shoulders, neck and my still oblivious face with the final twelfth step leaving me stood in the living room with nothing left to the imagination.
"He is running late," he replied, his eyes not looking away still.
"At least look away," I snapped as his eyes just diverted from my now covered pussy up to my uncovered breasts.
"Sorry," he said looking away, "Why aren't you wearing anything?" he asked, his eyes now staring at the TV.
"I have just had a shower and was going to get a drink," I lied, deciding against admitting I needed batteries for a sex toy, although embarrassment levels would not have been able to get much higher if I just admitted to it. I ran back upstairs and put a dressing gown on before going downstairs again. Putting the dressing gown on took a grand total of 4 seconds, and yet 30 seconds earlier I hadn't bothered.
He looked over at me as I got to the bottom of the stairs again and just gave a shy smile with a slight shrug. "Fuuuuuuck, cant believe you just saw me naked," I groaned to myself as realisation began to set in. "I assume you saw everything?"
"Erm," he replied clearly unsure how he should answer that. He has previously never seen me naked. The most he has seen was me wearing just my panties when he walked in on me when I was changing. Judging my his nervous expression he remembered the verbal abuse he got even though I had my arms over my boobs before the door had finished opening so except the panties themselves he saw nothing.
"Did you see?" I asked again smiling at him, "I just walked downstairs naked, I am hardly entitled to get mad if you did," I added.
"Yeah, sorry," he replied.
"Fuck," I muttered again feeling myself blush, "Everything I assume?"
He just nodded slowly, "Yeah, afraid so," he shrugged, "You shave..."
"Wax," I corrected as I felt my blush intensify, "But yeah, oops. That will teach me to assume everyone is out."
A beep of the horn broke the conversation off and my brother said goodbye and went out. Where he should have gone over an hour ago. I did get myself a drink while I was downstairs, but I also raided the battery tin and managed to get the required three AA batteries. I went back upstairs and threw off the dressing gown and inserted the batteries into the rabbit. Switching it on I felt it jump in my hand as the intense vibration kicked in. It was the Jessica Rabbit model. 5 inch insertable length and a circumference of 5.5 inches. Big enough for me and still small enough for me to experiment with very light anal play, still didn't like it. Closing my door I got into bed and kicked the duvet too the foot of the bed.
I opened my legs and using my right hand I gently teased my fingers over my clit. Moaning softly immediately I arched my back and moved my fingers down further and felt my excitement coat them. I pushed the rabbit into my mouth and sucked it for a few minutes as I teased myself to make sure I was wet enough. I saw my phone light up a fraction of a second before the ring tone kicked in. "Fucks sake," I muttered to myself as I lifted it up.
Hanna, of course it was. "Hey," I said after composing myself.
"Hey babe, you coming out?" she asked.
"Nar, skint," I said.
"Aww no way," she said, "I'll buy your first, wear a short skirt and some guy will buy you any others."
I laughed at her comment. "No ta," I said, "I am in bed anyway."
"Oooo really?" she said in a pervy tone, "What ya wearing?"
"You know what I wear in bed," I replied rolling my eyes.
"Yeah I do, but you are on speaker phone and I bet Dave would like to know," she replied.
"I bet he would, you can tell him," I said, "Have a good night."
"Do you have fresh batteries?" she asked me with a giggle and I heard her say to someone else, "just a t-shirt normally," as she told Dave what I wore in bed.
"Have a good night Hanna," I said ignoring her comment.
"I bet she has fresh batteries. Hey folks, Sophie is gonna fuck herself," she said loudly, "You there?" she asked me.
"Yes, ignoring you," I replied, "Have a good night."
"Yeah, you too," Hanna replied and paused for a few seconds, "You do don't you?" she asked in a whisper.
"Night hun," I said rolling my eyes again and hanging up on her.
I turned the volume down on my phone and turned it over so I would not see it light up. I continued where I left off and sucked the rabbit. I pushed it into my throat a couple of times before opened my legs and slid it into me.
I moaned softly as I felt it penetrate me and thrust it in and out of me a few times until I felt the ears nestle around my clit. I turned the toy onto pulse and held it against myself. "Oh God yes," I moaned to myself as my body erupted with pleasure from top to toe. Clitoral stimulation did it for me and the toy was so good at it I knew that it would not be long before I went cross-eyed.
I screwed myself with it, the shaft rippling and rotating as I pushed it in and out of myself. My breathing quickly became laboured and I remembered why I didn't use this when there were people in. It was not quiet, and neither was I when I used it. I heard a growl and soft bark from outside my door. "I am okay Charlie, go to bed," I said softly but loud enough to be heard. I was greeted by a slightly louder bark that I ignored.
Pushing the toy as deep into me as it could go my eyes widened as the ears surrounded my clit. I stopped breathing for a few moments until gasping for air as I neared orgasm. "Ooo yes," I whispered to myself as I started to thrust my hips up against the toy trying to speed up the thrusting.
As I thrust though the ears shifted from around my clit losing the sensation. My pleasure distracted brain quickly realised this and I stopping thrusting as I pushed it as deep into me as it could go again. Another bark, this time louder. "Fuck off Charlie," I shouted which just encouraged him and he barked twice again.
He barked again and I slammed the toy onto the bed. "Fucks sake dog," I snapped, "Cant a girl cum in peace?" I spat as I got up and yanked my door open.
"What?" I asked staring at him as he just stared back at me wagging his tail. "What?" I repeated to him.
I gave him a quick fuss and bit of attention and closed my door again. He scratched at it and I gave up and left it unlatched. Before I was back in bed he had pushed open the door and was sat next to me watching. "Really?" I said looking at him, "You are going to watch me masturbate?"
He didn't reply, of course he didn't, he was a dog, he just sat staring and wagging his tail. "Don t tell your friends," I said smiling to myself as I got on my front and onto my knees lifting my bum into the air.
Pushing the toy into myself from behind I turned my face so I was not distracted by a dog watching me. What was most disturbing was I had let a couple of ex boyfriends watch me masturbate and their expression was pretty similar to the dog's. I held it deep inside myself, allowing the ears to vibrate my clit and after a few moments I felt my tummy muscles pulse and relax. I moaned softly as I felt my orgasm rise up between my legs as I lost control of my body. I shivered and rippled in time to my orgasm as I climaxed. Removing the toy I laid onto my side and place it on my bed side table.
Charlie took this as an invite to get up onto my bed and curl up at the foot of it. I had a king size bed so there was plenty of space for him although he was laying on the duvet so I couldn't move it. I tugged it a few times, but gave up and got up. I went to the bathroom taking the toy and giving it a wash. I dried it and went back to my room. I put it away, hiding it under my books in the draw. "In or out?" I said to Charlie pointing at the door.
He just looked at me and curled up tighter on my bed. "Okay, fine, but you stay in all night," I said as I closed the door and automatically reached for the t-shirt that was folded up underneath my pillow. I held it and and hesitated, Simon said to sleep naked as I argued with myself internally for a few seconds. "Sleep naked, go on, Simon said," I said to myself as I threw the t-shirt onto the other side of the bed and climbed in shuffling the dog further across with my feet to make space for myself.
I pulled at the duvet a couple of times, but it was underneath him and as it was warm I let him keep the duvet, I curled up and quickly fell asleep.
There was a tap at my door what felt like 10 seconds later. "Is the dog in there?" I heard my Dad ask through the closed door.
"Er, yeah," I said sleepily as I checked with my foot that he was still there.
"Do you want him out?" he asked.
"Yeah, can do," I replied, "I'm not decent though, don't come in," I added as although it was pretty much pitch black the light in the hallway would be on and I was naked with no duvet.
"Come on Charlie," he said as he opened my door for him, The dog got off my bed and I heard him go out. I heard my door close and after pulling up the duvet to cover myself I quickly fell asleep again.