Chapter 6
After my afternoon with Emily, where she showed me more about her fantasies and then masturbated for me, I had a lot of big ideas running through my head. But first, I needed to figure out something we had already talked about: Halloween. The big weekend for Halloween parties was two weeks away, but I needed to start early on putting Emily's costume together. I had a lot of ideas, but it would really depend on what was available.
So I texted Zoe to get her help with the decision, including asking her to send me a picture of Emily's closet and drawers, so I knew what she had to work with. When the first round of pictures didn't include enough detail, I had to get specific. I got back a couple pictures of every piece of underwear, lingerie, and swimsuit that she owned, along with a text pointing out how creepy that would be if Zoe didn't know that Emily wanted this. It was a good point, but I needed the full inventory to know what to do.
I wanted to respect Emily's request to not be totally exposed when going to these parties, but I also wanted to do something that would excite her. Going with one of the normal slutty Halloween looks would be too tame for her once she really got in the exhibitionist mood. But I also needed to ease her into it. After seeing her wardrobe, I had a perfect idea, but of course I would not be sharing it for a couple days. I asked Zoe if she could sneak a couple pieces out and give them to me so that I could have it all together for the party weekend, and she agreed, saying that I could meet her that night, a Tuesday, at the art building, where she was staying late to work on a project.
Since this was to be a secret from Emily, it made perfect sense to me to meet away from the dorm, so I headed over after dinner. As I was approaching, I texted Zoe to ask her to let me in. All the academic buildings on campus had the same keycard system, to make sure you could only get in after hours if you had a reason to be there. It was a pain at times, but we understood the security. I was therefore surprised for Zoe to text back, telling me to just go to the side door, on the east side, because it was already open. That was unusual for campus. The door was a little hidden in a service courtyard area, where it looked like students worked on outdoor projects. The concrete was stained with paint and there was scrap wood all over the place.
I tried the door, and it opened with no card needed. How odd. I followed the directions she texted me and found her in one of the studios down the hall. As she was handing over the bag, I asked about the door.
"Oh yeah, the door broke years ago, but no one ever put in a work order to fix it because everyone hated having to use their card while carrying stuff out to the work yard," she said. "Security has never noticed I guess. We're not exactly top priority for repairs here in the art department either. The engineering building that makes all the money for the school gets all the new stuff. But I guess we are ok with broken doors and missing security cameras. But it's not like we have many valuables here, so its fine."
We talked for a minute but I wanted to let her get back to work, so I thanked her and headed off. But I decided to walk around a bit and investigate, because my discussion with her put ideas in my head. It was a good sized, 3 story building, filled with various studios and galleries. Not many people around at this point. The real thing I was looking for was what Zoe just mentioned: cameras. There were none. In a couple places, I could tell that there used to be on there, because of wires sticking out of the wall, but they appeared long gone now. The only camera I found was at the main entrance, pointing at the front door, far away from that always open door. A plan was quickly coming together, one that I hoped Emily would be excited about.
I waited till Thursday to tell her that I had planned something for her that weekend. I decided we should go late Saturday night as it would likely be when the building was emptiest, maybe even completely empty. That would be ok. I told her that I would be in front of her building at 11 and to wear normal clothes for walking around outside, plus bring the disguise. That was honestly about as far as I formally planned for that evening because the entire adventure was centered on the single visual of Emily walking down a classroom hallway completely naked. And that was what we were on the way to do.
I met her at her door, finding her eagerly waiting. She was wearing jeans and a thick shirt, as it was starting to get cold by this point in the evening. That was something I needed to start being conscious of. I think she was surprised when we turned towards campus instead of towards the parking where my car usually was, but she understood when I told her that our destination was on campus. She had that same nervous energy as always, but became ever more nervous once I suggested that we would be staying on campus. I reassured her that I wasn't making her do anything that challenging, and told her that she probably wouldn't even be seen at all tonight. That it was more about the location instead of the exhibition.
There was basically no one out on campus at 11pm on a Saturday night, unsurprisingly. We passed maybe 3 people the whole way there. So I figured it would be the same for the building we were headed to. As the art building came into view, I pointed and told her our destination.
"How? It'll be locked like the rest of campus?" she asked.
"Well I have insider information. There is an open door," I revealed to her, causing some surprise and excitement when she realized what that meant for her night.
I led her to the side, to the door, and was happy to not see any movement. I didn't want us to be seen on the way in, just in case. As we entered, I told her that I found out about this opportunity from Zoe, and pointed out that there were no cameras either. That caused a naughty smirk to come across her face, so I knew that she was thinking the same thing I was.
I suggested we walk a bit, just to see if anyone was around, and then head up to the top floor. The halls were dim, I guess the main lighting was on a timer. In our brief survey of the building, there was no one besides ourselves, but we didn't stop everywhere. It did seem pretty abandoned though, which I hoped would inspire more daring in Emily. Finally at the top level, I found an art studio classroom for us to walk into, one that was set up for a figure drawing class. That's where tonight would start.
"Look Emily, it's all set up for you already. Have you thought any more about signing up to be a model for art classes next semester? We both know you'd love it," I said as I closed the door behind us.
"You're right. I would love it. But I haven't decided yet. Maybe I need to practice some more," she said with a laugh.
"Maybe so," I replied. "Just think. In this very room, nearly every day, a student just like one of us takes off their clothes and stands in front of a class of strangers. And those strangers examine every inch of their body. All eyes on their naked skin. Nothing to hide. Don't you want to be that girl?"
She was smiling as I talked but didn't respond. I then said, "I think it's time to get some of that practice in actually." She nodded and I didn't have to say anything else. I picked out a chair to watch.
She set the bag with her supplies down and pulled them all out. Hat, wig, shoes. She instinctively took a quick look around, even know we both knew we were along, and then began to undress right there in the middle of the room. Her shirt came off first, revealing her naked upper half since she skipped the bra. She pulled the wig and hat in place next, giving her the little sense of safety she needed to do this. She slipped out of her shoes and the slid down her jeans, showing me the bright red underwear she had on. But then those quickly followed, and she was naked. At first, she reached down to put the new shoes on, but I stopped her, saying that figure models don't wear shoes. She agreed, stepped up on the platform, and turned towards me.
"So Ben, how shall I pose for you?" she asked. "Like this?" she said as she put her arms up in the air to form a human X. "Or like this?" she said as she rotated and turned her head back to me, showing me her ass. "Or should I just go straight for something more explicit. I guess I couldn't do any poses like that if I did this for real. I'd probably be too embarrassed anyway to show that much."
"You pose however you want," I said. "But wait, I forgot my sketchbook, so I guess I'll just have to take some pictures." I pulled up my phone and snapped one immediately. I kept snapping as she quickly ran through some poses. But after just a minute, I think we both knew that it was time to keep going with the events of the evening.
"Hey Emily, I think you've practiced plenty. Should we take a walk now?" I said.
"Of course!" she exclaimed as she hopped down. I stopped her again from putting the shoes on, telling her that there was no need since we would be staying inside. I picked up the bag after she repacked her clothes and headed for the door. It had now been 10 minutes or so since we checked the building, and I assumed it would still be clear, but I told her that I would take a look outside before we began. I also had a secret motive as I stepped out. After a glance down the hallways, I picked another open room and hid the bag of clothes on a hook behind the door. I wanted her to explore without having to carry the bag with us. I knew she wouldn't agree to that if there was a choice, so I made it.
I went back into the room we started in, finding her examining her body in a mirror on the wall. "Ready?" I asked. "Ready!" she said. Halfway to the door though, she asked where the bag went. "What bag?" I said, playfully at first, but then I followed up by saying that I hid it somewhere safe. She frowned for a second, but then took a breath and said ok. So we made it to the door and both stepped out into the open hallway. Now, this step crossed the line of where someone should be naked in the art building and where someone shouldn't be naked. At first, her steps were gentle and slow on the likely cold tile floor, but she quickly adapted to her situation and began to enjoy it.
"You may be the first person ever to be naked in this hallway," I said as I kept walking. "Let's find out where else you can be the first naked person."
"How far are we going to go?" she asked with some thrill.
"I don't know, maybe back to your dorm?" I joked. She hit me on the arm and faked laugh. "We will go as far as you are comfortable tonight. But you're safe here. No one else is going to be here tonight."
She agreed, so we continued down the hall. The building was an L shape. We were on the 3rd floor, near the end of the short leg. Stairs at the end of each leg, and an elevator at the intersection. I suggested we walk all the way to the end of the floor and see how she felt. She was still trying to be cautious and observe her surroundings carefully, so we didn't talk at first, just walk.
But then I had to ask. "How does this feel? To be right in the middle of a school building?"
She replied, "I'd thought about doing something like this for forever. But I never imagined that this would be possible. It's very weird to say the least. Especially to be walking away from my clothes like this. I like it though!"
"If you could do this during the day, with people around, would you?" I asked, probing her desires.
No answer. Then she just said, "That's not possible. No way I could do that."
To which I responded, "You just said that you thought doing it at all was impossible. And here you are. If you want it, we can find a way to do it."
She blushed intensely, I assume because she thought about really doing it. But then said that no, she didn't want to think about that now, and just wanted to enjoy this moment. So we kept walking, now about halfway down the other hallway to the staircase at the end, her still naked and the surroundings still quiet. That gave her confidence to answer positively when I asked if she wanted to go down the stairs. "I'm here already, might as well get the full experience," she said with a grin.
When we opened the door to the stairs, she paused, saying that she wanted to listen for moment. No noise, so she took the step in to the brightly lit stairwell. "Ok now this is scarier," she told me as she took the first step down. She jumped a little when I let the door close behind me loudly, making both of us laugh as we kept going. At the next landing down, she asked me to take a look out again to make sure it was clear. It was, and we continued. "Let's go all the way to the other staircase," I told her, and she agreed.
Now a full floor away from her clothes, I was expecting her to be more nervous, but it almost seemed to empower her. Instead of just walking now, she was starting to act like a normal student, looking at the walls of the hall and commenting on all the art displayed. Halfway down the hall, we even passed one nude sketch, making her stop and laugh, pointing out that it was a picture of her. I made her stop and match the pose and I took a picture. She was totally relaxed and totally nude.
"On Monday, there's going to be dozens and dozens of students walking right here," I reminded her. "They'll never know a naked girl explored their building tonight." She smiled.
Now we were passing the elevator with just a short stretch to the stairs at the end. This would be a moment of decision about what else would happen tonight. I gave her the option as we approached. "Up to your clothes, or down to more naked exploration? Safety, or can I push you farther?"
Almost no hesitation, she said "We've already done 2 floors, might as well do 3." Perfect.
She repeated the same act at this stair door and we went down. Luckily for her, neither stair had windows. That might have kept her from being this daring, taking her now 2 full floors from her protection. The ground floor was a little different than the two above. Half of it was similar classrooms, but there were also offices and a couple galleries that were nicer, and a lobby where the main front door, and the only camera, was. That lobby was all the way at the other end, so it would be easy to avoid.
This time, she didn't ask me to check out the door, she just went for it and walked out into the hallway where anyone could have seen her. "Where should we go?" she asked me. "Let's go to the gallery," I answered. The gallery was just past the elevators, right at the center of the building.
She skipped straight there, through the middle of the hall, now not even bothering to look around or trying to not make noise. Her bare feet were slapping the floor with each step, and when she reached the gallery, she turned back to me and said "Are you coming?" I was just watching her naked joy. But then I followed her to the gallery.
The gallery was a large room, much more well-lit, and filled with art and sculptures. The bright white light made this room seem like it was in the middle of the day, making her nudity there feel even more unusual. She was walking among the art, admiring the pieces on the wall, while I admired her. I snapped a couple more pictures of her exploring now that the light was perfect for photography.
We talked for a moment about what pieces we liked the best, but we agreed that the room could use more nudes. There were none, except for Emily of course. So I told her to pose for some pictures over against one of the blank white walls. She was acting so comfortable now, as if she wasn't completely nude, multiple floors away from her clothes, in a completely public building. I almost started to forget as well, since it was so private and quiet around the building that late at night. She did a couple art model poses, making images that would be perfectly at home in that gallery. But I thought she could do better.
"How about something more revealing?" I asked, motioning for her to get down on the ground.
She understood immediately. She sat, leaned back against the wall, and spread her legs towards me and the camera, revealing all. I noticed that she had the biggest smile on her face while doing it. I snapped a couple, but then had an idea and directed her to turn her head to the side so that her hair completely covered her face. I had plans for that photo.
After I told her I was done, she hopped up and asked me "Where now?" with some excitement.
I didn't have anything else planned. The gallery was as far as I assumed we would go. So I told her, "There's not much else on this floor I think. But we can go out to the hall and look around."
It was still quiet out there, so she walked casually and unafraid out of the gallery and into the hall. The lobby with the camera was one direction, and the door we entered was in the other direction. We briefly explored, but besides the lobbies, it was just offices that we couldn't get in to, so we agreed that our night may be done.
But before we started towards one of the stairs, I suggested one final challenge. We would ride the elevator back up to the third floor. It wouldn't be that much more of a challenge, except that there would be no where to run if someone happened to be in the building and calling the elevator. I assumed she realized that as well. But she had no fear.
"Let's do it," she said, and walked over to push the button, standing right there in the public hallway naked and unashamed.
The door immediately opened, which made sense since the building was empty. We stepped in and pressed our floor. The door closed, and I commented to her that this was another space she was probably the first ever naked person, making her laugh again. Unsurprisingly, we arrived at the third floor without issue and she stepped right out to the hall without taking a look first. I could tell that she was walking slow as we turned towards the first classroom, trying to keep her exposure going. I walked ahead to find her bag while she slowly looked at art on the walls.
When I handed her the bag back, she took it but didn't pull her clothes out, pausing with indecision and then resolve.
"While we are here, I think I want to do something else that no one has ever done before," she said as she began to sit on the floor. "You can watch again. I think I liked being watched last week."
I was totally shocked to see her push to masturbating again, this time in a public hallway of a classroom building, but she must have been fully convinced that the building was empty.
"If I have the opportunity, might as well, right?" she asked as her legs began to spread.
I sat on the floor opposite her, about 10 feet away and just watched as she gave a repeat performance from her bedroom the week before. She came much faster this time, I assume because of the risk and thrill getting her already aroused. She just laid on the floor for a minute after. I stood and walked over, looking down at her body, nearly glowing with pleasure. She smiled up at me and said "I cannot fucking believe I just did that." I laughed. She continued, "Everyone needs to try cumming on the floor of a classroom hallway. Best orgasm ever." She laughed too, and then stood up, picking up the bag of clothes on the way up.
She started walking away, towards the stairs. "I'll get dressed downstairs," she told me after noticing my confusion. We took the stairs back down, and now she walked down them casually. Back at the ground floor hallway, she set the bag down to start getting dressed, but I stopped her.
"One final challenge. You should go outside like this and get dressed there," I told her, curious if she would do it. It was right around midnight on a Saturday night, so it was entirely possible that someone would be out walking on campus, headed to or from a party or bar.
Emily walked over to the glass door we entered, and scanned the view outside. "Why not," she said. All we could see from there was that work courtyard, which was empty of course. There was a public path just beyond that, behind some trees. No movement at all, so she pushed the door open and stepped out. I followed.
Her steps were back to being cautious here. Every time her nudity is pushed into a new situation or place, she seemed to revert to being nervous and afraid. I don't blame her for that though. She walked over to the center of the work space and looked back up at the building that she just explored.
"So you up for doing that again, but on a day when people will be around?" I asked. She just hit my arm and blushed again. I needed to find a way to make that possible for her. "Let's walk to the other side of the trees, and then you can get dressed," I said.
She agreed, and cautiously turned the corner from the privacy of the work yard to the public pathway, looking down both directions before taking a timid step out. This was by far the most potentially exposed she had been all night.
"You streaked on campus before, why are you so nervous?" I asked.
"That doesn't matter. Every time is like the first time," she said as she set the bag down and started pulling out clothes. "It's terrifying until its suddenly not and I am used to it. I could do the same thing every time and still be nervous at first."
I nodded, trying to understand the metal logic. She dressed, right there on the public path, and finally we were done for the night. A quick and uneventful walk back to her dorm followed. The night ended with a hug on her door step and ideas in my head for what was next.
Thursday was Halloween, but the parties were happening that weekend. I had heard about the party we would be going to through friends of friends, so it would likely be pretty safe for Emily's reputation. I had invited Zoe with us and she decided to accept, especially once I told her what would be happening. I also decided to see if Laura wanted to join. Since she didn't know Emily's secret, we had been having to leave her out of plans recently and I felt bad about that. We were definitely still hanging out in class as school friends, but all of my extra time was going to Emily. I also hoped that by bringing her along, that she would end up finding out about Emily. Happily, she accepted too.
I texted the plan to everyone. Meet at Emily's and Zoe's on Saturday night, and then we would carpool over to the house where the party was at. And I was to arrive early to get Emily in her costume. I arrived with a couple bags in hand to a very excited, and already naked Emily. Zoe was walking around getting ready herself. It appeared she was going to be some kind of modern art painting, at least that was what I assumed from the face paint she had on.
"Ready to find out what your costume will be tonight Emily?" I asked her.
She enthusiastically said yes, so I swiftly pulled out the couple items and told her what she'd be. "Tonight, you are going to be a lifeguard. I felt that was appropriate."
I held up the 5 items she would have: a small red bikini top, a red thong style bikini bottom, a pair of white nike shorts, a pair of sunglasses, and a whistle. She had the shorts and bikini top already. She had normal cut bottoms for the bikini also, but I wanted to challenge her with the thong.
"What do you think?" I asked.
"Oh wow, well it is a little less coverage than I expected, but I like the idea! I'm glad I get to have the shorts," she responded.
"Well for now," I laughed while winking at her.
She pulled on the costume right there in the living room while I got ready also. I was a pirate. It was an easy costume. I'm not one for involved costumes. Laura arrived soon after also. She had an 80's dancer costume on. She was a bit shocked at first when she saw what Emily was wearing, but we laughed about how at least it was more clothing that the last time we hung out in that apartment. I thought that maybe this would be the time to tell her, but I was going to let Emily do that herself. Laura never found out about Emily posing for the class as far as we knew and we hadn't really had any weekend sessions in a while, but I figured that she might have made an assumption by now.
I let Emily wear a jacket on the way out since it was a bit chilly out there and we headed out to the first party. We were arriving pretty late so that it would already be pretty full. After we parked and started walking, I pulled Emily aside as the other two continued in so that I could tell her more about her night.
"So Emily, I have some instructions for you tonight. First, you have to leave the jacket in the car. It should be plenty warm in there. Second, I want to make sure that plenty of people see you, so we are going to mingle and talk to everyone, and I don't want you to try to hide away. People need to see you. And last, at some point tonight, I am going to ask you to give me your shorts. Just remember, you are basically just wearing what you would at the pool, no need to be nervous. No one is going to judge you."
I guessed that there would be some nervousness that she was going out as herself, but she just seemed excited after I finished my instructions.
"No problem Ben. Not nervous at all. There's gotta be at least a couple girls in there wearing less than this, so I can do this," she said as she handed me the jacket and started walking towards the house.
When I made it in, I found her with Zoe and Laura having an animated conversation with a group of guys. Even I could tell that every single one of them was just constantly taking peaks at her cleavage in the bikini. I was too of course. We mingled like that for a while, having a couple drinks along the way. Emily was right, there were multiple girls that were in similar levels of dress, even a couple guys without shirts. Halloween really does just bring the skin out.
We were having a lot of fun. Our group mostly stayed together, except for Zoe who knew some other people there are broke off to talk at some point. With the little bit of alcohol, Emily was getting even more shameless with her flaunting. Now she was definitely intentionally presenting her breasts when talking to new people. We had been there for about an hour by now and I decided that it was time for the next step. I pulled her aside when we walked over to the drink table and just whispered in her ear "I need your shorts."
She looked back and smiled, but then continued over to the drink table. I saw her grab a jello shot, down it, and then walk back. As soon as she was by me, she reached down and slipped the white shorts off and gave them to me. She twirled for me, saying "How do I look?"
"Of course, fantastic. But compared to how I normally see you, a little overdressed," I responded.
"Ha," she laughed sarcastically. She turned away from me and pointed her thong covered butt at me. "Does my ass look good in this thong Ben? I've never been a thong girl, but I kind of like it."
I took a good long stare and told her "It's an incredible ass Emily. I'm so glad I get to see it so often."
It really was a great ass. The thong revealed all of it, just as I hoped. It was enough exposure for now, and still satisfied her desire to not be too exposed while at a party where she could run into someone she knew. As far as I knew, that hadn't happened yet tonight, leading to the fearless attitude.
I led her back over to our group after we got new drinks. Laura and Zoe didn't notice the change at first, but quickly, a guy walking by did, giving a classic wolf whistle. Others definitely noticed then, making Emily blush just a bit at first, but then revel in the attention.
"Did you lose something Emily?" Laura asked, a little surprised at the look.
"Uh yeah I just felt like this would be more comfortable, I was feeling a little hot. I wear this at the pool all the time, no big deal," Emily said, trying and kind of failing to justify the thong. Laura looked suspicious.
She took the answer and didn't push it while we stood around for a couple more minutes. Suddenly, a girl walked up behind us and tapped Emily's shoulder, saying "I can't believe you're here Emily!" Of course, it would happen that she would run into someone she knew just as soon as I made her lose the shorts.
It turned out that it was her first year roommate, who she didn't keep much contact with. She was surprised to see her there but more surprised at the costume. She ribbed her a bit for how revealing it was compared to her and our group. It definitely did seem like a whole different level of exposure without the shorts. Emily didn't seem that embarrassed, but did appear to not want to stay around someone she knew. The former roommate left soon though, so she was back to the safety of her anonymity. A couple minutes later, Laura saw someone she knew as well, and broke off to talk to them.
That meant it was the perfect time for the next phase of the night. I found an excuse to pull Emily away and brought her outside.
"Emily, I have a surprise. Look across the street. There's another party that we are going to go crash. And I brought you a second costume to wear to it. This seems like a good time to change and go over for a little bit," I told her as we started walking away from the house. "It's in the car, let's go get it."
She suspiciously agreed, and we walked over to where I parked. I handed her a bag and she quickly was able to pull out all the items since there wasn't much making up this costume. All that was in the bag was a black mini skirt, a black sheer shirt, and a black costume mask that covered most of her face.
"Uh Ben, seems like this might be missing some pieces?" she questioned.
"Nope. This is all you need. Get dressed."
She didn't fight the order. While she was putting it on in the darkness of the backseat, I texted Zoe to tell her that we slipped away to another party and would be back in 20 or 30 minutes, also asking for her to keep Laura busy. Soon, she opened the door and climbed out, revealing the outfit. Even in the darkness of the street, it was a striking look. Her boobs were pretty clearly visible through the sheer shirt and the skirt made her exposed legs seem even longer and hotter. It was a good as I had hoped and I told her that. I handed her one more item, a cat ear headband. She laughed. She didn't seem nervous about it at all, probably because of the alcohol and the mask, and boldly followed me as I started walking away from the car and to the house across the street.
I told her as we entered that we would just make a lap or two around the house and show herself off. Entering the house, it was clear that it was a busier party, and also much darker inside. That was a little disappointing at first, because it probably meant that fewer people would be able to tell her state of undress. We walked for a few minutes around the rooms to get a sense of what was happening. I'm sure a few people noticed her, but no visible responses yet. There were other skimpily dressed girls here also, dressed like she was at the last party. Bikinis or underwear ended up drawing more attention than a sheer shirt that didn't show that much in the darkness. We needed light.
Then suddenly, I noticed that there was actually one area that was much better lit: ironically, the backyard. Outside, there was a solid glow of string lights and torches. Perfect. We grabbed a drink from the open table of alcohol and then I pushed her towards the direction of the door to the backyard. She downed half the cup before we went out, and I didn't blame her. I was forcing her to basically be topless without any disguise or way to run away.
Outside was still pretty packed with people, but not quite as bad. There was space to move around and gaps between the groups, and enough light that I could immediately notice her nipples. They were standing hard. I directed her right towards the center where we stopped and started casually talking. I wanted to put her right where everyone around us could notice her. As we chatted and drank, I kept my eyes on everyone around. There were looks but nothing much at first. Then a couple of guys to the side of us definitely noticed and appeared to be too drunk to keep their reactions in control. They were just straight pointing and laughing about it, talking about how nice those tits were and how they wished every girl dressed like that.
Emily heard it too and blushed a bit. I could see thinking about something, and the she suddenly told me that she would be back in just a second. I watched her turn and walk right over to those guys and ask them something. I almost started laughing at how exaggerated their reactions were to her appearance. Their eyes were just straight down at her boobs and huge smiles on their faces. I was amazed they could even talk to respond. But then they did, and she walked back over to me.
"What did you just do?" I asked.
"Oh I just told them that my costume didn't have any room for a phone so I wanted to know if any of them could tell me what time it was," she replied.
"Genius," I said. It was. I was glad to see her push herself to face to face exhibition. I'm sure the alcohol was helping, but still.
We then decided to wander outside for a few more minutes and then head back to the other party. I was satisfied with what happened, as this was really just meant to be a test of how she acted without the disguise. So the short party showing off was enough data for me to help with future planning.
As we walked around, at least one or two guys stopped her to say something, but we really just pushed through the crowd and went back outside to the car. I told her that she could change back to the first costume or keep this one before we went back to the first party.
She thought for a moment. "Well as much as I would love to keep wearing this one, when we go back in, we will have to find Laura again, and I don't want to explain this," she said, pointing at her tits.
"Fair point. Ok you can change. But I think Laura should know eventually. She's already seen you naked many many times, so she shouldn't be that surprised," I told her.
She quickly changed in the car and we walked back in, finding Laura and Zoe almost immediately. Laura was wondering where we disappeared to, but we just made an excuse about seeing someone else we knew outside. All 4 of us stayed at that party for just a bit longer before deciding as a group that we were done for the night.
We piled back into the car for the short trip back to campus, with Zoe and Laura in the back seat. Just as we were staring to drive away though, Laura realized she was sitting on something, and pulled whatever it was out, revealing the skirt and sheer shirt balled up. She unrolled it and held it up, trying to figure out what it was. Three of the four of us immediately knew, but were not sure what to do.
Emily spoke first, "Oh, those are mine Laura, you can pass them to me."
Laura did, but then questioned what they were for.
"Uh, those were pieces for another costume that I was thinking about wearing tonight, but decided against."
"What were you going to wear with those? They're cute, but I feel like you need more to the costume," Laura replied.
Emily said "Oh well it wasn't a complete idea yet, I just liked how those looked."
I could feel that the subject was about to change, but I wanted to keep this going so I interjected. "Yeah we were afraid that it would be too revealing. She wasn't going to wear anything under the shirt but was afraid of her boobs being too visible."
I honestly couldn't believe I was saying that. We were all talking a bit freer due to the alcohol. I really wanted to push this. I got a bit of a glare from Emily, while Laura replied with some surprise and agreement that the costume would be too much.
But I think Zoe got what I was trying to do, because she pushed the conversation also, saying "I think you should have done it Emily. Halloween is the time to be a little naughty and show off if you want to. I mean, it's just a body. We didn't have a problem with posing for sketches, I can't imagine why there would be a problem now. Anyway, some girls love that chance to get to show their body off on Halloween. Be a little slutty, be an exhibitionist even. I wouldn't blame you if you joined in."
"It's not for me, but I guess I get why some girls like doing that," Laura replied. "I wouldn't have thought you would be like that ever Emily, but then again I wouldn't have imagined the nude figure drawing. So if you've got the body and the confidence, more power to you."
Now I shot the glare at Emily, trying to use my eyes to tell her that she should just tell Laura. After a moment to figure out what she would say, she replied. "Yeah I've just been trying to get a little more confident in myself, and how I dress is a big part of that. I like showing off a bit, but not that much."
Well I guess I should be glad with her admitting that much at this point. She didn't actually say exhibitionist, but implied the philosophy behind it. That ended up being the end of the conversation as we were back on campus and at the drop off. Suddenly, I was back alone in my car and the events of the night were over.
But before I even got to my parking space, I had a text from Emily.
"I had fun tonight, thanks for the great costumes! And sorry, I'm not ready to tell Laura quite yet. Soon though."
I texted back "That's fine for now, but she should know eventually. It will just get too difficult for both her and your exhibitionism to be part of your life without them overlapping."
"I know. I'm just afraid of how she'll judge me. I get the sense that she wouldn't be as cool with it. I don't want to scare her away," she texted back.
"It sounded like she would be cool with it from what she said tonight. Anyway, you don't have to tell her now. But think about it," I sent back.
She replied "ok."
After a couple minutes, she texted back, saying "I feel weird saying this, but that was nowhere near enough exhibitionism for me. A bunch of guys stared right at my breasts, but tonight seemed more like a tease. So basically, I'm saying what am I doing next?"
I loved getting that text. We decided on late Sunday afternoon and I went back to my room to put a plan together. This would be a good one, and a key time to keep her moving to more extreme adventures.