I met Rags in elementary school. We were in the same class. Neither one of us was an outstanding student. If anything we were the social outcasts.
While being a good athlete was highly prized by the boys in our class, I was not much of an athlete. When we chose up sides for a game at recess, I was usually one of the last ones picked - and for good reason. I could not throw accurately or very far, I could not run very fast, in baseball I was likely to strike out, I was very unlikely to catch a fly ball that was hit in my direction. You get the picture. I just was not athletic.
When it came to schoolwork, I understood the concepts, but I would make careless mistakes in math, and write short answers to questions that demanded more detail than what I gave. I suppose my teachers might have considered me to be smart but lazy. Hence, I was not considered to be a scholar, either.
It could very well be that I was a candidate to be bullied. But fortunately for me there was at least one other student who had all my shortcomings and in addition had somewhat of a learning disability and a speech impediment. So he was the one who became the target of the bullies. I knew enough to try not to challenge them and to make myself as inconspicuous as possible. That is pretty much how I made it through grade school and high school as far as my social relationships were concerned. I think it's called, "Flying under the radar."
Rags was not quite as fortunate as I. She was an average student, but her mother dressed her in old ladies' dresses and her relatively long blonde hair seemed to be totally unkempt. That unkempt hair was the source of her nickname, Rags. If she was not bullied, she was the brunt of jokes.
No girl in our class would be seen befriending her. This followed her up right into high school where her mother still bought all her clothes (from the women's department of a second hand store, by appearances) and her hair continued to lack any style at all. Rags, too, in her own way, tried her best to avoid any confrontation with her classmates and kept to herself.
I suppose our relationship began one day towards the end of seventh grade when I was standing by myself on the playground and she came up to me and asked me, "Hey, Phil, would you buy me a pair of Levi's?" At that time and at that school, the girls had to wear dresses or skirts and blouses in the classroom although they could change to jeans for the longer lunch recess. The girls always changed into Levi's.
When she asked me I'm sure I gave a short answer. I did not wear Levi's, myself. My mother bought all my clothes and bought me men's work pants. So I'm sure I told her that I did not know where to buy Levi's. And that would have been the end of the conversation.
I did not ask her why she would ask me. I kind of knew. We were in a small class, so we knew a lot of things about one another. I knew that Rag's mother bought all her clothes and that she had no choice in what she wore. She probably knew that a businessman in my neighborhood had befriended me by offering me after-school work.
He had done this with boys before me and would do it with other boys after I graduated from High School. He enjoyed mentoring young men, and I highly value the skills and work ethic he instilled in me. It is that job that gave me some income. Most of it I saved, but I did set aside some to spend as I saw fit.
So I would have had the money to buy Rags a pair of Levi's, but not knowing where to buy them seemed to bring us to a dead end because Rags did not know where to buy them either. On the other hand, I had not put her down or made fun of her for asking me, which is the type of reaction she would have come to expect form most of our classmates. I had treated her with respect when she asked me and I think she recognized and appreciated it.
When we went to High School, most students came to school either by their own private car or on a school bus. Rags and I happened to live on a city bus route that ran in front of our school and dropped us off close to our homes. We did not have to transfer to any other bus or rapid transit line. Therefore, unlike most students, we were given bus passes for the city bus to ride to and from school.
After school it was often just Rags and I sitting in the bus shelter waiting twenty minutes to a half hour for the bus to arrive. Then we sat together on the bus until Rags got off. In the morning, going to school, I would be on the bus already when Rags got on and she would sit next to me until we arrived at school. Between the wait and the ride, we probably spent an hour or more together each day. That's a lot of time to get to know each other over the course of four years of high school.
During those rides Rags came to know, for instance, that my dad was an alcoholic, and that my mom was enough to drive John the Baptizer to drink. I learned that Rags' parents tried to exert close to total control over her life.
We would not socialize in school. We did not know which would be worse. Either Rags would be ridiculed for giving people the impression that she liked me, or I would be ridiculed for giving the impression that I liked Rags, or worst of all, we would be both ridiculed as two losers or misfits who could only relate to one another.
In our Senior year we both turned eighteen. By then we had begun to talk about deeply personal things. In spite of the fact that neither one of us had dated - at all - we both knew that we were highly interested in sex. Each of us masturbated to climax several times daily. Each of us fantasized about other people - the beautiful and popular people at school. (We used the term: "beautiful people," for the most handsome guys and most attractive girls in our class.) We came to the realization that even though neither one of us was beautiful or popular, our sexual equipment seemed to work just fine. We started to talk about eloping.
Looking back on it, our reasons were pretty flimsy. We mostly wanted to get out of a bad home environment and wanted to have sex - lots of sex. I had more freedom than Rags, so I started to go to bookstores and bought books on sex. There were How To books and Fantasy books. Eventually I found instructional videos and porn videos. I shared these with Rags.
She would have to be very careful about the videos, only watching them when her parents were gone from home for a few hours and hiding them carefully. She would always put school book covers on the books and keep them in her backpack with her school books.
In the spring of my senior year I would drop hints at home that I thought it would be cool to go to Alaska and work on the pipeline or in the oil fields to make a bunch of money before going to college. My parents would always tell me that was a ridiculuous idea, but when I was able to show them some statistics of what some of the people were making up there they had to concede that I might be setting myself up for living the dream if I could earn that type of money for a number of years while I was still a young man. Actually I had no desire to go to Alaska. It would have been way too cold in the winter and winter would have lasted way too long.
We lived in the suburbs of a large metropolitan area. After graduation I looked for an apartment in a totally different part of the metropolis from where we lived or went to school. I also looked for a job that was within walking distance of the apartment (or an apartment within walking distance of the job - I was looking simultaneously). I was easily able to put down a deposit on the apartment from the money I had saved.
I found a job working for the cleaning crew at a large discount department store. They locked us in at 10 PM at night and let us out at 6 AM in the morning. It was a good paying job for a beginner, and hard to land, but the letter of recommendation that I got from my mentor carried a lot of weight. And I was not afraid to work.
One night when my parents were gone I put my essentials in two suitcases, called a cab and had the cab take me to a rapid transit station. There I got on a train and rode it to a stop where I could catch a bus that would take me to my apartment. I left a note for my parents: "I'm off to seek my fortune." Hopefully they thought I was on my way to Alaska.
After a week of working my job, I found I had way too much time on my hands, so got a second job at a fast food restaurant right next to the department store where I cleaned. The boss allowed me to start at 7 AM. Depending on the number of workers he had available to work on a given day I sometimes only worked through the breakfast rush. At other times I would work until the noon rush had slowed down - about two in the afternoon.
Rags' parents insisted that she get a job and she did - at a fast food place near her home. It was owned by the same person who owned the franchise of the place where I worked. I asked if Rags might be able to transfer to the store where I was working and the store manager indicated that that would be no problem. All he wanted was one week's notice.
About a month after I had left home, Rags followed my pattern. Her parents and my parents barely knew one another and they would not have connected the dots. Her note simply said: "I have eloped."
I had purchased a bed and a couch. That first night Rags slept on the bed. I slept on the couch. Rags did not go to work until the next day. As soon as I got off of work at the fast food place we went to the county courthouse and got the marriage license. We had to wait a couple of days before getting married, but while we were there scheduled a time so that we could get married by a judge.
Rags had taken the time when she first started working after graduation to visit Planned Parenthood and get set up with birth control. The gynecologist asked her whether her hymen was still intact, and when she said she thought it was, the gynecologist asked whether Rags wanted her to take care of that to reduce the possibility of pain when she lost her virginity. It seemed like a sensible thing to do so she had it done.
A couple of days after moving in with me, Rags and I were married. There was one little hitch to our marriage. Both of us had such poor self images, we did not want the other one to see us naked. So during the early years of our marriage, much of our coupling was under the covers. Rags would keep a T shirt on when we were together and I would fondle her over the shirt or by reaching under it, but would not get a good view of her breasts. She would allow me to use my mouth and tongue on her breasts, but that would start when I was already up close to her. She never stood before me fully naked, nor did I ever stand before her fully naked.
Instead, when we wanted to picture fully naked people, we would look at porn and fantasize about the porn stars, or would think back to the beautiful and popular people in our high school class, and fantasize about fucking them. Rags' favorite fantasy guy was Glen, captain of the football and basketball teams and my favorite fantasy girl was Melanie, captain of the cheer leading squad.
We had a rich fantasy life, supplemented by a number of toys and vibrators. In spite of our shortcoming, we enjoyed sex with one another, and it was not unusual for me to go to work somewhat sleep deprived because I had been fucking when I should have been sleeping.
In the middle of August, Rags took a short course that qualified her to be hired at a hospital as a nurse's aid. She started working the night shift in September.
In our talks with one another long before we ever got married we had also shared many other ideas. We did not want to have children. We did not want to bring children into the world that would go through the rejection and ostracism that we had experienced.
We also did not want to remain living in poverty. Rags enrolled in the local community college in a program that would eventually allow her to transfer into a four year institution that would give her a BSN. I began a curriculum that would grant me a Masters Degree in Accounting so that I would be able, after a year's time serving as an accountant, to sit for my CPA exam.
So beginning in September Rags worked as a Nurse's Aid at the hospital, and I continued cleaning at the department store. The manager at the fast food restaurant reduced our hours somewhat so that we could keep working part-time and go to school.
The money we earned went to pay the rent, pay for public transportation, pay for our food and pay for tuition and books. We pinched our pennies but did not go into debt. Our life was limited to work, school, study and sex.
Eventually we had to buy a car for Rags so she could drive to the hospital where she would be taking her practical (hands on) courses. We paid for this out of money I had saved while I was working during my teenage years. We both went to school year-round, not taking a summer break. So it took us about three and a half years, calendar time, to graduate with our respective degrees.
Up to this time, we had little discretionary money to spend on clothes. We had our fast food uniforms and Rags had the scrubs she wore as a nurse's aid. I continued to wear the work clothes I had worn through high school and only replaced what wore out. We wore our old clothes at home on the weekends.
But our clothing was getting thread-bare and was not fitting either one of us very well because both Rags and I also decided that we would try to keep ourselves healthy and would try to increase our physical fitness. At the school, we were allowed to use an exercise room that was open to all the students. I used that room and also got plenty of exercise on the cleaning crew. While I did not notice it, my arms had grown strong, and my pectorals bulged over my washboard abs.
Rags opted to use the equipment in the physical therapy room at the hospital where she worked as a nurse's aid. There was a physical therapist on staff who was there when she worked out and who gave her guidance as though she was Rags' personal trainer.
When I was about to graduate I used up the rest of my savings to purchase a nice suit that I could use when interviewing for a job. I graduated near the top of my class and actually wound up having to choose between three good job offers.
Rags also got a job as soon as she passed her RN licensing exam. She worked at the same hospital where she had been a nurse's aid and so did not start at the bottom of the pay scale but was given credit for having worked at the hospital for a number of years. The hospital also reimbursed her for some of her educational costs since what she had done was upgrade her skills.
By now we both were in need of some clothing. Rags needed some new scrubs, wanted a few things to wear around the house and something nice for going to church on Sunday. She went to a store that specialized in uniforms for health care workers.
She remembered that when she went shopping with her mother, that the dresses she bought were size 14, so she started looking there. A clerk in the store came over to help her. Rags explained that she was just hired as a full time nurse and needed new scrubs as the stuff that she wore as a nurse's aid were pretty worn out. The clerk looked her up and down and said, "I think you are looking in the wrong size range. If you don't mind, would you please step into one of the fitting rooms and I will take a few measurements of you so we can find something that is in your size?"
After the measurements were taken, the clerk announced, "You measure out to be a size seven, maybe a size nine in a few things. Now let me know what you want and I will bring them here so you can try them on. But, before I do that, I am positive that you have lost some weight recently and if you would allow me to look at your breasts, I might be able to make a very helpful suggestion or two to you."
Rags was very hesitant about baring her breasts to a stranger, but decided to go for it. She did not have to drop her bra off her breasts very far before the clerk said, "Just as I thought, the weight loss shows up in your breasts. I would suggest in the short term that you go to a good foundations store and buy yourself push-up bras. But long-term I think you should give serious consideration to talking to a surgeon about getting some fullness restored to your breasts. You're really too young to have sagging breasts."
Rags came out of the shop with five different uniforms, all of them size seven, all of them fitting her well. She paid for them with a credit card that she applied for right there in the store. She and I had decided that with both of us working we could apply for a credit card and use it to buy necessary clothing because we would be receiving a good income, allowing us to pay off the credit cards quickly.
She went to a Victoria's Secret store and bought several good push-up bras and then went home. She came home all excited. She could not wait to tell me that she was a size seven - a size seven! I was not well versed in sizes of women's clothing, but when she told me that she had been wearing size fourteen, and seeing her so happy at being a size seven, I deduced that size seven was a good thing.
When she tried on the uniforms that she had bought I saw that this young woman I had married indeed had a very womanly figure - a figure I had never seen before. I was even more pleased and let her know how happy I was with her and for her.
Two weeks before I was to start working as an accountant, I turned in my notice to the boss of the cleaning crew I had been working with. My boss practically cried. He said that I had been an excellent worker and he would miss me.
Rags and I both also quit our jobs at the fast food restaurant. I went to a men's shop, and also, using a credit card, bought myself five pair of dress pants, five dress shirts, ten ties and five sport coats or blazers to wear to work.
After we had both received our first paychecks from our new jobs, we went shopping together. Rags got herself a pair of Levi's that fit so tight they looked like they had been painted on. She bought a pair of high heels and a couple of blouses, but indicated that she was not that interested in tops at the present time. I just let that remark slide. I also bought myself a pair of Levi's and a couple of casual shirts. She bought a dress she could wear to church or for other special occasions, but while the dress was a size seven, it did not do that much to show off her figure.
We had to buy a car for me to drive to work - a modest, dependable used car, and started saving to put a down payment on a house. That was our next priority. Between the two of us, our income was substantial and after I passed a three month probation it became even better.
We both had started working our new jobs in January. We were saving up to make a down payment on a house, but Rags told me that she needed to withhold a little of her income for the next few months. She asked me to be patient and understanding for a little while and I would be pleasantly surprised. I trusted her.
Ever since she had found out that she was a size seven, Rags had been more open about revealing the bottom half of her body, but she still kept her breasts largely hidden. Then in June she had a breast augmentation done. It was nothing outrageous. The surgeon had guessed that before she had lost weight she had been a nice C cup and that restoring that would give Rags the most pleasing result.
Once she healed from the surgery, we both made a determined effort to not be ashamed of our bodies. Indeed, we did not have to. I was well developed from my work and from working out on campus.
One of the perks of my job was a gym membership if I wanted it. But instead, now that I could no longer work out at the college, I chose to either meet Rags after her work at the hospital or go with her when she went to work early so that we could work out together in the physical therapy room, sometimes under the supervision of the physical therapist.
It was now summertime. We had read about Wicked Weasel Bikinis so looked them up on the internet but found they were not a US company. We did find some US companies that made revealing swimwear. But when it came time to order, Rags expressed some hesitation, saying that she thought that most of the suits shown in the internet catalogs were so small she would probably never wear any of them in public.
I responded, "What if I get a suit that is equally revealing? Will you wear such a suit if I wear a similar suit with you?" Rags gave it some thought. We wound up ordering 8 suits: his and her Rio cut suits (exposing about half of the ass), his and her Tanga suits (only giving lip service to covering any of the ass at all), his and her thongs, and his and her teardrop string thongs.
By the Fourth of July, we went to a public beach wearing the Rio suits. By the middle of July we had heard of a beach where we could wear our Tanga suits. We wore our thongs around the apartment and with only a shirt cover-up when we went to the laundry room or the mailbox in the apartment complex.
Rags' ears had been pierced while she was still living at home. She now added nipple piercings, a navel piercing and a piercing of the hood of her clit. Rags and I were constantly lusting after each other's bodies and spent a lot of time kissing each other's erogenous zones and stimulating each other orally all over our exposed bodies.
Instead of fantasizing about having sex with other people - beautiful people - we now fantasized about exposing themselves to others and having those people lust after us. We imagined Rags entering bikini contests and topless contests and amateur strip nights and me being a male dancer at a bachelorette party. But except for the beach, we did not go out much.
We were still readjusting from those years of pinching pennies when we could not afford to go out at all. In addition we were adjusting to our work schedules. I worked Monday through Friday from 8 AM until 4:30 or 5 PM and once in a while on Saturday mornings. Rags worked four ten hour shifts a week. The days changed. She worked the night shift so would need to be at work at 8 PM and work until 6 AM the following morning. It took some work on our part to find time to be together and time to go out with these two very different work schedules.
I had been hired as an accountant in January. I was close to the bottom of the totem pole although not at the very bottom because I had graduated with a Master's Degree. The following December there was a corporate Christmas party to which I was invited and to which I could bring my wife. Rags had to work and I didn't feel like going alone. I figured no one would miss me. When I came to work the next Monday nobody asked me where I had been or why I missed the party, so I calculated that I was right and that I was not missed.
The following February (two months later) I was eligible to take the CPA exam. I had been preparing for it diligently for the last several months. I passed on my first attempt and was now certified. Almost immediately my responsibilities were increased as was my salary.
One of the things that Rags and I had talked about before we were ever married was that we would like to learn how to dance. We had attended a few dances (not together, but as individuals) during ninth and tenth grades in high school and each one of us independently had admired those few couples who knew how to dance well. Our income was now such that we could afford lessons.
We also started looking for a modest house that we could buy so that we could get out of the apartment. We found it in March and moved in in May.
The following year, when I received the invitation to the Christmas party one of the secretaries from upstairs stopped by my desk to tell me that I had better attend the Christmas party this year, not blow it off the way I had the previous year. I was shocked. Someone had noticed after all, and maybe was a little displeased. Again, Rags was scheduled to work. But I put on my best suit and attended the party.
My best suit put me in a minority in that many men were wearing tuxedos. Hopefully few people would notice. I was intending to pretty much hold back, be as inconspicuous as possible, and scoot out of there as soon as circumstances would allow. Wrong!!
After the dinner the President announced that an older member of the firm was retiring. He was given some memento of his service and a flowery thank you for all he had done for the company and for his clients.
And then I was asked to stand. As I did so it was announced that I would be taking his place. This was a promotion of significant proportions. Then my wife was asked to stand up with me and I had to announce with a shamed face that she was not there but had to work. I could tell that the President was not pleased. A few other announcements and presentations were made and then it was announced that the presentations were over but that everyone was encouraged to spend the rest of the night in conversation, refreshments and dancing.
I got out of there as quickly as possible. I only found out later that the senior secretary of my new division had gone to bat for me. The President had expressed concern to her and to others that maybe I was not a good fit for the job - that I lacked the social skills that my new position would require.
This senior secretary came to my defense and suggested that it looked to her like I had grown up in a very blue collar home and that no one had ever mentored me in the social skills that my position in the company required. She asked the President to give her some time, and she would try to fill me in on the social aspects of my job. The President had agreed.
I had no problem working with this new secretary. I treated her with respect and as an equal. If ever I went to the break room for a cup of coffee, for instance, I would stop by her desk and ask her if I could get her anything. Only later did I find out that it was the secretaries that got the coffee for the accountants not the other way around. But even then, I continued to get my own coffee and offered to bring her something as long as I was up. By the time the next year's Christmas party rolled around, I knew that I had better wear a tux and that my wife had better be with me.
When I showed the invitation to Rags, she immediately asked, "What should I wear?"
"A fancy dress," I replied.
"That's not too much help," she said. "What were the women wearing last year?"
"Fancy dresses," I answered lamely. "I really didn't pay attention. Tell you what. On Monday when I go to work I will tell Betty (my secretary) of your dilemma. Maybe she can give you a more detailed answer."
When I talked with Betty, she was pleased that Rags was coming. "We'll finally get to meet the mystery lady," she said. Then she gave me her phone number and said, "Have your wife call me at this number any time before 10 at night. I know she works nights, so I don't want to call her and risk waking her up; so have her give me a call at her convenience."
Rags did that and Betty gave her the name of a rather exclusive dress shop. "It is where Pat Matthews (the wife of the President) gets her dresses and most of the executives' wives and I get our dresses there, too. The dresses are somewhat pricey, but for a once-a-year event and the importance that Mr. Matthews puts on it, the expense is probably worth it."
When Rags arrived at the dress shop, the person who waited on her was ecstatic. She kept exclaiming about what an excellent figure Rags had and that she would look good in just about anything. "But if I had a body like that I would go for sexy. You have a body that can pull it off without being trashy."
After trying on several dresses she bought one that had a slit up the front. It was more than a slit, it was more like a narrow Gothic arch, the apex of which was only an inch or so below her pussy. One could always see leg - lots of leg. The top of the dress had a deep V plunge between her breasts. And although the surgeon who had done her surgery said he was going to give her C-cup breasts, she never fit in a bra smaller than a D-cup. The plunge was so deep that her navel piercing was exposed.
"If I may be so bold," she said, "I think you would be very pleased if you took the further steps of getting your hair styled and then have someone do your make-up and maybe a manicure and a pedicure so that you are set from head to toe. I know from Mrs. Matthews that they place a lot of importance on this Christmas party. Mrs. Matthews was just in here yesterday. If you don't have a hairdresser or a place to go for your makeup, I can give you the cards of a couple of people I know who will do a good job for you." She gave Rags the cards.
After giving it some thought, Rags decided she would do the manicure, pedicure, facial and hair styling all the day of the Christmas Party. The office closed early to give the employees time to get ready. The party was held at a downtown hotel. I had purchased a tux for the occasion because Betty hinted that if I started bringing my wife, I would probably be invited to other important occasions, so I might as well have my own tux rather than renting one each time.
I wanted to take a shower when I came home and it seemed like Rags was almost avoiding me. After the shower I put on my tux and went out into the living room looking for Rags. I was stunned. I knew she had a body to die for. But Rags had never used much makeup except for lipstick. And she really had no good idea as to how to style her hair. Usually she just wore her hair in a pony tail.
Fortunately her hair was fairly long, giving the cosmetologist plenty to work with. And she was a natural blonde, a color that many a woman would pay top dollar to acquire. Rags was totally stunning. I broke out into tears. "Rags, you are so beautiful!! I can't get over it! Let me look at you."
She turned around slowly. I had never seen her look so stunning. I had never met a woman in real life who looked as beautiful as Rags. I was overcome with emotion. She was, too. We had never known how gorgeous she really was.
After we finally composed ourselves, we went down to the car. I drove to the hotel. We got out and I took advantage of valet parking.
The evening started with canapes and drinks before we moved to tables where we would be served a complete dinner. After that Mr. Matthews held forth with a few remarks about the highlights of the year and announcing any retirements or promotions. This was followed by a few introductions of honored guests. Then we retired to the ballroom where a DJ held forth as people mingled, conversed and danced.
How delightful is was that Rags and I were able to dance. We had enjoyed our dance lessons, but this was the first time that we had actually been to a social event where people danced. We danced together for some time and then moved to a table so that Rags could sit down for a moment to rest her feet. She was used to spending ten hour shifts in athletic shoes, but not hours in high heels.
While I was gone to get us something to drink she was continually hit on by men who wanted to dance with her. She turned them all down, telling them she was waiting for me to bring her a drink. But after a few sips, she told me about all the guys hitting on her and asked, "What should I do?"
What a contrast this was to our previous social life where we were shunned. I told her that the guys who worked at the firm were basically honorable guys and that she should enjoy the attention they wanted to give her. If anyone got out of line she could just walk away - but I didn't think that would happen.
Soon she was asked by someone to dance. She looked at me. I gave her a nod and off she went. I sat at the table admiring the beautiful woman who was my wife. No sooner was she done dancing one dance when another person would ask for the next dance. And so the night went as Rags enjoyed being the center of attention.
Eventually Betty came up to me and asked me to dance. Betty was a widow. She was old enough to be my mother, but was attractive and kept herself in shape. We danced a slow dance together. As we did, she asked, "Did you hear what you said to your wife?"
Well that was a stupid question. But then I thought to myself, "Did I accidentally say something foolish or offensive?" I asked Betty, "What are you talking about?"
"You told her to have a good time - and she is. But at the same time, you have been just sitting at a table watching everybody else."
"But she has had all these young men coming up to her asking her to dance," I replied, hinting that I had not acquired such a following.
"But the guys are supposed to ask the girls, not the other way around," she replied. "I am acting quite forward and out of place by asking you to dance.
"As you have been sitting there, any number of girls have come up to you to say, 'Hi,' and ask how you're doing and whether you have been having a good time and you grunt out a one or two syllable answer. Don't you get it? They are trying to give you every opportunity to ask them to dance and you just sit there with your head up your . . . well maybe that's a little too strong. But we are supposed to be dancing with one another, getting to know one another and enjoying each other's company. And you're just sitting there. You seem to know how to dance, so get out there and do it."
And having said that she was immediately filled with regret. She felt she had overstepped her bounds. She meant it for my good, but she was now worried that she had come on too strong - way too strong. But before she could say anything I told her, "You're absolutely right, and you're the best friend a man could ever have. Thank you for telling me what I needed to hear straight to my face."
With that the DJ started to play a Tango. Betty started moving to the beat. "You Tango?" I asked.
"Love to," replied Betty, "but not many people around here know how to do it. I haven't danced a Tango since my husband died."
"That's too long," I replied, and we moved closer to the center of the dance floor and began to dance. The dance brought tears of joy to Betty's face. We danced one more dance together, and after thanking Betty one more time for being a true friend, I looked to make sure that Rags was still enjoying herself. Seeing that she was, I went to ask one of the girls from the secretarial pool to dance.
I had danced with only two other partners (after Betty) when I was approached by a very attractive woman asking if she could have the next dance. As we moved onto the dance floor, I mentioned to her, "I don't think I have had the pleasure of meeting you. I'm sure if I had, I would remember your name. I'm Phil and you are . . .?"
"Pat - Matthew Williams' wife?" I quickly understood that she was the trophy wife of the President of the company for which I worked. As we danced, the conversation continued. "I would have met you last year, but you seemed to duck out of here rather quickly. I usually try to dance with as many people as possible to try to get to know them but you were nowhere to be found."
"Guilty as charged," I replied. "It was just a few minutes ago that Betty made me aware again of my lack of social skills. I'm not used to parties like this. I need to work on it," I said rather sheepishly.
"I saw you dancing with Betty before. The two of you looked pretty good out there. Is your wife here with you this evening?"
"Oh, yes. That is something else Betty impressed upon me. As soon as I received the invitation Betty told me that I was to bring my wife. That sounds kind of bossy, but actually she was very helpful. My wife did not know what to wear, but I put her in touch with Betty and Betty directed her to a store that sold her an absolutely fabulous dress. Evidently a lot of other guys think so, too, because she is continually being asked to dance."
The music ended and the DJ put on a polka. The dance floor cleared. Not too many people liked to polka and those who were still on the dance floor were doing the steps but pretty much staying in one place. Rags and I had learned to polka so that the couple moved around the dance floor with athleticism, speed and agility.
I noticed Pat moving in time to the music and said, "You ready to give it a try?" Having seen me Tango with Betty, Pat must have thought that maybe I might know how to polka. She offered me her hand and off we went. The two of us took command of the dance floor.
In the meantime, Rags' dance partner was not up to such high energy dancing. But as Rags looked around she saw a man who was moving in time to the music and gave the impression that he would love to be out there dancing. She came up to him and said, "You look like you are in need of a partner."
He took her hand, then counted off: "One, two, ready, go," in time to the music and they, too, were whirling around the dance floor totally caught up in the music and the dance. When the dance concluded the party goers gave us - the two couples - a round of applause and we joined in clapping as we had thoroughly enjoyed dancing this polka with our new partners.
After the applause died down, the man turned to Rags and said, "We didn't have a chance to introduce ourselves."
I interrupted: "Mr and Mrs. Williams, I'd like to introduce you to my wife, Margaret. But I must tell you, that no one calls her by that name. Instead she had been known as "Rags" ever since she was a little girl and that is what I affectionately call her to this day." Mr. Williams quickly extended his hand and introduced himself as Matt, and his wife introduced herself as Pat.
Mr. Williams continued, talking to his wife but to us as well, "We haven't had another couple at one of these parties who could polka like that for at least seven or eight years." Turning to us, he said, "Dancing with the two of you has been delightful. Pat and I must go and dance with others, but save the second to the last dance for us. I'll ask the DJ to play another polka just before the final dance of the evening."
Rags and I danced for most of the rest of the evening, taking time out only for the occasional foot massage. When Rags was asked to dance by one of the men at the party, I would seek out a woman I had not yet danced with and by the end of the evening we had both danced with a large number of people. Any Latin American dances had me looking for Betty who brightened up as I found her and brought her out onto the floor to dance.
When there were only three more dances to go I looked around for Rags but she had disappeared. Shortly before it was time to polka she came up to me and handed me something. "Don't make it too obvious," she whispered. I carefully opened up what she had put in my hand. They were her thong panties. She was going to dance the last two dances without panties.
We went to find the Williams. They were looking for us as well. Mr. Williams held Rags and I held Pat and when the music started we once again danced the polka with utter abandon.
My final dance was with Rags. She maneuvered us into a corner where we could be inconspicuous and then she placed my left hand on her bare pussy which was right there at the apex of the slit in her dress. She was wet. I was hard. We were ready to go home and fuck the night away. I knew I would be fucking the most beautiful girl who had been there that night and that probably a lot of the men at that party were wishing they were me.
As we were getting ready to leave Pat asked Rags to accompany her to the washroom. Rags did so and when they got there, Pat said, "I almost bought that dress, but I decided against it because I thought it was too sexy. But actually it is perfect. It reminds me of a dress that a movie star would wear to the Golden Globes or the Oscar Awards. I see I made a mistake in not buying that dress, and you, on the other hand, make that dress look gorgeous. You look absolutely stunning in it."
"Let me tell you the rest of the story," said Rags. "I got the dress at a discount. The clerk who waited on me said that the owner of the store is the designer of the dresses. He had designed this dress with a specific person in mind, but she didn't like it, so he marked it down to get rid of it - he sort of took it as a personal rejection. I'm sure he had you in mind when he designed it. If you ever go to a function where you would like to wear this dress I would be glad to let you borrow it.
"But if you think that the dress is sexy, let me show you something else," continued Rags. She stood back from Pat, put her hands on her hips and raised her dress just a little bit. First her bare pussy came into view at the apex of the slit in the dress, followed by the jeweled ring that adorned the hood of her clit.
"Oh my . . .!!" exclaimed Pat as she covered her mouth.
Rags continued, "I took off my thong panties just before the last polka. I didn't do it for your husband but I did it because I knew it would feel sexy and that as we danced energetically maybe someone would get a glimpse just long enough to wonder, 'Did I just see what I think I saw?' But then when I danced the last dance with Phil we sneaked off to a secluded corner and I put his left hand on my bare pussy and we finished the dance with his finger up my you know where. Now THAT was sexy."
"I can guarantee," said Pat, "that you and Phil are going to be invited to other parties that we throw. But for now, would you let me take a picture of you and then a picture of you with your skirt raised. I want to show it to Rory, the designer, and tell him you've offered to let me wear the dress.
However, I won't wear it without his permission. He's very sensitive and would feel insulted if he felt I was treating his dress like something out of a second hand shop. But if I wear that dress I will do so only after I get my naval and the hood of my clit pierced so that I can wear it the way you did. That's outrageous in the very best sense of the term.
Now give me your phone number. I want to keep in touch with you." After exchanging phone numbers they left the washroom and both couples went to their respective homes and fucked like bunnies.
This party seemed to mark a final turning point for Rags and for our marriage. She cared about her total look. She wanted her hair to look nice, she would always wear appropriate make-up and she got rid of any and all frumpy clothes and replaced them with attractive clothing. She bought tight straight miniskirts and micro miniskirts. With the exception of formal wear, dresses never were lower than mid thigh and she preferred those that clung to her curves.
She bought stretch jeans that always fit like a second skin. She bought high waist jeans, mid rise and low rise, boot cut and skinny. She wore yoga pants and booty shorts, beach volleyball shorts, and Daisy Dukes, some of which she made herself and which exposed way more ass than they covered.
She loved tops that showed off her bare midriff and her navel jewelry. She wore stretchy tank tops, crop tops and tube tops of many styles, colors and descriptions. She wore fitted blouses that showed off her tits and tight, low cut sweaters. She made sexy tops out of boys' wife beater undershirts and T shirts.
She owned several pairs of high heeled shoes and boots, including a pair of crotch high boots. She browsed the internet for sites that sold clubwear and purchased dresses, skirts, tops and lingerie that were outrageous, and then she and I would find places where she could wear those items in public. She loved going out and showing off her body to me and while she was with me.
And I was ecstatically proud to be seen with her. We loved to go out dancing and to concerts, to festivals and to shows and fairs. Sometimes she would enter amateur strip contests or bikini contests just to show off her body. And in the summer we loved to go to the beach wearing the smallest swimwear the park rangers would allow. We vacationed where we could wear tiny string thongs and she could go topless. And we went to nude beaches where we could wear revealing genital jewelry instead of swimwear.
One more incident will illustrate that we succeeded in escaping our past. Because Rags worked nights and I worked days, we found a successful way to work out our schedules so that Rags slept while I was at work and I slept while Rags was at work. That meant that Rags came home from work in the morning and we would eat breakfast together before I went to work. She would often glance through the morning paper before turning in to get some sleep.
As she was glancing through the Suburban section of the newspaper she saw an article stating that our high school class was having a ten year reunion. While invitations had been sent out, the whereabouts of many members of the class was unknown. So anyone reading the newspaper article who was a member of that class was invited to call a certain phone number to make reservations to attend the reunion which was going to be held at a local banquet hall.
"I think we should go just to see if anybody recognizes us," said Rags. "We can also see if some of the beautiful people we used to fantasize about are still so beautiful." I told Rags that it was okay with me so she called in the reservation.
When the day of the reunion arrived Rags had planned out what we would wear. I would wear a pair of faux leather pants that were tight around my hips and thighs. I would go commando. On top I was to wear a shiny satin look red stretch T shirt that fit like a second skin. Over that I was to wear a black soft leather blazer.
Rags wore a white micro mini dress. It was backless. The front consisted of very loose material that came from around her neck, widened out to about six inches at her breasts and then narrowed down to about two inches when it finally attached to the front of the hip-riding tight micro miniskirt bottom of the dress.
She wore earrings that reached almost to her shoulders. She wore matching jewelry attached to her nipple piercings which would become momentarily visible as she danced and her tits moved under the very loose fitting top. Plenty of cleavage and side boob were always visible. She wore jewelry in her navel that matched her earrings and nipple jewelry. She had the fake diamond stud in the hood of her clit, and she wore ass jewelry - a butt plug shaped like the head of a penis placed in her ass with jeweled chains hanging down that matched her earrings and nipple and navel jewelry. The dangling chains were clearly visible below the bottom of her micro miniskirt as she walked. She, too went commando.
Her hair was styled to sit high on her head, and she wore as much makeup as she could without looking like she had overdone it. With this she wore a pair of white high heeled thigh high platform boots. She was going for a look that was over-the-top sexy, yet with a certain amount of elegance. I think she pulled it off obscenely well.
We arrived around the same time many others were arriving. The weather was warm so Rags left her thigh length sweater in the car. Even as we were walking in Rags caught everyone's attention. Men could not keep their eyes off of her. Most of the women looked at her with jealousy or disgust.
Many of our classmates were not there - they had gotten jobs in different places and lived too far away to attend. Some people looked very familiar. Others had changed quite a bit. Rags had registered us as Phil and Margaret Collins. There was no assigned seating for the dinner.
There was a cash bar and I got both of us something to drink. As I was in line at the bar Rags was immediately surrounded by men trying to catch a glimpse of as much of her tits as they could. They asked her whether she was an alumna or just married to one. When she said she was an alumna, no one remembered her.
As I came back with her drink we walked around, people watching. Some of the girls who had been so attractive in high school had let themselves go, but a number of them had still, obviously, kept themselves up and were trying to reestablish themselves in the pecking order. Now they were not only trying to establish their place by their looks but also by their wealth, flashing diamonds and wearing other expensive jewelry. Rags did not join them.
A few of the star athletes still kept themselves in shape. They prided themselves in their appearance and immediately set out to impress Rags. They were all wearing their wedding rings except for two guys, who, from the looks of their ring fingers, must have recently gotten divorced. They were all shamelessly hitting on Rags.
A few people from our class were like us and had actually become more attractive over the years. It was sad to see, though, that so many of the people who had the big egos and looked down on most of their fellow classmates in high school still seemed to have the big egos and seemed to only want to associate with beautiful people like themselves.
After the dinner there were the introductions. A few former teachers showed up. The class officers and their spouses were introduced. Members of the various athletic teams were asked to stand up. Student Council members were asked to stand and the cheerleaders were asked to stand. Then each of us who was an alumnus or an alumna was asked to stand and introduce ourselves. After all the introductions we sang the Alma Mater and the school fight song and the DJ who had MC'ed the introductions took over to play dance music for the rest of the evening.
While no one remembered Rags, she was asked to dance by a lot of guys - especially the guys with the big egos. This crowd was not as well behaved as the men at the Christmas parties that Mr. Williams hosted. Rags would give one warning about roving hands, "You can look all you want - but don't touch." The next wayward movement and Rags broke off the dance. There were plenty of other guys who were eager to dance with her.
We had already decided at home that we should try to dance with everyone that we had fantasized about in the early years of our marriage. Especially after it started getting warm in the room and I took off my blazer, I had no trouble getting women to dance with me - although I remembered that in high school none of these same women would have given me the time of day.
Some of the women even got handsy with me or encouraged me to let my hands wander over their body. Then I would show them my wedding ring and simply say, "I don't think I ought to go there."
By 11 PM we had danced with everyone we had wanted to dance with and had ample time to dance with one another as well. Actually, that was the most enjoyable part of the evening because we enjoyed holding one another and dancing with one another, and I enjoyed moving Rags into positions where people couldn't help but notice her ass jewelry or catch a good view of a nipple slip. There were even a few pussy reveals. Dancing for us was a foreplay to foreplay.
As we prepared to leave, Glen Pashburn, captain of the football team and now married to the former Melanie Preston, captain of the cheer leading squad, came up to us. "Hey, Paul," he said looking directly at Rags' tits, "the wife and I are having a get together at our house tomorrow afternoon." He was staring at Rags' tits so hard the next sentence was funny. "We sure would enjoy it if you two could make it. Here's our address," he said as he handed us a small card. "Things will begin at about two in the afternoon and we'll do a little grilling for supper."
"Is there anything we can bring?" asked Rags.
"Just yourself and a swimsuit. We've got a pool in the backyard and we've got the food covered."
I asked, "Is this going to be an adults only affair or will there be children there?"
"No children, Paul," he replied, "Why do you ask?"
"Well if there are children around we try to dress conservatively. But if no children are there, we'll probably wear some rather tiny thong swimwear so that we don't start off the summer with big honkin' tan lines. Know what I mean?"
"Exactly," said Glen. "Thongs it is. Melanie and I hadn't discussed our swimwear yet, but it will be fun to get her into a thong again after a long winter. See you tomorrow then?"
"We're planning on it," I said.
As we passed Melanie on the way out Rags said to her, "Thongs tomorrow. It should be fun!" and gave her a wink.
We had found out a few things about the Pashburns when dancing. Rags had found out that Glen was eager to cop a feel immediately, but when she gave him the, "You can look but you can't touch," line he didn't push any farther. He was now managing Pashburn motors and was in the process of buying the dealership from his father. According to him the dealership was doing well and so was he.
I had found out that Melanie was selling cars for Pashburn motors and more often than not she was the high salesperson for the month. When I mentioned to her, "I never really pictured you selling cars. To what do you credit your good success?" She replied that she had always been a good student and so had found it easy to study up on cars - the ones that they sell and also the competition.
She asked me, "What kind of car do you drive?"
When I replied,, "A riceburner."
She replied, "No, really, give me make, model and year." When I told her, she told me that they did not have anything that was a direct competitor to what I was driving because I was driving a hybrid. But when you consider that when driving that hybrid the battery eventually needs to be replaced and that the typical cost for doing so was thus and so, she rattled off facts and figures that indicated that it was just as economical to buy one of the models that she sold that had good gas mileage. I was checking her math in my head and had to admit that she knew her stuff.
This was all done as we were dancing, and she seemed to be moving us more off to the side of the dance floor. When she was done with her short sales presentation she went on to say, "But you asked, 'To what do I credit my good success as a car salesperson?' Well, I'll tell you. It's my tits. I'm sure my tits sell more cars than anything I do or say." And with that she tried to move my left hand up toward her right breast.
I promptly flashed her my wedding ring and said quickly, "Probably not a good idea." Then went on to change the subject. "Do you have any children?"
Fortunately that deescalated the situation and she went on to say that they did not have any yet, but were thinking about starting the family but were weighing that against what it would mean for the business to have their top sales person only working part-time. On the other hand, she acknowledged that the clock was ticking and they could not put it off indefinitely.
On the way home Glen got an earful from Melanie. "Thongs? You know that we don't have a privacy fence. What will the neighbors say? What will the neighbors do?"
"All the men will be glad to see you in a thong. It will probably be their wet dream come true. And from what we've seen of that Margaret character, she will look just as hot. And if their wives don't like it they will probably bitch, but they won't call the cops. That wouldn't be good for the reputation of the neighborhood.
Maybe we should just invite the neighbors and tell them its an adults only thing and the wives should wear their thongs. Which reminds me: tomorrow late morning we should probably call all those couples we invited and tell them it's an adults only event and the women should wear their thongs. That way they will be forewarned."
Melanie was none too pleased. She had put on a few extra pounds, most of which had gone to her ass and her tits and were good for selling cars, but, truth be told, she would have liked to have hit the gym for a few weeks before appearing in public in a thong. And even then, she was hoping that the only place she would wear a thong would be a place like Las Vegas - far away from home.
But the deed was done. She would make the best of it. She'd wear her thong. She'd also wear heels which would make her ass pop. And she would wear a belly chain which would remind her to keep her belly pulled in, which, in turn, would cause her to throw her chest out, displaying all the more those luscious big tits.
On the ride home Rags asked, "What are you thinking, Paul?" emphasizing the wrong name that Glen had been calling him even while Glen's full attention were on Rags' tits. She went on, "I was thinking of wearing the smallest micro I have but not a display suit," she continued. "Do you think I can get away with that?"
"The worst they can do is to tell us to go home. And if we come home we'll probably make love, so we win either way."
The next day, Sunday afternoon, we showed up shortly after two in the afternoon. We were greeted at the front door by Glen wearing a pair of board shorts. I was wearing a men's teardrop string thong, but over that was wearing a short sleeved dress shirt with the bottom two buttons fastened.
Rags had on a two piece yellow suit. The bottom was a very low slingshot that was so low that the jewel in her hood piercing peaked over the top. The strings then ran up and over her shoulders, joining in the back to disappear in the crack of her ass. The top consisted of two little equilateral triangles, an inch and a half to the side, which only covered her nipples and the majority of her areolas. These were held in place by two strings, one at the bottom of the triangles which tied around her back and the second being strings which were attached to the apex of the triangles and tied around her neck. But over this, for the time being, she wore a men's size small but long wife-beater undershirt. And she wore a pair of sandals with a four inch wedge heel.
Glen ushered us through the house into the back yard where there was a patio and a swimming pool.
As the sunlight hit Rags, Glen got a pretty good notion what the top of her swimsuit was like and was hopeful that the bottom might be equally as small. "You really ought to take off that shirt you're wearing and catch some rays," he said to Rags.
Rags crossed her arms, reached for the bottom of her shirt, and in one smooth motion brought the shirt up over her head. "You're right, the sun feels good. Would anyone care to put some suntan lotion on me before I burn?"
Every man there leaped at the chance. Melanie could be seen over in the corner with the most disgusted look on her face and mockingly mouthing the words, ". . . anyone care to put some suntan lotion on me?" She was seething.
Of course Rags was totally aware that all the men fawning over her were the same people who had ridiculed her in high school and would have considered it to be disgusting to do something like putting suntan lotion on her back then.
I had just stood back laughing to myself as these men stumbled over one another to flirt with Rags. Finally, Glen turned to me and said, "Paul, are you wearing gym shorts under that shirt?"
"No," I replied. "I'm sorry, maybe I neglected to mention that we both wear thongs. You don't mind, do you?"
"Of course not," said Glen, with a little bit of discomfort showing in his voice. "Make yourself to home."
I took off my shirt and placed it next to Rags' shirt. There was a gasp from the corner of the patio where Melanie was standing. Everything became silent for a moment. But Melanie was quick; I'll give her credit for that. Before most of the people there could close their mouths she was standing by me with a can of beer in her hand. "Care for something to drink?" she asked as she thrust the can into my hands.
"And you're going to need suntan lotion, too, or this hot sun will burn you in no time." She grabbed the bottle of lotion which was in Glen's hands and pulled me off into the shade and, beginning with my shoulders, proceeded to rub suntan lotion into my skin. She did this while I was standing, doing both my front and back.
Then she said, "Before I finish up, you should do me," I started on her back. When I was finished with that, she turned around. She took off her top. "You wouldn't want me to lose any sales because I had tan lines, would you?" she asked.
I held up my left hand, showed her my ring and said, "Maybe a step too far."
She put her top back on while mumbling, "It was worth a try."
I did her abdomen down to the top of her hip hugging thong. Then she proceeded to do my legs and my ass. When she did the front of my legs she was none to careful about avoiding rubbing against my cock. It responded. "Somebody likes me even if he won't touch my tits," she said. "There still is hope."
I did her legs. She had me kneel behind her when I did the back of her legs. I have no doubt that when Melanie bought her suit and even when she put it on, she thought that her suit was a thong. Compared to the teardrop/string thong I was wearing, her suit still covered a fair amount of flesh in the back.
That is why, when I thought I was done because I was up to her thong bottom, she discreetly pulled it down in back and said to me, "You can't refuse this. I did your ass, you can do mine." She had a point. I even took my time and made sure that the lotion was rubbed in well even between her cheeks. I could tell from her moans that she appreciated my careful approach.
We came out of the shadows to find a number of people in the pool and a few lounge chairs unoccupied. My wife was tanning on a lounge chair in a good place for getting rays. I asked Melanie, "Can I get you a chair?"
When she thanked me for offering, I brought one over, placing it next to Rags. Then I got myself another chair, I was going to put it on the other side of Rags, so that it would be myself, Rags and then Melanie. But Melanie asked me to place it next to her, so that it would be Rags, Melanie and me. But as much as she wanted to, Melanie found it impossible to flirt with me with Rags on the other side of her.
Eventually the people in the pool were wanting the women to ride on the shoulders of their husbands and then, as a couple, try to dunk another couple until only one couple was left standing. While they were coupling up, someone came up with the idea that the woman should be on top of a man who was not her husband. That might spice things up a little bit. We (Melanie, Rags and myself) were being asked to join.
Rags surveyed the scene and summarized it in two words: "Too dangerous." Guys especially, kept begging, each one of them with visions of Rags on his shoulders. Finally, Rags said, "I don't mean to be a party pooper, but the pool is mostly shallow. If a girl were to fall over backwards she could hit her head on the cement bottom with a lot of force. And the pool is not that big. So a girl could fall off a guy's shoulders sideways and hit the side of the pool, I see enough of this in the ER. I don't want to see it here."
As she was speaking, one of the husbands came up between his wife's legs to pick her up. She was not prepared for it and as soon as he was standing in the pool, she slipped off and fell into somebody who, fortunately, was standing nearby, or she could have hit her head on the bottom of the pool. They quickly saw the wisdom in what Rags had said and went to a plan B. They got out a beach ball and decided to play keep-away instead, men against the ladies.
Again Melanie, Rags and I were invited to join and Rags felt a certain obligation to join since they took her advice in not playing the first game. However, there were too many people and only one beach ball. Eventually one of the guys decided to spice up the game by pulling the ties on his wife's top. First he got the one behind her back. She complained, but she did not try to tie it back up again. Soon other tops were untied.
Then the first man was able to untie the bow at her neck and she was topless. After that men did not restrict themselves to untying the tops of their wives. Any top became fair game, and at that point Rags was the second one to be in the pool topless. The rest followed in short order. Now we were playing topless keep away. Rags had the tiniest bottom and the biggest, firmest tits. The guys thronged around her as much as possible as we continued to play.
But the women were very aware of the fact that they were each wearing a thong and all the men were wearing board shorts - except for me. As much as the men were gathered around Rags trying to accidentally rub against her ass or her tits in the course of the game, the rest of the women were gathered around me accidentally rubbing against me with their bare tits and trying to get the bulge of my cock between their ass cheeks. I had hands on my ass constantly. I lost track of how many times a stray hand reached out and touched my package.
Eventually it was time to get out of the water and for Glen to fire up the grill. Melanie went into the kitchen to get things ready. Rags followed her. "Is there anything I can do to help?" she asked. Between the reunion and the pool party Melanie had had enough competition and knew she had been bested. But Rags was somewhat different from the beautiful people Melanie hung out with and competed against. Rags wasn't rubbing it in or gloating. She had genuinely meant simply to offer to help.
Melanie reached into the refrigerator and got out the meat. "Glen would love it if you brought the burgers and brats out to him. He can't take his eyes off of you."
"And for years Phil thought you were the hottest girl in the world, and you didn't even know he existed," Rags replied.
"Phil, Phil! and here last night and today we've called him Paul. I guess we are still acting like he doesn't exist."
"That's okay. We we're used to it," said Rags as she took the meat out to Glen so that he could start to grill. When she came back she helped get the buns, chips, condiments, napkins, plastic wear, paper plates and potato salad out and placed on a serving table.
On one of her return trips to the kitchen, Melanie stopped Rags to ask her: "Margaret - I just don't remember you from high school either. But you were in our class?"
"Sure was."
"Were you and Pau ... Phil an item back then - you know - going together?" she asked.
"No. People made fun of me and people made fun of Phil and I think we both figured that if we got together people would make even more fun of two losers getting together," Rags replied.
"But now Phil is a . . . shit, shit, shit, I never really asked him a thing about himself. I can really be a self centered bitch sometimes. Phil is a . . . what?" asked Melanie.
"He's a CPA. He works for a big accounting firm downtown, I think they do some work for Pashburn Motors but Phil doesn't handle that account," said Rags.
"And you said you were an ER nurse?"
"That's right," she said, "at City Hospital. I work the night shift four nights a week. Seldom a dull moment."
Suddenly it hit Melanie. Phil is a CPA and Margaret is an ER nurse - saving lives maybe on a daily basis. "I guess that makes the two of you kind of a power couple," she said.
"Naaa," replied Rags. "Not even close. We're just common folk like everybody else doing our best to make a living. I guess we're fortunate that we both like what we do."
"Speaking of liking what you do, here's an inside joke," said Melanie. "You can ask Phil about it on the way home." She looked right at Rags' bare tits for a moment as if she was lost in thought, and then she said, "if you ever want to switch careers to selling cars, I'm sure there would be a bright future in it for you."
Rags gave her a puzzled look.
"Ask Phil about it on the way home, you'll get a chuckle out of it," said Melanie.
With that they took the rest of the food out to the serving table. People ate and most of them left. Rags and I stuck around to help clean up. To explain, the other people at the party had children they had left in the care of others, and they had to pick up their children, then take them home and put the children to bed. Rags and I had no such demands on us.
Glen was still enamored with Rags and was somewhat flirtatious but respectful. Melanie took every opportunity to rub her tits against me or rub her ass against my cock or my bare ass. I never did feel up her tits or touch her pussy. She did manage to cop a feel of my cock once. This was done in passing and as she passed me she whispered, " . . . used to think I was hot stuff, huh? I'm working at making that present tense." I wasn't quite sure what that was all about.
We were about ready to put on our shirts so we could leave when Melanie came up to me, rubbing her tits against my chest and putting both hands on my bare ass, pulling me tightly to herself. As she gave me a kiss on the cheek she said, "Thank you for coming. This has been so much fun. I hope we can do this again." I put my hands on her bare ass and returned the kiss.
Rags rubbed her tits against Glen's chest as she gave him a kiss on the cheek. "Thank you so much for inviting us," she said.
He put both hands on her ass and pulled her tightly to himself as he returned her kiss, saying, "My pleasure."
We put our shirts on and went to our car. "Wait, before you go, give us your phone number," said Melanie.
I reached into a cup holder in the car and retrieved one of my business cards, circling my home phone number which was printed on the card. I handed it to Melanie.
Once we were on the highway going home Rags asked me about the inside joke and I told her how Melanie had told me that her secret to success as a car salesperson was her tits. Rags did think that was kind of cute but opined that she thought she would stick with the ER.
I turned to Rags and asked, "Do you suppose they will fantasize about fucking us tonight?"
"Tonight and for the next few nights," she replied.
"After you brushed him with your tits and gave him a kiss I didn't check the front of Glen's shorts to see if there was a tent there," I said.
"I did. There was," replied Rags, smiling at the thought.
After we had driven a few more miles, I said, "You know how we used to fantasize about the beautiful people in our class. We used to make love in the dark and under the covers fantasizing that we were fucking them."
"I remember that," said Rags.
"After watching the men lusting after you at the dance last night and falling all over you at the pool party today, after seeing Glen totally enthralled by you, and after having the once untouchable Melanie come on to me today, I'm pretty convinced that the roles are reversed and now we are them."
With thanks to James Thurber and Hans Christian Andersen
P.S. I realize that the last word of the story is grammatically incorrect. It is done on purpose as a further expression of the role reversal that has taken place.
wut