After finding incriminating evidence on my wife's computer and cell phone and confronting her about it; I put together this story as told from her perspective... Although I was a Detective for several years, this is the hottest confession I ever witnessed. Make no mistake about it, i love my wife more than ever and i wouldn't want to change a thing about her or this story. She is SO freaking SEXY!
A HOT SULTRY NIGHT
Yes, it is a hot sultry night once again in South Florida...I was wearing a thin shirt and no bra to help cut the heat and a casual pair of cut-off jean shorts. I was headed to Walmart for a late-night run, while there were no kids to tag along and my husband was out of town. It was just after I parked the car that I noticed him in the parking lot looking at me as I was walking toward the entrance and he was walking out. This was not just a passing glance, but an intentional exam of my appearance top to bottom. His gaze lingered on my round breast and the low cut on my shirt. Then with a smile forming on his lips his eyes followed the rest of my form then came to rest on my eyes. I was taken in by his strong commanding gaze and felt a wave of emotions flood over me. He had undressed me completely with his stare and I was beginning to feel the strong urge to go to him! Unwittingly, I found my gaze fixed on his crotch...his huge bulge of a crotch!
I was letting the moment pass as a figment of my imagination, after all, how often will a young twenty-something hunk be lusting after a 53-year-old grandma? I moved toward the cart rack aware that he was still watching, studying my every move. I looked back over my shoulder for one more glance at his mesmerizing eyes and the unbelievable size of his "package." I remember thinking "Damn! There is a lucky young girl out there somewhere enjoying that amazing cock." At the same time, I found him blatantly checking out my ass. Admittedly, it's a little bigger than I would prefer, but if I do say so myself, these tight little shorts did set it off high and tight. And yes, I checked out my own tits and ass in the mirror before I left the house. Whether I admitted it to myself or not, I guess I wanted to be noticed tonight. I get so tired of dressing frumpy and always acting like everyone expects from a grandma. Feeling a little lonely and FREE tonight, I had a bit of a fluttering in my pussy while I was dressing for my brief late-night outing.
I stopped for a minute before I left the house and went back and put on just a little bit more make-up and even unbuttoned just one more little button on my already translucent blouse. I even opened the briefcase that holds all our sex toys and smiled to myself, whispering, "I'll see you boys later..."
Jarring my mind back to reality, as I reached for the first cart his hand reached for it also. He was so close I could smell the freshness of his clothes mixed with the wonderful smell of his manhood. I didn't even realize that he had followed me back into the store. He covered my hand in his and I became strangely weak in my legs and my breath was caught very short in my heaving chest. I was suddenly dizzy. With one long searching gaze he looked into my eyes and I could not take my eyes from his...His closeness to me still causing me to be breathless. Then slowly he pulled me to him and took me in his arms, still looking into my eyes he drew me closer still and leaned in to kiss me. The lights in the Walmart cart room are so very bright. For at least a second, I closed my eyes in total submission.
He pressed his warm lips over mine and I gave into his advance completely and intentionally. Could this be? A beautiful young man with such compassion in his eyes desiring me? Oh, please don't make me wake up! No matter how many times I get approached by a handsome stranger, I can never quite believe that this is happening to me.
I mean, it's happened in night clubs and bars and an occasional hotel lounge and once in a while with a group of acquaintances at a friendly party. But I never feel quite pretty enough, young enough or sexy enough to garner the attention of other men, especially young, very handsome men like this boy kissing me now in the front of the Walmart at 10:00 at night.
My mouth opened immediately, invitingly, submissively as he kissed me, letting his tongue explore the warmth of mine. Then as we kissed, bodies pressed against each other, he began touching me. Finding the loosely fitted shirt easy to maneuver he began exploring the fullness of my breasts and the crevasses between them.
I could feel him press up against me. He had a hard cock and growing! I was eager to continue with wherever this would lead. I am 53 years old, about five feet tall with a 42DDD-36-40 shape and jet black, curly hair down below my shoulders. Not exactly the Barbie type, but I do have what so many men have called "ice blue come fuck me eyes." I was SO hoping that was what my eyes were saying to this young man! He was just over six feet tall. He had to bend over to kiss me and I was standing on my tip-toes trying to be as accessible as I could be. At this point I had already decided that he can have whatever he wants! If it's a quick blow job in the parking lot, or fucking in the back seat, I was all his. With our height difference, his cock was practically rubbing between my breasts. I reached up and through his jeans, squeezed his cock, straightened him up and pressed it between my breasts. He unbuttoned one more button on my blouse and practically titty-fucked me right there in the front of the store under the bright security lights. Truth be told, I probably wanted to get caught being pawed by this handsome young boy. I guess it's like "bragging rights" to be seen as so desirable by such a desirable young example of the male species.
As we finally tried to breathe, he said "ON MY GOD! I'm so sorry, Mam. When I saw those tits and that ass, I just couldn't help myself! I hope you're not offended." I reached up and grabbed the back of his neck and pulled him back to me and kissed him again. I rubbed the entire length of his cock with my hand at the same time. I withdrew my mouth from his as I continued to rub his cock and said, "Does that feel like I am offended?" He stammered and nodded his head "No." I stepped back and noticed that my right breast was completely out of my blouse and the nipple of the left one was as hard as it's ever been and so totally visible through a blouse that I now find is much more transparent than it was under the lights at home. My shorts are pressed tightly up into me causing quite a damp camel-toe. My pussy is so big and swollen at this point that the labia are practically swallowing the thin strip of denim. The backside of them feels more like a thong than a pair of shorts. I feel so much like a total slut and I hoping that is what people are thinking as they look at me. A 53-year-old chubby little married slut being ogled, desired and fondled by this young twenty-something Adonis!
We finally parted enough for me to ask "So, young man, what brings you to Walmart tonight?" He stammered unintelligibly. I took him by the hand and said, "Let's go shopping." Honestly, I had totally forgotten why I came to Walmart, but I wanted everybody there to see as much of my body as I could show and to see this young boy attached to my side. Perhaps exhibitionism is the only reason I was here tonight in the first place. After all, that is one of my favorite vices. I have often gone skinny dipping and nude sunbathing in our back yard. Or, perhaps even subconsciously, I was looking for new ways to display my body more publicly.
I was so excited by the fact that he couldn't keep his eyes off my body! He was so juvenilely obvious about it. And his young cock stayed hard the whole time! I couldn't wait to take him into my mouth! I was taking in all the stares, mostly from perverted old men, LOL. Everyone who saw us did a double take. It feels so good to finally be noticed! It seems like the only time people really take notice of me is when I am exposing my body in one form or another...by the pool, with my bedroom windows open...and now I am definitely adding late-night public strolls to my repertoire!
As we strolled down the beer isle, I reached over and unzipped his jeans about three or four inches. I was pleased to find that he was commando and the underside of his massive cock was now visible. The head must have been up around his waistband! When I saw the veins and the hardness of it, I couldn't help myself, I leaned down a little and licked him with the flat of my tongue for the entire length that I could get to. I felt it twitch and harden even more under the pressure of my tongue. He looked so gorgeous with the skin of his cock trying to explode out of that zipper! I tickled it with my fingernails. He jerked and pulled away. He said "OMG! If you do that again I'm gonna cum!"
I replied, "There's no way you're going to waste a drop of that!"
I leaned over and licked him long and slow one more time and in one motion pulled him down for a cock flavored kiss. I'm pretty sure this is the first time I ever licked a cock in a grocery store, but I may have to do this again!
I said "Hi. My name is Elaine." As I offered him my hand for a handshake.
He replied, "My name is Robert." He tried to zip up his pants. He was too hard to zip it.
I put my hand over his and said "OH NO, Robert! You leave that just like it is. I am totally exposed. Turnabout is fair play."
He nodded at my ring and asked if I was married. I replied "Yes. Very happily. But that has nothing to do with this."
He sheepishly asked if we could get some beer. I agreed and let him pick it out. I decided it was time to leave and see where this would take us, before one of us changed our mind. On the way to the checkout counter he handed me some money and said "For the beer... I'm not old enough." He looked totally embarrassed, but when he said that, my pussy gushed! Now I had an obvious wet spot in the front of my cameltoe jeans for sure!
We walked through the store like a couple of horny teenagers, laughing and giggling and copping feels. The teenage cashier couldn't keep her eyes off his bulging, exposed hard cock! I just winked at her as she also noticed my bare breasts.
As we walked out, I asked Robert if he would like for me to follow him back to his place and continue this? He childishly asked me "Are we going to fuck?"
I replied "I damn sure hope so! If we don't, it won't be my fault." As I said that, I ripped my shirttail out of my jeans, unbuttoned the last button and opened my blouse completely, exposing my bare breasts right there in the Walmart parking lot. Once again, I became acutely aware of how well lit the Walmart parking lot is. I stepped back about 10 feet so he could get the full effect. I stood there nearly naked waiting for his reply.
He almost absentmindedly rubbed his cock as he stared at me. I rubbed one nipple between my thumb and finger as I slid the other hand down the front of my shorts and rubbed my big soaking wet pussy.
Just then we heard a voice say "HOLY SHIT! LOOK AT THAT!" Two guys were walking down the same isle we were standing in. I didn't even stop what I was doing. I lifted my heavy breast as an offering to him as I rubbed my pussy even faster. I was out of control at this point.
Robert couldn't take his eyes off me and was apparently shocked by the other two men. One of them reached in his own pants and pulled out his cock and started jerking off right in front of us as he ogled my body. He had an impressive cock and any other time I might have helped him out...but his was Roberts' night.
One of them said "Dude! If you don't fuck her we're going to!"
I looked at Robert and said, "You heard the man. Are you going to fuck me or are they?"
About that time the guy jerking off came all down the front of his pants and sheepishly said "Damn it!" His buddy said, "I'm still here!"
Robert walked over to me and took my breast in his hand and sucked it gently. Robert told me that we can't go back to his place because he still lives with his parents. He asked if my husband was home. I told him that my husband is gone all weekend. Then Robert said something that struck me as really sexy; "I want to fuck you in the same bad he fucks you in."
I rubbed the exposed cock one more time and said, "Follow me."
I head the other guy mumble "Damn it! Lucky kid! Did you see the size of those tits?"
Robert followed me the mile and a half to my house. As soon as I pulled in the driveway, I took all my clothes off and dropped them on the sidewalk. I was totally naked as I walked to the front door and unlocked it. I leaned back against the doorway and spread my legs wide and with one hand I began rubbing my pussy fiercely as Robert got out of his car and walked toward me. I still can't believe I was totally naked at 11:00ish at night right in front of my own front door rubbing my pussy! I don't even know if a car drove by just then or not. Uncontrollably now, I wanted people to know that I was fucking around on my husband with this young stud! I knew somebody must have seen me and I hope they got a good look!
When Robert reached the front door where I was standing, I unbuttoned and unzipped his pants and let that massive hard cock finally go free! As I got on my knees in the light of the front door, I engulfed his cock as deep as it would go. He stripped off his shirt and wriggled out of his pants.
Now we were both totally naked in the bright light of the front door of my own house with me sucking this beautiful cock with no regard for who might be watching! If my husband had driven up in the driveway, I couldn't have stopped right then.
Robert said "Can we go to your bed? I'm about to cum, but I want to cum where he does." I licked the precum back off his cock and them kissed him deep. I took him by the cock and led him to our bedroom. I did close the front door on our way in.
I led him to our marital bed and said "This is where my husband makes love to me. I want you to FUCK me here." I pushed his shoulders making him fall on his back on our bed. I told him to keep it hard for me.
I turned on all the lights and went around the room opening all the window blinds and the sliding glass doors. I stood in front of each one totally naked while Robert watched me from the bed, still stroking his massive cock. I opened the windows too. I wanted people to hear what was happening as well as seeing us.
Robert asked the obvious question. "Do you want all the neighbors to see you naked?"
I replied "Robert, my dear child, I want them all to see US naked. I want them to see me with your beautiful cock in my mouth. I want them to see your big cock filling my big pussy. These neighborhood men have been peeping in my windows for years. I want them to get a good look at us tonight. I want them to jerk off like that man in the Walmart parking lot did, looking at me." I want them to know that my husband's tiny dicklette is not the only cock I get!
I climbed on the bed and straddled Robert and eased his big cock into my big, soaking wet pussy. Robert lunged upward forcing his entire length into me all at once. I think he was surprised that it all went in on the first stroke. He began slamming into me harder and faster. I was afraid he wouldn't last very long, and I was right. In less than five minutes he was filling my pussy with a ton of his hot seed. It felt awesome, much better than what I'm used to, but I wasn't nearly finished yet.
Without saying a word, I raised up off his cock and planted my creampie right on his face. I whispered, "This is what I make my husband do every time his tiny dicklette cums in my pussy before I orgasm. You had yours, now you need to make me orgasm. It's my turn now." I rubbed my pussy allover his face. He was powerless under the weight of my chubby body.
Robert was quite energetic about eating his cum from my pussy. He wasn't nearly as good as my husband, but he didn't have nearly the practice either. What Robert lacked in oral skills, he more than made up for in size and stamina. Before I had orgasmed for the first time, Robert was already hard again. When I did orgasm, it was multiple orgasms and I thought poor Robert was going to drown before I was able to pull away.
I rolled over off Robert and no sooner had my back hit the bed than he was on top of me and sliding that big hard cock back into me. He was pounding me deep and hard and fast...like a teenager fucking his first girlfriend.
This time Robert fucked me for a long time. He was going balls deep on every stroke. For the first time since I go married, I was getting my pussy filled by a real hard cock and not just my husband using a vibrator on me. Any real woman will tell you that there is nothing to compare to a big cock filling her pussy. If your wife tells you that size doesn't matter, you can rest assured that she is telling you other lies as well.
As Robert started stroking me harder, deeper and faster, I knew that he was about to cum. He raised up and started fondling my breasts. I have learned through the years that every man loves cumming over a big set of titties like mine. I looked Robert in the eyes and asked, "Do you want to cum on Mommy's titties?" He couldn't get it out quickly enough as he jerked it out of my pussy, letting the cool air rush into my gaping hole, and laid it between my breasts. I wrapped my breasts around his young cock as he titty-fucked me for about ten strokes before it exploded, splattering my face and I released his cock from between my titties, he pointed it at my nipples and jerked his cum all over my chest. I couldn't believe how much cum he generated on this second round!
Without a word, Robert pressed his face to my cum-soaked titties and started rubbing the cum allover his face and my breasts. Then he stated licking them clean. I raised his head from my chest, opened my mouth and pointed to the cum in my mouth and across my face. He immediately kissed me and licked me clean all over my body, even back to my pussy. It seemed like he couldn't get enough of my body and I was loving it!
He finally rolled off me and laid breathless on his back. His young cock was nearly flaccid and still throbbing.
I took him in my hand and just held him, barely even moving my hand, just admiring this amazing cock on such a young handsome man. He was slick with our juices and the head was still shiny and purple.
I just had to do this although I was sure he was down for the count... I took him into my mouth. Before I had even finished cleaning him off, he was already fully hard in my mouth and hand. I started a long, slow, deep blowjob. I expected this to be long and sensuous, but in no time at all, he was slamming his cock down my throat as rapidly as he could. At this point, I just needed to hang on for the ride.
Robert was obviously enjoying his evening. In probably 5 minutes or so, Robert started cumming again. I pressed the head of his cock deep down my throat and started swallowing him as deeply as he would go. When he stated convulsing, it was really difficult to hold him that deep in my throat, but I managed to! Every drop of his cum went straight down my throat and into my tummy, I never even tasted it this time.
Robert breathlessly mumbled "What time is it?" I told him it was about 2:30AM. I thought he was going to panic. He said something about "My Mom's gonna have the cops out looking for me! I've gotta GO!"
I asked him... "Before you go, I have to know something. How old are you?" He told me he is 19. Then he asked how old I am. I told him I am 53.
He said "SHIT! My Mom's only 46! I can't imagine my Mom fucking like you do!"
I laughed and said, "You might enjoy imaging that now that you know what a mature woman is like in bed. Let your imagination run wild! Maybe you should flash her and see where that goes."
"I can't imagine anybody could be as good in bed as you are, Elaine. Will I ever see you again?"
I answered, "You know where I live."
He looked around and said, "My clothes?"
Said, "I'll get them for you." I walked outside, still totally naked, and picked his clothes up from the sidewalk. I took my time, savoring the cool night air blowing against the sweat and cum all over my body. When I turned to walk back in, Robert was standing in the open doorway stroking his hardening cock. He said "To be honest Elaine, just like you, I went to Walmart to expose myself. I am a total exhibitionist and I was going to show my cock to any women who would look. I couldn't believe my luck when I saw you. I couldn't help myself."
"I hope I see you out exposing yourself in public sometime very soon. I've been flashed by a few guys in my lifetime and it never fails to get my pussy wet! I'm sure it does the same to other women as well."
Once again, I knelt down on my own front sidewalk under the streetlight and sucked his cock deep and sweet. OMG! I hope the neighbors were watching! I looked up from his cock and looked him in the eyes and said "Keep UP the good work. I hope I'm there to see you next time you go flashing. I promise I'll finish this blow job then...right in the store if you'd like." I winked at him as he got dressed. I stood on the sidewalk naked as he got in his car and drove away. I stood there a few more minutes, savoring the feeling, giving the neighbors one more chance.
Now I'm looking for every opportunity to show off my body in public every chance I get! I'm sure I can come up with new ways and new places. I'm afraid I may become A-Dick-ted to young hard cocks. I wonder where I can find a place loaded with young (legal) boys?
Meanwhile, I'll be watching for Robert again... (or someone like him). I will be appropriately dressed for whatever may cum up! You never know where I might show up to show off!
I feel like a candle that has been lit and cannot be put out! This is what housewives do when our husbands can't meet our natural needs. It's not my husbands fault, he was not naturally endowed with what it takes it fill a real woman's needs. I don't hold it against him. Otherwise he is an awesome husband. I actually feel sorry for him, he's much older and has had lot's of physical issues...but I NEED BIG COCKS!! I waited long enough. It's past time for ME to be ful-FILLED!