Amara, in her favourite black leggings and hoodie jacket, pulled into the familiar parking lot of her gym. Seeing only a few vehicles parked, told her that there would not be many people inside. Making her way in, she found Ravi sitting at the reception desk.
Ravi looked up and greeted her, "Good morning, ma'am!!"
"Good morning, Ravi; you're always early to the place," responded Amara with a smile on her face.
"Well, that's my job, ma'am. And you exercise at this time... so," Ravi stopped in the middle. "Oh! and here is your bottle," he continued while moving behind the desk to fetch her bottle.
Amara glanced around the floor, then looked back at Ravi. "I will take it while on my way back. I want to take it easy today, so I would just do some light cardio and some core-building exercises," said Amara.
"You're the boss!!" said Ravi, keeping the bottle back in the side cupboard below the desk and handing over the locker key to Amara.
Locking her bag in, Amara made her way to the other corner of the floor, got on the corner with the with the most cycling machine, and began with her exercise.
Ravi, being a bit dismayed by Amara cutting short her routine today, simply observed her slender legs peddling on the cycle with a consistent rhythm. He tried imagining her without the jacket, and he felt some tingling in his tights. He wondered if he was being a fool, thinking that he would get another chance to see Amara in that compromising attire. It was just a lucky day back then, and luck does not work often, at least not with him.
"Ravi?" called Amara without looking at Ravi.
Broken from his thoughts, Ravi moved in front of her cycle while maintaining a safety distance next to her and, with a smile, asked her, "You need anything, ma'am?"
"You...... I thought that it was your duty to... train me," Amara responded with pauses between her statements.
Ravi, a bit surprised by Amara's statement, was elated to know that he was indeed required by her. Moving his hands behind his back, Ravi leaned against the smoked glass wall in front of Amara's bicycle. Over the last few days, he has seen her body move smoothly and efficiently in the exercises. He did not have anything to train her in. Idle talks were the only thing that he could offer her, he thought. Even at that moment, he admired Amara's body while trying to suppress his desires.
"Ma'am, you are already well trained. Your body clearly reveals the dedication and effort you have put into it to get the shape that you have today. I am just a beginner trainer, and I, in all honesty, do not know how to help you any further," said Ravi with a straight face.
Hinting towards the first day, Amara teased Ravi, "Dedication and my efforts... is that all my body has revealed to you?"
Ravi, a bit in panic mode, checked if anyone else was around.
Smiling at Ravi's naivety, she continued, "You know, I have been coming to this gym for some time, and you perhaps are the only person with whom I have interacted the most. So naturally, I prefer to have you with me. And having a strong person around also makes me feel safe. Plus, the added benefit of having someone cute to talk to always helps with the monotonous gym routine."
Never before had Ravi been appreciated like this, especially from a hot woman like Amara. The words "cute" and "strong" made him feel more confident. He then asked her, "Ma'am... I hope you do not mind me texting you in the evening. Please do let me know if it bothers you, and I will stop it."
"Oh Ravi, see, this is what I was talking about. You're cute. Don't be so hard on yourself. You are my trainer, so you could text me anytime." Pausing her cycling, she continued, "I find your dedication to your job commendable, but you should take it easy once in a while. Go out with friends. You studied in this city; don't you have a girlfriend?".
"Girlfriend!!.....me!? No, ma'am, I am single!!" blurted out Ravi.
"Why not? You are young, you are good-natured and handsome, and..." she glanced towards Ravi's crotch. "I am positive that you could fulfil the needs of your girl." Amara had taken another aim with her flirty bow to hit Ravi.
Ravi gulped and quickly checked if he had a boner unknowingly that Amara would have spotted. Hurriedly, he responded, "I don't know, ma'am; I guess I am not lucky enough."
Amara knew that she had indeed hit the bull's eye. She further continued, "Oh, come on, Ravi!! Luck has nothing to do with it. If you would not try, then you would not get anywhere," she cut her statement and stopped cycling. "Is it me, or is the air conditioning not working today? I am already feeling hot!!".
Ravi quickly looked at the glowing green indicator in the AC unit and said, "No, ma'am, it is working in order. Maybe you could take a break."
Amara made Ravi speechless by bringing the metal ring of her jacket's zip down by a little over 1/3rd of the zip's length.
Ravi could not believe his eyes. The sunlight coming through the glass wall behind him revealed Amara's smooth, chocolate-colour skin. Beads of sweat lingered around her collarbone and started slowly dripping down into her cleavage, sparking a thought inside of him: "Wait!! Where is it?" she asked, not leaning anymore on the wall and trying to peek involuntarily.
"Excellent!!" thought Amara, seeing the hunger in Ravi's eyes. She had been waiting for such an opportunity to present itself. With hardly anyone around to disturb, Amara had indeed orchestrated the "accident" again. And the decision to replace the sports bra with a non-padded Demi bra had a profound effect on Ravi. But Amara had not planned anything further. Since she was not getting the required setup in the gym to execute her plan, she had not thought it through completely. She decided to go extempore and explore the unknown.
"So... where was I?" asked Amara, breaking Ravi out of his trance.
"Uh, well, you were saying..." Ravi tried hard to recall what Amara was saying a minute ago.
"Well....never mind! All I am saying is that you should not waste this crucial period of your life." Amara, red in her face, leaned forward, resting her elbows over the handle of the cycle. "Young age is meant to have fun as well, wouldn't you agree?"
Ravi's eyes widened up, and now, with even more sunlight illuminating the area under Amara's jacket, he had the answer to the question in his mind. He could finally see that she was wearing a really low-cut bra. The hint of her dark areolae peeking out suggested that her bra extended barely over her nipples.
Amara resumed her cycling slowly, and she felt a moist feeling between her legs. Yet she continued.
"Hello!!?! Earth to Ravi!! Where are you lost?" She teased him further by leaning a bit more forward, which further added to the tension between her big, supple breasts and the restricting line of her bra.
"No...yes... I mean, yes, you're right." Ravi managed to say that while trying hard to keep up a straight face. Ravi's hormones were raging inside his dick, which was clearly visible through the hard-on in his pants. He moved his hands in front of himself to hide his boner, which was already spotted by Amara.
And Amara was also not in any better state than Ravi. She knew that if she leaned forward any further, her complete breasts would have been exposed to him. She was blushing heavily, and her heart rate had already skyrocketed. At home, Amara had imagined giving in to her carnal desires and going all the way through with Ravi. And now that she was living the moment, she felt like giving in to experience it in reality.
Ravi was completely speechless. Ravi wondered if this was a test, an invitation to defy the boundaries of their workout session. This was too good to be true. Being a virgin himself, he wanted to attempt this test. He wanted to grab and maul her breasts, lick those nipples, and suck on them really hard. The hard dick in his pants raged to slide between her big, soft jugs.
But this was the gym, after all. They both knew a lot of people there, and people knew them. Moving forward any further was way too risky, and it invited more trouble. In a way, the boundary was set, and both of them did not have enough courage to cross it.
"Hey Ravi! Could you help me with my exercise, please? I need a spotter to get through this," came a voice from the other end of the floor. It was another member who needed help while doing crunches.
"Ah! Yes, I will be right there, sir!" Ravi responded as he made some adjustments in his pants by moving in a weird way.
Amara thanked this sudden development; otherwise, she might have gone ahead with her desires. She zipped her jacket back up. She had achieved more than she had planned for. While ecstatic, a thought kept creeping in the corner of her mind, asking her if she was really willing to risk everything. Just a few days ago, she was unaware of these feelings, and now, with her curiosity awakened, she felt that she had never discovered the world before.
Amara continued with her exercises for the day while Ravi got pulled by one member after another in the gym. After finishing her final exercise, Amara took her belongings from her locker and got back to the reception room. She was about to leave when it struck her that she still had to collect her bottle. There was no one in the room, so she went behind the desk to locate her bottle. Remembering that Ravi had put it in some cupboard below the desk, she bent down and started looking for it. Meanwhile, Ravi also got back to the reception room and made his way towards the seat behind the desk.
Surprised to find Amara there, he asked, "Oh! Ma'am, is everything alright?"
Being discovered by Ravi all of a sudden made Amara move a bit backwards so she could raise her head to face him. Since Ravi was standing quite near, Amara ended up bumping into Ravi. Realising what just happened, she received a small jolt up her spine. It was the same for Ravi as well, since this was the first time that Amara's hips had grazed against his crotch.
"Sorry about that," Amara said with a faint smile. "I was just looking for my bottle. I think you had kept it below in the cupboard," she further explained.
"Oh, yes," Ravi stammered as he continued, "it's in the bottommost compartment within the cupboard.".
A quick thought made her eyes tinkle, and she turned around with her back towards Ravi. With a sly smile on her lips, she bent down with her legs straightened, just like she does it during her exercise. The stretch on her yoga pants accentuated the shape of her well-rounded hips. Ravi noticed Amara's hips again and immediately felt his dick responding in his tights. Amara could see her bottle in the lowermost compartment, but she pretended otherwise. "I guess it is deeper inside..." she said while moving herself in small motion. This made her hips rub against Ravi's crotch even more and made his dick even harder. Ravi, unable to gather his thoughts, just stood there and lightly pushed his groin against Amara's bubble hips. Amara could feel his bulge rubbing against the crack in her hips, and it made her sigh, feeling hot.
A few more moments passed, and Amara stood up straight, holding the bottle in her hand. "Here is the stupid thing. It felt forever to get the darn thing out." This sudden turnaround gave Amara a good, close look at Ravi's tent in his tights. Ravi, realising that he got late to respond, got his hands again to cover his bulging hard-on. He felt embarrassed, but he was completely weak against Amara's hot moves.
"Sorry, ma'am," Ravi apologised.
Amara knew that he was apologising for the bulge in his pants. She smiled at Ravi's innocence and responded, "Oh, it was not a bother for me, Ravi. Since I had seen you placing it in the cupboard below and there was no one here, I tried to get it myself. Thanks for holding on to my bottle."
Ravi did not know what to say and simply responded, "Thanks, ma'am.".
"By the way, I have some important events to attend tomorrow morning, so I would not be able to make it here in the morning," Amara told Ravi.
"Oh, is that the case? Well, of course, that is not a problem, ma'am. But one should follow the routine. Also,", Ravi paused and thought for a second if he should continue, but then decided to take a leap of trust and continued, "This place feels more lively with you here."
Amara took the hint and responded with a smile on her face, "Well, you're my trainer, so I should follow your advice. How about you text me in the evening, and we could decide then?"
"Sure, that sounds great," Ravi said quickly.
Amara then left the gym and got inside her car. "Oh, Amara, you were really naughty today, but I loved it so much!!" she complimented herself, squeezing her left breast over the jacket. Just then her phone rang, breaking her moment; it was Meera, the president of the NGO club where Amara actively participated.
Meera asked, "Hey Amara, how are you doing?"
Amara answered, "Oh Meera, I am doing great. Just now got out of the gym? You called at this hour; everything is alright?"
Meera replied with some urgency in her voice, "Oh yes, yes, everything is fine. Well, there is some work related to our club activities that I would like to discuss with you; could we meet today?"
Amara asked with curiosity, "Sure, that should not be a problem. I could meet you at about 11 a.m. at your office. Would that work for you?"
Meera answered as if still lost in her thought, "Sounds fantastic to me!! See you then!!"
"Great! Bye!!" Amara greeted and disconnected the call.
Wondering about the conversation she just had with Meera, she started the engine and made her way home.
-- to be continued