He worked the crowd with his eyes, surfing for his next delicious conquest. Thousands of faces looked up expectantly at him as the silence he had only just created hung in the air, the silence that follows a call for "help from someone in the audience!" and invariably results in one lucky - or unlucky - watcher climbing up to the stage to raucous applause and cheering. He scanned his audience, already hooked on his every motion, exactly as he wanted them to be. He swung about, an actor to a tee, checking first here, then far over there, seeking high and low. He found his target quickly, spying the soft face and flowing red hair above what looked to be a delectable blue dress. He played it up, summoning her from her seat, and although she was timid about it, she did make her way to the side of the stage to join him. He grinned malevolently, watching her with relish as she approached. She was cute; his eye never let him down. Tall already but lengthier in those heels, the dress was far nicer than he'd initially thought - it was dark blue, stitched all over with glittering sequins and patterns. It didn't take him long to recognize that it was crafted in the image of the Starry Night, and he licked his upper lip as he gazed along the curving sequin-and-stud lines that happened to point directly to her crotch.
Smiling from ear to ear, he showed her off, taking her hand in his, holding it up high and twirling her for all to see, her dress swinging. He drank her in as he played her to the crowd, their thundering cheers egging them on more and more. Her curves were exhilarating, her backside bubbling her dress, the upper portions sliding around her chest without sag or sway.
'Hello, my dear.' he breathed as she came out of the spin. The crowd were still calling and screaming. 'Let's have a little fun together, shall we?' Her shy face didn't aim towards him as she avoided his gaze, but he didn't let her get off easily. She smiled weakly at the crowd as he stared right into her skin. Then, ever the performer, the magician turned to his crowd and fanned at her with his arms outstretched as if showing off a possession or prize. Then, with a wave, his new scene began. The crowd were bathed in the melding pink-purple lights that were his whole brand, and he guided his prey to the row of chairs arranged in the centre of his stage.
He was Gill Del A'mari Faraghi, a world-renowned magician and hypnotist. No one did it better than Gill; crowds poured their sentiments in, posting videos and photos and praise for months after he'd visited their city. Women yearned after his dashing dark looks, men envied his skill and easy confidence, the press couldn't write enough about his shows. Even his competition signed up to join his act when it travelled, and even then, they were never allowed to play on the night he performed. He only had a few simple, if strange rules; he performed each city once and once alone. He never allowed live cameras to stream his shows. And he always - ALWAYS - had guests from the crowd. It was practically a feature now, like a tennis star's grunting or a wrestler's intro. Wherever Gill performed, you knew you could be called onto stage.
There was only one thing the world hadn't seemed to quite cotton onto yet, perhaps due to his show's particularly tight rules around recording and streaming - his guests were almostexclusivelyattractive women.
Gill led her to the chair, and she took it uncertainly. Already beside her, two more women sat, both with their heads slumped. She was next; she knew it was coming, yet somehow couldn't find it in herself to feel scared, worried, or even particularly concerned. She couldn't know it, but she was under the effects of the magician's magical atmosphere already, as was the rest of the crowd; specially designed lighting, very specific audio and even special scents and mists pumped into the air through the smoke machines all played their part together to put Gill's fanatic crowd in a malleable, suggestible state. It wasn't hypnosis - they were conscious and responding genuinely to his act, but it was close, just enough to help guide them towards what he wanted them to see and think and feel and do. It helped, too, that this state was perfect for ensuring any attractive young lady he spied out would indeed join him on stage and let him perform on her.
'Ladies and Gentlemen!' Gill shouted out, his voice booming as he took front and centrer ahead of her. She watched him from behind, watched the way the entire crowd was lit in shimmering pink and purple, a waving, waxing sea of tinged faces, white and dark all glittering back the pink-purple glow of the lights as if every one of them were holding up small torches side by side. 'Now, for the portion of the show all of you have desperately been waiting for!' He said with gusto. 'For the performances of your lifetime! For that which makes Gill Del A'mari Faraghi De La Grande Magiciania famous, theworld over!'He cried out, naming both himself and his performance, his native accent tinging the phrasing. It was iconic.
'Men, women, boys and girls above de most very legal age; THE HYPNOSIS PERFORMANCE!'
The crowd went ballistic. Gill smiled as he started his performance, spinning and striding towards his third prize. He lent over her as his music began to pulse through the speakers, fresh waves of smoke pouring from the machines. Spirals adorned all the screens as the theme of this new segment switched into gear. The crowd 'oooh'd and 'aaah'd as they watched the stage, and as the smoke cleared, they all focused in on Gill as he stood over her.
She stared up at him, her knees together, her heels slightly apart so as not to lift her skirt up, gripping the sides of her chair with her palms, on edge. Gill stood above her, huge and blacked out behind the glowing stage and crowd, his features dark and silhouetted above her, making him look larger than life. His eyes seemed to glow brighter than the rest of him, and she watched him staring down into her, as if he could see right through her features and inside her very mind.
'Soon, my beautiful little pet,' he said, his mic now off, 'you will begin to submit to an irresistible slumber at my command.' he gesticulated. Outside, projected spirals and lasers followed his hands, putting on a fantastic show - he moved like an Indian dancer, waving and stepping, flowing like water. His white gloves shone in the darkness and the lights and spirals followed him as he moved, putting on a grand show for the audience. But between him and her, his focus was completely on her, unmoving, unblinking. He gazed down into her eyes as he moved, and all the while he spoke to her, just loud enough that she could hear him. She looked at him, looked into his eyes, and as he talked, she found it harder and harder to look away from the glittering, shining cores there.
'You are already under my spell,' he breathed. 'Already under my control. You just have to let yourself sink into it, sink into my spell and surrender your will to me.' He stared, never once taking his eyes from her. Slowly, he was approaching her, his dance growing less outlandish as he worked on her. She stared up at him, not realizing that her stance on the chair was already weakening, her back already slumping. She fought valiantly without quite knowing why, but the crowd was chanting now and the speakers pumping and his voice blending in hypnotically with it all so that it was all she could hear and yet seemed not to be there at all.
'That's it my lovely,' he said, close enough now to touch her. 'Let go, let yourself sink. Good girl... Good girl... Sink for me. Sink under my control. Sink down under my power and let yourself drop... Drop... Drop...' His voice trailed off. She didn't know it, but the crowd's uniform chant and the beating pulse of synthesizers had faded, and now only Gill stood above her in darkness. He was so close she could smell his breath, but it only smelled of lavender and cinnamon and grass and bubble baths and other inexplicable scents.
Her eyelids were heavy and her muscles all but relaxed. She stared with effort up past her drooping lids, unable to hold on and unable to understand why she had succumbed to the trance. She had no idea she had already done so over an hour ago, slowly and constantly being assaulted by hypnotic programming as she watched the show. She'd already seen two other women go under, the two girls who had until now been by her side on the stage but were now lightyears away from her dark nothingness she felt surrounded with now. She was as pliant and trance ready as the other thousand people out there, and all it had taken was for her to be coaxed down here to a safe, distant space where she could exist away from her body. Staring at Gill, she watched his wide, bright grin below two evil, glittering eyes, the face of victorious glee as he slowly, silently slipped away into the smoky emptiness around her. Bit by bit, his body disappeared, his face last to go until all she could see was his glowing white eyes. Then they too winked out of existence, and she was left alone in the dark, completely submerged, sitting dumbly on her chair.
Outside in the real world, Gill stepped triumphantly back from the blue dressed girl. He had one hand under her chin - he had come so close that he had practically been whispering right into her nose, holding up her chin with his forefinger. As he produced her to the crowd, he released it, and her head slumped down, her long red hair falling limply from her face, the mirror image of the blonde and the brunette beside her. Gill's crowd erupted, none of them aware of the part they had played in her, or any of the subdued female's hypnosis.
'NOW!' Gill called out. 'Now we will see the grand performance!' With a thrust of his hand, he called out. 'My three new pets, AWAKEN!'
Then, in perfect unison, the three women on their chairs lifted their heads and sat up straighter. Applause rang out. 'Ladies, my new slaves,' Gill said, performing his show perfectly as he danced around the stage. 'Stand!' The three girls stood. 'Step forwards and bow to your crowd!' The three girls each took about eight steps forwards and bowed low and long to violent clapping and stomping.
'My crowd, let us give these pretties new names!' Gill called. 'Something befitting of their new status as my hypnotized performers!'
Names flew out from the crowd, but Gill already had names in mind for his new minions. He heard some decent suggestions, playing it up for the audience, holding his hand comically to his ear on one side of the crowd, then the other. Eventually, though, he 'decided' on three - the blonde inherited the name Katie, the brunette became Alicia, and the blue-dressed red head was adorned Ruby. Each woman responded to her new name by standing from her bow and striking an elegant pose.
'Now, let's have some fun with our three new slaves, shall we?' Gill said, raising his crowd. They called and screamed. 'Katie, let's see you do a handstand!' Katie obediently turned herself over, standing on her hands for a few seconds. She was wearing jeans and a shirt, and although she was appropriately enough dressed for the motion, her chest did sag and hang, lifting her shirt from her waistline. When she stood up, she didn't bother to rearrange her breasts in her bra again, and some of the crowd saw and cheered. Her blonde hair hung across her face, but she was ignorant of everything but Gill's orders.
'Alicia, let's see you do the splits!' Gill called, rushing about to ogle her from a low angle comically, as if he were holding a big old-timey camera, bent over his knees to take the shot. He showed the crowd an amazed 'o' face, pressing his fingers into his cheeks like the typical picture of shock as Alicia parted her legs and slid down until her crotch touched the stage. Her pants were tights, and the effort, naturally, put strain on them. As she dropped the last six inches, her crotch ripped open, revealing the blue threads of her underwear below. She dropped the last short distance and put pussy to the stage, and the crowd screamed. The woman never seemed to notice what had happened, and Gill, far from concerned for her, played it up like a true showman.
'That's going to leave a stain!' Gill laughed to his crowd. Then, he turned his attention to the newly named Ruby.
'Ruby!' he called to the audience. 'Let's see your breasts!'
Far from uncertain at this clearly adult command, Gill's half-tranced crowd raised the dead as Ruby obediently slipped first one, then the other strap of her dress over her shoulders. She pulled the two straps down so that her dress turned inside itself, and her chest came into view, contained only in a plain black bra. But Ruby's command had been literal, and they both knew it - he said nothing as she released her half-removed dress and went back up again. Ruby put her hands behind her back and a few seconds later the cups popped as the pressure of holding her chest at bay pushed them away from her body. She took the two shoulder straps in each opposing hand and pulled, and the item of clothing slid easily from her skin. Gill held up his hands in cylindrical shapes to his eyes, forming imaginary binoculars and pointing them right at Ruby's breasts as they popped free for all to see. Though not huge, she had perky, teardrop breasts capped with small pink nipples, and revealed to the cold air they soon began to stiffen. Gill gestured for the crowd to cheer some more, and they obliged, already loud but now growing riotous in volume.
The rest of the show continued like this, with each of the women revealing themselves more and more as the commands came around to them. Katie took her pants off next, then allowed Alicia to remove her top. Ruby in turn took off Alicia's, while Katie stripped all the way. After one more round of orders, the three women stood on Gill's stage, completely naked.
Next, Katie did a cartwheel, her body moving in all its natural ways. Alicia did the Egyptian march, and Ruby pretended to play football. The three women linked arms and did the can-can, then pretended to be wrestlers, with Katie and Alicia in the ring and Ruby their referee. Following that, the three girls became runway models, skydived, and swam - doing just about anything that had them move their bodies and raise their arms, showing off their bodies in all their natural shapes, motions and angles. Gill played it up to a tee, but by now even he seemed to have grown more serious, and his crowd echoed the sentiment. The lights had grown redder, more intimate and muted, and a knowing hush seemed to steal across the room, as if someone had mentioned what came next.
'Ruby, play with Alicia's breasts!' Gill commanded, resulting in Ruby approaching and mauling the shorter brunette's chest. Alicia didn't react even as Katie was ordered into place between the two women, slipping her hands between each's legs. She only responded when Gill told her to kiss Ruby, and Ruby didn't react even then, letting her slack face be kissed without response. Soon, Katie stood between them and the three kissed passionately. Hands slipped down between each's legs, and after only a few commands, the three girls were touching each other in a ring. The crowd cheered and called as Gill had them take up their chairs and sit on them, spread wide for all to see. Synchronized by his commands, they all began to touch themselves at the same time, and this time, Gill kept them going and going, speeding them up only as his crowd cheered louder and louder. He had them use their free hand to massage their breasts, and as he suggested more and more to his three entranced agents, he knew the order was only a few more commands away. He already knew those more susceptible, suggestible minds out in his crowd were following suit - there were always many at every show he performed that, despite not being properly put under his hypnotic command, would obey him practically as if he had been - entranced just from his little preparative crowd work. It was all part of the show.
As the three naked women gasped and panted on their chairs, their disobedient hands working them closer to release, their feet glued in place on the floor, Gill faced his crowd. He could see some of them now - arms or chests shaking as men and women touched themselves. He smiled widely, in his element - he adored his power over people, and he knew they all adored him. He took a deep, low bow, included his three pliant assistants, and as his curtains began to draw in around him, issued the final command. Behind him, the three girls gasped and moaned as one as three matching orgasms began. Gill watched not a few people out in the audience variously fall to their seats, shake, or just slump back, and smiled all the larger. Behind him, one of the women - possibly Ruby, or maybe Alicia? - squirted slightly, a soft hiss and a splatter indicating the arrival of liquids as orgasm ripped through her. The grin on his face only expanded, as the curtains pinched together before him.
In the next ten minutes, standing before the curtain so as to allow his stage hands to begin to pack his show up, Gill reduced his crowd down to a low hum and slowly drew them high enough out of his trance so that the fading audio and lighting would free their minds. He made sure to properly suggest their enjoyment and that it might not be necessary to remember too vividly what had happened; he had done this enough times to know just how to get them to favorably, if foggily, recall his show with placid, hearty enjoyment. It was why he was rated nearly perfectly in all the review magazines and pages, despite no one quite knowing what his show did. All part of the mystery, after all!
Returning to his now hidden stage, Gill approached his three pets, still spread wide on their chairs, paused in their actions before. Three sets of slick fingers sat across three limp thighs, as three women stared into nothingness, waiting for orders. They had not been lifted from his hypnosis; and they would not be for some time yet.
'My beautiful pets,' Gill said, much more quietly now. 'Come with me.' Obediently standing, the three women followed the magician off stage and through a back corridor. Another condition of Gill's performances was that he used no in-house crew; Gill famously only had two assistants, publicly known to be his two gorgeous young daughters, but privately known to be two well paid girls from his past shows. They didn't know it, but their servitude had lasted far beyond their original intentions, and they were both travelers without work and family waiting for them.
The short blonde known to the world as Felicity, but whose name he had learned from her phone was actually Rachel Reeves, was standing backstage in her customary plain top and pants, waiting for her next orders. She had been with Gill the longest, a good few months before he had met Hu, a generously curvaceous Asian woman from his Chinese tour last year. She was a studying linguist from an orphanage, and he'd picked her up while she had been back in the country; she was with him instead of her study, and he'd already taken care of delaying her course return date. Having an obedient linguist with a tight body like hers came in handy-in both senses of the word.
Gill took his three hypnotized women through the back corridor and ensured his "daughters" had started the cleanup. He strode through the rear door and straight into his trailer, a huge interstate bus that had been converted much like a party bus might. Instead of seats, it was spaciously outfitted with beds, storage space and expensive lighting. He climbed inside and his three naked girls followed.
'Take a seat, ladies,' Gill commanded as he quickly started to remove his performance gear. The three girls sat on two of the beds. 'Well, don't just sit there,' Gill said, smiling widely as he pulled off his gloves. 'Have a little fun! Ruby, Alicia, why don't you get yourselves acquainted with each other's little girl bits, hmm?' he said. 'You, what was it - Katie, yes. Come give daddy Gill a hand out of his pants, pet.' Obediently, Katie stood up and knelt in front of her master, unlooping his belt and drawing his pants down as Ruby and Alicia laid back, both girls' hands going for their cunts. It took one kiss from Alicia to set Ruby into motion and the pair's suckling sounds mingled with the wet squelching emanating from between their legs.
'Mmm, I love nothing more than the sound of my little slaves enjoying my control,' Gill said as he threw his jacket on a spare bed. 'Katie, the underwear too.' She obeyed as he unbuttoned his shirt, and Katie's eyes alighted on Gill's hard member. He swung his shirt from his body and reached down, stroking the sides of Katie's head, running his fingers through her hair, moaning softly. 'What a delicious little whore,' he commented to no one. 'Katie, suck.' And he held her head gently, his fingers through her hair as she angled his erection down with one hand, put her mouth around him and closed. Sighing, the hypnotist leaned back into the bunk bed behind him as Katie's mouth soothed and drank away his woes.
After a few minutes of delicious, wordless sucking - the girls sucking face, Katie his dick - Gill stopped the group. He was starting to get quite worked up, and he didn't want to finish before he'd had the chance to at least sample the three beauties. 'Katie, get on the bed there,' he said, the blonde obediently climbing into one of the bunks. 'Good girl,' he crooned. 'Now, rub that beautiful little cunt until you cum for master.' And Katie obediently and happily went to work on herself, slipping her already coated fingers over and into her own body and gasping as pleasure rippled through her.
'Now, my dears,' Gill said, holding his arms wide and grinning at the pair he had not yet interacted with. Katie's moans and wet sounds would serve as the delightful backdrop as Gill had his way with the two other hypnotized women.
'Let's have some fun!'
Five minutes later, Gill slipped his slick, throbbing shaft into Ruby's equally wet hole, already split wide and waiting from the hand Alicia had been penetrating her with earlier. Gill was on his knees on the bed, her legs up above his thighs, cocking her up slightly so that she was at an easy level for him to penetrate. Above him, Alicia's legs spread wide on either side of the red head's face and Gill watched the dark hair bounce either side of her wonderful tits as she rode Ruby. He looked into her unfocussed eyes and breathed in her hot, breathy exhalations as she panted and grunted, pleasured by Ruby from below.
Gill bucked a little as Ruby's body stimulated him, tensing tightly around his shaft, but he gritted his teeth and went hands-free from Ruby's hips so that he could grip Alicia's chest instead, making sure to slap Ruby's breasts as punishment for being too arousing. Alicia gasped as he roughly mauled her tits, pinching her nipples. Gill was rough, not painful, but used to having women always enjoy anything he wanted. He pinched and pulled and twisted, and Alicia could only like it as she had been commanded to, letting him squeeze her breasts in pointy fingers as he rutted the woman below her.
She stared unseeing through his head as he leaned in and put his mouth hungrily over hers, her tongue naturally slipping against his as he panted and sucked hungrily, groaning into her face as he pleasured himself with the two women. He parted from her and put his head over her shoulder, holding Ruby's raised thigh with one hand and putting the other around Alicia's back to stabilize the group as he thrust faster, faster, faster inside Ruby's sodden cunt hole.
Gasping over Alicia's back, Gill groaned and thrust himself into Ruby, desperate for her to squeeze him until he-
-Ruby tensed again as she grew closer, his pumping cock stimulating her, and it was enough. Gill pushed deep and shuddered uncontrollably, gasping over Alicia's shoulder as he held on tight, the first waves of ejaculation hitting him. He crested and erupted inside Ruby, and for a few moments only his spasmodic micro-thrusts and Alicia's natural rocking motion on Ruby's face moved the bed. Then, Gill devolved into shuddering thrusts, and he quickly pumped Ruby full of his seed, leaning back so that he could stare down at her, watching her willing body taking him. He kept going until his load finished, and when he felt the last pulse leave him, he slipped himself easily out of her body, watching the sticky wetness gluing them together stringing out between them. Ruby's wide-open pussy glared like a cave as he withdrew, and after a moment a rivulet of semen bubbled up and began to drip from her lowest point, running down between her legs. Gill grinned in enjoyment at the sight and spat, adding that to the mix - a was a little tradition of his at this point. Then, he extracted himself from the group and went to clean up.
Gill was a selfish man. He tidied himself up, cleaning up his cock and drying off and even sliding fresh underwear on before he paid any of the three women any more attention. When he did, he returned to the group and simply said one command.
'Alicia, Katie, Ruby,' he said. 'Cum for daddy Gill!'
And thanks to their hypnotic obedience, all three girls spontaneously erupted - Alicia into Ruby's waiting mouth, Ruby into only her fingertips, Katie around her own. Moans and gasps and the sound of wetness filled the converted bus for the next minute or so, and Gill drank it in, his eyes closed, enjoying his power. He noted with interest that it had been Katie that had squirted earlier, as she had done again on his bed - a rare miss on his part. He gripped the beds on either side, his arms out wide, testosterone filling him with the sense of manly prowess. He grinned, not opening his eyes, savoring it all until long after the three women had peaked their individual climaxes.
About half an hour later, Gill took his three pets back out to the stage. Felicity and Hu had packed up the majority of his gear, and he slapped both on the ass as he passed them. Both women responded favorably as only they knew how, and Gill returned to his stage to see the inside of the closed curtains, in front of which were three sets of abandoned clothes. He had made sure his three new pets cleaned up well enough in the trailer, so now they only had to redress themselves, which he had them do. He watched each as they stepped back into panties and pants, shirts and dresses, occasionally touching an ass or sliding his rough fingers over a breast. All three girls, still under trance, allowed him any freedom he wanted, and he took it, stealing a few kisses and enjoying the touch of their bodies, addicted to them as he was to women in general - and he had had many in his travels.
'It's a shame,' Gill said, eyeing Ruby or whatever her name was as she wiggled her hips, drawing the dress back up her slender, curvy frame. 'I would take all of you if I could. Alas...' He trailed off.
'Katie, phone and wallet.' The blonde raised the small purse she had come tonight with and obediently handed him her phone, which had her cards in the case. He took them out.
'Elanor Gavin James,' he said. 'I think I prefer Katie.' He pointed her phone at her face, and it unlocked. 'Boyfriend, study, book club, blah blah - looks like you have people that will miss you, dear little slut.' He said, handing her back her belongings with a sigh, and slipped a hand over her cheek. She stared through him as entranced as ever. 'Go wait for me by the door.' Complying, Katie-Elanor-walked to the far door and stood there patiently.
'Alicia, phone and purse.' As before, he took her phone and purse from her and went through her things.
'Lauren Frank Leana Walker,' he said out loud to no one. Alicia - Lauren - actually reacted slightly to her name. 'Two jobs, mortgage, looks like perhaps a girlfriend?' Gill mused. 'Much as I would love to enjoy you and your little gay partner...' He said, thumbing her nipple through her shirt one more time and smiling evilly. 'I'm afraid there's too much risk.' He handed her belongings back. 'Go wait by the exit on that side.' Alicia, or rather, Lauren, walked away with her phone and purse to wait.
'And now for you,' Gill said, turning to Ruby. He admired her again. Even now, dressed once more in the flashy blue dress, she was gorgeous. Her chest had no sag, her ass seemed to be double her width and her flowing red hair hung long and low over her body, whisps of it hanging across her face and shoulders. As before, he took her phone - it was all she had on her - and unlocked it.
'No boyfriend, no recent texts, living several states away from her family, currently on a road trip... And a saleswoman!' Gill said, his eyes glittering with intent. 'I think a saleswoman on leave could afford some time aside for little old Master Gill...' He said. He ran one hand up from her thigh to her cheek, sliding over her dress and the curves below, feeling the pert body beneath. Still embedded deep in trance, she didn't react, even as his thumb grazed her nipple and cupped her face. He smelled her scent, still tinged with heady sex that had been planted on her mouth earlier.
'Welcome to the team...Ruby.'
...
Ruby smiled and grinned as she left the hall, thronging with people chattering and talking. The show had been incredible - the world's most talented magician and hypnotist! It was a once in a lifetime thing - he only ever did one show in any town, and he happened to be in hers. Her body buzzed, thrumming with energy. She wanted to tell someone, to tweet or write or talk or just - aah! She grinned from ear to ear as she left the hall, stepping out into bright light.
She frowned. Hadn't it been nearly night when she'd gone into the show? She tried to recall the day - she'd left about four, gotten here about quarter past five, and it had taken nearly an hour to get in. Surely it couldn't be sunny now. Or... Had she left then?
As Ruby thought about it, she realized she couldn't damn well remember. Ah, fuck it, she thought - she must have left earlier than she'd thought. Smiling to herself, buzzing from the sheer energy of the show, she walked outside and took out her phone, unable to be anything other than happy after seeing the critically acclaimed performance. She opened up the phone app to make a call, then paused.
Thursday? How was it Thursday? He had been in town performing on Sunday...Hadn't he?
Ruby puzzled, but it just wouldn't make sense in her head. She couldn't actually remember if ithadbeen Sunday or not - and something in her gut told her she was misremembering. Shrugging, she eventually gave it up. So what - it was Thursday. That just meant the weekend was ahead of her!
She put the phone to her ear as she stepped down the stairs away from the hall but paused again at the bottom.
This... Wasn't where she had been when she had gone into the show. She distinctly remembered an auditorium that was on ground level. In fact, she thought as she looked around - she remembered it being red brick, not painted white, and it was certainly not curved like this one was.
But even this thought wouldn't stick, and within thirty seconds, Ruby was doubting herself. Ah, she thought - of course, she hadthoughtit was another hall, but realized at the last moment that it was here. And she was coming out another door from the one she had entered through, which was why it looked different! The section she remembered must have been on the other side of the building. That was it!
Once more smiling, the problem worked out, Ruby put her phone to her ear.
'Hey Sal,' she said. 'You're not going to believe this. I have to tell you about this show I just saw!'
Excitedly, Ruby told her sister all about the show, but paused when her sister told her he wasn't in her town at all - in fact, he was in her childhood hometown, where her family still lived. Perplexed, Ruby struggled to explain it - but then, she had been over stressed lately and bored, and wanted to get out more. As she thought about it, she realized that was exactly what she had done - gotten bored, seen his show and decided to both head home to see her family and to see him perform! That had to explain it, and she told Sally as much.
'Okay,' Sally said, uncertain. 'I just wish you'd told us you were coming. We would have put on a feast!'
'That's the problem,' Ruby laughed. 'You ALWAYS put on a feast! Why can't we just have pizza and coke for once?'
And Ruby walked away from the hall, not where she had been, but back home - with no idea just how long it had been since she had gone into that fateful trance, or what she had done.
Behind her, out the back of the auditorium in the green room provided exclusively to him by the venue, Gill Del A'mari Faraghi lounged back in his makeup chair as three beautiful girls - he had called them Emma, Tracy and Grace - swooned over him. Emma's breasts hung beside his face and he lifted one to sample her nipple, watching her buttony face as she smiled and enjoyed the sensation. On his other side, a darker skinned woman slipped her hands over his leg and arm sensuously, her extremely generous bosom swaying. Beneath him, currently reached between his legs to draw down his fly, a gorgeous little make-up artist or something - this one was Grace? Or Tracy? Eh, it didn't matter - was pushing her pert lips forwards, angling to take him in her mouth as soon as he emerged. At his word, Emma and Grace or Tracy or whatever the black one was called kissed each other, and he fondled their breasts as he felt himself spring free and the third girl's lips slip along his shaft, groaning as she began to sink herself around him.
Although he had only dismissed her from her trance and his escort less than an hour ago, Gill had completely forgotten Ruby long before now, and was currently hoping the black one with the huge tits was an orphan or something. He rather fancied the idea of her bouncing about backstage for a while, her little chocolate body his to try in all the ways he wanted. He wondered if the different skin color really did lead to a difference in performance? He'd heard they lasted longer, moved better, and were a lot more generous downstairs. Judging by the feel of this one - that rumor was on track to coming true.
Gill grinned widely and joined the lip-mashing in front of him as he twitched in whatever-her-name-was's mouth. He truly did love being the Master of his show.
END