This time, I have instructed you on what I wanted from my pet. I told you how I wanted you to dress for me. You complied and once dressed you were a walking wet dream come true. My Little Girl was dressed to thrill and while your attire thrilled me, it also excited you knowing how much I loved seeing you like this. When you came down from our bedroom to present yourself, on your sexy legs you wore black fishnet stockings with lace trim on the top. Complementing the stockings, you wore a pair of black lace hi-cut panties that barely covered your sweet pussy and your round beautiful ass. On your feet you wore heels, making your legs look all the hotter. You wore a white blouse, looking almost virginal except the blouse was fully unbuttoned. The black and white made stark contrasts and showcased every delicious part of your body. Just as your beautiful curly black hair highlighted your angelic face. As your curvy body jiggled as you walked towards me I could see your beautiful tits gently sway. My God, you looked fabulous, delectable, edible and so very, very sexy!
My cock began to throb as I watched you. My breathing began to waiver, and my breaths almost stopped as you turned so I could see that sweet ass I loved so much. Your incredible ass, perhaps your best feature though you had so many delicious attributes, was always enticing me, it was so dam 'squeezable'! "Touch yourself for me little girl, show me how excited you get!" I said in a soft firm voice. You knew the procedure, you thrived on showing yourself to me. All of a sudden you flicked the switch on the lamp, illuminating the room for a few seconds more until you turned off the main lights. The bright lamp shone completely behind you and gave you a heavenly glow as you walked towards me. Oh yes, little one, it was time for you to perform for me. You were the only star of my stage.
You approached me, three feet away you stopped and moved your arms above your head. Your soft sensual hips were swaying from side to side. The light around you showed me every delicious curve and fleshy mound on your body. As your body swayed I could see the silhouetted curves of your heaving breasts as they danced in your shirt. What music were you playing in your mind as you danced for me, little one? My manhood was aching for release as I stared at you, my jeans had imprisoned my taut balls and cock. You slid slowly down in front of me, your legs bending and your tongue pushing through your lips, licking them as you lowered yourself further. Your fingers began to stroke your foot. They teasingly traced along your shoe and over your ankle. My breathing was labored and my moans were escaping, as I unzipped my jeans and freed my throbbing manhood. My eyes locked with yours as I started to stroke my swollen desire. The more I stroked, the more blue your hazel eyes became.
Your eyes half-closed as you moved your fingers over your legs, swirling imaginary patterns on your stockings, then over your knees and behind them. I let out a low throaty groan, thinking how much I wanted to torment that sensitive soft flesh behind your knees. You straightened your legs as your fingers reached your stocking tops. I have cum a thousand times imagining you wearing them for me, standing over me, in front of me, behind me, performing for me! And always you were half naked -or wearing nothing but the stockings in my fantasies of you. And here you were now offering yourself to me. Your fingers traced the intricate design of the lace along the front of your thigh, then the sides and the back, not an inch of the lace escaped your delicate touch. I slipped my hand inside your shirt and immediately felt the hardness of your nipple. I rubbed over it, causing you to moan as my hips rocked to the constant stroking of my cock.
I gasped as you turned around, your back now facing me. You lifted your shirt a little and pressed your incredible ass into my face. Your hi-cut panties showed off your sweet ass cheeks and defined your curvy hips. So very, very sexy! Your hands reached up into your curly black hair and the light appeared to separate each strand as you ruffled your fingers through it. My heart skipped a beat and my cock flooded my underwear with thick gobs of precum! You teasingly walked towards a chair, swaying your ass. You knew what you were doing, you knew I was an ass-man. I had talked so much about your plump sexy ass and how I ached to get my fingers and tongue on it...and dig my tongue in deep between your sweet cheeks ...and stab into your tight puckered ring! Walking away from me you lifted the back of your shirt and rubbed your fleshy cheeks in circles, alternating each hand and wonderful creamy ass cheek.
I kicked my jeans all the way off and spread my legs, my fingers wasted no time in wrapping around my throbbing pole and caressing and squeezing my swollen balls. You could hear my breathing ragged, and getting louder as my fingers worked themselves into a steady rhythm...imagining they were your mouth...your pussy...your sweet ass.
You placed your hand on the back of the chair and spun it around on one of its legs and dragged it towards me. You stood between the chair and me and tantalizingly pulled your skimpy panties off your sexy legs. Barely two feet away, you sat down and spread your legs and began to stroke your pussy. You looked directly at me. Both of your hands were either side of your pussy and you were spreading your lips, wider and wider. You were opening yourself completely up to me.
I could see the wet, pink flesh of your sex petals as you spread them out. Your pussy was a work of art...so beautiful and so sensual...sexy and enticing...and so tasty looking. Your fingers caressed the inner lips and folds and as our eyes locked, as if to say "This is for you Daddy"; they flicked over your clit. You jumped at the contact as if an electric shock hit you, and your beautiful body shivered. My hands were busy as well. I pulled my foreskin back, revealing my smooth hard cock to you. I ran my fingers over my balls and breathed out hard and fast, moaning loudly. Your engorged lips were still spread but your finger was now focused totally on your pearl, caressing your little pleasure nub. The rapid circling motion of your fingers caused your blouse to fall elegantly off your shoulder revealing your sweet plump tit that was now jiggling to your rhythm of lust.
You were lost in a lusty dream world. Eyes closed and rocking on the chair. Your hips were moving in time with the wonderful sensations that your fingers were causing. Circling and rubbing your precious little pearl, gently caressing and squeezing it, imagining my lips were biting down softly on it! My orgasm would not be long, but first I wanted to see you spiraling over the edge. Aching to see you reach a higher plateau than you had ever imagined. I saw your hips jolt forward and your shoulders fall back. The other side of your shirt fell off your shoulder and now both your beautiful tits were bouncing in rhythm. Your face was flushed and you lifted your legs. You were so close, little girl. You had a steady rubbing, a sensual rhythm that your fingers were beating through your wetness. You were moaning loudly and gasping. Could you hear me? I was fucking my hand with my swollen cock, squeezing my balls at the same time as you, both of us in unison, enjoying our bodies, enjoying each other. Performing for each other, showing what we do to please and excite each other.
I stroked faster and faster but still my eyes never left you. They followed your heels, your stockings and up to that open pink wet delight at your fingers. I ached to taste you. I could see it so clearly, glistening in the light. Pink and so wet...open and enticing...almost calling me to come and lick you. With a long animal moan you suddenly arched your back! Yes little girl, you were close, so very close. You screamed and your body jolted hard! It jerked as your finger still flicked your clit. You began to cry out and shriek as the most powerful orgasm washed over you. Waves of pleasure rippled through your delicious wonderful body. You gasped with every throb of your pulsating clit. And you came. You came so hard, so erotic... so beautiful. A wanton explosion of pure decadent pleasure. Your body was slowing its shuddering tremors as you slowed the pace of your fingers.
Your eyes were open again, blue and glazed in lust, as you looked out at me. I was nearly there. Climbing to that higher level! I wanted you to see me cum. You eased yourself up from the chair and leaned towards me, inches from me. You stood, leaning over and smiling, as I rubbed my cock harder and harder. I was gasping, fighting for breath as I felt the tingle in my toes build, ascending to my thighs and heading towards my throbbing twitching cock. I leant back and bucked my hips. And your small hand was now on mine, stroking with me, then replacing mine altogether. You pumped my manhood and leaned closer, pointing it at your sweet face.
You wanted it. I wanted it. Oh god, here it comes... "Ohhhhhhhhh uhhuhhh..ohhhh!" I screamed, shaking hard as the intensity ripped through me ...the bolt of jizz boiling from inside my balls...racing up the thick vein on my cock...the cum vein pumped hard... and then my lust was splattering everywhere! "Ohmygawd!" My breathing and gasps were out of control...your hand was a blur and my cock kept spewing! Ribbons of white lust splattered on your naked plush chest, and beautiful face! They felt warm and thick on your exquisite skin, you loved the sensation of my spewing seed on your pale flesh. Slowly...ever so slowly I began to recover. I looked at you and you smiled back at me, looking even more beautiful with my white cum oozing down your sweet face.