Kim and Kiesha had been friends for a long time. The kind of besties that share deep and true conversations. Since I had started dating Kim I had been tagging along with them on various activities. Over time Kiesha had become more comfortable with me being around and her conversation had started to open up more while I was around. This past Saturday we had been hanging around and had spent most of the day goofing off. We were sitting in Kim's living room and relaxing while we tried to decide if we were going out that night or not.
"I'm so frustrated." Kiesha started. "We just can't seem to make it work these days. My man is great for most things but sex just isn't getting me where I need to be."
I was a bit shocked to hear this coming from Kiesha. It was almost as if she'd forgotten I was there and was talking directly to Kim.
"Look, he's a great guy but you need to take care of yourself." Kim answered her.
"Well, that's not so easy." Kiesha looked down. "I want to but I just can't find the right thing to push me over the edge."
"Do you watch any porn videos on the internet?" Kim seemed to be taking a serious, sort of clinical take on this. I just clamped my mouth shut and kept listening.
"I have seen some," Kiesha looked a little bit embarrassed. "It's not that easy finding the right thing."
"Oh, I know. The first video or two can be sort of light and things will really start to work but after awhile you get to be a little jaded." Kim glanced my way as if remembering that I was there. She glanced away just as quickly.
"There are so many that are just... I don't know how to describe it. They're fake. They're staged. It's so easy to tell the ones where nothing is real." Kiesha's face shifted from shy to perturbed. "There are all these stereotypical things out there that just don't work. Like I said, I'm frustrated."
"And being what I call 'background horny' doesn't help at all." Kim shifted on the couch where we were sitting and turned more toward Kiesha. "There are days when I am so distracted I can't even think clearly. It's the only thing on my mind until I can get some relief."
"I feel like that way too much these days, but like I said I just can't find the right thing to watch. Videos are so fake." Kiesha pouted and crossed her arms. "I need something."
"I have an idea..." I said it as quietly as I thought I could get away with. I was anxious and didn't want to wreck the mood of open and honest communications. Kim tilted her head to the side as she looked over at me and raised a single eyebrow. Kiesha seemed to suddenly remember that I was sitting there and sat up a little straighter. "I don't want to make things really awkward though." I got that light, panicked feeling you get from time to time when you're pushing yourself outside your comfort zone. "I mean, I think we could help."
"Is this one of those stupid 'I've always dreamed of two women' things? Because I don't think that's going to work for you right now." Kiesha was giving me serious side eye. So was Kim.
"Well, I'm never going to deny that as a fantasy but it wasn't what I was thinking just now." I had to forge ahead. I didn't want to lose the moment. "I don't want you to get into any kind of trouble for cheating or anything like that. But I still think we could help."
"You keep saying 'we' there buddy, how am I connected to all this?" Kim turned to face me and I had the full attention of both women. I wasn't sure I could pull this off, but I had to try. I scooted along the couch and up next to Kim. I raised one finger up in a 'just a minute' gesture for Kiesha's benefit and leaned in. I could smell the shampoo in Kim's hair as I got my mouth up close to her ear and whispered to her, "We could be her show..." I lightly touched her ear with my tongue and then let my teeth graze her neck ever so slightly as I slumped back to where I had been sitting before.
Kim had stopped. She didn't move. Her mouth was open a little bit and her eyes didn't seem to be focused on anything. I glanced down and noted that putting my teeth on that spot on her neck seemed to work fantastically as her nipples were now pushing hard against the t-shirt she was wearing.
"What did you say to her?" Kiesha giggled a little. "Whatever it was you seemed to have hit on something 'cause think we lost her."
Kim snapped back to us and refocused. "I think you might just have the right idea. Key, honey I think he's got a plan." She shifted to get her knees under her and leaned onto me wrapping her arms around me. I could feel her nipples brush up against me as she leaned in and started kissing my neck and running her hand across my chest and down my stomach. The sweatpants I was wearing suddenly didn't seem to be helping things at all. I was very aware of how hard I was getting.
"Whoa, you two need a room or something?" Kiesha added a nervous little giggle a the end of her question.
"No honey, that was his idea." Kim glanced up at her as she slid her hand down onto my sweatpants. "You can't find the right thing to watch on a porn video, but you don't need video. You can watch us. Right here, right now." Kim slid her hand along the front of my sweatpants and along my now raging hard dick. "I think we could make something work for you and you'd know for sure it wasn't fake."
"Uh..." Kiesha was now the one looking thunderstruck. Kim took this chance to turn back and kiss me. She shifted and put one of her legs between mine and clamped onto my thigh. I took the cue and began to slide my hands up and down either side of her. I started by staying above her t-shirt and sweatpants but soon I started venturing up under her shirt. I got no resistance to this and then took one hand down into her sweats to cup her ass. She started to grind against my thigh a little.
"You will, won't you?" Kiesha's breathy whisper reached me. "You two would do it right here in front of me wouldn't you?"
Kim stopped kissing me. She leaned back slightly and turned to her friend. "Yeah, I think it's a big turn on. You want to watch?" Kim grabbed the bottom edge of her shirt and pulled it up over her head. Since we had just been sitting around the house she hadn't put a bra on. She was now naked from the waist up and I had one hand on her ribs and the other in her pants on her ass.
"I... I... " Kiesha's legs were shifting ever so slightly together and back apart then together and apart in a repetition I wasn't sure she knew she was doing. "I've never watched anyone else have sex before. Not for real."
"That's the part that's supposed to be the turn on that pushes you over the edge sweetie." Kim gave her best devilish smile then slid off me to stand up. She put her hand out toward me and motioned for me to stand as well. I stood up and was very aware of how far out my sweats were bulging.
"You do what you need to do. I think we might be busy here for a few minutes." Kim said then grabbed my t-shirt and pulled it up over my head and off. We were both now only wearing sweatpants. Kim leaned her naked torso against me, kissing my neck and running her hands down along my sides. When she got to the edge of my sweats she grasped them and continued down. The elastic felt suddenly tight against my shaft and then it was past. My dick bounced into view and I felt the urge to cum right then and there. I heard a slight gasp from Kiesha but I couldn't look. I focused on Kim. I moved my feet and Kim removed my sweats altogether. She didn't stand back up however. She tossed my pants away and grabbed my shaft with one hand. I watched her turn her head slightly toward her friend. She winked and then slid my cock into her mouth. My hips spasmed just a little as I tilted my head back and closed my eyes. Kim went after my spasm and started sliding up and down with enthusiasm. I sucked in a breath that I didn't realize I'd been holding and started rocking my hips back and forth in time with Kim. She has an amazing tongue and was working it more than I ever remember her doing it before.
I reached down and put a hand gently on the side of her head. It was a little signal we'd worked out between us. She couldn't keep going or I was going to finish right then and there and I did not want this moment to slip away. She popped my dick out of her mouth and grinned. "You going to be able to carry out this plan of yours?" She seemed amused.
I almost couldn't find my voice. "Come over here and let's find out." I helped her move until she was going to sit on the couch. Just as she went to sit I yanked on her sweats and got them to her knees before her ass made it to the couch. She yelped slightly and I just kept going. Her sweats had to go just the same as mine.
We were now both completely naked. I wanted so badly to slide inside her, but I knew I'd never last if that was what I did right now. Instead I leaned down and started placing kisses up her thighs as I worked my way toward her neatly trimmed bush. As I kissed my way forward I pushed her knees further and further apart. I wanted to be sure that I could get the access that would turn her on the most so I hooked my arms under her legs and pushed her thighs up onto my shoulders and even further apart. I could see how wet she was in that moment right before I jammed my mouth down onto her and pushed my tongue into her wetness. I slid my tongue in and out while my hands roamed up and started massaging her tits. I started to rock back and forth adding a little pressure, then taking it away from my mouth just based on my body motion. I felt Kim start to rock back and forth with me ever so slightly.
I don't know how long I was at it, but I do know I felt Kim shudder at least once before she reached down with both hands and grabbed my hair. "Up here. I need you up here."
I let my tongue slide along her clit as I moved up to kiss her, my face still wet. She returned my kiss and her hands started moving down to my hips. "Please... "
That was all the asking I needed. I kept her legs up on my shoulders while moving up and forward. I had never been so hard in all my life. I felt myself slide into her wetness so easily I was shocked. I slid in and out and began working on a solid rhythm. Kim's breath was harsh and raspy and her hips bucked up to meet me each time I thrust forward. I heard another gasp and remembered then that Kiesha was sitting in the chair just off to my right. I couldn't believe it, but I had been so completely lost in sex with Kim that I had forgotten that we were putting on a show.
I peeked back over my shoulder. Kiesha had turned sideways in her seat, putting one leg up over the arm of the chair with her other foot still on the floor. She had taken her pants off and pushed her shirt up above her breasts. One had was pinching a nipple while her other hand was furiously pushing her fingers in and out of herself. I'd never seen Kiesha without clothes on before and even in that position she looked amazing. My pace got faster and faster and I looked Kiesha right in the eyes. Her eyes widened ever so slightly as I let out a low groan. I shuddered and yanked out my dick. I had never done that to Kim before and she yelped as I came so hard I felt dizzy. I shot my load all the way up to Kim's chin landing a second shot of cum on her breasts. I heard both women gasp and I felt Kim shudder again as I slumped sideways against the couch. I glanced at Kiesha again and watched her hand moved at a crazy speed and her hips bucked and twitched as well.
We all took a few minutes to just breathe and recover a little.
Kim was laying flat on her back on the couch. She was the first to say anything as we all just lay there. "So Key, did we manage to help more than some fake video?"
Kiesha seemed to come back from some distant thoughts. "I think you two might just have found the answer. We'll have to try again just to be sure." She smiled and winked at us. I could feel my dick start to stir again. I was very glad I had given them the suggestion.