My life, in my opinion, is very comfortable, very happy and sexually fulfilling to a point.
Not the greatest of opening lines, though true nonetheless.
Emotionally, financially and every way I could wish, my life is all it could be, with one possible small exception. And that possible exception is that my sexual desires verge on the exhibitionist, somewhat carnal and can at times, prove to be incredibly unfaithful, regarding my marital vows, almost to the point of being downright kinky, well at least in my opinion and the opinion of some of my many lovers.
My own personal needs are what can only be described as outside the parameters of monogamy. My husband, who is very loyal and loving, who has remained faithful to our marital vows, at least to my knowledge, derives untold sexual pleasure from my extra marital activities, which although not cuckold, do involve my constant breaking of my marital vows sexually. He delights in either watching my exploits in person or receiving a running commentary of my exploits after the event. Mostly while I am either milking him or riding him slowly, reliving every moment of my infidelity.
The terminology for our situation is best captured I suppose as the Hotwife syndrome. I love to flirt and flaunt, as long as I get the benefit of the erection I've just created, and he loves that I choose to behave in this manner, gaining immense pleasure watching me arouse and eventually drain a hard cock. He is most definitely not a wimp or weak man, but he does enjoy knowing that his hotwife can make the cocks hard and make sure they empty spectacularly.
As a highly sexed slut, we have found the perfect compromise to our sexual preferences, me being the highly sexed slut and him being a serious voyuer.
From the moment we met, I have sought and craved the sexual attention from other men and in some cases other women.
On the night we met, I managed to sneak away from him, to go to the disabled bathroom in the nightclub we were in, with what turned out to be his one of his best friends as sexual company. I willingly sucked his friends magnificent cock, ravishingly using my mouth and tongue to pleasure his friend to completion. I rejoiced in telling his friend how much I loved to suck cock and fuck other men, before swallowing every drop of delicious cum the guy provided. I removed my very small tight dress and completed his blowjob completely naked only wearing high heels. His friend played with my large firm breasts and fingered my tight shaved pussy as I performed the greatest blowjob he had ever experienced. That night when I returned to my future husband, he had a rough idea that something had occurred, possibly from the salty taste on my lips, but was never sure for certain of what actually happened, that is until I confessed to him in a rather teasing manner some months later, as I rode his cock to orgasm, delighting in telling him how much his friend sexually satisfied me.
I managed to work my way sexually through the majority of his friends, enjoying their manhoods in everyone of my slut holes, before we finally moved in together.
Getting help with our move was a very simple task, as most of his friends that I approached for assistance had at one time or another, had their hard cock in either my mouth or pussy, and one of his friends even fucked my ass in the back of a cinema whilst hubby thought I was at the kiosk purchasing popcorn. Needless to say I made sure that the guys who helped were sexually rewarded, which I know hubby enjoyed, even though it was from a discrete distance not wanting to spook his friends. Hubby feigned the need to go to a hardware store for for some supplies, leaving me with four of his friends, who removed my tight dress, leaving me in stockings, garter belt and high heels, as they incessantly ravaged me as his car pulled away from the drive. One guy was fucking my shaved pussy as I straddled his thighs. Another guy was positioned behind me, sliding his hard cock in and out of my tight unfaithful asshole. The other two were content to stand either side of me playing with my erect nipples as I sucked their cocks to completion, swallowing every single slimy drop. The two guys fucking my holes managed to empty their loads into my willing mouth a few minutes before my future husband returned, allowing me to clean up place my dress back on. The guys even managed to take a few souvenir photographs on their cell phones of me being fucked and lapping up their spunk enthusiastically.
There were countless other secret trysts during the early stages of our relationship, right up to the point when he eventually witnessed a close acquaintance, bending me over on the patio during a friends house party, with my short tight mini dress around my waist, as I willingly took his large cock deep inside my shaved pussy. Just as his friend emptied his seed inside me, I glanced over to find my future husband staring at my predicament with a huge grin emblazoned across his face. I smile suggestively and gave him a naughty wink as his friend continued to empty inside me, unaware of our secret audience. His friend returned to the party to avoid suspicion and unknowingly left me outside with my husband who placed his own cock where his friends had been and fucked me vigorously, mixing his spunk in with semen of my alpha male earlier.
I teased and tormented my husband during our impromptu fuck.
"It feels so good to have your cock fucking me, using your friends spunk as lubricant!"
He groaned as I continued a verbal onslaught in this tone.
"I can still feel your hard cock fucking me, which is surprising, considering how much bigger your friends cock was!" I moaned, feeling my husband thrust deeply inside me, his cock exploding a furious eruption of hot spunk.
"That feels almost as much spunk as your friend emptied inside me!"
My husband was revelling in my sexual indiscretions, enjoying my infidelity almost as much if not more than I.
"I can't wait to feel his cock explode inside me again! A few new cocks exploding inside would be perfect!" I teased, smiling and licking my cock sucking lips.
My indiscretions with his friends were now coming out in the open and my husband obviously approved of my alternative lifestyle judging by his constant arousal. His friends were quite relieved also that he had no objections to me enjoying their hard cocks as and when required. There were many occasions when my husband and a friend or two would enjoy the pleasure that my slut body provided after a night out.
One particular occasion, two of his friends just showed up at our home, lifted me off the sofa, taking me up to my bedroom, as they felt and groped my inviting pussy. Stripping me naked, they dressed me in stockings and garter belt with black high heeled strappy fuck me shoes. They proceeded to carry me back into the lounge, fingering my tight holes all the way back to the lounge, where my husband was patiently sitting and took turns fucking me wildly, as my husband sat next to me, watching as I rode both cocks. The final act of submission included both guys double penetrating me and coming inside both tight holes, whilst my flummoxed husband looked on at his slut wife. They left me on the sofa in post orgasmic bliss and left promptly. Hubby fucked me ferociously, telling me how much of a cheating whore I was, allowing men to fuck me at their beck and call. I loved this as he came deep inside my pussy, giving me another mixed load of delicious spunk.
My wardrobe became even more exotic and slutty from that moment on, as I embraced the Hotwife life, actively playing the role of cheating hotwife.
My preferred sexual scenario would be one male pleasuring me, but there have been occasions where more than one male was attending to my sexual needs and I can't deny that those occasions have been very sexually satisfying.
I have on two separate occasions been the stripper at a private stag show for a few of his friends, where I was passed around like a joint at a frat party. I dressed the part in stockings, garters, quarter cup bra and the highest heels imaginable. My nipples were fully exposed and were sucked and chewed constantly. Once my shaved pussy was revealed, every guy in the room inserted at least two fingers into my pussy or ass when I lap danced my way around the room. I squirted at least twice before I fucked every guy in the room at least once, coming so much I almost fainted with sexual exhaustion. That night hubby left me at the venue with two of his friends, who had conveniently dropped a viagra each and proceeded to fuck every hole I own incessantly. Hubby collected me the following morning just as the guys were emptying their final loads inside my willing ass, which I was holding open for them to spew their hot spunk inside. They had photographed and videoed the whole event, giving a copy to hubby and I, something I've watched and masturbated too on many an occasion, plus I once watched it back as two complete strangers replicated every move that was on the screen. I helped once secure a business deal by being a sexual escort for his client to ensure the deal went through, and after what I let that guy do to me, that contract was most definitely in the bag. It was an added bonus that the guy was really hot and owned a very impressive cock.
I am fortunate enough to be blessed with the looks and body that men want, and excuse my arrogance, but so far no man has refused my advances.
I dress provocatively to attract my chosen mate and will ensure that I am actively willing to entertain any carnal desires the man wishes to explore with me. I have a very lavish wardrobe of sexy lingerie, high heels (shoes and boots). A very extensive selection of the the tightest, shortest most revealing dresses imaginable. After last Halloween when I went out as a latex Catwoman and was fucked wonderfully by a good friend of my husband, I've since acquired a few sexy catsuit outfits, with the zips in the right places for easy sexual access.
All of these outfits have been put to good use on many, many occasions, on my sexual excursions in to unfaithfulness, enjoying the sexual pleasure of a new hard cock and on a few occasions the exciting softness of a woman's expertise.
I proudly possess a 32DD-23 34 body with a completely smooth shaved pussy. My right nipple is pierced and I have a three artistic tattoos, one on my wrist, one on my foot and one down the left hand side of my waist from the underside of my breast, down to my left hip. My husband was never a big fan of my tattoos, but he heartily approved of my nipple piercing and the erect effect it provided. With the majority of my tight slut wardrobe emphasising my small waist and large breasts, my pierced nipple is always clearly visible and always joyfully erect. Something he, his friends and my many extra curricular lovers enjoy, and truth be told, I do love the effect and sensation.
Although my husband has gracefully accepted my chosen lifestyle, I do enjoy teasing and humiliating him sexually whenever possible. We have discussed this at length, and by his own admission he admitted that my sexual indiscretions and various levels of humiliation, excited him. I openly admitted that I loved getting fucked and having strange men shower me with sexual attention, but the notion of unfaithfulness and the depraved humiliation of my husband only added to the sense of arousal. When his two friends turned up, snatched me upstairs, decking me out in stockings and garters, then fucking me vigorously on our sofa as he just sat next to me, watching and hearing his friends fuck me senseless. Hearing me moan and groan with unabashed pleasure as the two cocks fucked me vigorously, was without doubt a sensational sexual experience. I added to the moment by giving a running commentary on how deep the guys cocks were inside me, how big and hard they were and how much pleasure these throbbing virile cocks were providing me with, as he sat there, shifting uneasily, as his friends fucked me, smirking incessantly as they would drop little humiliating sentences into the equation.
"She is such a nasty cheating slut, letting men fuck her as her poor husband looks on!"
'Look at how much she loves having more than one cock inside her!"
"She fucks and squirms like the cheating slut that she is!"
My husband would squirm at these outbursts but secretly thrived on their utterance.
"It's like fucking our own private whore for free!" Was one of my personal favourites and judging by the flushed colour of my husbands face, it was also one of his.
I thrived on being fucked in front of my husband, as he watched on helplessly. This always added to my arousal. It was almost like an out of body experience, watching the mixed emotion of humiliation, arousal, jealousy and anxiety he endured during my hotwife escapades.
It now brings me to the present day where we now find ourselves looking to sell our city centre Apartment and purchase a house with a large garden. Our apartment is situated in the heart of the city centre on the Main Street with easy access to all of the Restaurants, Bars, Night clubs, strip clubs and shopping. A selection of facilities we have used avidly, but now feel it's time to move out of the city and into the suburbs.
I have to the best of my ability prepared the apartment for sale and was patiently waiting for the real estate photographer to turn up and capture our home for the purposes of selling to the highest bidder. I am what I am and won't change that so I find myself dressed in a skint tight faux leather look black waistcoat, displaying a considerable amount of my ample cleavage. I'd foregone the wearing of a bra as the waist was cinched at the waist and cupped my large firm breast majestically. I matched the waistcoat with a very tight shiny black leather look mini in
The exact same material as the waistcoat. I had chosen not to wear any panties as I didn't want any VPL on my skintight skirt. My smooth tanned legs were enhanced by my choice of high heeled ankle boots to complete my outfit. My hair was tousled in the way I prefer to wear it and my make up was more than was required for daytime purposes. I had one last walk through our apartment to ensure it was staged perfectly for the photographs, when the doorbell rang announcing what I hoped would be the photographer. My high heels clipped across the hardwood floor as I made my way to open the door. Unlatching the door I was pleasantly surprised to find a rather dishy looking photographer standing on my doorstep. He stepped back for a second, surprised to find me dressed as I was, and wearing such provocative clothing, enhancing my curvy hotwife body. I smiled as he looked me up and down then spoke.
"I'm from the real estate company to photograph your household!" He said in deep masculine voice.
I stepped aside from the door entrance.
"Please come in!" I smiled, as he stepped into the vestibule.
I closed the door behind him and turned to greet him. He hadn't stepped all the way into the vestibule and I found myself almost face to face with the young dishy photographer.
My large firm breasts were pressed against his broad chest as he blushed ever so slightly before stepping back allowing me room to manoeuvre.
I smiled once more and ushered him to the stairs.
"Please follow me and I'll give you the guided tour" I said stepping ahead of him, slowly climbing the stairs, ensuring my ass would be the focus of his attention as I seductively climbed the stairs.
With each I step I took, I could feel the tight mini skirt easing its way up my thighs. By the time I'd reached the halfway mark, I could feel a gentle breeze on the lower section of my buttocks which must be surely in plain sight to my guest. I took a long step, ensuring my skirt was definitely riding up and exposing my ass. The long step would definitely give my guest a wonderful view of my smooth shaved slit. I could feel the sexual butterflies, fluttering in my stomach as the naughty slut in me rose to the surface. I stopped one step from the next level and turned to my photographer guest.
"How are you enjoying the guided tour so far?" I said suggestively with a knowing smile.
His face was flushed as his eyes moved from my ass to my face.
"Everything looks fantastic so far!" He said with just a hint of innuendo.
"Thank you so much!" I retorted "Will I be in any of these photographs?" I enquired with a cheeky grin.
"The ones for your schedule will be of the house only, but I can do a few with you in the pics as a little memento!" He said rather confidently.
"I think I would like a few souvenir photos of me around the house!" I grinned salaciously "We could theme them. Cook in the Kitchen, Lady in the lounge etc!" I said allowing his mind to decipher and decode my obvious message.
"If you're ok with that, I'd be delighted to photograph you around your home!" He smiled with just a hint of confidence.
I walked off the staircase and onto the hallway of the first floor. The lounge and kitchen were off to my right, with our entertainment room and spare bedroom to the left.
I walked into the entertainment room, sat on a barstool and said.
"Why don't you go ahead and photograph the rooms on this level and I'll make us both a drink. Do you have any preference?" I smiled warmly.
"Just a soda water for me please as I'm driving and have another appointment later this afternoon!" He said in an official tone.
"Well I suggest you get moving and photograph what you need on this level and the one above, then come back here and I'll have your soda water ready for you!" I said, turning my body toward the bar.
He shot out of the room and into the hallway. Placing it down on the floor, he opened his case and began to discriminately take photographs of our apartment. I heard his footsteps going from room to room as I prepared his drink with some ice and a slice of lemon and placed it on a coaster on the bar counter. I looked at my reflection in the huge mirror on the wall behind the bar. My breasts looked huge, squashed into the tight waistcoat, the faux leather cupping them and displaying them magnificently. I grinned salaciously knowing the photographer would be putty in my hands any moment now. I placed my manicured hands underneath my large breasts, squeezing them gently and adjusting them to show them off in their prime. As my slender hands squeezed the faux leather, the photographer walked into the entertainment room, staring into the wall mirror at my reflection. I turned on the bar stool to face him, still holding my huge breasts, squeezing them gently with a wicked smile emblazoned across my face.
"Your drink is on the bar!" I smiled, giving my breasts one last squeeze. My bare legs were crossed, which had caused my mini skirt to ride all the way up my thighs. An expanse of tanned thigh was clearly visible as I uncrossed and crossed my legs, allowing a teasing glimpse of my shaved pussy, replicating Sharon Stones movements in Basic Instinct. He was standing directly in front of me, staring at my erotic display.
I could see him swallow hard as his cheeks flushed with arousal.
I grinned salaciously at the photographer, knowing full well I was in control of this situation and could lead this in any direction I chose.
"Would you mind if I snapped a few photo's of you sitting at the bar?" He enquired in a very gentlemanly manner.
"I'd be delighted!" I smiled, placing my drink on the bar counter. I eased forward on the stool, placing my right elbow on the bar with my left arm placed just below my large full breasts, pushing them upward, displaying an ample amount of cleavage. I quarter turned on my stool, narrowing my waist for the photo, crossing my right leg over my left.
He placed his camera to his eye and began clicking away. I moved my head slightly to ensure no two pics would be the same. My smile was sultry as I stared into the camera lens.
"You're an absolute natural at this!" He exclaimed rather excitedly, blissfully unaware that this was not my first photo session.
"This is not my first rodeo!" I smiled, uncrossing my legs slowly and placing my high heeled feet on the bar stool foot rest.
He moved directly in front of me, clicking his lens shutter as I smiled seductively. I placed my right hand on my waist and thrust my breasts forward.
"Oh my god!" He whispered, causing me to lightly giggle at his apparent shock. I eased my knees open, forcing my tight mini skirt to ride all the way up. My smooth pussy was now fully on display as I opened my legs wide.
"Did I not pose as you wished?" I smiled in a mocking tone.
"You could never pose incorrectly!" He confidently grinned.
I adjusted my buttocks on the stool, slowly raising my legs and opened them wider, giving my pussy to the camera as I smiled arrogantly. His hands visibly shook as he continued clicking away.
"Is this pose ok for you?" I teased, ensuring my puffed up smooth pussylips were evident.
He zoomed the camera lens onto my pussy. I could clearly see the bulge in his trousers as I played along willingly and ran the index finger of my left hand up and down my wet slit. My wedding ring was clearly visible as my fingers softly stroked the fleshy lips of my shaved pussy.
My pussylips quivered as my finger gently moved between my erogenous flesh. With my right hand I unbuttoned a few buttons on my faux leather waistcoat, relieving my huge breasts from their constraints. My nipples were poking over the top of the waistcoat, standing erect and jutting forward. The sexual butterflies in my stomach were fluttering elegantly as my stage of arousal intensified.
"Fuck me!" He uttered under his breath, looking incredibly flustered and aroused.
"Well if you insist!" I giggled, sliding my finger inside my pussy, never taking my eyes off the camera lens, as the squelching sound from my pussy reverberated around the room.
Taking things even further, I placed the index finger of both hands deep inside my pussy and held my tight opening wide for my young photographer to capture. The camera clicked continuously, capturing my pink wetness as I looked up at him and said in a very husky tone.
"Do you like what you see?"
He nodded his head obediently, still clicking away on his camera.
"Do you think it will taste as good as it looks?" I purred, stretching my pussylips, presenting my wet pink hole to the camera.
He placed the camera on the bar counter and stood directly between my opened legs. He licked his right middle finger and placed the wet digit at my pulsating opening. I moaned out loud as he eased his large finger inside me, rubbing his thumb on my tingling clitoris. I removed my fingers from my pussy, giving total access to him alone.
My hips rocked slowly as I enjoyed the rhythmic movement of his finger inside my cunt.
I lifted my head up to his and offered my open mouth to him. His lips softly grazed mine as our tongues slowly danced with each other. My breathing was quickening as I moaned softly into his mouth. His finger began to increase the momentum as he pushed deeper inside my pussy, hooking the tip of his finger to the front walls of my cunt. He was searching for my Gspot and hit the target on his first attempt. His finger began to oscillate frantically, causing my eyes to roll as the pressure of his digit intensified on my Gspot. I could feel the beginning of a sensational orgasm shudder through my pussy. I knew full well that this would culminate in a gushing orgasm and found myself moaning out loud.
"You're going to make me squirt!" I squealed with delight.
His hand became a blur as his mission was now to ensure that I squirted.
"Can I taste it?" He asked politely.
"Fuck yes!" I panted as the first gush of female ejaculation squirted from my pussy.
His mouth planted on my pussy as the second gush burst into his mouth. My legs were wrapped around his head as my third squirt invaded his oral cavity. Removing his finger, he began to kiss my pussy as though he was kissing my lips. The sexual sensation was absolutely divine as he began to gently suck on my swollen clitoris. His tongue rolled around my over sensitive clitoris then parted my wet swollen pussylips. My calves were resting on his shoulders, when he snaked his tongue down to my asshole. The tip of his tongue gently circled my rosebud as a new wave of sexual pleasure surged through me. I felt the tip of his tongue push gently at my asshole then slowly wriggle inside my sphincter. I had an oral sexpert between my legs, pleasuring both of my holes. I unbuttoned my waistcoat completely, feeling my large firm breasts break free from their constraints. His hands move to my unfettered breasts and began to tantalise my erect nipples.
"Let me suck your cock please!" I said subserviently.
Lifting his mouth from my asshole he whispered.
"Only if you get naked!"
I removed my waistcoat completely then stood before him as I unzipped my skirt, letting it fall to the floor around my ankles, revealing my naked body to him. He masterfully unzipped his trousers and pulled out a very impressive rock hard cock. I knelt down in front of him, taking a hold of his rampant erection at the base and began to gently lick and kiss his granite hard shaft.
My eyes maintained contact with his as I skilfully ran my tongue around the swollen purple head of his erect cock. His pupils visibly dilated as my tongue worked its sexual magic on his rigid cock. I placed the head of his cock inside my mouth and stretched my lips around his swollen shaft. Sliding my lips up and down the length as my tongue rubbed around the sensitive flesh of his erogenous bell end. The musky manly smell of his cock was stimulating my nasal passage, as his cock throbbed inside my willing mouth. I held his full balls with my left hand, allowing my taloned fingers to stroke and arouse the thin flesh of his testes. He groaned approvingly as I placed his cock on my tongue and began to swallow his entire length. I felt the head of his cock hit the back of my throat as I swallowed gently, allowing the head of his cock to slide beyond my gag point. His cock was now deep inside my throat, hugged tightly by the warm membrane of my throat.
I saw the flash of his camera light up the room as he took a photograph of me with his cock deep in my mouth. His soft downy pubes were brushing my lips, so deep was his cock. I slid my tongue underneath his shaft and gently ran the tip toward his balls. He groaned even louder at this as the tip of my tongue became visible to him. Still holding his balls with my left hand, I slid my right hand between his legs and gently stroked my nails around the puckered flesh off his arsehole. His eyebrows raised with delight as I gently slipped the tip of a finger into his asshole, gently scraping the excited flesh as I continued to suck his cock.
"You'll have me coming at this rate!" He snarled through gritted teeth.
I removed his cock from my mouth, holding the huge erection at the base, I looked up at him and smiled.
"Not until this thing has been inside my tight holes!" I grinned, emphasising the phrase tight holes, ensuring he was well aware that my pussy and ass were his to fuck.
I stood before him with my firm naked breasts pushing in to his shirted chest.
"Fuck me!" I whispered before grazing my cock scented lips across his own.
His full lips devoured mine hungrily. His tongue exploring my mouth in a snake like fashion as his teeth gently nibbled and chewed the flesh of my lips. I was hungry for satisfaction as my right hand held his engorged rock hard cock. He eased me back on to the bar stool, standing between my wide open legs. His cock was nuzzling at the opening of my pussy as my pussylips gently kissed the domed head of his cock. I inched forward slightly as I felt his cock slide effortlessly into my wanton pussy.
Here I was once more with a new cock sliding in and out of my tight pussy. I kissed my photographer and began to thrust my married pussy toward his invading cock. My hip rotations excited my lover as my tight pussy milked his cock. His thrusts were long and slow, enjoying every inch of his hot throbbing flesh, sliding in and out of my married cunt.
I wrapped my arms around his neck, pulling him closer to me until his chest was pressed against my naked breasts. My legs wrapped around his waist, my high heeled shoes rating on his young firm buttocks, as they rose and fell, pushing his cock deep inside my unfaithful cunt.
His lips kissed mine, gently at first, then with each thrust of his cock his passion intensified.
His tongue was snaking its way inside my mouth, exciting my own tongue into action, as he fucked me with forceful deep thrusts.
His hands were now squeezing the firm flesh of my naked breasts, gently tweaking the erect flesh of my aroused nipples. He twisted the erect nipples with just enough pressure to admonish an equal amount of pain and pleasure to maintain the perfect erotic balance.
"I'm going to come!" He snarled through gritted teeth.
"Spunk on my face!" I panted "Cover me in your spunk!"
Two strong deep thrusts ensued then he skilfully withdrew his rampant cock, pointing the slit of his blood engorged dome at my flushed face. My mouth was already open, panting orgasmically as a huge strand of thick creamy cum splashed on my cheeks and lips. He groaned throatily as a wave of spurts spewed from his exploding cock. I placed my tongue at the underside of his domed head and felt the pulsating spasms as his cock continued to empty his pleasure down my throat. As his orgasm waned, I slowly licked and kissed his deflating cock. Ensuring every drop of cum that he had expelled was being lapped up and swallowed as expected by a cheating hotwife.
Even with his semi erect cock in my cock, he could clearly see the look of sexual satisfaction I was exuding.
"Maybe I should put a little sexy outfit on for you and we could continue?" I smiled.
With a look of exasperated shock, my photographer looked down at my spunk tarnished face and smiled a broad smile of accomplishment. I moved the fingers of my left hand around my cum splattered cheeks, twirling my taloned fingers through his orgasmic residue, ensuring every rope strand of male orgasm was scooped into my hand.
My wedding ring was coated in his emptied load, which would have thrilled my husband if he were present, seeing my marital band gleaming with spunk of another man. I held the fingertips above my opened mouth and began to lick and suck all of his salty sex gift off my hand.
Moaning with pleasure, I swallowed every last drop and giggled as his eyes widened, studying my erotic actions in a state of suspended belief.
"I could rush over to my next job, then come back here if that's ok with you?" He enquired almost apologetically, staring at me as I licked the last remnants of his orgasm off my lips.
"Not a problem. That will give me time to clean up and put something sexy on!" I smiled affectionately "Is there anything you would prefer as I do have an extensive sexual wardrobe?" I said with my head slightly tilted.
Smiling wickedly he stated.
"I've always wanted to fuck a woman who wore thigh length boots!" He grinned.
"They were always my outfit of choice when I used to be a stripper!" I smiled confidently "Black leather or PVC? Which is your preference?" I enquired, with just a trace of arrogant smugness.
"Surprise me!" He smiled "But make sure those perfect tits and that magnificent shaved pussy remain uncovered!" He winked cheekily, as his confidence returned.
"I'll have the boots, a waist cincher of some kind and some long opera gloves adorning my body for your return!" I smiled "And you can take another batch of photographs with possibly some video footage of you fucking me, for my husband to enjoy viewing this evening!"
Startled he swallowed harshly and stammered.
"Your husband will watch?" He asked in a shocked tone.
"He'll be quite jealous that he missed watching you fuck me in the flesh!" I smiled as I ran my left index finger along my shaved slit.
"I'll dash to my next job and will be back here in just over an hour!" He smiled, his right hand softly stroking my naked left breast.
"I'll be ready for you!" I grinned salaciously "And I want fucked in my marital bed!"
Handing him my phone, I held his semi erect penis at the base and flicked my tongue along the the warm smooth shaft.
"Take a pic of this so I can send it to my husband and show him how naughty I have been today!" I smiled, looking up at him, then placed his cock inside my lips, wrapping them gently around his shaft as he clicked away on my iPhone. I could feel his cock growing hard in my mouth as I teasingly swirled the tip of my tongue around his blood engorged glans.
"Fuck!" He snarled "I'll be back as quick as possible!" He continued as I removed his erect cock from my lips.
"Hurry back honey!" I smiled, as he attempted to fold his hard cock back inside his trousers.
"I have some serious plans to use your cock!"
"See you in about an hour!" He smiled as he dashed out of the room and scuttled down the stairs and out of the front door.
As the noise from the door closing echoed in the hallway, I picked up my phone to review the pics of my unfaithful cock sucking. I clicked on the pic and sent it in a message to my husband with the following text.
"I've been enjoying this new cock earlier. Very exciting. I'm now going to throw something slutty on and get all of my holes fucked by this cock. There should be something tasty for you to enjoy when you come home. Shall I record my slut antics for you to watch later?"
Pleased with my message, I sent the pic and text onward to my husband. I climbed off the bar stool and headed toward my bedroom to change into my hotwife slut outfit and make myself presentable for my latest cock. As I walked into the bedroom my phone rang, showing my husbands name on the screen.
"Hello there!" I said giggling seductively.
"Do I know the owner of the hard cock in your mouth?" My husband drawled.
"It's the photographer for our house sale!" I said smugly "He's coming back in about an hour."
"So you've already enjoyed the pleasure of his cock?" Hubby enquired.
"Oh fuck yes!" I giggled "He took a few pics of me and I teased him relentlessly!"
"Poor guy!" Hubby laughed "But at least he got to empty himself on your face!" He stated.
"He'll be doing a lot more than that soon, plus he asked if I'd wear some thigh length boots for him!" I said teasing my husband who also has a penchant for thigh length boots.
"He doesn't't know it yet but I'm going to let him fuck me in the ass!"
"Well this you will have to record and show me later!" Hubby said with just a quiver of nervousness in his voice.
"Shall I straddle your cock when you get home and give you a running commentary as you watch how he fucked me in my boots?" I asked with a subservient tone.
"You know I love that!" Hubby declared.
"Then I'll keep my outfit on when you get home and I'll climb on your cock and tell you all about my day. I won't even clean up all of his spunk!" I said seductively then hung up before he could reply.
I dressed in the boots, then sat at my dressing table as I retouched my hair and make up. I opened one of my lingerie drawers and took out a shiny black leather effect waspie with garter straps attached. Fastening the waist cinching waspie I looked at my reflection, drinking in the image of my shaved pussy framed by the soft black wet look leather of my thigh length boots and Parisienne style waspie. I took a pair of long black silky opera gloves from my drawer. And slid them over my hands and arms. My choice of look was both distinctly kinky and fervently erotic. Arrogantly I was pleased with the look I had manufactured and could feel the sexual butterflies stirring inside me in anticipation of my forthcoming unfaithful antics.
I walked through to our entertainment room and poured myself a tall glass of Vodka and Coke with two ice cubes. I walked with my drink back to my bedroom and took two vibrators from my bedside cabinet. My purple rampant rabbit along with my Lex ten inch black replica cock. I placed a tube of lube and a bottle of baby oil beside the toys and returned to the entertaining room to wait for the arrival of my surrogate cock. Taking a large gulp of my Vodka, I picked up my Menthol Vape and took a couple of long slow draws. My sexual butterflies were increasing at the prospect of being photographed and videos wearing my slut outfit whilst a hard young cock slides in and out of all of my tight hot holes. The photographer had a good sized cock and decent body and after our earlier sexual athletics, his staying power will be far greater, hopefully giving me numerous orgasms and with any luck a few squirting experiences along the way.
Sitting on the high barstool, my shaved slit was pressed against the soft leather of cushioned seat. I slid my pussy just an inch or two, rubbing it along the sensuous leather. Electronic sexual pulses surged through my pussy as I began to slowly slide back and forth on the leather stool. My labia Began to open like a flower looking for sunshine, as the tingling sensation of the leather stool excited my pussy. I was disturbed momentarily by the sound of the doorbell. I glanced out of the window to thankfully find my photographer friend standing on my doorstep. Climbing off the stool, I walked to the landing then began to sultrily climb down the stairs. On reaching the hallway I walked to the front door, my high heeled boots clicking on the tiled floor.
I opened the door slowly, revealing my leather clad body to my photographer friend.
"Fucking hell!" He said under his breath as I smiled seductively at him.
His eyes moved up and down my body, as a lusty look overtook him. His frame thankfully hid my nakedness from any passers by as he stepped into my hallway. His right palm covered my shaved slit as his left hand cupped my right breast, holding to his open mouth as his lips covered my erect nipple and began to gently suck my aroused flesh. The door closed behind him as his index finger separated my pussylips and slid inside my tight wet pussy. A deep moan echoed from my mouth as his finger began to swirl inside me erotically. My hips began to slowly respond to his invading finger as my breathing began to quicken.
"Finger my pussy and ass as we walk upstairs!" I said huskily, still gyrating sexily on his speed driven finger.
I turned away from him with his finger still inside me, working its sexual magic as I began to climb the stairs. My hips gently gyrated as I began to sashay my way upstairs.
His left hand cupped my firm buttock and began to knead the flesh, sending sensual tingles up and down my spine. His touch was firm yet soft enough to be described as a caress. He pulled my left buttock away from my right, exposing my puckered asshole to lust filled eyes. Without any prompting he spat directly onto my asshole as I stopped on the stairs to enjoy his alpha dominance. His left index finger gently stroked the excited flesh of my saliva coated asshole.
The tickling tingling sensation increased as the tip of his finger pushed delicately into my asshole.
I let out a gentle moan showing my appreciation of his sexual expertise as his finger slid deeper inside my asshole.
"Keep walking!" He said in a firm tone, assuring me of his male dominance.
I began to slowly walk up the stairs with a finger in my asshole and a finger in my pussy. My walk was slow and deliberate, my hips moving from side to side, enjoying the penetrating sexual fervour his investigating fingers were producing. As I reached the final stair, I stopped walking and felt his fingers push deeper inside my sexual holes, feeling the sexual pressure increase as I arched my back, pushing my ass and pussy toward his masterful fingers. He began to increase the speed and intensity of his delicious fingering as the first wave of orgasm rushed through me. I began to moan and pant uncontrollably as my orgasm took over.
"Oh fuck that's good!" I throatily moaned as his fingers continued their onslaught on my unfaithful married holes. My knees were trembling as the orgasm surged through me.
"Take me into my marital bed and fuck all of my holes!" I panted.
He removed his fingers from my holes as I stood at the top of the stairs, panting and moaning as he cupped my breasts from behind and softly began to nibble the nape of neck. This is most definitely one of my highly erogenous zones, as his teeth and lips nibbled the flesh of my neck then throat. His hands gently squeezed my full breasts, as his fingers deftly teased my erect nipples.
I turned my head back toward his as his soft lips brushed against my open mouth. Our tongues entwined as his lips closed over mine. A deep passionate kiss ensued before we moved toward my bedroom.
"Remember I will be recording this for my husband!" I smiled.
"As long as I can have a copy!" He said with a huge proud grin slapped across his face.
Placing my gloved hand over the crotch of his trousers, I squeezed his rampant cock and smiled.
"Of course you can have a copy and possibly over the weekend you can come over and do a live show for my husband!" I smiled as he leant forward and kissed me passionately once more.