Some time after the visit I detailed in my story, 'The Second Time' and before, 'Beyond the Second Time,' David called to invite Ellen and me to join them and two male friends for a Friday afternoon of sexual fun. We had become firm friends with David and Gloria and had had many good times with them. Ellen was excited about the prospect of adding to the mix and I loved watching her with other men so we eagerly accepted.
"Put the speaker phone on, there's something else you should both hear," David said and continued. "Gloria and I are members at a sex club, it's an upscale place called, 'Arouse,' we think you are ready to join and would like to be your sponsors. The last Friday of every month is for married couples only and features something different. Knowing your tastes we feel you will both be interested. The owner/operators of the club are a couple named Remy and Britt, really nice people, with an interest in charities. They developed an auction to raise money while also having a good time. Wives are auctioned off to the highest bidder or bidders in what is called, 'Midnight Market'. It's light-hearted, a lot fun and very horny.
Over the seven years since its introduction charities have benefitted to the tune of thousands, all given anonymously to avoid any controversy from the anal retentive and narrow-minded. There's more to it but I don't want to give everything away. Arrive at our place around two; we'll have about three hours with Guy and Josh then after they leave its dinner and on to the club. What do you think?" I looked at Ellen who was smiling and nodding enthusiastically so I told David we would see them at two on Friday afternoon and looked forward to the club. "Oh, I almost forgot; its cash only so make sure to bring a few bills, you wouldn't want to miss a bargain." Gloria wanted to talk to Ellen so I turned off the speaker phone and left them to chat.
The wipers slapped rain from the windshield as Ellen and I drove to David and Gloria's. Harry Chapin drove his 'Taxi' around Frisco on the radio and I recalled when I'd first heard the song so many years before. I thought again how tragic it was that he died so young, much like Buddy Holly, John Lennon and others and wondered what great music/stories he never got to tell us.
Ellen unbuttoned her raincoat and I glanced across at the generous expanse of stocking-clad leg she had exposed. We rarely had sex where she was naked except for the shower or hot tub. She loved to dress in erotic clothing and lingerie and I loved to see her that way. The outfit she was wearing was one of my favourites; a white, silk blouse and a very short, tight, black skirt. Underneath, a half-cup bra forced her breasts against the silk, hardening her nipples and I could guarantee that the sliver of a thong was already damp. A garter belt held up her black nylons and stiletto heels completed her horny ensemble. I reached across and caressed her knees, she turned briefly towards me, smiled and opened her legs as far as the tight skirt would allow. My hand meandered to the top of her stockings and I felt the softness of her naked inner thighs. When I reached her thong it was indeed damp and she sighed with pleasure when I rubbed her there.
The rain had slackened by the time we arrived at David and Gloria's and before getting out of the car I leaned over and kissed Ellen. I fondled her erect nipples and pussy that was super wet and she rubbed my hard cock through my pants.
"You make me so horny when you dress like this," I said. "Whatever Gloria told you over the phone sure has made you horny, what did she tell you?"
"Afternoon sex followed by an evening at a sex club, what girl wouldn't be excited," she giggled in a girlish way and opened the car door. Before she got out she turned back to me, "Dressing like this for you makes me very horny also, I hope the others like it."
"I don't think there's much fear of that, you look fantastic."
David took our coats and led through to the family room where Gloria sat chatting between two men who looked no older than 30 and were probably younger. Ellen blushed as David introduced Guy and Josh, no doubt self conscious being dressed the way she was in front of these men younger than our own sons. I gave David a piercing stare and he asked me to help him get drinks and we went off to the kitchen.
"I know," he began, "they're young, it's one of Gloria's little indulgences but I'm sure Ellen and you won't be disappointed. Both are well hung and know how to use what they've got. Unlike us old farts, they can stay rock hard for hours and with ladies like ours, who like a lot of cock, they do present certain advantages."
"I wondered why Ellen has been so horny; it's the prospect of being screwed by a couple of hot, young studs," I replied.
"Just enjoy it, you like to watch her having sex and these boys can really lay the pipe to her," David said with a grin and we headed back to the family room with the refreshments.
Ellen sat in a chair opposite Gloria and the two men with her legs crossed. Her skirt had ridden up exposing her stocking tops and garter straps and judging by the leers, the lads liked what they saw. I sat on the arm of Ellen's chair and after a few minutes Gloria got to her feet and approached me.
"I need your expertise," she announced. "My computer is awfully slow; could you take a quick look at it? I'll slip into something a little more comfortable while you're doing it, I'm sure Ellen won't mind being alone with three men."
My wife blushed again and I followed Gloria upstairs to her home office. She went to change and I fired up the computer. I quickly found the problem and ran a few more checks before Gloria joined me and stood at my shoulder. She was wearing what amounted to a length of leather strap. It wound around her big tits and on either side of her pussy leaving everything nicely exposed. Attached garters kept the fishnet stockings in place and the bright red stilettos were an instant turn-on for me. I finished my checks and moved a hand over her ass, caressing and squeezing the soft mounds of flesh.
"Ellen is really looking forward to tonight. We spoke in the week and she said she had been thinking about my two young studs constantly," Gloria said as she bent over and unzipped my pants.
"Funny, I've never thought of her being a cougar before but now I've had time to think about it I'm quite excited about seeing her getting fucked by your young bucks."
"I can see you are," she said as she took out my fully erect cock and began to gently jerk it. She knelt down, "Oh my, you are excited," she sighed and her mouth slid over my cock. I pushed her hair back and held her head with both hands watching her mouth and tongue work over my dick and balls. She straddled my lap, facing me, and rubbed her wet pussy back and forth over my erection while out tongues probed each others mouths.
"Your computer's back up to speed, let's go back downstairs and join the others before I shoot my load," I said.
Gloria reluctantly slid off my lap and played with my cock as I shut the computer down then we made our way downstairs. A very erotic site greeted us when we walked into the family room. Ellen was sitting on the couch between Guy and Josh, their pants around their ankles, and was jerking their large and very erect penises. David stood naked on the couch between her legs that were spread wide and resting over the young men's legs. He held her head and his hips thrust back and forth feeding his big cock into her mouth. Her blouse was undone almost all the way and her skirt was up around her waist. The young men alternated mauling her tits and fingering her pussy.
"Well, they didn't waste any time," Gloria commented with a laugh, "let's get you out of your clothes."
She helped me undress then knelt and sucked my dick while I watched my wife servicing the three men. I noticed how her hands danced up and down the big erections, squeezing, rubbing and jerking. She cupped their balls and gently massaged them before moving back up the shafts to caress the underside of their knobs and tease their piss holes with her thumb and forefinger. They were incredibly hard, thick and long and I realised I had been hasty in taking a negative view of their age. I was now eager to see Ellen fucked by these young men, I wanted to watch them have their way with her and pound into her mature, wet pussy and bring her to orgasm.
Guy and Josh both had fingers between Ellen's legs, alternating probing her pussy and exciting her clit. The transferred their cream-covered digits into her mouth on either side of David's cock and she sucked greedily. David then stepped down and pulled Ellen forward onto the edge of the couch and his tongue found her clit. The two young men stood and removed the rest of their clothing. Their cocks jutted out at a forty-five degree angle and looked rock hard. They climbed onto the couch on either side of Ellen and steered their cocks into her mouth. Gloria got on her hands and knees and I entered her from behind just as my wife gagged through her first orgasm. David stood and lifted Ellen's legs back; his huge cock hovered over her pussy for a moment then sank into her. From her position, Gloria had a perfect view of her husband's cock ramming into my wife and I soon felt the hot gush of her orgasm flood over my erection as she moaned and forced herself back against me. We changed positions, Gloria lay on her back and Josh straddled her face and she eagerly sucked his dick. He leaned forward between Ellen's legs as Guy mounted Gloria and David and I sat on either side of Ellen. David and I mauled my wife's tits and alternated kissing her while she fondled our erections. Josh adjusted Ellen's ass a little to enable me to see as he spread her labia apart with his thumbs and exposed her erect clitoris. He extended his tongue and I watched as it teased and tormented her to a noisy climax. Gloria moaned, "Yes, oh god yes," constantly as Guy slammed into her.
Suddenly Ellen panted, "I want to go upstairs, I want to be fucked on the bed."
We disentangled and made our way to the bedroom. Gloria lay back and Guy immediately climbed on top of her. Ellen removed her blouse and wriggled out of her skirt and lay next to Gloria spreading her legs ready for Josh to mount her. For the next hour or so David and I watched and photographed our wives with these two young men as they screwed in many positions and combinations. Guy shot a copious load of thick cum over Ellen's pussy as she spread it open for him. He rubbed his cock through it and entered her again fucking for another fifteen minutes before he was spent. Josh splashed his load onto Gloria's tits and into her mouth then she sucked every last drop from his softening erection.
Guy and Josh left just before five and we freshened up before going out to dinner. On the way to the restaurant we passed the cameras around to look at the photographs, "I could certainly go for some more of that real soon," Ellen said, "my pussy is still tingling."
"I knew you would enjoy it, their cocks are so hard and they fuck like the Eveready Bunny, they just keep going and going," Gloria joked.
We had a nice meal then went on to the club. Ellen and I had never been to a sex club before and were not sure what to expect. We became members through David and Gloria's sponsorship then Ellen went with Gloria to the women's locker room and I went with David to the men's. It was compulsory for men to be naked, women could wear lingerie and other erotic attire providing their breasts, bottoms and pussies were exposed. I felt self conscious as I left the locker room but soon adjusted since everyone else was naked or near-naked and many of the men had strong erections.
The main floor area had a well-stocked bar, large booths, coffee tables surrounded by easy chairs and a dance floor. The lighting was subdued and the slow, moody music had several couples dancing and fondling. Outlines of couples in various sexual positions hung on the walls. I was surprised that the age range of the couples appeared to be from the early twenties to mid sixties. Most were white but I did see two black couples and an oriental couple. We found a booth and a scantily-clad young lady took our drinks order. The drinks arrived and I scanned the room. Things were heating up on the dance floor; several ladies slowly masturbated their partner's cocks as they moved around sensually. David pointed to a couple to my right in the easy chairs; the woman's legs were splayed over the arms of her chair and the man was finger fucking her rapidly. Her moans grew louder until she climaxed noisily to the approval of those nearby who cheered and applauded. Ellen's hand moved over my crotch and rubbed my already-aroused dick. My hand found her pussy and teased her clit and we masturbated each other as we watched the sexual goings on about us and were also being watched. David and Gloria were not to be left behind and soon she was sucking on his stiff cock. Two young couples came over to our booth and stood watching us. The ladies gave us seductive stares as they jerked their men and were fondled in return. The speed of Ellen's hand on my erection increased, she was obviously turned-on by what she was seeing around her. Gloria stopped blowing David, spread her legs and exposed her pussy to the audience. David quickly inserted some fingers and we watched one another for several minutes.
I was becoming very aroused by all this foreplay and heard myself saying, "Why don't you join us for a while."
With four on each side of the table, female, male, female, male we still had room to move and soon we were exploring one another. The slim, dark-haired young lady next to me teased my dick in a delicious way with her delicate hand, gently squeezing, twisting and caressing that had me as hard as I could be. After roaming over her tits and pinching her erect nipples my hand wandered between her legs. Her labia lips and clitoris were huge and I had to summon all of my will power not to cum all over her hand as I pulled, flicked, rubbed and probed her. Ellen's hand was wrapped around a sizeably, uncut dick with a large knob while its owner worked on her pussy as their tongues fought a duel. David's new friend, a very young-looking red-haired lady, was very interested in his big cock and used both hands to fondle it and his nuts as he played with her crotch. After masturbating each other, Gloria sat on her partner's lap with her hands planted on the table and wriggled onto his cock. She shuddered quickly to a climax as she stared at my side of the table and the man withdrew.
"We get off on older people," my slim friend said with a smile as they prepared to leave, "hope to see you upstairs later, I'm Lisa."
"What did she mean?" I asked David when they were gone.
"The auction takes place in a special room upstairs. If she's for auction you'll be able to bid on her."
The thought of exploring that pussy further with my fingers, mouth and dick did nothing to ease my raging hard-on.
We ordered another round, swapped partners and fondled on the dance floor until an announcement informed that all ladies wanting to be in the auction should proceed upstairs. I looked at my watch and it was twenty minutes past eleven. Our wives looked at us then each other and made their way across the dance floor to the stairs.
"I thought it didn't start until midnight," I queried David.
"Ah, that's one of the things I didn't tell you. Before the auction every potential bidder gets a chance to check out the merchandise on sale in the 'Gallery.'
"The Gallery?"
"You'll see, just enough time for a drink, my round."
The JD slow-burned its way down to my stomach with a delicate blend of pleasure and discomfort and before I could order a repeat the PA system alerted us that the Gallery was open for. At the top of the stairs I turned left into a large room and followed the crowd. In the centre of the room a purpose-built, rectangular piece of furniture displayed the ladies either lying down with their legs spread wide or on their hand and knees with their asses high in the air. The piece was moulded to offer comfort and optimum views of the merchandise and designed so that one position alternated with the other on three sides. Clever use of different coloured lighting provided very seductive presentations. A walkway ran around the three sides and by the time David and I arrived the crowd had spread out and were sampling with hands and mouths.
"We see what's on offer here in the Gallery then exit on the other side into the Market for the auction,' David mouthed in my ear.
Like those around us we looked at and felt the asses and pussies of the first few women then I lost David in the throng of bodies. The atmosphere was sexually charged, all around me naked men with erections and sexily-dressed women fondled one another and those on display. Cries and moans came from all directions as the attentions of many fingers and tongues had their effect on the women who would later be auctioned off. My cock was very hard and I was excited to see if Lisa was on display and, of course, to see Gloria and Ellen. I wandered slowly down the aisle looking at every woman and sampling most. I turned the corner at the end of the first aisle and found Lisa half way down. She was on her hands and knees, her large labia and clitoris unmistakable. I caressed the cheeks of her ass then pulled her hanging labia apart with both hands. The soft, wet pink of her vagina, even though highly aroused, looked tight and inviting. I rubbed her swollen clit between my thumb and forefinger and she responded immediately by gyrating her hips and moaning with a low, guttural, "Ohhh, yes." I probed her tight pussy and wanted very much for my cock to be in there. She turned and looked at me, smiled and said, "Bid for me." All I could manage was a nod and felt my erection throb as blood surged violently through it.
I went to move on and bumped into a lady ahead of me. My very hard dick squashed against her soft, fleshy butt. I stepped back immediately feeling embarrassed despite the sexual activity that was all around me and blurted an apology. She turned, gave me a broad smile and looked down at my erection. "That's alright," she said and took hold of my cock and jerked it a few times. "Someone's going to enjoy this tonight," she whispered moving a little closer then winked and then moved on.
Gloria lay on her back four places down from Lisa. I heard her before I saw her and ceased my exploration of a pussy surrounded with jet black hair. The oriental couple were the cause of Gloria's cries. The male, about thirty-five and slim held Gloria's pussy lips apart while his wife, a delicate, very attractive twenty something tongued her vagina and clit. From time to time they smiled at one another and spoke in Chinese and seemed very happy with their find. I had seen Gloria fucked by a black man and I wondered if tonight a Chinese cock would enjoy her very receptive body.
I almost missed Ellen three places further along since she almost hidden by the two black couples. I was preoccupied leering at the women's well-rounded asses and large, jet-black areoles and nipples when I heard Ellen moan. I nudged closer, careful not to cause further embarrassment with my cock, which was throbbing almost uncomfortably, and saw my wife's lovely ass cheeks wet with saliva. The black women fondled their men's very large erections and played with Ellen's gaping pussy as she wriggled and moaned.
"She likes big black dick," I said.
"Is this your lady?" one of the men said and I nodded. "You're one lucky man, that's a fine ass and pussy; she may just get some tonight."
"I hope she does, I love to watch her get fucked by black cock."
Hearing me, Ellen moaned, "Yes, oh yes."
One of the black women grabbed my erection, "You're a real horny couple, maybe we can get together later," she said as she gently rubbed and squeezed my cock.
"We'd like that," I replied, more excited than ever at the prospects.
They smiled in agreement and moved on and I had Ellen to myself for a few moments. I fondled her and asked if she was having a good time.
"There's been so many fingers...so many tongues; I've lost count of the orgasms. I'm so horny. I'm ready to be fucked now," she gasped anxiously.
"I know; I'm more than ready also, wish we have known about this place long ago."
She turned and looked at my cock, "Oh, it looks so hard; I wish you could fuck me right now."
The people behind me edged closer and I moved on to the next woman. A man fingered Ellen then bent his head down and she began moaning again.
I sampled the last three ladies then went through to the auction room where I was given a numbered bidding paddle and met up with David. His big cock was fully erect and he gave a broad smile when he saw my hard dick bouncing as I walked towards him.
"I told you this was a horny place; let's go find a couple of good seats."
It was a huge room with a central aisle. At the far end a stage rose with a runway extending from it as used in fashion shows with seating on either side. A set of stairs led off the end of the runway onto the aisle. On both sides of the aisle there were cushioned platforms of different sizes, shapes and heights where successful bidders would take their prize or prizes.
After about ten minutes a couple in their mid-forties came out onto the stage. He was blonde, muscular and very naked. His huge endowment hung limp between his legs. The woman, also blonde, was shapely and well-toned, her more than ample bosom spilled out over the cupless corset. Stockings and very high heels completed her outfit and she looked very tempting. Through the applause David told me they were Remy and Britt.
After welcoming us and briefly explaining how the auction would be conducted the first lady made her appearance. She was a tall, dark-haired beauty who told Remy and Britt her name was Angela. Britt fondled her while Remy pointed out to the audience the desirability of bidding for Angela and he moved her hand onto his thick, long shaft. It stiffened quickly and when he was fully erect she was sent on her way down the runway and Britt attended to her husband's cock. Angela attracted several bid and finally went to a couple who met her at the bottom of the stairs who led her to the cushioned area. Bidding continued and the next four women were led off to be fucked by singles and couples. Every woman coming on stage was encouraged to fondle Remy's cock; it looked massive and club-like as it jutted out from his body. Gloria came out next and needed no invitation to feel Remy's generous endowment. While she jerked his big dick Britt informed the crowd how wet and inviting her pussy felt. The bidding was brisk but she finally went to the oriental couple who had shown so much interest in her in the Gallery. Next up was a very attractive woman with large breasts, a slim waist and a lovely behind. Britt had her bend over and display it and I considered bidding but Lisa and her pussy still held a greater desire in me. Remy remarked on her beautiful backside and slid his hand over her pussy. "She's very wet; do you think I should test it?" he asked the crowd. A cheer rose up and he steered his huge erection into her and pumped back and forth for a minute before she sashayed down the runway and finally went for a, "matched bid." When the top bid is made it can be matched by other bidders who then share their prize. In this instance she went to the cushions with a couple and a male.
David bid and won the auction for a 30ish raven-haired lady with a slender but superb figure. Her delicate features matched the gentle flow of her body and David was fully erect when he collected her at the bottom of the stairs.
After a few more auctions Ellen arrived on stage and strode down the runway. She always looked sexy in stockings and heels but as I watched her from below my cock throbbed against my stomach. When she got to the end she faced the seats on my side, spread her legs and bent over. There was noise from the other side of the runway as she displayed her ass and pussy then she turned and bent over again. Her ass was lovely and I could see her pussy lips were slightly open. A murmur of approval rose all around me then she walked back to Remy and Britt. They wasted no time in feeling her tits, ass and pussy and she latched on to Remy's giant hard-on, jerking it up and down.
"Do you want to see her bend over again? Remy shouted.
A roar from the crowd was her signal and over she went. Remy got behind her and Britt directed his cock into her. He held her ass cheeks and pounded his meat in while Britt fondled his nuts. My wife steadied herself with her hands firmly planted on the floor and Remy really gave it to her hard for about two minutes. I could see his big cock driving to the hilt and hear his thighs slapping against her bottom. He withdrew and Ellen stood between the couple, pushed her hair back from her face and the mike picked up her saying, "Phew, you really filled me, I'd like more of that."
"This is one sweet pussy," Remy cried into the tiny microphone attached to his head, "let's start the bidding."
The bids came thick and fast and Ellen paraded down the runway and bent over again. When the bidding ended Remy announced there was a "matched bid." The winners were on the other side of the runway and I couldn't see who they were until she reached the steps and was met by the two black couples. They crowded around her a headed for the cushioned area fondling her as they went and my dick twitched violently.
Lisa was next and the blood continued to pound in my dick. Remy and Britt described her long labia lips and oversized clit and showed them off for all to see although they would have been hard to miss from her position in the Gallery. The bidding was heavy but I was determined to have her and have her I did after a protracted bidding war with a couple. I met Lisa at the steps, "I'm glad you won," she said with a smile and slipped her hand around my very hard cock. I put my arm around her waist and went to find Ellen. As we walked towards the cushions I petted her ass, so sensual as it jiggled and swayed she moved. Her body was quite tanned and complimented the white, frilly garter belt, stockings and heels she wore. The dark, trimmed bush of dark pubic made her more desirable to me; she looked at once innocent and wanton.
I saw David first, on top of the girl with raven-black hair. Her legs were held back by his arms and he was pounding into at a great pace. Gloria was a few feet away on a raised area lying on her back. The oriental woman was on top of her in a sixty-nine and the man stood fucking Gloria while his wife licked pussy and cock. Lisa and I went over to take a closer look and she masturbated me while I watched Gloria's tongue work on a very wet pussy and inviting ass. The man's pace quickened, his eyes darted from us then down to his cock, Gloria's pussy and his wife then back to us. He shrieked, pulled his dick out and fired a huge load of thick sperm over his wife's face and Gloria's pussy. The wife took hold of his cock, rubbed it through the cum on her face then over the load on Gloria's wet slit and finally pushed it back in. He was still hard and continued to fuck Gloria at a steady pace while she licked pussy and ass furiously.
The black foursome were off to my left and we headed that way. They too had chosen a raised area about eight feet square. Ellen was laying on her back with her head tilted backwards, a large black cock filling her mouth. The other guy ate her pussy and the two gals mouthed her tits. Lisa watched intently as she played with my cock and balls.
"Hi again, why don't you join us, there's plenty of room," the man with his dick in my wife's mouth said and motioned to the free space.
"Thanks, I think we will," I replied and Lisa clambered up beside them. I knelt on the floor and Lisa spread her legs wide and I thoroughly explored her pussy, pulling her long labia lips with my teeth, probing her vagina and flicking her giant clit with my tongue. Her clit was super sensitive and stiffened to look like a small cock. It was exciting to arouse it and caused her to squirt during orgasm. We enjoyed a sixty-nine for a while then Lisa mounted my cock, facing away from me, and I watched the horny site of her labia caressing my erection as she bounced on top of me.
She turned around and we kissed as she continued to ride on top of me. "Have you ever been fucked by a big, black cock," I whispered in her ear.
"No."
"Would you like to try? I'm sure our friends here would oblige."
She looked over to Ellen who was on her hands and knees taking one dick in the mouth and another in her pussy then turned back to me and said, "I think I would."
I reached between the legs of one of the black women and slid two fingers inside her. She turned and smiled and I asked her to come and sit on my face. Her pussy smothered my mouth as she faced Lisa and fondled and kissed her tits. One of the black men stood beside Lisa, his huge, thick dick twitching in front of her face. The black woman held it and directed it towards Lisa who tentatively began tonguing the head, taking more into her mouth each time until she gagged. We changed positions and Lisa felt the first black cock in her pussy and I screwed the black women from behind. The black cock forced its way in and out of Lisa pulling and pushing her labia lips about in a most erotic manner. Soon I saw the cock glisten with her cream and his stokes became more deliberate and deep. She moaned uncontrollably as he slammed into her with force stimulating her big clit with every stroke until she screamed through a powerful climax. The man pulled out and exchanged places with the guy fucking Ellen. The other black lady got beside the first and alternated drilling both of them and splashed a big cum over their asses. Lisa shrieked through another orgasm as she was filled with cum and I could hear the familiar sounds of passion from Ellen.
There was something I'd always wanted to do and suggested to the man with Ellen before he shot his load. Ellen and I got into a sixty-nine and I licked and fingered her pussy for a minute or two. I then spread her labia lips and watched as the big black dick entered and fucked the shit out of her. He shot his load and withdrew and played with her cum-filled cunt and was surprised to see a massive white cock hovering just an inch or two from my wife's wet hole. It could only be Remy and I parted her lips again and he pumped another load of sperm deep inside her. Her pussy pulsated with arousal and I pushed three fingers in and brought her to another climax.
The evening ended with the black women side by side, Ellen and Lisa sitting on their faces, one black guy and me eating pussy and the other black guy sharing his dick between Ellen and Lisa.
Before we left the club we exchanged phone numbers and promised to get in touch to arrange a party and, of course, said we would see them at the club again. On the way home we chatted about what a great time it was. Ellen and I stayed overnight at David and Gloria's and after breakfast we went back to bed for a little more fun.