After eight years of marriage, Tara and I needed something to spice up our sex lives. My wife is very attractive, with a fine body. She is tall, leggy with long black hair and a large, firm pair of breasts. She certainly looks sexy but somehow things had become a little routine in the bed department. I knew that Tara was no prude so I decided that hiring some porno videos might be a good start. As it turned out, it was the beginning of something I would never have dreamed of.
One evening while we were watching a video of a cheerleader being gangbanged by a high school football team, I mentioned to my wife that the film was so old that I had actually seen the movie before at a porno theatre when I was a teenager. I don't think that I had ever talked with her about my going to watch porno movies and she seemed very interested. She asked me which theatre I had gone to, and if anything unusual ever happened there.
"Like what?" I asked.
"I don't know. Did women ever go there?"
"Women? No. None. Not when I was there anyway. It used to be full of older men and a few teenagers mainly. I used to always sit near the front because I didn't want to watch some old guy jerking off. They would always sit in the back rows and do it openly."
"Yeah, I know."
"You know, do you?" I laughed. "I suppose you've been to places like that."
"I have actually," she replied but I was sure she was joking.
"And when was this then?"
"Years ago. I was still at school."
"Oh yeah, right. They just let some schoolgirl go in on her own to a place like that."
"I wasn't on my own. I was with Jane. We were both underage but they couldn't care less."
Suddenly I wasn't so sure that Tara was joking. Jane was an old friend of hers that I had met several times. The woman was a complete slut. The first time I met her was at a party. She had sex with two different men in the toilets on the same night, neither of whom she had met before the party.
"Why did you go there then?" I asked my wife.
"Why'd you think? We wanted to see a porno film. Well, we were both a little bit stoned and as we were walking past the theatre Jane dared us both to go in. It was a movie called 'Horny Housewives' or something like that."
"What was it like?"
"Well, the first thing I saw when we walked in...I think the film had just started...there was a blonde woman...she had massive tits...she was in the kitchen of a house, dressed in a see-through night dress. There was a man in there too, wearing overalls. I guess it was some kind of workman meeting the lonely housewife scenario. Jane and I stood by the entrance watching it for a while. The man started feeling up the housewife's tits and then he bent her over the kitchen table. Then he pulled off his overalls and took out his cock. God, I remember I was really shocked when I saw it."
"Hadn't you seen one before?" I asked.
"Well, yeah I had, but only one or two, and neither of them had been that big. Actually I was still a virgin. I'd fooled around a bit, you know, with a couple of guys. I had given my boyfriend a hand job before but that was about it."
"So what did you think when you saw it?"
"Oh God, I just felt...I had this strange feeling in the pit of my stomach. I was really excited, but kind of scared too. Then I noticed that the theatre was full of men. There were no women at all. I grabbed Jane's arm and told her that I wanted to leave, but she just laughed. Then she...I don't know...I probably shouldn't tell you...I've never told anyone before..."
"Hey, don't stop now," I said. "You can tell me."
"Okay, but I just want you to know, it wasn't my fault. I don't want you to think that I used to be some kind of slut."
"Don't worry about it. Anyway, this was all years ago, before we met. Go on. Tell me what happened," I encouraged her.
"Well, Jane...she told me to follow her and that we should sit in the back row. There were plenty of empty seats nearer the front. Most of the men were sitting at the back. I could see there were only two empty seats towards the end of the back row, but it would mean that we would both have to sit next to a man. I started telling her that I wasn't going to sit there...that if we stayed then we should sit near the front. She just said that it was up to me, but that if I was a good friend then I wouldn't make her sit on her own. Then she walked over to the back row and began making her way down.
"I didn't know what else to do so I followed her. There wasn't much room between each row of seats and all the men in the back row had to stand up to let us by. We had to squeeze through them all. I turned my back to them as we went past. I didn't want them to see my face. They were pressing up against us. I could feel them, their cocks against my ass. They all seemed to have erections. One or two of them made comments, asking us to sit on their laps, telling us that we were really sexy, that kind of thing.
"I saw one of the guys ahead of me lift up Jane's skirt as she went by him. They were all looking at her panties. Oh God, that's when I got really scared. I wanted to go back. For a few moments I was just stuck there in the middle of the row, not sure which way to turn. One of the men was pressing his body against me, pushing me against the back of the seat in the next row. I kept trying to squeeze past and he just started gyrating his hips, jamming his cock deeper into my ass. I had to reach behind me with my hand to get him off. I could feel his cock through his jeans...it was rock hard...it felt really big too."
Tara suddenly reached out and placed her hand on my groin, rubbing my cock, which was already hard. Both of us had lost interest in the movie on the television screen. Tara was obviously getting very aroused as she told the story. I imagined her picturing what had happened, reliving the sensations. Her nipples were erect now, poking through her T-shirt.
"Eventually I got away from him and I moved towards the last empty seat. Jane was already sitting down and I could see her watching me. The guy who had lifted up her skirt tried the same thing on me but I grabbed the hem and held on tightly and he gave up. When I finally sat down I closed my eyes for a few seconds. My heart was beating really fast. I could feel that my panties were all wet. Oh Tony, it was so exciting.
"When I opened my eyes again I tried to concentrate on the film, but I could sense that the man next to me was staring at me. I sort of looked at him out of the corner of my eye. He kept looking me up and down, staring at my face, my tits, my legs. He had a jacket resting on his lap and I could see this movement underneath. He must have been rubbing his cock. I don't know how old he was, maybe about forty, but the way he looked at me, it just felt so dirty, you know? Dirty but really exciting.
"I looked back at the movie screen just as the workman pulled his cock out of the housewife's pussy and came all over her night dress. For a minute I thought it might be the end of the film but then there was a scene with the woman and her husband talking alone. I didn't really get what was going on. It must have been some Scandinavian film or something and it was really badly dubbed. Jane whispered to me that the man next to her kept brushing his hand against her thigh so I told her that we should leave now, but she wouldn't. She told me she was enjoying it. Then she said how much she liked the way all the men had rubbed up against her when we made our way past them.
"I couldn't believe she was so brazen about it. I knew she wasn't a virgin like me. She always told me whenever she had sex with a new man, and that happened quite often, but now I thought she must be a nymphomaniac or something. Then she said that she was going to go to the toilet and see if they would rub up against her again. I almost screamed. I grabbed hold of her arm and begged her not to leave me there, but she just ignored me. Then she stood up and made her way along the row again.
"This time she was facing them as she went past and I could see that she was smiling at them, encouraging them. They each stood up in turn as she moved along, all of them pressing themselves against her pussy. One of them even reached out a hand and squeezed one of her tits and she just smiled at him.
"As soon as she was gone I tried to ignore the stares I was getting and just watch the film. By now there was another scene with the housewife and two more workmen. She had opened the front door wearing only a towel and when they came in she let it drop to the floor so that she was naked and then the two men grab her and kiss her and start sucking her tits. Then they push her onto the sofa and start screwing her. She had one cock in her mouth, one in her cunt... God, it's funny. I remember the film as if I'd seen it only yesterday.
"So anyway, I'm sort of keeping my head down, just watching the film, when suddenly I feel a hand on my leg. It's the guy next to me. I didn't know what to do. I probably should have brushed his hand away but I didn't want him to get angry, so I pretended that I didn't notice. I thought he might stop if he thought I wasn't interested."
"He didn't stop though, did he?" I interrupted. I was becoming incredibly excited hearing about all this. I could picture it in my mind, watching my wife being groped by a complete stranger.
"No. He didn't stop. He began pulling at the hem of my skirt, lifting it higher up my thighs. Then he pushed his hand up between my legs until he could feel my panties. I should have pushed his hand away but I was...I don't know...just sort of numb. I felt ashamed because my panties were so wet and I knew that he would know that I was a bad girl... a dirty girl... a little slut."
While she had been speaking I was gently stroking her thigh. Now I moved my hand high up her skirt and felt between her legs.
"Were your panties as wet then as they are now?" I asked.
Tara nodded then leaned forward to pull her underwear down to her ankles. I knew what she wanted and I began to rub my finger along her clit. She moaned softly then carried on with her story.
"Oh Tony. That's it. Mmm. He was touching me, right there. I was looking around to see if anyone could see what he was doing to me but I don't think they noticed. Then he managed to get one of his fingers inside the elastic of my panties. I was so wet down there. His finger was slipping and sliding along my pussy. Oh Tony, I felt so horny. Then he...oh God...then he put his other hand on my breast...my nipples were hard and his fingers were rubbing against it."
"Like this?" I asked as I began to feel her tits.
"Yes, baby...that's it...like that...ooooh...he unbuttoned my blouse...the top two buttons and he reached inside and got his hand inside my bra...he was playing with my nipples...you know the way I like it...like that, yes...he still had a finger in my panties and he found my...he stuck his finger in my cunt...ohhh...he was fingering me, pushing it in and out, and then he leaned forward and he put his mouth on one of my tits and he started sucking it and...oooooh...I came...right there...with all those men around..."
Tara suddenly broke off as her body trembled in orgasm, bearing down on my fingers rubbing against her clit.
"What happened then?" I asked, my voice heavy with excitement.
Tara smiled at me as she caught her breath. Then she put her hand back on my lap and pulled on the zip of my fly to release my erection. She began to run her fingers up and down the shaft.
"He grabbed my hand and put it on his lap, underneath his jacket. His cock was out of his jeans and it was all hard."
"You touched his cock?"
"Yeah," she gave me a teasing grin. "Well, he'd just got me off, so I guess it was only fair that I should do the same for him. My boyfriend had told me that I was really good at giving hand jobs. I did it like this. Do you like that? I know he did. He spurted his sticky cum all over my fingers after just a few seconds."
I couldn't take any more of this. I roughly pulled Tara's hand away from my cock and pulled her down so that she was lying flat out on the sofa before me. I spread her legs apart and jammed my cock deep inside her wet pussy, thrusting hard and fast, knowing I was going to cum at any second.
"Oh, yeah, Tony. Fuck me. Do it to me, baby."
"What happened next?" I asked through gritted teeth as I pummelled into her.
"They'd seen me. Seen what I did. I saw them all looking at me, at my sticky hands all covered in cum."
"What did they do?"
"What do you think they did?"
"I don't know. Tell me."
"Do you think I let one of the men there fuck me?"
"Yes."
"You think I let them take my virginity."
"Yes. Yes. You let them fuck you, didn't you?" I said as I speeded up my thrusts.
"Yes. They fucked me. They fucked my virgin pussy. One after the other. All of them. They all fucked me...and I loved it...I loved having all these strangers fucking me..."
That was it for me. I shot my load deep inside her, gripping her by the hips as I flooded her pussy with my cum. When I had finished I collapsed on top of her, completely sated. I looked into her eyes in wonder and awe. I had never known she could be like that, such a slut. It was amazing.
"How many?" I asked when I got my breath back. "How many of them fucked you?"
"None of them fucked me. Not really. I only said that because I knew it was turning you on."
"What did happen then?"
"Nothing much. The guy next to me left as soon as I had jerked him off. I don't think anybody saw what I had done...what we had done. Then Jane came back. She told me that she had got so horny from those men groping her that she had to masturbate in the toilet. I knew she was trying to shock me. I didn't let her know what happened to me while she was gone. I never told her. I never told anyone, before now.
"We went back to watching the film. I could see Jane brushing away the hand of the man sitting next to her. He was groping her thighs like before, but she didn't seem to like it now. I kind of got the impression that she only dragged us along to the place to see what my reaction would be. She was always doing things like that, especially with less experienced girls. Anyway, after a while we left."
"Did they all grope you again when you walked past them?"
"Yeah. Jane was in front of me and she was pushing the men off her, but I didn't."
"No? You let them all touch you?"
"Yeah, well, they were only feeling up my ass and my tits a little. After what I had just let happen it didn't seem to matter anymore."
"Jesus," I exclaimed. "Why didn't you tell me about all this before?"
"I don't know. I guess I was worried about how you would feel about it. In case you thought I was some kind of filthy slut or something, but it turned you on, didn't it?"
"Oh God, yeah. It was much better than watching some video."
Tara turned me on my back and bent over me, taking my limp cock in her mouth. She began sucking on it. Within seconds I felt the blood rush back, causing another erection.
"Mmm, you're right. It was much better than a video, wasn't it?"
We spent the rest of the night fucking like rabbits. For the next few months it was the same story. I just had to think about what Tara had told me and I would get instantly erect and want to fuck her as soon as possible. She often retold the story with different variations while we made love. Every time I came inside her I would picture her being groped by complete strangers. It was becoming an obsession. Soon I began imagining what it would be like to actually see it happen, to watch her behaving like a slut in a crowded theatre.
A few months after that night my wife and I went to a restaurant in Soho for a meal. It was my birthday and Tara had made a big effort with her appearance. She wore a short, tight fitting, low cut backless dress. She looked amazing, especially in her stiletto heels. During the meal we both drank copious amounts of wine. When we left the restaurant we walked through the red light district heading for a taxi rank. As we passed an adult movie theatre, I mentioned to her that it was the one I had visited as a teenager.
"Yeah? Hey, wait a minute," she grinned at me. "You've brought us here deliberately, haven't you? You want us to go inside."
"No, no, not at all. I never even..."
"You want a little birthday treat, is that it? Seeing what might happen if I'm in there...probably the only woman among all those men. You're very naughty," she said, wagging a finger at me.
The thought hadn't even occurred to me, but now images flooded through my mind, images of my wife being groped by a bunch of strangers. I felt my cock harden. I knew that Tara was fairly drunk and she was most likely just teasing me but I figured that there was no harm in asking her, especially if she already thought I had planned it all along.
"Yeah, well. Like you said. It is my birthday," I smiled at her.
"Okay then. Let's go," she said. She didn't need any encouragement at all. It was then that I realised that she wanted us to go in as much as I did. Maybe more.
I didn't catch the name of the movie on the poster out front. I only checked that it wasn't a gay porno film. There wouldn't be much point coming inside if all the patrons were more interested in men than women. I paid the man in the lobby for two seats and Tara and I walked up the stairs towards the screening room. Just as we reached the doors I pulled my wife to one side, next to the toilets.
"Listen. I'll go in first and sit somewhere near the back row. You follow behind later."
"Why?"
"I want to see you make your way past the men...to see if they touch you."
"Okay. God, I'm really excited. Aren't you? I can't believe we're actually doing this," Tara smiled then kissed me passionately.
"Maybe we should set up some ground rules or something," I said nervously.
"You're not backing out are you?"
"No, no. I just...how far are you going to go?"
"I don't know. I guess that might depend on other people."
"But what if things go too far? What if someone tries to rape you or something?"
"I don't know. Do you think they would?"
"Well, I don't know what they're like in there. Look, if things are getting out of hand you say something and I'll get us out of there. Okay?"
"All right. Are you ready?"
"I guess so. And you?"
"Yeah...wait...I was thinking...what if I do this?"
Tara reached her hands down to the hem of her dress and lifted it up until her stocking tops were showing. The dress was so tight that the hem stayed in position, just about covering the cheeks of her ass. She winked at me and gave my cock a quick rub then pushed me towards the door. I took a deep breath and walked inside, anticipation welling up inside me.
There was no light in the theatre except that coming from the screen. The movie seemed to be some kind of orgy -- a bevy of young women being fucked by various men. I looked at the back rows. They were fairly crowded on both sides. I noticed that there were two free seats near the end of the row on the right hand side. I made my way across. The men sitting down grumbled as they moved their feet to let me pass. As soon as I was sat down I looked around at the other patrons. As expected, there were no women in the theatre, just a bunch of horny guys. Nobody had their cocks out to jerk off although I noticed that one or two seemed to be rubbing themselves through their pockets.
A few moments later I caught sight of Tara. She was checking the back few rows. Eventually she saw me and came towards the row I was sitting in. To my disappointment none of the men stood up to grope her as she passed them. They simply moved their feet to one side and let her through. It was obvious that she made an impression on them nevertheless, as I saw that their eyes were all fixed on her as she made her way towards me. That was no surprise at all as she looked very slutty, with the tops of her stockings showing.
"Do you mind if I sit here?" she asked me when she reached the vacant seat beside me.
"No. Go ahead," I replied.
I hadn't realised that she was going to pretend not to know me, but I went along with it anyway. For a couple of minutes she sat quietly watching the film then she began to touch herself on the breast, her thumb making circular movements around her nipple. She began to make soft moaning noises, whether to get people's attention or because she couldn't help herself I didn't know.
I noticed the man sitting on the other side of her to me. He was looking straight at her, ignoring the film completely. After she began touching herself he placed his hand down on her thigh and began to squeeze it gently. I felt my heart beating faster, knowing that I was about to see what I had fantasised about for so long. The man's hand edged up over the top of her stockings, onto the gap between there and the hem of her dress. A creamy white expanse of flesh was visible. It was incredibly erotic. His hand moved higher still, reaching between her legs. Tara gasped suddenly and I knew that his hand had reached her panties. Still she made no move to stop him.
My cock was now fully erect, bursting to get out of the confines of my underwear. I could see that Tara was very aroused also. Her nipples were hard, pointing out from the silky material of her dress. Her breathing was low and heavy and she continued to rub her hand against one of her breasts. Suddenly her other hand shot out and landed in my lap. She grabbed hold of my cock and began pressing it, feeling its hardness.
The man with his hand between my wife's legs leaned over and saw what she was doing to me. As far as he was concerned I was a complete stranger to her, just like him. He must have thought that she was some kind of cock hungry slut. He turned his body round to face her directly, not bothering to grope her furtively any more. As he groped Tara's pussy with one hand he reached up and began squeezing her tits with the other. I watched spellbound as my wife spread her legs wide apart, encouraging him to go further. Seconds later he leant forward and pulled her dress up about her hips then grabbed her panties and pulled them halfway down her thighs. Tara lifted her ass a little from the seat to help him.
There was no question now that she was definitely game for more. The man's hand dived back between her legs. Tara gasped again and I knew that he had stuck one or more of his fingers inside her wet pussy. She began to rock her body against his hand, pressing down on it, allowing him to go deeper inside her. She looked over towards me, with her mouth open and her breathing heavy. Then she unzipped my fly and took out my hard cock. I quickly glanced beside me at the two men sat on the other side. They were both watching avidly as her hand stroked my shaft.
The man beside Tara pulled on one of the straps of her dress, dragging it down. Then he reached behind her to pull down the other one and tugged the dress down to her waist, exposing her tits for us all to see. He immediately leaned forward and pressed his mouth against her breast. I watched with tremendous excitement as he sucked my wife's tits while she fisted my cock. It wasn't long before the men in the row in front of us became aware of what was happening. They all turned their heads to look back at us, to watch this half naked slut fooling around with two men at the same time.
I noticed that Tara's breathing was becoming shorter and shorter as she rocked her body faster against the man's hand and it wasn't long before she was moaning in orgasm. When she had finished she leaned back in her chair and smiled at me, her hand still resting on my cock. I was about to tell her that we should leave when she suddenly pulled herself away from the man who had been fingering her and knelt down in front of me to take my cock in her mouth.
She was in a sexual frenzy and there was no way I could have stopped her even if I wanted to. She took me deep in her throat as she ran her hand up and down my shaft. By now all the men near us had taken their own cocks out and were jerking off. I could feel myself about to cum when Tara suddenly released my cock from her mouth and stood up. Her panties were still hanging down around her knees but now she pulled them off. Before I could say or do anything she had turned her back to me and slowly eased herself down on my cock until it was inside her pussy all the way to the hilt. She gripped the arms of the chair as she began to move her ass up and down, riding my cock.
"Yeah. Come on. Fuck me," she ordered.
"Oh God," I whispered. "You're so fucking sexy."
Two of the men in the row in front of us leaned across and felt up my wife's tits, squeezing them as they jiggled around.
"Yeah. Feel my tits. Go on."
It was incredible, seeing and hearing my wife behaving like such a slut. Within seconds I shot my load deep inside her, cumming with a force I had never known before. Tara stayed where she was until my dick went completely limp then she stood up and leaned over to whisper in my ear.
"I want more," she said.
I looked down at my flaccid cock then at my wife's almost naked body and I knew it would be hard again soon.
"Wait a minute," I said.
"No. I can't wait."
Before I could stop her she had moved sideways, positioning herself in front of the man who had fingered her and sucked her tits a few minutes before. He still had his cock in his hands. He grinned at her and nodded, gripping her by the hips as he helped her ease down on to his lap, feeding his cock inside her dripping wet cunt.
"Ooooh yeah," she moaned. "You've got a lovely big cock."
The men surrounding her all reached out to grope her tits while she bounced up and down on a complete stranger's cock. I was hard again instantly. I hadn't expected things to go this far but I was very glad they had. I had never felt so excited in all my life.
Tara fucked him with incredible energy and excitement, forcing him to cum inside her after only a couple of minutes. She still wasn't satisfied though. She moved along the line to the next man and sat on his cock and fucked him too, moaning and hollering and making sure that everyone nearby knew what a cock hungry slut she was. She then stood up and moved along to the next guy who didn't seem to want her to sit on his cock.
"What's the matter?" she asked in a sultry voice. "Don't you want to fuck me? Don't you want to feel your cock inside my pussy?"
"No," he said forcefully. "I want it in your ass."
Before she could stop him he bent her over the seat in front and lined his cock up between the cheeks of her ass. Tara screamed when she felt him jam it in her asshole. I was about to come over and try to stop it when she suddenly began to moan.
"Oh yes. Oh God... Fuck my ass. Do it... Ooooh. Fuck me in the ass... Go on. Treat me like a whore...a filthy little whore."
She kept up this litany of obscenities until one of the men in the row in front of her suddenly pushed his massive cock in her face. She gripped it with one hand and brought it to her lips, licking the head for a while then taking it in her throat, sucking on it deep and hard while she was getting a good ass fucking from behind. The other men in the row all crowded round to get a better view as they jerked off in front of her. I began to jerk off myself as I listened to her muffled moans. Before long she pulled her head back and a spray of cum shot out over her lips, dribbling down her chin to land on her tits.
"Oooh, come on. Another one. I want more cock to suck."
The man nearest to her shoved his dick in her face and she worked her mouth around it. She gagged once or twice as the man who was roughly fucking her ass from behind pushed her forward. Other men continued to jerk off in front of her. I watched mesmerized as they came on her face, her shoulders and her tits. She was covered in it. As soon as one man had cum, another took his place.
"Oh God. Oh yes. Yes. Ohhhhh!" Tara moaned in orgasm as the man fucking her ass speeded up his thrusts.
Suddenly he groaned as he gripped her by the hips and shoved his cock inside her ass as far as it would go while he shot his load inside her. She screamed with pleasure as two men in front of her jerked off into her mouth. The man who had ass fucked her put his limp cock away and headed for the exit. I could see that Tara was satisfied now but if we stayed any longer we could be here all night with my wife servicing dozens of men.
While a couple of guys argued over who would have her next I rushed forward and dragged her towards the exit. I brushed aside the men who tried to stop us and we quickly ran out the exit, through the lobby and out into the street. Tara readjusted her dress as we ran. We managed to flag down a passing cab just outside the cinema and we climbed in the back seat. I turned to my wife to see her eyes for the first time since it had all started. They were as black as coals, fiery and excited. She leaned back, her dress riding up to show her bare pussy. We looked at each other in silence for a few moments then we kissed passionately.
"Well?" she grinned at me. "How'd you like your birthday treat then?"
"I loved it."
"Did you enjoy the film?"
"Ha. Well, I didn't really see too much of it."
"No. Neither did I. I reckon we'll have to go back sometime and watch it again. What do you think?"
I looked at her. Her dress, all covered in cum, her stockings laddered, her bare pussy on display. I thought of all the men who had cum in her mouth and her cunt and her ass.
"Yeah," I said. "Let's do it."