(The eighth in a weekly series -- now that the Xmas break is done!)
*
Sammy was still wearing his t-shirt as he followed Luna further along the soft earth path, and it was the only piece of clothing between them. It was madness. It will be a dead-end and a waste of time, Sammy thought as he followed further and deeper into the woods. In the end, he would simply have to turn back and hope that when he returned, the pieces of his life were still there. Luna didn't care; every bend was a discovery, a chance for adventure. She was clearly caught up in a mood, au naturale in nature.
"Luna," Sammy called out, trying not to sound like a parent, "Don't get so far ahead."
"Come on then!" she stopped and smiled back at him. Sammy was in perfect misery, a photographer without his camera. What he saw in front of him was a moment he'd dreamed of capturing all his life - perfection. Light, color, structure, subject, emotional connection, balance, and actual butterflies. He groaned at not being able to photograph what would have been an IPA-winning shot. Artists have spent careers trying to find a moment like it - and with only his brain to record it, Sammy had blown his chance.
"Fuck," he groaned.
"What?" Luna smiled at him.
"To recognize perfection is a curse to those who cannot capture it."
"Ah, okay, sure. Can you hurry up?"
"Sure, if you stop flicking me with branches."
Sammy followed the spectacular naked teen in front of him, to an unknown destination. Why was she so brave, what monster had he created? The further they went, the more anxious Sammy became. How to explain to the police and insurance company how exactly the car was stolen using the keys. When Luna chanced upon a broad clearing, for Sammy it was a relief; perhaps that would be enough to satiate Luna's need for discovery.
"It's a campground," Sammy said, pointing out small wooden signs spread around with numbers on them.
"But there's nothing here," Luna said, creeping forward. "No buildings. No bathrooms. No taps. No electricity. Nothing."
"That's actually how camping is meant to be," Sammy said, warily walking around the campground with her.
"You can see how popular it is," Luna said sarcastically. "No one here. Not even water? You have to carry a tank of water with you?"
"Or use that," Sammy said, nodding to his right as he looked down a small path between thick bushes.
"Oh my god!" Luna said, looking.
At the end of the short path was a glistening stream, the water fairly sparkling in the sunlight. It was mostly shallow and rocky, but there was a big, deep waterhole where the stream came over a tiny waterfall, only a couple of feet high.
"It's beautiful," Luna gleamed. "It's amazing. And no one is here."
"It's Sunday," Sammy shrugged, looking at relatively fresh footprints on the sandy part near the waterhole. "Might be people cleared out this morning."
"Can we swim? Please?" Luna grinned excitedly.
"All our gear is just laying in the rotunda back there," Sammy worried.
"Which no one ever goes to, or uses," Luna countered. "You told me that. It's why we're gonna use it to take photos of me getting screwed next weekend, right?"
Sammy sighed.
"Go on then."
Luna giggled happily and splashed into the waterhole.
"Cold?" Sammy yelled out.
"Freezing! It's beautiful. Come on! You'll get used to it!"
For the first time he'd been with Luna, Sammy felt that his age was a proper disadvantage. Skinny dipping in freezing cold streams was a young person's thing. He looked and felt every bit like a middle-aged man as he threw off his t-shirt and walked out to follow Luna. When the water hit his balls, he was not manly about it, shrieking like a little girl.
"Come out! Swim with me!" Luna continued to pressure him til eventually Sammy went all-in. He was rewarded with a hug and a passionate kiss from his naked young water nymph, which almost made it worth it.
"Stop shivering!" Luna teased. "Man up!"
Sammy laughed and did his best to not complain as they swam and horsed around. After a time though, Sammy noticed they were no longer alone. Over by the beach near the path to the campground was a man, perhaps in his fifties, watching them from his seat on a log.
"Howdy," the man yelled out and waved once he noticed Sammy had spotted him. "Looks cold in there!"
"Perfect day for it!" Sammy bravely replied. "Are you coming in?"
"Ha, ha, no!" the man yelled back. Sammy and Luna came close together and spoke voicelessly about what to do next. The guy looked happy to stay sitting in the sun near the water, he didn't seem to be going anywhere in a hurry.
"Even I'm getting cold now," admitted Luna.
"Well, I guess it's not like you don't show boys your body, right? Porn star," Sammy offered.
"Porn star. I can't believe that term. I guess I am, especially after next weekend. How did it happen?" Luna said, shaking her head in a moment of reflection that was edging on regret.
"The same way everyone does it. You needed the money, and the chance to make money came up. You took it."
"Not many girls would, though.
Most girls would stay broke and keep their dignity."
"Out of fear mostly, don't you think? You were brave to take it on."
"Hmph," Luna snorted. "But I'm cold, so I'm going to have to let this guy see me."
"And me!" Sammy protested.
"I don't think he will be looking at you," Luna growled.
"No, probably not."
With Sammy's t-shirt up on the shore, their visitor had seen it and assumed Sammy had taken his top off and was wearing swimmers. Luna's shoulders were bare, but with no clothes lying around, she must be wearing her gear in the water, right? You can imagine his surprise when they both came out entirely naked, and Luna hairless.
"Oh my," he laughed. "I've come at a bad time!"
"You're fine!" Luna said politely. "It's not your fault. I just saw the water and could not resist."
"It's nice in there?"
"It's cold. Refreshing, though."
Luna stood hands-on-hips facing the guy, trying to bravely act normal, as he bravely tried not to stare at her breasts and pussy - unsuccessfully.
"I didn't see any other camps set up," the guy said.
"We walked in," Sammy explained. "There's a small winding path through the woods, back over there. Leads from the main river."
"Oh."
"You staying here?" Sammy asked. There was nothing to do but take the time to air-dry.
"I like setting up on a Sunday night," the guy said. "The weekenders have cleared out. Usually there's a couple of others, not normally this quiet. But it's good, I like it here when it's peaceful. No screaming kids. I'm Raymond," he said, tipping an imaginary hat.
"I'm Sammy. This is Luna," Sammy returned, stepping forward to shake hands. Luna did the same, the touch of a person's hand was oddly erotic when it's done naked.
"She your girlfriend?" he asked Sammy.
"No, unfortunately. I'm married. Luna is my... staff. She works at my shop. That doesn't sound very good does it?" Sammy laughed nervously.
"Sounds good to me," Raymond said in a friendly and polite manner. "Luna, you are beautiful."
"Thank you," Luna blushed.
"You two walked here dressed like that?" Raymond tried to work out. "Or you hid your clothes somewhere so they don't get took?"
"Like this," Luna smiled at the guy, understanding how ridiculous it was.
"Wow. I love it," Raymond nodded. "You are a gorgeous nude. Walking around like that... it's perfect for you in these surroundings. A perfect match."
"See?" Luna said, playfully hitting Sammy's upper arm. "I told you he'd only see me."
"Oh, you're beautiful too, fella," Raymond laughed, nodding at Sammy. "I'm gonna set up camp. You got time, wanna stay for a drink?"
"We're not in a rush for time," Sammy admitted, "But I am worried about all our gear. It's just laying around at the end of the path. Wallet. Phone. Keys. I worry someone will take it."
"How far through the woods is it?" Raymond asked.
"Fifteen minutes. Maybe twenty."
"Well... Luna can stay. If it's that close you go get what you need and come back?"
Neither Luna nor Sammy answered the question, which was an answer in itself.
"Okay," Raymond said, "Fair enough. We'll all go and get your things."
Sammy laughed. "You really have nothing better to do?"
Raymond looked at Luna standing naked in front of him.
"Better? You're joking, right? Come on, lead the way. Where is your mystery path?"
Sammy pulled on his t-shirt and led them to the back corner of the campground. Raymond tagging along wasn't ideal, but Sammy's stress about losing his phone, wallet, and car was a more pressing source of anxiety. Sammy led, Luna in the middle and Raymond in the rear, checking out Luna's rear. Luna couldn't help but be polite, stopping occasionally to see that he was okay behind her.
"I'm fine, thank you," he smiled. "Best walk I've ever taken."
"You're being sweet," Luna blushed.
In Sammy's rush to check on his gear, he wasn't paying as much attention behind as he has to the front, and Luna was smart enough not to squeal when Raymond reached out and held her ass when they were close. The last thing Luna wanted was for those two to get into a fight in the middle of the woods, which Sammy might do if she let on that Raymond was feeling her up each time he had a chance.
"You're wet," Raymond whispered as Luna did her best to walk along quietly despite the occasional finger stealing a moment inside her.
"You shouldn't be doing that," she whispered back, quickening her pace to break free of him.
"I'll pay you money to fuck me," Raymond said. Luna looked back at him sharply, then checked Sammy didn't hear.
"How much money?"
"Ten thousand."
Luna didn't answer. What could she say? Was he teasing her, or was he serious? She didn't want to give away that she was entirely confused, so she said nothing - walking faster to try and catch up with Sammy. Would someone actually pay ten thousand just to have sex with her? If nothing else, Luna didn't feel experienced enough to give justice to the fee. Ten thousand? He would expect the sex of his life, right? How could she ever live up to that amount of money? He must be enjoying how unsettled the offer had made her, Luna thought.
When they came to the edge of the woods near the rotunda, Sammy's fears were needless. Everything was where it had been, and no one was in sight across the grass or in the car park in the distance.
"What's this place?" Raymond asked. "Looks like the edge of a golf club."
"Luxury houseboat hire," Sammy explained. Neither he nor Luna rushed to dress, what was the point?
"You two have a houseboat?"
"No," Sammy answered, realizing how confused Raymond must be. "We're here for a private photoshoot."
"Oh," Raymond said, even more interested. He pointed at Luna, "Photos dressed like that?"
"Yes."
"Oh. On your phone?"
Sammy laughed. "No! I've got proper gear, just not today. We're scoping sites, and I thought I might do it here."
"Right," Raymond nodded. "You're a hobbyist?"
"No. I have a shop. A studio. We do professional work."
"Nudes?"
"Not usually!" Sammy laughed. "We picked up one job, that's all. Luna here has been nice enough to help out."
"Wow. This is your first nude shoot?" he asked her.
"Second," Luna blushed, then looked at Sammy. "Unless we count the Soozi shoot?"
"Soozi the socks?" Raymond asked, eyes widening. "Those long colorful socks?"
"Yeah."
"On the stool, legs open?" Raymond was getting excited.
"That's the pussy. Right there," Sammy nodded toward Luna.
"Holy shit. You did that shoot? Your studio?"
"Yes."
"What's it called again?"
"The Photo Shop."
Raymond laughed. "Really, that's the name?"
"It's what it is," Sammy shrugged.
"Gee."
Sammy was confused as to why Raymond was so concerned with his little business.
"Luna's nude shoot that's coming up, is it paid for?"
Sammy looked at Raymond, wondering where this was heading.
"Why?" he asked as politely as he could, eyeing off his pants, suddenly feeling like getting dressed.
"Is someone paying? If not, I could help," Raymond replied.
"It's paid for."
"Who?" Raymond wondered.
"Raymond, what's up?" Sammy finally asked. "Why are you interested in all this?"
Raymond smiled and took out his wallet, passing both of them a business card.
"Raymond Stokes," Sammy read. "You work for Graystoke?"
"What's Graystoke?" Luna asked.
"A production company," Sammy said, as Raymond nodded. "Big business. Millions a year. A corporate, part of the enemy of independent creativity. But Graystoke are relatively edgy for the big houses. Sometimes over the edge. Romance, Horror, Drama - but always with nudity and sex. Porn with stories."
Raymond laughed. "Is that what you think? Luna, it's actors who take off their clothes, not nude models trying to act. Big difference."
"It's porn, still. Blowjobs. Fucking."
"Launched a lot of careers, though," Raymond smiled.
"It's true," Sammy conceded. "Sharon Barge, Judd Belling, they're both Graystoke, right?"
"They are," Raymond said proudly.
"Sharon Barge did porn?" Luna asked, shocked.
"She was a filthy girl," Raymond smiled, remembering. "We gave her an eighteenth birthday coming-of-age party, an orgy, and oh my god that girl took to it like a fish to water. The videos from that night are mind-blowing."
"She was my childhood hero. You sure we're talking about the same Sharon Barge," Luna quizzed, surely they were mistaken.
"We are. Mary Poppins. The Owl and the Pussycat. Mr. Sheep. That's her alright. She had a hundred guys run through her before she made mainstream."
"How is that possible?" Luna asked. "How can no one know?"
"It's where they make money," Sammy chipped in. "Houses like Graystoke sell or rent all rights back to the artist or their management company. Bury it all for as long as the artist chooses. Forever, even. Contractual hush money."
"It's only one of the ways we make money," Raymond clarified. "It's not the main source, just a side business. Win-win for everyone. We set them on their way, then get a few dollars to forget that we set them on their way. They pay us to forgo our rights to profit from the work they did with us."
"Gee," said Luna, "All so complicated."
"But back to the topic of you, beautiful Luna, I can't believe you were the Soozi girl. What luck! And you two are doing a paid porn set. Just photos, or action?"
"Action in the photos. A photo story," Sammy chipped in.
"Oh god, that's so corny. I love it. Can I help in some way? Makeup? Lighting? Security?"
"What's your job?" Sammy squinted at the business card. "Graystoke is huge, but there's no job title on your card. What do you do there?"
Raymond laughed, then smiled. He looked at Luna, who shrugged. Fuck that naked girl is beautiful, he thought.
"I'm not sure how to answer that," Raymond grinned. "At first, when it all started it was Raymond Stokes Productions. Yeah, but that was too long, so I tried Ray Stokes Productions instead, but after a year or so, this silly British director kept telling the world he worked for Graystokes instead of Ray Stokes. He thought he was being funny, but it stuck. Eventually, I registered as just plain Graystoke. It seems to work for everyone, and judging by you two, gives me a degree of anonymity. Anyway, when the time comes to sell one day, companies with vanity names can be tough to get the best price for, if such-named person is leaving. Or even worse if they stick around after the sale."
Sammy blinked before talking.
"You're Graystoke?"
"In essence. Yes."
"Holy shit. Fuck. And here I am standing around with my pants off."
"Never mind that!" Raymond laughed. "It was me that crashed your party."
"Holy shit, I still can't believe we just ran across you."
Luna assumed she should be impressed. The way Sammy reacted, she guessed Raymond was a big fish in whichever pond he swam. She too started eyeing off her clothes.
"Shall we get dressed?" Luna sheepishly asked.
"Your shoot," Raymond said, ignoring her question, "When is it? I'd love to send some people to help."
"It's not really that sort of thing," Sammy explained. "It's a small gig, tiny by your standards, and I don't think the client would want to share the material. And there's not a lot of money in it."
"No money. A favor. No strings. Just happy to help. You need make-up?"
"We do it."
"Lighting?"
"We use what natural light we have."
"Security?"
"We don't... we haven't got."
"And who is going to clean up all this bird shit and cobwebs?"
"My wife?" Sammy guessed.
"No, no, when is it? I'll send some people, just to help. No charge, no share, it's your show, you tell them what to do. It would be a pleasure after letting me get to know the Soozi girl in her natural state like this. Amazing pussy. Gorgeous."
A houseboat chugged along the water, slowing to dock, the first one back into the marina.
"We better dress," Sammy nodded to Luna.
Raymond asked them to make the trek back for a drink, but they declined. They had a drive ahead of them, no point to get whiskied up sitting around a campfire.
"Well, I'll get you sorted for next Sunday," he smiled, and when Sammy busied himself taking final logistics shots on his phone Raymond had the chance to talk quietly with just Luna. "Send me a message. The number on that card. Give me your details and I'll transfer that ten grand into your bank. Then we can work out a time later that we can meet up, privately."
Luna took a deep breath. He really did plan to pay her to fuck?
"I'm not that experienced," she whispered. "I'm not worth that much money."
"Ha," Raymond grinned, "We'll talk more about that as I'm fucking you."
"I'm still in high school," Luna tried to warn him.
"Even better," Raymond said, happy to hear it.
"Oh my god," Luna sighed.
After Raymond made his goodbyes and disappeared back down his path, fully-dressed Sammy and topless Luna walked to the car and left. They still had some time, and so found a quiet and private track off a country lane to stop. They kissed and undressed and finally felt the relief of hard cock in wet cunt again.
"Oh, that's better," Luna moaned. "All that time naked without being able to do this."
"Amazing to run into the founder of Graystoke."
"It means nothing to me," Luna said, sitting on his lap spearing herself, and kissing him to stop Sammy from talking anymore. Luna's vagina was more than ready for the shoot with Nathan, it gripped and tugged on the erection it engulfed. Luna couldn't remember a life without sex and nudity. Had it really been that short a time ago? She lifted to press a breast into Sammy's mouth as she pumped her own hips, feeling safe to scream and howl without anyone hearing.
"Outside. Lean over the bonnet," Sammy growled, shifting her. "I'm going to smash you."
With the sun on her back, her breasts against the metal car bonnet, and her arms stretched out above her, Luna got pummeled. Sammy was in the mood to fuck and he fairly smashed Luna's pussy until it was numb from overuse. When he finally lost his cum, it was deep, deep inside his young staff's body, giving his sperm the shortest trip possible to her womb - if they didn't get zapped by copper on the way.
"I wish I didn't have the IUD," opined Luna again.
"You seriously wanna get pregnant, huh?" Sammy panted.
"I wanna have your baby," she said, exhausted.
"Well, it's out of our hands now. I did my bit."
"You did a very good job, baby," Luna said, still laying on the bonnet. "I feel fucked thoroughly."
Sammy pulled back and out slowly, getting his phone to take photos of semen dribbling from Luna, still face-down on the bonnet with her legs parted and pussy on show to the outside world.
"I wish it stayed in," Luna moaned, finally standing. She dabbed at the white muck on her pussy lips, then brought her fingers up to taste. "But I do like drinking it more when it's mixed with mine. By itself, your cum is a bit salty or bitter. I think mine is sweeter. Together the taste is nice. You wanna try some?"
Sammy smiled and shook his head, happy to watch Luna scrape between her legs and drink it, her hand going back and forth feeding herself like it was a dessert.
They stood around kissing and hugging for a time before grumbling stomachs forced them to consider less sexual human needs. They stopped at the first diner they found, and Sammy rang Sue to let her know all was okay.
"We've settled the location," he said. "So we'll be home in an hour or two. Just getting a super late lunch."
"Okay. How's Luna? Is she ready?"
"She's ready," Sammy assured her.
"Did you fist her?"
"No. She doesn't need fisting. Really. She's well big enough, and she's taking the initiative now, she's the one driving the sex, she's fine. Really."
"Okay. I just don't want her grimacing on set."
"That won't happen, I assure you. Here, have a word yourself," Sammy said, handing the phone to Luna.
They spoke for a time, Luna giving similar assurances that taking cock was no longer a chore for her, and yes she will keep using the monster vibrator at home. Sammy shook his head listening to it.
"How did it get to this?" he asked as Luna hung up.
"To what?" she asked.
"I don't know. This. Everything."
Luna didn't answer, done over by the enormity of the question, let alone the answer.
Back at home, Luna tried her best to make the transformation back from adult to youth for her grandma. She picked at her meal, not explaining she'd just eaten lunch. How to explain what had kept her busy all night and day? Upstairs after her shower, Luna lay naked on her bed and gelled up the vibrator. As big as it was, as much as she had to fight to get it in, Luna could take all of it. Sliding the switches, it leaped to life inside her and at her clit, Luna muffling her screams with her pillow. After giving herself a long, protracted orgasm, she fell asleep with it deep inside her.
That week was full of exams, proctored at Town Hall by a bored receptionist. The nightly sex with herself balanced itself nicely, making for a good week. Sexually satisfied, Luna found her concentration and positive attitude came through in her tests. She was in a good mood, and she didn't have to think about Nathan and his erection until she turned up for work after lunch on a Friday.
"Only two more exams next week, and I'm done," she told Sue as she took over from her boss at the counter.
"Are you set for them? Hopefully, Sunday won't take too much time away from you."
"I'm fine. I'm good actually."
"Okay, I'll see you for the big day Sunday. Have fun today, dear."
Luna was in the shop by herself until Sammy finished a shooting session of dog food cans.
"You know you've hit the big time when you get jobs like this," he said when he came out, holding and kissing Luna as if she was his wife, not Sue. "I'll take the counter, you go out back and take off your clothes?"
"Do you want me to put anything back on again, or I'll stay back there and wait for you to come fuck me?"
"When you're undressed, yell out, and I'll put the back-in-ten sign up."
Luna smiled and kissed him, delighted to get her man back inside her again, not just a spermless sex toy. When Sammy came out and buried his face into her snatch, she was already soaked.
"Come up. Get in," Luna begged. "This time you need to cum in me quick."
For Sammy, crawling onto naked Luna and letting his cock melt into her newly-stretched vagina was like coming home. The smell and taste and fit of that young woman had become natural and familiar. As was Luna professing her love when he came deep inside her, and wishing he was getting her pregnant.
"Work in the shop today with no pants on," Sammy said as they scrambled off the studio bed.
"I'm leaking everywhere," Luna cautioned. "And the counter is too low."
"I'll stay out there with you. There are no more appointments, and the books are done. If someone comes in that we don't want to see your pussy, then you stay behind the register. Even if they look round the side, they'll only see your ass."
"You like me having my pants off that much?" Luna grinned, kissing him with her tongue. "You want me to work all day with my pussy out?"
"I do."
"Hmmm, I like you saying that phrase."
Of course, no one came in that Luna felt comfortable seeing her with her pants off, so whilst she wandered the shop letting Sammy watch and touch her freely, if a customer came in she was cemented to the one safe spot behind the register.
"You want to go over the shoot?" Sammy asked as Luna stood by the front door with her short t-shirt in her hand, the sun streaming in on her entirely bare body.
"Pick up from Memorial Hospital, out front so no one knows it's staged. Dressed in my school uniform. I drive Sue's old car away from the car park. But then I stop and Sue will drive Nathan to the marina, I go with you - with my pants secretly off in the car so you can finger me," Luna added cheekily.
"Keep to the script."
"Do I kiss him at the hospital?"
"Yes, passionately. Sympathetically. Set the scene. No feeling each other up, though, I don't want a problem from the hospital when the shoot is published. No one could recognize the school in part one, but we're going to show the hospital is a real place at the start of part two."
"Will there be a part three?" Luna worried.
"Unlikely. After cumming in your cunt, there's nowhere really to take it, except show you giving birth..."
"Eww. Not with him."
"Come on. At the marina?" Sammy got them back on track.
Just then a car pulled in to park. Luna only just got her top back on time and into her place behind the register. The rest of the day was relatively busy, as Fridays usually are. It was awkward for Luna always having to ask people to come over to her to take their payment card, she felt rude, but at least no one got the shock of seeing her with no pants and no hair.
Sammy dropped her home with only the quickest of fucks in the back room after closing. He and Sue had people coming to dinner. Walking in the kitchen for grandma's stew, for the first time Luna felt bitter toward Sammy's marriage. It had been there from the start, so she had never been bothered by it. But just at that moment, she wanted to spend the night in bed naked with her man. To be hastily cum in, then dumped off home to go off to a dinner with his wife - for the first time it had gotten under Luna's skin. After her own dinner and a shower, Luna lay naked on the bed, dabbing the tip of the monster vibrator in her slit. Should she ring Chrissy? It would be too late to organize a sleepover, and Grandma would stress. Sneak her in? If caught, it would be too obvious they were lesbian, and Chrissy would never be allowed in the house again. Sneak out? Not just before the big shoot Sunday, being grounded and missing that would cost everyone dearly, they were relying on Luna to cough up her pussy.
She pulled out the business card she got the previous weekend.
'Hi. Its Luna'
And then she waited. Not for long though.
'Hi Luna'
'Sorry didnt message. School exams. Last one next Wed'
The reply didn't take long.
'Thats ok. Send me your bank details and I'll fwd the money now.'
'Really?'
'Come on. Give me'
Luna changed apps and went in to copy her bank account details. With a deep sigh, she pasted and sent.
'Thx. I'll do it now. 1min'
'I warn you, I'm still not very good at sex. I worry you will be unhappy after paying that much'
It took a few minutes before a reply came back.
'Done. Sent. Check your account. Not sure how long it takes to reach you. I thought your boss was teaching you to fuck?'
'Hes at dinner with his wife'
It was clear Luna was annoyed.
'Dont worry, I'll help'
'Are you married?'
A laughing emoji came instantly back.
'No. We can spend as long as you like doing it'
'How many times do I have to do it for that money?'
'24hrs I fuck you as much as I want. After that you have no obligation'
'Ok'
'Will be great'
'Better wait til exams finished. And period due next Thurs, if I'm not pregnant already. If I am, will you still do me?'
'Of course, as long as it's not showing I don't mind if you're already knocked up'
'Ok'
The messaging finished and Luna went back to her vibrator, happy that one unmarried man at least wanted to bed her.
Bad weather came on Saturday, with thunderstorms and rain. Footfall at the photo shop was so slow that Sammy shut at three, and pulled Luna into the studios for a long, brutal fucking.
"You'll wear out the goods for tomorrow," Luna grunted as her tits snapped back and forth violently.
"You're beyond wearing out," Sammy smiled down at her. Not only had he cum twice in Luna the day before, but Sue had also finally opened her legs again the night before, so he wasn't feeling as edgy as he otherwise might. He was in the mood for thumping the pelvis of his young staff.
"You're so beautiful when you're full of cock."
"You can watch someone else do it tomorrow," Luna said as best she could, given the pounding. "Won't you be jealous?"
"I don't know. I've no right to be."
"No," said Luna. Neither did she have the right to be jealous of Sue, but it had happened. Sammy had said an affair would be dangerous for him and his life, and yet here they were having it, and Luna felt she was suffering more.
Sammy nailed her until both were exhausted. Luna fell back on the bed afterward, air occasionally departing her vagina rudely. She thought of what she may do with herself that night. Luna knew she'd be nervous, sleep wouldn't come easily. She thought if Chrissy could spend the night, but she may not easily be able to get rid of her in the morning.
"You're going to fuck me, then just go home, leave me alone tonight?" Luna asked, unable to prevent her mood from seeping through her tone.
"We all need sleep," Sammy said cautiously.
"I can sleep with you."
Sammy didn't reply, looking at Luna to try and understand the sudden angst.
"If you did, Sue would probably touch you again, don't you think?"
"I don't mind."
Sammy thought carefully about his next words.
"If you really do have interest in spending the night in our bed, I can ask. But not tonight. Tomorrow's a big day. No baggy eyes from staying up fooling around."
"Hmph."
Luna was in the mood for an argument but backed down. There was no changing that tonight Sammy would be in bed with his wife and Luna would be home alone.
"I need to find a boyfriend."
Sammy didn't say anything. In reality, she did, and he agreed - though didn't say so.
"Sleep early. Sleep well. It's pre-shoot stress. Tomorrow night we'll all drink champagne and relax."
"With another guy's sperm in me," Luna poured.
"Yes, with Nathan's sperm in you," Sammy conceded.
Luna sighed, and slowly got up and got dressed. Sammy drove them home in the rain, seeing her to grandma's door with the big umbrella he kept in the car. Luna went in without kissing him goodnight.
'When are you going to fuck me?'
Luna sent the message to Raymond from bed, naked.
'Did u get the money?'
'Yes'
'After your last exam, high school girl'
'Need to wait for my period to pass, too'
'When finish?'
'If on time starts Wed/Thurs, it should be available to use by Monday night after. Tues for certain. But dont u worry I'm too young?'
'You did Soozi ad, so must be min 18'
'Is that not too young? I don't feel very sophisticated'
'I'll see what I can do to help you there. What time will you be at the marina tomo, what time is the shoot?'
'Hospital shots at 9, marina shots 11:30'
'Hospital?'
'Will explain later. In bed'
'You are in a mood?'
'You sure your not married, right?'
'Not!'
'Good'
Luna slept with at least some consolation that if she wanted to keep seeing Raymond after their sex, there wouldn't be a Sue to ask permission. He was old, though. When Luna was asking him if she was too young, she was also asking herself if he was too old. He was a nice guy, and she liked him, and he looked fit for an older guy.
Dare she ask his age?
Fifty-something?
Next instalment "The Photo Shop -- Joined" will be submitted for approval next Wednesday Feb 8, 2023!
It's a 'live' series, so suggestions welcome - as long as it's quick!