Editor's note: this story contains scenes of incest or incest content.
*****
A Girl called Areola and her sister called Beaver
by Vanessa Evans
As usual, it's best if you read the earlier parts before this one.
Part 02
We had 6 weeks of nothing before going back to college. I say nothing, but that wasn't quite true, we were going to work at Eve's shop for a full week to cover for a couple of the girls who were going on holiday together.
At the next Sunday lunch daddy asked us all what we were going to do with all our spare time. Zack said that he had his whole holidays planed but B and I had nothing planned so daddy and Zack made a few suggestions: -
Going camping again
Helping daddy with his work
Going to London for a few days
Going to the Seaside for a few days
Going to visit aunt Betty
Getting an all-over tan in the back garden - Zack's idea
Going swimming
Join the local council's keep fit summer programme
Go Cycling
Well most of the ideas were non-starters for B and I but we did talk some more about some of the ideas.
Camping - Daddy said that we could take the car and maybe go to one of those big sites that reckons that they've got everything that anyone could ever need for a great holiday, but daddy told us that we'd have to wear some clothes or proper bikinis. He'd seen our 'strings only' ones and liked them but he said that they weren't appropriate for a big camp site.
Going to the Seaside for a few days - Daddy said that we could get the train and stay in a hotel or B&B for a few nights.
Going to the London for a few days - Daddy said that we could again go by train and stay in a hotel or a few nights, but he warned us not to go to some of the troublesome suburbs, too many knives flying around.
Go swimming - There is a big, new leisure centre in the next town and we could go and have a look at it. Daddy said that we could take the car.
Cycling - We'd have to get our bikes out and give them a good once-over. It would be okay for the odd day but there was no way that we were going to go on a cycling holiday, even for a few days.
The others on the list didn't even get discussed but some of them were distinct possibilities. B and I said that we'd talk about it later.
That evening, Zack was still out, and daddy and B and I were watching a movie. B and I were both naked and sat either side of daddy on the sofa and cuddling up to him. At the end of the movie, and with no thought about it before I opened my mouth, I said,
"Daddy, life must be hard for you at the moment, with mummy gone you must be lonely, we wouldn't mind if you found a girlfriend."
I think that my statement slightly shocked all 3 of us but after a few seconds silence, daddy replied.
"Well thank you Areola, but my life right now is all about you 3 kids. I need to make sure that you are properly prepared for adult life."
"Daddy," B replied, "all 3 of us are adults now, you and mum did a good job with us, Zack will be working with you when he finishes college and A and I should be able to get a good job when we finish at college. If we don't you can give us an apprenticeship and when we're fully trained we can become the first naked lady plumbers. I bet that we'd get a lot of jobs from the men who live on their own."
"I'm sure that you would."
"But what about your personal needs daddy? It can't be good for you not having a girlfriend." I said.
"No, but just seeing you 2 around the house makes me happy."
"We could make you even happier if you want daddy."
"You're not suggesting that we have sex are you Areola?"
"We can if you want daddy, I'm sure that B and I could give you a really good time."
"That wouldn't be right Areola, we're family."
"Daddy," B chirped in, "this is 20 years into the 21st century, mummy put us on the pill as soon as our periods started. There's no way that either of us will get pregnant so the whole incest thing is a non-starter. Besides, we can see that you want to fuck us."
Both B and I were looking at the massive tent in daddy's trousers.
Daddy said "No," but both B and I could tell that he was seriously considering what it would be like to fuck his daughters.
"Oh shit!" daddy said as both B and I let our hands wander to the bulge in his trousers. What's more, he didn't stop us as we unfastened his trousers and slid them down his legs. He even lifted his butt a little to help us.
When his cock sprang free B said,
"Daddy, I've never seen it that big before."
Our hands started rubbing his cock then licking and sucking it. We took it in turns to take it deep into our throats. Poor daddy didn't stand a chance.
We didn't let him cum though, twice he got close but we backed off and let him recover before B straddled him and lowered herself onto his cock. She'd only lifted then lowered herself 4 times before daddy groaned and B dropped down so that he was as far in her that he could go. She kissed him all over his face as his movements told me that he was spurting his seed deep inside my sister.
"Wow daddy," I said, "you really needed that didn't you?" I said as the interval between the spurts got longer. All daddy did was nod his head.
Just for the record, B and I had talked about us fucking daddy a few times and we'd agreed that she would be the first to have him inside her.
When B felt him start to soften she climbed off him and lay on the floor in front of him with her feet near him but her legs spread wide so that he could see her pussy and his cum start to seep out of her.
I wanted a taste of daddy cum, and I wanted to eat B so I got on top of her and we 69'd for daddy to watch. After we'd both cum I looked up to daddy and saw him still staring at us but his cock was hard again.
It was my turn and I quickly got up and straddled him. This time though, he didn't cum so quickly and I was bouncing up and down on him for quite a while before we both came at roughly the same time.
I collapsed forward on to him and when I was able I thanked him.
"No, thank you, both of you, but that can never happen again."
"Yes daddy it can and it will. You don't really care about these stupid taboos, as long as we don't have your babies everything will be just fine."
"And a lot of fun for all of us." B added.
Daddy smiled and both B and I knew that it wouldn't be long before we were doing it again.
I climbed off him and he went to get cleaned up. B and I went next and we talked about what had just happened. We were both very happy but we knew that things would change between daddy and both of us. We just hoped that it would be changes for the good.
"I hope that you 2 aren't expecting me to fund all of your trips to wherever just because of what just happened." Daddy said as we snuggled-up on each side of him to watch the next movie.
"No daddy," I replied, "we seduced you because we love you and saw that you needed it. Have we ever tried to be nice to you to get something from you? You brought us up better than that thank you daddy."
Daddy already had an arm round each of us and he squeezed us to him so much that we both begged him to stop.
Later, when we went to bed, B and I talked some more about what had happened and wondered if 1 of us should go to his bed each night and let him fuck us.
"Well if you do," B said, "you'd better be back here before I wake up, I don't want to wake up on my own."
I pushed my fingers deeper into her pussy and promised that I would, if she did the same for me.
******
The Leisure Centre
We did decide to do some of the things that we'd talked about, the first was a trip to the leisure complex in the next town. Daddy let us take the car and we both took one of our bikinis that is a lot more modest than we like to wear. For starters, they have triangle on the top that cover all of our tits. The good thing being that they have strings that we fasten with bows that tie in the middle of our backs and behind our necks.
The bottoms have a small triangle at the front and a much bigger one at the back, they cover most of our butts but leave a bit of the top of our butt cracks visible. They too are string fastening and it wasn't long before both of us were pulling at the strings of the other's top or bottoms.
Needless to say that all of our goodies were on display quite often, each time the 'victim' pretending to be very embarrassed and telling the 'attacker' to stop it.
The slides were fun because our tops often ended up around our necks and the bottoms often came undone and a few times actually came right off.
Of course we knew what was happening and always pretended that we didn't realise until someone pointed it out to us. Over the last few years we have both got very good at pretending to be shocked and embarrassed.
There was one slide that we enjoyed the most, as you got near to the bottom you went into a big goldfish like bowl sort of thing, and went round the sides a couple of times before falling through a big hole in the bottom and landing in a small pool where it ended.
The thing was, there were windows in the part of the bowl that was near a walkway and people could stand and watch you going round and round.
Well both B and I realised that if our bikinis 'accidentally' came off as we went down the first slide part we'd go round and round the bowl totally naked with people watching us. We went on that slide 6 or 7 times and each time we had to retrieve our bikinis in the bottom pool and put them back on. So much fun.
What I haven't mentioned so far is the changing room, and it wasn't plural, there was only 1 and it has rows of cubicles for people to get changed in. You then have to take your clothes to a locker that you get the key on a big rubber band when you put a pound coin in the slot.
Well B and I decided that we weren't going to use the cubicles and we got changed standing beside the rows of lockers, much to the delight of a few boys who watched us strip naked then put our bikinis on.
After our first swimming and slides session we went back to the changing room and pretended to get changed in front of our locker. After taking our bikinis off then putting them back on a few times we decided to go for a wander and see what we could find.
What we did find was a jacuzzi, a steam room and a sauna, The jacuzzi was the first that we went in and it was wonderful. The bubbles felt great and the hands that played with my tits and pussy were wonderful too, making me cum twice. I couldn't see what was happening to me because of the bubbles and I assumed that the hands were B's but I didn't try to prove it.
Neither could B prove that it was my hands that returned the compliment, making her cum twice as well.
I forgot to check my bikini when I stood up to get out and quickly found out that my top had slid to one side revealing both my hard nipples, and one side of my bottoms were undone and hanging down.
"Oops." I said and slowly covered my tits before fastening my bottoms, the man sat in front of me getting a good look at my slit.
Because B had missed out on a pussy flash I decided to give her one as we walked towards the sauna, I was beside her and I reached over and pulled on one of the strings on her bikini bottoms. They were so loosely tied that she didn't notice until it was undone and hanging down revealing her slit to the man that was walking towards us.
"Shit," she shouted as she squat down to hide her slit. As she squat down I pulled on one of the strings on her top. Again she didn't notice straight away, not until she stood up and the triangles of her top were pointing towards the floor, her tiny tits on display for the world to see. Well the now 2 men that were walking our way.
"Stop doing that," she said as she corrected her wardrobe malfunction but only retying the strings loosely.
We were both giggling as we opened the door to the sauna room where we saw some sunbeds, a small pool that had a sign above it calling it a 'plunge pool' and warning that it was very cold, a couple of curtained showers, and of course the main sauna.
"You ready for this?" B asked.
"Are we supposed to be naked or do we keep our bikinis on?" I replied.
"No idea. Let's take them off and hang them on those hooks."
We did, and opened the door to the sauna.
Four pairs of men's eyes turned and looked at us. All 4 men had their swimming shorts on."
"Oops." I said, "I guess that we misunderstood the rules."
"Too late now girls," one elderly man said, "come on in, shut the door and climb up on a bench. There's plenty of room for you to lay on the benches."
"Well if they don't care about us being naked then I sure as hell didn't." I thought as I closed the door and climbed up onto to the lower bench. B was sprawled out on her back at one end and me at the other end. Both of us had kept out legs as far apart as the bench would allow and all 4 men were looking down at our pussies.
"This is going to make me cum." I thought as I lay there resisting the urge to rub my clit. We lay there for something like 10 minutes with me noticing the bulges that were appearing in the men's shorts.
I was just getting to the point of no return when I realised that the heat was getting too much for me. My arousal level descended as I got hotter and hotter.
Finally, I had had enough and I kicked B's feet and told her that I was getting out.
B got up and followed me.
We just stood there, both of us a little dizzy from the heat.
"Jump into the plunge pool." B said.
"It's freezing." I replied.
"I dare you."
I looked at her then jumped in. Geez was it cold. I quickly clambered for the steps and climbed out.
"I dare you to do that B." I said.
She did and I swear that everyone in the building would have heard her scream.
When she got out we looked at each other and saw that we had 4 rock hard, throbbing nipples. I wondered if my clit had shrunk right up to my stomach.
"I'm cold." B said so I grabbed her hand and pulled her back into the sauna. The 4 men looking delighted that we were back.
"I take it that you've just been in the plunge pool?" One of the men asked.
"Yes, I didn't think that it would be that cold. Look what it's done to my nipples." I replied.
It was silly telling them to look at our nipples because all 8 eyes were already glued to them. We lay down in the same places and slowly thawed out. As I warmed up my arousal grew as well, so quickly that I couldn't stop myself from touching my clit. After realising that it was still there I gave it a quick rub and an orgasm took control of my body.
I moaned and my body jerked for a good minute before the pleasure subsided enough for me to realise that B was in the middle of an orgasm as well.
"Sorry about that," I said to the nearest man, "I just couldn't help it."
"That's okay love, it gets you like that sometimes, nothing to be embarrassed about, it's just natural."
I smiled and thought that there was no way that I was sorry or embarrassed.
B and I got out soon after that and went and lay on 2 of the sunbeds. After a couple of minutes B said,
"That was soo cool, we've got to come here again."
"I don't know that we'll be able to be naked the next time, we shouldn't have taken our bikinis off this time."
"I'm sure that we'll find a way."
I laughed and thought,
"I'm sure that we will."
As we sat there, the men in the sauna started coming out having lasted much longer than we did. Both B and I were laying in the sunbeds with our knees up and our pussies exposed to the world, and each of the men took a good long look at us before leaving. As the last one stared at our pussies B said that she wanted to go to the steam room. When I said that I didn't know where it was the man pointed to a door and said that it was through there.
We thanked him and got up to put our bikinis back on.
As we went through the door I told B that we'd try the same trick about not knowing what the dress code was. When we stood outside the door to the steam room I loudly said,
"Do you know if we have to be naked in there or keep our bikinis on?"
B smiled and replied,
"I don't know, if we take them off we can always put them back on."
With that we pulled on all our bikini strings, then hung them up on the pegs and opened the door. The steam rushed out enveloping us as we walked in.
Wow, was it different to the sauna, there was some light on but I couldn't see if there was anyone in there or not. I could vaguely make out that the place was smaller than the sauna and I guessed that people just sat on the plastic benches so I pulled B's hand to the nearest bench and sat down.
I was only just getting used to the steam when someone opened the door and held it open. The steam rushed out and I started to be able to see things in there, and the people in there. There was only a couple in there and the girl was as naked as B and I were. Well not quite, she had a landing strip on her pubes.
A man finally came in and sat opposite B and me. Thinking that the steam would soon obscure his view of us I lifted my feet and put them on the front edge of the seat, This had the effect of making the whole of my pussy visible to him, a fact that he didn't miss and he stared at it until the steam got too thick.
I was a little disappointed with the steam room and just after the man couldn't see my pussy I took B's hand and led her out. As we showered I told B that I hadn't enjoyed the steam room as much as the sauna and I wasn't surprised to hear that she agreed.
We put on our bikinis and headed back to the main pool area.
As we walked B sneakily pulled on my bikini strings and I pretended not to notice until both halves were on the floor. Then I shouted at her to attract the attention of the people near us. I squat down and made a big deal of putting the bikini back on then thumped B's arm and called her a 'naughty bitch'.
When we got back to the main pool we saw the cafe and decided to get a snack and a drink. We diverted to the changing room and B got her purse then we went to the cafe. It felt so naughty and nice queueing to get served in a bikini that was was so small and barely staying on me and when the young man served us he was staring at the little tents in our bikini tops.
As I stood there I decided that the next time that we went there I was going to wear one of Eve's 'nearly strings only' bra and knickers set that has see-through mesh instead of conventional underwear material.
When we sat down to eat I pulled both strings on B's bikini bottoms just as she was sitting down. She sat eating with the front of her bikini dangling down between her legs and she kept laying back in the chair so that anyone who was passing could see the front of her slit. I saw 1 young man do a double-take as he walked passed staring at us. He nearly tripped on a chair that was stuck out a bit and I laughed.
When it came time to leave the cafe B just stood up then screamed and sat down again, but not before a young couple had turned to look at her. I heard the girl say,
"Poor thing."
I smiled as B tied her bikini then followed me back to the pool.
Standing there looking around I asked B if she wanted to leave and go home or have some more fun.
"I want another go in that goldfish bowl slide." B replied.
"And I want to go into the sauna again."
"Let's do both," we both said almost in stereo.
We went to the goldfish bowl slide first and again pulled on our bikini strings just as soon as we got on the slide at the top. When I went on it B stood near the windows in the bowl and watched the people watch the naked me, followed by my bikini, going round then dropping through the hole. She later told me that the comments ranged from "poor girl" to "slut" and "I bet she did that on purpose."
Of course the later was true but B didn't tell them.
It was B's turn next and as I watched she got similar comments as I had except that 2 of the young men watching couldn't decide if B was the same girl as a few minutes ago. I was stood next to them but they didn't realise that I was the first girl, probably too busy watching B.
Then it was the sauna again. We again loudly said that we didn't know what the dress code was before taking our bikinis off again. Again I said,
"Oops, got that wrong," I said when we went in and saw 2 men with shorts on, one of them with a girl in a bikini.
B replied saying,
"Too late now, they've all seen us, just lay on the bench."
We did and the 2 men stared at our little tits and pussies until the couple got up and left leaving just the 1 man and us.
Well that was good enough for us and without even saying anything or even looking each other in the face, our right hands moved to our pussies and got busy.
The poor man had to watch us bring ourselves to orgasms. Why he didn't get his cock out and have a wank I will never know. Maybe he was scared that we might scream and shout rape, but it didn't really matter, we had our orgasms before he left.
We again dared each other to jump into the plunge pool, this time together, and were just climbing out when 2 men came in, stared at us then went into the sauna. We went to the sunbeds and lay down to thaw out but we were disappointed when no one came in and saw us before we decided that it was about time to go home.
But showing our bodies didn't stop at that point, we still had to have a shower before leaving and we'd seen that there was just one, big communal shower. Presumably people were supposed to keep their swimming costumes on but we didn't. We took our bikinis off at the lockers and took just our shampoo to the showers.
We half expected to be seen by a member of staff and get told to leave but we never saw any, instead quite a few people watched us showering naked. The thing was, no one seemed to care that we were naked, which was a bit of a disappointment. Maybe we should have waited until some older men came in.
Anyway, we showered then went back to our locker where we got dried then dressed. A couple of older men did walk by and had a good look at us, We just smiled at them and continued getting dry then dressed.
******
Working
The next week both Beaver and I were working at Eve's shop all week.
Our full week working was fun. Eve was happy for us to wear just the 'strings only' underwear and bikinis all the time in the shop and there was quite a few quiet periods where Eve let us play 'statues', usually in the shop window. That was great fun and it was quite a turn-on watching the people outside looking at us and wondering if were were plastic or flesh.
Most of the customers seemed more relaxed as well and in the changing rooms girls took a lot longer to decide and often came out to have a look at a distance in the mirror on the end wall. And sometimes that was in just underwear. I had one conversation in there with a girl who was trying on 'strings only' underwear. She was trying to decide if she liked seeing herself with a landing strip or bald like me. We stood next to each other while she looked at both our pubes before deciding that the landing strip had to go.
There was another girl who kept coming out of the changing room totally naked and swapping the dress that she was going to try on. One time that she came out I heard her say to Beaver,
"I just can't make up my mind, you don't mind do you?"
Beaver just said that it was okay.
We enjoyed our full week, it was different but okay. If working there full-time paid a lot better I could definitely do it. Being nearly naked all the time was a blast.
******