It's been a week since your first encounter with Amy. In that time, you've been watching her cat just like you agreed to. You didn't even remember giving her your number, but then a few hours later you get a text full of instructions. Apparently, she wanted her cat walked every day. Like on the street. Her landlord didn't want the cat to be left alone that whole time with no supervision. Didn't trust cats, you guess. You just go along with it. You agreed to it, after all, and it was safe to say she had offered adequate "payment," as it were.
You still can't believe that happened. Nothing like that had ever happened to you before. You're pretty sure you've never met a girl like Amy before. She was the kind of girl you heard about in wild stories from friends or acquaintances, but you never really believed them. Most women weren't comfortable sucking some stranger's dick so casually. For something so mundane.
Amy wasn't most women. That afternoon, she returned home. A knock comes at your door. It's Amy, and she's here to pick up her cat. You open the door very awkwardly. You're not sure what to say to you. Your flustered as can be, seeing this girl again after the compromising position she left you in last time. She seems perfectly relaxed. A pet taxi hangs in her right hand.
"Hey, Matt! How's Misty?"
Misty was her cat. Keeping her around with your own cat, who hates other felines, was a challenge. You had to keep Misty locked up in another room moat of the day. She wasn't happy about that.
"Uhhh, she's fine," you say, obviously distracted.
Apart from the inherent awkwardness of the situation, Amy looked absolutely beautiful today. She was all gussied up. She was wearing a tight black top with a shiny red miniskirt. Her tiny purse was hung over her sleeveless shoulder. She had makeup on today, and just the right amount. Nothing too over the top. Just some lipstick, maybe some eyeshadow? You don't know anything but makeup, but she looks fucking good. You know that.
She giggles at your flustered state. She knows why you're acting so sheepishly, and she seems to find it cute. You picked up on a few signs to look for when a girl seemed interested in you, and Amy was checking all the boxes. You didn't get it though. This girl was out if your league. She was cute as a girl could be. Perfectly dainty and feminine. She was like a plucky fairy, but no wings, and she smelled of something you imagined was some exotic, pleasant flower.
You invite her inside, unable to resist sneaking a look at her tight, tiny ass in that miniskirt of hers. She spun around, you look the other way.
She giggles again. "You like the skirt, huh?"
You're so embarrassed. She had caught you, but she didn't seem to mind at all. If anything, it seemed to charm her.
What a wild girl.
You say nothing in response, too bashful to really speak. She smiled on, and went to collect her cat. She returns a moment later, and pricks her lip again. God, does she look so cute when she does that. She seemed to do it whenever she was about to ask you something, like she's anxious of your answer. The thought of this beautiful girl being anxious about speaking to you blows your mind.
"Hey, so, I'm sorry if I came on way too strong the first time we met," she said. "I was desperate, and it seemed like the best way to get you to agree."
Strong. Yeah. That's one thing to call it. You can't believe she's apologizing for sucking your cock though.
"Uh, it's okay," you say with reddened cheeks, trying to avoid looking at her.
She bites her lip. "I really do appreciate you looking after Misty though. I wanna thank you in a more appropriate way. We can go out to dinner, if you want. My treat."
Your eyes widened In astonishment. "Are, are you asking me out?"
She chuckles and flushed her cheeks, now looking embarrassed herself. "Yeah, I guess I am. So, you wanna go?"
You've never been asked out by a girl before in your life. Frankly, you were doubtful it ever happened at all outside of movies, at least to average-ish guys like you. You always thought you were pretty decent looking, but not nearly a head turner or anything. Yet here was Amy, one of the prettiest girls you've ever seen.
She's asking you out. She's waiting anxiously for your answer.
You're still not convinces this is legit. She could easily be using you. If she was, she was doing a very good job. She seemed so... sincere.
Of course, you agree. This thrills her. She leaves with a happy smile and a bounce go her step. She days pick her up at seven. You say sure. You close the door and feel like you're about to pass out.
What the hell is happening?
You wear your best clothes and pick her up after getting a quick haircut. She's wearing the same stunning outfit as before. You were hoping she would. That red skirt of hers just barely covers her ass. It makes her long legs look like heaven. She's got a different kind of purse now. One you hold in your hands. You think its called a clutch. The only thing different about her clothes is a set of black stiletto heels. Long ones. Maybe four or five inches. Amy was already an above average girl in terms of height, but with those stilts on she's probably 5'10 or 5'11. Easily as tall as you.Maybe a bit taller, even.
You always liked taller girls, so it's fantastic.
She opens your car door and gives you a smile, and hops on in. "Hi!" she says, as peppy as ever.
"Hey, you uh, you doing good?"
"I'm great!"
"So, where's place you wanna go?" you ask, swallowing hard. "You have a place in mind, right?"
"Yeah, its this place called The Seaside Chateau? It's a seafood place, I think. I made a reservation."
You glance at her in a bit of shock. "I know it. That place is really expensive."
Amy shrugs. "Don't worry about it. I'm buying."
If someone told you that you'd be not just on a date with a girl as pretty as this, but that she'd be buying you dinner, you'd direct them to the nearest mental institution. Frankly, this girl gives you weird vibes. Something'a gotta be wrong with her, right? Like, she seems nice as can be, but what if she's insane or something? She's a few things you'd call crazy, sucking your cock less than five minutes after meeting you being chief among them.
You drive off to the restaurant. It's in the ritzier side if town, but only like ten minutes away. It's a work night, so it shouldn't be that busy. You turn on the radio. She's quiet most of the way. You catch her staring st you a few times before looking away and smiling ti herself. Does she really find you this attractive?
You're starting to think maybe this girl really is crazy. Why is she acting like you're something special? You've never been something special, except like to your parents and stuff. And does she really have enough money to just blow what'll probably be two hundred dollars on a whimpered like this? Who is this girl? Is she an OnlyFans model or something?
That's your best working theory so far. It would explain a lot.
You probably wouldn't be comfortable dating an OnlyFans girl. You were nowhere near secure enough to let guys on the internet stare at your girlfriend naked or worse. You'd get jealous as hell. You probably shouldn't be getting involved with a girl like this.
But she's just so damn sweet and charming. You can't resist her. She's offering you excitement. Something mysterious and unknown. You can't help but wanna spend time with her. Her company is addicting, and not just because she's beautiful.
This girl is Pandora's Box, and you're Pandora.
You step outside the car and lock it. You're still wondering what the hell this girl wants with you as you're walking to across the street. Amy's a few steps ahead of you in the parking lot. She looks back and sees you there.
She pricks her lip again. She looks a little uncertain, and turns her head back around. You raise a brow.
"Something wro-?"
Your question is cut off by the sound of Amy's clutch falling to the ground.
"Oops!" she says, too dramatically.
You think nothing of it at the time. The pretty girl you're on a date with just dropped her purse. You should pick it up for her, right? Show her you're a gentleman. It's the instinctual thing for a guy in your position to do.
But she beads you to it. She makes sure you're right behind her when she bends all the way over to reach the clutch lying on the sidewalk. Her skimpy clothing rides up her rear end so you can look right up shiny red skirt. You freeze in place, eyes glued to her ass. You've come across an erection jolting discovery.
Amy's not wearing panties. You're starting right at her cunt, peeking back at you through her long, creamy legs. You can barely register what you're looking af before she stands straight back up and pulls down her skirt, clutch in hand. She keeps right on walking, then stops when she sees you're not following, and twisted her head to you with, those painted red lips forming an innocent smile.
"Come on, what're you standing around for?" she asks, as if she didn't just do what she just did.
That was clearly intentional, you realize. Amy had just exposed herself to you. Hell, Amy had just flashed her vagina at you, never mind her butt. Although, her butt looked really great too. You look over your shoulder to make sure no one was behind you. You hear her giggle from behind. Still, she doesn't address it.
"Come on, dude. Let's get in there."
You turn back around and are faced with a bit of a problem. You're now rock hard, and who could blame you? You do your best to hide it as you walk along. Amy just stands there with her hands at her sides l, smirking at you. Waiting for you. You come to her side. She speaks softly when you reach her, almost whispering right in your ear.
"You like that?" She asks.
You turn to her. Her tone's changed. Innocent girl person's gone. Her voice is sultry, and she's staring at you with misty bedroom eyes. She's hypnotizing you.
"You like my pussy, Matt?" she asks again, clamping down on her lower lip. "Because it likes you." Her breath is thick. Husky. Her inhales are short and quick. She's excited, maybe as much as you are.
Before you can even think to respond, she turns away, heading toothed restaurant's door. Again, you stand still, glued in place. She gets to the door and looks back to see you haven't moved. You can only imagine the stupid look on your face that made her laugh as much as she is. She comes up to you and takes your hand. Fuck, she's so soft. Her skin is like a silky cloud. She guides you to the door.
"You're crazy," you say to her, full of sweat and disbelief. "Who are you?"
She seems confused by the question. "Whaddya mean? I'm Amy. I'm just the girl who lives next door. That's all."
With that, she spins around and heads inside. You follow before the door closes in your face. What the hell was that supposed to mean, you ask yourself as you come up behind her in the restaurant. The place is nice. You've never actually been in here, but it'd pretty fancy. Not too busy tonight, either. Amy turns to you after she's finished speaking with the hostess.
"They're getting our table ready. She says it'll just a few minutes."
You look around the half empty restaurant. "There's plenty of tables."
"Yeah, but I asked for the one upstairs near the big window. I like the view," she said. "Cone on, take a seat," she says, pointing go the bench.
You're so out of sorts you can barely recall your own name. This girl is overwhelming. You can't believe she's actually real, or that she's here with you. You sit down. You could use the rest. Amy sits down on the bench across from you. You start to wonder why. Your date usually sits next to you. Why is she over there?
Then you spot Amy check to make sure no one's watching, then flash you a sly smile as she casually uncrosses her legs. That's when you remember Amy isn't wearing any underwear.
Your eyes go wide when Amy spreads her legs ever so slightly, enough for you to see up into her darkened crotch. You can make out her trimmed black bush, and the very top of her vaginal opening. Her eyes narrowed, enjoying the reactions she's getting from you.
"What are you doing?" you whisper to her in a panic.
This girl is absolutely nuts. Doesn't she know there are cameras? Does she not care?
"What do you mean? I'm just getting comfortable, that's all," she said coyly.
Amy looks around again, then spreads her legs a bit wider. She pulls her skirt up a little. You can now clearly make out the lips of her tight pink cunt, visible from a narrow crevice in-between her legs. Her hand wanders downwards to block your view. You cast your gaze back up to her eyes to see her sporting a playful, mischievous expression.
"Do you like it?" she asks, dropping the act. "Do you like my vagina? Do you think it's cute?"
"You're gonna get us caught," you say, looking over both your shoulders.
"Maybe I want to be caught," she says, and she spreads her legs even wider, almost splayed out in either direction.
Now her pussy is in clearly view, her skirt riding up her ass. Her womanhood is fully illuminated under the restaurant light. You want to tell her to stop, but how could you? She looks fucking perfect. She places her hand between her legs, beginning to rub her self in public. A slight moan escaped her lips.
"You're insane," you whisper.
This is almost too much for you to bear. Too much adrenaline. Your life was so boring before this.
"Tell me you like it," she says with a grin.
"What?" you ask.
"Tell me how much you like my pretty pussy. Then I'll stop. Come on, tell me." Her finger traces up her sex, until it comes to rest against her trembling clit. She squeezes it, making herself mewl ever so lightly.
What is this wacky slut up to? Does she want self affirmation. Is she just fucking with you? You see the hostess coming towards you over Amy's shoulder. You don't trust her to close her legs before she's caught. You're gonna have to just say it.
"Your cunt is perfect, Amy. It's beautiful."
Amy grins in victorious glee, then closes her legs and pulls down her skirt just before the hostess turns the corner. You breathe a sigh of relief. The hostess gives you both a smile.
"Okay, follow me, you two."
You and Amy follow the hostess upstairs. You can't help but look up Amy's skirt as you trail behind her. She's got you in a stranglehold. She's in full control. You hate it and you love it. It's thrilling, yet unbearable. You take your seat across from her. She's just looking at you with that grin.
"Please, no more crazy stunts," you say.
You can't believe you're asking a girl to stop flashing you, but you never anticipated meeting a girl as wild as this one. She gives a nod.
"Okay. That's enough for one night. Believe it or not, that actually took a lot out of me," she said, taking a long breath.
Dinner just kind of passes you by. You're in an adrenaline dump. You talk to her about a few mundane things, like this is just a normal first date, and she didn't just flash you a few moments ago. The food is pretty good. Probably not worth the price they're asking, but whatever. She's paying. She opens her purse when the check comes. You blink when you see the sheer amount of money she has in her wallet. She pills out two hundreds from a sizeable wad of them and zips it right back up.
Holy shit, you think. This girl is loaded! Beautiful and rich? No fucking way.
She pays the bill, not minding at all paying for the man on the first date. Normally, you probably wouldn't let a girl do that out of principle. You figure you should at least offer to split it with her, but there was absolutely nothing normal a out this. She's rich as hell, so you let her pay. You're finish up and you're out if the restaurant in under an hour. It went by so fast. Your world is a blur right now. You drive her home. She spends the whole ride sneaking looks at you. You notice her hand wanders between her legs, but then withdraws after hanging in mid air for a few moments. You guess she thought better of masturbating in your car and staining your seats.
You pull up to her house. She turns to you and flashes you a grin. Her hand tightens on your upper thigh. She seems to want you bad. You have no idea why, but she does. Once again, she pricks her pretty lip.
"How about you... come inside?"
The smart thing to do would be to say no. You feel that if you go in there, you'll never get out from under her thumb. She's already got a hell of a hold on you. This girl is bad news. She's a walking whirlwind of trouble. Letting her into your life is almost sure to end in disaster.
But she's got you. You can't say no. Those big brown eyes have got you hypnotized. You're already addicted to her. You just can't get enough.
The next moment, you're inside her house. You don't remember walking through the door. You follow her up the stairs. She's peeking back at you, knowing you're peeking up her skirt. She wants you to. She pulls her skirt up over bottom so you can gape at her perky ass. You make it to her door.
The point of no return. You can feel it. She opens the door and pulls you inside.
She drops her purse on the chair at her desk and spins around to face you. She says no words. She's just smiling at you like you're the best thing that ever happened to her. She pulls her shirt over her head. No bra. Surprise surprise. She approaches you slowly, taking her time, step by step.
Her tits are tight there In your face, and they're wonderful, but you can't pry your eyes from hers. You feel paralyzed. Immobile. Like stone.
She cones to stand in front of you, and she wraps her arms around your neck, and plants a kiss right on your lips. You feel her tongue worm it's way into your mouth. Her hand reaches into your pants to cup your balls and stroke your cock. You melt into her arms. She sighs sweetly when she feels your hand take a fistful of her tight ass. She guides your other hand between her legs while she deepens your French kiss. Fuck, she's soaking wet.
She really wants you.
She leans in and whispers in your ear.
"Matt, I can't wait anymore," she whimpers, her hips trembling from your fingers rubbing her cunt. "Fuck me, Matt. Please, give me your cock."
That bursts the dam. You tackle her to the bed, and you're on top of her. She lets out a gasp as you pull her legs apart. She doesn't even have time to get her skirt off before you push your cock inside her. Hell, you still both have your shoes on. Her mouth falls open, staring up at you with wide eyes, like she's somehow shocked at this turn of events. Your mind is mush. Your dick is doing all your thinking.
"Matt..." she breathes out, holding you close as you sink deeper inside her drenched, cozy cunt.
She let's her eyes close, and arches her back upwards, pressing her breasts against your bare chest. You feel yourself strike something solid deep inside her. An obstacle.
Her cervix. The entrance to her womb. The end of the road. You've bottomed out inside her.
Your cock is absolutely throbbing, wedged between her warm, wet walls. You start pumping in and out of her. Fucking her. Amy's eyes grow narrow and glaze over. Her head falls back against the pillow. Her legs stretch even wider so you can get as deep as you want. Your balls are slapping against her vagina. Her mouth falls open, her painted lips parting to form the shape of a long, slender 'O.'
She moans for you. She moans like a whore.
You pick up the pace. Her skirt is still on her, now hiked up over waist. You're just burying yourself into her with clumsy, wild motions. She doesn't seem to mind, in fact she's bucking her hips against yours in the same level of guileless, lustful abandon.
You're fucking her like an animal. She's fucking you like an animal. Its like, somehow, she needed this as much as you did. This beautiful, naughty girl was moving like she hadn't had a cock inside her in years. She was hungry. Her cunt was starving for your dick. Her breasts are bouncing up and down in your face. The bed is creaking from your strong thrusts. You're groaning and wincing from the sheer tightness of her folds. She's mewling adorable, high pitched whimpers and moaning your name.
Her arms sprawl out above her head. She kicks off her heels, which until then had been dangling loosely while you pounded her pretty pussy. She then wraps both her legs around your waist, inviting you in deeper, like she wants your manhood to stay forever inside her aching cunt. Her vagina is making wet slapping sounds. Feminine fluids are leaking from her opening. Her hand wanders down underneath your body to start furiously rubbing her clit. She cries out in wanton pleasure.
"Oh fuck! Matt! Oh, God!"
Her body is trembling against yours, her walls squeezing you tighter than before, and she was already unbearably fucking tight. You can hardly believe it, but you think you just made her cum. She came for you, all over your hard cock. It takes her a moment to come down from her climax, meanwhile you're still pumping her. Her post orgasm cunt is like a snug, sloshy slice of heaven.
She's looking up at you like she's in love with you, like she can't get enough of you or your dick. She pulls you in close for another intimate, tongue-filled kiss. You're in bliss. All the blood in your body is rushing to your groin. You're about to blow.
"A-amy, I'm -."
"Cum inside me, Matt," she says, reading your mind. "It's okay. I'm on the pill."
The words are music to your ears. You let out one last groan, and you explode inside her cunt. Amy moans shameless, wanton moans as she feels you flood her waiting womb with your thick seed. Her irises roll up in the back of her head, her eyelids fluttering like the wings of a butterfly in flight. Free at last.
"Oh fuck yes," she breathes out, exhausted and out of breath.
You collapse on top of her, your face nestled in her soft breasts. She doesn't protest, and goes limp underneath you. Neither of you speak a single word. You're both too tired. She's out like a light, falling asleep before you. Your cock is still nestled deep inside her. You don't want to leave. Why would you?
You pass out not long after she does.