My name is David Shaw. I live in a small, rural town; the kind that gets up with the sun and revolves around planting and harvest. Farm equipment generally clogs the roadways during the summer and snowdrifts clog roadways during the winter. The majority of residents in my town have long histories of ancestors settling and working the land. The newer residents have floated here to get away from the rat-race of big city life.
I don't necessarily choose to live here, but I'm a 2nd year university student and Mom & Dad's house is cheaper than a shoebox apartment just off campus. The drive isn't too bad, although I do say a prayer every time I get into my ancient car.
I have been working at the town's movie theatre since the age of 12. My job, when I was first employed, was to push around a broom, handle a dust rag, empty garbage bins and to re-stock theatre production pamphlets.
Dr. Walter Sparrow, the theatre owner, had been very stern back then. He expected perfection- not a speck of dust was to be seen anywhere! I had been extremely afraid of him, even to the point where I asked my mom to quit working at the theatre. But I stayed and was diligent in my work and the Doc mellowed. He shared with me his love for the movies- especially the classics-, so much so that when I entered university, I made my major Film Studies. I am in year two of a four-year degree.
Years of diligent service had also produced other perks at the theatre. I now get the keys when I work the late shift. I also graduated from gopher to Film Associate and have been able to pick my own favourite movies to showcase. Most importantly, I have access to as much warm, buttery, popcorn as I can get my hands on.
Doc Wally had given me the keys to the theatre when I arrived earlier this evening. He had said that there wasn't much foot traffic, meaning no one had come by yet to buy tickets for the late show. He had decided to close down one of the two screens in the theatre for the evening- why waste electricity? I, therefore, expect a slow night and have picked one of my favourite classic movies to present for the late-night screening. I swear, I've seen this one a hundred times, but you can't argue with quality. I'm really going to enjoy this show!
I'm setting up the movie reel for the allotted show time when I hear noises in the theatre below. One advantage of being a Film Associate is the view I have from the Preparation Room above the Theatre 1 seats. Being here allows me to have access to most of the movies we can showcase; it also allows me to be present in the event of a problem, AND I get the best seat in the house- a clear, unobstructed view of every seat in the theatre and of my favourite thing in the whole world: A great movie on a gigantic movie screen. As such, from my vantage point I can see a middle-aged couple, folks that I do not recognize, making their way towards the back of the theatre to the third last row of seating.
It surprises me that they have come in tonight. I had expected things to be super-quiet. Hopefully they like the film I have chosen for tonight. Hopefully they enjoy the show.
The movie is ready to go and the picture starts rolling. As the opening credits light up the screen, Buddy leans over and whispers to his lady friend. This initial movement catches my attention and my hand stills in the large, greasy, popcorn bag on my lap. He makes a show of looking around as if to make sure the coast is clear and again whispers in her ear. She, too, sits up and takes a look around. She even goes so far as to look up at the Film Associate window, but I duck out of the way just in time, spilling some precious kernels with the sudden movement. She pauses for a moment and nods eagerly at her friend. She shrugs out of her jacket, pushing her large breasts forward with the action. He watches her breasts as she completes this task. She looks at him and he slowly reaches across her chest to cup her breast. She looks down at his hand, the one that is now massaging her. His hand isn't quite big enough to get all of it in his palm, but neither of them seem to mind. I am dumbfounded at what I'm seeing. My popcorn falls to the floor forgotten as I rise out of my director's chair and press my face against the window. Should I let them know I'm here? My 20-year old cock says, "No", because he has already sprung to life. I rub the front of my jeans and the ache increases. It feels so good to touch myself. If I masturbate, no one will ever know. My attention goes back to the couple.
She is wearing a peasant top that is tied at the neck. He pulls the tie and allows her top to fall open. Her breasts are large, round and encased in a lacy, light-pink push-up bra. His hand goes back to her breast and he pulls one tit free of the bra. The nipple is large and he uses his thumb to play with it. She tilts her head back, enjoying the assault. She rests her hand in his lap and starts a light massage of his cock through his jeans. He moves his hand to her other breast, repeating the action of the first: Exposing it, freeing it from the confines of her lingerie and using his thumb and now index finger to play with the swollen nipple. He pinches and twists the nipple and her back arches. She's breathing heavily and from my vantage point I can see both breasts heaving as she enjoys his breast play. Her hand, all the while, has been increasing pressure in his lap; the bulge in his pants has become thicker and more apparent. As has mine. I open my zipper to release some of the pressure and let my hard cock rest in my greasy hands. I stroke it lightly and continue watching.
She leans over and kisses him. Their mouths open to each other, tongues mating and tasting. He takes his hand from her breast and moves it down her leg and slips it under her skirt. She moves her right leg over the seat in front of her and scoots down lower in her seat to give him better access. She takes the edge of her skirt and pulls it up to watch his hand play with her soft, light-skinned pussy. It is naked, but hairy, and his palm starts rubbing and massaging her. I have never seen a pussy in real life before. My stroking quickens at the thought of getting a more up-close view.
She opens her legs as wide as the seats will allow and hooks her left leg over the armrest and into his lap. I have a birds-eye view of her shiny, pink pussy covered in spongy, light-brown hair. My mouth goes dry; my stroking gets harder and faster. The lights from the movie screen are reflected on her soft pink skin, proving how wet she must be. I groan. He puts three fingers into his mouth to get them good and wet. His hand stills on the way back to her crotch and he whispers into her ear. She nods.
"Yes, do it!" I scream in my mind.
He whispers again. She nods more emphatically.
"Yes, do it!!" I scream louder in my mind.
He laughs, takes two of those three wet fingers and slides them into her.
"Oh, God!!" I groan in my mind.
She arches her back. He pulls his fingers out of her, pops them back into his mouth for a taste and slides them back into her again. He finger fucks her; slowly at first and quickening his pace. As the movie plays, little sounds can be heard between the moments of scripted dialogue. Low moans, groans and gasps- most of them are hers, but some of them are mine. Her hands are on her breasts, rolling her nipples and her body is heaving in time to his finger fuck. Her hips begin to buck and animalistic yelps have been added to her other sounds. A third finger has been added and she's taken it like a bitch in heat, straining for release. His hand is ramming her hard and fast and her head starts to thrash left and right. She arches her entire body, grabbing her breasts hard as his hand continues ramming her harder and faster. I fear she's going to curl herself right up over the back of her chair. I fear I'm going to explode into a million pieces. Suddenly, she cries out and we both cum at the same time, my ejaculation spraying the window.
I sag against the side wall and she collapses back into her seat. As Buddy Fuck-Friend pulls his hand out of her spent pussy, her body convulses slightly with the last echoes of her orgasm. Her legs are still splayed wide; her drenched pussy hot and throbbing. Her breasts are still heaving as her breathing slows; her nipples swollen. Fuck-Friend takes his hand from her lap and, while she watches, licks and sucks on every one of his fingers. After a few minutes, he slowly sits up and laughs softly. She now whispers something in his ear and he nods. Although my legs are still shaking from my release, my interest is once again piqued. She moves down in front of him, using her jacket as knee protection, breasts still fully exposed. Her nipples are a testament to the temperature in the theatre. The A/C is always on during the summer months in anticipation of large crowds. Tonight we seem to just have large breasts to worry about. The nipples are erect and rock-hard and they bump and sway as she gets into position. He opens his legs to allow her more room and tilts his head back. From up above, I can see her massaging his thighs and moving her hands closer to the prize. I feel a stirring once again and look down. I hadn't yet tucked my cock back into my jeans. And by the looks of things below, we are moving into the second act.
His erection has grown and is straining against his fly. She takes his zipper in her hand and slowly brings it down. His cock, large, thick, veiny, and fully erect, catapults out of his pants. She laughs at his eagerness and immediately grips it with both of her hands. I grip my own hardening cock and start to stroke once again. She uses her thumb to circle the tip and angles her mouth toward it. I see her stick her soft, pink tongue out of her mouth and touch the tip to his head. He jerks slightly but continues watching her intently. She pools saliva in her mouth and spits onto the head of his cock, spreading it around with her thumbs. She's doing this slowly and deliberately and he is loving it. She then spits onto the palms of her hands and slowly wraps her hands around his shaft, moving them up and down, slowly, in a rotating motion. I imitate her movements and spit on my own cock. My saliva mingles with the remnants of popcorn grease and my cock becomes all slippery; stroking it this way feels phenomenal.
She stops to pull his pants and boxers down to his ankles. She lowers her head once again and takes the head into her hot, wet mouth. My breath catches as I watch. She sucks the tip, using her mouth to create a suction seal. She releases it and repeats another 3-4 times. Simultaneously, her right hand had encircled his cock and slowly moving up and down. Her left hand has moved to his balls and is slowly massaging. She rubs his cock all over her face and opens her mouth wide.
"No, she isn't going to?... Oh yes, she is..." My throat is dry.
She takes it all the way to the back of her throat. Her lips touch his abdomen. His hands, gripping the arm rests, fly off and land in her long honey-brown hair, grabbing fistfuls of it. His hips are slowly coming off the seat. She moves her head up, slowly at first, and then back, and repeats, picking up the pace. She's gobbling his cock, taking it so far down her throats she gags. Saliva and pre-cum stream from her mouth and pool at the base of his cock. His grip on her hair tightens and he moves his hips to fuck her mouth. His jaw is clenched as he fucks her hard in the face. She is able to pull free before he cums. She wants to try another position. She stands and mounts him. Her long legs straddle him and she is able to sink down onto his extremely ready cock. Her exposed breasts, still available for tasting, are suddenly in his mouth.
He sucks her nipples and plays with her breasts, both hands squeezing, rolling nipples as he bites the tender flesh. Her mouth gaps open at this exquisite torture, her tongue rolling out of her mouth. Her head tilts back and she grips his hair for balance. His hands rest on her hips and help her to move up and down. Her hands move to his shoulders and fingers dig into the soft leather encasing his body. She takes over the rhythm and bounces on his lap, her breasts swaying in time to her motion. He grabs her smooth, naked, ass cheeks, opening them wider as he thrusts into her from below. He is able to shove one of his middle fingers into her ass and I can hear her gasp out in pleasure. Her head is tilted up to ceiling and her eyes are closed, enjoying every sensation from her lover fucking her in her hot pussy and finger-fucking her ass.
Suddenly, she opens her eyes and spots me through the Film Assistant's window above. Her eyes widen as she takes in the sight of me with my cock in my hand, masturbating and panting hot breath against the window. She never breaks stride and instead smiles slightly like a cat who just gotten another serving of cream. She bites her bottom lip and grinds her hips with more enthusiasm, taking his cock faster and harder and his finger deeper into her ass. Her eyes never leave me as if the sight of me watching her being fucked has excited her more. She reaches down to her pussy to start massaging her clit. My hand feels amazing on my own hard cock and I am going to cum soon. Her face takes on a dreamy appearance and her eyes being to roll back into her head. I can tell she is close, as well. Fuck-Friend is thrusting hard up into her and leans her back to get a bit more traction.
He has removed his finger from her ass and has brought his hands back to her breasts. He grips them so hard that flesh seeps between his fingers. The pain he causes her, combined with rubbing her clit, is too much for her. She cums violently, crying out while she convulses again and again on his lap. Watching her cum has been the tipping point for both me and Fuck-Friend. A second, massive, hot stream of cum ejaculates from my cock and hits the window. Fuck-Friend gets to cum inside his hot bitch and yells out before doing so. They both sag together in their shared seat. Both my hands are up against the window and I am trying to catch my breath.
That is literally the best sex I have ever had; albeit one-handed. The evidence is slowly seeping down the window. She looks up at me, winks and licks her lips. I smirk at her, point to my evidence on the window, and salute her. I tuck my cock back in my pants, do up the zipper and slowly back away from the window.
That is, by far, the best show I have ever seen at a movie theatre.
30 mins later, after confirming the couple has vacated Theatre 1, I exit the Film Associate's loft through the secret door in the stairwell. To my shock I see the "Theatre Closed" placard in from of Theatre 1's door. I laugh out loud. My two guests this evening must have placed that placard to discourage other attendees from entering the theatre. Doc Wally won't be pleased with the sales numbers tonight, but I'll refrain from giving him any details.
Later, the theatre is quiet and the support staff have all gone home. Before I lock up, I take a quick spin to the bathrooms to inspect for cleanliness. The men's room is passable and I quickly move to the ladies'. To my surprise I see a message scrawled in red lipstick on the mirror:
"David, we hoped you enjoyed the show! We'll see you next week!" Signed, Lynette and Chris.
My shock gives way and I laugh again. I quickly clean off the mirror and exit the washroom grinning from ear to ear.
"Sure, Lynette & Chris", I whisper into the darkened reception hall of the theatre, "but not if I see you first."