We celebrated my wife Carrie's 40thbirthday with a 10-day trip to a luxurious, all inclusive, resort in Mexico. Leaving cold, snowy weather, and our 17 year old twins behind with Carrie's twin sister. We were greeted by tropical sunshine and mid 80-degree weather. First, let me set the stage for you. As I said, we were celebrating my wife's 40thbirthday. I'm also 40, so we are not young, by any means. Carrie is a very attractive woman. Nice body, blonde hair, and fit. Most people comment that neither of us look our ages. Now, I'm not going to spout off my wife has the looks and body of a 20-year-old, ridiculous, but easily passes for early 30's. I'm on the short side, trim and fit, with all my hair that is still mostly jet black.
Check in was painless and pleasant, greeting us with tropical drinks from a beautiful receptionist. The first few days were idyllic, great food, sunshine, and clean beaches. We tended to spend most of the time on the patio of our swim up room, with a bar straight across from us. We like to eat early, so we made all our reservations at the A la carte restaurants for 6:00. Only exception was the reservation for the Cabaret dinner and show on Saturday where the show time and dinner start at 8:15.
Our room was referred to as a Governor Suite, really two suites combined side by side. One side had a full bath with double sinks, shower, and toilet, double closets, a bar stocked with rum, scotch, whiskey, tequila, and white and red wines. There was also a regular coffee maker and an espresso machine and a fully stocked refrigerator with sodas, water, and beer. A marble topped bar with bar stools, a table with chairs completed the front half of that room. The back half had a living area, complete with double size day bed that doubled as a couch with a large screen TV mounted on the opposite wall. A coffee table completed the furnishings. A glass sliding door leading to a swim up deck with a circular day bed on that side. The other half of the suite included another full-size bath, double sinks, shower, and toilet. A large Jacuzzi bathtub completed the bathroom area. Center section had two large closets and a writing desk. A king size bed, full size dresser with drawers, two nightstands and two lounge chairs, and another big screen TV, completed the furnishings. The swim up deck on that side had another Jacuzzi tub and lounge chairs completed the furnishings.
We celebrated our first night with a very pleasurable time in bed. It started with a slow massage of my wife's arms and legs, all the time I was blowing in her right ear. After she was squirming, I moved down trailing wet kisses along her body until I reached her pussy. She was very wet as I tongued her to her first orgasm. She pulled me up and said I need you to fuck me now. I easily slid into her very wet pussy. I used the headboard as leverage and drove hard into her for at least 10 minutes. I knew she came at least three times. Sensing she was ready for me to cum, I picked up the pace, fucking her as hard as I could. She griped me hard, holding me to her as I emptied my balls in her.
On Tuesday, on our way out to dinner, we stopped to talk to our butler at the building lobby reception area as we waited for our cart ride. As were talking, a young couple walked up and asked about where to go to dinner. The butler explained, that since they were staying in the adult resort area, they had access to all the A la Carte restaurants and unlimited reservations. We mentioned we were heading for the Mexican restaurant that had a decent reputation. The butler quickly called the restaurant and was able to secure a reservation for them at 6:00. We rode over together in a resort cart. When we got there, I gave our name and the couple asked if they could join us. My wife quickly responded with we'd love that. We had a pleasant meal. Over dinner we learned that Billy and Jackie had gotten married on Saturday and were on their honeymoon. Jackie was very cute, nice shape, with maybe 34 b cup, with a warm smile and very pleasant. Billy was a bit taller than Jackie, a bit stocky, kind of full of himself, but not overly obnoxious. Both seemed very naïve, admitted that this was the first time they were out of their Midwest state, much less out of the country. They were mid-way through their third year at college, on semester break, and both just 20.
Over dinner, we gave them a quick overview of the resort. Where to eat breakfast, lunch, and to get the butler to make reservations for dinner. We mentioned the must go to dinners, especially the Cabaret. Jackie mentioned she saw the posters and was worried that it was too risqué for them. We assured them, while the costumes did show a lot of skin, they showed less than most of the bathing suits. Billy seemed quite taken by Carrie, complimenting her, and mildly flirting. I am used to men chatting her up, usually not quite as young as Billy, and not in front of their bride. I attempted to balance the conversation by asking Jackie various questions to keep her in the conversation. We also had wine with dinner. Jackie claimed it was the first time she tasted alcohol. Even the wedding toast was a non-alcoholic wine. After a few glasses of wine, Jackie began to get a bit giddy. Right in front of us she asked Billy if they were making love again when they got back. Said they already did it before dinner. Realizing what she said, she covered her mouth, said oops, and we all laughed.
After dinner we stopped in the lobby bar and had after dinner drinks. Carrie ordered her usual Baileys, and I had an Amaretto. Jackie copied Carrie' order and ordered a Baileys which she quickly downed. The bartender goaded Billy and Jackie into tequila shots. Two shots later and Jackie was feeling no pain and was having trouble walking. By the time we reached our building, Jackie was nearly out on her feet. Billy wasn't in much better shape. It was obvious they weren't going to make it up to their third-floor room without help. I offered to help Billie get Jackie up the stairs. We walked her up between us the first flight, then she just collapsed at the second-floor landing. Billy said, grab her legs, and we'll carry her up. As I said, Billy wasn't in much better shape and carried Jackie lower and lower as we ascended the stairs. With her head down and legs up, well, by the time we reached the 3rdfloor landing, Jackie's dress was up over her thighs, and I was looking right at her sheer pantied covered cunt. Billy was smiling, said, she has great legs, right? Although that wasn't what I was staring at, I had to agree.
We finally made it to their room. As we maneuvered her to the bed, Billy said help me get her undressed, explaining that she wouldn't want to sleep in her dress. He asked me to hold her up as he slid her dress up over her butt. Then I set her down on the edge of the bed and Billy worked her dress up and off. Her panties were sheer and high cut, giving me a good view of her cunt. He quickly unfastened and removed her bra. Her breasts were high and firm, with rather smallish nipples that stood at attention. As she laid back, he started sliding her panties off her, suggesting I help. I kind of stepped back, admiring her youthful tight body. She had a light cover of fine hair above her slit and her cunt lips glistened with her juices. To say I was surprised is putting it mildly. Billy quickly dropped his pants and underwear and climbed on Jackie, fucking her as I stood there. She started to respond to the hard fucking and grabbed my hand. I'm not totally sure if she was aware that I was just watching, but she looked me right in the eyes as she was getting fucked. After a few minutes, Billy must have cum in her and climbed off, heading to the bathroom. I looked at her, admit I was tempted to follow suit and fuck her, but instead, I quickly made my exit. When I reached our room, my wife was just climbing in bed. I quickly spun her around, pulled off her pajama bottoms and we had an equally furious fuck as I just witnessed. I told my wife what happened, she mentioned I doubt we'll see much of those two again.
Imagine our surprise when they showed up for breakfast shortly after we did and asked if they could join us. Both looked a bit tired, but very little was mentioned of the night before, except for Jackie apologizing. I couldn't get the image of a naked Jackie getting hard fucked by Billy out of my head. As we walked out, Billy motioned for me to lag, I figured he wanted to talk. He said he was sorry for his actions. If Jackie knew he undressed her in front of me, much less had sex with her, she would be pissed. He was drunk, horny, and excited knowing that Jackie was so exposed. He admitted he once set it up to where his roommate got to see Jackie naked when they were having sex and she wasn't happy about it. He said, I need to know, did you do anything with Jackie after I left the room? I assured him that I didn't touch her and left right after he did. I thought he would have been relieved by my admission but seemed somewhat disappointed.
Over the next couple of days, we'd see Billy and Jackie sporadically. We usually swam in our swim up area, so didn't go to the main pool. A couple of days after our night out together, we went to the beach. Carrie was wearing a hot pink one-piece suit, cut high on the thighs; modest, but alluring. Jackie and Billy saw us and quickly grabbed the two lounges next to us. Jackie looked super-hot in a tiny, yellow bikini. She was on the lounge next to my wife. Billy went off to play volleyball and I went for a swim. Jackie and Carrie were just content to lay there and talk. Later that day my wife relayed some of the discussion. Jackie was curious if we had a good sex life. She said that she and Billy had lost their virginities to each other and had never been with anyone else. Since they lived in the dorms before their wedding, they didn't have too many opportunities to be together before their wedding night, and while they were having sex often since then, it wasn't as good as some of her friends said it should be. Carrie said she told Jackie that I was a very considerate lover. I would spend the time rubbing, kissing, and using my tongue on her to get her as excited as I could. My wife asked her if Billy spent any time on foreplay. Jackie asked her what does that mean? Carrie went on to ask if he kissed her, rubbed her body, kissed her ears and neck, rub her privates, maybe even kiss her there to get her more receptive. Jackie said no, none of that. He just pulls off her panties and pushes in. She also asked if Jackie had ever taken Billy in her mouth. Jackie was startled by the thought of doing that. My wife assured her that it was not only pleasurable for the man, but she enjoyed doing it. When I returned to the chairs, Jackie had removed her top and was laying there topless. She asked if I wanted to put suntan lotion on her. I responded that I didn't think Carrie or Billy would approve. My wife, jokingly, said go ahead. Jackie said Billy wouldn't mind one bit. At that point, Billy returned, and we decided to head to lunch. I was disappointed as Jackie put her top on and covered up with a beach wrap.
We all went up to the pool for a barbecue. Afterwards we sat there for the afternoon. Jackie removed her wrap but kept her top on. Jackie and Carrie continued to talk. We all had a couple of tropical drinks, swam a bit, and enjoyed the sunshine. Every time I looked Billy's direction; he was staring a Carrie. I also noticed Carrie glancing Billy's way, seemingly staring at his package, which was very noticeable in his Speedo suit. We said our goodbyes and went to shower and dress for dinner.
Carrie jokingly asked if seeing Jackie's titties made me hard. She said, why didn't you put suntan lotion on when you had a chance? I mentioned that she is cute but a bit too young for me. I jokingly mentioned that Billy had a crush on her. She just laughed and mentioned she's nearly old enough to be his mother. I said I don't think he was thinking of her as the motherly type. The banter went back and forth. When I mentioned that she was staring at Billy's impressive package, she blushed and quickly changed the subject. She then mentioned that she thinks Jackie thought I may have taken advantage of her the other night and didn't seem to upset over it. I assured my wife that the only thing I did was look.
Imagine our surprise when we ended up at the same restaurant, what with so many choices. Again, Jackie and Billy joined us for dinner. Jackie was a bit more careful on the drinks, just one glass of wine with dinner and had an after-dinner Bailey's with Carrie. She joked she didn't want a repeat of three days earlier when she had to be carried to the room and maybe gave more of a show than she should have, staring right at me as she said that. Billy, on the other hand, drank way too much. This time it was all three of us, Jackie, Carrie, and I, maneuvering Billy up the stairs to their room. When we got there, he grabbed my wife and gave her a kiss which she didn't seem to mind. Only when he pulled her skirt up with one hand while the other was trying to pull her panties down with the other, that she resisted. She broke free, maintaining most of her modesty. Billy said, oops, wrong wife and grabbed Jackie, kissing her, and managed to push her skirt down and off. Jackie just stepped out of her skirt, saying her bathing suit shows more than her present state of dress. In the meantime, Billy decided to get ready for bed, discarded his clothes, including his underwear. His cock was fully hard, about same length of mine, maybe 6", but nearly as think as a coke can. With that, my wife said we needed to leave; although I noticed she kept staring at Billy' cock. Jackie walked us to the door. We paused as we were saying our goodbyes, Jackie hugged first Carrie then me. As she was hugging me, Billy came up behind her and pushed her panties down, so once again, I got to see Jackie in all her glory. Jackie just laughed, gave me a kiss on the lips and stepped back as we opened the door and left. I couldn't help looking again, as once more Jackie's sparsely covered cunt was in full view. Afterwards, my wife remarked that Jackie seemed to have a thing for me, kissing you with her panties down. I just laughed that off. Hard to believe that Jackie and Billy seemed so naive just a few days earlier.
The next morning, we again went to the main pool. It seems Jackie had asked Carrie if we would join them there. Once more, nothing was mentioned about the previous evening. Jackie and my wife spent most of the time talking. As I found out later, mostly about sex. Specifically, foreplay and oral sex. Jackie told my wife that she tried to get Billy to slow down during sex. Even asked if he would lick her down there, which he decided wasn't something a man should do. He did do a bit more kissing and rubbing her, but once again, it was a slam bam thank you mam fuck. Apparently, she tried to wake him up by licking his cock, which quickly hardened. When she tried to take him in her mouth, he pushed her head down on him, nearly choking her, and apparently accidentally bit him. It didn't go well. He was excited by her licking him and quickly pushed her on her back and entered her without any preparation at all. My wife asked Jackie if she had an orgasm during sex. Jackie said that, while she enjoyed it when they made love, she really didn't think she had an orgasm. Again, Billy spent most of his time swimming laps. When he wasn't, he spent his time ogling Carrie, again flaunting his impressive package. Carrie noticed. After we returned to our room, Carrie suggested that I talk to Billy about how to make sex better for Jackie.
I had no idea how to initiate a discussion with Billy about sex. As it turned out, I didn't have to. It was Billy that started the conversation. He said that Jackie had apparently been talking with my wife. He said they'd had sex every chance they had over the last few months, which wasn't very often, but at least three times a day since they got married. Jackie seemed to think they (or more pointedly, she) should be enjoying it more. I explained to Billy that quantity wasn't important, quality was. I asked him what he did to make Jackie enjoy it. He said he would vary his stroking in her, fast, then slow. I explained that in my experience, young women need more attention before actual intercourse to enjoy it. I also said that he would find it more satisfying if Jackie enjoyed it more. I explained how I would spend at least 20 minutes kissing and rubbing my wife. How most women enjoy little kisses on the neck, ears, etc. Spend time above the waist until she seems more eager. Some women like their breasts rubbed and played with, lightly tongue their nipples. Kiss her on her stomach, slowly work wet kisses down until you reach her pussy. Tongue your way around her pussy, lightly lick her clit - which elicited a question as to what her clit was? Wow, this boy did need instructions. We talked a bit more. Billy seemed to be more interested in how to get his wife to give him a good blow job than in figuring out how to make sex better for her. In retrospect, he was very interested in the specifics that made Carrie hot, asking me what I did to tun her on.
That night was the Cabaret. We had reservations for the four of us. At the pre-show we had a few drinks while watching the performers sing and dance. Show started around 7:45, it was a 6-course meal, complete with wine and three tequila toasts. The show was sexy and highly entertaining, a nonstop dance and singing fest. We left the show at 11:00 and joined the crowd for more live music and drinks on the strand. It was nearly midnight when we made it back to the building. We all were energized from the show and dinner and a bit drunk. My wife mentioned that Jackie wanted to see our suite, she knew it was much bigger than theirs. So, we went to our room. Playing the good host, I asked if anyone wanted a drink. Fixed us each a rum and coke and poured 4 tequila shots which we toasted each other. We went out on the deck, arranged the deck chairs so we were in a circle. The discussion centered around the performers, how attractive they were, and how skimpy the outfits. Billy commented that he thought our wives were just as sexy, which I heartedly agreed. Somehow, the discussion turned to sex, specifically oral sex. Jackie asked me if I enjoyed pleasuring my wife with my mouth. I answered honestly that I liked to do it more than she liked to receive it. Jackie said she'd like to see what it was like. Carrie commented that she enjoyed it, but really liked giving blow jobs more than being eaten out. I guess the alcohol, sexy show and previous events of the week lowered our inhibitions. Billy chimed in that he'd like a complete blow job one time. There was a pregnant pause as we all realized what might take place.
I think it was Jackie that suggested we go inside. Jackie asked my Carrie if she would show her how to give a good blow job. Billy immediately started dropping his pants, but Carrie reached for me, pulling my pants off then my underwear. I helped her remove her dress, but she insisted I leave her bra and panties on. In the meantime, Jackie pulled off her dress, and with Billy's help, her panties and bra. My god, she was gorgeous. My wife hovered over me, talking to Jackie about how to make love to a cock. She took me in her mouth, making slight mewing sounds as she worked my cock over. Jackie tried to follow the lead but seemed to have trouble taking all of Billy's cock in her mouth. Twice Carrie stopped, showing Jackie how to cover her teeth with her lips to keep from biting and how to take things slow to build up the pleasure. Once more she went down on me, this time with more intensity. I'll have to admit that she probably found the situation with the two young, naked, newlyweds as exciting as I did.
I knew if she kept up the way she was going, I'd soon cum and pushed her away as I lay back catching my breath. I could hear murmuring from Carrie encouraging Jackie. As I laid there after several minutes, it seemed the sounds changed. I looked up and to my surprise it was Carrie now giving the blow job to Billy. Both Carrie and Billy were really into it, my wife making those mewing sounds I thought were reserved for me. Billy was slowly rubbing her ears and neck as she blew him. I could tell his ministrations were getting to her. Billy reached around Carrie and unhooked her bra. As she continued to blow him, pausing only long enough to pass on a few tips to Jackie, Billy took advantage of the situation to play with her tits. I could hear her breath quicken and she was squirming as he continued to play with her breasts and ears. Carrie maneuvered around to get a better angle on Billy's cock, resulting in her bottom was now near Billy's head. He took advantage of her position to pull her panties down. She paused for a few seconds to help him remove her panties. My heart sank. This was not what I envisioned. Carrie had been so adamant about faithfulness. Any talk about others was not even allowed by her in our pillow talk. Ok, it's just a blow job. Deep in my mind I had half expected this might happen, especially after our earlier talk on the deck.
It was at this point that I decided if she could play, so could I. I grabbed Jackie by the hand and said, it's time you experience real foreplay. We moved to the day bed in the other room, pulling it open to discover it was fully made up. Jackie seemed to be in a daze as I laid her back on the bed. We started off with kissing as I ran my hands over her body. She quickly seemed to forget what was going on in the other room and started to respond to my efforts. I kissed her neck, trailing my tongue up to her cheeks then ear. With that, she began to make tiny sounds of enjoyment and I then trailed my tongue down along her body until I reached her stomach. She sharply pulled it in as I tongued it, now moving one hand up to fondle a breast, the other making slow circles on her upper thigh. By this time, she was thrusting her hips outward and rotating them seemingly trying to contact her pussy and my hands. I knew it was time to make her cum and began to rub her pussy gently with my fingers. She had a small, delicate pussy that as I pulled back her hood, the clit was now uncovered. I concentrated on her clit, delicately stroking it until she suddenly thrust her hips up and came.
As she laid back, I moved my head between her legs. She seemed to know what was coming and spread her thighs wide giving me easy access. When I first tongued her pussy, she had a sharp intake of breath and said, oh my God. At first, I just licked her pussy, enjoying the softness of her delicate cunt. I think she came at least twice during this. I then used my tongue as a miniature dick, thrusting it into her pussy, exploring the depths. After a solid 15 minutes of eating her out and who knows how many times she came, she said, no more. I need to be fucked. I too needed to be fucked but knew that was a line I shouldn't cross. I told her she should go fuck Billy. She went into the next room, and I waited for my wife to join me. After a few minutes and no wife, I too went into the next room. There was Carrie on her back, Billy fucking her hard as she had her head thrown back, obviously in the throes of an orgasm. Jackie was watching from the side of the bed. I was pissed but extremely horny.
I strode up behind Jackie, gently pushed her upper body down on the bed and lined my dick up with her cunt from behind. When she didn't seem to object, I buried my dick in her. She let out a sharp gasp and pushed back against me. Billy was oblivious to our fucking, but my wife saw us and turned her head away. After a few minutes, it was getting uncomfortable fucking Jackie like that. I was on my toes to get best penetration. I pulled out of Jackie, spun her around and led her back into the other room. As we walked out, I could hear Billy say he was cumming, Carrie responded, YES. We reached the bed, I pushed Jackie down on the bed, and climbed on her thrusting into her hot cunt. I guess the fuck would best be described as part anger, part lust. Within a few thrusts, Jackie was again moaning and came again. She kept urging me to fuck her harder. I could see signs of tears in her eyes as we fucked. It seemed to take me forever to cum. All the time I'm fucking Jackie, visions of my wife blowing then fucking Billy filled my mind. Finally, I could feel the cum rising up from my balls and gasped as I unloaded into her. Jackie hugged me and fell asleep in my arms. Although troubled, I fell asleep shortly after.
Sometime in the middle of the night, something woke me. I headed for the bathroom and heard murmurs from the other room. I looked in and could see Billy rising and falling. I then noticed he was once again fucking Carrie and could hear her responding. As I walked back from the bathroom, this time I could see my wife was now on top, fucking him. I don't know how long it took me to fall back asleep. Again, I woke a few hours later and once again could hear Billy and Carrie fucking. This time, I gently woke Jackie and by nibbling on the back of her neck. She shivered, quickly turned and kissed me hard, then said, just fuck me. Sometime in the early morning, I could feel Billy shaking Jackie awake and they quickly dressed and left. My initial reaction was to get up and confront Billy but realized how stupid that was since I too had fucked his wife.
The morning was very awkward. I shaved and showered in the bathroom on the side I slept in, fixed an espresso, and just sat at the bench trying to figure what went wrong. I knew I should have never gone along with the "blow job" lesson. I could hear Carrie showering in the other room and decided that I needed to put off confronting her, just too angry. I just couldn't go in the other room. My wife finally came out and said, let's go to breakfast. I could see the signs of tears in her eyes. Breakfast was quiet, neither of us saying more than what was necessary to order and eat. Afterwards, she said, please let's take a walk. She needed to explain what happened.
She said she was worked up, maybe the hottest she's ever been while blowing me. Seeing that Jackie and Billy were watching and knowing Billy wished it was him, made her even more horny. She said she had a bit too much to drink, add the sexy show and all the sex talk and it was all too much to resist. She said that when I pushed her away, she turned her attention to Billy and Jackie, just coaching Jackie along. She said it really isn't clear exactly how it happened, but somewhere along the way, she and Jackie started taking turns licking Billy. When taking her turn, someone grabbed the back of her head, pushing her down on his cock. She admitted that she started to really suck him off, his moans of encouragement got her even hotter. He was playing with her ears, her weakness, then after he released her bra and started playing with her tits, she said she came. He pulled her ass towards her, pulling her panties down. When I said she helped him remove her panties, she flushed and said she didn't remember. She said, she had no intention of fucking him. She expected me to fuck her as she was blowing Billy. She reminded me of all the times I would ask her if she wished I had another dick to fuck her as she was blowing me.
Carrie said she called my name, but I didn't respond. Apparently, that was after we had left the room. Billy was playing with her ass and began to stoke her pussy. She said she tried to shift her ass away from him to make it harder for him to touch her. But about then Billy groaned and shot his load in her mouth. She admitted swallowing the whole load and kept sucking Billy as he held her head down on his cock. He never got soft, and next thing she knew, he spun her around and was in her. She tried to push him off but was too hot and bothered to put too much effort in it and he's a lot bigger and stronger. When she looked up and saw me fucking Jackie, she decided to just go with it. I pointed out her timeline was a bit off. First, she had been the one to maneuver around making it easier for Billy to slide her panties down. Billy had fucked her for quite a while before Jackie had come in the room and it was at least another 5 minutes before I showed up. Reminded her she was in the middle of an orgasm when I walked in and had at least one more while I was there, to say nothing of cumming with Billy, so seeing me fucking Jackie had nothing to do with her cheating.
She just hung her head and said, I really fucked up. Yes, I answered, fucked up and down. She looked at me with confusion. I said, I saw you riding Billy on top in the middle of the night. So, I asked, how many times did you fuck him? She said, you saw. Not quite lying, but not the full truth. My response, what was that then about 5 am? She looked frightened, said, ok, we did it then too, but I swear that I really didn't want to do it anymore. When he tried to get me blow him or fuck him again this morning, I came to my senses and tried to push him away. Again, I looked at her and said, oh, really? She started to cry and said, I really tried to stop him, but he was too strong, and he fucked me once more. Carrie then said, well, you probably fucked Jackie first when you took her in the other room. I said, no, after watching you blow Billy and allowing him to take your panties off, I was pissed. We went in the other room, and I just played with Jackie. Didn't fuck her until we saw you two screwing. She said, can we get past this? We both screwed another, blame it on the circumstances. I said, how many times have you done this before? How many other guys have had you? She said, I swear on my mother's grave that I've never done this before. As I said, I got caught up in the mood at the time and Billy can be very forceful. She then said, why didn't you put a stop to things when I was blowing Billy? I didn't have an answer, wasn't sure myself. We both agreed it was probably best if we avoided Billy and Jackie.
Well, you know what they say about good intentions. Later that morning, there was a knock on the door. I just assumed it was one of the attendants that stocked the bar. No, it was Billy and Jackie. Both were in swimsuits, Jackie in the skimpy yellow bikini with a sheer beach wrap. They said they needed to talk to us about what happened.
Billy started off with an apology. Admitted he pushed things and initiated the swap. He said he wouldn't take no for an answer from Carrie. Jackie then said she helped Billy. Seems she was the one that encouraged Carrie to show her how to give Billy a blow job and pushed her mouth down on Billy the first time. After that, things just took their course. They hadn't intended for a full swap, but Billy said that once he got my wife's panties off with her help, he decided he wasn't going to stop until he was fucking her. He also said that the first night when I saw him fuck a drunk Jackie, he secretly hoped I'd messed around with her and in his mind, he thought I did, making his seduction of my wife fair game. It didn't help when Jackie said something might have happened since she remembered being fucked and seeing my face. I assured them that I didn't touch her and left as soon as he walked out the room. They then said, they hoped what happened wasn't going to affect our marriage.
Jackie also said the one thing she was sorry about was that Billy didn't see how I ate her out. She admitted that the first orgasm she had while having sex was when I screwed her after I gave her so many orgasms with my mouth. Billy admitted he was jealous that his wife had cum with me, but apparently not with him. There was a pause, I wasn't going to answer that comment. I didn't want things to go like the previous night. Carrie said, look, we're not swapping again. Jackie looked at my wife and asked if it was ok if I just showed Billy how to eat her out. Carrie paused for several minutes, then said that she and Billy owed us both at least that. Just one thing perfectly clear, while it was ok for me to bring Jackie to orgasm by eating her, just no fucking. I said, don't I have a say? They all looked my way. Ok, I'll show Billy how to make love to his wife, but if that includes fucking her, then you all will just have to accept that. Looking at Billy and Carrie, I said, you two fucked a lot more than we did. I didn't agree to any kind of swap, especially not my wife blowing him then fucking him. No, it's not a contest, but if I get my tongue in her, I'll want to get something more out of it than seeing Jackie cum. Besides, you two made sure we saw you fuck, but you won't realize the impact on us unless you see us do the same. Carrie hung her head and said she agreed. Billy almost looked ecstatic as he quickly agreed. I think he was looking forward to his wife fucking another man more than he would ever admit or thought he might get another chance to fuck my wife.
We made our way to the freshly made daybed, pulling it out to its full queen size. Jackie quickly removed her wrap and her swimsuit bottoms and lay back. I pulled her to her feet, kissing her, while I removed her top. Jackie unbuckled my belt and pushing my pants and underwear down then off. Carrie removed my shirt as I continued to kiss Jackie. Now we were both naked, I pushed Jackie back on the bed, while kissing her. She reached for my cock, gently stroking me to full hardness as I worked on her breasts and neck with gentle licks and kisses. Slowly I worked my way down her body, trailing light kisses along her belly until I reached her cunt. Once again, I marveled at how fresh her cunt tasted and how tight she was. I tongue fucked her to her first orgasm, then inserted two fingers in her as I licked her clit, finger fucking her until she came again. Jackie said, please fuck me, I really need you in me.
In the meantime, Billy had also removed his bathing suit and was stroking his cock watching us. I noticed he twice tried to kiss my wife, but she just moved away from him. I moved off Jackie and motioned for Billy to take my place. I pushed his head down to Jackie's cunt. He tentatively licked, then, mimicking my earlier movements, he slowly tongue fucked Jackie. I told him to swing around, lining his cock up with Jackie's head as he ate her. Jackie needed no encouragement as she took Billy into her mouth. Watching the two of them in the classic 69 pose, I nearly came. It didn't take long before Jackie once more said she was cumming, followed by Billy warning her he was about to cum too. She kept sucking him, as he unloaded in her mouth. Billy rolled off Jackie and pushed me on top of her. He said, I want to see you fuck her. I looked at me wife, with tears in her eyes, she mouthed, fuck her. I climbed on Jackie, entering her in one stroke. Her cunt was hot and wet, still as tight as I remembered. I knew I wouldn't last long but wanted to make it as pleasurable as possible.
Jackie pulled me tight to her, I could feel her breasts pushing into my chest as I took slow, long strokes in her. After a few minutes, and Jackie cumming once more, I rolled over on my back, my cock never leaving Jackie's cunt, as we ended up with her on top. She sat up on me, enjoying this position as she controlled the pace. I've always found this position helps to slow down my climax and this time it worked again. I took one breast, then the other, in my mouth gently stroking the nipples with my tongue. Jackie came again. All the time I held off cumming. I knew where I wanted my next load to go, and it wasn't in Jackie's cunt. I could feel Jackie slowing down, once more she came, collapsing on me. I gently rolled her off and climbed off the bed. By this time, Billy was hard again. I grabbed his arm and said, fuck your wife.
I grabbed Carrie's arm and led her to our bedroom. She needed no encouragement, removing her clothes as we made our way to the bed. I started to eat her, she said, just fuck me. I'm so hot I can't wait. As soon as I entered her, she came. We fucked for at least 15 minutes, she came several times and I finally finished in her. Billy and Jackie came in, both had a fresh fucked look as they climbed on the bed with us.
Jackie kissed me on the cheek, Billy kissed my wife. Seeing no objection from me, Billy began to kiss my Carrie deeper, stroking her breasts. In the meantime, Jackie moved down and took me in her mouth, positioning her body to block my vision of my wife and Billy. I knew what was going to happen but just went with it. Carrie was still on her back and Billy quickly climbed on her, sinking his cock into her depths. I could hear her groan, and say, just fuck me. In the meantime, as soon as Jackie got my cock hard, she climbed on me positioning my cock into her. We fucked side by side, eventually I rolled Jackie over and continued to fuck. After Billy unloaded in my wife, he rolled off just lying there with a smirk on his face.
Once more, I felt a bit pissed. Billy maneuvered the situation to once more fuck Carrie and she let him. I knew what my revenge would be. After Jackie came once more, I rolled off her and reached for the lube in the nightstand. I rolled Jackie over and pulled her up on her knees. She reached behind her and positioned me into her cunt. I fucked her hard, she came once more. I pulled out, lubing my cock, and pressed it to her ass. She started to rise, with that's the wrong hole. I pushed her head down and slowly pushed into her ass, enjoying the tightness and knowing I was taking her last virginity. She struggled as I entered her bowels but never said no. When I was fully in her, I paused, letting her get used to the feeling. Slowly she began to push back and forth against me, fucking me with her ass. I reached under her, stroking her clit as I fucked her ass. She began to shake and cry, cumming again before I emptied my balls in her.
Somehow, I knew this wouldn't be the last time I fucked Jackie, or Billy fucked Carrie. At 20, Billy out maneuvered me, using his cute, naïve, innocent wife as bait to get in my wife's cunt. Worse part is she not only let him, but obviously enjoyed it. We still had one more day together before they left.
We paired off, Jackie and I headed for the bath in the other room, and Billy and Carrie to the main bath and showered as couples. After cumming twice that morning, after the two times the night before, I was totally fucked out. Billy, on the other hand, was able to get it up again and fucked my wife in the shower. I could hear her moaning as he fucked her hard. After thoroughly washing each other, I led Jackie to the sink, lifted her up on it and ate her out as she leaned back. It only took one orgasm and she said she needed to get back in the shower. We dressed in swimsuits and went over to the beach, where we enjoyed the water. We enjoyed a buffet lunch at the pool and finally separated to dress and go to dinner.
We had different reservations. I think it was a good thing that we were apart. Carrie and I talked candidly at dinner. She finally admitted to enjoying fucking Billy, maybe too much, but said it was just physical. Billy had a thick, hard cock, seemingly could get it up on a moment's notice and could fuck forever. She said it didn't look like you minded fucking Jackie. I admitted that Jackie definitely stroked my ego, a fresh newlywed wanting me to not only fuck her but make love to her. At that response, my wife became quiet, looking at me, and asked if my time with Jackie was fucking or making love. I admitted a bit of both, but that I only loved her. What I didn't tell her is that once, while Jackie and I were fucking, she said she loved me. Carrie looked very pensive. Finally, she said, Jackie asked if we could spend the night with us again, or rather, if she spent the night with you and Billy with me. I asked if she wanted to. She said she wasn't sure; I think she was afraid to admit she really wanted to fuck Billy some more.
On way back from dinner, we stopped for our nightly cocktail. Shortly after reaching the bar, Billy and Jackie joined us. We talked and laughed, never once hinting at our relationship. Finally, we stood up to leave. We walked back to our building lobby. Fortunately, the lobby was empty. Jackie grabbed my hand and led me to the stairs. Carrie grabbed Billy's and they strode down the hall towards our room. This time the swap would be in separate rooms, presumably for the night. I knew Billy and Jackie were leaving around 10 am for their return trip.
As soon as we got out of sight of the lobby, Jackie started removing her clothes. She paused at the third landing, asked me to remove her underwear and bra and walked brazenly down the hall totally nude. Watching that luscious ass sway had me as hard as a rock before we reached the door. After entering the room, Jackie went over to the curtains on the glass doors, pulling them back. With the light on in the room, anyone on the opposing building could easily see the naked Jackie. When I dimmed the lights, she questioned my motives. I said, while you may want to be seen, I'd rather keep a few personal secrets.
Jackie pulled the bedding down, arranged a towel on the bed, climbed on and said, make love to me. I reminded her we had all night, and we should take it slow and savor every moment. Then she asked if I loved her, even a little. I admitted I did. We then talked about our situation. She said she loved Billy with all her heart, but realized she had room in her heart to love me too. She then said she hoped Billy would finally get over his infatuation with my wife. He told her from the minute he met Carrie, he wanted her and was willing to share his wife with me to be with my wife. She admitted to agreeing to help him by agreeing to fuck me. He further admitted to her that the night he stripped her and fucked her in front of me was a deliberate move, hoping I'd fuck her after he left the room, and he could use that to get into my wife's pants. I was flabbergasted. Now, Carrie is very attractive, but his wife was equally attractive, younger, and he just got married. I did somewhat understand. After all, I had nearly the same obsession with his young wife.
I took Jackie's hand and headed for the shower. We lathered each other up as we exchanged kisses and feels. She especially liked it when I lathered her pussy and stroked her to an orgasm. After drying off, we made our way to the bed. I had her lay down across the bed with legs dangling off and climbed between them. Lifting her legs on my shoulders, she was wide open to my tongue and fingers. I ate her and stroked her to orgasm. Finally, she reversed her position on the bed and with head hanging off, asked me to fuck her mouth. I took it slow and easy, but with encouragement, stroked deeper and deeper until I could feel my cock penetrating her throat. I knew if I kept that up, I'd leave my first load in her throat and knew I'd rather leave my cum in that velvet pussy.
I backed away, climbed on the bed and just relaxed. Jackie curled up beside me, kissing me and thanking me for making this week of sex fabulous. She then asked if I was going to fuck her ass again. I asked if she wanted to. She said, don't get me wrong, it was very enjoyable, but not sure if I ever need to do it again. So, I'd rather not. I too admitted while it was enjoyable, rather fuck her pussy. She kissed me, then said, how about now? I asked her if she wanted on top, knowing how much she enjoyed it. She said she'd like to try reverse cowgirl. I responded, where did you hear about that? She just said, girl talk, and climbed on me with her back to me and inserted my dick in her pussy. I pulled her back against me, giving her a better angle of my dick in her. I stroked her clit from behind. She obviously enjoyed it, cumming several times. She flipped off me, on her hands and knees and said fuck me this way. I can feel you getting so deep. I thrust from behind as hard and deep as I could. Again, she started to cry and say how good it felt. After several minutes, I knew I was getting close, and she was getting tired. Then she said, I need to stop for a bit. I was more than happy to accommodate her as I knew I wanted to fuck her more over the night.
I pulled out, lay back and she curled up in my arms. Next thing I knew, I could feel my dick being sucked. It must have been a few hours later. When I stirred, she flipped on her back and said, make love to me. I climbed on her, she reached down between us and guided my dick into her. Once again, I marveled at how tight she felt. We fucked slowly, no words, just gentle, non-verbal sounds as we moved together. Each time she came, I could feel her tense up and hold steady as the orgasm swept over her. Finally, she said, please one more and cum with me. I could sense she was getting close, sped up my strokes, and right as she tensed up, I released my sperm in her. Afterwards, she remarked how she could feel me cumming in her. We lay there for nearly an hour gently kissing and holding each other. Early in the morning, once more I was awoken to my dick being sucked. I rolled Jackie over on her back and entered her. When I suggested other positions, she would just shake her head no and pull me tighter against her. I could see tears forming in her eyes each time she came. Finally, she said, last time together, come with me. One more time, she said I love you. There was a pause, I think she was waiting for my response. Seeing tears in her eyes, I responded that I loved her too. Afterwards we lay there wrapped in each other's arms as we waited for daylight.
About a half hour later the phone rang. Billy was making sure it was ok to come to the room to get ready for breakfast and to pack to leave. I quickly scampered out of bed, dressed, and was leaving as he arrived at the room. We passed with barely a nod to each other. Carrie was waiting with open arms when I reached my room and led me to the bed, asking that I make love to her. Despite cumming just an hour earlier, I rose to the occasion and fucked my wife hard. After 10 minutes or so, we slowed down and made gentle love.
We talked, Carrie told me how Billy kept pressuring her to let him fuck her ass, something she just doesn't do. Besides, with that cola can dick he would have split her in two! He finally gave up and they had an ok night. She admitted it just wasn't the same as the earlier encounters. Somehow, the pre-planning for last night made the whole encounter seem tawdry and wrong. When she asked about my evening, I just said I would have rather had spent it with her. At that point, I really would have. I figured the last three days probably destroyed Billy and Jackie's marriage, and possibly, my own. My wife looked me in the eyes and said, never forget I love only you. The last three days were an aberration. I never want to have sex with another man again.
It's been about 5 months and our sex life has been on hyper drive. Yes, the memories fuel our imagination, and we feel comfortable enough to talk about it and not have any ghosts in the bedroom. We were lucky that our marriage survived. Carrie and Jackie have kept in touch. Seems that Jackie and Billy too have gotten beyond the encounter and are enjoying their married life. Last call, Jackie mentioned she just found out she was pregnant and looking forward to the birth of their child. She said she came off the pill a couple of months after the honeymoon and apparently got pregnant within a few months and was expecting shortly after their anniversary. She also mentioned that she was taking classes that summer at a university about an hour away from us so she could graduate at Winter break, before she was due. She and Billy finished winter semester and he was off to Chicago, interning at an engineering firm. Somehow, I knew that we hadn't seen the last of Jackie, or Billy.