While I was having my way with Kathleen, Chelsea was meeting Cassandra. Chelsea was nervous as she approached Cassandra's house, and once she had parked and was walking up the sidewalk she nearly turned and left. Then Cassandra opened the door and there was no turning back.
"Hello," she said as Chelsea climbed the steps. She reached a hand to Chelsea and the women shook. "I'm Cassandra Fitzpatrick. We've never been properly introduced. You are Chelsea."
"Hi, Cassandra," Chelsea said demurely, looking down.
"Look at me when you speak, dear. What's your last name?" she asked, still gripping Chelsea's hand.
Chelsea gazed into Cassandra's green eyes and noticed her pouty lips again. "Beauchamp, Chelsea Beauchamp."
"Well, it's a pleasure to meet you, Chelsea Beauchamp, please come in. Don't worry, I won't bite."
Chelsea stepped through the door and looked around. Cassandra's home was beautifully appointed, with hardwood floors and white walls, and decorated in light colors. It looked like a page from a home decorating magazine. Chelsea stifled a laugh. For some reason, she'd half expected Cassandra to live in a dark dungeon, with restraints on the walls and burning torches.
"You have a beautiful home."
"Thank you, I try to keep it up. It can be a challenge with a teenage boy flopping around the place. Please have a seat." Cassandra motioned to the sofa, and Chelsea took a seat on one end. Cassandra sat in a chair next to her. Chelsea noticed that Cassandra was wearing the same chain choker as that night in Jason's bedroom but in the full light of day, she could see that the back of the choker was leather and the chain was attached by D-rings that fell under each ear. Chelsea wondered if she'd worn it intentionally, to remind Chelsea of that day, or to embarrass her.
"That's an attractive necklace," Chelsea said.
"Thank you, it means the world to me. It's Jason's."
"Do you mean Jason gave it to you?"
"No, I mean it belongs to Jason, just like I do," Cassandra explained. "It's one of several he's provided me with, to be worn for different occasions. This is my favorite because it was the first one he placed around my neck."
Chelsea regretted asking what she thought was an innocuous question. Now a portion of Jason's and Cassandra's relationship was laid bare, and it was a rather disturbing portion.
"I'm not one for small talk so let me clarify some things," Cassandra began. "Jason said that you were upset when you found me strapped to his bed."
"Yes, Ma'am."
"Ma'am is your grandmother. Call me Cass. Only my closest girlfriends call me that, and, well, since you've seen me naked I guess we're pretty close. He said you're afraid of him now."
"Yes. I don't understand how the Jason I've come to know could be so cruel to another human. I'm trying to understand. And it's not like I hide from him, or wince when he touches me. Heck, I still snuggle with him at night and I enjoy spending time with him. It's just that I have this nagging feeling that I might say something, or do something, that will set him off. My ex-husband yelled at me and shoved me. I can't live with a man that would be violent to women. What I saw sure looked like violence toward a woman." She felt her eyes start to well up.
"Let me start with the bottom line, and then we'll go to the kitchen and have lunch. We can talk some more while we have some food and wine. Do you like wine?"
"Yes," Chelsea responded.
"Good. So, you said you fear him, but believe me, you should never fear Jason. The man you thought you knew is the real man. He will not strike you in anger, not ever. I've never even known him to raise his voice in anger."
"That's what he said, Antwon too. But I need to understand why he was doing that to you before I can truly believe it."
"Fair enough, I have lunch set up on the kitchen island. We can sit there and talk more."
They moved to the kitchen where Cassandra had set up a charcuterie board. She poured them each a glass of wine.
"So, first, let's start with terminology. Jason and I have a different kind of relationship. It's called Dominant and submissive, and it's part of what's called BDSM, which stands for Bondage, Discipline, Sadism, and Masochism. There are as many variations within BDSM, and even within Dom/sub, as there are colors. In our relationship, Jason is the dominant, or Dom, and I am the submissive, or sub. But it's not always gender aligned, where the man is the Dom and the female is the sub, I know of several wealthy and powerful men that enjoy being dominated by a woman. Do you understand so far?"
Chelsea nodded.
"So, what you saw was Bondage and Discipline. I was bound to the bed and he was disciplining me for an alleged transgression that I'd made up. As a form of punishment, Jason and I use a measure of pain. We find that it heightens our sensations and excitement during sex. We both enjoy the pain, him giving it and me receiving it. That's where the S and M come in. Jason is a Sadist, someone who enjoys administering pain, and I am a Masochist, someone who enjoys receiving pain."
"So, you want him to beat you?" It was more of a statement than a question.
"No, don't use that word. It implies something harsh and uncontrolled. The level of pain he inflicts on me, and how he does it is very controlled. Controlled by our agreement, and while he's doing it, by me."
"He said you had some form of contract."
"Yes, and I have it right here. Would you like to see it?"
Chelsea nodded and Cassandra slid the document across the island to her. As she read it, her eyes got big.
"That's very specific."
"Yes, as it should be. This document, and our trust in each other, are what allow us to exchange power. His dominance is an expression of his power. I let him lead, and I surrender my power to him. His connection to my heart allows him to express his strength, power, and authority without being controlling, domineering, or abusive. His devotion to me prevents him from mistreating me. He respects and cares for me more deeply than a lot of husbands do their wives. He creates a safe space for my deep, complete surrender to him."
"He said the same thing. He said you have an almost spiritual connection."
"I am more his than his wife ever was."
"I want that kind of connection with someone someday."
"I don't think what Jason and I do is the only way to get that connection, but I do think you have to ask yourself some questions about any man that you want to be in a relationship with. You need to play Twenty Questions with yourself."
"What questions should I ask?"
"Well, does he listen to you and remember what you say? If he answers "uh huh" or doesn't remember things you have told him, that is a warning sign. Does he spend time with you without expecting anything in return? Trading time together for time out with the boys is not right. Does he make sacrifices for you, even if they're small? Does he miss you when he's not with you? Texting you, or calling you to see how your day is progressing is a healthy sign. Is he always there when you need him? Is he comfortable around you? Does he support your dreams and goals? From what I've heard Jason is pushing you in this area. Does he stand up for you when you can't defend yourself? Does he do thoughtful things for you? It doesn't have to be monetary. Does he keep his promises to you? Does he admire and respect you? Run from a man that disrespects you. Does he give honest and constructive criticism? Does he only want the best for you? Does he listen when you're upset? Do you feel safe around him? Does he pay attention to your likes and dislikes?"
"I could answer yes to all of those when I think of Jason, other than maybe feeling safe, but I do in general, it's just this nagging feeling. He's very strong in those last few questions, supporting me and such."
"Yes, those questions define Jason, whether it's his friends, his lovers, his employees, or me. But I will tell you, he will also push you, push you to be better, and in the case of our relationship, he pushes me to explore my limits. He's never made me do something I didn't want to do, but he has helped me discover things I never imagined I'd beg him for again and again."
They spent the next hour talking more about Cassandra's and Jason's lifestyle and what it means to be dominant or submissive. They also discussed the various forms of punishment that a Dom might use, behaviors that a sub might exhibit, and many more BDSM topics. Cassandra did her best to answer Chelsea's questions. As they wrapped up their conversation, Cassandra reached across the island, took Chelsea's hand, and they looked deep into each other's eyes.
"Chelsea, if you want this type of connection to any man, if you want to devote yourself to him completely, then you must have a level of communication, trust, and respect that are nearly flawless. If you want that with Jason, you must trust him. This is, because from what you've told me you are building positive communication and it's obvious to me that you have each other's respect. I know it's easy to say and difficult to do, but if you can do it, give him your unwavering trust, and surrender your power to him, then he can take you to places you've never imagined, both physically and mentally. After you left us that night, I experienced a state of speechless rapture that I'd never experienced before. At that moment my heart nearly exploded with adoration for him. I've been with other Doms, but none like him. And it's not just about the companionship or the amazing sex, the way he treats me, and cares for me; he owns me, my heart and soul in a way no other man ever has. If that's not what you want, or if you struggle with it, then at least do not live in fear of him."
"Thank you for lunch, Cass, for all the information, and the advice. You've removed my trepidation and I promise you that I will not fear him any longer. Based on what you've told me I don't know for certain that I want to pursue being a sub for any man, but at least you've armed me with information. I hope we can be friends."
"I'd like to be friends, Chelsea since we both have feelings for Jason, and if you have any more questions, or just need to talk, I'm here for you."
"Call me Chels, that's what Jason's daughter calls me. I should probably be going."
Cassandra walked Chelsea to the door and before leaving, Chelsea hugged her. With her head pressed against Cassandra's chest, she could hear the redhead's heart beating rapidly. It nearly matched the beating of her own heart. Still holding each other, their eyes met. Chelsea raised onto her tiptoes and offered her plump lips to Cassandra. Cassandra took the offer. Their lips met and their tongues touched, tentatively at first. What started as a gentle kiss quickly developed a sense of hunger.
Chelsea swooned as Cassandra held her in her arms and kissed her passionately, their tongues probing and exploring. After a moment, Chelsea pressed her hands against Cassandra, breaking the kiss. They stood there looking at each other, breathing rapidly. Chelsea was the one to break the silence.
"I've never kissed another woman, and I can't say I'm ashamed of kissing you. I've wanted it since we met in Jason's bedroom. I think you're gorgeous Cass, and that night, your nakedness stirred feelings in me."
"You're also gorgeous," Cassandra said, smiling down at the blonde. "If you want to explore those feelings further, just let me know. I'd be thrilled to be your guide."
"I've lived such a sheltered life, I didn't know how sheltered until I moved in with Jason. I've experienced feelings and emotions I never had before. Give me some time to take all this in but I enjoyed that very much."
With that, Chelsea turned and left.
When she arrived home I was watching TV and having a beer.
"Good afternoon, Handsome. Did you stay out of trouble while I was gone?"
I just looked at her. She seemed to be in a good mood but I wondered how she would take it if I told her I'd gone out and stuck my cock in another woman because she'd left me frustrated.
"No secrets?" I asked.
"No secrets, what did you do? Did you get some fresh pussy?"
I smiled and chuckled. "Pussy yes, and tasty but not so fresh. She's about sixty."
"So did you just need something different or do I no longer satisfy you?"
"I thought about you all day yesterday and I was ready to pounce on you after work, but then you were upset about the employee, and still upset this morning. I didn't want to seem like a pig, just thinking about myself, so I sought satisfaction elsewhere. You know it's been a week since we've enjoyed each other."
As we were talking she walked to the kitchen and got herself a beer then sat next to me on the sofa.
"Well, that's too bad, because now I'm horny as fuck and I need a cock. I hope you can get it up again later this afternoon, otherwise, I might no longer choose to be exclusive to you. And next time you need me to satisfy you, say so. We could have planned to do it this afternoon, and I'd be the one with a week's worth of your cum sloshing around inside me instead of the old hag you visited."
"That old hag is a beautiful, wealthy, needy woman. Don't worry my gorgeous Morsel, I'll take care of your needs."
"She's beautiful? Not gorgeous like me?"
"I stand by what I said. I'm not in the habit of being sloppy with my words."
We both took a sip of our beers, looking at each other.
"I take it that you and Cassandra had a fruitful talk?"
"We did. I can't say that I fully understand why you two play that way, but now I understand what you do. I believe it when you say I don't need to be afraid."
"Good! I'll have to give Cassandra some punishment credits for her efforts today."
"I'm not so sure she'll like that. From the way she talked today, she enjoys your hand and the cat."
"So is that what's got you worked up this afternoon, talking about the things Cassandra and I do?"
Smiling, she sipped her beer.
"Would you like to try some of those things?"
"No," she replied quickly, her voice crackling. She fixed me with a stare but then quickly looked away.
Chelsea had wanted to respond with a hearty yes to that question. After learning of all the flavors of possible relationships she could have with a dominant man, she could not stop thinking about what that could mean. She could not stop thinking about how she could develop a deep connection with a man. And not just any man, she wanted Jason to be her guide into this new world. But she wasn't yet ready to take that first step. Her mind was still spinning with information from Cassandra. Jason was a strong Dom unlike any Cassandra had experienced before. Chelsea was afraid that if she gave herself to him unconditionally, she might lose herself to him. This would have to be done slowly and on her terms.
I knew her response was not the whole truth. Her stare gave her away. Her pupils were dilated and her nostrils were flared. The crackle in her voice and the sudden diverting of her eyes were all signs that she wasn't telling the whole truth. Or maybe she was horny as fuck and needed to be railed. I decided to push a bit further.
"You know, watching you strip and touch yourself would probably get little Mr. B's attention," I said with a grin.
She looked back at me, her pupils still dilated, her nostrils flaring as her breathing became more rapid.
"Is that what you want?" she asked.
"We said we'd cool it for a month, but I don't think I can wait that long to fuck you again. Kathleen gave me relief but fucking her is not the same as fucking you, and it's you that I crave. You said you needed a cock, and here I am. I just need the proper stimulation, and you know that sex starts in the brain."
I knew exactly why I needed Chelsea. It was that submissive personality of hers. She had this innate desire to give herself to me, let me take what I wanted from her, and satisfy us both in the process. I sometimes wondered if she'd always been that way with men, or did she feed off my dominant personality? It didn't matter to me, she was here now, available to me. The mixture of submissiveness and her plush body stirred a lustful desire in me. Sitting together there on the sofa, she just looked at me, so I picked up my phone and scrolled through my playlists until I found one titled "Fuck Music". The list started slow and sensual but by the end was energetic and throbbing, much like the progression of a couple engaged in carnal delight. I tapped it and the sounds of Peggy Lee's "Fever" oozed from my stereo across the room, those oh-so-recognizable finger snaps leading the way.
"You think you give me a fever?" a slight smile graced those plump lips.
"I'm surprised that you know this song, and yes, I think I do give you a fever, but make no mistake, you light a fire in me," I growled as I gave her a lustful stare.
She took a sip of her beer
"Time's wasting, strip!" I commanded. She scowled but stood and stepped between me and the TV. She began to sway to the music. Soon she was dancing and running her hands over her body.
"You're good at this," I smiled.
"I used to dance when I was younger, not in public though, just in my parents' basement."
"Their basement?"
"My parents' home was built in the '70s. They remodeled the main floor but left the basement with its original decor. One wall was mirrored, so I'd set up my laptop and watch music videos, trying to imitate the dances while watching myself. I think I've gotten pretty proficient."
Her outfit today consisted of a white, midriff-baring top and a pair of faded denim shorts. Her ample tits were spilling out as usual, and the shorts were straining at the effort of containing her plump ass. Her hair was braided into a ponytail. She pulled her top over her head, her tits shook as they settled back into place. Her nipples pressed against the bra she wore.
Muse's version of "Feelin' Good" was next and when the bass dropped she became a different woman, erotic and seductive. By the time the song finished, she was naked from the waist up, caressing her tits as her head rolled about on her shoulders. My cock was getting hard now.
"Buttons" by The Pussycat Dolls was next, shifting the feel of the music from slow and seductive to more energetic and pulsing. She slowly peeled off her shorts, releasing her ass in the process. Then she danced around in front of me, her plush body released from the confines of clothing, shaking with every step. At the end of the song, she kicked off her shoes.
Now covered only by her panties, she smiled broadly when the next song started, "More Than A Woman" by Aaliyah.
"One of my favorites!" she giggled and began recreating some of the dance moves from the video, particularly the hip swaying. Fuck this woman was driving me crazy, gyrating around in nothing but her panties. My cock was tenting my slacks so I stood up and removed them. She danced over to me and gently trailed her fingernails up my staff, causing it to jump. She got into this song and ended it as she had begun, clad only in her panties.
Next up was "Way Down We Go" by KALEO, the perfect song for making her panties slide down to her ankles, and that's what happened, but she took the entire. fucking. song. to. do it. For the longest time, she toyed with the waistband, pulling it down and back up, dropping a bit lower each time, turning as she did so. I sat on the sofa and stroked my cock, keeping it hard, though with her dancing I think I would have been that way anyway.
As the song ended I paused the music and patted the seat next to me and told her to lie down and touch herself. She blushed and smiled slightly.
"You want to watch me touch myself?"
"I do, but you have to do as I say, and no cumming until I tell you."
She sighed and laid down on the sofa, her head on the arm, and knees together.
"Don't be bashful," I told her, "there's no part of your body that I haven't enjoyed, there's nothing left to hide. I want to watch you please yourself, you've done this for me before. I want to continue to learn how to satisfy you."
As she parted her knees, her hand slid down between her legs and she began my education. I left the playlist and scrolled to Ravel's "Boléro", a long slow orchestral piece that would give her plenty of time to build to a climax. She closed her eyes as her fingers began to dance. I slid closer and leaned down to kiss her inner knees, she spread them wider, giving me a full view of her plump sex. First one finger and then another slid between her inner lips and bathed there for several minutes before disappearing into her depths, and a back-arching moan.
"I have an amazing view," I whispered from between her knees, "thank you."
"You're welcome," she softly whispered as her fingers drew more wetness from her depths, "This is so fucking hot, Jason."
"Would you mind if I record you?"
"No, I wouldn't mind, as long as it's only for your eyes."
With a couple of taps on my phone her femininity filled the screen, pink and wet.
"Slow down," I whispered as I kissed her knees again, "and part your lips for the camera."
She groaned but complied, the two fingers that had been slowly exploring her deepest reaches now withdrew and parted her lips. Fuck I just wanted to dive face-first into her, but this was a bit of submissive evaluation, that would come later.
"Touch your clit," I whispered, and she complied, slowly circling her pleasure button with the two wet fingers. With her other hand, she began fondling her generous breasts, and she began to moan softly. I let her carry on that way for a bit before telling her "harder."
She pressed her fingers more firmly against her turgid nub and circled it more rapidly. Soon she was moaning in pleasure.
"Stop," I commanded.
She flinched and her eyes popped open wide.
"What's wrong Jason? Did I do something I shouldn't have?"
"I told you no cumming until I tell you."
"Oh, fuck, I was so close. Please?"
"No, start again slowly."
She moaned and slumped back, while her fingers found their way between her folds.
Her breaths were deep and unsteady. Though I'd told her to start slowly, there was an unmistakable urgency this time. I knew that she had a burning desire that only an orgasm would satisfy. However, I was determined to let her burn to the ground before allowing her that quenching release. I restarted the music.
"You're such a good girl. Show me how to tease you without putting my fingers
inside," I told her.
She let out a big sigh, frustrated no doubt before she began touching herself again. Her fingers played between her lips and danced over and around her clit. The entire time I was still recording her. After a few minutes, I told her to slow down. She groaned in protest but complied. Her scent was boiling up from between her legs and I knew she wanted satisfaction, but I told her once again to stop.
"Uuugghhh, I need to cum Jason, I'm so close!"
"Let me taste your fingers."
She complied, and I licked her plump little digits clean, but I took my time. Once again, I told her to touch herself. So she was approaching her peak again, her knees were shaking and her eyes were welled with tears.
"That's a good girl," I told her as I kissed my way down her inner thighs, "you've almost earned your happy ending. Your scent is so strong, and you're so wet."
As my lips approached her pink lips, she opened them for me. She offered herself to my mouth, but my only response was to blow my hot breath against her. She groaned loudly and touched her clit.
"Please Jason, this is torture. Please make me cum. Touch me, taste me, I don't care what you do to me, but please give me release," she cried.
"Your release is up to you, but only I can allow it."
"Please then, please let me touch myself and release the pain."
"Cum for me then, quickly, before I change my mind."
In a flash, she buried her two wet fingers into her depths once again and brought the other hand down to let those fingers claw at her aching clit. I stood and recorded her rapture as she spasmed and screamed there on the sofa, her legs splayed wide, her back arching, her breath coming in rapid gasps. She collapsed along with the music.
In the coming months, she would look back on this afternoon and realize that she'd just taken the first step to becoming my new submissive. Soon I would own the bodies, minds, and souls of two women.
I retrieved a glass of water from the kitchen and gave it to her. She sat up and drank it quickly, slaking her thirst.
"Now it's my turn. On your knees."
She slid off the sofa and turned her back on me, offering me her still-quivering pussy.
"No," I said, "it's your mouth that I want."
"But Jason, I need you in me. Please!"
"In good time, besides, am I not in you when you take me into your mouth?"
"Yes, but that's not what I want."
"But that is what I want, my sweet, sweet Morsel. Now be a good girl, turn around, and open wide."
She turned to kneel before me, settled her plush bottom onto her heels, and took me between her lips. Yes, this was right where I wanted to be. She wrapped her hand around the base of my cock and began her usual fantastic sucking routine, her lips working up and down, her tongue dancing around my shaft. She was as skilled at pleasing me with her mouth as any woman I'd ever known.
"Oh yes, just what I need, sweet Morsel. Be a good girl and drain me into your throat."
She interrupted her oral gratification long enough to protest.
"Please, Jason, no. I'm begging you to bend me over and use me. Wouldn't it feel exquisite to drain your seed into my pulsing tunnel? Please, I need to feel your heat deep inside."
"Suck," I commanded.
She returned to pleasing me with her mouth, but tears welled up and escaped her eyes, leaving trails down her plump cheeks. That's what I wanted her to do - beg for sex. Even though it may seem cruel, it is all for her future. One more round of begging and I decided I'd give her what she wanted. I groaned as if I was about to cum, and she pulled me away to plead once more.
"Please Jason, Handsome, I'm begging you to find your pleasure in your sweet Morsel's cunt. I'm so wet for you. You've enjoyed another woman today but it has been a week since I've felt your presence inside."
Still kneeling, she stroked my cock to keep it stiff.
"It's been a week because you were inconsiderate of my needs, and now I'm being inconsiderate of yours. That seems fair to me."
"Must my error lead to this retribution? You're only depriving yourself of an opportunity to soil my cunt with your seed. Is that what you want? To use my mouth when I'm willing, and begging you to spread my cunt open and enjoy it?"
Now that was worthy begging from a sly young accountant, pointing out the opportunity cost of using her mouth instead of her cunt.
"Very well, kneel on the sofa."
Quick as a flash, she assumed the position, grabbed her upper thighs, and spread herself open for me. Positioning myself at her sopping entrance, I took what she'd begged me to take. And I had a huge fucking grin on my face while doing it.
"Assuming that you can get your way around here with tears and begging is not advisable. I gave in this time because you made an excellent argument for your case."
"Yes, Handsome. Oh so much yes," she moaned as I pleased us both.
She thought that she had won, but I wasn't finished with her. Having already cum once today I was in no hurry to do so again and I planned to edge her until she pleaded with me to let her cum.
"Oh Handsome, it feels exquisite to have you in me, filling the hungry place inside me."
"I must agree with you, there is no place that I'd rather be right now."
"Even if you could be with Cassandra?"
"Mmmm, Cassandra, she is an excellent piece, but I'm happy with you today. I know her body so well, I know exactly how to extract pleasure from her. But with you, it's always an exploration, learning what works best for me."
As we were talking I was taking long, deep strokes inside her, and her body responded by adding more wetness to her already sopping hole. I increased the pace and soon our flesh was slapping and she began to moan. I continued driving into her until she was ready for release, and then I slowed down.
"What are you doing? I was ready to go!"
"You are so skilled at begging that I thought it would be appropriate for you to beg for release."
"What? No, I'm not begging anymore."
"Are you sure?" I asked as I slid out of her and slid my cock against her ass.
"Okay, okay, okay. Please fill me up again. Put it in me."
I grinned as I slipped inside once more and bottomed out in her hungry hole.
"Your sweet Morsel needs to cum, Handsome. I need to grip your staff while I spasm around it. Don't you think I deserve relief? I've been so disciplined this week. I've been a stellar mentee, and I've learned to be unafraid. I've even arranged for an entire week so that you can take me wherever you want and do whatever you please."
She had great points. She was going to be a challenging submissive.
"Once again, you make excellent points. You can cum for me now."
"Oh, goodie!" she squealed. "Fuck me hard, please, and I'll scream your name!"
I grabbed her hips and pummeled her sweet pussy, driving her to orgasm. She spasmed and groaned, finally screaming out my name. I pulsed deep inside her and she collapsed, panting and crying. Not what I expected, the crying that is, and I felt that aftercare was probably required. I grabbed an afghan off the sofa and wrapped us in it as I pulled her to the floor. I held her as she shivered and sobbed into my chest.
"I've never been forced to plead for sex, Jason. I feel so ashamed that you made me so needy that I would beg you to fuck me. And then I begged you to let me cum! What are you doing to me?"
"I'm freeing you to experience sex in a way you never have before. By begging me to satisfy you, you finally stopped fighting me for control of your pleasure. You submitted yourself to my care and your satisfaction became my responsibility."
"I feel like such a slut, but I feel so free, so liberated. I feel euphoric. This is what Cassandra described," she said, still sobbing.
"This was just a small sample of what could be. It's amazing what we can do when we cooperate. All it took was for you to hear my voice. No restraints and no pain."
She shivered, but the sobbing subsided. "This is aftercare?" she asked.
"Yes, I'll be with you for as long as necessary, holding you, caring for you. At this moment, you are all that matters to me."
"I'm so scared, Jason, scared that I could lose myself in you," she sobbed. "So much has happened to me since you took me in. It's like I'm someone I don't even know, and you keep pushing me to do new things."
"Don't be scared, we never have to do this again, it's up to you. I'm excited that you've come into my life, and you are already enough."
"Omigod, Jason! I could never go further, I felt so out of control."
"That's the whole point. Sometimes feeling out of control is the most erotic feeling in the world."
"I can't, Jason. I just can't."
"Then we won't, it's as simple as that. You have the right to say no. Would you like me to help you to our bed where we can be more comfortable?"
"Yes, please."
Once in bed, she pressed against me again, her nose buried in my neck. We lay quietly for a while. Her breathing calmed down and I thought she had drifted off, but then she spoke.
"You call this our bed?"
"This is the only bed that you have ever slept in, so I think the term is appropriate."
"I never want to sleep anywhere else."
I chuckled softly. "So should I cancel our trip? I'm afraid I can't take this bed with us."
"You know what I mean. Don't take things so literally."
"Never is a long time, Chelsea."
"I know, but this feels so good."
We lay there quietly for a while longer. I had to admit to myself that having her lying next to me was something that I enjoyed immensely. Eventually, we got up and set about the rest of our day. We headed to the basement and worked out together, then a brief swim followed by a shower to get rid of the chlorine. Workout days meant a late dinner, something light. It was her turn to cook and she made a delicious stir-fry. We made an early night of it, in bed by 9 pm. We were both tired and drifted off quickly.
The next morning over breakfast and coffee we talked about the coming week, and about preparing Jennifer to be the team lead while Chelsea was on vacation with me. Chelsea repeatedly quizzed me about our destination. I never gave her our destination but told her to pack for warm weather, a lot of walking, and swimming.
The next week seemed to fly by and before we knew it, Friday evening was here.
Chelsea was excited about our trip, even though she had no clue where we were off to, and as we packed she hummed and softly sang. I'd never seen her like this. Saturday morning we were up and out the door early, headed to the local executive airport. In the car, Chelsea was confused.
"This isn't the way to the airport," she observed.
"It's the way to the airport that we are flying out of. We will be there soon."
The drive across town took us about 30 minutes. As I pulled into the airport she sat up and looked around.
"These are all small planes."
"You're very observant. Remind me never to slip anything past you!" I chuckled. I passed through the security gate and onto the tarmac, eventually stopping next to a private jet parked outside one of the hangars. Her eyes were huge, and her mouth was wide open.
"We're flying on that?" she asked in amazement.
"We are," I laughed as I stepped out of the car. A man exited the hangar and greeted us before taking our bags and loading them onto the plane.
"Can I walk around it?"
"Sure," I told her. She walked around the plane, sometimes touching its smooth surface. I stood near the hangar door, speaking with one of the employees. As she completed her circuit and neared the nose again one of the pilots emerged and spoke to her.
"Good morning, I take it you're going to be one of our passengers today?"
"Yes, I suppose I am. Where are we going today?"
"You don't know?"
"No, he hasn't told me," she said, nodding toward me.
"Well, then I'd probably be wise not to share his secret."
"Is this his plane?" she asked, leaning close to him and whispering.
He chuckled softly. "No, but it used to be. It's the CRISS Electronics corporate jet. We still take him places sometimes. The majority of our passengers are businessmen, and they rarely have someone as attractive as you. Are you his daughter?"
"No," was her only response. A smile graced her plump lips.
"Well, then I'd say that Mr. Brown is a lucky man to be traveling with a woman of such beauty. May I help you aboard? We're nearly ready to depart."
She took his hand and he helped her onto the stairs and into the airplane, emerging a few minutes later and approaching me near the hangar.
"Good morning, Mr. Brown! Beautiful day for flying." He offered me his hand and we shook.
"Good morning, Jarad. It certainly is a sunny day here. What's the weather like en route?"
"As beautiful as your traveling companion. You're one lucky dude, Mr. Brown, having a woman like that following you around."
"She is something, isn't she?"
"I'd say! We're ready to depart whenever you are, sir."
I followed him to the plane and soon we were airborne. Chelsea had been quiet for a while, looking out the window. Finally, she turned to me and spoke.
"So why are you still flying on the corporate jet of the company you sold?"
"It's part of my negotiated deal. They wanted me to consult with them and since I don't need their money I struck a deal for use of their jet, and a few other perks."
"So they'll take you anywhere?"
"Pretty much, as long as they can make stops to refuel. It sometimes takes longer than a commercial flight because of that, but it's much less stressful. We'll have to refuel once today."
"So where are they taking you today?"
I laughed. "Somewhere with you."
In a few hours, we were on the coast and making a fuel stop. She was enthralled with the view out the window because our approach took us briefly over the ocean and she revealed she'd never seen the ocean before. Once on the ground, we exited the airplane and got a quick bite to eat in the airport restaurant. Before long we were on our way again, leaving land behind.
"Holy shit, we're flying over the ocean? Where the fuck are you taking me?"
"To an island paradise."
"Get the fuck out! I'm heading to an island! I've never seen the ocean before and I'm traveling to an island!" She was excited, to say the least. She watched out the window until she could no longer make out the coast. After that, the view was pretty boring, so I reached into my bag and pulled out my tablet.
"Would you like to read my story?" I asked.
"The story of us? Yeah!"
"It's not an accurate retelling of our first few weeks. I left out the medical scare," I told her as I opened the story and handed her the device. She began to read.
"Yeah, that first part is accurate, but was I that much of a mess when you came to "The Pie Place" that night?" she laughed. "Did I have pie crust in my hair?"
"You did."
She continued reading.
"You sniffed my panties? You dirty old man, I knew you wanted me. All those years, and you had the hots for me the whole time. Were you serious about taking me in front of your wife and daughter?"
"Hey, a guy can fantasize can't he?"
"Fuck, I was such a slut that first morning, but I must admit, that was the most thrilling ride of my life, so far."
"I was an emotional wreck those first few days, wasn't I? I'm sorry about that."
"No worries, if that's what led to you having sex with me, I'm not inclined to complain."
"Oh shit, the lingerie store! That was incredible. I felt so naughty."
I noticed that one hand had moved between her legs.
"Ah, the hood of your car. We've done that twice now. I love the heat of the hood pressed against my tits. That first time was so intense. I would like to note that you haven't spanked me much since then. And you still haven't bent me over the washing machine."
"Ugh," she said as she handed the tablet back to me, "I can't read the next part."
The next part was about her finding Benjamin buried in Penelope.
"I know, but it's relevant to the story."
She sat quietly for a while, but her hand was still between her legs.
"Can I help you with that?" I finally asked her.
"Here? What if the pilots come out?"
"They won't, they're used to not disturbing the passengers. There's a sofa back there," I said, thumbing toward the back of the cabin, "you could join the mile-high club."
"Well, it has been a week. And how many women can say they're members of the mile-high club?"
"Probably every woman who's ever been a guest on a private jet, but that's just my guess."
"Well, then, I guess I almost have to!" she squealed as she rose and headed for the back.
I caught up to her, spun her around, and wrapped her in my arms just as she reached the sofa. I placed a gentle kiss on her forehead, then another on the tip of her nose. She tilted her head back and offered me her lips. I was happy to take the soft pillows and press them against mine. It was a soft landing in those puffy cushions, but it quickly became a passion-filled contest to determine who would come up for air last. She lost that contest, coming up for air but diving back in quickly. She melted against me with a moan and a shudder. We kissed for a few moments before she pressed against my chest, breaking the kiss."
"Mr. Brown, you take my breath away," she said with a grin, "but I need to give you more than that." She began undoing her belt.
"What is it that you need to give me, Ms. Beauchamp? I'm a very prosperous man, so I imagine there's little you have that I need," I told her, almost laughing at our silly charade.
"I'm confident that you have nothing like this, Mr. Brown," she said with a raised eyebrow and a slight smile on her plump lips. She dropped her shorts and kicked them aside. She was now naked from the waist down, she'd worn no panties today.
"I have to agree with you, Ms. Beauchamp. I believe that I need quite a bit of what you're offering."
She stepped close to me and I wrapped one arm around her. I lifted her onto her toes as my hand parted her thighs. I pressed my lips to hers once again. As I parted her folds with my fingers she moaned softly. She was already sopping wet, and my fingers slid easily across her clit and along her lips, finally disappearing into her boiling entrance. I found her sensitive spot inside and thrummed it as she began to moan and twitch in my arms.
"Take all of it you want, Mr. Brown... please," she whimpered as she spasmed in my arms.
"Thank you, I believe that I will. You're mine now, Ms. Beauchamp, all mine," I whispered in her ear.
I felt a flood of her nectar flow over my fingers and drip to the carpeted floor of the aircraft. Her scent filled the air and gave me hunger, so I sat her down on the sofa and then knelt between her legs. I slid her thighs onto my shoulders and tasted her nectar, sliding my tongue the length of her lips, alternating probing her clit and her entrance. She grabbed the back of my head and pulled me deeper as she groaned in pleasure.
"Enjoying yourself, Mr. Brown?" she whispered. I answered by circling my tongue around her clit and giving it a firm suck. Her back arched and she drew in a sharp breath. "I will take that as a yes," she groaned.
After several more minutes of dining on her quivering cunt, I decided it was time for another orgasm. My fingers found her pleasure spot again while I suckled her clit, and soon she was moaning and quivering for me again. She was doing a good job of keeping the noise down, but I doubt the pilots could have heard us anyway.
Her orgasm subsided and she lay there on the sofa breathing heavily. She asked for some water so I stepped into the galley to get it. Just as I did, Benjamin, the other pilot, came down the aisle and headed for the restroom. There was nothing I could do, and Chelsea was out of it, so he got to see her legs spread and her pussy gaping open.
"Up to your old tricks, I see." He winked at me as he stepped into the bathroom and locked the door.
I sat with Chelsea and helped her sip the water and then retrieved a blanket from the overhead and spread it over her. I'm not sure she knew why, because I don't believe she saw the pilot even after he walked past her again. Her eyes were closed and she was breathing deeply as she recovered from two orgasms in quick succession. Once I was confident that the other pilot was not making a similar trip I dropped my pants, and pulled her ass to the edge of the sofa. With my knees on the edge, I slipped into her. She groaned as I bottomed out against her, my balls pressing against her ass.
"Ms. Beauchamp, I'm about to give you something that I'm sure you don't have."
"Oh, yes... give it to me Mr. Brown... give it all to me," she begged as she grabbed my ass and pulled me deep into her now quivering tunnel.
I enjoyed her for some time, leisurely sliding in and out. She closed her eyes and fondled her tits while she quivered and softly moaned, occasionally moaning my name. It was a long, luxurious fuck. Eventually, I felt the familiar slowing sensation that announced the beginning of our initial descent. It would likely be about 30 minutes before we touched down but I knew that we'd need to be buckled in well before that. I grabbed her hips and began to thrust vigorously, our flesh slapping in rhythm. Soon we were both cumming and she squealed when I emptied myself into her.
I pulled out and grabbed a towel from the galley. When I stepped back into the cabin I noticed that my seed was drooling out of her well-used cunt, and dripping down the front of the sofa. I cleaned both of us, and the sofa, as well as I could but I knew that we had left some stains. I didn't worry much, they weren't the first cum stains I'd left in this jet, and they likely would not be the last.
We were securely buckled in before the pilot requested it over the cabin speakers, and not much later we were on the ground in Aguadilla, Puerto Rico. As we taxied to the terminal, Chelsea became very excited.
"I'm on an island! Where are we?"
"This is Puerto Rico."
"Ahhhh!" she squealed.
We deplaned, and while our luggage was being brought to us I spoke with Jarad about the return trip, one week hence. He said that he and Benjamin would be our pilots on the return flight and that they would bring the larger jet so I could use the amenities. I knew the amenities he was speaking of. The larger jet seated fewer in the main cabin but it had a room in the tail that included a bed. We said our goodbyes to the pilots and left. I rented an SUV and our week in Puerto Rico began.
Our first stop was Rincón, where we checked into our hotel, enjoyed the beach, and watched the sunset as we had dinner. Back in the room, exhausted from the eventful day, we fell asleep quickly. The next day, we spent the morning in Rincón and then in the afternoon, drove to Guánica. We explored the forest in the State Park, had an early dinner waterside, and then took a boat to what would end up being the highlight of the trip for Chelsea. We boarded a small boat at sunset, on a night that turned out to be a new moon. The captain took us West, to La Parguera, and there, we snorkeled in the bioluminescent waters. She was spellbound by the light show that erupted around her. As we were the only customers that night he let her swim until she came back to the boat on her own. As we two men sat in the boat watching her in the white bikini that I'd bought her, we talked a bit in a mixture of English and Spanish. Mostly about the island and my plans, but eventually the conversation turned to Chelsea.
"The young lady, is she your wife?" he asked.
"Mi juguete (my play thing)." I replied.
"Belleza extraordinaria (extraordinary beauty)," he said, as we watched her frolic in the water. Her laughter punctuated the darkness.
"Si," I agreed, "she is increíble."
"Forgive me, señor, but a good man would not toy with her."
"Si, but am I a good man?" I asked, more of a question to myself.
She had now swam back to the boat, and he helped her aboard. She was exhausted but excited beyond measure, giggling and talking excitedly on the ride back to Guánica.
The next morning we rose early and continued our tour of the island, including the Museo de Arte de Ponce, Carabalí Rainforest Park where we rode horses on the beach, Caguas, and the Seven Seas beach at Fajardo. While at the beach we snorkeled in the shallow waters, holding hands often and exploring the myriad of sea life. We walked out of the water and I noticed several men, both locals and tourists, admiring her in that white bikini. We held hands as we walked down the beach and found a secluded area. We spread a blanket and I rested my back against the trunk of a palm tree and rested under the shade of the trees and bushes. She laid her head on my lap and I stroked her arm, light butterfly-like touches that raised prickles on her skin.
"That feels good," she sighed. Her hand had been lying on my thigh and she began to gently squeeze it; her hand gradually moved toward my cock. My excitement built and my cock grew under her head.
"It seems I've created a problem. Should I address it?"
"Yes," I moaned as her hand gripped my erection through my trunks.
She knelt between my legs and pulled my trunks off. I was now totally naked, lying on the beach, with a gorgeous blonde between my legs. She stretched out onto her stomach and took my cock and balls in her hands, massaging and stroking me. It only took a few seconds for my staff to grow to full size. My head was an angry purple and felt like it might explode at any moment. I was soon engulfed in her lips, and my angry knob was tapping the back of her throat.
"Take it easy," I groaned.
Her response was to moan, which nearly sent me over the edge. I grasped her hair and pulled her off my cock, causing it to flop in the sea breeze.
"I told you to take it easy. If you're willing to suck my cock on a beach, I want to enjoy it, so slow down," I said angrily.
"I'm sorry, Jason... it just felt so slutty to be doing it on the beach. I got a little carried away."
"I relish the fuck out of making you feel slutty, but how about we both enjoy this for a while instead of rushing into orgasm? Take your time; enjoy being my Caribbean slut."
She smiled at me with those plump lips and I released her hair. She returned her mouth to my cock and slowed down, her head bobbing in my lap and her tongue swirling in her mouth. I relaxed back against the tree and closed my eyes, listening to the water lap on the sand.
Several minutes passed, then as I sat there enjoying the sensations I heard a snap and looked to my left. I young man, a local, judging by his looks, was standing a short distance away. He had his cock out and stroked it, matching the motion of Chelsea's bobbing head.
"We have an audience," I whispered, "off to your right."
Without taking my cock out of her mouth, she turned her head and looked at him as she continued slurping on my cock. Then she stopped sucking me and smiled at him.
"What should we do?" she asked.
"Give him a show, I suppose."
She and the stranger locked eyes; she licked up my shaft and engulfed my head. She rolled slightly onto her side so she could watch him while she sucked me. I felt an additional excitement at having an audience, another man watching her as she attended to my aching cock. She felt it too, I could sense it in her. She was enjoying putting on a show for him. It didn't take long until I began to experience that familiar tightening in my balls. She sensed it too. At the last possible moment, she took my cock from her mouth and gave it a stroke, sending ropes of cum pulsing onto my stomach. I moaned in frustration at not being able to finish between her warm lips. She milked every last drop from me, all the while looking at the stranger. He stood there still stroking his cock.
"Why?" I asked.
"Well it wouldn't be much of a show without a cum shot, now would it? Besides, the show's not over yet," she said with a grin.
She knelt between my legs and reached behind her back to untie her top. Reaching behind her neck to do the same, she let her breasts free, tossing her top into the sand at the base of the tree.
"I've been wanting to free these since we got here," she moaned as she massaged her ample bosom. She looked to see if the stranger was still there. He was, and he was still stroking his cock. She stood up and took a few steps toward him.
"Chelsea --," I whispered.
She stopped and looked back at me. "It's okay, the show's not over."
She turned and slunk toward him like a cat stalking its prey, her ass swaying seductively. When she reached him she stopped at his side; he was no longer stroking his cock but he still held it in his hand. She wrapped her hand around him and turned him towards her. They were now standing broadside to me. It was my turn for a show.
He was much taller than her, much taller than the average Puerto Rican; his cock was long and thin. As she stood there massaging the head of his cock she was talking to him. She apparently told him to touch her breasts because he wrapped his fingers around them and started massaging and pinching her nipples. She closed her eyes and bowed her head, then glanced at me. She began stroking his full length and I faintly heard him moan. Watching her with another man, with her fully aware that I was there, had my heart beating rapidly. Surprisingly, my cock began to stir again so I wrapped my hand around it while I sat there reclining against the tree. She smiled when she saw this.
They continued touching each other for a while, speaking quietly. I imagined she was talking dirty to him, getting him worked up. I was surprised that he hadn't cum yet. Between jacking himself and now having her hand stroking his length I figured he'd been at this for some time now. Soon, she knelt on the sand in front of him, and I assumed he was about to get his cock sucked dry. Instead, she looked up at him, still speaking, as she quickened her strokes. He lost control. He threw his head back and I heard him roar as he unloaded on her tits. She looked at me and smiled as he was coating her. I'd suspected she was a bit of an exhibitionist when she let me record her masturbating, but this confirmed my suspicions. She continued milking him as she rubbed his head across her nipples and slid it between her cum-soaked globes. She stood up, smiled at him, and then walked toward me. He stood there momentarily, watching her ample ass sway, before putting his cock back in his shorts and trotting back up the beach from where he'd come from.
As she strode back toward me, naked save for her bikini bottom, she smiled and played with his cum that now adorned her tits. As she reached me, she fell to her knees.
"Enjoy my slut show?" she asked, glancing down at the hard cock in my hand. "Look at all this cum on my tits."
I stroked myself as she played with his cum, rubbing it over her globes. Her hands were covered in his spunk and it formed strands between her fingers. Her entire chest was shiny and sticky. She reached down and scooped the cum from my stomach and joined it with his, smearing it around her tits. She stared at me and moaned as she caressed herself. She pinched her nipples and then pulled her fingers away; strands of cum formed between them. I groaned and dribbled what remaining cum I had left onto my stomach. She gave me a cute smile and then stood and walked into the ocean to rinse her chest; I pulled on my trunks and joined her.
With the cum rinsed from our bodies we strode hand-in-hand down the beach.
"That was incredibly hot," she said.
"When did you become such a slut?" I asked, grinning at her.
"Not until I moved in with you, you dirty old man; you've corrupted me."
"I think I'll continue to corrupt you."
We spent two full days in San Juan, shopping and going dancing. In the dance club, she was on the floor with a group of women when some men approached them and started dancing as well. Soon, three of the men had her cut off from the group and were pressing their bodies against her. Their hands began to roam over her and at first, she seemed to be enjoying the attention, then one of them began grinding against her ass. He reached down and began easing the hem of her dress up her thighs. At first, she didn't realize it, only when his hands grasped her bare cheeks did the reality of her nakedness set in. A startled look came across her face and she turned to push him away but he wrapped her in his arms instead, pulling her close as she struggled. I strode onto the dance floor and took her by the arm, fixing him with an icy stare. He released her and the three men melted into the crowd. I led her to the exit before anything else could happen.
"You need to develop more situational awareness. You could have been raped," I growled through clenched teeth.
"I'm sorry, Jason! You're hurting me."
I didn't realize that I still had a firm grip on her bicep. I released her arm but placed my hand on her back, urging her to the car.
"Why are you in such a hurry? We're away from them now," she complained.
"Because they just left the club and they're following us. I'm no match for the three of them so get your ass moving!"
She glanced over her shoulder and saw them, then paused briefly to rip off her high heels and took off running for the car. "C'mon!"
We reached the car and drove away; they stood on the sidewalk and watched us pass.
"That's how women go missing," I growled at her.
"I'm sorry!" she snapped as she began to cry.
"Don't be sorry, be angry at yourself! Not all men have your well-being and best interests at heart. Learn that lesson, and don't ever go out alone. It's a lucky thing I was there."
"Thank you," she said softly, her voice trembling through her tears
"Your naiveté is endearing at times but it can get you into trouble quickly if you don't have your defenses up."
That night in bed she snuggled up tighter than ever, and I felt her still faintly trembling. I held her in my arms until she fell asleep. She'd been frightened, and rightfully so.
The next morning we drove on to Mar Chiquita in Manati, ending our week back in Aguadilla. We were exhausted, and I knew we'd only touched on a fraction of the things to see and do. I made a vow to myself to bring her back. As exhausted as she was, she was full of life that night. It was a welcoming change from the woman I'd first encountered in Pie Town.
Saturday arrived, the day we were returning home. When we reached the airport the aircraft had yet to arrive. We decided to have an early afternoon cocktail at the airport bar and settled in to wait with two Mimosas. We didn't have to wait long, the aircraft arrived just as we finished our drinks. As promised, they had brought the larger jet. After the aircraft was refueled, we boarded and were on our way home. Jarad had taken the liberty of ordering a meal from the caterer and we dined on our last island meal.
As we sat sipping a rum cocktail I asked her if she'd like to renew her membership in the mile-high club.
"Last time we did that you told me the pilots wouldn't see us, and yet one of them did. He saw me all splayed open."
"I didn't know you were coherent enough to realize he was there," I chuckled.
"Well, I was, and I was rather embarrassed. Besides, there's no sofa in the back."
"True, but we have something even better, come with me," I said as I stood and reached for her hand.
As we stepped through the door into the bedroom, she had a big smile on her face.
"Why, Mr. Brown, I believe you might be able to have your way with me without being disturbed."
I shut the door behind us and then pressed her up against it, holding her wrists together above her head with one hand. I placed my leg between hers so that my thigh was pressed into her womanhood. With my free hand, I brushed the hair from her face and raised her chin so she was looking into my eyes. I stared intently as if I was admiring a delicious meal. She closed her eyes and parted her plump lips as an offering.
"Give in, Chelsea. Give yourself to me, unreservedly. I want your mind in addition to your body. I swear on all that is holy that I will worship the ground you walk on," I whispered, our lips grazing as I spoke.
"I can't, Jason," she said, breathlessly, "please don't ask this of me."
"Still afraid of losing yourself"
She nodded and briefly pressed her lips firmly to mine.
"What if by losing the Chelsea you know, the woman who's been hurt, sheltered, and reserved, you found a new Chelsea who is strong, and powerful? A woman who is adored and treasured simply because she exists?"
She found my tongue and we kissed passionately for several minutes until she broke the kiss.
"Can you be happy with just my body, for now?" she asked as she looked deep into my eyes.
"For now," I smiled as I began to undress her. I ached to tie her down and free her but I knew better than to push, I might drive her away. For now, meant leaving
possibilities open, for now wasn't a no. I could live with that, for now.
She was wearing a sundress today. This made the act of undressing her a simple matter of slipping the tiny straps off her shoulders and letting the flimsy fabric fall to the floor. I sat her on the edge of the bed and removed the white sneakers from her tiny feet. She wore lace-topped socks identical to those she wore that fateful night. I peeled them off and exposed her teeny toes, adorned with her favorite pink polish. It had been weeks since I had given them proper attention, so I placed my lips on the top of one foot. As she sighed and lay back on the bed, I enjoyed my fetish. I kissed her feet and sucked her toes for probably ten minutes before I began working my way up her legs, one wet kiss after another.
When I reached her knees I removed her panties. Without my even asking she bent her legs at the knees and parted her thighs.
"You drive me crazy, Handsome," she whispered.
From my position between her thighs, I was quickly intoxicated by her scent. That musky, slightly tart smell, caused the animal in me to rage and I inhaled deeply as the tip of my nose tickled her clit. Unable to contain my lust I unleashed my tongue on her lips, eliciting a moan.
She placed her hand on the back of my head in gentle encouragement and crossed her ankles behind my back. I feasted on her while she sighed and moaned, and then began working her to an orgasm in earnest. I brought my fingers into play, first on her clit while I tongued the nectar from her entrance, and then slid them inside her to find her pleasure spot.
"Oh FUCK! I'm cumming Jason! Yes, yes, YES! Dammit, eat my pussy, make me cuuuummmm!" she commanded. She moaned and spasmed as she held my head tightly against herself, fucking my face and fingers.
As she recovered, I crawled up next to her. She grabbed me and pulled my lips to hers.
"I love to taste myself on your breath," she moaned as her tongue found mine and we kissed.
"If you ever have a lover that doesn't enjoy dining on your sweet pussy, you should kick him to the curb," I told her.
"I'll just keep you around so I can use your tongue, or if I find a husband maybe you can give him lessons." she giggled.
"Now there's a kinky thought!"
I looked into her smiling eyes, there was a new light there behind them, and there was a new joy in her smile, a little more teeth showing. It seemed that this trip had done her some good. I leaned in to kiss her again, gently this time, our lips lingered together.
"How do you want me today, Mr. Brown?" she said with a mischievous grin.
"I would like to have you by the back door, Ms. Beauchamp."
She looked a bit nervous and diverted her eyes. "I get nervous when you do that without me being properly prepared."
"I brought an enema bottle with us, it just needs water added."
"You've been carrying this around with you all week!"
"Yes, I'm a dirty old man who enjoys fucking young girls in the ass!" I said, animatedly.
"But seriously, we've been so busy and so exhausted each evening, that I didn't want to pressure you into having sex."
Her look softened and she held my face in one hand. "Then yes, I'll gladly let you have me that way. While I'm preparing I want you to get undressed, okay?"
I nodded in agreement and then walked forward to my carry-on and got the enema package and some lubricant out of my bag. She disappeared into the toilet attached to the bedroom and I undressed and lay on the bed. When she emerged she came over to the bed and bent down at the waist.
"I'm ready to be plundered, Mr. Brown," she said with a smile.
I patted the mattress and asked her to lie down in front of me.  She smiled knowingly and snuggled against my stiffening cock.
"I want to take you slowly, I want this to take a long time, and I want to cum together,"
I whispered while kissing her neck.
I applied some lube to her crinkled exit as well as my now turgid staff.
"Mmmm, that feels nice," she moaned as I massaged her puckered hole.
After we were both well-lubed, I pressed into her anus. She rasped loudly as my cock pried her open. I took my time giving her my full length, and when I was finally buried in her I heard a soft "yes". She reached between her legs and massaged my balls as I throbbed inside her. When I began to thrust, she put her fingers to work on herself; I felt one join me inside, separated by only a few membranes.
"I love fucking your juicy ass, my darling Morsel."
"What about my pussy and mouth, don't you love fucking them too?" she asked, sounding a bit pouty.
"Oh, I do love them too. I guess I just love fucking you."
"Good, because I love letting you fuck me. I've never had a lover like you, Handsome. You always give me amazing orgasms, and you make sure I'm satisfied before you finish. You're so considerate."
"What's happening in my mind is anything but considerate."
"I didn't say that you weren't naughty," she giggled.
While taking my time and enjoying being grasped by her sphincter, I ran my hand over her body. As she continued to work between her lips, I trailed wet kisses on her neck and shoulders and nibbled her ear. Between the two of us, she was soon approaching her release. When it became apparent that she was almost to the point of no return, I pulled her hand away from her pussy.
"What are you doing?" she groaned, "I was so close."
"Not yet, I'm not finished."
I placed her fingers on my lips and licked them clean as she squirmed against me, her muscles squeezing me. I smacked her behind and she yelped. A faint smile flashed across her lips. I smacked her again but kept my hand against her flesh and held it there briefly before sliding it over her hip and down between her legs. She was incredibly wet and I easily slid my fingers between her folds. She uttered a soft "yes" at my touch. With my fingers in her pink, my cock in her brown, and my lips on her neck, she was soon on her way toward orgasm. Once again I took her to the edge and yanked her back, denying her release.
"Ohhh, please baby, I need to cum. I need to cum on that big cock of yours. Don't you want to feel me quiver and shake while you fuck me?"
I said nothing, I just kept touching, kissing, and fucking her. I was close to orgasm myself so this time I helped her slowly approach her release, giving her soft kisses, and a gentle touch. She began to softly moan and squirm against me.
I whispered in her ear, "Cum for me, right now.".
"Oh, baby, I'm there. Yessssss," she gasped as her body quaked. I continued my soft caresses between her legs to help extend her orgasm. It was gentle, as orgasms go, but lasted for at least a minute. Just after she reached her peak and was starting to fade, I moaned near her ear and my cock pulsed in her, sending her to the peak again. She thrust back against me, grabbing my ass and pulling me deep. I smacked her behind, and she yelled and quivered. As we both faded, I pulled her close and continued kissing her. Once my softening cock slipped out of her she excused herself and headed to the restroom. When she returned to bed I excused myself.
Once we were both clean we snuggled in bed. I checked the time and by my estimate from what the pilots told me, we had three hours until our arrival so I set an alarm for two hours and pulled her close. We were facing each other, her face in my chest and one leg between mine.
"That was incredible," she whispered between kisses, "Was I good for you?"
"You always satisfy me," I said, then held our kiss a bit longer, "I hope you know that."
"I just want to please you. These last few months have been life-changing, Jason.
And this trip... I would never have, could never have, done that without you. I don't know how to thank you."
"I think you just did," I chuckled.
She squirmed against me, snuggling closer, and lay there for a while.
"This feels so right, Jason, but how do I get on with my life? I can't be a billionaire's fuck toy forever."
"Why not?" I asked. "Why can't there be room in your life for me? Why can't I have you? Shouldn't every billionaire have a fuck toy? Besides, I'm trying to help you move on. I'm trying to show you that there is so much more to this world, and you deserve a place in it."
"But I feel, I don't know, overshadowed, smothered maybe."
"There are worse places to be than in my shadow. Being there shows that you're close to me. Listen, I don't want to sound like some boy who's fallen for his first girl, but you came into my life and, like magic, everything was a bit more beautiful, a little more vibrant. You helped me break out of complacency and I'm enjoying life again. I won't stop you from leaving, but don't for a moment think that it's what I want."
"But, what about Crissie? And my parents, oh god, Dad will have a fit."
"You can't live your life trying to make others happy. It's your life, what do you want, how do you want to live it? As for your parents, how much do you care? They're halfway across the country and you rarely see them. My daughter will just have to get over it."
"But you want... something that I don't know I can give."
"Yes, I want to share my life with you, I want to support your success, push you to be your most confident self, I want to give you experiences you haven't even dreamed of, I want you to feel adored, and respected, and I want to honor and protect you."
"But what you want in return --."
"What I want in return is your entire being, body, mind, and spirit. Yes, I know, it's scary, but you're already reaping the rewards without making a commitment. Leave if you must, but it will be less effective to mentor you from a distance. You'll sleep alone, and your sexual life will effectively cease, save for prowling bars. Eventually, we will drift apart."
She buried her face in my chest and I felt her gently shudder, then tears moistened my skin.
"Consider what I'm offering Chelsea, a bond beyond your understanding of love. I apologize for pushing you, I won't ask the question again. What I will do is bring you deeper into my life, for just a short while. I'm being honored with some philanthropy award next weekend, a black tie affair. Cassandra is accompanying me, you should as well."
"That sounds... like not fun."
"You sound like you're pushing me away. I'm opening a door, if you don't want to walk through then that's up to you. You're always free to say no, but continually refusing me will not end well for you."
"I'd love to accompany you," she sighed.
"Good. Let's take a quick nap before we land, we're crossing several time zones and our bodies need to adjust."