Becky 02 - Becky Visits Grandpa George
Becky arrived home for her day at University in a good mood. She'd been watching the men's football team running about, paying particular interest in their shorts, or more likely, what their shorts contained. Seeing men's bulges even covered like they were held a fascination for Becky.
Starved of male attention throughout school, she'd made a point now of liking to watch and fantasize about men and what they were like downstairs. She'd found now that showing herself off sneakily she could get a man aroused, and seeing them aroused got her going too. Quite often she'd get home and bring herself off imagining them. This was one of those days, she hoped Ann wasn't in. Unfortunately not only was she in, but she was also sitting on the sofa facing the door, awaiting Becky's return.
"Hi, I have some news for you," Ann told Becky. "I've been offered a promotion and significant pay rise, with a minimum contract of five years to help me accept the job," she continued.
Becky noticed she wasn't smiling at her news, however.
"You don't seem pleased, so is there a catch?" Becky asked.
Ann pulled a face, a grimace like she didn't want to say but knew she had to.
"The job is at the other end of the country, so I need to relocate," she replied.
"Oh, I'm settled at my Uni now, I don't know if I'd be able to get a place and carry on there?" Becky said.
"That's why you're not coming with me Becky, I don't want to disrupt you at all. I also know you can't afford to keep paying the mortgage on this house, so I'll probably need to sell it."
"Yeah I get that," Becky said, thinking about it as she answered, "but where does that leave me?"
"Well once the house is sold and the remainder of the mortgage is paid off, I'll send you half of what's left to set you up. Until then we'll have to sort something out for you. They want me to start there next week though."
One week. Becky was shocked. She'd got comfortable living here with her step-mom since her father died, but at twenty years old it was time she thought about moving into her own place. The main issue she had was that she only worked occasional shifts waitressing and that was cash in hand. Nowhere near enough to even afford rent somewhere. She didn't know what she was going to do.
A couple of days later Ann came back from work with a smile on her face.
"I think I might have sorted your housing issue hopefully if you agree of course. Grandpa George has said you can go and stay at his for a while, he won't ask for rent either and it's not too far to travel back for Uni either. What do you think?" she said.
Grandpa George. Becky hadn't heard that name for a while. He wasn't actually her grandpa, she wasn't sure if he was an actual relative or not. He was her grandfather's younger half-brother, born when her gran divorced and got pregnant with another man. Grandpa George was a nickname that stuck, he'd always had shocking blonde/white hair that turned silver when he was around twenty years old.
He'd be around fifty years old now and ran his own very successful business. He always had a strong suntan that contrasted against his hair colour. She remembered he used to babysit her, taking her out on his yacht too when she got older. He owned a mansion out of town, around half a mile from any other dwellings. The idea of living there certainly was appealing.
"How long can I stay there if I say yes?" Becky asked.
"He says you can stay as long as you like, there's only him and Andy live there so you can move in as soon as you want too," Ann replied.
She'd forgotten about Andy. He was a little younger than Becky, a quiet little lad who kept himself to himself and didn't mix well with the other children at any family parties or gatherings.
"Well tell him I'll go over the weekend, so we leave at the same time if you start on Monday. Might as well leave the place together."
Friday came and Ann and she were packing all their stuff up, in between people coming to buy some of the furniture as Ann had put a lot up for sale online. They both ended up sleeping on the floor in the living room. Saturday arrived and there was a lot of hugging and crying, in between loading up their cars. They hugged again and promised to keep in touch, then Becky started on her journey to Grandpa Georges.
Becky finally arrived just under an hour later, driving up the dirt road driveway that led to the house she was greeted by George waiting on the steps. He wasn't much taller than Becky but had broad shoulders. His suntan was darker than Becky remembered, he almost looked like he had dipped himself in varnish, his silver hair slicked back with gel. His shirt was open halfway down his chest, and he wore shorts underneath.
He pointed towards where Becky could park, and started taking her bags out of the boot almost before she'd turned off the engine. She got out of the car and walking to the back of the car he immediately gave her a big hug, telling her it had been far too long. Talking of far too long, Becky thought she could feel his cock against her upper thigh as he grabbed her tightly.
He shouted out and Andy came through the front door. Becky almost didn't recognise him, he was much taller but still the same awkward manner about him. He smiled and said hello awkwardly, then grabbed some bags to take them inside.
George put some of the bags at the bottom of the stairs and told Andy to put these in Becky's room while he showed her around the house. There were a lot of rooms, far too many for just the two of them. they ended the little tour in the room Becky was to stay in. It was very tastefully done, with a four-poster bed with lots of pastel colours around the walls, and a very large dressing table. Andy had arranged her cases and bags around the bed so she could open them in any order. He went to open one up, and mild panic came over her. It was the bag with not only her undies and lingerie in, but it also contained her collections of toys, various dildos and buttplugs.
"Thanks, Andy, but I'll unpack everything myself, then I'll know where I've put things," she told him. He simply nodded.
George told her they'd be eating in around an hour and he would call them down when it was ready. She told Andy she'd chat to him later, as she wanted to relax after her journey. Reluctantly he left her room.
She unpacked and then went downstairs to eat. She noticed Andy was quiet while they sat there, nodding if his dad asked him anything. She wanted to break the ice with him.
"How old are you now Andy, and do you have a girlfriend at all?" she asked.
Andy didn't get a chance to answer.
"He's eighteen now, and still a virgin too," George answered, laughing as he said it.
Andy made a face at him, She recognised it instantly, She'd pulled it herself a few times especially during school. It was a face that she pulled when she was biting her tongue not to answer back, but inside he was probably swearing and calling his dad several choice names. Becky turned and smiled at him, but he didn't respond. She felt sorry for him.
A couple of days passed, Andy and George not fussing over Becky too much and letting her get settled in to let her feel comfortable in her new surroundings. Walking past his bedroom door after their evening meal, Andy saw her and asked if she wanted to hang out for a while. She told him no, she wanted to shower and change, and seeing his face drop she told him she'd come to talk to him once she'd showered. His face perked up.
Becky went to her room and pulled out a nightshirt to wear, but also a pair of lycra shorts for underneath. She'd take these off when she went to bed, but the nightshirt wasn't that long and she was going to talk to Andy. She picked up them and her towel and walked along the landing to the bathroom. She heard George singing to himself, and paused at his bedroom door. She gasped out loud when she saw him and put her hand to her mouth. George was wearing headphones so didn't hear her.
Becky gasped because George was standing naked, facing away from her. He'd bent down to pick his shoes up to move them, and his cock hung down between his legs. It wasn't that it was very long, but it was very fat. She stood up straight, and thinking he might turn around she moved to the door frame. She looked again, he hadn't turned around but she now had a better view of the front of him through a wall mirror. His cock was around six inches long, and probably about eight inches in width. Feeling her insides churning, she made a swift exit to the bathroom before he caught her looking.
Becky finished her shower and got dressed. She hadn't put any clean underwear on, she normally slept naked anyway so had just put on the nightshirt and the lycra shorts. She walked along the landing, pausing at George's door. He wasn't in there. She carried on to Andy's, turning the handle and walking in.
Andy very quickly slammed shut his laptop, and put both of his hands to his lap, a look of shock on his face. It took Becky by surprise.
"Sorry, I should have knocked first," she said apologetically. She looked at his hands and how he'd covered up his groin.
"Andy, were you masturbating?" she asked, smirking at him.
"No, no I wasn't," he protested, "I need the toilet," he continued.
He scurried off out of the door. Becky looked at the laptop intrigued. She lifted the top so the screen came into view, and the web browser was still open. She looked at the door, then clicked on the search history. There were several images saved, and a little further down she noticed a search entry "Redheads in the shower".
She clicked on one of the images, and it showed a busty redhead with very soapy tits. She opened his documents folder and found a folder entitled X. She opened it, and it was full of porn images of all descriptions. Becky changed the view so the newest images were first. The last saved image Becky clicked on and enlarged. If the woman in the photo hadn't been looking at the camera, Becky would have been hard to prove it wasn't her. The body was almost identical to hers, same size breasts and big arse, same long ginger hair, same pale skin, and sitting astride a very large dildo stuck to the bath.
Becky checked through the last others saved, different women but all a similar body shape and redheads, in different poses but all in showers or bathrooms in general. Had he been looking at these because of Becky? She quickly clicked off the links and shut the laptop again, just as Andy came back in. He looked a little flushed.
They spoke a bit, just general stuff like what they'd done growing up, what they were doing now when Becky decided to front him out.
"Was what your dad said true? I saw how you looked at him, I was like that all through school too so I know how you felt," she told him.
"About being a virgin? Yeah, I am," he blushed.
"So was I until I was eighteen too, so don't worry about it," she replied.
He looked a little shocked and asked about not getting any attention with her body. Becky laughed and said it was a fairly new thing, she didn't look like that through school.
"I saw what you'd been looking at, on your laptop. Was that because of me?" Becky asked him.
Andy blushed and nodded again.
"I was trying to imagine what you looked like in there," he said.
Becky noticed he'd stopped looking her in the eyes, and gazed down. She hadn't realised that her nipples were erect and poking out, clearly visible despite her loose top.
"I'm sorry for thinking of you like that," Andy told her.
"Sorry for looking, or sorry for getting caught?" she inquired. "Actually I'm flattered you'd want to masturbate over me, so thank you."
His hands went back to his lap. Becky wondered if staring at her nipples was making him erect again.
"What's your dad doing now?" Becky asked.
"He'll be out by the pool as it's still very warm, why?" Andy replied.
"I want to see you masturbate that's why," Becky told him.
"What? You want to watch me masturbate?" Andy said, shocked.
"Yeah, if you're going to imagine me while wanking, it's better I'm in front of you surely?" Becky said flirtingly, biting her lip.
She reached a hand down and played with her sensitive nipple through her nightshirt, and groaned. Andy stared at her intently.
"Take off your clothes, socks too," she told him.
Andy got up off the bed awkwardly, still trying to cover up his groin area, he tried pulling his t-shirt off with one hand but couldn't. He half-turned away from Becky as he put both hands on the bottom of his t-shirt, and pulled it over his head. It was just long enough for Becky to notice a very promising bulge in Andy's shorts. He lifted each foot and peeled off his socks, then stood looking at her reluctantly, his hands on his shorts but not lowering them.
"Are you shy?" Becky asked.
"I've, erm, never been naked in front of a girl before," Andy answered.
"Do you want me to help?" Becky replied. Andy nodded.
Becky slid to the floor on her knees, her face just inches from Andy's crotch. Hooking her hands into the sides of his shorts, she pulled them down slowly to tease both him and herself. Slowly more and more of his penis was revealed, his pubic hair and the base, along his shaft, then finally it popped out, nearly hitting Becky in the face.
"Oh wow! How are you still a virgin with that cock?" Becky remarked.
It was semi-erect, but still around seven inches long, and as fat as his dad's cock had looked. His balls were huge, but Becky presumed he may not have cum for a while.
"Do, erm, do you like it then?" Andy stammered.
"I can't believe you're a virgin still. What is wrong with the girls around here? How have you not even had a sympathy fuck?" Becky asked.
Andy didn't know what she meant, so Becky told him that it would be like a girl not really fancying him, but still wanting him to fuck her because his cock was nice and big.
"I've had people fuck me because of the size of my tits, not because they wanted to marry me," Becky tried to explain.
She walked over to the window, George was laying on a lounger by the pool in just his shorts, sipping on a large drink.
"Anyway, your dad is still outside so let's see you stroke for me then," Becky instructed him, sitting back on the edge of the bed.
Andy started to stroke his cock slowly, his gaze wandering across her body but more often than not right at her 38D tits. Becky helped him a little by pulling her top tight, the outline of her tits on show for him. Fully erect now, Becky asked him to stop and move his hands so she could see. His cock wasn't much bigger now but was still a good eight inches long and circumcised.
"You have a nice cock Andy, has nobody ever told you before?" she told him. Andy shook his head.
"Keep your hands behind you," Becky asked him while using her hands to remove her nightshirt, "Thought I'd give you a little more visual stimulation," she continued.
His cock twitched and jerked upon seeing her tits in all their glory. It looked like he was going to cum no-handed. Becky reached down and cupped her tits, looking like she was presenting them to him. Andy started to stroke again, his face starting to get red, his eyes firmly fixed on her tits. Becky knew it was also working for her, as she could feel her pussy get damper and damper.
"Andy, do you mind if I take off my shorts, I've gone ever so warm," Becky teased. Andy nodded vigorously.
Becky got up off the bed and facing Andy, started to push down her tight lycra shorts, almost revealing her pussy before turning and sliding them down over her arse. She heard Andy gasp as he saw it, and turned to see him stroking quicker. She put a hand on his wrist, telling him to slow down.
She sat back on the edge of the bed, leaned back a little and parted her legs, not fully wide but just enough for her pussy lips to be on show. She leaned back on her elbows.
"You don't have any pubic hair?" Andy asked.
"I shave it off, it feels better and it's more comfortable especially when the weather is hot like now too," she explained.
She reached a finger down and slid it between her pussy lips, making a small squelching sound. Seeing Andy staring, she asked him if he wanted to touch her.
"Can I? Really?" he blurted out nervously.
Becky took both of his hands and pulled him towards her, placing them onto her breasts. Keeping her hands on his, she showed him how to caress them and then her nipples. She told him to squeeze one tightly and pulled his hand away until it popped back out of his grasp. She groaned.
"Doesn't that hurt?" Andy asked
"A little yes, but the pleasure is much better," Becky told him.
She took one of his hands and guided it down her stomach to her pussy, sliding his hand between her legs. He remarked on how wet she was down there.
"So is your cock," she told him, a string of pre-cum hanging off the bottom of it now he'd stopped stroking. "Wipe your palm with it and rub it along your cock."
He did so and groaned. Becky smiled and nodded to his bedside table.
"You don't always need vaseline, not when you have a natural lubricant already,"
She reached over and took his left hand, and guided it to her clit. She rubbed his fingers over it, throwing her head back and moaning softly. She looked back at him and told him to start stroking again while he continued to rub her there. Getting into a rhythm she took her hand off his, using them to pinch at her nipples. He was a quick learner and combined with watching him stroke his cock she was soon on her way to an orgasm.
When it came her back arched and her body shook. Andy cried out and stepped back, shocked at what was happening. Becky relaxed and opened her eyes.
"Hey, don't worry, it's all good. you made me cum real quick. Now it's your turn," Becky told him. "Where do you want to cum?" she asked.
Andy looked puzzled.
"Face? Tits? Pussy? Arse?" she asked, turning onto all fours on the bed as she asked the last one.
"Erm, tits I guess," Andy answered.
Becky sat on the edge of the bed facing him and beckoned him as close as he could get. He started stroking.
"Pretend I'm still in the shower, and you're looking at your laptop still. Imagine what you'd be doing to me, and more importantly show me how much you'd cum for me."
He started to tug quicker, his head threw back now and again, but most of the time staring at her great firm tits. Becky squeezed them together, agonisingly close to his cock, until he erupted. Spurt after spurt shot over her, the first couple hitting her right on the chin, the rest nearly covering her tits. Becky didn't think he was going to stop.
Eventually, he did, and Becky teased him by scooping up his cum with her fingers and licking it slowly off. She pulled him to her and started to lick his cock clean. It jerked in her hand as she wrapped it around the base, sliding her tongue along the length until it was fully cleaned. Andy's cock had started to grow again.
"Can I fuck you now?" he asked.
"It will have to be some other time, I can hear your dad back in the house now."
She stood up and kissed him, then grabbed her things and scurried back to her room. She left the light off and closed the curtains, the room almost total darkness. A few minutes later she heard the door open, and George asked if she was asleep. Not hearing anything, he went out and shut the door behind him. Becky gave it a few seconds, then unclamped her legs from around the dildo she had up herself and continued to fuck herself thinking about Andy's cock.
Becky saw Andy the next morning and told him to act natural around his dad, in case he got angry about them. She told him if he kept quiet he'd get a repeat performance as soon as they got a chance. Andy quickly agreed. The next few days went by reasonably uneventfully, although she saw both Andy and George in separate incidents walking back from having a shower to their bedrooms, just with a towel wrapped around them. Was this a coincidence, or were both of them hoping to bump into her? Becky decided her mind was playing tricks on her.
That evening she got a chance to see if she had been correct. George told her they had a film and popcorn night every week and asked her to join them, to which she readily agreed. She went into the TV room where two three-seater sofas were facing towards a huge screen. George directed her to sit on one, George and Andy sat on the other, Andy closest to Becky. The main lights were switched off, the room illuminated from the light from the giant screen.
The film started and after around thirty minutes with Becky not getting into it but not wanting to spoil them watching it, started to yawn loud enough for them to hear. She wasn't really tired, it was an excuse for her to lie along the sofa. She rested her head on the arm furthest away from them, her legs and arse facing them. She heard Andy tell his dad he was tired too, and not enjoying the film, so he was going to bed.
Becky made sure to fidget now and again, each time pulling her skirt up a little higher until she could feel a draught on her upper thighs. She was almost certain now that George would have a decent view of her arse, and only her thong barely covering anything. One last movement moving her legs away from each other, her arse facing upwards more, and she put an arm up and across her face. His angle would look like she had covered her eyes, but she hadn't. The angle of her head meant she was looking right at him, but George couldn't tell as she peeped from under her elbow.
Becky knew George had a decent view but had altered his legs to be facing side on to the screen, so he had a better view, looking back at the screen if he saw Becky's head move.
Becky decided to go one further and reached down the arm that wasn't over her head. She started to scratch at her hip like it was itching, each movement pushing the thong down a little lower each time, each time moving her hand away and then replacing, all the while watching his expression. George had stopped watching the screen now.
Becky moved her hand to the small of her back, again rubbing at an imaginary itch, and again each time pushing the thong down a little further until her arsehole was fully exposed. The next time she 'scratched' she pushed her finger into her arse a little, groaning as she did. George leaned forward and looked at Becky to see if she was awake.
Becky responded by pushing the finger further into her arse, this time not removing it, her moans a little higher now. She started to slide the finger in and out, slowly at first. George started to rub his hand across the front of his jeans, his rapidly growing cock now obvious and turning Becky on more.
"Andy doesn't know what he's missing going to bed early," she heard him say to himself while undoing his belt.
"If I wake her up its game over. If I leave her sleeping she'll probably never know," George whispered to himself.
Becky thrust her finger in faster at this response, wondering what George had planned. George slid his trousers to the floor and kicked them off, then peeled off his t-shirt. He was very well-built for his age, he took advantage of the gym equipment in the basement, it wasn't just there for show. Even his chest hair was the same silver-white colour as his head.
He stood between the sofas so he had a better view of Becky's arse, little did he know he'd stood in the one position that Becky could still see him too from under her elbow. He pulled down his pants and started to stroke.
He rubbed the pre-cum along his shaft so it glistened in the light from the TV. He stroked with one hand while playing with his balls with the other, all the while staring at her finger in her arse. Becky responded by pushing another finger in alongside it, moaning louder still. She coupled this with hitching both of her knees up along the sofa so that her feet were almost level with her arse. This also allowed her better access, and she alternated pushing the wet two fingers into her arse for a while, then into her pussy.
Even with the sound of the film, she could hear herself squelching as her fingers ran through her wetness. George was grunting quietly to himself as he quickened his strokes. he was too busy staring at her arse that he didn't notice her move her arm a little more so she could see more of him.
She really wanted to feel his cock inside her, to push him back onto the sofa and ride him, to feel him stretching her while watching her lips grip his width as he slid in and out of her. But although she didn't think it would, she didn't want to scare him off. Surely if he wanted to fuck her he would have woken her up?
It was too late anyway, as Geoff started grunting louder and started coming, his first few spurts shooting across her upper legs and the rest over the sofa. Geoff paused as he'd become louder than he'd wanted, but checking Becky he was happy that she still seemed asleep, although now she wasn't moving but still had two fingers impaled in her arse.
He dressed, and rather than wake Becky he put his arms under her to lift her. Becky stirred as he did so, and moved. George's hand came to rest on her inner thigh, his middle finger right by her clit. He did not attempt to move it. Becky threw her arms around his neck.
"It's ok, you'd fallen asleep. I'm just carrying you up to your bedroom," she heard George tell her.
She groaned like she was still not woke up. Getting to the bottom of the stairs, George altered his grip and twisted Becky, now his hand was right across her arse, his fingers between her legs.
"Oops, you were slipping," he said as if trying to justify why he almost had his fingers in her pussy.
Each time he took a step up and altered their angles, his finger touched against her clit. Becky groaned, she wondered if there were enough stairs to allow her to come. She was almost there when they reached the landing, George pushing her bedroom door open with a foot, walking in and gently laying her on the bed on her back, He went to stand up, and Becky had to think quick.
"Hmmm John, put your hand back and make me cum," she said, pretending she was dreaming and plucking out a random name.
George looked back at the door, which he'd pushed back closed again. He quickly peeled off Becky's damp thong, lay sideways alongside her, his head level with her arse. He reached between her legs and started to stroke at her clit slowly. After a while, he froze. Becky was undoing his zip!
She pulled out his cock and started stroking him.
"Hmmm John, it's so thick. Lick me while I take you in my mouth."
As she said it she slid her leg over George's head so he was clamped between them, both of them facing sideways. He felt a hand on his cock, and Becky fed him into her mouth. He had no idea if she was still dreaming, but as she was calling him John he assumed so. He moved his head forward and started to lick between her legs. She let him lick her for a while, then twisted again so she was on top.
She clamped her thighs on either side of his head and started to rub along his mouth, his tongue moving from her clit to her arsehole and back. Knowing she wasn't going to take too long to come, she had to quicken George up as he'd already cum once.
Using her left hand to feed his cock into her mouth, she rubbed two fingers in his precum and lubed up his arse. She felt his body tense as she did so, but slid them in any way. Even with his mouth clamped to her pussy, he groaned very loudly. She pushed the fingers into him slowly, letting him get used to it. She knew he was when he starting fucking her mouth as well.
She felt his cock pulsing inside her mouth and knew he was getting closer, then her orgasm hit her. She squirted, her juices running down her thighs and George's face. She stopped a while until her body relaxed, then told 'John' she wanted him to feel his cum down her throat.
Her fingers thrust into his arse matching him fucking her mouth, then his back arched as he started to cum. Keeping her fingers in his arse, she clamped her mouth down and sucked every drop of his cum from him. Knowing he'd finished, she removed her fingers and clambered off him, lying face down and not looking at him. She heard the bed creak as he got up, and then light from the landing as he left her bedroom quietly.
A few days passed, neither of the men saying anything. Andy had casually asked her a couple of times if they could repeat their performance, George said nothing, seemingly believing that she had been asleep and dreaming throughout.
The following day George shocked her. He approached in the kitchen and asked if he could ask a personal favour. Becky wondered where this was leading.
"I've got a few guys coming over for a business meeting over the weekend, they'll stay over on Saturday night, and the company I normally use for waitresses is closed for a while. Would you mind waitressing for us perhaps? I'll pay for your time of course," he told her.
"I don't mind waitressing, especially if I'm getting paid too," Becky replied.
"It's not quite that simple, there's a little more to it than just handing out drinks and snacks," George said.
He beckoned her with him, and she followed him upstairs. He went into his bedroom, into the walk-in wardrobe, and took out a dress bag, handing it to Becky.
"You'll need to wear this outfit, and when the guys get drunk they may get a little hands-on too. They're very big clients or I wouldn't ask this of you," he told her. "Oh, and I'm sorry, but I needed to know what size to buy so I had to find out a bra of yours for the correct size," he continued.
Becky knew if he'd been going through her underwear drawer he had most likely seen her collection of toys in there too. Judging by the look on his face he had done so. Becky smiled and undid the zip.
The dress bag contained a maid outfit, a PVC corset with a silk skirt off the bottom, and thin PVC shoulder straps. The bag also contained a pair of black high heels, an expensive brand Becky noticed when she checked them out, and a pair of black hold up stockings.
"If it's too much to ask I understand. It should be easy enough to get a refund on these, but if you agree you can keep these too. I'll also pay you £500 for the whole evening," George told her.
"Just hands-on? These clients aren't expecting a prostitute are they?" Becky asked sternly.
"They're not expecting sex with you, no. You just need to know that wearing this their hands will be everywhere that's all, and as they are big clients I could do with the evening running smoothly if you understand me," George explained.
"So no complaining or arguing while they touch me up then. At least they won't be expecting to have sex with me then, I should think not for only £500. Well then it will be a yes," Becky smiled.
George asked her a few times over the next couple of hours if she was sure about it, she explained to him she knew what to expect, it wasn't like she hadn't had instances in clubs where men would slap at her arse as they went passed, or brushed their hands across her tits if close to her on a packed train.
Andy wasn't so keen though when he found out. He told her that the last girl who had waitressed for them had been constantly remarked at all night, the guys begging for her to fuck them all and shoving money into her outfit for 'extras', then complaining when she wouldn't. She'd left almost in tears at the end of the night. Becky told him to relax, she'd be fine. Andy told her he'd be around also.
The evening arrived and Becky had heard them all arriving from her bedroom. George had told her that they would be all outside by the pool, and he'd give her a shout when they were ready for her, he was to sort out their first drinks before the meeting started properly.
Becky had changed into the outfit, loving the way it looked on her. The skirt part only reached just under her arse though, perhaps it reached a little further down the legs on ladies who didn't have big round arses like herself though. She'd tried on a few pairs of knickers, a thong or g-string left too much of her arse on show, so she decided to go with a pair of black lace shorts. Although bigger they were almost see-through.
She was admiring herself in the mirror when Andy came in to tell her they were ready. Through the reflection, she saw him stop and his mouth dropped open. She turned with a huge grin on her face.
"Do you like then? Do you think they'll like too?"
"It's beautiful. So are you. But is it a little too revealing?" Andy stammered.
Becky walked to him and dropped her hand to his crotch. She could feel his erection already just at looking at her.
"If it has the same reaction from them I think I'm going to get a lot of tips tonight."
She walked down into the kitchen, picked up a tray and loaded it with six bottles of lager, and swayed her way out to George and the others. Six mouths dropped open at seeing her approaching, the corset doing its very best to contain her 38D tits. Seeing George's reaction she remembered he hadn't seen her wearing the outfit yet either. She handed out the bottles, leaning forward a little more than she needed to when handing them over.
"Let me know if you need anything else," she said as she turned and walked away.
"Holy shit George you've chosen well this time."
"Did you see those tits and arse?"
She smiled to herself hearing the comments as she went back into the kitchen.
The evening continued much the same. She'd bring out drinks, the guys would get a little more boisterous the more they drank. It started with a few playful taps on her arse, then laying their hands on her arse as she stood by them, one of them even stood behind her and put his arms around her waist, high enough so his hands were cupping her tits. She laughed and brushed his hands away, and brushed the back of her hand against the erection she'd felt in her back.
She'd had various notes pushed into her stockings with suggestions on what she could do to earn more, one of the guys put two £50 notes into her cleavage and asked how much to stick his cock there instead. Becky just laughed and walked away, ignoring the suggestion. She walked back into the kitchen and put these notes with the others, and counted them. £420 and counting.
George came into her just as she'd finished counting.
"The guys all want to go in the pool now, can you and Andy come and stay outside, please? Just in case something happens, they have drunk quite a lot after all," he asked.
Andy and Becky both agreed, Becky telling Andy she'd be out soon as she needed the toilet. She didn't, but thinking about them all in shorts in the pool gave her an idea. She slipped off her heels and ran upstairs. She went to her bedroom window and looked out down to the pool, watching six men undressing. They were of various sizes and ages, but all she was bothered about was seeing them stripped down.
She watched for a while, absentmindedly rubbing at the front of her lacy shorts as she watched six men parading around in just their undies. One of the younger guys had already been in the water, and his white cotton briefs were now see-through. His cock looked very nice and thick, but she needed to move away to do what she had come up for.
She pulled down the lacy shorts so they were halfway down her thighs, then used her damp pussy to wet her middle finger which she then pushed into her arse. She slid it in a few times, then reached into her underwear drawer for a buttplug. She picked out a black one to match the outfit and her shorts, a lifelike cock one with realistic veins that was four inches long, rubbed some lube on it then inserted it. She pulled the shorts back up, then went downstairs. She could feel it inside her with every step. She got back to the kitchen, put her heels back on, and went out to the pool.
Andy was stood by the tables, all of the others were in the pool itself, generally fooling around. One of them shouted Andy and asked if he was coming in, to which one of the others shouted out that he was a shy virgin and no way would he show his cock off in front of them, let alone me. He pulled that face again but kept quiet. Becky went over and stood next to him.
One of the guys got out of the pool and walked towards them. He was a short bald older man, with a rather large stomach. His stomach almost but not quite hid his quite obvious erection sticking out from his skin-tight white wet pants. His hands went straight to Becky's tits which he started mauling at roughly, like he was trying to push them out of the corset, then sliding behind her and slapping her arse quite hard.
"You look too overdressed," he told her, "Aren't you coming in either?"
Becky smiled and politely declined, the guy shrugging his shoulders at the others and laughing as he returned to the pool. She turned to Andy, who was looking her up and down. She looked at his crotch, and his semi-erection was evident. She reached over and took his hand, and rubbed it across her arse. He smiled at her, then looked at the pool. Becky moved his hand and placed it between the cheeks of her arse. His hand found the buttplug, and he looked at her a little puzzled. Becky moved his hand upwards and slowly pushed it down into her shorts. His fingers slid down, over the buttplug and down her pussy. Becky groaned as quietly as she could manage, biting her lip.
"How much for you to undress and join us in the pool?" one of them shouted out.
"Leave the stockings on though," another shouted, laughter bellowing out.
"What for?" Becky asked, Andy's fingers still on her pussy.
"So we can see you naked, and see where it leads," another cried out.
"I could get naked standing here, and it wouldn't be much fun in the pool. You'd all be able to see my tits, your good bits are all hidden underwater," Becky challenged them.
There was a pause, the group talking amongst themselves.
"I'm not fucking you all before that's suggested either," Becky continued.
They all continued to talk. High fives started to be made between them.
"£2000 for you to masturbate for us. £3000 if we can all come over you too," George shouted out.
Becky thought about it, Andy's fingers had stopped moving now.
"£5000 and I'll fuck Andy while you watch and come over me," Becky replied.
"We're all here and you want to fuck the virgin amongst us?" one shouted.
"That's the deal, take it or leave it," Becky answered.
They all started to get out of the pool and scrabbled about amongst their belongings. They all handed things to George, who walked over to her.
"There you go," he said, handing her a wad of banknotes, "are you sure you wanna do this?"
"Do you know how long it would take me to earn this kind of money?" Becky replied. "Tell the guys I'll be back down in a short while, I need to put this somewhere safe first."
Becky walked away, going up to her bedroom, where she counted out the cash then stuffed it into her underwear drawer. She looked at her selection of dildos but decided not to take one with her. Andy's cock should be more than plenty, but if he did get a little stage fright she was fairly confident there would be six other willing participants.
Walking back over towards the pool she noticed some of the guys were still in the water but started to get out when they saw her approaching. Sitting around on the chairs now, they watched eagerly for Becky to strip off. Becky pulled a lounger chair over and sat down, then told the guys to re-arrange their chairs in a semi-circle facing her. Happy that she had them positioned so she could see them all, she started to undo the fastening on the corset to a chorus of cheers.
Once done she put her hands on the cups and lowered them slowly, teasing them when her nipples were almost showing, the top half of her areolas peeking out. Finally, she unleashed them into the warm night air, a few wolf whistles sounding out. She lowered the corset down, then stood and let it slip down her body and legs, kicking it off her ankles. She stood in front of them in just her lacy see-through shorts, the guys crying out for her to continue.
"You guys first, your pants off then mine," she teased them.
One by one and quite hurriedly they removed them until each was naked except for Andy, who was looking around him. Much like the guys themselves, their cocks were a mixture of sizes and widths, George probably the biggest of them all.
"Don't be shy Andy, unless you don't wanna fuck me after all," Becky told him.
Andy quickly removed his boxer shorts, to a few gasps.
"God, you hide that well," "How are you still a virgin?" "She's going to enjoy that one," amongst the comments.
Becky walked over and starting at the end of the line moved along them, stroking their cocks and then telling them to continue doing so, saying she needed to see them too. George lifted his head and took a nipple into his mouth while she stroked him.
Becky moved back to the lounger chair and keeping her back to them started to peel down the shorts. With the buttplug almost showing, she bent over and slid the shorts down her legs.
"Dirty bitch has put a buttplug in for us!" someone shouted out.
Becky turned and smiled.
"Dirty bitch has had the buttplug in all night," she replied.
She sat on the end of the lounger and started to play with her nipples, looking at each cock in turn. She leaned back a little and spread her legs, moving her hands down and pulling her labia apart. Her pussy gaped for them, she inserted two fingers easily. She thrust them inside herself a few times, then removed them, showing her open hole to them all. She put a hand down further and slowly removed the buttplug, showing both holes gaping. God she needed filling up!
She turned so her back was to the guys, and reaching behind her pulled her arse cheeks apart, wiggling it for their viewing pleasure. She replaced the buttplug, fucking her arse with it for a bit, then spreading her arse again. Her head leaning on the lounger, she looked back at the guys to see George approaching her. Tentatively he pushed two fingers into her pussy while she had her hands gripping her arse. He pushed them in a few times, then removed them and licked them clean.
"Tastes as good as she looks," he told them all, returning to his chair.
Becky knew George knew exactly how she tasted, but she couldn't let on. She turned back to face them, stood up, and went to the start of the line again.
"I'm still not fucking you all, this will be a bonus because I'm so turned on," she said.
She bent over to the first guy, and took his cock into her mouth, removing it long enough to take his hand and guided it between her legs, telling him to finger her. She slurped on his cock as he thrust three fingers into her fast. She hadn't intended to, but she now wanted to come before Andy entered her.
She went along the line repeating the process, each time she got was getting closer she'd stop and move on to the next, but also not staying long with each guy. George and Andy were the last two in the line, George's fingers went straight to her clit and knowing she wasn't far off now, she asked George to pinch her nipples while Andy fingered her. She clamped her legs shut on Andy's fingers as her orgasm rushed through her, her juices running down his hand and her stocking-clad legs. Her body shook and George grabbed her so she didn't collapse to the floor.
Finally relaxed, she grabbed Andy by the hand and walked him back to the lounger. She sat on the end of it and pulled him in front of her, stroking his cock then sliding it between her tits. Putting a hand on either side, she squeezed them together around his cock, feeling his pre-cum coating her cleavage. Andy simply stood still while Becky moved her tits on him, enjoying the feeling of something new and unexpected.
"Now you're nice and hard, lie down on the lounger with your legs on either side," Becky told him.
Once in position, she clambered over to him, her legs by his, and reached up and grabbed the top of the lounger with one hand, and guided Andy's cock into her soaking wet pussy, a little more each time. Fully impaled, she put that hand by the other, the top half of her body stretched so that her tits swung over Andy's face.
"Bite my nipples while I ride you," she told him.
His hands firmly gripping her hips as she slid up and down on him, Andy's head bobbed about trying to get a nipple in his mouth. Eventually, he moved a hand and bit gently on one, Becky moaning as he did so. She turned to look over her shoulder, seeing what was happening behind her. Seeing them all stroking their assorted sized cocks while watching her, she arched her back and tried to force her arse up a little more, laying right alongside Andy now, their sweaty bodies entwined as her tits almost suffocated him, sweeping up and down his face with each thrust of her hips.
She told Andy to stay there and withdrew from him slowly. She stood, turned around, and slid his cock into her mouth, savouring the mix of flavours of his and her juices coating his entire length. Her legs on either side of the lounger again, she squatted over him and took all of him in one thrust. He felt good inside her, and she sat watching her baying audience while pulling and tweaking her nipples.
She leant forward as much as possible, her hands on the front of the lounger now, knowing Andy had a perfect view of his cock inside her, and the buttplug still in her arse. At this angle, she could almost feel every vein on his throbbing cock as it pulsed inside her. She rode him slowly, their thighs rubbing together as she did so. Without prompting, Andy started to work the buttplug slowly in and out of her arse.
Andy was enjoying the feeling but scared at the same time. He was scared that if he came, she'd not be finished and she'd move on to the others, unfulfilled by him. At the same time he was enjoying how her pussy lips gripped his cock as it slid in and out of her, how her arse contracted and moved now he was using the buttplug on her, and more importantly how nice the inside of her pussy felt as it gripped him tightly. He tried to take himself off somewhere else, not wanting to come just yet. It was a technique he'd practised with all the many hours spent masturbating.
Soon it got too much for one of the guys, who rushed forward towards Becky's face, held her chin with one hand while wanking furiously with the other. It took seconds for him to spray his load on her, spurts going in her hair and across her nose and eyes. almost as quick, he returned to his seat. Becky got a sense of extreme enjoyment with him coating her face, she always took it as a sign of men had appreciated watching her. Sensing the others may be getting close too, she sat up and turned to Andy, telling him to sit still.
She stood and got off him, a trail of juices chained from her pussy to his cock as she got up. She grabbed a couple of towels and lay them across the floor, rolled up, then knelt on them. She put her hands down so she was on all fours, then motioned Andy to kneel behind her. He didn't need much encouragement, and slid almost right into her one go, making her groan loudly.
"Anybody else wants to add their load to his, feel free," she whimpered as Andy thrust into her, rocking her back and forth, her large tits swinging underneath her.
Andy got back into a rhythm again, and one of the guys came closer, stroking his cock while playing with one of her tits. He squeezed harder as he got closer to coming, then put his cock right by Becky's mouth as his load erupted, Becky trying to taste him as it shot all around her mouth. He held his cock in front of her after coming, and Becky stuck out her tongue for him to wipe the last remnants of his cream off.
She slurped loudly as she swallowed his cum down her throat, wishing more had gone in her mouth. Andy was impressing her now, he'd been fucking her for a while at the same pace, not overly quick but also not slow like he was on auto-pilot. If he was pacing himself not to come he was doing a very good job, and Becky certainly wasn't complaining as his cock felt good inside her.
Andy started to play with the buttplug again, but after a while, she heard him gasp as the buttplug left her arse, a rush of cooler air flowing down her as it gaped open, like it was gasping for air. He paused for the briefest second, then Becky felt him withdrawing his cock from her. Had he cum? If he had she hadn't felt it. She got her answer as his cock, soaked from being in her pussy for so long, started to slide into her arse, Andy pushing almost half in before withdrawing and pushing again. Becky responded by putting her head on the floor on a towel to balance, putting her hands on her arse cheeks and pulling herself as wide open as she could.
"Oh fuck, oh fuck, oh fuck," she cried out as Andy pushed his cock until he was fully inside her, pausing while he thought she might stop him. Becky pulled away slightly then pushed back, groaning again. Looking back at Andy, she smiled and nodded. Andy started to fuck her arse, settling into the same rhythm as he'd been fucking her pussy at.
Becky bent her arms and leaned on her elbows, and noticed George walking over. He went behind her and shouted out.
"He's fucking her arse, good fucking lad," he said, slapping Andy playfully on the shoulder.
Becky responded by closing her legs together, trying to clamp on Andy's cock more. She could feel her juices running down both thighs as they rubbed together as Andy fucked her. All of the guys now were standing closer to them, watching on, none left in their seats. One put his hand under her chin, forcing her head up to watch them, not that she needed encouragement to.
Cocks were being masturbated right in front of her, and longing to taste one she stuck out her tongue. Bodies and faces became one now, as a cock was put by her mouth but she couldn't tell who it belonged to. She moved from leaning on her elbows to leaning on her hands, raising her head more, and took the cock in her mouth. She gulped down on it, using her tongue on the underside of it, but keeping both hands down on the floor so the cock owner was fucking her mouth.
The feeling of Andy in her arse felt good but she wished she had a cock in her pussy too, especially with her legs clamped together. her mind wandered to having a cock in all three holes, and she groaned loudly. Although the idea was appealing, she'd said she wasn't fucking them because this she'd planned to be Andy's night. That idea would have to be saved for a rainy day.
Each cock took its turns to fuck her mouth for a little while each, then when she finally got the chance Becky asked them to wait. She told Andy to stop, The lounger had fold down arms for packing away, so Becky got on the lounger with her head hanging off the bottom, gripped behind her knees spreading her legs apart, then told Andy to straddle the lounger and fuck her arse again, putting his hands where her's were. She took her hands and put them under the lounger, gripping one of the legs tightly.
"Right, my mouth and tits are all yours, show me how much you've enjoyed the show."
She saw a blur of cocks being stroked right by her face, hands kneading and mauling her tits, and pulling at her nipples. Each thrust of Andy pushed her arse off the lounger a little, each thrust pushed her willing mouth closer to a cock, her tongue out like she was catching raindrops. She felt someone's balls rubbed across her face, and took one into her mouth, its sweaty musky aroma weirdly intoxicating.
Again cocks were pushed into her mouth, her head bobbing and mouth slurping as she longed to taste their cum. One by one she felt cocks cum over her tits, over her face, or into her mouth which she gladly swallowed down. She lost count, but some of the guys had cum more than once. Her face and tits were almost covered, and one by one the guys slumped back, spent, content to just watch. Andy, however, was still going.
Becky looked up at him, her hair soaked, sweat pouring down his face and body. His nipples were erect, and Becky reached up and pulled them, Andy feeling the same pain but then pleasure as Becky had described.
"Cum up my arse Andy, fill me up with your cum. Play with my clit too, I need to cum too," Becky begged him.
Andy's face turned to almost rage, his hands thrust Becky's legs back further and together so her knees were on her tits. She replaced him, as he moved one finger to her clit. Just one touch made her body shake, Andy's pace was relentless now, beads of sweat flying off him and mixing with Becky's, her nipples rubbing across her thighs as his thrusts pushed them back and forth. Becky could feel herself getting closer and closer.
"Please Andy, make me cum," she begged again.
Suddenly her body started to shake, her orgasm rushing through her like a tsunami. She quirted over Andy, and her eyes rolled, as Andy finally let go. He grunted out loud, spurt after spurt flooding into her, pulling out and thrusting in with each spurt. He came so much it started to spill from her arse, mixing with her pussy juices running down her arse and back. Andy lay still, his cock still impaled in her. Becky didn't want to move either.
Eventually, George called out to Andy, and he withdrew from her, a sticky chain of cum still linking her pussy and his cock like they were holding hands. He walked off, thanking her as he did so. Becky lay on the lounger, both spent and re-running the evening through her mind.
The following day she had a phone call, it was Ann.
"Hey, just thought I'd check in with you, see if the living arrangements are working out?" Ann asked her.
"We've had a couple of offers for the house so should be able to transfer you some money soon so you can look for your own place," she continued.
"You know what Ann, the money will be lovely but I think I may just stay here for a while, I think George and Andy enjoy having me," Becky answered mischievously.