After an amazing holiday where Suzi had been wanked over on our balcony, oiled up and fucked in the pool by some young guy and then fucked in our room by the same guy. Walking back down from the room two days running with spunk on her exposed tits one day, then her face covered in spunk the next day. She'd teased guys in disco's and been felt up so many times, I actually lost count. I can't remember the number of fingers that slid in her ass and pussy, that is, the ones I know about! My stripper slut wife was now the perfect slut, so much so, judging by the unknown numbers of fingers that got to know her holes personally. Suzi's incredibly high sex drive was tested to the limit during our stay, but now it was time to return home. Almost every article of clothing had spunk stains on it, some so bad that they'd end up being thrown out. We were in the airport awaiting to check in for our flight and it would seem, Suzi's little adventures hadn't ended just yet. As I placed our bags on the scales at the check in desk, I turned back toward Suzi, only to find her striking up conversation with the guy behind us. Turns out he had seen her strip in the club and had actually been privileged enough to receive a very sexy lap dance from my stripper slut wife. They continued their conversation as though I didn't exist, which had become the norm on our excursion. I listened intently as the guy hit on my wife incessantly, with plenty of encouragement from Suzi.
"I'm pleased you enjoyed my lap dance!" Suzi smiled at the guy flirting as she did, touching his muscular arm.
"I couldn't believe how sexy your body was, and those pierced huge tits almost had me exploding!" He exclaimed.
"Yes I do remember when I sat naked on you as I straddled on your lap, it was very difficult to not notice your arousal. Very impressive!" Suzi giggled raising her eyebrows, now stroking his bare arm.
"Let me buy you a drink once I get checked in!" He smiled, totally ignoring my presence.
"That would be wonderful" Suzi flirted "See you on the other side!" She turned on her high heels and headed through departures. His eyes never left her as she swayed through departures very sexily. Her tight black button up top in a shiny cire material clung to her sexy rack. Her huge firm, braless breasts looked as though they were painted with the material of her top. The second skin of the skin-tight top, cupping her gravity defying breasts with her pierced nipples obediently poking against the thin material. The tight black leather mini skirt embraced her magnificent buttocks, as all male eyes stared at her deliberate sexy walk. The black strappy high heeled sandals showed off her taut tanned legs to perfection. She really was sex on legs and she knew it. We got through departures and headed to the bar. Suzi climbed on a barstool and leant against the bar with her body facing the patrons. Suzi crossed her long legs as her tight leather mini skirt rode further up her thighs. A table of guys opposite her were treated to a glimpse of her shaved pussy as she was wearing no underwear at all. I slid her drink beside her and settled in to watch the bar fly's circle my wife. The guy she was flirting with at check in arrived in the bar making a beeline for Suzi.
She smiled as he approached her, holding her arms outstretched as though she was greeting an old friend. He slid his hands around her narrow waist and kissed her right cheek. Leaning closer he whispered something in her ear which made Suzi giggle flirtatiously. His hands slid up her waist, touching her unfettered side boob. He continued whispering in her ear as Suzi giggled once more. She leant back against the bar, which popped the top two buttons of her top as she playfully slapped his arm and said.
"You are a naughty boy! I'm here with my husband!" She smiled nodding her head toward me. The guy offered his hand to me as a greeting and said.
"Hi I'm Neil. I just have to say this but you have one very beautiful sexy wife. You're a lucky man!" He smiled whilst shaking my hand. Suzi playfully slapped his arm again and giggled at his compliment.
"You're such a naughty boy!" She smiled the most suggestive smile as her eyes sexily looked at home from the side.
"Thank you very much!" I replied "Suzi is indeed very beautiful and as you correctly pointed out she's also incredibly sexy!"
"Oh Jim you've still got the magic!" Suzi smiled.
She turned her head toward the guy, who I noticed still had one hand around her waist, which looked as though he was trying to slide down the back of her tight mini skirt, like a child sliding their arm down a sofa looking for loose change.
I couldn't help but notice the sound a zipper being pulled, as the guy was obviously sliding the zipper down the back of Suzi's tight leather mini skirt. The guy was standing on her right when Suzi crossed her right leg over her left leg, which raised her right butt cheek up off the stool slightly. I noticed the front waistband of her skin-tight leather skirt was somewhat, then suddenly became tight right before my very eyes.
The cheeky bastard had moved his hand down inside her skirt and was probably fondling her naked ass. I smiled at his antics as Suzi squirmed a little on her stool, obviously enjoying his secretive fumbling. He leaned in toward Suzi just a tad, I assumed to get his fingers closer to her shaved pussy. I distinctly saw his eyebrows raise which I assumed meant he had made contact with Suzi's shaved slit. Suzi uncrossed her legs, the very slowly and deliberately crossed them again. I could see her eyes half close, a sure fire sign that his fingers were either stroking her pussy or were inside her pussy, wriggling around inside her tight hole. Maybe he'd slipped a finger in her ass. The fact was his fingers were arousing Suzi's exhibitionist and cheating fetish. Her right hand went on the guys shoulder, probably for stability as she began to gently bite her bottom lip. Two buttons were open on her tight top, revealing so much cleavage you could see the shape of her fabulous breasts. Her chest was heaving slowly and my guess was that she was approaching orgasm. She made noises as though she was clearing her throat, probably to disguise the noise of her orgasm, as I clearly saw her cheeks flush and her pupils dilate. She feigned a cough as she tapped his arm twice. He clearly understood her signals as he sneakily removed his hand and craftily zipped up her leather mini skirt. Suzi turned to me and smiled.
"I'm just popping to the ladies. Get me another drink honey!" She grinned climbing off her bar stool.
"Please let me get that!" Her knight in shining armour ordered her drink and kindly bought me one also.
"I'll be back in a minute!" Suzi smiled then headed off to the ladies, walking between tables of men who could not take their eyes off the siren dressed in skintight black breezing past their tables.
I looked at the guys hand as he passed me my drink. His index finger looked shiny and sticky, possibly the residue from Suzi's orgasm. I smiled inwardly happy that my stripper slut wife was attracting men to her body like moths to a flame. I looked over and Suzi was on her return from the ladies. She stopped at one table of four men and struck a conversation. She placed her hands on the table, arched her back and stuck her tight leather clad ass out. Her legs were slightly parted as she leant forward on the table. Her cleavage must have been in full view as I witnessed all four pairs of eyes at the table ogling Suzi's huge breasts. She giggled at whatever was being said, then playfully slapped the arm of the guy closest to her right. The guy directly on her left said something which also made her giggle and resulted in him getting a playful slap. She stumbled slightly as both guys placed their hands on her to steady her. The guy on the right slid his hand up her skirt and must have gently grazed her shaved slit. She didn't object, but instead leant further over the table to speak to the guy opposite. The guy on her right was stroking her shaved slit as she carried on her conversation with the guy opposite. She giggled once more and stood upright. The guy on her right removed his hand and smiled at her. She bent down and kissed his cheek, turned to her left and kissed that guy on the cheek then waved goodbye to the other two. She returned to her barstool and leant in close to whisper in my ear.
"Those guys are the ones who watched me masturbate and get spunked on!" She giggled sexily then turned back to the guy who'd been unzipping her skirt. I was playing gooseberry now as Suzi gave the guy her undivided attention. I tapped Suzi on the shoulder and informed her I was off to the gents.
Suzi smiled and turned back to continue her conversation.
I walked away as though going to the gents, but instead I circled the airport bar and took a good position to see how far she would go. I looked over and Suzi was kissing the guy passionately, her tongue slithering inside his mouth as both of his hands cupped her leather clad buttocks. Suzi had her left hand on his shoulder and I assumed her right hand was on his crotch. I looked on at my wife making out with this stranger and decided I should return. I walked back and found that the kissing had stopped, but the guys hand was still on my wife's ass. She now had three buttons undone on her top and her large firm breasts were almost spilling out. I stood to the side of Suzi and the guy and heard our flight being announced.
"That's our flight babe!" I smiled at Suzi, breaking up the conversation.
"It's my flight also!" The guy smiled "What seat are you guys in?" He queried.
"Seat 36A and B" Suzi smiled, enjoying the obvious innuendo attached to our seat numbers.
"What are the chances. I'm in seat 36C. I'm sitting right next to you guys!" He smiled rather pleased with himself.
"You're actually right next to me!" Suzi smiled "Jim always takes the window seat as he sleeps like a baby on flights, and I'm forever back and forward to the rest room. That's why we always sit at the back as its only one step to the toilet!" Suzi smiled
"If you need to use the ladies don't worry about disturbing me. If you have too, you can climb over me anytime you want!" He giggled.
The flight would be five hours in total, so part of me was pleased that this guy would keep Suzi entertained and I could genuinely get a good sleep.
Another part of me was thinking that Suzi could get up to a lot mischief in five hours, heavens knows she has got up to so much in an hour.
We boarded the plane and Suzi spoke to her new friend all the way down the aisle as we made our way into our seats.
I placed my hand luggage in the locker as did Suzi. I sat in my window seat and strapped in, watching Suzi ease herself in to her seat in the most provocative way. She thrust her huge breasts out, pushing her pierced nipples against the thin sheer material of her top. As she sat in her seat, she quarter turned so she was facing her new friend. He was waiting for Suzi to get comfortable before getting in to his seat. I looked out of the corner of my eye as Suzi unbuttoned four of the buttons on her skin tight top. I could almost see all of her breast through the gap in the top, it had opened so much.
This I knew was for his benefit and he was staring away at her brazen display.
She looked up at him smiling and patted the vacant seat, inviting him to sit.
He placed his hand luggage in the locker and took his place next to Suzi. Suzi placed her manicured hand on his arm as she turned to face me and said.
"Are you having a sleep honey?" smiling a crooked wicked smile.
"As soon as the safety brief is over my eyes will be closed until we land!" I assured her, but we both knew this would not be the case.
"Well I'll have a nice little chat with my new friend!" she smiled then turned to face the guy.
I looked around the flight as everyone had boarded now and saw that the flight was less than half full. Most of the passenger were at the front end of the aircraft, with just a few dotted near the back, with myself, Suzi and her new friend taking the back row to ourselves. The nearest passenger was five rows forward as the stewardess began to do the safety brief. The safety brief was concluded and the engines swung in to full power as the aircraft hurtled up the runway. The plane took off and began it's ascent. I played along and positioned myself as though about to embark in major slumber, but sensible enough to position myself in such a way that I would be able to witness any of Suzi's airborne antics.
I was wise enough to still have my dark Ray Bans covering my prying eyes. Suzi turned toward the guy and I saw her hand rest on his thigh. She squeezed his muscular thigh gently and smiled at him. The guy smiled back and leant forward to see what I was up to. He seemed comfortable enough that I was heading toward the land of nod and nodded in my direction.
"Don't worry about Jim" she whispered "He'll be in a deep sleep in a few minutes and won't wake up till we almost land!" She smiled squeezing his thigh harder and just a shade higher up toward his groin. He smiled at Suzi then saw her breasts were almost unleashed. His eyes widened with delight and almost popped out of their sockets when Suzi scooped her left breast out. He raised his right palm toward her breast. His hand was evidently shaking as he looked over at me to re-assure himself that I was indeed in deep slumber. I feigned a light snore to placate him as he placed his palm on Suzi's breast. Squeezing her large firm breast, he leant closer to Suzi and kissed her softly.
Suzi swung her left leg over his as she moaned gently in to his open mouth. Her hand had moved right over his hard cock as she squeezed his prominent erection. Her new friend broke their kiss and nodded toward the bathrooms directly behind us.
Suzi smiled and whispered.
"We'll have some fun first, then when the drinks have been served and the stewardesses retire to the front of the plane, we'll have the bathrooms all to ourselves!"
He smiled at the sense her argument made. Suzi squeezed his cock and whispered softly.
"I can't wait to feel this inside me!" Then kissed him gently, nibbling on his lips and tongue, almost eating him as he stroked her erect exposed nipple. The clanking sound of the drinks trolley could be heard approaching. Suzi placed her breast back inside her top and smiled at her new friend. The stewardess arrived just as she finished making herself decent and asked what they wanted to drink. Both of them ordered a Vodka and Diet Coke, and the stewardess kindly poured them both doubles.
They thanked the young lady as she pushed her trolley down the aisle, leaving the two lust crazed passengers to continue their sexual activities. Suzi scooped both breasts out of her top, picking the ice out of her drink, she then began to rub the ice around her erect pierced nipples. Her new friend groaned with pleasure watching my stripper slut wife fluff her nipples. He bowed his head toward her erect nipple as Suzi fed her breast in to his horny hungry mouth. He sucked on her pierced nipple causing Suzi to moan softly.
Suzi took the ice and placed it in her mouth. She smiled at her friend and unzipped his flies. She placed her hand inside his trousers as her hand touched his cock for the first time. Her eyebrows raised in obvious delight at his size and hardness. Unleashing his cock from it's bondage, she gently stroked the shaft, tapping her long nails on the solid length. She smiled at him suggestively and bent over his lap. She gripped his cock and slipped her mouth over his rampant cock. Her tongue and the ice cube tantalized his erection as he received the greatest blowjob he was ever likely to receive. Suzi took his cock from her mouth, raising her body up, her bare breasts looked magnificent as she leant in to kiss him passionately. She grazed her lips across his cheeks, moving towards his ear. Flicking her tongue inside his aural cavity, she whispered.
"Take me in the toilet and fuck my shaved pussy!"
He looked somewhat startled. He thought women like Suzi only existed in the fantasy world, but here he was about to fuck the sexiest woman he could imagine as her husband lay sleeping in the seat next to them. He climbed out of his seat and noticed the rest of the aircraft was in darkness as the remaining passengers all appeared to be sleeping. He stepped to one side to allow Suzi to vacate her seat. Her breasts were still bare and exposed, showing her magnificent pierced nipples to perfection. Her skintight leather mini skirt was clinging to the curves of her hips and firm buttocks. He held her hand and escorted her in to the toilet directly behind us. Suzi entered the small room first as he followed her inside.
Not wasting any time, Suzi eased her skirt above her hips showing her tight shaved pussy. The skirt was so tight, it looked as though she was wearing a tight sexy black leather waist cincher.
He placed his right hand on her shaved mound and eased his index finger inside her slit. Her pussy was so wet, his finger slid in effortlessly. Suzi moaned with delight as his finger rotated inside her lust crazed pussy. Instinctively she began to thrust her hips at his finger. He started to move the digit at rapid speed, causing Suzi to tremble and moan with sexual pleasure. His thumb was flattened against her clitoris as he kept up the finger blasting. Suzi moaned loudly as her orgasm surged through her. A gush of female ejaculate sprayed out of her pussy soaking his orgasmic hand. Drops and splashes were flying off his digit as he continued the onslaught.
"Yes! Yes! Yes!" Suzi almost squealed, loud enough for me to hear from my seat. He slowed his finger down and eventually stopped. Removing his cum drenched finger, he offered it Suzi's open mouth. She twirled her tongue around his digit, licking every single drop from his finger and hand. His trousers were round his ankles as his cock jutted forward.
"Sit on the toilet!" Suzi ordered as he willingly obeyed her command.
Stretching his legs forward, his erect cock proudly standing upright, Suzi opened her legs and backed toward his throbbing erection. The tip of his cock nudged inside her wet shaved slit as she slowly impaled herself on his bone hard member. Suzi moaned throatily as inch by inch of his meaty cock began to stretch and fill her tight hungry pussy. As her stretched pussylips finally brushed against the flesh of his pubic mound, Suzi began to rock her hips gently.
"Fuck me honey!" She drawled as her new friend pulled her back towards him.
His hands cupped her huge breasts as Suzi rode his cock, panting with pleasure as she slid on and off his huge cock. Suzi turned her head to kiss his mouth, as his open lips pressed against her, their tongues began slithering like snakes.
Suzi realised that she was becoming a member of the mile club and she didn't know this guys name! This thrilled her even more, knowing how much of a dirty cheating slut she was as his cock throbbed and pulsed inside her.
His right hand left her breast and smoothed its way down her soft skin, teasing her flesh with light tingling sensations.
His fingertips glided over her stomach and tickled the aroused skin of her shaved mound. His fingertips gently caressed her excited clitoris as her hips gently rocked, slowly milking his cock. He pressed harder on her clitoris as the sexually charged impulses tingled deep inside her pussy, surging a very powerful orgasm through her entire being.
She was thrashing frenziedly, riding his cock with deliberation as a spray of female ejaculate gushed from her pussy, hitting the door to the bathroom.
Suzi was enjoying the illicitness of the situation more than she realised. She loved being an exhibitionist, she loved teasing and flirting with new guys, she undoubtedly loved cock but most important of all is she really loved cheating on her loyal and loving husband. The books were balanced though as her husband enjoyed her antics almost as much as she did.
Panting heavily from the exasperating orgasm, Suzi slid up and down his greased pole slowly. She climbed off his cock altogether, and stood at the washbasin. Her tits were fully exposed and her pussy and ass were also on display. Her high heeled shoes were sprayed with her previous orgasm as she parted her legs, sticking her ass up high.
"Come on baby, fuck me up the ass!" She giggled sexily.
Her new friend shot up off the toilet seat holding his erect greasy cock at the base. Suzi placed both hands on her butt cheeks and spread her ass wide for him. His cock nudged at her sphincter as his length eased it's way inside Suzi's ass.
"Oh yeah baby! Fuck my slut ass!" She whispered encouraging her new friend.
He looked down at his hard cock sliding in and out of her tight ass, hearing her moans of pleasure echoing around the small toilet. Excitedly he began to speed up his thrusting, not believing his luck to be fucking the ass of my stripper slut wife. He kept repeating.
"Oh fuck yeah!" As Suzi gyrated her hips as he fucked her ass.`
"Finger my pussy and make me squirt like a slut!' Suzi panted as his right hand moved on to her shaved mound. Suzi held her ass cheeks wide open, knowing this little slut move would push him over the edge. His fingers spread across her labia and clitoris, as he moved the digits with great speed.
"Oh fuck! Make me squirt!" Suzi begged as he pushed his cock balls deep inside her ass. Inevitably Suzi squirted a copious amount of female ejaculate over her new friends fingers. He continued the speed as Suzi experienced a multiple orgasm. Her legs were shaking violently with the intensity of the sensational orgasm.
"Don't stop! Fuck my ass please!" She panted as her new friend began to squirt his own ejaculate deep inside her ass. He held her breasts forcibly as his seed flooded her lower bowels. Suzi turned her head to tongue kiss him in the afterglow of her shattering orgasm. Swirling their tongues around each other's, his cock began to recede and slid out of Suzi's tight cum filled ass. A trickle of his cum flopped out of her ass and landed on the floor below them. Suzi turned to face him and kissed him, gently yet passionately.
He smiled at Suzi, drinking in her shaved pussy and stupendous breasts.
"I'd really like to fuck you again sometime!" He said almost pleading his case.
"Sure honey. I'll come round to yours in one of my stripper outfits and we can fuck all you want!" Suzi smiled reaffirming that she wanted more of this cock.
"We can't go to mine as I'm married!" He confessed.
Suzi squirmed with delight at the thought that she'd just fucked someone's husband.
"You are so fucking naughty!" She smiled excited at the wickedness of the situation "You'll have to book a hotel room and fuck all my holes. I'll still wear one of my stocking outfits or leather and boots if that's what you'd like. Does that sound slutty enough for you?" She grinned as he nodded his head excitedly.
"Slip your number in to my handbag and I'll do a test call when we land!" She advised "Come on then, lets get freshened up and when you're ready to fuck me again, we'll come back in here, be unfaithful to our partners and I'll swallow your cum!"
She smiled stroking his semi erect cock. They cleaned up and left the toilet together. He hung back for a few minutes as Suzi returned to her seat. I continued with feigning sleep routine though I did have to move, to cover up the enormous erection I was sporting. He returned to his seat and Suzi eased round in her seat to face him. She lifted her top above her breasts, encouraging him to feel her naked orbs. His hands cupped her breast and I could see her large orbs moving in front of her, as her back is quite narrow, those large orbs can be seen from the rear.
He played with her breasts for almost thirty minutes, whispering secretly to Suzi during his caressing of her breasts and pierced nipples. Suzi squirmed the whole time in her seat and it was obvious she was ready to fuck again.
He nodded silently toward the toilets once more as they both rose from their seats to fuck each other senseless.
It seemed that Suzi enjoyed being a member of the mile high club!
This time he sat on the toilet and Suzi straddled him. He slipped his cock deep inside her pussy and Suzi did most of the fucking. He held her huge breasts, feasting on her pierced nipples as Suzi kissed his neck and ears, whispering to him to fuck her.
His hands cupped her buttocks and in between thrusts he fingered her ass, more so during her orgasm. He informed Suzi that he was about to come and as promised, Suzi climbed off his cock, sheathing her mouth over his throbbing length and swallowed every hot spurt of spunk that spewed from his cock. They cleaned up once more and returned to their seats.
He leant in to whisper in Suzi's ear.
"Does he not know what you get up to?" He enquired somewhat confused.
"Of course he knows! Watch this!"
Suzi slid her tight leather mini skirt above her pussy. She placed her left leg over me, her sleeping husband, and her right leg over the lap of her new friend. Her just fucked Pussy, was wide open, her new friend watching avidly. Suzi scooped her left breast out of her top, nudged me, her husband awake and said.
"Be a darling would you and suck my nipple while my new friend finger blasts my pussy!"
I smiled at Suzi, taking hold of her left breast as her new friend expertly fed two fingers inside her shaved pussy.
I began lasciviously sucking on her erect nipple as her new friend began speedily fingering her cunt. Suzi was trembling, looking down at her pussy, watching the fast fingers pleasure her almost insatiable pussy. The squelching sound was the second most erotic sound at that moment. The most erotic sound without any shadow of doubt, was the panting, whispering oral renditions, heaving from Suzi's mouth.
"Oh yes Baby, Fuck me!" Suzi repeated, as a gushing orgasm sprayed from her pussy.
Her new friend took his cum soaked fingers and fed them into her mouth, watching Suzi devour the cum from his digits. Her tongue slipped and slid between his dangling fingers, ensuring every trace of her orgasm was swallowed. Suzi lifted her head toward me and flicked her tongue out. I placed my mouth over lips and began to gently suck her tongue. Her lips locked on mine and I could taste her recent orgasm, the muskiness of his cock and the unmistakable tang of his recently deposited cum.
Suzi broke our passionate kiss, turning to her new friend she smiled.
"Don't bother with a hotel! I'll text you our address and you can come round and fuck me. Jim can help out when you start to get tired!"
The new friend looked at the pair of us in stunned belief. Suzi and I both smiled at him reassuringly.
"Oh and I will be wearing one of my stripper outfits! After all, if one is a slut, then one should dress accordingly!"