I first saw him at his window, directly across from mine, only a few feet away. I was only wearing my panties and an almost see through shirt. I closed the blinds quickly, disgusted yet slightly turned on. If he wanted something to look at then perhaps I should give him a show.
The next day, I had my brother move my bed so it faced the window. Now, late at night, I could see into the boys room. He would sit at the window seat and just stare into the darkness for hours. A few nights after I moved my bedroom around, I started my plan into motion. It was around 5 pm on a Sunday, I was home alone when I took a quick shower, making sure my body was smooth and my hair was clean. I walked out into my room completely naked, my body wet and my skin soft. I could feel his eyes on me as I walked around my room, gathering lingerie. I made sure he was looking when I dropped a lacy bra on the floor at the foot of the bed. I leaned down and grabbed it before slowly bringing myself back up. My breasts swayed as I slid onto the bed. I propped myself up on the headboard and spread my legs wide.
I slid a hand down my body to cup my breast before gliding my hand lower to gently massage my clit. I rubbed my clit lightly and pinched my right nipple. I arched my back and moaned loud enough so that he could hear. I rubbed faster and faster, bringing myself closer to the edge. I used my other hand to shove a finger deep into my wet pussy, groaning as I did so. I gradually increased my pace and moaned over and over again, my eyes fluttering as I pushed myself into an orgasm, my dripping pussy clenching down on my hand. I felt so good, but I wanted more, I wanted him inside of me. I got up and ran over to the other side of the room, my legs shaking before opening my drawer. I grabbed my biggest dildo and brought it back to the bed.
I snuck a glance towards his window to see him in his normal spot but his pants were off and he was stroking his cock. I placed the dildo upright on the bed and crawled over it, placing the head at my entrance. I turned to face the window and slowly pushed my pussy onto the large, fake dick. I opened my mouth and my eyes fluttered closed in surprise as I was penetrated deeply. I let myself adjust for a minute before starting to slide up and down along the cock. I could feel my tits bouncing as I increased my speed and I opened my eyes and stared directly into his. His eyes went wide for a second before he increased his speed as well, stroking his dick faster and faster. I threw my head back and moaned, my hands pinching and pulling at my nipples. I felt myself cum and my mouth popped open in ecstasy.
When I opened my eyes back up, I walked over to the window and made sure he was watching before making a "come here" motion with my finger. He stood up and I watched him pull on a pair of shorts before he disappeared from view. I slowly walked down to the front door and opened it just as it rang. I pulled him in and shut the door, before leaning against the wall, kissing him and guiding his hands to my waist. I could feel his dick growing against my thigh. I moaned into his mouth before he leaned down and started nipping at my neck. His hands started exploring my body, first rolling my nipples in between his fingers and then stroking my ass and thighs. He brought a tit up to his mouth and kissed the nipple before lightly biting it, repeating the same thing on the other breast. I stopped him for a minute to strip him of his shirt before he continued down my body, getting on his knees to caress the inside of my thighs. He lifted my leg and placed it on his shoulder, gaining access to my dripping folds. He licked from my hole up to my clit, licking and sucking on my pleasure button as I bucked and moaned loudly, gripping his hair tightly. "I'm cumming!" I wailed and screamed as he continued to lick, gliding a finger into my hole. I continued to breathe heavily as he stood up and kissed me.
I could taste myself on his tongue. "I still don't know your name," I said as I ran my fingers up and down his muscular chest.
"Adam," he said and nipped at my ear.
"I'm Kitty," I said and grabbed his wrist, leading him upstairs.