This is one of the situations that happened to my wife and I while we were engaged. As I was training her to be a slut for me. I teach my subs that I am their Dom, and that they are my subs for the pleasure of me as well as those I chose to let use her for my pleasure. She must know that her orgasm is a gift that I allow her to experience when I tell her that she can, she must hold back until I let her know she can cum. This information can be given ahead of time for her to know. This is something I have done in the past, but it happens at a time and a point in our relationship and training, where we both know where we stand with each other and together.
My slave's standard wardrobe is a nice blouse with buttons down the front, a skirt just above the knee or higher, high heels, garters, and stockings no underwear and a very nicely trimmed pussy. The reason for the particular wardrobe is simple. The blouse with buttons allows for her to expose or allows me easy access to her breasts when needed; the bra is an option depending on the situations. The skirt and no underwear is so that her pussy is accessible at any time I want to see, touch, or taste it, or to allow anyone, I give permission to, accesses in the same way.
It was Friday early evening, sometime after dinner during the summer, the slaves name was Kathy, an office manager for a local doctor's specialists group. The standard wardrobe was something she wore on a daily basis to work. So we had a nice dinner of burgers on the grill and we talked about the evening ahead of us. As we talked I smiled and because of that, she knew something was up for the evening. We were at an early stage in our relationship and training. We fantasized during sex, things I wanted her to do for me and what she was to do with her body for me, as well as herself; what her purpose in life was for. Up till this point it had all been talk.
I told her to shower and dress for an evening of exploration. We headed off to a movie at our local theater where, as we watched the movie I placed my hand on her leg which she knew meant to open her legs for me so that I could play with her pussy. I slid my hand up her leg and played her with her already wet pussy. I gently stroked her clit till I saw that she was being aroused by my touched, I stopped and removed my hand. I did this to her about every 15 - 20 minutes while we watched the movie which I think neither of actually watched. After the movie she was so turned on that in the car she had her hand on my cock asking me if she could please my cock with her mouth. I told her that she could only use her hands she took my cock out of my pants and slowly stroked my cock. I knew there was a long night ahead; she thought we were headed home for some hot sex. She was surprised when I jumped on the expressway, that would take us to one of our favorite adult video store. It took Kathy a moment, but she quickly caught on to where we were going.
Kathy and I have been to this store before looking at movies, while I would feel her up with other men walking around. When I took Kathy to places like this it was all about training her in these situations. I did this so that she would learn that when I wanted her pussy, she had to open her legs shoulder width apart and allow me to touch her pussy as I wanted, for as long as I wanted in front of any possible audience around us. She was to learn to be turned on by the situation she was in, the possibility of being seen by others, as I was using her pussy. I knew that tonight, I was going to push her limits of what she has experienced before. In the car I played with her pussy and I asked her whose pussy this was and she answered in a breathy voice that it belonged to me, her master and that it was mine to use in any way I wanted. I asked if any man could use it, she answered "Only if you give me permission to let someone use it." These were questions I had asked her over and over during our normal sex, bringing her to orgasm each time at certain points in our conversation so she would learn to be turned on, and her body would react to those situations in a positive, aroused way that would turn her on even more over time.
We entered the book store and walked around; I had learned from our previous visits that there were certain blind spots in the store where the video cameras could not see. We strolled around for a few minutes giving me a few moments to feel out the men in the store. In the section where we were, there were only 2 men looking at video cases. I took her over to a corner out of sight of the cameras and placed my hand on her leg and her legs spread from my touch. I slid my hand up to her pussy and it was soaking wet, and I knew she was so turned on at this time that she was ready to move on to the next step. As I rubbed her clit I whispered in her ear "Go over to that man and ask if he would like to touch your pussy, allow him to play with it, do nothing to him, do not go anywhere with him, just allow him to play with your pussy till I give you a signal to stop. Do not cum, no matter how much you want to, do not cum." I asked do you understand she nodded her head with approval. Her breath was fast and heavy her lips were parted and I knew she was ready to be given away.
She had always worried that I would be angry if she let another man have her in anyway, that was the way society had raised her and that was a barrier I needed to break for her to get past. She slowly walked over to the man I had pointed out and was looking at the video cases by him for a little bit then reached across in front of him to grab a case and excused herself to him as she picked it up. He nodded his head, I could tell he was caught off guard by her actions; she then leaned in front of him again to put the case back.
As she did this she looked him dead in the face and asked him.
"Would you like to feel my pussy it is very wet right now?" he smiled at her and looked around to see if anyone was watching.
"Are you serious?" he asked.
"Yes," she answered back, as she opened her legs. She touched his foot with hers, which made him look down to see what was going on and he saw that her legs were opening for him. I could see he was hesitant, and she could see he was reluctant also, so she reached under her skirt and pulled her hand back out and her two fingers soaking wet, I could see that from where I was standing.
She held out her fingers to show him. "See how wet I am? Please touch my pussy? it needs you to touch it." He looked around again and then he slid his hand up under her skirt and as he did, it lifted the edge and I could see the tops of her stockings and the suspenders which made her look so sexy.
I watched her face and by the relief I saw spread across it I could tell exactly when his hand touched her pussy. I could see she was getting so very turned on by the whole situation. I watched as he must have been looking for the right spot on her clit and inside her pussy to push her over the edge, I could see her fighting the urge to cum, which made me happy as I could see her trying very hard to obey my words. I saw him lean into her and say something to her; I found out later that he was asking her to go outside to his car so she could suck him. She was so turned on she couldn't answer him verbally but nodded her head no, I could see all of this from where I was standing. I wanted to see more of her face and his hand up her leg so I moved casually to get into a better position. I heard Kathy make a noise. I knew it was becoming harder and harder to hold back the orgasm building up in her pussy. As I looked down at his arm under her skirt I could see by its movement when he was thrusting his fingers in her pussy or when he was rubbing her clit, and then I saw it, her pussy was dripping down the inside of her leg to her stockings. I knew she was now so wet probably wetter than she has ever been.
The other man in the area looked over at them after Kathy made the noise and watched them both. This whole process went on for several minutes before she looked over at me. I could see in her eyes how aroused she was, her breathing was just like when we were having sex and she is so turned on. Her eyes were looking at me for some sign as what to do. As a master I knew this was good despite how bad she wanted to cum she was waiting for me to give her some signal so she could. I gave no such sign to her I just smiled at her as I watched. She was now having a problem standing she leaned forward to grabbed the man's shoulders to hold herself up. He leaned forward again and her asked her the same as he did before and added would she stoke his cock. He had pulled out his cock out through his zipper and stroked his hard cock in front of her. She again gave the same negative reply to him and looked at me. I gave her a head signal for her to come back to me. She gently pushed his hand out from under her skirt thanked him for touching her pussy and walked towards me.
When she got to me, Kathy must have been feeling very much a slave, as she stood close to my side in a submissive way as to reassure her sworn obedience was not in question. That was nice to see from her, I knew that already after what had just happened, and how she obeyed my orders to the tee, I knew she was my slave. I touched her leg with my hand and they opened for me as I have trained her. I slid my hand up to find Kathy wetter than I have ever seen her. Her whole crotch was wet and there were streaks of wetness down the inside of her legs. I played with her pussy and she began to beg me to cum.
"Master may I cum? Please master let me cum for you? Please master let me show you how I serve you, I will cum for you? Please master." She said this over and over begging me, I continued to say nothing.
The man that she had been with was now walking over to toward us, standing behind one of those wire video racks which were between us. I walked to the rack as Kathy begged me to cum, my hand in her pussy leading her as if it were a leash attached to her. The man was right across from us and she stood there in full view of him as I played with her pussy taking her close to the edge and then pulling her back from the edge. The man could hear her begging me as her master. He then asked me if he could take her out to his car and have her bring him off.
"Thank you for the offer but my slave is not ready for that. She still has much to learn about serving her master, I looked over at her and said. "Doesn't she?"
She answered as I had hoped in her total slave way. "Yes master, I only do as you wish me to do."
The man seemed to be a bit upset by my answer, I said to him "Thank you for your help. Maybe you will be lucky some other time we come back and do something like this again." The man walked away, I could tell he was a bit frustrated after what had just happened.
I had stopped playing with Kathy's pussy, there was a second man that was just standing there watching all this happen, he had walked a little closer to us and was able to listen to our conversations with each other and the first man.
I said to Kathy "Go ask him if he would like to touch your pussy."
She replied "Yes master," and walked straight over in front of the man and looked him the face and asked "Would like to feel my pussy?" she asked him as she spread her legs. He did not hesitate after what he had just witnessed. I love watching her face in ecstasy and I watched again as his hand touched her pussy. And her reaction was one of total submission to his hand. I moved closer so that I could watch his arm and know what he was doing to her pussy and be able to see the reaction on her face. In a few moments I could hear the wetness of her pussy as he fingered her. Her face was in such a turned on state her eyes were glazed over, her mouth slightly open and her breathing was fast and her body language was one of total submission to the man and what he was doing to her. I was worried that she was so far gone that she was not going to obey my words of not cumming. The first man had taken a position where he could watch and I saw that he had his cock out in his hand and was stroking himself.
The second man with his hand in her asked if he could fuck her in his car, she looked at me asking with her eyes, What is the answer? she looked at him and said "My master has told me that I can only let you play with my pussy," she started "and I am his slave. I do as he tells me; I obey his words only."
The second man looked at me and said "I will give you $50 dollars if you let me fuck her?"
I said "Sorry no."
His reply was "What about she just blows me or a hand job please?"
"No, this is just fine. Enjoy her pussy while you can." I could see on Kathy's face total submission to both of us.
She didn't even react to his offer of money. I would have never allowed anyone to pay for her pussy; she would have to give it freely as my slave and I was not sure either of us was ready for that. All this time, she was getting close, the guy was getting turned on, I could see the bulge in his pants. Kathy gave me a nod toward the 1st man, she had just noticed him jacking off, this had turned her on even more. The man playing with her clit said "I can't take it anymore," and proceeded to take his cock out and trying to stroke her pussy and his cock at the same time.
I said to Kathy, "Lift your skirt so he can watch as you play with your pussy." She did as I said without a thought of who may see her or was watching her. She lifted her skirt, to see her legs in those black stocking and the garters was such a turn on for me. I myself was having a hard time holding back; as a master I must keep control of the situation so my slave is protected. She would service me willing when we got home.
We all suddenly heard the first guy start to grunt, Kathy just stared at his cock as the cum was shooting out onto the floor. That sight brought her closer as she rubbed her pussy and fingered herself in front us. The man now had his hands soaking wet from Kathy's pussy and he was stroking her slick wetness onto his cock. He would reach over to her pussy to wet his fingers with her juices and then brought that back to his cock. The second man put his cock away and slowly faded back to the video racks, keeping his eye on us. Kathy now just stared at the cock in front of her, as the man stroked his cock. She began to talk to him.
"Do you like my pussy?" "Do you like the way I shave it?" "That is the way my master likes me to present my pussy." "It has to be ready for whatever master wants me to do." "You should thank my master for letting me serve you with my pussy." "Did you like playing with my pussy?" "I liked that master let you play with my pussy."
The guy just kept saying "Yes" to her and he said thank you to me.
I could tell he was getting close and I looked at Kathy and told her "You have to cum when he cums."
"Yes master," all this brought him closer and he said I am going to cum, Kathy began to rub her clit faster and faster and began to ask him "Please cum, I have to cum with you, please cum, tell me when you are cumming."
The second man said "I'm cumming," Kathy watched his cock as if her life depended on it. Then the man kind of grunted a noise and his cum started to shoot out of his cock, at that moment Kathy let go of the orgasm that had been building up in her for so long. Her hips bucking as the orgasm passed through her body, her eyes were half closed as she stared at his cock and the cum shooting out.
I looked at Kathy and said "Only once dear," with caution in my voice. She knew what that meant she could only cum once. I watched both of them cum, I was proud of Kathy and her obedience to me I hoped she was understanding my role as master and how special this event between us was.
The second man shoved his cock back in his pants and made straight for the door. Kathy pulled her hand away from her pussy, reluctantly she was ready to cum again, as the man walked away I leaned into kiss her passionately on the lips and said "That was beautiful to watch."
"It was hard to hold back the orgasm," Kathy stated, as she stood there legs weak and still shaking from her orgasm not even concerned that her skirt was hiked up to her waist and that she was totally exposed to anyone that may walk into this side of the store. I looked down at her legs and there were two globs of the man's cum on her stockings slowly dripping down her leg. I reached down and wiped it up with my finger and placed it in on my tongue and Kathy leaned toward me and we kissed again sharing the man's cum between us.
I pulled back and looked into her eyes and said "I love you," she replied with the same response. I told her to straighten herself up because we had to go home and she needed to serve her master after putting on such an erotic show for me. She smiled and let a little laugh out. We walked out of the store and got in the car. As she sat in the car she suddenly without being told laid her head down on my hard cock through my pants.
"Is master pleased with his slave?"
"Very pleased," she laid there with her head against my cock as I stroked her hair all the way home.
We had a great time at home.
This is a great start to this story it just needs a little more work. The start of the relationship no one ever talks about that, especially when it comes to a Dom/sub relationship. So for you to describe how you train your subs would be a very nice. The bit in the adult store was a nice touch, asking her to have those men play with her was good. I noticed that you left out details about what Kathy looks like, is that intentional or did you just forget?
In the beginning when you were on the date, was Kathy your girlfriend or your wife? That was not quite clear to me.
When you are writing a story you have to break up the dialogue between characters, in order for the readers to distinguish who said what. It can be quite confusing. Each dialogue needs to be a separate sentence. Unless, there is one person speaking and there are a few lines of narration.
When making the character speak, the punctuation marks have to be inside of the closing quotation mark. Never on the outside.
I feel like this could be a series, of stories about you and Kathy. I think that there is so much more you could have added, to this story, at least in the beginning.