Chapter 1
"Babe, can I have a blow job?"
You glance around looking to see if there are any other cars on the road. You glance back at me and bite your lower lip. Your head stays stationary as you glance down swiftly at the growing bulge in my pants. I set the cruise control exactly at the speed limit and hold the wheel with my knee.
My fingers fumble with my belt from the growing anticipation and the hardening member in my pants fighting for release. I undo my button and quickly lower my zipper. I place my left hand on the wheel and lift off the seat enough to lower my pants almost down to my knees.
You reach over and wrap your hands around the base of my fully erect cock. You slide your hand up and down resting with just the head sticking out from your hand. You slide your thumb gently over my head and spread the collecting pre-cum around making my head shiny in the light of the sun. You lean forward and your tongue slides out of your mouth approaching my head.
***********
It has been so long since we've been able to just get away for some us time. The kids' all safe and just the two of us driving toward San Diego; away from everything to spend a few nights in a hotel and just enjoy ourselves.
The sun is bright and the air is warm. I glance at you, amazed at how lucky I am to have you in the seat next to me. You sit there in your cream colored dress. I look over and you glance back at me.
"Just for you."
You reach behind you and unclasp your bra and pull it from your dress and toss it into the back. I can see your nipples hard beneath your dress.
I reach over and gently caress your breast through your dress. You eyes close for a second before you smack my hand away playfully.
"What was that for."
You answer, "Do you think just cause I take off my underwear you can get all touchy?"
Obviously it is exactly what I think.
Then a thought enters my mind and I wonder aloud.
"Underwear?"
As I reach to your thigh.
"Guess you'll just have to wait and see."
We drive down the highway making idle chitchat. You continuously remove my hand from your breast. Never truly meaning it, but enjoying the playing we are doing.
After 20 min on the road I glance in the rearview mirror. There are cars behind us, but none gaining. In front the cars continue to pull away or remain the same distance. We are not approaching any of them as well.
***********
I think back to earlier in the afternoon. I was in the room gathering the last few items we needed before hitting the road. You walk up behind me and place your arms around my waist hugging me from behind.
You hand gently slides down my stomach and stops when you feel my cock beneath your hand. You start to massage. My head goes back and I inhale sharply at your touch.
"Once we get to San Diego, I'm all yours. For these few days I will be your willing slave. Do me, spank me, or make me. "
And with a hint of laughter in your voice, "No holes barred."
You let me go and walk away. I stand motionless. My cock is at full attention. I have to wait for it to subside before I can grab our bags and walk out the room. It seems to be taking forever to go down. I adjust myself and tuck my cock between my body and my underwear. I turn, take a deep breath and walk out the door. There you are waiting for me.
***********
I come back to us in the car. We are not in San Diego yet. But just as I think it, we pass the sign.
"Now in San Diego... county."
You look at me smiling, knowing exactly what I am hinting at. But you say nothing and continue to sit there quietly; A sly smile on your lips.
I decide to just go for it.
I look your way, "Babe, can I have a blow job?"
Chapter 2
I inhale deeply as your tongue swirls around my head. Your lips close on it as you savor the taste of my pre-cum. It is slightly thicker then water. It taste slightly sweet with and undertone of saltiness. You enjoy the taste and savor the moment.
I feel your mouth slowly descend upon my cock. Inch by inch until your nose rest against my pubic bone. I check my mirrors and quickly pull into the rest stop.
My hand rests gently on your head as you continue to move up and down.
"Oh god!"
Your head twist as you move up and down. Your tongue massages the underside of my cock. I pull forward into an open spot. I placed the vehicle in part and continued to enjoy the sensations shooting through my body.
Soft moans and deep breathes leaving my mouth. My hand keeps tightening and loosening in your hair.
Suddenly and without warning your mouth is filled with cum. You savor the fruits of your labor. The warmth and thickness of my cum as it shoots over your tongue and slides down your throat.
My legs straighten, my toes curl and pop, and I let our one last moan. You continue to gently pump my shaft. Lightly suck and lick my head knowing it may be sensitive but not wanting to leave a single drop behind.
*********
We are all checked in and walking towards the elevator.
"Did you see the way he looked at you?"
You look at me slightly puzzled.
I reach out and pinch your nipple through your dress.
"He couldn't stop looking. I'm sure he was very happy for the high counter."
You smile realizing what I meant.
As we step into the elevator I drop our bags and push you forward until your chest rest against the wall. You want to fight but you are suddenly drawn back to your gift.
"Vie, don't move."
I reach down all the way to your ankle and gently place my fingertips. Inch by inch I teasingly move up, past your calf. Gently my fingers pass on the inside of your knee. I move them up your soft thighs into your wanting pussy. Immediately I can feel the wetness on my fingers. I smile with my newfound discovery, no underwear.
I let your dress fall into place.
"Turn around."
You turn as the elevator comes to our floor.
I stand at the door and place my hand out suggesting you go first.
"After you love."
We walk to our room and I open the door and follow you in.
Immediately to our left we have a small kitchenette. In front a living room set up with couch and TV. We both head to the door on the right were our king size bed is waiting to be used.
I walk over to the bed and lift my bag up.
"Take off your dress."
I look at the clock and realize leaving late and the stop at the rest stop has caused us to arrive later than originally anticipated. It is close to 8 and we still have so much fun to have.
I shuffle through my bag and remove a few items.
"I have something else for you to wear."
I hand you a short black skirt and white shirt.
"Put these on."
As you slide the skirt up your legs you ask a questions.
"Don't you think this is a little much to be hanging around in the room?"
You button the skirt and can feel that your ass is just covered. Any bending, squatting, and possibly just walking fast enough will move it enough to expose the bottom of your cheeks. You pull the shirt over your head.
"Who say's we are staying in the room."
You ask very hesitantly and nervous to hear the answer, "Where are we going?"
"Dancing."
You smile and laugh with excitement. Suddenly your face changes as you realize dancing will expose you to everyone near by.
I smile at you and extend my hand.
"Let's go."
Chapter 3
The drive was quick as we pulled into the club parking lot. There was little light around the area. You breathed a sigh of relief as you realized you could make it to the club with little interaction or people seeing you. I turn the car off and step out. You look into the side mirror and see me approach from behind the vehicle. You feel your heart beat faster in your chest. You feel your lip begin to moisten with anticipation. The door opens and I extend my hand to you.
You reach for it, resting your hand in my palm. You move one leg out and feel the breeze. The air moves over your foot, upper your leg, and sends chills down your spine as you feel it move across the moistness between your legs.
You are standing next to me, fingers laced between mine as we head for the door. There is no line, no loud music emanating into the air, no bouncer standing at the door. We stop in front and I ring the bell near the door. Like a scene from a move with a fortified bar, a small window opens in the door. I reach into my pocket and pull out a small piece of paper and hand it through the door. It disappears and the window slams shut.
"What's going on? Where are we?"
"Be patient Love. All in good time."
The door opens and we are let into a dark hallway. At the end is a red door; a door that you would find outside of a nice family home. Not inside a club. But you're thinking, "Am I in a club? Where did he bring me?"
As we get closer you can hear music faintly. Your excitement grows as you realize there just may be dancing after all. We stop at the door and I look your way. You turn to meet my gaze.
"Are you ready for some fun?"
*************
You lips move, but there is no sound. I think I read yes. So I proceed. I reach for the handle and open the door slowly. We are meet with the smell of food and alcohol as well as loud music. However, the music is loud enough to give the club feeling, but low enough to still manage a conversation without yelling into your partner's ears.
Just past the door there is a walkway that leads to a bar. Approximately 20 stools surround the bar. There is an opening in the stools which is used my visitors to order there drinks. On each side of the walk way there are tables. Most of them are filled with drinks, coats, and purses. On the other side of the left tables is the dance floor. There are people moving over it. No more than 50 or 60. Behind the dance floor couples mingle around the pool tables, drinking and laughing. I lead you to the bar and order for us both. One corona with lime and a long island ice tea.
We find two empty stools next to each other and have a seat. You notice the coolness of the material as you sit. With your skirt being so short it was impossible to sit on material.
We sit facing each other. You can see the dance floor and half the tables. You look and notice how everyone is comfortable leaving out personal belongs, drinks, and food.
"This is not your typical bar. It's a 'lifestyle' bar where liked minded couples can come and meet without all the craziness of a typical bar. What makes this one special and the reason I chose it, no sex on premises. So we do not have to be shocked walking around a corner, fearful of our drinks being spiked, or worried about things going missing. They have camera everywhere and there is a background check to get in. This has allowed it to be kept nice and still have a low entrance fee. Once you finish your first drink, we can go enjoy a dance."
Excited to get on the floor you drink it faster than I expected. You up at me and smile.
I stand a reach my hand out to you. You take it in yours and slide off the stool. As soon as you stand you feel a small rush. The effects of the alcohol are quick. I hold you close.
"Maybe with the next one we take it a bit slower."
You smile up at me.
"Yes, Sir."
************
We approach the dance floor and move somewhere in the middle.
The music is changed to something with a slower beat.
I spin you around and pull you into me.
"How did I ever get so lucky?"
Your ass is pressed into my growing member. You gyrate against me and I to you. We dance slowly. I slide my hands around your waist and rest them right above your pubic bone. The tips of my fingers rest inches above your throbbing clit. My right hand stays and my left moves up your abdomen and stops atop your breast.
I pinch your nipple through your shirt. I feel you tense under my finger as a new wave of feelings moves through your body. Your breath quickens as we continue to slow dance. Once again I spin you.
I pull you quickly into my arms and press my lips into yours. Our tongues dance with each other as we lose sense of everything around us.
Suddenly we are pulled back into reality as the music picks up quickly. You pull away and begin to dance faster. Your eyes locked on mine. Your breasts bouncing amazingly with each move. Your skirt is clearly showing your ass to anyone who may be standing behind you.
After a few songs we walk off the dance floor laughing at how much fun we've had. We return to our stools. The material continues to feel cool on your ass. You're hot and your heart is still beating hard in your chest. I order you another drink and myself a soda since I still have to drive us home.
As you take a sip I rest my hand on your inner thigh and slide up your skirt. My finger feels the dampness before I even reach your lips. Amazing how you get so wet. I gently part your lips and lean in to kiss your neck as my fingertip makes contact with you clit. Your eyes close. Your breath stops. Your body betrays you as you let out a soft moan.
"When you're done we can move back to the dance floor. No need to chug it. Take your time and relax."
I lean back to take a drink of my soda. A man approaches the two of us. He looks to be about 5'8-9, a little shorter then me. Maybe 170-80.
He looks at me and asks, "Can I take her for a dance?"
I look at you.
"Do you want to dance?"
Chapter 4
He extends his hand to you. You look at me and reach out for it. He guides you to the floor. He tries to pull you deeper into crowd but you adamantly stand at the edge.
"If you want to dance with me it's going to happen right here in full view of my husband."
The music is quick. No need to rub against each other. But the way he continues to move toward you I can tell he wants to feel all the same things I was.
You nipples are hard beneath your shirt. I can tell from where I sit 15 feet away. Your arousal must be skyrocketing knowing my eyes are on you. After three songs the music turns slow.
"Thanks for the dances."
"How about one slow one? I'll keep my hands where they belong."
You look in my direction. I simply nod at you. You reach up and put your hands around his neck, he rest his hands on your hips. I chuckle to myself as you look like two middle schoolers who were just separated by a teacher. The music comes to an end and you pull away before he can ask for anything more.
You walk toward me, your hips moving back and forth. The bottom of your skirt bounces with each step. I lean down just a little hoping to catch a glimpse of your lips. But I have no luck.
"Did you have fun?"
"Only if you enjoyed watching."
I move off the stool and stand in front of you. I pull you close to me. I wrap my hands around your waist. I move one to your face and pull you in for a deep kiss. My hand lowers from your waist to your ass. I grab it tightly as I press my tongue into your mouth. We continue to kiss as I throw caution to the wind. My hand moves to the center of you ass. I press my finger against your hole. I feel you tense as I push in just to the first knuckle. I feel you moan into my mouth.
I pull my finger out and take your hand and lead you back to the floor. We continue to dance. We continue to grind against each other. My cock continues to throb in my pants. Your juices flow more than you would have thought. You can feel the dampness between your thighs.
I reach between your legs staying away from your lips. Just having me so close teases you and has you trying to grind down on my hand. All I do is take some of your wetness from your legs and bring my fingers to my lips. You taste amazing, a little sweet with awesomeness.
"Ready to go, Love?"
You look at me with a longing to stay.
"It's time to go."
"Yes, Sir."
As we walk out the door I put my hand on your ass as we walk. I massage it gently. My fingers rotate in circles. I walk you around to the passenger side of the car. I open the door for you and you raise a leg to step in.
I quickly plunge two fingers deep into your pussy. No gentleness, no massaging, just straight in. You body tightens. You let out a loud moan as I "walk" my fingers deep within you. You grab onto my shoulders. Your nails dig deep. But I remain constant in my need to feel your pussy tighten around my fingers, your body quiver against mine, your breath quickens, and your voice echoes in my ear with moans of pleasure.
"Oh god, I'm cumming. Uhhh, Uhhh, Ahhhh!"
I feel your pussy tighten. My fingers press deep into. My hand feels with the flow of juice from between your legs. You collapse onto the seat. I help you raise your other leg in. I close the door and walk around. Tasting you as I go. I step into the car.
"Are you ready for the next step?"
"Mmmm," is all you manage to get out.
I take it as a yes and pull out of the spot and head back toward the hotel.
Chapter 5
We arrive at the hotel. Your breath is still a little labored. Your eyes closed as you relax in the seat. I pull into the parking garage and find a dark spot in the back. I back in. There is a wall on your side of the car and a row of cars on mine. I turn the car off and exit the car. I walk around back and open your door. You open your eyes and smile at me.
"Ready to head up stairs?"
You twist in your seat. Your legs face me as you start to slide forward. You part your legs to move get out without kicking me. I grab ahold of your legs and spread them wide forcing you to lean back against the armrest.
"Victor what are you doing?"
With my head bury between your legs I bite hard into your thigh."
"Ow."
I pin your legs down and open. I stand and pull myself between you.
I look down at you, your nipples hard beneath your top, your hair a little messy from all the dancing, your skirt lifted exposing your trimmed and moist pussy, and your eyes questioning the moment.
"What did you call me?"
You cast your eyes down realizing what you have done.
"I'm sorry Sir. It will not happen again."
I lower myself back between your legs and softly kiss your thigh where I bit you.
I glide my tongue along your inner thigh.
You inhale and hold your breath feeling me inches from your outer lips. Just as you think my tongue is going to make contact I move upwards tracing a thin line around your lips. I stop just above your clit and kiss your hood making sure to avoid your clit directly. I continue my path down the other side.
"To bad you stepped out of line. You may have gotten more."
"Please, Sir. I need ..."
I wrap my lips around your clit and suck in deep.
"Oh god."
I flick my tongue quickly across your clit.
Moving my tongue down and plunge it deeply into your wanting pussy.
I push in as deep as I can to savor your sweet flavor. You hand grabs at the hair in the back of my head to pull me deeper. I reach up and take your breast in my hand. I massage it before focusing all on your nipple and clit.
You legs close tightly around my head.
You juices flowing from deep within you.
I pull back for air as your orgasm subsides.
I grab your hand and pull you from the car and to your feet. You collapse onto me, wobbly from the orgasm.
"Thank you Sir."
I hold you close as I guide you toward the entrance of the hotel. We enter and I can see the looks from the guest and workers. Curious what they are looking for I realize as I see our reflection in the lobby mirror.
Your hair is everywhere, your nipples visibly hard, and your thighs glistening in the light from your wetness.
I laugh to myself as I lead you into the elevator and into the room.
I lead you to the bed and lie you down. I crawl up next to you and press my tongue into your mouth. Time stands still as we lose each other in our kiss. What feels like mere moments turns into 15 minutes. I pull away leaving you resting on the bed.
I walk into the restroom and start the water.
"Let's get you into a nice warm bath."
Chapter 6
The water is nice and hot. It is bubbling up with bubble bath and salt. You step into the water and lower yourself gently. The hot water slightly burning your butt as you sit. You slide into it completely immersing your body leaving only your head sticking out. I bring in your phone and connect it to an external speaker. I find a soft music station on Spotify and hit play.
I leave the restroom and let you rest. I have lots of work to do to prepare for you getting out.
I walk back into the restroom and dip my hand into the water. You are sleeping and the water is starting to feel cold. I reach over and pull the plug letting the water start to drain. You stir in the water and look up at me. You smile a sleepy smile.
I reach my hand out to you. You slide your wet hand into mine. I carefully pull you to your feet.
You wake a little more as you realize I'm naked. Your smile grows bigger. Seeing you standing there dripping wet with beads of water rolling off your breast, my cock begins to grow. I step into tub with you and close the curtain.
"Turn around and place your hands against the wall. Spread your legs."
"Yes Sir."
I turn around and turn the water on. The first blast hits my chest like bunch of needles it's so cold. But I manage to keep the water from hitting you and ruining your bath. I turn back around and look you up and down. Your ass still wet from the bath.
"Turn around. Come here."
You face me with small look confusion on your face. I had you turn with no specific reason other than to confuse you. I smile at you. I reach my hands out to you and you place yours in mine. I pull you to me and kiss you deeply. The water cascades over us. I turn you toward the sidewall and push against it. I pin your arms above your head.
I grab the loofa and pour on the soap. I start from the bottom and start working the loofa up your legs. Massaging deeply as I go. I stop to circle the loofa around your cheeks and the slide it between them. From behind I take my hand between your legs and gently wash your pussy. I can hear low moans coming from above me.
I move up your back and stop to pay extra attention, 5 min deep rub. I move from your lower back to your shoulders and everywhere in between.
I reach around the front and you feel me press my hard and throbbing cock into the center of your ass. I massage your stomach and move up to your breast. I rub them softly and play with your nipples. Your moans get deeper as I push up between your butt.
My cock penetrates your tight ass.
"Please Sir, give it to me."
You feel my head move into you. A sigh of relief escapes your lips from the tension. I pull down on your nipples as I drive my cock deep into. You feel my hips rest against you.
"Uhhh. You feel so amazing."
I withdrawal from you leaving just my head in, and push back into you slowly.
Again and again you feel me moving in and out.
I pull one hand back and reach up for your hair and pull your head back forcefully.
I drive my cock in and out, faster, harder, making you scream with excitement into the shower wall.
"Oh god, I'm... I'm... I'm cumming."
You feel me erupt deep in your ass. Pressing in as deep as I can.
My cock pulses.
I feel the last bit of cum leave my cock and slowly withdrawal from you.
I turn you and kiss you deeply again.
*************
I wrap the towel around your waist and hold you tightly. We stand there in the bathroom looking at each other in the mirror. We look good with our arms wrapped around each other. Your hair pulled up in clip and both of us wrapped in a towel from the waist down. You breast are exposed but currently hidden against my chest.
We walk out into the bedroom of the hotel and feel the coolness brush our skin.
"Are you hungry?"
"Yes Sir."
"Anything you would like to eat. It's pretty late. Nothing delivers right now except pizza. I think there are a few fast food places down the street."
"Can you just order a pizza Sir? I don't want you to leave."
***************
"Pizza is on its way Love."
You are sitting on the bed, still in just a towel. I walk toward your purse to grab some cash. I stop in front of you and just watch your body, the rise and fall of your chest as you breath. The way you have a strand of hairs falling from the bunch in front of your face. The way you move it behind your ear. The way your lips part as you lick your lips.
How I can just stand here and stare without a thought.
"Who knows how long it will be. You should grab the money Sir."
I come back to reality and continue to walk the rest of the way toward your purse.
Knock Knock Knock
How much time has passed?
I look at you and our eyes meet. We are both here in towels.
I walk over and look into peephole. I chuckle a little to myself. I open door and your breath catches in your throat as you realize you'll be in full view.
I don't open the door fully and you can tell we are having a conversation but can't make out the words.
I close the door.
"Sir?"
"Wrong room. It was room service for someone else. Plenty of time to change."
You sit there as I walk towards our bags. You go to stand.
"What shall I put on, Sir?"
"You stay sitting right there. I like you just the way you are."
I put on an undershirt and basketball shorts. You can see the outline of the flaccid cock through my shorts. You smile to yourself enjoying the view as I walk past. I sit by your side and kiss your shoulders.
"I hope you're enjoying yourself. We have a little more time before we should head to bed. It's getting late."
Knock, Knock, Knock...
Chapter 7
I walk over to open the door.
"Sir?"
I turn toward you. Your hands are covering your breast.
"Relax. You look amazing. Whoever is on the other side of that door is going to be lucky to get a view of you."
I open the door.
"How's it going? That's I'll be seven..."
I can tell he is looking past me. His eyes are glued to you as you sit there pretending to watch TV, your breast exposed and your nipples hard.
"Excuse, how much?"
"Um, it's, um, seventeen thirty two."
"Here's a twenty. Go ahead and keep the change. Can I have my pizza now?"
He absente mindedly hands me the pizza and the two-liter. I can see his head moving with the door as he tried to steal as long a glance as he can. Just as the door closes you make eye contact and smile at him.
***************
"So how was your pizza?"
"It was really good Sir. Thank you. I didn't realize just how hungry I was."
I smile as I look down at your still exposed breast.
"Will you join me on the bed Mrs. Rodriguez?"
You stand and let your towel fall.
"I'd be happy to Sir."
We walk over to the bed and both sit down. I raise my hand to your face and gently caress it. I move it stopping inches from your lips. You can feel my nose lightly brushing yours I am so close.
"You are amazing. I Love you so much I can't even begin to explain. Every day that I am with you is the best day of my life. You are a loving and respectful wife. You make me feel like there is nothing that can ever bring me down."
I reach up and wipe the single tear that has fallen from your eye. I gently kiss your lips.
"Each and everyday that I wake up, you are the first thing on my mind. Every night before I go to bed, you are the last thing on my mind. On the nights I actually remember my dreams they are of you. I would not trade this life for any other. You complete me."
A small laugh escapes your lips at the joking way I tell you I am nothing with out you.
I pull you in tight. Our lips meet and our tongues start to dance with each other as our passion flows through us. I lean you back onto the bed and lay down on top. Your legs wrap around my waist as we continue to share a passionate kiss.
You can feel my hard cock brushing against your lips and clit. As we kiss you can't fight back the feeling and reach between our bodies to grab my throbbing cock. You line my head up with the opening of your pussy.
Using your legs you pull me deep into you.
Our breath quicken as I begin to press into you. Harder. Faster. Our bodies intertwined as one. I reach under one leg and pull it forward so your ankle is resting on my shoulder.
You can feel me pressing deeper into you. I can feel you wet. I can feel your insides massaging my cock. I pull hard to the side where I have your leg up forcing you on top. Obviously force is a relative term as it's exactly where you want to be.
You sit up and rock your hips back and forth. You can feel my cock deep in you. My pubic bone is pressing against your sensitive clit.
Your hands rest on my chest.
"Ride me, I'm gonna cum."
With those words you ride me hard and fast. Your breathing getting faster and shallow as you struggle to keep your breath. You start to feel it, deep in your stomach. It travels outward into your chest, your arms, and your legs. Finally it reaches it destination.
You pussy is throbbing and forces you into an uncontrollable fully body orgasm. You legs lighten. Your breath catches in your throat. You mouth opens as moans escape. Your nails dig into my chest breaking the skin. Your nipples feel like they harden even more.
I push up further into you sending you into another round of orgasms. My cock pulses as cum erupts from my cock deep in you. Filling you.
You collapse onto my chest as we both struggle to regain our breath.
"You are amazing. Thank you."
"No, thank you Sir."
"I said thank you."
"You're welcome, Sir."
*************
Suddenly your eyes open and you are staring at me lying next to you. You reach other and rest your hand on my chest. Slowly my eyes open as I adjust to the bright light of the rising sun.
"Morning babe."
"Morning Sir."
"Did you sleep ok?"
"I slept amazing. I just had the most amazing dream."
"Oh yeah? Why don't you tell me about it?"
"Are we busy tonight?"
"No we're not. Now stop teasing and tell me about your dream."
"How about we get away tonight? Maybe San Diego. Then, I can show you exactly what I dreamt."
You have a small smile on your face as I gently kiss you.
"Ok. Sounds like a plan."