Copyright PennameWombat May 2020
The author asserts the moral right to be identified as the author of this work.
This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, businesses, places, events, locales, and incidents are either the products of the author's imagination or used in a fictitious manner. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, or actual events is purely coincidental.
This is a direct sequel to my Halloween 2019 story, 'A Tale of Two Parties,' in Erotic Horror.
It also serves as an indirect sequel+sidequel to the "Carole" series, 'Carole at the Art Lecture,' 'Carole at Dinner' and 'Carole at Work & Play,' in (respectively) 'Erotic Couplings,' 'NonHuman' and 'Science Fiction.'
All of that said, this tale can be enjoyed on its own.
Thank you for reading.
Tags: Drugs, Exhibitionism, MF, Older woman, Orgy, Police, Public Sex, Science Fiction, Stripper, Teacher
*****
A Dream Fulfilled

[November 1, 1980]

"Oh, fuck...," Joyce Shaw's voice was languid, rough, "I'm not sure if I regret that I never violated every rule the school district had... Or don't..."
She was on her back, perpendicular on the bed with her head just off the edge. She was naked but for a pair of black pantyhose with the crotch torn out, they were held together by little more than the waistband. The panties she'd had on were another casualty of the night, their remnants left in the joint pile of clothes that smelled of smoke in the entrance way once the combination of lust and adrenaline from their tight escape had been freed from witnesses when they'd entered her apartment. Her hair was wild and sweat-soaked.
Her right index finger found the furthest extent of the white, gooey stream between her breasts and followed it down a torso that had only the slightest bulge to the puddle of cum that sat on the flesh between the waistband and her trimmed dirty blonde pubic hair.
"Did you have that much of that, stuff, in high school? Would you have drowned me if I HAD broken about a thousand laws and faced prison and jumped you when I made you stay after class to read poetry and not that sci fi space squid crap you always had with you?"
"Say 'space squids' with a little respect, word snob! Those books got me through what I... had at home. But, it's been a while," a naked and sweaty Peter Miller's right hand held Joyce's left as he laid at a near right angle to his lover, their legs entangled and his prick at parade rest despite its exertions.
"And... the last few weeks I've had a... situation."
"Nothing new for you," she squeezed his hand as she dragged cum trails around her abdomen, "even if you were a baseball star."
"I wasn't a star, just the only one willing to play catcher."
"Ok, out with it. What's her name?"
"Thought you weren't a teacher anymore, tending to your students' mental health..."
"Students, drug dealers, johns," her turn to snort, "it's all about getting you to talk."
"Before you read the Miranda stuff," their joint laughs were tinged with sadness at the recognition, "something I'd have probably heard like my brother has but for you and Stonebreaker and Jones convincing me I wasn't as stupid as my family told me I was."
"Stop it, asshole," but the last word had no invective, "your girl. You about split me in two. This was our fantasy, both of ours, yes, fulfilled, but well, I wasn't the only one you were fucking..."
"Carole. Brown blonde, kinda like your hair actually, her curls are a bit tighter, petite thing, not much over five feet. But, legs, tits, like..."
"And beautiful? Nothing you ever expected?"
"Yeah," he lifted his head and she turned hers so they met eyes, nodded a bit, "you know her?"
"Don't sell yourself short, you've always been well past decent looking. Good bod, and hell, you're a solid uni student. What's the rub?"
"Just appeared beginning of the school year in a statistics class, sat behind me. She's, well, she's not tall but her chest is, um, impressive. And she knows it. She tapped me on the shoulder, I turned around, she had cleavage like... I saw everything but nipples. And the shortest skirts and shorts I've ever seen. Some of 'em made those cheerleader skirts look overlong."
"Shit, dude," she squeezed his hand again, "woman of your dreams."
"Nightmares, turned out," he knew his voice was harder than he wished, "she even wore an utterly see-through shirt one night to dinner, braless, took off her coat... But---"
"Ah, mega-tease," Joyce said with a lilt, "got it. You rammed all that teasing and tonight's fire and saving a woman's life up my pussy and blew it all over me. That's as good a climax as I've had in a long time too! Not like my love life's been anything to brag about, my sheets are 'hey, we thought you gave this up!' Give me her address so I can send her a thank you note, I expect I'll see that Bonnie when I'm working so I can tell her in person."
Peter laughed with an exhale and closed mouth.
"Pi Beta Phi house, sorority girl."
"Oh, hell, you are stupid. Getting hooked up with sorority bitches! You have it out with her?"
"Nah... just... quit calling, talking, asking her out, she had the idea we'd be doing Halloween... Ignored her in stats class couple days ago, she didn't push things."
Joyce freed her legs and rotated to lay on her side and face him on the bed. A string of his cum trailed her fingers as she found his prick and mingled it with her juice that soaked it. His flesh hardened immediately. The power of youth.
And of lust denied. And fulfilled.
"Get what's left of these stockings off of me," she whispered after she'd kissed along his cheek to his ear, "then make love to me. Me. Good with that?"
He pulled back and kissed her lips and slowly opened her mouth with his but their tongues were slow as they wound around one another. He caressed her right nipple back to the full firmness from which it had partially retreated. He released her mouth and tongue before he slid down the bed and kissed her neck as he went, found each nipple for a moment, then skirted the partially dried and sticky trail of cum she'd shown no inclination to remove. Her hips rose off the bed as he grabbed the waistband and worked the remnants of nylon off of her legs.
That done he pushed her onto her back and found the bottom of her slit, he worked his lips and tongue the length of it and she shivered as he found her erect flesh at the top of it. She put one hand on each side of his head.
"Yeah, that's what I need..."
The Briefing
Officer Shaw carried the largest paper cup of coffee offered by the little shop on the way from her small apartment to the central police HQ basement parking lot. One of the few benefits offered her being a full-time undercover vice officer despite her still-lowly rank was use of the gated basement parking. This allowed her team to avoid prying eyes due to the exposed views into the multi-level garage used by most officers and any members of the public with reason, or requirement, to visit the ugly concrete modernist building. She'd left the long overcoat she'd covered her uniform with in the coffee shop in her car, despite the chilled morning it wasn't needed.
She rarely thought of herself as "Officer" Shaw, but given today's extraordinary meeting she'd worn her class A uniform and for today at least looked the part.
The extra large coffee substituted, she hoped, for the lack of sleep. Peter Miller had left by mutual agreement just past 6:00 a.m. After their first fuck, surprisingly long for such a frantic and energetic fuck, his subsequent efforts had been slow, attentive and she'd been sure he'd not been spent when he'd acknowledged her need to get to the station. Her sex life had been moribund and she'd paid arrears and banked fantasies that might last her the winter. She'd been secretly pleased at his rejection of a ride, had claimed he needed a brisk walk in the November morning chill. She'd guessed he'd almost read her mind.
"Like you told me, if I see you again," he'd whispered into her ear just before they'd kissed a final time, "I'll know I'm in trouble."
"Better believe it."
She mused that even in the midst of her best and most intense fuck in years, the investigator was there. Her guess at her lover's mood hadn't been ESP, he'd muttered a name. Likely had no idea he'd done it.
The evening meant Shaw had exorcised the demon of the handsome boy she'd crushed on as a teacher. She hoped he'd find the resolution he needed with this Carole. And she'd been serious, if they met in her professional capacity she'd come down like a ton of bricks. Fuck that family of his, succeed damn you!
"I've had my eye on you for detective," it was James Pearson's voice, a senior detective whose craggy good looks were marred by a nose broken too many times in his youth, "but you look so good in that uniform we might keep you on the streets."
Shaw stopped and turned, Pearson stood half through a doorway and cocked his head at her, his suit was as ever crumpled, but he was a more than solid cop. He was a decade and some older than her but unlike even some younger cops she could still picture the young Officer Pearson chasing down suspects. He'd indeed been a positive influence on her career but she also knew his interest wasn't purely professional. She hoped if she didn't encourage that latter aspect it wouldn't be an issue.
"Oh, sorry, Jim, bit preoccupied."
"Who wouldn't be," his tone serious but it lightened, "but hey, was gonna get knocked down soon anyway. Just glad I'm not the one burned it down."
He winked.
"Hey, thanks Jimmy," Shaw said, "good to know the department has my back."
She glanced at her watch, mouthed 'shit' and he nodded and gave a quick wave to show he wasn't insulted at the dash. Every cop in the city knew about the meeting and if they hadn't been directly invited made sure they were nowhere close. A derelict church full of low-lifes destroyed by flames had thrown wrenches into a dozen ongoing investigations. Not only that but possibly two dozen people were dead and they'd barely begun to dig into the collapsed end where they knew the Mongrels had set up three floors of crash pads. And while none of the undercover team had been able to get into that area, they knew enough that those crash pads were probably at full occupancy.
A hundred, easily a hundred-fifty could've been in there. And few likely left behind anyone willing to file a missing persons report.
Shaw was pretty sure her expectation was common, that the crew who'd been in place would catch hell, despite the fact that not one of them could've done a thing to prevent or mitigate the disaster. That didn't stop the higher-ups from still thinking they SHOULD have done something. Lieutenant Dennis "Den" Richardson, the operational commander, had been apologetic but after a quick onsite debrief where no one had anything solid had just told everyone to be in the briefing room at 9:00 a.m. the next morning. A Saturday morning.
She'd just walked into the room when she heard a soft and familiar voice cut through the nervous chatter of the near thirty people who milled about. Besides Joyce there'd been five other costumed undercover offices and about double posted outside with cameras and telescopic lenses with night-vision gear.
"Better fix that expression, girl, looking a bit too 'fucked good and thoroughly' you are."
It was her closest friend on the crew Brenda desPlain, the only African-American on the undercover team and one of only a half-score on the entire force, in a city where such residents were almost as rare and growing only slowly. It was a city and a state vastly over-represented by anglos with a significant Hispanic minority.
"Scratched that itch good, huh?"
"Um, hey, how did---"
"I saw you two last night. Once or twice after work, you got too much drink in you, talked about 'that boy at the high school.' I reckoned that was him last night. And he was nicely all grown up. But, how's he involved?"
"Isn't. Uni student now, slumming last night. He's everything I despaired any of my students would be. He made it. That's why, well, why..."
"Enough! I want details and I think I'd rather ply you with drink to get ALL of them."
Shaw's reply was cut off by the sudden silence when a door opened at the front and Captain Rourke marched into the room, Den Richardson trailed with a glum expression.
David Rourke's father had risen to Chief in Los Angeles. When the middle of three sons decided to follow him into police work he'd intentionally left Southern California to demonstrate that he'd rise on his own talents and work, not his father's coattails. Despite his obvious competence his underlings knew he didn't react well to surprises and had a broad definition of insubordination.
"He doesn't look very happy," Brenda's sotto voce statement met with Joyce's quick 'uh huh.' The room went silent as Rourke took his place at the lectern and glowered as his audience settled into chairs.
Rourke indeed wasn't happy. Lt. Richardson didn't have to take the blame alone, his undercover squad was included, although Rourke didn't state it so directly. But his point was clear. The fact that the Captain had ultimately approved the overall plan to 'isolate' the Mongrels at the Church until it was demolished after the new year didn't let him off cleanly. Which meant his rant never devolved into a red-faced, spitting meltdown.
"That out of my system," he inhaled slowly as his audience exhaled almost as one, as slowly and quietly as possible, palpable relief that no individual had been publicly called out. For now at least.
"We dragged in every photo tech who wasn't drunk and they've developed every frame captured last night. Here's a couple."
His right hand rose and the lights went down, the screen to his left lit up from a projector mounted on the ceiling. It was the south side of the Church before the fire, the converted living area.
"There," Rourke said, "above the third floor, just left of center. That looks like a flash of some sort. Subsequent pictures from the same angle showed the rapid spread of the flames but also captured people, many of them naked or near-naked, as they escaped through windows and ground floor doors."
Other photos captured the scene from all points of the compass, streams of costumed people and leather-clad Mongrels as they escaped from any available exit. Cars and motorcycles leaving in haste. Then a badly out-of-focus picture was displayed, what may have been cars and people but even that was unclear. None of the pictures had been crystal clear, the poor lighting and limited exposures had prevented that, but this was beyond poor.
"One thing. These, I want all of the cameras checked and rechecked. We lost a few minutes from the front entrance. About ninety minutes before the fire and in the middle of the rush out. Nothing but fuzz around the front and the parking lot. I'm assured it wasn't operator error but nonetheless, we have gaps about who came in and who went out. What you see is the best the techs claimed they can get. That won't happen again."
His emphasis around 'operator error' made it clear he didn't accept the assurance but couldn't do much about it right now.
"What?" Brenda desPlain whispered and nudged Joyce Shaw next to her at the blonde woman's rough exhale during the Captain's summary.
"Later..."
"If any of you have plans for today that don't involve writing up statements and going over these pictures to put as many names to faces, well, masks, whatever, then cancel those plans. The arson team's with the fire departments and the coroner, should have preliminary report couple of hours. Next briefing at noon. Now, get to it."
"Whatta ya got, Joyce? You tensed when he mentioned the photo issue." desPlain's voice was soft as they stood along with the crowd but delayed their exit.
"Later, not here. Let's give him what we wants then we have a lead to follow. Need to buy some lame grass, that's your department. I handle the sex side."
"Handled that part quite well, I'd say."
Her friend squeezed Shaw's shoulder lightly.
"Ok, girl, your last couple hunches been good, hopefully third time's a charm."
"I do my best."
They trailed the crowd out of the room.
Jake & Bonnie, Adam & Eve

[Mid-November, 1980]

Bonnie Baxter muttered under her breath as she folded clothes and straightened them on shelves that a pack of idiot rich teenage bitches had pawed through without buying anything. Not to mention that her asshole manager Alexandra had caught her muttering 'cunts' at them, when she'd been too distracted to see the tall blonde just behind her.
Always watching, always suspicious. That she'd been made assistant manager when Bonnie had been here longer... Alexa wasn't any smarter, she'd just gone to the right high school. Or more likely she'd sucked off the owner's fat ugly husband so that dried-up rich witch wouldn't get her lipstick or hair mussed up by that bastard who pawed Bonnie and the other girls every time he came in.
Fuck.
She moved to the next shelf, held up a crumpled black hooded sweatshirt, one of the new 'fashion' ones. Black. Hooded.
It had been a week since Halloween and the wildest night of her life. The funnest, most enjoyable night of sex and coke she'd ever had, could've ever imagined having. Until. Until black robed crazies. Eve with her snake and Adam with the biggest cock she'd ever even imagined could exist. Then flames. Smoke.
And knives. Wicked knives. Running. Desperate.
The guy who'd saved her life didn't like her. Didn't like Jake. But he'd risked his life. And that woman with him, older, pretty, Bonnie thought. The two of them had practically carried her out of the building. Peter. Peter Miller. Good looking, but she'd just thought him a college idiot when she'd brushed him off at the first party. Then he'd saved her life.
And Jake. Nothing. Had he been... like... all the others? Not a word. He'd been hurt pretty bad, but still. He'd not mentioned the bag of coke she'd still had in what was left of her dress, she'd given her roommate some but hadn't let on how much she really had. She'd been careful, still had some left. But he'd gotten her a ride home, said he had to find his boss or else. That had been the last she'd seen or heard of him.
Her expression tightened. Her red dress, modern but like a twenties flapper her dad had called it. It hadn't just been a costume, it had been... her... she didn't know the word. Her dad's last, almost only, gift to her, a rare time when he'd been sober, before he'd ODed for the last time. She and her mom had argued again not long after she'd against all odds graduated from high school and she'd gone out and had her hair cut short, shorter than ever before, because she knew her mother would hate it, before she'd gone to her dad's place to stay the night. Her dad said he knew what would go with her hair, some shop full of weird and vintage clothes. She'd found the hat, the 'cloche' on her bed a few weeks later, he was dead a month after that. She was a couple of months into a job at a different shop at Streetcar Square and moved to a small but decent apartment with a girlfriend after more screaming matches with her mom where each blamed the other for her dad's death.
"Excuse me," was that voice, someone... Bonnie blinked her eyes, stared forward, shit, was that Alexa...
"Excuse me, young lady, but could you help me buy something nice for my girlfriend?"
A voice... one she knew? She turned slowly.
Jake Jacobsen smiled and looked at her, but kept his distance of about a yard. His face, no mask. His eye was still discolored but the swelling had gone done. He wore a brown leather jacket over a button down shirt and new jeans.
"Uh, umm...," was all Bonnie managed. Then she noticed as Alexa slowly approached with that 'I'm not really spying on you' expression.
"Well," Bonnie forced herself to keep her distance, "what does she like? What size is she?"
"Tall, she's got some, you know, big...," he quickly held his hands well in front of his chest.
Just as Bonnie's expression hardened he winked his uninjured eye that was out of sight of Alexa, then he made a show of leaning to read her name tag.
"But well I bet she'd like the same kinds of things you'd like, uh, Bonnie. I'm Jake."
"Yes, I'm sure I can help," Bonnie smiled, Alexa looked disappointed but another pair of customers entered and she moved to greet them.
"This way," she led him toward the lingerie section, ok, if this was for real, she'd always wanted something slinky and lacy... but it wasn't something she'd ever steal for herself. And it had the advantage of being as far from Alexa as it could be.
"Where've you been, Wolfman," she wasn't happy with the pleading tone in her voice but she couldn't help it.
"Sorry, Bonnie not Parker," his voice was soft, seemingly apologetic, not a tone she was used to hearing from anyone but especially from guys, "but Jed wanted us all underground. Way underground, after the Church fire. Anybody in this city looking to buy this week's been left high and dry. No one's been on the street. I told him what his brother did, but only about how he fought the black robes, not all of what happened before. Told me it was my debt, not his."
They're... weird," she said, then shrugged and brightened as she held up a lace teddy that was her size and smiled.
"I think this would make your girlfriend quite happy," Bonnie held it against the front of her torso, "yes, and I think it would fit quite well."
Jake looked around, grabbed a couple of g-strings. Smiled.
"I think these would go nicely with that, eh?"
She shook her head and took the g-strings, returned them to the pegs and pulled down two pairs of the right size.
Her size. Not that she'd ever worn one, but what the hell.
"You're going to BUY these?"
"What do you take me for? A thief?"
His wounded expression lasted all of a second as she led him toward a register.
"But, really, I am. Jed splashed some cash on us for making us sit around. I'm going to take my girl to Some Other Place for dinner."
She stopped, a querying look on her face.
"What time you get off?"
She smiled.
"Oh, hey," he stopped them, "these are nice blouses. This red one..."
Bonnie clenched and unclenched her butt cheeks as she slid out of Jake's car a half a block from the restaurant. Jake had met her outside the back door to the shop with the clothes he'd bought from, and for, her and she'd changed in one of the public restrooms at Streetcar Square, hadn't wanted Alexa to know what was up. She'd always thought she had a nice little ass, and the g-string meant no lines, but it was... weird. Yeah. Weird feeling, her butt cheeks against her slacks. But that and the teddy and the blouse meant she felt sexy and cute.
He came around the car and she took his hand.
She was on a date. With a boy. Going to a real restaurant, not a burger or pizza place.
She could get used to this.
"Wolfman?"
They were just inside the restaurant waiting to be seated when they heard a woman's voice. They both turned. The speaker was a black woman, taller than both her and her date. She was with another woman, about the same height as her friend, dirty blonde, both of them in their thirties or so. Old.
Bonnie's jaw worked silently for a moment.
"You...," she said.
"You're Bonnie," the blonde woman said with a sad smile, "I'm glad to see you're doing well. You're looking good."
Jake scrunched his face as he looked at the blonde, but his face didn't betray recognition. He looked at Bonnie.
"She was with Peter, helped drag me out of the Church. And..."
She stopped, Joyce nodded.
"Oh," said Jake, "you know Peter?"
"My student, years ago, I was his teacher."
Bonnie's and Jake's eyes both went slightly wide at that. Then Jake looked at the black woman.
"Brenda..., right?"
"You got it," she glanced around, the four were alone in the entrance, the maître'd was directing traffic in the dining room, "been wondering, you got any, you know, stuff? Been a tough week. We both need some."
"Um, hey, well, maybe... but, we're having..."
How about this," Brenda said to Jake, "I'll buy all of us dinner tonight and you'll get me whatever you've got..."
She turned just as the maître'd arrived.
"Table for four ok, Sharon?"
"Sure, Brenda, can do. This way." She grabbed four menus and turned to walk, halted then moved again.
Bonnie looked at Jake but he shrugged so they followed Sharon with Brenda and Joyce after them.
Bonnie had what she was certain was her third glass of wine. Or fourth? Whatever. She wasn't paying. And since Jake wasn't either, he could take her out tomorrow night!
This Joyce wasn't a teacher anymore, she and Brenda worked in an office downtown, typing, filing... Kissing asses of lawyers or accountants or whatevers. They apparently liked to party, this Brenda had bought from Jake a couple of times recently. Bonnie looked at Joyce's face, at Brenda's. They were pretty but both of their faces had a slight roughness now that makeup didn't completely erase. Was that their partying? Bonnie knew what too much of that had done to her mother, a decade older than these two but had anyone thought her a decade past that it wouldn't have been a surprise. Joyce implied that was why she didn't teach anymore. Had quit before getting fired.
That was the kind of fuck-up that Bonnie understood. A round of laughter from someone's joke and Joyce looked at Jake then her.
"Bonnie, Jake, so what was the deal with Adam and Eve from the fire?"
"Oh, well, nothing rea---," Jake started.
"Biggest cock you'd ever see," Bonnie's voice had the slightest slur, "don't know how he got that thing inside of her! But she liked it. They were in a circle around them as they fucked. Before they got killed."
"Killed? By the black robes?"
"No," Jake said, "didn't see that."
"Then, how?" Joyce's voice wavered with the question.
"I knocked over the fire when he had the big knife, he was gonna cut Adam," Bonnie slid a finger across her throat before she pulled Jake's hand off of her thigh and held it with both of hers as he made some sort of sound in his throat, "caught a bunch of the robes on fire, like half of them."
She pulled his hand to her chest.
"We ran, floor collapsed, got separated. Thought my boyfriend was a goner until we were outside."
"There were two black robes after you, Bonnie, they didn't make it out."
"That one, the leader, was the one that almost got me but Peter got him. But didn't really see the other faces."
"Okay. Jake, did you see any?"
He looked at Joyce, exhaled slowly before he answered.
"Saw one, a woman but just from the back, her hood was down and she was blonde, like all these bitches around this City. Think that was real, but dark red stripes in it," he shrugged, "heard her yelling. I know she's local, had that voice like them too. She didn't see me, she just wanted out like everyone else. Hurt my leg when the floor went, landed on some big dude who took a swing. That's the eye, I just ran, couldn't see after that. Too much smoke. Got lucky and followed a crowd out a window. What was your story, Teach?"
"I'd gone with some friends, buy some gear. Me and Peter were just dancing. Total surprise to run into him. Peter wanted to find his friend when it all went down but then he saw Bonnie running. Do you two know anything about that crowd you guys came with?"
"Just weirdos," Bonnie snorted, "that old one... what a face! The other guy was just some other college boy, friend of Peter's."
"She didn't know about the Church??"
"Nah, not a peep but Wolfie's friends took his car. We told Peter we needed a ride. He tried to blow us off but that old woman wanted to see the place after my Wolfman mentioned it, so well, we got our ride. She was in charge. Weird accent, never heard anything like it. Blew 'em off soon as we got there but I'm surprised Peter was with you, she was all over him at that other party."
Joyce shrugged at that, Peter had been cagey in their talks between bouts of sex but she'd had the feeling something like that had happened. She well knew he had an eye for older women. Especially women with heterochromia. Even if they were elves. Or cats. Or whatever she'd been...
"When did you guys get there? I'd been there a while before Peter found me, we had, oh, not quite an hour before the fire."
"No watch," Bonnie laughed as she held up her left wrist then flicked it, "I'd lifted a couple of idiot college boys' wallets so they bought us some good stuff soon as we got there then we went in the back and... well... We were there when we saw the black robes and snuck upstairs."
"What about that strange woman's driver?"
"Seemed attractive, nice dark hair, big tits," Bonnie slurred, did as Jake had earlier and held out her hands well in front of her chest, "well, both of 'em had big tits. But lots younger. Normal voice."
"Local," Jake said, "knew her way around. But even if she hadn't had the mask pretty sure no one I know."
"But you know what pisses me off," Jake continued, "I can't say any of my real friends died, but hey, there were a few I knew and didn't dislike all that much. But the papers, the TV people, don't care about them. It's like, no 'real' people died... Just people... like... us. So who really cares. Just took care of wrecking the place like's supposed to happen."
He finished the last half glass of wine in one fast gulp. Bonnie squeezed his hand, leaned her head on his shoulder.
"At least we got out," Bonnie said softly, "thanks to Peter and Joyce here. Well, I got out because of them."
Jake nodded, mouthed 'thanks' to Joyce.
"Well," Brenda said slowly, she'd been silent a long time, "ready to go? I'll get this and then... we still on? You okay to drive, Wolfman?"
Jake snorted.
"Yeah, to both. I need to be a lot more fucked up than this to not be able to drive."
Bonnie leaned into Jake as they stood next to the passenger door of his car and waved to the two women as the black woman drove them away, having collected a small bag of grass. He had more hidden in the car but she'd not argued when he'd pretended that little bag was it.
"Bonnie, babe," he kissed her cheek, "you gotta learn to hold your tongue when it's not just 'us.' I've sold a couple times to that Brenda, and I know that Joyce saved, helped save, your life. None of that means we give our life stories..."
She twisted and put her arms around his waist, she only needed to lean her head back a bit to look him in the face, she was small and used to looking up to people. He wasn't big but even though he held her loosely she could feel his wiry strength. She liked being in his arms.
"Oh, cops?"
Jake snorted.
"Pigs probly give us medals for burning the place down. But if the Mongrels found out we were in the back... what we started..."
"Yeah. Shit. You mad at me, Wolfie?"
"Nah, Bonnie not Parker, just be more careful. Especially if, if we're with Jed or Tommy. Or Gail. Especially with Gail. Remember she's not your friend, she's not anybody's friend. But, now, you going to invite me over so I can see you in that teddy and that little g-string and nothing else? 'Specially if you got any of that powder left..."
"Not shoving it up your cock again, if you're asking," she kissed him on the mouth, "want to come over?"
"Thought you'd never ask."
Intuition
Joyce replayed the previous night's dinner conversation with the young drug dealer and his little light-fingered friend. The timing of them and Peter and Anna and the rest arriving fit with the camera issues. Peter had shown her Anna and her muscle but that next day when she and Brenda and the rest of the team had studied the pictures that odd woman and her posse weren't in any of them. And Peter had said they'd all escaped out the front door.
Again, none of them captured on film. More than that, the cameras, stupidly simple tools, hadn't worked at just the right times. And only those times. Well, they'd worked but the photos were just fuzz. The fuzz had infected their side door as well so nothing had caught her and Peter carrying Bonnie out. Whatever the cause, it hadn't affected the end where the fire had started.
Intentional? Hell of a coincidence if not. But if it was intentional... what did THAT mean? She pushed those thoughts down.
"We need to talk, detective," she whispered into the seated man's ear as she leaned behind him.
Jim Pearson turned as he pushed surprise to a hopefully feigned outrage as he snorted.
"Walk?" Shaw's voice stayed low. She was in jeans and a loose blouse that gave him just a flash down it as he turned, her badge held by a lanyard around her neck.
Pearson's nod was barely perceptible but Joyce shuffled back as she straightened, gave him room to stand.
"Hank," the chubby man at the desk across from Pearson's looked up, his girth and stringy hair always fooled people into thinking he was the older man, "want a cup of Postum? Won't be long, need to handle something."
"Only if it's 75% bourbon."
"Your blood's 90% bourbon, would be a step down. And what would your Bishop say, heard you talking like that?"
The seated man snorted.
"Long as I'm sharing, his lips are sealed, he's the one checks the waste bins," Hank Smith said before he waved and went back to the papers on his desk.
The pair walked down a flight of stairs and into a small commissary that sold coffee, soft drinks and sandwiches. There was a large cafeteria in the building but it was open to civilians with reasons, voluntary or not, to visit the building and by habit and training Joyce and her teammates avoided it unless it was to appear they were on the wrong side of the law. They each filled a cardboard cup with coffee, Shaw added milk to hers and Pearson nodded back at her as he walked past the cashier. She shook her head as she dug some bills out of her pocket.
"What's up, Shaw? Bust any perverts lately?"
"You're not in jail, so I haven't gotten the ringleader."
"Touché."
They walked slowly along the hallway, sipped at their coffee.
"I might have something on one of those missing persons reports on yours and Hank's desks. And maybe something else too."
"Who says I have any? Those are hush hush, and if they were in the Church, faces aren't any use. Just teeth."
"You've said I could make detective... You know I'm good. One of those out of state reports, that Nevada state legislator? I saw him. He's dead."
She didn't know if Peter's clubbing him with a pipe had been sufficient to deliver him to that state. But the flaming roof's fall made it certain. And likely erased other evidence.
Pearson stopped, sipped his coffee but didn't look at her.
"Why are you talking to me? Richardson's your commander."
"I... I can't tell him. Like you said, there are no reports. Well, not of him, he's never been in the news here and no one outside of Carson City has ever heard of him."
Now Pearson turned and looked at her, there was no anger in his voice but his eyes held questions.
"I understand the quandary. Ok. Tell me where you saw him and I'll drop some hints to the coroner's team. Intuition."
"He was with a woman... show me all the pictures and I can tell you which one. They were next to each other. Tried to kill a young woman but, well... they didn't."
He raised eyebrows and opened his mouth to speak but her expression stopped his quick response.
"Flaming roof was karma, I guess. Their intended victim got out. And the rest, concentrate in the back. But, you probably are already."
"Shit, Shaw. I don't know what your role was but I... well... Ok, any reason why?"
"Call it women's intuition. It's known to be better than men's."
He exhaled a laugh.
"Bring me and Hank doughnuts and me a coffee and that Postum shit Hank drinks at 3:00 p.m. I might just have the pictures fanned out across the desk. Put the doughnut by her picture, before I hurry and cover them."
"Cops and doughnuts. Bit of a silly stereotype, eh?"
"Every stereotype has that glimmer of truth."
Thin Air

[Late May, 1981]

Joyce Shaw's eyes popped open when three things happened in rapid succession as she sat in the booth at Lamb's Grill. A newspaper landed on the table in front of her, struck the saucer and caused the half-empty coffee cup on it to rattle. Arms were thrown around her shoulders and gripped her. And lips landed on her cheek and gave her a firm, wet kiss.
Brenda desPlain smiled as she released her friend and swung around the table to sit quickly across from the blinking woman.
"Oh, Joyce, you look like shit this morning!"
"You spend YOUR whole night in fishnets and not much else, meeting entirely the wrong kind of men... Mostly 'religious' men, pick up hookers every other night, church with wifey and kids on Sunday. Way too many nights lately... Was nice having the Mongrels mostly cooped up in the old Church, now, them and their hookers are all over."
"Well---," Brenda went silent as the waitress arrived with a carafe and filled the mug already in place in front of her, "thanks!"
"Ready to order you two?"
"Give us a bit, Val," Joyce said, the waitress nodded and walked off to find other mugs to refill. Thursday's breakfast rush was over and Lamb's was mostly empty until lunch. Other than the two undercover police women the few patrons had likely dined at the downtown fixture's grand opening multiple decades ago.
"Heard you guys had a hell of a bust last night, load of heroin?"
"Pure stuff but like you said with the Mongrels, it's all over the place now...," Brenda's mood started almost cheerful but the emotion drained before she said softly, "and, hey, flip that over. Only worse news."
"Huh?"
Joyce furrowed her brow as she flipped the paper over and scanned until she saw the pictures in the lower right quadrant. Her mouth went to an 'O' and her eyes moistened quickly.
Brenda stayed silent a few moments as Joyce quickly gathered in the key details. She looked up.
"That's your boy, right? The one I saw you with that night? You never told me his name..."
"Yeah. It's him. He..."
"You spent the night after the Church fire with a gangbanger's little brother... No wonder you wouldn't tell me his name and kept it from Richardson."
"He's gone? Disappeared?"
"What it says. That's yesterday's paper. I talked to Anderson in missing persons. Reported on Monday by housemates, they last saw them Saturday morning. Since, nothing. He thinks they just ran away."
"Bullshit," Joyce spat, "he wouldn't do that. But hell, I've been on shifts for two weeks... Haven't seen a paper, nothing. Damn."
"What about that girl?"
"'Carole Dzhavo,'" Joyce read, looked at the young woman's picture, "I'm pretty sure she's the one he mentioned the night we were together..."
"Um, you talked about his girlfriends?"
"We had to rest a couple of times," Joyce laughed but it had a sad tone, "I mean, he was young... and had plenty of stamina, but... I'm not so young!"
Brenda just smiled and shook her head. "You were walking a bit, oh, strained that next morning!"
"And that long since I last...," she sighed, "anyway. Anderson said they're barely even looking? Anyone look at his brother?"
"He said they asked, dude was surprised. Claimed he knew nothing. But I'll run into that Wolfie pretty soon, sure I'll get something out of him. But, it's not Jed's deal. Peter didn't have anything he'd want."
"Yeah... but there is someone who might know something."
"Who?"
"Her name's Anna. Hell of a costume that night, reddish-blonde hair, medium length, port wine stain half her face, pointed ears, yeah, pointed, a really weird garment, like a sari, flashed her tits at the bartender... and they were pretty awesome by all accounts. Top shelf whiskey only. Had a couple of goons along and a beauty queen driving her around."
"You told me that next day you'd seen someone but made me promise to say nothing to Richardson... and no one like that in the pictures."
"Remember the fuzzy ones?"
Brenda's brows furrowed but then lifted as she held her mouth open a bit and she nodded.
"Coincidence, I'm sure..."
"Shit. What about those black robes you told me about? You didn't bring them up either. That Nevada legislator was one of them, you told me that but not Richardson or Rourke. They found his body, right where you said you told Pearson."
Forty people dead but only fifteen missing persons reports. The Mongrels had quietly confirmed the half dozen members they'd lost, all of whom they'd stated had been in the warren of floors and rooms where the fire had started. Arson investigators had determined the fire had started on some upper floor and had involved an accelerant. But whether intentional or an accident was not clear and the Mongrels had refused to discuss in detail beyond 'hey, we had lotsa shit in there.'
The reported missing persons had slowly been matched by mostly dental records, others IDed as well but their families had seemed to already know. And mostly not care. One who HAD been reported had turned up in the burn ward, in a coma and with his clothing and ID lost. A handful of the reports were quietly canceled as the subjects made contact with their loved ones from hiding.
A staff member of the dead politician from the state next door and a couple of others had been arrested for run-of-the-mill drug and other dealings with Mongrels in both states and official law enforcement had been satisfied that explained his presence and a corrupt politician kept most reporters happy enough. His estranged wife went public with lurid tales of increasingly debauched drug-fueled orgies, she'd implied she'd been fine with run of the mill group sex but he'd crossed a line and she'd left. She claimed she'd stayed silent hoping to protect their teenage children, but with that blown she wanted the truth out. Her story resonated with the drug angle. Her description of his 'descent' didn't necessarily imply human sacrifice would be next but clearly he'd been diligent about chasing bigger thrills.
A couple of ambitious reporters had sniffed further than him but the complete disinterest in the subject from the public at large beyond the minor tempest of a corrupt politician saw any further exposé simply fizzle. Most just felt a bunch of low-lifes had simply gotten their due.
With Peter gone only Joyce and Brenda and two young petty criminals knew the fuller story that hadn't been uncovered. Joyce's reticence hadn't been only to protect herself and Peter Miller. She knew that young man would've kept his silence, he knew how the criminal world worked. But if word about their deed made it to the Mongrels those other two youngsters would find that Peter's brother Jed would burn them in a minute to save his own skin. And for some inexplicable reason she didn't dislike them. He sold grass and more and she'd lift anything she could carry but they avoided the rough stuff. Maybe they'd make their way to better lives like Peter had.
Had been.
"There's one woman reported missing and never been accounted for," Joyce said, "didn't match the demographic for that night so I'm guessing she was one..."
She looked over Brenda at the glass-walled entrance forty feet behind her. There was one more who likely knew most of the real details.
"Hey, girl, come back," Joyce blinked twice and gave Brenda a closed-mouth smile before she shifted sideways.
"Gotta talk to Pearson, got a plan. I know who to hit up about some of the society sex parties, just need a boost. I had some hints back at the turn of the year about this woman, word has it she's back in town finally and likes to hang out with those perverts. At least satisfy myself she's not involved. Couple weeks leave I can use."
"Joyce, sit down," Brenda reached over and lightly held Joyce's arm, "when's last time you ate? A real meal?"
"Um, some crackers last night..."
"Sit your ass down. Pearson will be around later and your boy, well, the air will be just as thin an hour from now."
Joyce stood still a few seconds then obeyed. Brenda scanned the room and found her target.
"Hey, Val, we're ready!"
Meetings & Matings

[June, 1981]

Joyce sipped at her red wine, she'd watched the handsome man with the mustache uncork the bottle before she'd accepted it. Her breasts only filled a 'C' cup but the latest in push-up bra engineering gave her deep cleavage that her long-sleeved second-skin sky blue gown flowed around, before it emphasized hips and an ass that got her plenty of stares and her accidental companion didn't hide his gazes. Long slits allowed her toned legs to show through the ankle-length cloth.
She'd promised this Victor she'd find him again during the evening in the sprawling house isolated in one of the narrow V-shaped canyons that surrounded the broad and flat valley that held the City and its suburbs and sealed that with no more than a deep but short kiss. She hadn't counted the rooms but this floor was level with the road and a half floor sat above that. From the road the hillside dropped away and two more house levels followed the hillside down to a flat spot before it plunged a hundred feet. She knew the canyon well enough but guessed at that last part, word of this location had come to her only a couple of hours ago so she'd not been able to scout it, her recent fake arrest had convinced a contact that while she wasn't a dedicated pro she was wanton, a woman and single, a trifecta for this kind of party.
At least she hoped the house sprawled enough to allow her to avoid him as long as her task required.
She'd noted this was a new house on the circuit. She'd not yet found her target and it had only been rumor that the last puzzle piece from the Church fire would be here. Fortunately her squad hadn't had reason to send anyone in, she'd already spied a couple of professional gals and a man she knew about who had very flexible sexual tastes, he called himself Henri. She knew that wasn't his real name but had no reason to pass that information on, his and the gals presence wasn't unprecedented, many of the 'normals' in this City needed a bit of priming before stripping down and fucking in front of others or as a crowd chattered outside their bedroom.
The pros primed the pumps. Henri's presence meant no combination was out of bounds tonight and they expected to get paid something, any extras they might earn could make it a very good night.
Legally, all borderline. She'd been instrumental in a few busts of gatherings in her time with the force but those had involved clearly underage or unwilling participants. These pros weren't those kind and although coy that was the script and the other attendees had passed the age of consent decades previously. Another hour to let the normals absorb more booze and coke and the pros would pretend to be seduced to give the regular Joes and Janes permission to follow suit.
The coke, well, she wasn't here on official duty. And plenty of the normals had positions in society that didn't expect or for that matter accept much interference in their activities. She'd note the attendees for her squad's 'watch quietly' list but for now had no reason to break cover.
And if a bunch of pasty, overweight middle-aged horndogs wanted to snort blow, get naked and fuck in a pile, that was their concern. She just wanted, no, needed to ask one person some questions. Not being on duty nothing said she couldn't look up her wine friend, although older than her he was one of the younger and definitely fitter male attendees. But would she?
Peter and Carole had disappeared not quite a month earlier and it had passed from the thoughts of both officialdom and wider society. Not even rumor tied his gangster brother to it, that man even seemed shocked. She secretly hoped that asshole had at least some admiration for his little brother who'd forged a legal path through life.
From Bonnie and the Wolfman she'd learned the true story of the fire. Peter's role had been to deny black robed sex-death cultists their revenge on that thin brunette, Shaw wanted to find this woman and discover if the black robe cult's ties to the Mongrels might've played a part in his disappearance even though this one had apparently been nowhere close to Peter's fight. The Mongrels had as usual employed patsies to deal directly with the dead legislator and it didn't seem they had any more interest in his death than in any others that night who weren't members of their little club. She'd even heard rumors a couple of older Mongrels had expressed dismay at the news. Peter's youth had been... interesting. But it was a loose end.
She didn't like loose ends.
She perked her ears up as she wandered into a large basement rec room. One wall was all glass and looked out onto a broad patio where the hillside flattened before it dropped again. Widely spaced lights allowed her to see people around and in a pool and deck where a naked couple hadn't needed the prompting of the pros. A woman was on her back with her legs wide as a man fucked her with rapid thrusts on a chaise lounge folded flat that shook from their efforts. A few couples and singles stood around and cheered them on while others appeared more intent on building up their own courage to follow suit.
Her attention was drawn by a clear voice that wasn't loud but distinct from the otherwise undistinguished American voices with traces of Valley Scandihoovian, the local dialect of English with the merest trace held over from the heavy influx of Scandinavian immigrants. She sipped her wine as she sidled toward a stone fireplace that was striking enough to give her an excuse to stand near the speaker.
He was a couple of inches over six feet. His white hair was a shock, a slightly grown out crew cut. He was only a few years older than her, if he was forty she'd be surprised, meaning that other than her and the pros he was the youngest here. At least for now. Irish-Americans weren't rare in the City but this brogue was Old Country. She guessed he'd kicked it up a notch to impress his companion, a very attractive fiftyish blonde, but at base it was natural, her skill at picking up vocal nuance was one way she'd endeared herself to her bosses. His tight button down light yellow shirt showed he was solidly built, black slacks did nothing to deny that.
The blonde who stood against and pawed at this handsome foreigner was the wifely half of the couple who owned this house. Sheryl. Sheryl Grace. Shaw knew that only from what scant research she'd managed, family pictures and mementos had been carefully gathered and kept out of sight but marks on flat surfaces gave away their existence where they weren't covered by bowls of condoms and lubes. The woman's silver gown was cut similarly to Shaw's and the policewoman hoped she looked as good in two decades although the older woman's extra cup sizes gave her an additional advantage in such a dress.
"I'm so happy you made it to town yesterday, Patrick, last night was... nice," Shaw stood half turned away and squinted with the eye out of sight of the couple, from his expression she was sure that wasn't his name. He slid his arm around the woman's waist and although out of sight Shaw was sure she'd brushed his crotch.
"Can't say how much I enjoyed last night myself, Sheryl my love," he definitely used the voice as a weapon, "I'd have been here earlier but you were away."
His tone at the end implied her travel was a secret. Or at least separate from her dealings with him. And he wasn't happy about that. Interesting.
"And you did promise Cherry would be here. I've so wanted to meet her."
Two things happened. Shaw fought down her reaction but she still tensed and Patrick glanced for an instant at her. She moved, approached an abstract sculpture that an unattractive couple stood next to. Patrick's attention went back to Sheryl. But Shaw swore she felt an eye on her back.
"All will be clear soon. My word is good, if I must share you...," a pout in Sheryl's voice.
"I don't want to disappoint any American lasses," a slight laugh, "now, how about some wine?"
A woman's laugh behind her and Shaw managed to avoid the attention of the couple with a hard left. She joined plenty of other eyes that watched their hostess and an apparently favored guest find and climb the stairs. Cherry, Cherry Powell was the name of the last missing person report from the Church fire. A few remains had never been identified but those had been negative for being the missing young woman. Easy enough, only one had been female and none had matched for height. Teeth had simply confirmed.
Why would a visitor from another country be interested in that young woman? Especially if he's already a rich woman's boy toy? Background had Cherry as the black sheep of a local family with plenty of money and bishops and Counselors in the majority faith rife among relatives close and distant, a great-grandparent had been on the Council of Twelve. It made enough sense. This couple weren't 'of the faith' but money was as important a determinant and there'd likely be connections between the families. Cherry's family had told Pearson and Smith she'd fallen in with a charismatic 'cult,' information that wasn't supposed to go further than those two. Shaw had no plan to pass it on.
Such a cult could've been the Black Robes as clearly Cherry hadn't hewed to their faith's prohibition on premarital sex and she'd been quite popular at plenty of parties like the current one the last few years and her juvenile record before that indicated a bit of violence wouldn't be out of the question. Her behavior had blown well past 'standard teenage rebellion.' That certainly fit with the two cultists she'd seen trying to kill that Bonnie girl. Twenty-three now, Cherry had failed out or been kicked out of multiple colleges and universities.
Shaw wasn't sure if her family wanted her found to assure themselves of her safety or because they worried she'd reappear and her true nature made public would stain them. It seemed she was alive but wasn't excited about announcing that.
Thirty minutes later Shaw stood on a deck that overlooked the swimming pool and yard. She glanced through the wide windows either side of the door to what was a formal dining room and parlor, with comfy chairs and a love seat along with a beautiful oak table and chairs. She saw one of the pro women, Shaw was pretty certain she went by Gypsy Rose, as she stood in the center of a mostly-seated mixed group of civilians. Many of the women she encountered in the trade were addicts but there were also the others. Bright, well-read, even the odd Uni student or graduate earning extra spending money or just because they liked the thrills. Gypsy Rose's eyes had that glint of calculating intelligence and she'd likely chosen her name after reasoned consideration. And that was why she was here.
But the original holder of that name wouldn't likely have gone as far as her namesake would over the next few hours, that namesake leaned at the waist and flirted with a not too obese fifty-something man Shaw believed was a local bank president. And if her ID was right rumor held bound for the Council of Twelve in a couple of decades. Unless, of course, news about this and any similar evenings got out.
She turned her gaze across the yard and pool below. Water splashed around a skinny dipping couple who fucked in the pool. The couple on the chaise lounge had found the energy to go at it again as the woman straddled the man this time. She admired what looked like an underwater blow job for a third couple. The top of the man's torso and his thrown-back head all that was above water, dark hair splayed out from the submerged head that applied itself to his prick. It appeared five, no six, of the earlier spectators had laid out a blanket on the small swath of grass and men and women fucked in a pile of quivering flesh.
But no sign of Cherry and Shaw's game of dodge 'em with Victor had gotten old.
"You're a lovely lass now, what be your name?"
Shaw hoped her hair hid her sudden clenched jaw the brogue caused. A hand found the top of her left hip and a crotch pressed against the top of her right hip. She felt him. He was... impressive. She leaned into him and turned so they half faced each other.
"Patrick, is it?" He smiled, made sure she saw his eyes trace her cleavage.
"At your service, but you have me at a disadvantage."
"Jacqueline, but just Jackie," her longtime cover name, common enough for her age. The driver's license in her purse would confirm that, in addition it held only a single car key and wouldn't have held much else.
"Not your everyday American name, Jackie. Are you a friend of Sheryl's?"
"More a friend of a friend, Patrick, and I wouldn't want her to see us. Wouldn't want her to think I'm intruding."
He laughed as his left hand worked down her hip and onto her ass. She put her left hand over it but didn't force it away, his right hand slid over the strap of her tiny purse and pressed on her abdomen and rose until it cupped her right breast.
"Plenty of me to go around. Wouldn't want to disappoint any American beauties."
She pushed her hip harder than necessary into his crotch but he'd anticipated the move and arched backwards enough to simply absorb the pressure.
"Plenty is right. But what brings you all the way this side of the world? Long way from home?"
"I'm a man of the world, love," his mouth close to her ear, voice a whisper, "and I know you had your eye on me down the basement. And you have such a great arse."
She traced fingers on his bare arm below the sleeve to hopefully distract him. His tone wasn't... it wasn't innocent. It wasn't that he'd happily fuck her brains out like every other straight man here. He edged her against the railing. He was strong. Solid. It was two floors to the deck and the pool would require a decent jump to reach. No. He knew what she was. How? They'd traded a couple of looks during fleeting encounters since the basement, but those hadn't even been flirting. She'd engaged a couple one time in his sight, for them to 'invite' her for later as hoped for camouflage. Had she been on assignment she'd have backup but tonight while Brenda and Pearson both knew she was here neither was close by, they had assignments. And she'd not wanted to bring anyone else on the force in on this.
"Bonjour, Patrick," it was a male voice behind them, Henri's ridiculously fake French accent. The pressure against her lessened slightly as the big Irishman turned toward the caller.
"I'm busy," it was a tone of dismissal but it allowed Shaw to look down, work out the aim for a stiletto, adjust herself for leverage.
"Oh, Patrick," Shaw smiled tightly at that voice, she was able to turn enough to see Sheryl beside Henri, a young woman behind and to her right side, "you're not two-timing me?"
"Nice meeting you, 'Jackie,' eh," he kissed her cheek, "be seeing you around."
He squeezed her ass and her tit, his body hid that from the older woman. He slowly released her.
"You too, 'Patrick,'" no reason to not let him know she knew.
He exhaled hard as he released her and pushed past Henri into the room. She took a deep breath as she turned fully and let it out slowly. How the hell had he made her? How had he caught her unawares, she'd taken her attention off of the room for less than a minute. Who, what was he?
She walked to the doorway and stood next to Henri. She saw but couldn't hear Sheryl with Patrick and Cherry, the mystery man put his hand out to the young woman.
Shaw recognized the face. Once Pearson had slipped her the name she'd found mug shots and no shortage of public photos as well as a dozen the family had provided to the department. She was a natural Scandihoovian blonde but the pictures showed almost every hue imaginable, natural or not, including one a few weeks before the fire with red stripes in her blonde hair. Now her hair was dyed in alternating streaks of indigo and black and flowed straight over her shoulders and to the small of her back. Black motorcycle boots, black tights and a black miniskirt, a black leather jacket with small-link chains stretched from pocket to pocket over a tube top that matched the purple in her hair. Heavy black eyeliner brought a raccoon to Shaw's mind. Five-four or so, the nice figure prominent in many of the pictures was mostly obscured by the unflattering clothes. Yes, it was her. The get-up made sense. She'd draw eyes but most people would look away quickly, the 'punk lite' look wasn't common but it was visible enough that the majority of people wouldn't look twice and they ignored such people or even actively avoided them. Only family or close friends would see through the disguise and even for most of them it might take more than a glance.
"Have we met? You look familiar. Been on the game?" Henri'ssotto vocedidn't bother with the accent.
"Part-timer," her response as low, they caught eyes and she winked, "but tonight's my own time."
She was known by the right, well, the wrong kinds of people. And accepted, more or less. If she made it out of here maybe she'd still have a job. He sniffed hard.
"Good. Not splitting with one more."
They watched Sheryl's nod to Gypsy, her red dress an open vee to her navel, the merest nod returned. She put her hand on the chin of the bank president slash church official and kissed him and her hand went to his crotch. Henri sniffed.
"Don't get in our way, amateur," he said, "got work to do."
Eyes left Sheryl and her strange pair and locked onto the kissing couple. Gypsy broke the kiss and grabbed a woman that might've been her first target's stout wife and kissed her hard. Shaw saw Sheryl's cagey smile as she centered herself and put a hand on each small back and led her oddest guests through a doorway that led into the kitchen and more utilitarian sections of the house. Henri went through a doorway in the opposite direction.
'Shit,' on repeat ran through Shaw's mind. She'd expected a confused twenty-three year old young woman amid oversexed people twice her age and more, she knew how to approach such kids and had helped more than one out of dire situations. Finessing around Sheryl she'd mostly expected and if she got some answers leaving the young woman here if she was of sound mind wouldn't have bothered Shaw.
But pulling this Irish joker from the deck threw those plans out the window. That both of them being here didn't seem accidental made it worse and Sheryl's apparent involvement confused the picture even more. Shaw had last seen that woman's husband on the lower levels so maybe it was just her. But Patrick wasn't simply a boy toy. Based on his IDing and approaching her Shaw had the clear feeling that what he was, whatever that was, wasn't on the side of the angels. Another question was whether Sheryl knew about that side.
Shaw smiled tightly when she saw the mustached man who'd poured her wine reverse Henri's path and enter the room, he stopped and arched an eyebrow at the center of the room as Gypsy Rose did a slow striptease, a jazz number heavily dominated by a languid baritone sax poured from a portable CD player, apparently chosen from a pile of three or four CDs. For its first time on the circuit the house was quite well prepared. Plentiful supplies like condoms and lube was basic, planted pros was solid, small but well-built CD players placed in rooms with pre-selected CDs chosen for their mood was top level.
Victor smiled and tilted his head slightly when the stripper fully revealed silicone-enhanced breasts and slowly rotated to ensure everyone had a view. One hand held the bunched gown around her waist and the other pulled hairpins to let her hair fall in waves. Her audience was rapt.
Shaw's eyes caught the older man's and his attention left the showpiece and he smiled. She smiled back, then lifted her hand to mime sipping from a wine glass. He nodded and worked his way around the perimeter of the room as Gypsy gyrated as she lowered her gown down her legs and stepped out of it to leave her in heels, stockings and a g-string. Shaw smiled at Victor and pointed to his empty wine glass and he nodded, she slid her arm around his and they turned their backs as the dancer grabbed the hands of her 'youngest' spectator and coaxed her to follow her lead. The woman had fifteen years on Shaw and another decade on top of that on her dance partner but she was decently fit and received a round of verbal approval, although her eyes told Shaw she was stoned on more than just Gypsy's nude beauty. Gypsy turned her and slowly unzipped the woman's dress with one hand as they both swayed and slid the other hand under the cloth to follow flesh to embrace a breast. The woman shivered and used her hand to press Gypsy's more tightly as the stripper worked her partner's dress off of her shoulders to cheers and encouragement.
"Shall we let them party," Victor whispered into her air and she led them from the room and into the adjoining kitchen, "and---"
She silenced him with a fingertip to his lips, followed that with a quick kiss as she led him to the island counter covered with a variety of wine bottles. He looked confused but he shrugged and stayed silent. But her attention was focused in her ears, Sheryl and her special guests weren't in this room, beyond Shaw knew there was a large utility room that served as an informal dining area along with a pantry and beyond that an attached garage. Other than the dancing crew in the next room everyone else was on the lower levels.
Well, there was a half floor above, two large bedrooms. But the way up was back the other way. She released Victor and sidled toward the far passage on her toes to avoid her stiletto heels clicking on the tiled floor. She picked up a corked bottle of Pinot noir and a wooden-handled vintage style 'T' corkscrew and mimed to Victor, he smiled and took the bottle from her but found a sommelier's corkscrew instead of hers. She wasn't a Pinot fan but its cork and seal were in place and she distrusted anything already opened.
Then she heard it. A voice. Low in volume but not timbre. She shuffled toward the far passage and edged as far as she dared while she tried to keep her eyes on Victor and stand loosely against the countertop.
It wasn't Sheryl's mezzo, it was higher, slightly slurred.
"Your friends She...," a gap, "... Oswald was intere..."
The voice wavered out of hearing, as if unsure. Or a painful memory. The dead Nevada legislator, the black robe Peter had clubbed, had been Oswald Osborne.
"... didn't make it ... no time. The fire..." At that the voice went silent.
"That's all fine, love," 'Patrick's' brogue was like a blanket and she heard shuffling, "that's why I'm here. You're sure you want to leave America?"
Shaw's face reacted, Victor saw and his face showed questioned confusion as he pulled the cork free of the bottle with a clear 'pop.'
"Yea---." That high voice stopped suddenly, Shaw stiffened as she heard hard exhales in the room.
Shaw moved closer to Victor as steps approached when a wailed scream and a crash from the dining room overruled every other sound. A second of silence was broken by a renewed sound that could've been a laugh or a wail.
"What the hell...," fast clicked steps neared the kitchen from the pantry and Sheryl appeared, an expression Shaw read as more angry than concerned, likely from the interruption. It turned to a momentary surprise as she caught sight of Shaw who held two wine glasses and Victor poured but she didn't slow until she was in the passage that gave her a view of whatever confused mess had led to the mixed moods in the dining room. She exhaled loudly and shook her head. Victor set the wine bottle on the counter.
Patrick and Cherry followed at a slow pace, two steps into the kitchen Patrick caught sight of Shaw and glared for a moment, his face softened before Victor could react, but Shaw read the big Irishman's real mood. It wasn't welcoming.
Cherry seemed oblivious.
"Patrick, love," Sheryl had half turned, "can you be a dear and come help me untangle this mess."
His fake smile back, his glance told Shaw he wouldn't forget about her but he stepped quickly and followed Sheryl through the passage.
"Give me a moment," Shaw whispered to Victor as she kissed his cheek. She stepped quickly to stand next to a stationary Cherry, who offered a slight smile and a vacant stare into the far room.
"You know that Adam and Eve are alive, right, Cherry?" Shaw's question had an immediate effect as the younger woman stiffened.
"Yeah, they made it out. But you didn't see that, did you?"
The young woman's face was hard and angry as she turned her head and glared, her head tilted up slightly to look the older woman in the eyes. But her expression showed confusion and Shaw was certain she also read surprise.
Cherry hadn't known that. Which would make sense if she'd made it out on the far side where the Wolfman said he'd escaped and had seen her, well, a black-robed female with blonde red-striped hair. She'd seen Adam and Eve near her and Peter on the opposite side of the flaming building. It had to be them, she'd seen a couple that perfectly fit the description Wolfie and Bonnie had given her.
Except the cock. He'd regained his loincloth and had his boots. Eve had her boots and loincloth but was topless, she'd not bothered with the bikini top Bonnie had described. But she HAD retrieved and placed around her neck her stuffed plush coiled snake despite the need to escape the raging inferno. Bonnie had made clear the black robes had removed the snake before they'd had the couple fuck. Both humans and the snake were covered with black soot and what looked like burns, but when Shaw had seen them they'd stood together and calmly watched the inferno before they'd melted away with much of the crowd before the police and fire cordon had been fully established.
"How? Who..."
"You didn't see poor Oswald during the fire?"
"He's dead," definite sadness in the voice, "what the papers all said. He went aft..."
Cherry went silent as her eyes darted, she was on ... something... but not so far gone as she seemed. Shaw couldn't be absolutely certain Cherry was unaware of the events just prior to Oswald's death and therefore the roles of her and Peter in it, but this was probably as certain as she'd be.
"Why do you want to go to Ireland? Your family's desperate to find you..."
Shaw glanced quickly and saw Patrick manhandle a topless middle-aged woman who was lost in the throes of stoned laughter and put her into a chair. Other furniture was overturned and Sheryl guided a male guest to a chair, his gut almost large enough to hide his erect but unimpressive prick. Gypsy had removed her g-string at some point and stood with her hands on her hips with only garters and stockings, her one-time dance partner was on the floor at her feet and laughed maniacally. The call girl/stripper's expression made clear her frustration dealing with these amateurs.
'Why you get the big bucks, Gypsy,' ran through Shaw's mind before she dismissed it. With Sheryl involved she probably was getting a pretty bundle for this, half for services rendered and half for staying quiet afterwards.
Either side of her stood the bank president slash church official and his wife. Each was mostly naked. His prick was above average. His wife's tits had the obvious advantage of a surgeon's intervention and while chubby she was reasonably firm otherwise.
Each stood with another attendee of the opposite sex. Not with one another. Each woman stroked the nearest cock. Two partially naked men lifted an easy chair back upright and one sat heavily on an arm as they both broke into stoned laughter.
"Fuck 'em," the young woman spat out and pulled Shaw's full attention back, "don't care about me, just don't want me to embarrass them."
"Who are Sheryl's friends? What are they giving you?"
Cherry's eyes came into better focus. She was on something but she was still aware and she'd regained her footing after Shaw's surprise opening.
"Who are you? You a friend of Sheryl?"
"More or less," Shaw glanced toward the knot of laughter and cries, saw Sheryl and Patrick had apparently wrangled the crowd into some sort of order, time was short.
"But more, I saw Oswald at the end," Cherry's eyes focused harder on her, "he was with two skinny kids, a boy and a girl in a red dress, and another woman in one of those black robes like him. But none of them made it out, I couldn't help them."
Those raccoon eyes blinked and her face morphed from anger to doubt and finally to something with a bit of joy in it.
Yeah. This girl and knife-wielding maniacs. A fit.
"What're Sheryl's friends giving you?" Shaw saw that woman and Patrick turn their backs on the noisome crowd with too much exposed jiggling flesh that followed Gypsy's bare and shapely ass through the far doorway, likely up the stairs to one of the bedrooms on the top half-level.
Whatever that woman was getting paid indeed wasn't enough, was Shaw's last thought on the subject before she focused on Patrick's enraged glare.
"Machines. Giving us little machines, tiny ones... project in Europe...," Cherry seemed oblivious to the far room. Patrick walked with Sheryl but his body language was stiff and he was clearly unhappy.
'Machines?' The oddest answer for a very odd evening.
"Cherry," Patrick's voice was controlled but it was an order and caused the young woman's head to snap around to look at him, "you don't want to talk to that woman, does she Jackie?"
"Just saying hello, I like her hair."
Sheryl looked at Patrick's glare then at Shaw and her eyes narrowed. "Do... I know you?"
"She's my friend, Sheryl dear," Victor stepped to Shaw and held out a glass of wine and stood beside her with a soft smile.
"That's ok, Sheryl," Shaw said, "I'm not really in the mood tonight for your lovely party. Sorry, Victor, you're such a dear but I think it's time for me to leave."
She touched Victor's solid cheek and followed it with a kiss before she took a single step away from him. In the brighter light of the kitchen Shaw's gaze paused for a moment on Sheryl's face. There was... the slightest bit of color at the woman's left eye, like a faded bruise, she knew such well from her encounters with the denizens of the City's underbelly. Sheryl looked at Shaw then at Victor and the tint was gone. Had it been a shadow? Another reason to be jealous of the older woman, she looked like she did with only the lightest touch of makeup. Life was so unfair.
"I'll see myself out," Shaw said and half turned toward the room behind them, that utility area offered a front entry with a refuge for discarding boots and coats that would be needed in winters this high in the canyon. She heard Victor's inhale but cut off any statement he had in mind when she walked away quickly, went through the passage and quickly exited the house. Her car was in a turnout a hundred yards or so further up the canyon, there was one house halfway to that spot but parking was not plentiful this high and this house's wide driveway was full and there were few spots along the road. There was a paved walkway along this side of the road, a steep wooded slope rose from the other side.
She walked quickly and listened for steps behind her, half expected that Victor to follow. She'd never met him before this evening and he just seemed one of the attendees, clearly an acquaintance of Sheryl's but not as dissolute as most of the guests. That said, this party seemed little more than cover for whatever that woman had going on with Patrick and Cherry.
'Little machines?' What did that...
Shaw was lifted from the pavement by something, someone, a large shape who'd sprung from the brush to her left. Strong arms wrapped her and a hand went for her mouth but she twisted quickly and it missed and ended up on her chest just below her throat. Her toes met the pavement just before the heels of her shoes as the grip on her shifted.
"You'll drag me off, Patrick," Shaw's husky growl between quick breaths, "but we'll see how deep I get this corkscrew into your eye while you do it."
He'd frozen with her in his grip. Her right hand held the wooden-handled corkscrew with the gleaming metal tip just against the large black pupil of his left eye. She was impressed that he held the eye open, the distant streetlight just sufficient that she saw the narrow iris that was ironically the same color as her dress that surrounded the inky darkness of her target. His breathing was hard but controlled.
This possibly wasn't the worst situation he'd ever been in, Shaw thought.
"I'm ex-cop, kicked off the force for snorting a bust. Freelance now, Cherry's family hired me to find her," Shaw lied but only by degrees, "just want to know she's alive. What I do now. I'll tell them she is but doesn't want to see them. Ever. They hate her, she hates them, they'll believe that but she's still their first born child. I hope you understand that."
His hold on her stayed and he made no other move, didn't challenge or further threaten her. There'd been a Jacqueline on the force and she'd indeed been fired a few years back for dipping her nose into the evidence room. But anyone with any two of time, money or determination who scratched Shaw's claim would see past that veneer. Sheryl had the money to track her all the way back to her childhood, Shaw hoped they simply wouldn't care.
"Not a word about Ireland but I'll tell them she's off to fuck her way across Europe, they're big religious people, I'm guessing you know that. They're mostly worried she'll embarrass them but will be a bit relieved if she's alive but gadding about the wrong side of the Atlantic, not so much worry anyone here will ever know and they're rich, it's not like she hasn't been to Europe before."
His grip loosened slightly but he kept his head still and the corkscrew's aim stayed. He was good, damned good, Shaw thought. He's a pro. Cop? Soldier? Heavy?
"You're good, 'Jackie,'" he spat out her 'name,' "palmed that from the kitchen, right?"
She smiled but said nothing. He released her by very slow degrees but kept his head still. She backed the spiral tip of her weapon off an inch.
"You're good too, 'Patrick,'" she used only slightly less vehemence with his name, "made me in an instant."
"Sheryl's too soft," he spread his arms slowly and they each shuffled backwards to gain some distance, "you'd be the bottom of that pool this'd been my place."
"Corkscrew in your kidney," she smiled broadly, "so you'd join me down there."
"I'd say 'be seeing you,' but if we do only one of us walkin' away," a posh British accent morphed into a thick American drawl.
"Depends on who sees whom first," Shaw deepened her voice before they smiled grimly at each other and moved further apart. She had another fifty yards to her car, Sheryl's neighbor was ten yards behind Patrick. Or whatever his real name was. She glanced back, knew the path curved slightly, kept her eyes mostly on Patrick but didn't ignore the space before her car. Cherry jumping her would only be a slight surprise, but her lie about Bonnie and her Wolfman dying in the fire seemed to have cheered that young woman, she'd obviously recognized the 'thin girl in a red dress' comment.
Patrick finally turned with a last glare and strode away. She half turned but never took both eyes off of the big man. Her left hand worked its way to her tiny purse and retrieved her key. The big man's back was barely visible in one of the widely spaced streetlights so she did a quick scan through the nearby brush and her back seat before she quickly unlocked the car and slid into the driver's seat. She quickly slipped her heels off and tossed them onto the floor in front of the passenger seat and put the corkscrew into a cubbyhole in the center console where it was secure but remained in easy reach.
She squealed the car out of the parking spot and drove further up the canyon. Although twisty, this canyon connected at the top to another and while it was an extra twenty miles home that freed her from driving past Sheryl's place. A mile on a decent gravel road offered a third canyon and forty miles extra but it meant any effort to ambush would require extreme resources she was certain no one would expend. Rougher roads offered more canyons but her car would be hard pressed to handle those and she didn't think getting high-centered on ruts was worth the risk. But if they planned to follow her they'd need to catch her and as she rounded the first curve she saw no headlights.
Her breathing slowed by a degree but her bare foot kept the accelerator pegged as the tires stayed just the right side of controlled.
She turned the wheel hard and the tires squealed this time but the car topped the canyon onto the mile of road that followed the top of the ridge line before it dropped into the next canyon. With the long sight line, the moonless night and the last streetlight long passed, any chasers would've been obvious as driving without headlights in this darkness would've been insanity.
There were none. Her right foot eased only slightly.
Cherry WAS the last of the black robes and now that she thought Bonnie and her Wolfman dead that would hopefully close off any thoughts of revenge for the fire and the loss of her fellow cult members. It didn't mean the Mongrels wouldn't still care but they didn't seem to be that active about it. Cherry and so far as she'd found none of the Mongrels had any knowledge of Peter's role in Oswald's death so while Shaw now had absolutely zero leads on how or why he and Carole had disappeared, she was near certain no one from the Church that night was involved. So who?
A rich family's rebel child running off to Europe wasn't unprecedented. Shaw would see what she could dig up on Sheryl but the woman had plenty of money, fronting some sort of investment for 'machines,' little or big or whatever, was odd but not unthinkable and this was one more conundrum that she couldn't take openly to the force. And that older woman's money meant her activities wouldn't be easily traced if she didn't want them traced.
Shit. Shaw had willingly let Peter go from her life but she'd never meant for him to be lost. He was. That hurt. But it seemed two other young people had their chance to move past their accidental arson, now if only they'd move past their lives of petty crime.
And she had Cherry and Patrick. Was all this just an extension of Sheryl's more socially adept and seemingly peaceful sex cult than what the Black Robes had been? Patrick as procurer of a bit of exotic fresh tail for his side of the pond? If so, Cherry seemed more than willing and she was well into adulthood and Shaw had no grounds to pursue her. Neither Bonnie nor the Wolfman would testify to what they saw and even then, the knife had never touched Adam's flesh and their statement had been that they'd not seen any faces beyond Oswald's. And he was beyond human justice.
She wasn't certain of the family's reaction but from the force's side their job was done and they'd have to let these chips fall as they would. Pearson's description of his meetings with that family mostly convinced her they'd buy a story that started an 'undercover officer found her at an orgy' and he'd likely recruit her to help him come up with the story. What she'd told Patrick would likely work well and it had the advantage it was in essence true. Most likely the family would let out a relieved breath and simply accept being short one daughter, they had a half dozen others and none had so far traced their eldest girl's path. And at least they'd know their first born was healthy and, for some definition of the word, happy.
The Broiler and the Cat

[February, 1986]

"I know you've got history with the crew that pulled this, Shaw, why I pulled you off that other case," Detective Lieutenant Jim Pearson said to her as she walked through the top floor of the Gatewest Center, all of the shops closed and locked. Her boots crunched on the broken glass that was strewn across the hall. Uniformed officers and other junior detectives were with a knot of people at the far end of the hall, many of them in chef's and service uniforms.
"Yeah, thanks, Boss. Sorry when I heard. Body still in there?"
She nodded through the opening that had been the glass door to a shop being remodeled.
"Girlfriend ID'd him, well, after she woke up she screamed his name over and over. Officer Holmes was the first one with her."
He pointed through an intact window to a uniformed female officer inside the shop.
"Woke up?"
"Fell down, hit her head while she was knifing the TV reporter, that Jayne Jacobs. You know, the brunette from that Halloween video that was all the rage few months ago with those kids."
"Oh, yeah, the demon and the angel. The barely dressed demon and angel. She was the Ca..."
"Hey, Shaw, you ok?"
She blinked, looked at her boss.
"Yeah, sorry. Where's the reporter?"
"On the way to the hospital, her camera crew had shown up, they're with her. I practically had to arrest her to make her go, wanted to interview everyone. All three still living perps on the way too, two of them will be there a while. One of the hostages fucked 'em up something fierce. Some sharp knife work."
"So I heard. Radio said they had three women, including that Jayne. How?"
He shrugged.
"The other two, including the ninja, in that restaurant across from the Broiler, end of the hall. Keeping 'em apart, just not letting them know it. I'll send you to talk to them, got officers keeping 'em busy. But that ninja. She's quite... something. Holmes will fill you in."
"Um, ok. Let me do this first," she slipped through the gap in the door and she and Holmes traded quick nods as Shaw walked toward the open door in the back wall. A police photographer with a pair of cameras emerged from the far room and offered her a grim smile as they passed. She stopped in the far doorway and felt the chilled air.
Two pools of blood to the left marked the spot where a prone victim had been. She knew that one, Tommy Robredo, aka, Nixon, was alive and expected to stay that way. Halfway across the room was a separate, small, pool of smeared blood, apparently Jayne's, also alive and her every thought around getting it on camera. Between the two smears and her doorway was the no longer alive Jake Jacobsen. The Wolfman. The coroner's techs had rolled him onto his back on a plasticized sheet and removed his mask. The others' masks, knives and gun had all been gathered, as had the two boxes, twenty pounds, of very pure cocaine, based on a quick field test. An impressive load even to her jaded crew.
She frowned and shook her head slightly, she couldn't help the sadness.
"What happened?"
"Fell through there," the tech pointed at the open hatch in the ceiling, "caught in the ladder. Neck's snapped cleanly. Woulda died instantly. We'll find out for sure but not much doubt."
"Any other injuries?"
"Not enough for you? Back of his head, must've hit the ladder during the fall. Way he fell, makes sense."
She nodded. The techs wrapped the body and lifted it. She stepped aside to let them carry it out to the stretcher in the hallway. She walked slowly into the room and scanned.
How? Tommy, Nixon as he styled himself, was a big, strong, nasty piece of work. It was possible that of the people who'd encountered him and his girlfriend Gail feared her even more, few in the City matched her viciousness pound for pound.
Shaw was surprised about Bonnie knifing the reporter. Tommy and Gail, they were happy with the brute work and Jed Miller's stroke had let them off their leashes but their victims to date hadn't been the kinds of people to file police reports. She'd known that couldn't last. But her undercover encounters with Bonnie and her Wolfman had made clear they were the sneaky ones who'd leave violence as a very last resort. They knew her as their former boss's brother Peter Miller's ex-teacher turned barely competent secretary who buttressed her income to pay for her borderline drug habit with occasional call girl stints. Who'd happened to help Bonnie escape the Halloween fire a few months ago.
Too late for that now. Since the Church fire she'd without fully conscious choice kept an eye on them, knew if their secret involvement in starting that Halloween fire ever came out they'd be dead. And she'd subtly encouraged them to grow enough confidence to walk away. Well, there was still the girl. Could Shaw nudge her now?
But that left a big question. How'd three 'nice' unarmed women turn the tables on this crew?
She looked up through the hatch. Looked at the ladder still on its side. Looked again at the intermittent trail of blood drops from where Nixon had been to a position near where Jayne must've been, based on the separate pool of smeared blood. Between the two spots those drops had come from a knife carried at a casual pace.
"You did what, Miss Washington?"
Shaw looked at the young, attractive redhead across from her in the booth in the restaurant they'd commandeered across the hall from the Broiler. It had been closed but the manager had still been there when the police had arrived and they'd used it as a forward post. The girl's hair was an unusual crimson-red Shaw hadn't seen much. She'd apparently had on a green wrap dress but now had only her coat on over her bra and panties but didn't seem interested in closing it up, her large breasts well displayed by the underwired demi-cups, plenty of smooth latte skin on display, smears where blood had been wiped only casually. Along with the blood-soaked dress they'd also collected her stockings but her bare legs still ended in ridiculous heels which also had blood spatters.
None of that blood hers.
"Just Asha, detective."
"Ok. Call me Joyce then."
Shaw knew a small bandage covered the redhead's right bicep. There was the beginning of a bruise on her right cheek and around a golden-irised eye which along with its twin showed sharp intelligence but her expression was soft. That same cheek maybe had a short and very straight well-healed cut but it appeared unrelated to the blow that had caused the bruise. She'd not emerged unscathed but compared to the damage she'd inflicted it was nothing.
"When the Wolfman fell, everyone jumped. Gail, Cleo, whatever her name is, had the gun. Tracy slipped away from Nixon but he had a knife. Cleo had a knife too. I wanted it and had to get the gun away. So while everyone was preoccupied I grabbed her arm and snapped it at the elbow."
"You practice that move?"
"Learned it years ago, never used it for real."
"Hand to hand training a hobby of yours? In those heels?"
"We, my brother and I, had weird parents..."
"You took the gun and knife off of her, right? Why'd you keep the knife?"
"I know how to use a knife. Figured Nixon could make a show of it but was pretty sure he hadn't really LEARNED how to use it. And I don't like guns. Tracy's a country girl so likely knew at least which was the dangerous end. Didn't know she thinks of guns when she rubs one out."
The young woman looked across at the thin brunette and Shaw followed her eyes. She was seated at a booth on the far wall with a uniformed female officer speaking to her. Indeed, Holmes' report said Tracy had quickly and efficiently safed the gun and turned it over when the initial officers had arrived.
"I was right, Nixon just figured he could outmuscle me. No way Cleo was going to do anything with her arm in two pieces and Jayne and Bonnie were having a snuggle on the floor. Once I had him we were clear."
"How'd you know no more guns?"
"Back in the Broiler Nixon had given his gun to Cleo. No way he'd have given it up if anyone else had one. So I knew, well, 99.99% sure, that was the only one."
"But why'd you go after him? Couldn't you have stood off? Pretty dangerous."
Asha looked across at Tracy before she answered in a quiet but ice cold voice.
"He put a knife to Tracy's throat. She's my friend. I wanted to open HIS throat but, well, the chance didn't come."
Shaw rifled through her notebook to gather her thoughts. Twenty, Uni junior. Accounting. Accounting? Not what she'd have guessed. Holmes' report said that both Asha and Tracy had been covered in plenty of blood but neither had appeared injured. Indeed. Tracy said hers was from treating the injured chef's life-threatening wound, a report confirmed not only by Jayne and Asha but also by the gang's leader, Nixon, as well as every witness in the pool of restaurant workers and others. But he'd been quite emphatic in stating that it was his blood all over the knife-fighting redhead. Neither she nor anyone else had disagreed.
A police forensics crew was already on scene, based on the original call mentioning kidnapping. Holmes offered to accompany Asha and Tracy to a rest room to collect their clothing but Asha had simply shrugged while they were surrounded by officers and paramedics treating the wounded and unhooked her wrap dress and slipped it off. She hadn't seemed to mind being the sudden focus of everyone's attention, but Holmes told Shaw the oddest part was she stared at Gail while she'd done it and had even seemed to pose. Two paramedics were working on that woman's snapped arm and she was seated and in between moans of pain she'd screamed 'be seeing you one of these nights, you redheaded cunt!'
"You can't afford me now, Gail, we'll have to give that a miss. What do you think, Mr. President?"
Apparently Tommy had kept his silence.
The dress in a bag, Holmes said she'd need the pantyhose too. Asha had simply shrugged, stepped out of her shoes and peeled them off. To more appreciative stares and more screaming from Gail.
"My coat's in the Broiler coat room, Officer," she'd said as she stood in a bra and panties, "can someone get it for me? Tracy's too. Or I'll go."
She'd retrieved the keys to the Broiler from the Wolfman's pocket where the women told them they were and she'd detailed an officer to go and meet the manager Valerie to get the coats. Holmes had already had a second officer take Bonnie to the hallway as she'd cried horribly and wouldn't stop when she'd woken up and seen the Wolfman's body.
Apparently prompted, Tracy had shrugged and pulled off her shirt for it to be bagged. With the incredibly curvy Asha willingly sucking up attention the petite girl had hardly been noticed. With the witnesses' statements Pearson had directed Holmes to let the brunette keep her slacks, they'd use the shirt to match the blood to the injured chef.
Once they had their coats, Pearson had sent them with officers to wait for fuller interviews in the restaurant across the hall from the Broiler. Tracy had pulled her coat on but Asha had simply held hers over a shoulder and strutted through the crowd of police and witnesses in the hall. Jayne's camera crew had been held back while paramedics treated the reporter's injury but they'd apparently filmed her, although that footage hadn't made the immediate reports. Shaw knew Holmes was a decade younger than her so closer to this redhead's age and she'd simply taken the younger officer's word that most of Asha's shapely ass had been revealed by her 'tanga' style panties. Shaw had also managed, she hoped, to hide her reaction to the definite glint in the eyes that showed the appreciation her colleague had for that shapely ass. As well as the fact that Shaw had no idea what 'tanga' panties actually looked like.
"You people better keep him," after a short pause Asha spoke in a low and harsh voice to draw Shaw out of her thoughts, "all of them, locked up a long time. This the second time that fucking gang's hassled her."
"Oh?"
"You don't remember... Last Thanksgiving, outside the dorms..."
"Oh, right. Jed Miller. Sorry, I was out of town all fall until just before Christmas, training course. But I've had some run-ins with this crew before. But that's ended now."
"Good. Now, can you keep that damned reporter away from us? She hassled Tracy months back and I know she's going to be after us."
Asha's smile was broad at that. Shaw laughed. Reporters were an unfortunate but sometimes useful part of her work.
"Probably not. After all, she played her part apparently."
"Yeah..."
Shaw felt Asha wanted to say more but the younger woman just stared somewhere above the detective's head.
"You guys happy you have our stories? Can I go over with Tracy now? Then can I see my boyfriend? I made him leave, bet he's still unhappy about that. But someone needed to call you lot in."
"Go..."
The redhead slid over and still didn't bother to do up her coat as she walked quickly as the brunette Tracy stood and they embraced. Tracy was cute and petite, she and Bonnie would never be mistaken for sisters but they'd have no problems sharing clothes although this one time they'd crossed paths made friendship unlikely. This brunette had been allowed to keep her blood-covered jeans but they'd taken her shirt to confirm the account of her first aid efforts and like the redhead she wore her coat over her bra. Like her curvier friend it was open. The view was much less expansive than that friend but the girl had a nicely-proportioned figure for her petite frame.
Shaw recalled the attack from the previous November, she was a lucky girl, her attacker stopped short by a near-fatal stroke that had turned a strapping six-foot plus gangster into a vegetable. And her familiarity with guns was nothing unusual for any child born and raised in this state. But the fact that the attacker was Peter Miller's brother. Shaw frowned at the coincidence.
Shaw slid out of the booth and stood. The redhead's coat covered her only to mid-thighs that were firm if just the far side of slender. Shaw pictured herself at that age and angle, the comparison apt. Now? Bit past thirty-five, but she felt she wasn't THAT far from the young woman.
But. Curves without end, seemingly soft flesh. How much strength did it take to snap Gail's arm? And how fast she'd moved and driven a knife into a man's muscular thigh wearing what, four, five inch heels. Through jeans and to the hilt according to the paramedic's report. As undercover vice Shaw had trained for self defense in heels, her then regular disguise, and knife fighting hadn't been part of it. She had trouble picturing this feat. Without those heels Red was five and a half feet of gorgeous and sexy young woman. With them she and Shaw with her low boot heels were eye to eye but even then the beauty and voluptuous curves were all that most any man, and most women, would ever see.
She wasn't JUST that. But what ELSE was she?
"Tracy, Asha," they looked at her, "wait here a few minutes, okay?"
They frowned but nodded. Shaw caught the eye of the young officer, not much older than her two charges, who nodded.
"Detective..."
She turned to her right as she exited the restaurant, saw a six foot tall, broad young man, the softness around his jowls implied a layer of padding over what was likely a decent build. Pearson had pointed him out, this was the boyfriend who'd slipped out and called the police but he'd handled his interview himself.
"Yeah, um... Dave, Dave Simpson, right?"
"Got me. Hey, can we talk?"
He looked around.
"Alone?"
Her head tilted but then she nodded. The restaurant staff and the other set of customers were being released. A handsome young man, taller and broader than this Dave or even Nixon and with a very tall young woman with intricate brunette braids and with incredibly pale skin looked over. She had very green eyes.
"Hey, Dave, you be okay?"
"I'll be fine Bobby. Hopefully these folks will let Asha and Tracy out soon."
"Good to meet you, Dave, sorry this happened. We're going to the hospital, check up on Jayne. Give our love to Asha and Tracy."
Shaw twisted her head slightly. The tall woman's voice was smooth but her accent was strange. Shaw fancied her ability to suss out accents but this one escaped placement. Her expression showed concern but her words were... flat.
"Give me a call tomorrow, Bobby, Anna, let us know how she is."
"Oh, she'll be on tomorrow's news shows no matter what," Anna, the tall woman said with a slight and strange laugh. They waved and walked toward the parking garage entrance. Shaw led Dave a half-dozen steps in the opposite direction.
"Didn't Pearson take your statement?"
"What? Older guy? Fifties? Yeah, he did. Not that. You're the teacher, right? Peter's teacher? Peter Miller?"
Shaw took a moment to register his words, her mouth opened in a small 'o' before she nodded.
"You were at the Church. And... well, you spent the night together right?"
"That was five years ago..."
"He was my best friend, pretty well. We were undergrads together, I'm a grad student now. I was with him at the Church. But I got out with Anna and Cat. He told me to never talk to you. I've never even told Asha about the Church. He told me he'd shown Anna to you, that you saw her and Laurel and Hardy."
Shaw hid her reaction. She hadn't recognized Dave's name when he'd been pointed out. But now it came back to her. She'd looked into Peter's friends at the time, had discounted them. Including this Dave Simpson. But. Tracy's attack. Now, this?
"Of course he did. That's ok, I believe you. But I'm sorry, I don't know what happened to him when he disappeared."
"I think I know someone who does... well, maybe more than one."
Shaw again hid her reaction. Let him talk. Another silent 'oh.'
"One of my undergrad students, Chris, him and his girlfriend. They're... odd. They think they know who took him and Carole."
"How do they know that?"
"That satellite that crashed. They found more. It's them. Aliens."
"Satellite? You mean the asteroid or meteorite?"
"Talk to them. They're, um, committed. Did a press conference and everything. And one more."
"Who?"
"Cat. Oh. Jayne. The reporter. She was Anna's driver that night. And she was with Carole and Peter the day before they disappeared. And she's the one that filmed us this past Halloween. Me, I was there, and Chris and his girlfriend. She was the succubus."
Falling, Falling, Falling
"Someone pushed him," Bonnie Baxter said firmly, she hit the table with her fist. Her eyes were rimmed in deep red and tears of anger and grief covered her cheeks and drops hit her orange jail jumpsuit. This wasn't her first visit to an interview room, but she'd never been in orange before. All of the members of their little gang had on a few occasions been hauled in but never before had any substantial charges been likely to stick. Shaw knew they'd dealt harder drugs before their attempt at the big score at the Broiler but Wolfie was good, neither she nor Brenda nor their colleagues had caught him or the others in possession of anything but trivial amounts of grass, a couple of slaps on the wrists and off they went. Gail had skated away from a few potentially serious assault charges when male victims she'd beaten senseless had refused cooperation. But this case was about as slam dunk as it could get.
"Who was up there? Wasn't he the last one?"
"I wasn't on the roof. Someone must've been hiding, followed."
"Bonnie," Joyce Shaw said softly, "no one saw or heard anyone up there after Jake fell. He must've stumbled. You're in trouble, but well, you can help yourself. I know Tommy and Gail drove this."
Bonnie's right hand reached across her chest and scratched at the back of her neck on the left side. Shaw took it as a sign of the young woman's nerves.
"Our ticket out, me and Jake. Gail found out about what that Stan idiot was doing, Tommy was all in, we'd pull this, skip town, sell it all, split the money. Those two been nuts since... since Jed and that little college slut. His stroke. But we needed enough money... get away from them. Set up on our own somewhere new."
Bonnie had taken a few moments when she'd entered the room to recognize Shaw as the woman who'd helped rescue her and then had met her on odd occasions, always as a buyer of drugs or as a call girl disguised as an office drone. Her grief was about to turn to anger at the perceived betrayal when Shaw had disarmed her.
"I'm sorry Bonnie, that I wasn't able to save Jake."
Shaw had learned about the planning, but little about the players and the kidnapping. Bonnie had waited in the empty store that was being remodeled until she'd heard the pre-arranged knocks and had opened the hatch. Had the original plan worked out and the gang had slipped out of the Broiler without the hostages they'd have called her on the phone the construction company had in the store and she'd have sneaked back down the service stairs on that side of the mall where the cameras had been disabled.
"Why'd you cut the reporter, Bonnie?"
"What? Oh, the TV bitch. I didn't... mean to. When Jake fell we all jumped, I was next to her... it was an accident. That's all I remember until you cops were there and I woke up."
"Your neck okay? You keep scratching it."
"I don't know. Itches."
"Turn your head."
Bonnie turned her head. Shaw saw a reddish, oval spot a couple of inches on the long side overlaid by deeper red scratches from the girl's short fingernails. The story had been she and Jayne had tumbled and Bonnie had stabbed her then hit her head as they fell. But the paramedics hadn't reported any bruises.
"Ok, thanks. Maybe it's a bite," Shaw said but she didn't believe it. But she had no other explanation.
"I'll tell the DA you've been helpful Bonnie, I'll do what I can. And I'll see you're kept away from Tommy and Gail once they're out of the hospital. But, you'll have to help me deal with those two. Jake would still be here but for them."
The young woman took a deep breath, nodded.
Shaw walked away from the interview room as a uniformed officer entered to take Bonnie back to her cell. That distraught young woman claimed to not know the parties beyond that chef Stan at the Broiler and so far Tommy and Gail had refused to talk. But Stan wasn't a real criminal. Brenda was running down a couple of the leads he'd blabbered. Using amateurs and an indirect channel through a new and upscale restaurant's kitchen appeared to be aimed at avoiding the Mongrels as much as the police. The bikers didn't like touching the drugs but they 'taxed' those who did for the 'right' to move and sell on Mongrel 'territory.'
Stan and his friend Alan who'd been hired as the morning guy at the Broiler to receive the coke planted in the fish most Fridays were fine amateur patsies, unfamiliar with the 'unwritten rules' of the local underworld. That insulated the real powers a bit, forced the police and other criminals to chase ghosts. The driver that delivered the fish was the same and had skipped town but he was of little matter. They had APBs in neighboring states, he'd turn up, no record of violence, no experience staying hidden. They'd all just figured it was a way to make some easy cash and hey, they weren't the ones actually selling or using the drugs.
The pieces would fall in place. The question now, would the police get to the real players first. Or would the bikers.
She had little expectation this would do anything in the long run. The drugs themselves she knew deep down weren't the crux of the problem. It was the crap around it, like a group of thugs busting into a restaurant and taking bystanders hostage.
Only the combination of a clumsy young man and a seemingly combat-trained young woman had kept almost everyone alive and ended things quickly.
But she'd surveilled that young man. He wasn't clumsy. Underground rumor held him and his cute little faux-flapper girl had used a six inch tenth floor ledge about eighteen months earlier to get into a window to steal materials other rumors held were now being used to blackmail some high local religious figure. No such robbery nor blackmail had ever been reported but if the rumors were accurate that wasn't surprising.
Everyone had made it up once and all but him down without mishap, including two women in wild heels and slinky dresses.
And that redhead. The reporter Jayne Jacobs had kicked her own fame up another notch or two with her extended stories about her personal experience and the heroics of the twice-endangered Tracy and her no-longer-secret ninja friend Asha. A pair of very reluctant heroines beyond stripping to their underwear in public.
Filming mostly-naked college students for Halloween had moved Jayne in front of the cameras. Covering that attack on Tracy and her incredible escape a month later had lit the fuse but her ability to make Jed's criminal family almost sympathetic after she revisited the disappearance of his brother Peter Miller, the one member of that family seemingly on a path to legal success, had been the takeoff. It had convinced Shaw the reporter was very good. Even if it had saddened the detective to revisit his sudden vanishing. But Shaw had noted Jayne hadn't included mention of her tangential involvement in Peter's life just before he and Carole disappeared.
Why? She used the personal angle to great effect in the Broiler coverage. Had she learned from her work these last few months?
Shaw also needed to know more about that beautiful and curvy redhead. Her fighting skills made her enough of a wildcard. That her boyfriend was Shaw's one-night lover Peter Miller's best friend... and that boyfriend also connected her to a pair of UFO-crazed oddballs obsessed with finding that disappeared lover... Wrapped around them was an up-and-coming reporter with a possible hidden past.
A disadvantage of being a detective. You were always trying to connect dots.
But these dots just screamed they needed to be connected.
Just over a week later Shaw paused outside of Bill 'n Ada's entrance. They'd chosen... this place? She thought back to her college days. Sure, you ate at places like this. Her family had arrived in this city when she was a teen a couple of decades ago and this dive diner had been old and decrepit even then but in the years before and since her arrival had never closed, not even when a couple of small fires had forced adjustments on the kitchen staff. Uniformed officers knew the place as a last resort for sustenance in the wee hours or a place from which to haul off the odd verbal jousters who'd abandoned words for fists although by the time the police arrived the staff had usually dealt with them in vigorous fashion.
But for this meeting? When they'd been told someone else was paying?
"You said they're strange, Dave," she said aloud to the imaginary informant beside her. She'd not been here since her days in vice, a disguised hooker or call girl to meet a 'client' or just off the clock around 3:00 or 4:00 a.m. Now, it was 10:15 on a chilly last day of February Friday night. Just like she'd been told. A quick check had shown neither of the pair had come to the attention of officialdom beyond the boy having a commercial driver's license. He also drove an old Ford. No records for the girl from out of state.
Intriguingly, Peter Miller had also had a commercial driver's license. And he'd driven an old Ford. And both were computer science majors.
No one else on the force knew of this meeting except Brenda who she'd told about it but had turned down her friend's offer to accompany her, told her fellow freshly-minted junior detective to spend a rare Friday night off with her new husband. This was personal. The one minute phone call that had arranged this meeting had ended "you'll know us."
After Dave's statement at the Broiler, she'd asked around and unsurprisingly had little trouble finding a copy of the infamous Halloween video report. Apparently half of the police force had personal copies and even plenty of stills had been produced 'in case they're needed in investigations' along with the video copies in the force's photo processing lab.
Shaw had seen but paid little attention to the original airing where Jayne, in a skin-tight Cat costume, had recorded a group of costumed Uni students. Barely costumed Uni students. The tall and well-built black-winged succubus who couldn't move without exposing her tits and pussy since she'd apparently forgotten to wear any underwear under her barely there skirt and open shirt. Her leashed 'prey' in leather jeans so tight you could see the veins on his cock. And the white-haloed redheaded angel whose skirt was barely an inch longer than the demon's and her figure almost as impressive.
She'd paused the video and had found Dave in the background as well as the tall couple from the Broiler, Bobby and Anna, likewise not centers of attention. But the redhead of the video hadn't been the redhead, Asha, from the Broiler. Nor was her little friend Tracy in the video. Just like she couldn't explain the connection of Asha to Tracy, how Dave then got pulled in was all to be sussed out.
Dave had said the girlfriend was the succubus. So. The taller and black-haired one of the two young women who'd surrounded her target boy. She entered the diner. And was certain.
The last booth, along the right wall. The section without windows. Past any sort of dinner time but the bars didn't close for a couple of hours so otherwise just a handful of parties and none were even near matches for her targets. A waitress with a glass coffee carafe in each hand stood next to the couple's booth and three sets of eyes turned onto her as they all laughed at some joke.
Shaw maintained a friendly but not broad smile as she approached them.
"Coffee, dear?" The waitress lifted one of the carafes quickly.
"No thanks, Rose," Shaw read the name tag, "but I'll have tea if you have it."
"Can do." She strode toward the other diners on her resupply run.
Shaw's trained eye tried to be casual as she looked over her targets. But it was hard.
The young woman on the outer half of the booth bench, the boy at her left arm. She was in jeans, plain but snug jeans. And a red blouse. A too small red blouse. A way too tight very see through red blouse. With no bra. They weren't tiny either, not huge, not like the knife-fighting redhead at the Broiler, but decent. Perfectly round. Exactly what had been implied but only just flashed in the Halloween video.
But. To be barely dressed for Halloween? That was one thing, Shaw recalled costumes she and friends had dared. But here? The girl was a demon.
And it was obvious she didn't need a bra. Even at that age, Shaw thought, mine didn't do that. And she'd always been proud of her figure. It had been a weapon during her days in vice and she worked hard to keep it.
So did these two, it seemed. The young man wasn't unlike Peter in build it seemed, his brown hair and firm face matched, unlike his instructor Dave he didn't seem to have extra padding. The young woman was padded but the firm abs visible through that blouse made clear that padding was only in the right places.
And that girl. Black curls and waves started on top of her head to fall over her shoulders and onto her back. A lustrous sheen showed through despite the fact she apparently didn't own brushes or combs. But Shaw's eyes stayed too long on the two red-black horns whose points jutted from that hair. Again. They'd been there for Halloween. Tonight?
She caught their smiles, victorious smiles that they'd won this first round by unsettling her before she'd even sat down.
Then she saw the red-black shape on the bench along the girl's right thigh. It had a triangular point.
A devil's tail.
Shaw's last two steps were on autopilot.
"Joyce Shaw, we presume?"
The girl's voice had a tremolo that Shaw wasn't sure was real or put on. She'd used similar in various of her roles of pretend seduction. With her shoulders squared and her firm posture and that shirt, the effect was impressive.
"That's me, you're Mel, I take it?"
"Mel Caldicott," she extended her right arm and Shaw took it, "join us."
"Chris Bajevic," the young man followed suit and she shook his hand across the table, "you're Dave's friend?"
"Not so much Dave's friend as Peter's. Peter Miller's."
She'd hoped to regain initiative with that but it was clear from their muted reactions that Dave had preempted her before Chris continued.
"And you're a detective, Joyce?"
"Yes. But this is personal. Not official business."
"We'd noticed from what few articles that were in the press you'd not taken his disappearance all that seriously," Mel tried to keep her voice neutral but there was a hint of accusation in it and those dark eyes bored into Shaw. She was held by them for a moment, the irises so dark she couldn't separate them from the pupils. Those eyes glittered and Shaw looked away before she fell into those pits.
"Don't confuse the official response to what I and others might've felt. I wasn't in position back then to force anything. I tried but there are things I didn't know. Like who Cat was. Is."
"The reporter who doesn't report on herself," Chris laughed, looked up as Rose brought Joyce a mug of hot water and the ubiquitous tea bag.
"You three be wanting food tonight?"
"Just a plate of fries, you want to share some, Joyce? They have pretty decent chocolate cake, too. Best kept secret in town."
She shrugged, if that was true it indeed was the best kept secret in town.
"No dessert for us, he owes me ice cream," Mel bumped her shoulder into Chris and smiled at him, Dave had said they were a couple, clear unless they were the best actors she'd met, but further explanation wasn't forthcoming. Rose walked off with a light laugh.
"So why are you two interested in Peter? I know you're in comp sci like he was, Chris, but you're too young to have met him, right?"
"This one, mostly," Chris nodded at Mel, who smiled softly, "I introduced her to friends as 'my demon' and well, everyone made me explain that."
"He saw through my disguise of just being a girl from North Dakota," Mel said, a slight rasp apparently natural Shaw concluded but the girl knew how to wield it too, "and so now I just let the horns and tail show. But back then..."
The 'North Dakota' mention surprised Shaw. Like that state, plenty of locals descended from Scandinavian immigrants but assayed a much mellower form of that northern inflection. But this 'demon' offered no vocal clue to that heritage. And her boy's smooth not quite baritone had none of the local version. But both of their olive skin tones and dark hair argued against much of that Northern European blood in either background.
"It was Dave's fault," Chris picked up the tale. His eyes were not as dark, a mahogany brown but they shone with the same intelligence, and what seemed a general shared whimsy, as the demon girl.
"Dave? I know he's one of your TAs..."
"He said Peter always called that Carole girl 'my succubus.' His demon. So after they disappeared it sort of became tradition that on the rare occasions us CS guys got beautiful girlfriends they became 'our demons.' So this one..."
"But apparently Dave's not so happy about that anymore," Mel shrugged, "he said Asha didn't react well to it. But they all call me 'devil girl' so it's okay for me."
Ah. The combat-trained redhead thought Shaw. She would set some rules.
"But how does that---," Shaw started.
"Getting there," Chris said, "when we were looking up info to work out the orbit of that crashed satellite Mel looked up Peter and Carole in the newspaper microfiche. There wasn't much. It was like they disappeared into thin air and there's never been word from them and hardly anyone even noticed. We even found his ex-housemates, talked to them just after Thanksgiving. They've never heard anything, are certain he'd have dropped them a line if he could."
"And his family," Mel picked up the thread, "is pretty crap. But I guess you know all about them..."
Shaw snorted, nodded.
"But why do you keep talking about 'that satellite' that crashed? It was just a meteor."
The two youngsters looked at each other and Mel poked her chin at the pile of their coats between Chris and the wall. He reached over and revealed a small pack, opened it and pulled out a video cassette and handed it across.
"Watch this. It'll explain it. But hide that, don't take it out until you're at home. And make sure your blinds are closed. But, there are two more still in orbit, we proved it."
Shaw raised an eyebrow but she'd dealt with informants before, decided that was the best way to proceed here. She slipped the cassette into the small bag she'd been told to bring. He followed with an enlarged picture and set it on the table.
"See this fuzzy line?" Mel traced her finger across what Shaw recognized as Jupiter. It took her a few moments but then she saw it, an arc across the lower quarter of the planet.
"My drudge here took this when we were up in the Uintas," Chris snorted at Mel's description, "we have others but this one is about the best. That tape is our press conference last September at Mt. Mallomar observatory with their astronomers. These satellites are almost invisible. We have theories how they do that, but well, not go into that here.."
"Press conference? Never made the news..."
"Of course not. Black Cloud here blew up a star the same day we did it. That's all the news cared about."
Mel reached over and play-punched Chris on the shoulder at that. Shaw heard a laugh over her shoulder and turned, saw Rose set the plate of fries down in the center of the table.
"Refills?" Chris and Mel both shook their heads at their half-full Coke glasses. Rose left them as she carried a second plate to her next stop.
"Black Cloud?" Shaw edged toward the opinion that junkies made more sense than these two.
"First night I was in town, he takes me up to a park on the hills to show me the lights across the valley. He'd made me get my tits out and was molesting me when we saw the flaming satellite fly across the sky."
"Molest?" Shaw said slowly.
"That's ok, I was molesting him back."
"Right. Sure. That was, what, late June?"
"Yup."
Shaw thought back. Like most others, she'd been surprised to learn the force had moldy folders describing assistance protocols had a city been hit. But they hadn't been needed as it crashed in about as empty a spot as could be found in the country. That had been lucky. Then the army had declared it a radioactive no go zone.
"So he's Black Cloud. Even his family calls him that. He crashed a satellite and blows up stars because he knows I'm obsessed with astronomy and it turns me on so he can get into my pants."
Shaw smiled, sipped her tea. It was cooling. These two were... entertaining. Insane, but entertaining. That star, the supernova, had been all over the news back in September. It had caused issues with satellites and ozone and still caused intermittent interference for their radios. Only that last issue was ever on her mind. Chris returned the photo to his pack.
"This is all wild," Shaw said, "but what does it all have to do with Peter and Carole?"
"The aliens, the ones in those satellites, kidnapped him. Carole was helping them."
Chris picked up the discussion while Shaw stared open-mouthed at the pair.
"With the Mallomar folks we worked out they've been up there ten years or so. But they'd have had us under observation lots longer, probes and the like. We don't know for sure where they're from--"
"I'm pretty sure I know where," Mel said firmly, "that star that blew up. They're from there, escaping. Need a new home. Earth."
"But they need more info about us humans. Why not recruit beautiful spies like Carole. Succubesses. They seduce men like Peter, who are smart, know all of our technology and don't have families who'll make a big fuss if they disappear."
Shaw sipped again at her tea while the pair munched on fries and sucked up their cokes. She thought back on what she'd found about Carole. Almost nothing. Orphan, suspected of prostitution in Colorado but nothing definite before she'd come to the Uni. She'd just seemed to be a student who, like Peter, had overcome some rough times. But Peter's description of her appearance and her behavior didn't deny this theory.
"But why kidnap him? If they have invisible satellites can't they just spy?"
"They have plans," Mel's voice was again firm.
Chris rummaged in his pack again, glanced around and pulled out some pictures. He put the first one down, she recognized them as the couple from the Broiler incident. Dave's friends, the tall, broad man and his almost as tall dark haired girlfriend with the ridiculously pale skin and strange voice in what she guessed were Halloween costumes, he a barbarian with a huge sword strapped across his back, she was a red, white and blue Amazon warrior in knee-high boots. Near naked, his muscled six-foot plus frame was clear and impressive, she gave away only a couple of inches and her figure was even more impressive in what was little more than a bustier and all of that exposed skin was indeed pale, very pale, like she'd never exposed it to the sun. The odd set of her eyes reminded Shaw of her strange accent, her heritage and upbringing had to be some exotic mix.
"Anna...," Shaw said softly.
"The guy is our friend Bobby and yeah, that's his girlfriend Anna. She claims her parents were church missionaries and she was born in Africa and grew up with them moving around the world until they finally settled in Nashville when she was a teen."
"Ok," Shaw said as she looked at the couple's picture, "I couldn't place her accent because she has too many, that upbringing would do it."
"But that's just a story. She's an alien. From another planet."
"Um, what?" Shaw's head snapped to look at Mel, her thoughts hadn't implied anything THAT exotic.
"She calls herself 'Anna Miller,'" Mel said, "and we're pretty sure she drives Peter's old Boss 351 Mustang. Carole was helping them somehow make women like her. Because..."
Chris shuffled that picture and exposed a second one before she could interject about their claim. Shaw's jaw dropped when she saw it. She was glad Chris spoke because she couldn't.
"We're guessing," Chris said, "they look like this. So somehow they're altering themselves or humans. We don't know yet."
"Anna...," Shaw finally mastered her voice.
The photo was from their waists, and apparently, a male on the left from her view and a female around whose shoulders the male's left arm rested. At least, the one had breasts, under some sort of beige short-sleeved one-piece jumpsuit garments. The bodies were reasonably human in proportion and shape except for their faces and skin. The female was maybe an inch shorter but no scale, the background an unmarked gray wall but her trained guess had the male a couple of inches short of six feet by proportions. The female's hair was more red than blonde but still a mixture, the male's closer to brown, both cut short. That same cat's nose that she remembered from five years back, the pointed ears, almost no lips. The eyes were more oval than round and had no whites, both sets of eyes were... golden. They had golden eyes. Neither had a port wine stain but what pale skin she could see had a very subtle pattern, like paisley cloth but not colored, just striations. Each had some sort of watch on their left wrists.
Like Anna had worn those years ago.
"Anna? Anna was the other picture...," Mel said, for the first time not assured.
"No," Shaw said, her composure recovered, "five years ago Halloween. Peter wasn't with Carole but was with a woman named Anna. Another Anna. Has Dave seen this?"
"Um, no," Chris said slowly, "just our friend Sam. She used to just think we're crazy, now she knows we are. My other two housemates know most of the story but haven't seen this either."
Shaw chuckled and put her finger on the female in the picture.
"That first Anna looked like this, mostly. She had..."
Shaw's voice trailed off as a mood somewhere between anger and sadness welled up.
"It was Halloween," she snapped, "everyone thought it was a costume. Long hair, strawberry blonde. And Peter told me she had heterochromia, two different colored eyes, one was green, and a port wine stain. Here."
She rubbed her left cheek.
"She had this same kind of reddish-blonde hair, but more blonde than this picture, and longer. Months before he disappeared. He was really attracted to her. He... had a thing about heterochromia. And she had great tits," Shaw continued, "so ok, your friend, this new Anna, I saw her and Bobby at the Broiler. She does have one hell of a rack."
"Mine are pathetic next to hers," Mel sniffed, "and apparently Dave doesn't think I compare to Carole's either!"
"And Jayne, the Cat," Chris added, "she's got a hell of a set too."
At that Mel's elbow in his ribs forced out a grunt but he laughed.
"Dave swears," Shaw said slowly, "that Jayne was disguised as a Cat and was Anna's driver that Halloween way back when."
"She makes a great Cat! And she was with Carole," Mel said, "the day before they disappeared."
"But since she filmed us she seems like she's avoiding us," Chris said, "but we know she and Anna hang out."
"Yeah," Shaw said, "they were at the Broiler together during that robbery and all that."
"Oh, yeah, Bobby told us about it. He was really pissed he didn't get to take anyone down."
"Probably for the best," Shaw's best voice of Authority, "but how the hell did you get this picture?"
"It's my birthday party tomorrow night," Chris said, "come to our place and we'll show you. It's kinda, well, sensitive. But it's a costume party."
"And we're being watched," Mel said firmly, "need to be careful. I mean, I like people watching, I even like the aliens watching us, you know, but for some things..."
Shaw took a moment to mull the girl's statement, glanced at the barely obscured nipples, and laughed lightly. Yes, the girl, both of them, liked people watching. She knew the parties they'd be VERY popular at.
"How?"
"They have invisible, well, stealth, little probes. About the size of soccer balls, they fly around and can hover in one spot."
Chris shuffled the pictures once more, revealed a fuzzy, out of focus landscape.
"I know what I'm doing with a camera," Chris said, "I took the space pictures. But this is all I get trying to get these damn spy balls."
"Shit...," was all Shaw managed. She'd have dismissed all of this but these pictures connected her dots with thick black lines. Who would've guessed fuzzy, out of focus shapes would be the linchpins?
She had a nice bottle of Cab-Sav at home, it was a night in with that or a party with a bunch of Uni students. Including at least one maybe alien, it seemed, and maybe an alien spy.
"Wait," Shaw said, "these are invisible?"
"It's stealth, not really invisibility," Chris said, "hard as hell to see but not impossible. We've only ever seen one at a time, no idea how many but they seem to check us out now and again."
"Like I said, given 'em a couple of shows," Mel's rasp deepened and her hand shifted high on Chris's left thigh, "they stuck around until we were finished. Probably got that on continuous loop somewhere."
Shaw blinked and shook her head, grinned but went serious.
"Think they follow this new Anna around? If she is what you say?"
The pair nodded, Mel added, "probably sometimes at least."
"Like at the Broiler? I can't explain why a nimble young sneak thief slash drug dealer fell through a roof hatch. Broke his neck."
"Yeah, Jayne's reports mentioned that."
"Could've been an accident. But he had some wound on the back of his head. Autopsy said he probably hit it on the ladder when he broke his neck. But I wonder. If one of those hit him on the back of the head, could they do that?"
Mel and Chris looked at each other then back at her.
"I'd guess," Chris said slowly, "pretty sure they're likely metal of some sort. Might be heavy, use some sort of anti-gravity. They fly, don't float like balloons."
Shaw finished her tea to take time to think.
"Thanks."
Maybe someone would hold up a bank or something and she could forget all this and just chase normal criminals. Not aliens apparently intent on invading Earth.
A Masqued Ball

[March 1, 1986]

Shaw stood next to her car and looked into the shadowy realm of the forested Bonneville Glen lit only by the parking lot streetlights. Chris and Mel claimed they'd found a spot in that maze-like grove that climbed the hillside that Peter and Carole had frequented. It had been searched half a decade ago. 'Nothing had been found.' These kids had snorted and said 'we're better.'
One more promise for a late winter evening that was dry and even a few degrees above freezing.
She'd parked here and as she made the short walk to the house didn't see Anna's Mustang. The VIN Chris had given her had checked out, it had been Peter's. Repainted now from Chris's description, the ownership since his disappearance had been a confused string of trusts which trailed into other trusts, some associated with the First Presleyterian Church of the Divine Pompadour before landing with one Anna Miller. Except for that church she'd heard of such trusts from other investigators mainly concerned with financial fraud or high-society divorce cases. Not for the only real asset a dirt poor college student owned. She'd been pleased Peter had acquired it legally and rebuilt the engine himself to make it roadworthy according to the seller whom she'd contacted. But she'd need to engage an expert to unwind this hairball and if she did that questions would be asked. Unwanted questions.
Maybe a direct question to the current owner would get a straight answer, after all, Mel and Chris had told her that strange young woman claimed a connection to that church. Shaw had been told Jayne too had been invited but she'd be late, she didn't have this Saturday night off. Scuttlebutt from the Broiler investigation said she might be on the way to that nationwide cable-only news channel soon, her profile was so bright.
The sounds of Shaw's footfalls were clear from her boots, her 'costume' was an unneeded Class B uniform, it was old and had been loose but now snug but not uncomfortable. The low boots weren't regulation. She'd also left her service weapon in its safe in the trunk but had a revolver in an ankle holster, the slightly flared trousers had been designed with that in mind. She hoped she wouldn't need it but there were enough wild cards in play she figured better safe than sorry. She'd left behind other accessories as well and had only a pair of handcuffs latched onto her belt, mostly to add to the effect of the 'costume' but of practical use as well.
Just in case.
What might neighbors think of a uniformed officer showing up? It'd be the talk of this cute street full of good houses and nice families for a while, she hoped.
She had no plans to get drunk and undercover experience had taught her how to stretch a single drink to last most of the night and make it look like she'd had a few. Mel had also promised her that there might be 'options' if she didn't want to go home alone. Yes, that girl would be very welcome at certain parties. Maybe she should dump the force and rep her and her boy to such reprobates as held those parties.
"Oh, uh, Officer," said the very cute redhead a few inches shorter than her who opened the door after Shaw rang the doorbell. She was curvy and had a high-necked long diaphanous white gown with lots of creases, white flats and a halo. The sounds of conversations behind her but out of sight.
"I'm Joyce, Joyce Shaw, Chris and Mel invited me," she told the angel. As the gown shifted with her movement it was obvious she had a g-string on under it. And nothing else. Oh hell, it was THAT kind of party. She should've worn some of her old undercover vice gear.
Shaw smiled. The angel. From the video. This was the same girl. Just a different costume.
"I was told it's a costume party, unless that's what you wear every Saturday," Shaw offered her best undercover smile as the redhead's face worked through a couple of expressions before she nodded.
"Oh, yeah, sorry, your costume is very, um, authentic, I'm Sam. My uncle and cousin are both police officers in San Francisco."
Lost my undercover mojo, thought Shaw, not even in the door and someone's already made me. She'd deftly handled any manner of criminals but once again this crew had managed to easily throw her off balance.
"Oh, hey, come in," Sam stepped back and Shaw entered and looked around. A thin young woman almost as tall as Shaw and with very short sandy slicked back hair and wearing a tuxedo met her and reached out a hand.
"Teresa," she said as Shaw took her hand, "Teresa Bond."
"Joyce Shaw. I brought a bottle of wine, I guess some of you are old enough."
She handed it to Teresa.
"Most of us. Except Mel. She's crazy enough without it. Ah, I like Cab Sav, and it's in a bottle! Geez Sam, you're from California and you never bring me wine in actual glass bottles. Just boxes."
The redhead stuck out her tongue and blew a loud raspberry.
Shaw looked around. Yes. This was where the Halloween video had been filmed. This room. Teresa seemed familiar. Most likely she'd been another in the background. But she didn't recognize anyone else but Teresa called someone over.
"Terry, c'here," a young man that Shaw immediately guessed was at least the secret agent's brother and possibly a twin turned his head, same thin build and sandy hair, and excused himself from his conversation with a couple of other guys about his age. His only concession to a costume was what looked like an old rugby jersey and faded jeans. She quickly reran her memory of the video.
"Terry Bingham, Joyce Shaw," the two shook hands, "Terry, show Joyce around and take her to Chris and Mel. And since Pam's not coming..."
Terry exhaled quickly at that and his eyes flashed at his sister but then he managed a sad smile.
"Think they're upstairs, we'll work our way there."
"Thanks," Shaw said and she followed the young man.
"Is she really a cop?" Shaw heard Teresa.
"Yup...,' Sam said and then Terry led her to a landing where one staircase went up and the other down and they could see into the kitchen.
"Plenty of drinks in the fridge in the kitchen or just outside this door there's a keg."
As soon as he took a breath she asked "Pam?"
It was Shaw's best 'I'm your friend' voice, her eye twitched when she realized it but too late now. The young man looked at her, seemingly surprised.
"My girlf..., ex. Ex-girlfriend. My sister shouldn't have..."
"Sorry," she kept the tone but it became heartfelt, "it doesn't get easier, believe me, but, we, well, make do. And ya know, siblings, can't live with 'em, mostly can't shoot 'em!"
He laughed morosely before their attention turned as a dark-haired whirlwind charged up the stairs.
"Shit," Shaw's voice was barely audible, then she turned, Terry also stared open-mouthed at the sight.
Mel looked up and stopped a third of the way before the top of the stairs from the basement, glossy black wings flapped behind her and Shaw saw the tip of the devil's tail swing. She had on the craziest platform heels Shaw could remember, and she'd seen some wild ones these last few years on vice, black and red and at least two inches in front and six or more in back but Shaw's shock was doubled at the thought of how fast the girl had come up the stairs. She had on black thigh-high stockings with red garter straps under a tiny black skirt with red pleats. Above the hip-hugging waistband was taut, bare flesh until the bottom of an unbuttoned and too-small black, long sleeved blazer that only intermittently covered her gravity-defying chest and didn't even reach to mid-abdomen with no shirt or bra under it.
"You made it, Joyce! And, you look very authentic," Mel said as she took the last few steps and Shaw had to lean her head back to look her in the eyes, not a feeling the policewoman was used to.
"Best I could do on short notice," she grunted as Mel took her in a tight hug, once the surprise wore off she returned it. The wings maybe were part of the girl...
"I'll be around, it's beer-thirty, sure you're ok?" Terry said as he tapped the side of his hand to his forehead, a big smile on his face as he glanced at Mel then back at Shaw.
"Thanks, fine for now," she told him and he pulled the door open and stepped out.
"C'mon," Mel released the hug, "Chris is upstairs and we have something to show you. But we'll save the other surprise for later."
"Lead on."
Mel smiled and again left Shaw amazed as the girl quickly ascended the stairs. She followed but stopped on the third step and simply watched. Everything that Halloween video had promised but hadn't delivered was live and a few steps above her on the stairs.
The girl had no underwear on, with a skirt that barely covered her ass. Shaw saw a strip of black pubic hair between the demon's legs, 'the cuffs match the collar' Shaw thought. Shit. First the redhead, now this one. She'd gone to college with some wild ones but this crowd...
She thought again about certain parties around town.
Most of the way up the stairs Mel glanced back and Joyce felt her face flush when the girl's expression went 'got ya!' The demon's laughter was clear as she made it to the top of the stairs and turned left. Shaw chastised herself and climbed quickly.
She turned into what was a large rec room with a very large television against the far wall. She'd been right the previous night, Dave had some padding but Chris was lithe, solid, firm muscle as she saw him from behind as he worked on a VCR near the TV. His second-skin leather pants showed an ass... Then she realized Mel had caught her again and stood with the tip of her tongue caught between her teeth.
"It's really impressive, isn't it?"
Shaw didn't so much hear the demon's rasp as she felt it in her core, she'd thought the voice was attention-getting at the diner. But here? It was a weapon. Chris had on a tight sleeveless vest and turned, his arms weren't thick but his shoulders and chest were nothing but taut muscle.
"Oh, hey, hi Joyce. Just setting up the VCR to record the news, apparently our favorite reporter gets a prime slot recapping all about the Broiler and plenty of other things this gang's been doing. Including that assault by their old boss up at the dorms. Anna wants us to record it since we'll all be busy."
From the front those jeans promised something... more. It had been impressive on video. But here? Oh hell. It's been way too long, Shaw thought. Think... about... something... else.
"Um, yeah, Jayne interviewed a few of us officers, we like to cooperate when it's a cautionary tale. I had the impression Asha and Tracy weren't very, oh, cooperative."
Shaw fought to keep her eyes on the two young people's eyes and this discussion was just what the doctor ordered. Until she saw Mel unhook something from her waist. It was the leash. She attached it to a hook on a leather strap she just realized Chris had around his neck. Oh hell. THIS kind of party too.
The demonic creature led them across the landing to a door. Chris pulled a key out of a snug pocket and opened the door and the pair ushered Shaw into what was a large bedroom, a desk along the far wall with a computer on it the only unusual piece of furniture. Mel led Chris and they pulled the door closed then she pulled him to a pair of bookshelves attached to the wall and he grabbed a Coke can.
"Take a look at this," he said as he offered the can to Shaw.
Shaw rotated the can. The top had never been popped but it had apparently exploded outward, a jagged metal split from the top and down a third the length of the can. It appeared to be singed or burned.
"What's this?"
"We told you about that spot in Bonneville Glen? The housemates told us Peter and Carole would take Cokes to the Glen with them and that last day they'd taken two. This one was hidden, not easy to find."
"Garbage," Mel chimed in, "we were picking up garbage other people left and found it hidden behind a wall. But that was also good, kept the sun off of it and away from the worst of the weather."
"Do you know what happened to it?"
"Not for sure," Chris said, "but the tear sorta looks like electrical arcing. Saw it doing welding when things would go wrong. I cut a bit off, right there, and used a microscope at school, definitely some melting each side of the split."
He pointed to a cut out gap, Shaw nodded.
"So you think someone shocked this? Up there? That doesn't make sense."
"Does if you have a ray gun. But I don't think even a stun gun would do this."
"No," Shaw said as she rotated the can a few more times, "and the force hereabouts at least didn't have them back in '81. We're only just experimenting now, only a handful around. Back then, they were like hen's teeth."
"That's if WE made it," the girl's wings shivered as her body shook with her emphatic statement, "but WE didn't. Peter and Carole were in their spot in the Glen and were surprised."
Shaw mulled it over before she handed the can back to Chris, who returned it to the shelf, with the split hidden to the back. Just an inexplicable souvenir in a college guy's bedroom.
"Kind of thin evidence, though. My lieutenant would laugh at me. And we DID search up there, we had a ranger take officers to all of the nooks. No sign anyone was injured enough to bleed badly, it's all tiny gravel, no way anyone could clean that up."
"Star Trek," Mel said, "phasers. Maybe the can was a demonstration. 'We'll do this to you.' Or maybe it has a stun setting."
"Mel, I appreciate your..."
Chris and Mel looked at each other, frowned slightly, looked back at the suddenly silent Shaw before Mel spoke softly.
"Joyce, you ok?"
"Motherfu... the Church. The black robe."
"Your turn to speak in code, detective," Chris chuckled.
"Five years ago, Halloween, Chris, you're a local, right?"
He nodded.
"That derelict church that burned down. You remember? Where the Gatewest Center is now?"
"Oh, yeah. The biker gang lived there, right? It was THAT Halloween? Shit!"
"Close enough. That was where Peter and I ran into each other. That was when he was with Anna. The other Anna, the cat or elf or whatever one I told you about last night. The one who matched that picture."
The pair nodded.
"He'd brought them all to the Church. I was there undercover. After the fire started we saved a girl, a friend of his, she was being chased by people in black robes who had some nasty knives. Peter took out the guy but the second, a woman, might've gotten him but she went into a fit, her whole body in a spasm and she went down. I remember now, I thought I smelled ozone. But hell, the place was full of smoke and fire. Who knows."
"Ozone," Chris said, "like after lightning. Or some sort of electrical shock."
"Chris," Mel's voice was quiet and she turned to look at a window with its closed blinds, Shaw was happy the girl could sound like a young person if only rarely, "the little probes. Could they have?"
"Probes? The invisible ones you told me about?"
"Sure. You said this Anna was inside," Chris said, "could floating balls have gotten inside? They really aren't big, bit bigger than soccer or basketballs. They'd have kept an eye on that Anna I'm sure..."
Shaw glanced and sat down in an office chair in front of the desk.
"Yeah, the place had old stained glass windows up high in the front and around the sides but they'd been removed or busted years before. Some holes had been covered but not all of them. Plenty big enough."
They were all silent.
"And, your pictures. The fuzz. We had the same thing, any pictures that might've shown Anna and Cat. And they had two big, muscular guards with them. They just looked like big, solid people. Normal faces except for the dark glasses. Pale skin."
"Like 'new' Anna," Mel said.
"C'mon," she continued as she led Chris by his leash again and she paused at the door, her bright raspiness returned and strengthened, "let's get downstairs before everyone thinks we're up here fucking. Unless, Joyce..."
Mel gave her the look again, just the tip of her tongue between her teeth as she looked at a grinning Chris then at the bed then back at her.
Joyce's mouth didn't work but she managed to shake her head slightly.
"Ok. We'll wait until Anna gets here and spring the other surprise with her."
A handful of wide-eyed guys followed Shaw down the stairs as Mel led Chris ahead of her, a couple of classmates but mostly soccer teammates of Chris, from his group introduction to Shaw. They'd apparently arrived just after her and had been around a video game set in that large rec room and her biggest surprise had been the strength of the look she'd traded with Terry as he'd managed the group. A few other appraising looks made clear that her age or her costume left them with questions but no one had the guts to ask but mostly their attention was locked on the demon who led the parade with her leashed prey.
There was some hubbub on the ground floor that seemed to indicate additional arrivals but it silenced quickly after Mel led Chris onto the landing and they made the right turn into the dining and living room area. Shaw hadn't seen them so assumed that cute redhead Sam and Teresa were likely in that area. As Shaw herself left the stairs she saw Teresa mostly from the rear. With her short hair, especially slicked back as it was, and her svelte figure, she and her brother's resemblance was uncanny. Despite that, Teresa was... pretty. Shaw smiled tightly at the thought, this girl would've attracted plenty of boys and had probably had some uncomfortable times before she'd understood herself. That cute redhead too. Their manner made clear they were a couple, no less than this Mel and her leashed 'drudge' Chris.
Shaw pushed through and saw that the knife-fighting heroine of the Broiler had arrived. She stood with her hands on her hips, a pose that pulled her own undersized black blazer open enough that those huge tits held in a black, open cup bustier were exposed almost to the uncovered nipples. She had a broad-brimmed black hat with a feather, an eye patch over her left eye, a long black skirt with a white petticoat under it, both with long slits. Her right leg was angled outward to open one of the slits and showed over the calf black boots with high and thick heels but otherwise bare legs except for a scabbard on her right thigh. And nothing else.
Shaw saw the pirate's boyfriend Dave and two others next to the dining room table, now covered with pizza boxes and a couple of brown paper bags. Shaw knew Asha had a brother and suspected the handsome boy in the Roman legionnaire's costume was him, there was scant resemblance beyond their skin, that smooth coffee-with-milk color.
And the eyes. Gold. Shaw shuddered slightly as she thought about the photo she'd seen at Bill 'n Ada's. The bottle blonde in the skimpy toga with the grumpy expression next to him must be his girlfriend, Shaw guessed.
She looked back at Asha, realized the pirate's eye was locked onto Mel and the taller demon's posture showed her returning the look. The utter silence and slack jaws as the hellspawn and the buccaneer sized each other up was like a fluid that forced itself on everyone.
No, in everyone. Shaw felt a new tingle between her legs. Fuck. If I could bottle this...
Without averting her gaze Mel reached and unhooked the leash from Chris's neckband, coiled it and reattached it to her waistband.
She looked across the room and saw Sam near the front door. Apparently that cute and curvy redhead was on permanent greeting duty, her eyes slowly moved from Asha to Mel and back. Like everyone else. But then she saw Sam's gaze pass her and it found Teresa and the angel's lust was clear. That didn't surprise Shaw. What did was when Sam's gaze quickly found Chris but didn't change its aspect. But that cute redhead seemed to will herself to look away, back at the pirate and demon who slowly closed the gap.
Oh, hell, thought Shaw, what the hell is going on in this house? I need to know and somehow bottle it. I'll get rich...
The detective moved slowly and avoided getting into the sight line between the vixens so she could make her way to the redhead in the diaphanous gown. She felt a bit sorry for the girl, she'd seemed to enjoy having some eyes on her when she'd let Shaw in, but she could've been naked now and no one would've noticed.
As Shaw made her way past static people who may as well have been traffic cones, the devil girl and the pirate moved toward each other slowly, both ensured as much sensual flesh as possible was exposed with each step to meet halfway. They clasped hands but stood at a distance.
"So many sailors you've sent to their willing dooms," Shaw knew Mel was barely nineteen and from the previous evening it seemed her natural voice was rough and husky, but this was a languorous, rasped, sensual purr that kicked the tingle between Shaw's legs up a notch. She saw Sam's tongue run slowly across her lips, her eyes locked.
"The souls you've devoured screamed in joy," Asha's voice was toward the opposite end of the register, a slow high alto that flowed like thick syrup and forced itself into the pussy that Mel's voice had moistened. Twenty. The damned girl would be twenty one in a couple of months. Shit. These two could kill people.
"That's a lovely bustier and skirt, pirate captain."
"I couldn't let you get all the attention like Halloween, girl-child of the underworld."
"Thank you for bringing the pizzas. Good you could make it."
"Wouldn't be anywhere else."
Chris lessened the spell that froze the room when he stepped forward and shook Dave's hand, the latter did quick introductions to the rest of Asha's party. Mel released the crimson pirate's hands and she quickly hugged Dave to elicit another glared challenge from Asha before she greeted Aron and a glum looking girl introduced as Brandi, indeed she was Aron's girlfriend, in a toga that offered a smidgen more coverage than did the costumes of the demon and the pirate.
"A question, Sam," Shaw saw her jump slightly before she forced her attention onto the policewoman and she smiled shyly, "does Mel ever wear a bra? Or panties?"
Sam's smile broadened and she took a slow breath.
"Not unless she has good reason, and then only ones that push 'em up even more," Sam's voice was slow, her manner trance like, "and usually no undies either. After she arrived last summer Chris got her a job temping and she looked the perfect office drone. Then he bought her a pair of stockings and garters and that was it. No more pantyhose. She says why wear short skirts if she's just going to show off undies. But she has the sense when to dress right, though, but if those people in the offices had known she was commando..."
The spell relaxed but wasn't erased, everyone shuffled for position to get at the pizzas and garlic bread. In the shuffle, Asha's eyes locked onto Shaw's and for a split-second her self-assurance turned to doubt as she looked at the detective. But she recovered as quickly and dismissed Shaw as she turned away.
Pizza. Garlic bread. Beer. Wine. A true college party. It had been a while.
Shaw smiled as she sipped a beer. She wasn't in the habit of drinking anything not from a sealed container but a commercial keg had astronomically low odds for being spiked. And it was good beer, apparently a friend of a friend had acquired it in San Francisco and driven it across two states! The crowd moved in waves as they followed Asha and then Mel, no one even bothered to hide that they stared at every chance. The former's shaved pussy and the latter's black landing strip. The pirate's round and double-D breasts in that bustier and the demon's slightly smaller tits that simply ignored gravity. Two round and firm asses. And both young women made sure there were plenty of opportunities to get those views.
Shaw had noticed how glum Aron's Brandi seemed, a sour look and mood since she'd arrived. She was probably used to being the center of attention, Shaw mused, but tonight was practically ignored despite her perfect B-cup breasts and long, lithe legs. She'd arrived with bikini panties that she'd removed and had adjusted her toga to undergird and no longer cover one breast. And she still pouted about too little notice.
Hell, Shaw's crotch was plenty wet and she'd never been attracted to women. But the hypnotic spell put out by the demon and the pirate was unavoidable even with the party spread across three house levels. If the swinger 'sex' parties she'd occasionally investigated and on rare cases had busted for underage or unwilling participants had had a tenth of the pheromones in play here they'd have carried half of those middle-aged fools out on stretchers. Again she had the thought to dump the force and convince this crew to let her hire them out to those sorts of parties. Henri and Gypsy Rose wouldn't appreciate THIS competition.
She'd just wandered into the kitchen with the beer when the crimson head was next to hers, hat and eye patch discarded for the moment.
"Detective Shaw, I know you and my boyfriend are hiding some secret about you being here."
"Good evening, Miss Washington," the formality seemed appropriate, "nothing untoward."
"Better be. If not, we might see if I can get my knife faster than you get that gun from your ankle..."
The glint in those golden eyes caused Shaw to squint and smile back. As did the slightest inflection in the pirate's voice that reminded her of Captain Rourke, another Angeleno who'd fled that huge city ringed by mountains and an ocean for a much smaller one ringed by mountains and a smelly lake four times as salty as that ocean. A fleeting thought wondered if the two families had ever crossed paths?
"Your friend Miss Turnbull doing well? Not here tonight?"
"Tracy's getting drilled front and rear," Shaw raised both eyebrows at that, "well, in a couple hours. Her sorta-boyfriend's not at the Broiler anymore, now he's down at La Caille, her parents are in town so they went there. But unless another drug deal goes down she'll have her legs wrapped around his ass before morning!"
"How do I get a boyfriend like that?"
"Me too. She'd invited me and Dave but no, he INSISTED we come HERE. Hmmf. But I hear tell that Terry is no slouch in the sack, way you've been looking at him. And him at you. You should be able to seal that deal easily."
She elbowed Shaw in the ribs and quickly strode toward Chris and her arch-enemy, the black-haired demon, who were in the far corner of the living room talking to a heavyset man she remembered as Roger and his wife, Jeanie. But she thought back on Asha's last comment. She had been friendly, maybe too friendly, to that attractive kid. And he was on the rebound. Shit.
Then she reminded herself he wasn't a kid, he was a Uni senior. Twenty-one. Well. Perfect age, same as Peter had been... She thought, 'I'm only five years older than I was.'
Shaw watched Asha greet Roger and Jeanie and then that couple stepped away. She smiled at the challenge that flowed between the pairs of black and golden eyes. Then she saw a change in Asha.
'Fred?' Shaw knew lip-reading could be inaccurate but that was clear. So was the next part. 'My father was Fred.'
Shaw didn't know the full conversation but whatever had caused Mel and Chris to bring up Fred had shaken Asha. She chided herself a bit, but these little signs of vulnerability in both of these too-mature-for-their-years girls cheered Shaw. A routine check after the Broiler incident had found Asha and Aron's parents had been Fred and Janet Washington, talent agents in Hollywood. They'd died about four years earlier in a malfunctioning hot tub, their two children left with sizable inheritances locked away until their Uni graduations and generous allowances until then.
Tracy's parents were Valley locals who now lived and worked at Dinosaur National Monument a couple of hours drive away while their daughter attended Uni, a junior like Asha but a math major. Math and accounting were distantly related but from her college days they weren't majors whose students normally mingled so other than both being students nothing drew a clear line between that petite brunette and this voluptuous redhead. But it was obviously there, Asha's statement of friendship when Shaw had interviewed her had been heartfelt. Beyond even.
As intriguing had been the TV reporter Jayne Jacob's connections via her late parents to the First Presleyterian Church, another dot that demanded connection to Anna's background and the history of that Mustang. That religion didn't have a significant following locally, like many others it picked up scraps of believers who weren't adherents of the local dominant faith. So its involvement might be significant. She'd interviewed the reporter about the Broiler incident and had felt she'd barely had control, the woman might be a decade younger but she was a natural journalist. Background checks showed she'd been Jayne Fraser as a student and had been interviewed and had admitted to being with Peter and Carole but only to the day before their disappearance although that had never made it to the public reports she'd done recently. And the housemates had never seen her on the fateful Friday or Saturday. Shaw still had nothing that would tie her to the 'elf' Anna, the original Anna, and the night of the Church fire beyond Dave's assertion and her disguise that night made Dave's claim easily deniable. But the driver five years back had been a brunette with a great figure disguised as a cat and the reporter who'd made her breakthrough filming near-naked college students for Halloween had been a brunette with a great figure disguised as a cat. Dave swore both were the same person, but the debrief about a drug deal turned kidnapping hadn't been the right time to bring it up.
And Mutually Assured Destruction. If Jayne had been Cat then Dave said she'd also seen Joyce with Peter at the Church. Joyce had as much reason as the reporter to not want the events of that night revealed in the wrong ways so it was a subject that needed careful approach. The younger woman hadn't revealed recognition at the interview but Shaw didn't know if that was authentic or something she'd saved for a more opportune moment. Either was possible given the young reporter's talents.
Her reverie was ended by a commotion in the kitchen behind her and Sam topped the stairs with a large and delicious looking rectangular chocolate cake, applause from a few people who parted to allow her a path through the kitchen and into the dining room. Shaw stepped aside and Sam smiled at her as she went past.
"Gimme a hand, officer?"
Shaw stepped quickly and they each grabbed an edge of what she discovered was a thick piece of cardboard covered with foil.
Deep red letters across the top of the cake spelled out 'Happy 22nd, Leather Boy, don't forget the ice cream! Devil Girl & Everyone!' Teresa followed with a big handful of candles and once Shaw and Sam set the cake down she began placing them and the two women stepped back but stood alongside each other.
"Hey, Sam, another question," Shaw's voice was soft so Sam edged closer and leaned her head a bit, "I know they're 'leather boy' and 'devil girl' 'cuz that Halloween thing, but what's up with ice cream?"
"Oh, um," Sam glanced over as Mel and Chris approached the table and attendees arrived from the other floors, she bit her lower lip for a second, "um, well, it has to do with..."
Shaw snorted as Sam's face went as red as her long and flowing hair.
"Oh, uh... Mel says her ass is Chris's favorite part of her and if they'd met when she was younger he would've bribed her with ice cream until she let him stick his thingie up her butt," Sam blurted the last bit out too loudly, a couple of Chris's soccer teammates heard that and turned and leered, Sam paused and they turned away before she leaned closer to Shaw, who leaned as well, "... then he'd have been sent to jail... and... oh um, you get it? Their joke, like, he buys her ice cream after he sticks it, uh..."
Sam paused a few heartbeats.
"And that girl LOVES ice cream," Sam finished, her face even redder. Shaw tried to not let her laughter become a fit as the pair from before, and a few more, all looked at her and the girl whose face was as redder than her hair. Fortunately everyone's attention was drawn first to the windows as someone ran up the driveway, followed by two others who Shaw recognized as Bobby and Anna from the Broiler night. Then everyone turned to look at the side door at the sound of an accented voice.
"There'll be trouble if you've cut the cake," a brunette with accented English entered by the side door. She had an open overcoat over a dark blue business suit with a knee-length skirt, calf-high boots with low heels. She pushed through the crowd and wrapped Chris in a bear hug and pressed her mouth hard onto his as his arms went around her and grabbed her ass. Shaw was surprised at Mel's obvious grin at the scene, before Maria released Chris and repeated the greeting with Mel. Shaw's eyebrows jumped slightly at that.
"Now that Maria's here," Mel said as Teresa finished lighting the candles, "the party can start!"
The crowd cheered and broke into the birthday song with the inclusion of the 'you belong in a zoo' phrase. After it was over Mel gave Chris a big hug and kissed him hard on the lips and Shaw smiled as that ridiculous skirt popped up and had there been anyone with remaining doubt about the demon's choice to avoid underwear that was cleared. She saw the 'other' redhead Asha put her hand over Dave's eyes but she smiled as she did it. That was rich, given Asha had taken every opportunity to swing that long skirt and show off her own lack of underwear and that shaved pussy.
"Hey," Dave snorted.
Shaw looked over and saw Bobby and Anna had also entered but stood behind much of the crowd, Bobby well taller and even Anna above many. She shook her head. Anna was in a red and black cheerleader's uniform, Bobby in a football jersey in matching colors. Both had 'WHS' and a stylized falcon badge. She was happy for that last part because the colors and initials matched the high school she'd taught at and Peter had attended. Fortunately the mascot stopped the coincidences.
Shaw noticed that Sam had slid behind her to her other side and the candle-lighter's cute brother had worked through the crowd to stand on her other side. He stood as close as he could without actually touching.
She didn't move away.
"I do not believe it," Shaw said to Maria as they both held paper plates with slices of cake, "that they got this cake from Bill 'n Ada's? That place is a---"
"Shithole," Maria beat her to it, they both laughed, "but this is about the best chocolate cake I've ever had."
"Everything those two say," Shaw's voice slowed as she chose each word carefully, Maria was indeed about her age, "sounds crazy. But. Sounding and being, two different things."
Maria chewed her last bite of cake slowly.
"I manage the photo lab for the Fine Arts College at the Uni, Chris took a course on developing film I taught when he was a sophomore couple years ago, how I met him. He's hell of a photographer. Both of 'em come up and develop pictures. I went with them to the Uintas, where they got those pictures... Had just split from my husband, thought it'd be a lark."
"Oh, hell of a trip, musta been."
"Yeah, I'd rather regretted I hadn't jumped him during that course," Maria smiled and Shaw's mouth dropped slightly open but Maria quickly went serious, "so was my chance. She, uh, shares. I try not to deal with... their obsession."
Then her face broke into a broad grin.
"I'm just here because they're both the most awesome fucks I've ever had!"
Maria winked at her.
"Need a drink, Joyce? You seem a bit, um, quiet."
"No," she finally managed, "I'm fine."
She watched Maria walk into the kitchen and trade hugs with Sam and Teresa before she opened the fridge.
"Detective," Shaw turned and saw Dave, "Mel and Chris wanted me to get you. Down the basement."
She nodded and dumped the paper plate her cake and ice cream had been on into the bin, rubbed her hands on her thighs. She saw Bobby in the living room with Terry and a couple of others, the cute, sandy-haired young man's eyes lingered and she let hers do the same before she followed Dave around a corner.
Shit, Joyce, for real? Well, there's apparently a precedent in this house. Let's see what's in the basement.
Dave said quick goodbyes to Roger and Jeanie. Shaw had learned they had a three month old daughter who was with Jeanie's parents. This had been their first night out and they'd already hit their limit, a situation she never expected to be in. She followed Dave down the stairs and at the bottom heard that strange voice of Anna's to their left, Dave turned, nodded and she followed him into a large storage room lined with shelves and a number of bulk food-storage bins and equipment to grind flour and the like. She'd been told the house belonged to an aunt and uncle of the twins. Those two had fallen far from the tree but apparently the extended family followed the local faith's instructions to stockpile food and supplies.
The one item out of place was some sort of strange and colorful computer on a shelf in the far corner. It appeared to be powered off.
"Detective Shaw?" Anna's flat voice almost had feeling in it, Shaw thought, the pale woman's brows knitted more deeply as Dave closed the door behind himself.
"What's up, Mel? Chris?" Shaw said and she and Anna looked at each other then at the pair. Mel had somehow done up the bottom most button on her blazer, Shaw wasn't sure it wasn't even sexier that way. Then Anna looked around at the walls and she tilted her head a couple of times.
"Anna, relax," Chris's voice was soft, "we don't mean any harm. We just have some questions. Have you ever seen either of these two?"
Mel pulled two enlarged pictures and held them up as Anna and Shaw looked. The detective saw they were blow-ups of Peter's and Carole's pictures from the paper after their disappearance. The housemates had provided one of Peter, on some outing they'd all attended, Carole's had been her sorority photo, both pictures only months old at the time of the disappearance. Shaw studied Anna's face. Although her voice didn't convey emotion, her face did.
She worked to tamp down her reaction but Shaw was certain there had been one, although she shook her head and straight brunette hair that fell between her shoulder blades shook.
"Why'd you take his last name, Anna? Seemed kind of, oh, obvious, not to mention keeping his car," Chris kept his voice calm as he glanced at Shaw. She admired his control, she'd whispered the confirmation about the car in his ear at some point. She glanced, saw Dave had taken a step away from the door, his face hard and angry. Anna stayed silent.
"One more picture," Mel's voice stayed low as she shifted a container on the shelf next to the RedFruit and pulled out something that looked like a flat, black, no, dark gray piece of glass about the size of a telephone book but thin. Very thin. Shaw had never seen anything like it. But she guessed Anna had as the tall cheerleader's eyes went wide before she blinked multiple times and her mouth moved without speaking before her head swung and she looked around the walls again. Mel tapped the screen with a finger and it lit up with the picture of the two golden-eyed aliens that they'd shown her the previous evening. Dave looked at the picture and Shaw saw his mouth quirk into a quick smile, they must've shown him this picture, like the detective he'd seen the original Anna.
"We wondered, Anna," Mel's turn, her voice low, raspy, pitched to go straight to the crotch in normal times, "this room. We figured out it's a Faraday cage. Dunno why, but it is. You know how the people in this state love to store enough food for the apocalypse..."
"It's a bomb shelter too, with EMP shielding. Way over the top. But it blocks padlet signals, so...," Chris said.
Anna's eyes flared and she ran straight into Dave, who grunted hard with the contact. Shaw stepped back as the big woman went past, Dave had an inch and with his bulk some weight on her but she used an arm and simply threw him against the door where he grunted again but stood. She grabbed Dave's shoulders and lifted him but he grappled and wrapped his leg around hers as she tried to throw him.
"Anna," Shaw shouted, "stop!"
Shaw had more by reflex than by thought dropped, drawn her gun from her left ankle and positioned herself where she had an angle on the big, angry woman. Or was she an alien?
"Bobby told us how strong you are," Chris said, "sorry Dave, we didn't know THAT strong."
Anna glared at him then at Shaw, who stood with a two handed grip. Shaw guessed she was judging the distance. She was fast. Shaw did what she would almost never do and cocked the hammer. Hair trigger.
"Please, Anna, relax. We're just talking," Shaw tried to calm her, "it's only a .38, but hollow points. At this range, messy. You're strong, not bulletproof."
I hope, thought Shaw, on that last point.
Anna relaxed then removed her grip on Dave's shirt and let him stand, half turned and elbowed him hard in the abdomen, slammed him against the door again and he slumped but held his position and growled but it turned into a short cough.
"Enough, alien bitch!" Mel's growl was brutal, Anna stared at her open-mouthed, Shaw successfully fought the urge to turn.
Anna obeyed as Shaw motioned her to sidle away from Dave and Chris strode behind the policewoman. Mel stayed to her left while Chris went over and pulled Dave upright, the latter's breath heavy and rough.
"Shit, broken ribs," Chris said as he tapped Dave's abdomen and the man winced, "need to get you out..."
"No way," Dave groaned, "not yet."
"Anna," Mel's voice again soft, raspy, syrupy, "did you, did your people, take Peter and Carole?"
Anna closed her eyes for a count of three then looked around at everyone in turn.
"That picture? How?"
"We have our contacts," Mel said, "from the crashed satellite."
"No, it isn't," Mel huffed in surprise at Anna's assertion and the woman's snapped words, "those are the golden criminals. From the first expedition. They destroyed the ship and killed everyone. We never had that picture."
"Holy sh... What?" Shaw wished someone HAD robbed that bank or a convenience store or anything really while she was on the way over. Anna would've beaten the shit out of everyone and she'd be joyously clueless. In fact, she and the rest of the department would've laughed their heads off when the call came in. A tall brunette with pale skin and huge tits and dressed as a cheerleader beats up a house full of college students at a birthday party.
"Yes, detective, I'll be happy for you to investigate and find them. It was easy for us to know who was responsible because golden eyes are very, very rare for us and they were the only two. We were, are, the second expedition and have no gold eyes with us. They were ten years ahead of us. I wasn't born yet, but we got the messages, the panic while we were still on the way. The messages said those two had sabotaged the ship and were trying to escape."
"Escape? To where?"
"Here. Earth. They sabotaged the navigation computer so the rockets misfired and the reactor so it'd explode. They sped past Earth but those two ejected with probes. We found what's left of the ship, the pieces are in a long, elliptical orbit around the sun. July of 1963 by your calendars. If your astronomers saw anything, probably thought it was a comet."
"Okay, then, we bought the padlet at a yard sale," Mel's voice started as a little girl's chirp as Anna glared at her, then back at the gun, "whatever. We have it. It had that picture on it. Did you take Peter? Nothing about him."
"Of course not, however you got it. That means they're here. Somewhere. They're mass murderers. There were fifty of my people on that ship. Well, forty-eight we care about."
"Anna, we don't know anything about that or them, other than this picture and a couple others there's nothing about them or your people," Shaw heard the hitch in Mel's rasp that indicated that likely wasn't true but hoped Anna wouldn't notice, "but we'll help you. Bring them to justice. But."
"Peter was my lover," Anna's voice was low, "before I came here. Well, more specifically, he was my teacher."
Now it was everyone's turn to gape. Shaw shifted aim just off her target and carefully reset the hammer and kept it just off of the woman's chest.
"Yes, we took him and Carole. They... they were going to reveal our plans, we thought. But also, well, also Anna, the Queen, she loved him, she never admitted it but I think he reminded her of Ian. But we couldn't leave them down here. I took Anna's name to honor her."
"He taught you to fuck humans?" Mel's question.
"Yes, devil girl, he did. Quite well, I think Bobby will tell you," Anna smiled, a happy expression as she said the name, "and more. How to, be, human."
"Bob---"
"And one more thing," Anna stopped Mel's statement, "I learned from him how to use their love. Peter... well, Anna loved him. But he loved her too. And Vicki, Vicki loved him. He was torn. He... and Carole... but Queen Anna and Vicki too. Some Brittany whore too but that was just because she was a slut, he didn't love her. But I learned that. Just like Bobby loved you, demon."
Chris smiled and nodded slightly at that, Shaw looked at him then at Mel. Her smile was soft.
"He did. No more. Now Bobby loves you something fierce, Anna," Mel told her and Chris nodded his confirmation, "and Peter did a good job. Or you're a good student. But who was Vicki?"
"Vikrangia," or something like that was the word Shaw heard, "Vicki. My mother. Yes, like the gold eyes but well, her eyes aren't golden. I kinda took Peter's name too because, well, she was going to ask him to marry her. Then he'd have been my stepdad."
That left the room in stunned silence.
"Kinda weird when your mom steals your boyfriend, but...," she shrugged.
"Tell me about it," Mel said with a laugh, Chris snorted but no one else reacted.
"Oh hell, Anna," Shaw said, "I saw your... the other Anna. Queen Anna? She was with Peter at Halloween. Months before you took him. The port wine stain, her cheek."
"Yeah, green... and a gray eye, she sneaked down to Earth a few times, usually on Halloween. She wasn't like me. Not one of us new ones. But she wanted to meet Peter, we'd had issues with Carole, she wouldn't follow the plan to let us take him sooner. So the Queen wanted to meet him."
Everyone stood silent for a moment but Shaw didn't relax her stance.
"Now, you've got me here. But. I'm out of touch. Much longer and guards will come and check up on me."
"Guards? You mean," Shaw said, "like Queen Anna had that night? Big like Bobby?"
"But stronger than me. I was made," Anna looked at Dave with an almost apologetic air, "to be strong. And, well, they're designed for nastiness. Different gene changes."
"We believe you, but, Anna, can you bring Peter back down? Let him go now?" It was Shaw speaking but the others nodded and Dave glared.
"No."
"Huh, why? Are you worried he'll reveal---"
"He's dead."
Shaw went stiff, glared. Dave's mouth moved soundlessly.
"Did you..."
"No, the satellite. He and Queen Anna were on it when it crashed. There was... a mutiny, the mutineers tried to take over the reactor control rooms but something went wrong. Way wrong. I'd left months before to go to another satellite---"
"There are three," Mel interjected.
"WERE three. Then I was already on Earth when it crashed but there were messages during the fight. Four centuries ago when we found your planet with telescopes then the probes we sent some of my people felt we'd bring you peace and prosperity. To my people, war was something only in our history books. But, you've infected us and now some of my people want to destroy you, most of you, take this planet, Queen Anna would've never agreed with that. It's been a bit... hectic since the crash. We lost our Queen and don't know if there are still any of... those others among us. We think they were all on the crashed satellite..."
"Clusterfuck, we call it," Chris said, "lucky it didn't hit a city."
"He did that, Peter did," her hard expression silenced the rest, "the mutineers tried once it was obvious it was going down. But he'd burrowed deeper into our systems than we'd known. He crashed it where no one was."
"He'd grown up here," Shaw said, "knew these states really well."
"What about Jayne? Cat?" Dave wheezed and winced as he spoke.
"My best friend, but, well, our agent. For years. Leave her alone, I've told you everything. Now, the door..."
Chris helped Dave shift as Anna turned but they all stopped when Mel spoke firmly.
"No, last thing. That star, the one that blew up, that was your home wasn't it? You're refugees?"
Anna turned and looked at Mel.
"Yes, demon, we were meant to be explorers. But then someone attacked our sun two centuries ago, it went unstable, Queen Anna's lover Ian figured out it would go supernova. A fleet, with millions of my people in hypersleep, is on the way. We think. We hope. The last messages said they'd made it out just in time but with all of the interference from the supernova we're not getting communications."
A Changed World
Chris pulled Dave aside and Anna threw the door open and strode rapidly out and collided with Asha two steps out of the room as Mel and Shaw stepped where they could see.
"Oof, hey, bitch," Asha said before her voice trailed off as her hands pushed off of Anna's bare arms, "oh, wha..."
Asha looked to her left and saw Chris supporting Dave, then back at Anna. Anna's eyes became slits as she looked at Asha's eyes, hat and eye patch still missing. Beyond them Terry led Maria into view from the stairs, their expressions studies in sudden surprise.
"Lemme go," Anna broke loose and half ran past the shocked pair and turned the corner to the stairs.
"What the fuck?" Asha half yelled as she ran in and grabbed Dave, "I'm going to kill her."
She glared at Mel and Shaw, the policewoman's right eye narrowed slightly when she registered Asha's apparent recognition and reaction to the device Mel still held. The demon held it alongside her tiny, pleated skirt but that didn't hide it from the redhead before those gold eyes went back to Mel's glittering black eyes.
"And maybe you too. You did this."
"Asha, wait!"
Asha looked at the policewoman then at her hip where she held the gun pointed at the floor. Shaw was certain only Asha could see the weapon, that the others outside of the storeroom didn't have the angle.
"I'll be faster, calm down. She's not---"
"I know she's not," Asha snapped, "I know what she is. Fuck's sakes. Why didn't you bring me---"
"Because you told us not to, upstairs, remember?" Mel's voice was firm and competitive.
Asha exhaled slowly, nodded.
"Anyway, I'm taking this one the hell away from here before you bunch get him killed. C'mon, Dave."
Dave stood firm for a moment, looked at Chris then Mel. His voice was wheezy and chopped.
"Chris, Mel, thank you. Finally."
Asha glared at them then turned and gave Terry and Maria the same look and they stepped back. The sound of a crowd was obvious on the stairs, strange murmurs made clear the mood was confused, likely by Anna's presumed passage. Dave had his arm over Asha's shoulder and the other across his body as they looked up.
"Make way," Asha's voice brooked no dissent and she led Dave up the stairs. Shaw slipped out of sight and returned her gun to its holster, adjusted her trouser leg and stood as Mel returned the device to the shelf and hid it behind grain containers.
Chris led their trio out of the storeroom and Mel pulled the door closed then stepped to twine her left arm around his right and reached out and Maria took her free hand, the photographer had a fretful look.
"Hey, Chris," Teresa spoke as soon as she'd landed at the bottom of the stairs, "Anna grabbed Bobby and they left at warp speed. And Dave and Asha. What's up?"
"Nothing we can do anything about tonight, guys," Chris said as Shaw pushed past with a nod at Terry and ran up the stairs just as Sam also made it to the bottom, "shit happens..."
"Asha," Shaw yelled as Asha trailed a trio out the front door, her brother and Brandi with a scrunched over Dave between them, hat and eye patch in hand.
"Get him in the car, Aron, I'll be right there." She turned to face Shaw, who stopped just inside the living room.
"I warned you. I'll be faster, this time, detective," Asha's usually clear voice was harsh.
"I almost shot her," Shaw said, "it was close. Dave insisted that he be there, he needed to know about his friend."
Asha let out a long exhale, seemed to shrink slightly.
"Yeah, I know. Those two. I'd never met them. I spent barely an hour at their Halloween party... and my life has been turned upside down..."
The Broiler incident was enough for one person to go through, thought Shaw. And that was, well, almost normal after what had just happened in the basement.
"And that thing Mel had, you know what it is?"
"I... gave it to them. But, it's decades old, how'd they get that damned thing to WORK? Thought it would just be something to tease them with."
"And your parents are, were, somehow involved?"
"Yeah. Don't tell them, leather boy and devil girl, ok? Things around them..." She put her right hand alongside her head and twirled the extended index finger. Shaw smiled softly and nodded quickly before she spoke.
"They've worked it out, some of it at least, I saw you all talking. They didn't tell Anna anything about you. She just knows Dave was a friend of Peter's, why he cared. Not about you."
Shaw looked back as voices indicated at least a few people were climbing the stairs.
"I'm outta here," Asha said as she looked to see if anyone had arrived.
"Look out for 'guards,' bigger than Bobby, strong people, wear black suits, fedoras, sunglasses, at least used to. You know, muscle."
"Got it," Asha nodded and surprised Shaw with her speed in those boots as she hit the sidewalk and dashed right with her skirt flying, any onlookers would've had quite pleasant if flashed views. Apparently their car was at the Glen too.
"Hey, Joyce," she pushed the door closed and turned and saw Terry, his face a cloud of concern, "what happened? Mel and Chris said something about a friend of Dave's."
"He was my friend too," Shaw's voice was soft, "found out he's dead."
"Sh... it...," Terry said slowly, "that student that disappeared?"
Shaw nodded.
"You knew him. Hell. How?"
"I was his teacher... long time ago," Terry grunted in surprise as more people came upstairs. The first few walked into the small room next to Terry's bedroom and gathered their coats.
"Hey, Terry, we're heading out. G'night!"
Terry waved and Shaw nodded, she didn't recall more names. It appeared the steam had been taken out of the party as the remaining guests followed suit.
"Maybe I should be going too," Shaw said softly.
"Sure? Welcome to stay," Terry said back, "plenty of beer. Other stuff."
"And ears... Maybe just ears," he added very softly.
Mel, Chris and Maria came around the corner. Mel walked up and took Joyce's hands. Her blazer was again unbuttoned.
"We're sorry about Peter, we didn't know. Well," she looked at Chris, Maria's arm was around his, "we thought it might've been the case, but hoped he was on another one."
"Lots to talk about demon, but hey, that's what the morning's for. This is bigger than him. Or me, or all of us."
"You going to file a report?"
"Not yet, this is all off the record. So far. The government's always known it was a satellite, like you said on the tape. They'll have the bodies. But hey, his family, fuck them. But I want it, bury him properly. But, well, I don't think yelling now about Anna and Queen Anna and Jayne will help me get it. Or do much other good. Yet."
Mel pulled her into a hug then let her go. She rejoined Chris and Maria and they walked to the stairs and all three climbed. Shaw let out a long and slow exhale. Terry looked at her as she spoke softly.
"Your sister? Sam?"
"Probably just stayed downstairs, that's hers, their room. Have their own bathroom. Same upstairs and this level too."
"I've had the worry I'd be taking advantage of you, what with... Pam, right?"
Terry laughed. "Now I'm worried I'd be taking advantage of YOU... But hey, you want to talk about your friend? We'd heard about it in high school, then Mel and Chris chasing it, but well, that's it."
He waved his arms around the room.
"And it's not like we have anything else to do."
She smiled.
"I could use a beer. Need one yourself?"
He nodded but she took his hands quickly, squeezed them and released and he walked quickly out. She looked, sat down on the couch and crossed her left leg over her right and leaned her head back and closed her eyes. She opened them when she heard a sound and saw Terry with two glass mugs, not the plastic cups they'd been using, of whatever good ale this was. She nodded at the spot alongside her and he handed her a mug and sat down.
"You were a teacher? And now, that uniform's real, right?"
She nodded and took a long drink, licked her lips.
"I loved, well, love poetry. Literature. But I did some ROTC in high school, liked that too. Grew up shooting, handling guns. Did English and psychology double major, with a teaching certificate thrown in."
"Bet you didn't party much in college, with that load."
"Not enough! Got the job at Peter's high school, it wasn't a good school. So I talked to a couple of contacts, left that after three years and entered the police academy... shi... almost a decade ago! I thought I might do more for delinquents that way, I wasn't getting through to them teaching. At least, not to most of the bad ones, Peter was a rare case that way, it wasn't like the whole school was bad but there were too many... The police wanted to 'evolve,' trying to get us humanities types in. 'More rounded.' Did vice and undercover a few years, just before Christmas I made plainclothes. But hey, this was a costume party, right?"
They both laughed at that.
Shaw sat up in bed, the room dark but for an ethereal glow of streetlights around the boundary of the closed blinds. She was confused. Where was she? What the...
Then the body next to her in the bed stirred but didn't awaken. She turned. Sandy hair, nice, firm build, pale skin with a slight sheen. Oh, yeah. She looked down, she was naked and covered in dried sweat too. She looked past the sleeping form, the phosphorescent hands on the clock were a single glow on the right side. 3:15 then. Must be a.m.
Then she went still. There were creaks. Someone moved. More than one. Above her somewhere. She tilted her head a couple of times and willed the fuzz of sleep out of her brain and tried to remember where her revolver was. She saw the end table on her side of the bed, registered it was in that drawer.
She smiled. The handcuffs. Sam had come upstairs while Shaw and Terry were still on the couch, he'd just expressed his admiration for his sister's strength and with her investigator's side she'd nudged him to confess his role in pushing their small town Idaho family to accept Teresa was gay.
That had been when Sam had shuffled into the room. She'd been barefoot but still in that gown, her face was reddened but nothing like her time describing why Mel loved ice cream. Her breasts weren't quite as large as the taller Mel's, but they were as round and with her shorter frame they were just as perfect. This gown hadn't offered as clear views as had Mel's and Asha's open blazers but they'd still been quite obvious and enjoyable all night.
Maybe her young colleague Holmes was right in her preferences. She should've brought that woman along. Next time.
"Detective..."
"Sam? You okay?" Terry's question, Shaw glanced at him then at the redhead.
"Those cuffs. Are they..."
Terry's brow furrowed but Shaw smiled broadly.
"Hold this," she handed her mug to a confused Terry before she rose high enough to unclip the old handcuffs from her belt with her left hand. Sam's eyes followed her other hand as it tapped the pocket in her service trousers. She handed the cuffs to Sam, her smile just formed.
"You ever used---"
"Terry, hand those to Joyce and hold your hands out."
Shaw grinned broadly and nudged the badly confused young man. He handed the beers over and obeyed.
With two rapid flips of her wrist Sam secured both of Terry's wrists, metal rasps locked tight with loud clicks in the quiet room.
"Wha...," Terry's voice trailed off as his eyes widened.
"Damn, Red, you're better with those than I am!" Shaw had exclaimed. Terry just swung his gaze from the detective seated next to him then at the angel whose halo didn't match a grin usually seen on devil girl's face.
"Too bad I don't have the key!"
"Uh, whAT?"
"Oh, well, " Sam was only momentarily serious after a pause of a few seconds as Terry's head swiveled and his mouth hung open, "I can help you get his pants off, if you need a hand."
"Hey... uh... WHAT?"
"I'm sure I can manage, need be," Shaw started then paused as her right hand suddenly found her pocket and dug in, "found it!"
She pulled the key out and tossed it in a high arc, the younger woman caught it and in a fluid motion freed the confused young man. She flipped the cuffs and held them in her right hand.
"My uncle gave me an old pair. I used to arrest my stuffed animals," was the limit of her explanation, "g'night!"
She'd turned and was gone in a flash, a supervillain's cackle trailed her.
"That's new... oh, wow...," had been Terry's only statement to Shaw's laughter. She'd decided then she'd talk to the angel in the morning, tell her about a 'boutique' in a less attractive section of town surrounded by pawn shops, liquor stores that specialized in the less refined brands and a 'sell your plasma' clinic. But it was a nice place and had cuffs that were more appropriate, at least for what she assumed Sam had planned.
In the morning.
She recalled the floor plan above her. That large rec room, Chris's bedroom, a bathroom. Oh, hell. Chris. Mel. Maria. 3:16. Were those three STILL at it? She looked at the form next to her, put her hand lightly on the exposed shoulder. Asha had been right, he'd been no slouch. But he, she, there'd been a slowness, a halting entwining, it hadn't been fast and frantic like that night with Peter. Shaw tried not to think it explicitly, but for now she hoped this time it wasn't one and done.
Unlike the last time. That night a bit over five years earlier she and Peter had agreed with barely more than a couple of words that their time together would be, had to be, that single night.
Now she knew he was gone. Truly gone.
She had no doubt that Anna had told the truth, as much as that... that woman? That alien? She'd seen admiration in that face and her posture even if her voice hadn't carried it. That... creature... was so human but that voice. There was... something in it but whether it truly confirmed she was what the demon and her drudge called her was still in question. Even if she had essentially admitted it. But while she was THAT, her feelings for Peter seemed real. And for this boy, Bobby, she was with.
This sweet boy, his loss was not all that. But it was, as these things always are, nothing to dismiss. She sighed. After Peter she'd always blamed her work on vice for pushing her sex drive subterranean, what she saw and had to deal with. Tonight it had surfaced. Had it really been her work?
"Oh, hey, Joyce? You awake?"
"Shit, he, Terry. Sorry! Didn't---"
He rolled over and sat up, put his hand on her back. It was warm. He pulled her closer.
"Just um, them," she lifted her chin, smiled as a last set of footsteps went across the floor. He looked up and nodded as he laughed, mouthed 'I know.'
She pushed her hand down his torso and under the cover, found he was fully awake.
"So long as we're awake..."
She pushed him onto his back and he helped her straddle him. She grabbed his erection and rubbed it up and down her slit and purred as she moistened the swollen head. She held it steady and lowered herself slowly until his entire length was inside of her. He reached up and caressed her nipples as they woke up as well.
"Mel and Chris like to go out to breakfast on Sunday mornings," Terry said softly as Shaw rose and fell on his shaft, "Pam wasn't big on going. But, you interested?"
"What if we oversleep?"
"Don't worry about that, with those two," his smile was broad.
"Better not be Bill 'n Ada's," she said with force before she leaned forward and coaxed his lips apart with hers as her hips gyrated and he slowly pumped with his thighs.
*****
I hope you've enjoyed this tale. Detective Shaw will return soon, she also appears in the "Chronicle: Mel & Chris..." series beginning with chapter 4 of that saga. It will be up soon in Science Fiction & Fantasy. Asha and Tracy of course star in their own series, "You Promised Me Geeks," in NonHuman. The second tale of that series, "You Promised Me Geeks: Asha & Tracy," is the full story of Nixon and Gail and Jake and Bonnie's gang crashing dinner at The Broiler restaurant, if you haven't already read about Tracy's difficulties with actors, well, an actor, and Asha's talent with sharp instruments.