Carla moved in next door about 3 years ago. When I first saw her unloading boxes on their screen porch, I could not believe my luck. She stood about 5' 4" and looked to be no heavier than 110 pounds. She had a daughter and son helping her that looked to be 12 and 10 respectively. Her husband came by a little later and my first thought was "What the fuck is she doing with an idiot like that?"
Adam was trying to get the mower going and was about to pour gas into the oil fill hole. I yelled over "Hey Neighbor, you might not what to put gas in there."
He yelled back, "Why not? It won't start and I think it is out of gas."
I should have let him do it just to see what would have happened. However, as it turns out going over and "saving" Adam from destroying their mower was my ticket to getting to know Carla.
Carla had long chocolate brown hair with dark brown eyes to match. Her eyes were so dark you would have a hard time telling where the pupils ended. She did not have very big tits but they looked very well shaped.
After saving Adam from disaster, they invited me in for a beer. We talked for a while and I helped move a few boxes around just to be a nice neighbor. Adam went to the garage and Carla caught me checking out her ass as she was bent over getting some glasses out of a box. She just grinned at me and continued with her chore.
I said, "Well I should be heading out and let you two get back to work. Holler if you need anything, and gave Carla my number."
She looked at me and simply said, "Anything???"
I nodded and let myself out. I noticed that I had a raging hard on and that it was probably pretty obvious to Carla. When I got home, I went to my window so I could watch her a little more.
While watching Carla setting up their porch I decided that I might as well jack one off while I was there. I mean what the fuck right? I was safe in my bedroom and no way would she be looking over at me. She had way too much to do. WRONG.
So here I am stroking away on my cock and my phone rings. Windows are open and Carla looks over and sees me. If you have even seen a guy jacking off it was unmistakable what I was doing. She gets a smile on her face and then bends over showing me her ass. She spreads her legs and looks back at me with her head between her ankles. So fuck it I keep going and finish with just enough noise so that she can hear me.
She stands up and walks towards me as far as she can go and gives me a sly little wink of those dark eyes while blowing me a kiss with her pouty lips. I knew at that moment I was not going to be watching a lot of porn for a while. I had my own little show next door and could not wait to see what might happen when Adam was at work.
So over the next month or so I would notice Carla out working on various yard duties. Sometimes she would be planting flowers and sometimes tending to the garden she was planting both of which were right outside my bedroom window.
It was May in Minnesota and starting to really warm up. She was usually out it short shorts and a teal colored bikini top. Something about that color on her was a real turn on. I found myself watching her every chance I got. I never tried to hide it and she certainly knew I was there.
One Friday she came out as I was mowing my yard. He was wearing a see thru white button up top and nothing under. Carla started working on the flowers near my bedroom window. When I finished mowing, I walked over to see if she could use some help. She was on her knees and pretended at first as if she did not know I was there.
Suddenly she looked up at me and said, "Like what you see?"
Being a little bold, I replied, "Why yes I do. Maybe I should get in my bedroom and get to work."
"Well if you want to do it yourself go for it but Adam is up north fishing with his brother this weekend." She said with a look that just drew me in. "I'm feeling a little lonely so why don't you come on over and have a drink with me instead?"
"Well that sounds like it could be a lot more fun. Can I bring over anything?" I said.
She was still on her knees and had moved forward just a bit. She was only a couple feet away from my cock and I could feel it throbbing. She leaned forward as she stood and I could feel her breath on my bare legs as she blew gently on me to make a point.
"I think you have all I need already on you." She said and grabbed my cock thru my shorts. "Follow me!"
Well who was I to be disrespectful so I followed her onto her porch and into the kitchen.
She walked into the living room and took a seat in a chair across from the sofa. "Have a seat." She said pointing to the couch. "So I see you all the time watching me from your bedroom window. All I can ever see is your face but I think you might be pleasuring yourself while I am working. Is that what you are doing over there?"
This was not going as I thought it would. "Well um...you do wear some pretty sexy outfits for working in the yard." I said not wanting to admit to anything. "I just like to watch you work."
"Sexy! You think this is sexy? Adam never tells me I am sexy. He is always pointing out my flaws. He tells me that no one would ever want me."
"You have got to be shitting me Carla. You are a very sexy woman. Yes." I stated wanting her to know I meant what I was saying. "I am jacking off watching you over here. I do it a couple times a day."
I could feel my face turn red. I could not tell if it was because I just admitted to jerking off to this beautiful woman or I was upset that Adam would tell her such things.
"Carla, you should not listen to Adam. I do not mean to be rude but he must be a couple bottles short of a six-pack. First, I see him try to put gas where the oil goes in that mower. Second, he tells you that you are not sexy and third he then leaves you home alone in a new house. Hell, he must be dumb as fuck. Probably the only smart thing he ever did was marry you."
"Marry??" she said seemingly shocked. "He would never marry me. He says he feels sorry for me and that I am like the dog at the pound nobody wants. Makes him feel good to take care of trash he tells me."
At this point, I noticed that she does not have a ring on. I had never looked before. I just assumed they were married. I was really getting pissed off when I noticed that she was starting to cry. She stood up and started to leave the room. I stopped her and held her for a minute, then two. The tears slowly faded away and she pushed me away and went back to her seat.
I was not sure what to do and we sat in silence for about 5 minutes. All kinds of shit was running thru my head about what I would do to Adam when he returned.
"So you really think I am sexy?" She had her head down but the tears had not returned.
"You are incredible Carla. You should not believe anything other than that."
"I can't say I know what sexy feels like but I do get a strange feeling when I know you are watching me from your window. It kind of gives me goose bumps."
"Well if that makes you feel good I will keep doing it as long as you keep coming outside dressed to kill."
"Pat?" she said lifting her head. "Would you do me a favor?"
"Carla, I would do anything for you to put a smile back on your face."
"I have never watched a man jerk off before. Would you do that right now and let me watch? Please!"
Feeling a little embarrassed I said, "Well it would help if I could watch you. Let's do this together."
She stood without saying a word. Her long legs seemed to go on forever. She unbuttoned a couple buttons on her shirt and flipped it back. It floated to the ground around her ankles. Her tits were small but firm. Nipples were hard and she moved her hands up under them. She gently squeezed them all the while keeping eye contact with me.
"Your turn to lose some clothes" she said.
I stood, removed my t-shirt, then my shorts and all. I was now standing totally naked in front of a woman I had only watched from the privacy of my own home.
She looked me up and down with a grin on her face. "Damn I guess you must find me attractive. You have a nice cock. Show me what you do when you watch me."
I sat back down and watched her play gently with her tits. I was stroking my cock slowly as she moved her hands lower. She slid her panties off in a slow and teasing way. She was very well groomed with just a little patch of hair above her pussy. She placed her finger in between her pussy lips and I could see it glisten. She sat back down without taking her eyes off my hand working my cock.
She sat there moving her finger side to side making that swirling motion over those soft lips. Her face was getting that intense look that women get when they are getting close to cumming. I sat there stroking my cock faster now. She moved her right hand over the top of her left and slide a finger inside her pussy. She then started pounding on it as though her hand was a jackhammer fucking her. Listening to her hand slap her wet pussy repeatedly, I knew I would be cumming soon.
"Oh fuck, fuck" she screamed and pushed her hand against her pussy as hard as she could. Her eyes squinted looking over at me and her legs closed around her hand. Her whole body was quivering and out of control. Arms were shaking and her toes were curled up tight.
"Shit" I said as I began to shoot my load in the air. She watched me as I continued to pump myself getting out all I could. My body shook a couple times and Carla just watched me with a grin on her face.
"Well that was fun. Bathroom it down the hall to the right if you want to clean up." She stated.
"Ladies first" I said.
"I'm not going anywhere for a bit. Why don't you go clean up and then head home. I'll freshen up here and you can come back over for dinner later." She smiled as she told me what to do.
Feeling a little rushed out I agreed, picked up my clothes and did as she asked. I did not want to ruin things so thought that was best. At this point I not sure if the invite was her being polite or if she was serious. I figured I would see how it went when I got back to the living room.
Upon returning to the living room, she was still in the chair completely naked. I wanted to do so much more with her but decided I would let it be. This was her house and she clearly had some insecurities.
"Well Carla, I enjoyed that very much. Does that dinner offer still stand?"
"Of course silly" she said. "I had fun too. Having never done anything like that before it was very exciting. See you about 6:30?"
I agreed and bent down to give her a kiss. She seemed shocked that I did that but did not try to stop me. Just a gentle little kiss on her lips. As I started to leave, I could see a tear building up in her eye. She smiled at me and I thought she was going to say something. No words were said and I quietly left.
As the afternoon rolled on, I was thinking more about what Carla had said. How could a woman as beautiful as her feel so bad about herself. She was not a bitch like so many others I have seen. She was kind, sweet, caring and drop dead gorgeous. My ex-wife had a boyfriend like that at one point. While she had her issues, she was certainly not one that no other man would want either. While it did not work out for us but that was on both of us.
I decided that I would let Carla run things tonight. If she wanted to talk about what happened I would. If she wanted to pretend it never happened I could do that as well.
I walked next door at 6:30. Rang the bell and I heard Carla say to come on in. I let myself in and walked to the kitchen. She was looking the oven as I walked in. "Dinner will be done in about 10 minutes."
Carla was dressed is a light pink mini summer type dress with matching lipstick. The dress was tight on her and showed every curve and detail. There was no bra or panties on under that dress. Here long hair was layered in waves down past her shoulders. She looked like she belonged in that Venus catalog for women's clothing. She had on high-heeled sandals that made her stand close to 5' 7". I know this because I am 5' 9" and she had to just slightly look up at me when she approached me.
"Well it smells great. Italian?"
"Lasagna" she said. "I love to make this but Adam says it is no good. He always wants takeout."
"Well if it tastes half as good as it smells it will be fantastic."
At this point, she was standing in front of me and put her arms around me. She gave me a tight hug and looked up at me. Without a word, we kissed. A deep passionate kiss. My hand found its way thru her long hair and to the back of her head. I held her lips against my lips while we explored each other with our tongues.
As we parted, she stepped back, "Well I just wanted to get that out of the way. Didn't want any tension about this afternoon lingering into this evening. Well other than the tension I can see you are putting on your shorts with that hard on."
We laughed at her comment. She said, "Would you mind getting the lasagna out of the oven for me?"
I did that while she got everything all set. She pulled out a bottle of wine. I opened that and poured us each a glass. Her food was fantastic and dinner went well. We talked a little and laughed a lot. She really was a sweet woman. Adam was not mentioned again and I think we both liked it that way.
After dinner and cleaning everything up we headed to the living room with another glass of wine. I was thinking this might get to be a little awkward after this afternoon but it did not. I realized that she had cleaned up my jizz from the floor. I never even thought about that when I left today.
She had me sit on the sofa with my feet up and she sat back against me. I had my arms wrapped around her holding her from behind. She seemed to relax this way but feeling her back against my cock made me hard. I know she felt it and she seemed to enjoy the feeling.
We talked a little more about the neighborhood some while we finished our wine. Carla's head was pressed against my chest. My hands were laying across her stomach and I was slowly rubbing her. I moved my hands up until I had her breasts cupped in them. So soft and round with her nipples pointing up against the pink dress. I touched them and she shook.
I paused for just a second and she said, "Don't stop. I like that when you touch them like that."
I continued to very lightly run my fingers over her now rock hard nipples. She started to squirm a little, reached up, and dropped the dress off her shoulders. She slid it down to her waist reveling those perfectly formed tits.
I now rolled my hands over her tits and started to pinch her nipples.
Suddenly she whispered "Oh my God. I think I'm going to" and then it hit. She shook, quivered and tensed up all at once. I could not believe what just happened. Carla had an orgasm from just me playing with her tits.
She tilted her head back and looked up at me. "That was fucking intense. I have never had that happen to me. Of course I have never had someone so into me as you seem to be."
She rolled over and moved down just a bit. "I've never done this before so if I do this wrong please tell me." She undid my pants freeing my cock. She opened her mouth and wrapped those pink lips around my cock.
For someone that says she never did this before she sure must have watched some movies or read some how-to books. She seemed to know exactly what she was doing. She slid about 3 inches of my cock into her then would move out until just the head was in her mouth. It was warm and soft. She used her tongue on the underside of my cock as if she was trying suck a milk shake thru a straw.
While doing this she was pressing her pussy against my left knee. I could feel her riding my knee as if she was fucking it. She was moaning and fucking my knee when all of a sudden I could feel my leg getting wet. Holy shit she was cumming all over my leg. Carla was getting herself off on my leg while sucking my cock. I could not take it.
"I'm going to cum." I cried, fully expecting Carla to release my cock and finish me with her hand.
What she did next made for one of the most intense orgasms of my life. She deep throated my cock right up to the balls. I have a 7" cock and I think she could have taken 8" if I had it. With my entire cock in her mouth, I could feel her tongue on my balls. My cock pushed the first load deep into her throat. She gagged a little and then forced herself down even harder. Throbbing my cock continued to pump my hot jizz into Carla. Each pulse seemed to make her wetter. I had her cum running up and down my leg. Warm and silky smooth if felt like liquid velvet flowing on my leg. The move she came the more I came. She somehow continued this until she had milked out every drop from the deepest level of my balls.
As she slid my softening cock from her mouth, she licked some of her juices that were on my leg. She then moved up and whispered to me, "Our juices together taste great. Want to see?"
Not waiting for an answer, she kissed me and she was right. That kiss sent my heart racing and my cock started to get hard all over again.
She felt my cock twitch against her and looked down. Just then looked at me and got a huge smile on her face. "Let's get that cock inside me and see if you have anything left."
She then started to rub her wet pussy up and down my shaft. She was so wet she just glided on me back and forth. It was as if she was kissing my cock with her pussy. Back and forth she went teasing me. Every time I thought she was going to slip me in, she would slide back down leaving me desperate and getting harder. I wanted to fuck Carla NOW.
The she stopped with her pussy lips just slightly spread over the tip of my cock. She was in total control. It was up to her when I would be inside. She pressed her forehead against mine and looked deep into my eyes. Her eyes were dark and deep and I could see into her. As we stared into each other, she slowly slid my cock into her hot dripping pussy. She was so tight and I could feel her squeeze my cock. She did not move. She held my cock inside her as we stared into each other. Suddenly her pussy was pulsing like a drum at a rock concert. Her muscles were in full spasm and she was squirting all over me. I came hard and our throbbing seemed to be in rhythm with each other. Her then me, her then me. Squeeze, throb, squeeze then throb. Juices were flowing and then she kissed me. At that moment, I felt as if we were one. We were connected in so many ways. I put my arms around her and held her tight. We shook and quivered a little more and then we fell asleep.
When we woke, she looked at me, "I'm sorry I didn't mean to fall asleep on you."
"All is good babe." I said to her.
She sat up straddling me. "What time is it?"
"Your house," I said knowing this would sound cheesy. "I don't know where your clocks are. I have only been looking at you".
She grinned and with a smart-ass look on her face said, "Well Mr. smarty pants, I think it is time to see if you can get that cock or yours hard again."
It was morning and morning sex was never my strong point. Well until Carla that is. She went down and me and within a minute she had me at attention.
"Want to see a little dance I have been working on? Saw some girls doing this on YouTube and it looked like fun. I guess they call it twerking. Let me turn around and show you."
She spun around on me and was now in the reverse cowgirl position. I do not know how but she was still very wet. She pushed her pussy over my cock and started to twerk. She moved in ways I never thought possible. Watching that ass of hers bounce up and down on me sliding my cock almost all the way out only to gobble it all back up...
"Holy fuck." I yelled probably waking up neighbors. She dumped another load of juice on me and kept right on riding. I do not know if she even felt me cum this time, as she did not even slow down. She seemed to be lost in a world that she had been searching for all her life. She pumped and pumped. My cock grew limp and finally fell out. She continued to rub me for several more minutes' cumming a couple more times.
"Oh my God I am so sorry. I just did not want to stop. I hope that is ok?" she said almost sad.
"Carla you can do that to me all day every day." I said looking into those dark eyes.
We laughed while we cleaned up and hit the shower.
During breakfast I had an idea. I can be an impulse kind of guy and with Carla that was easy. We seemed to mesh on every level. Well at this point mostly physical.
"When is Adam going to be home?" I asked. The mention of his named seemed to bring her back down from the high I had put her on.
"Not until tomorrow about 3:00 pm or so, but I don't think I can face him now. I cannot imagine having to spend another day with him. God why does this have to end? Why do I have live with Adam? Why am I such loser? Why..."
"Carla STOP. Listen to me for a minute. You do not have to spend any more time with Adam. This does NOT have to end. Most importantly, you are NOT a loser. Adam is the FUCKING LOSER. I was trying all afternoon yesterday to figure out a way to get that son of a bitch back. So listen to me and hear me out. Have you unpacked everything yet?
She looked at me strangely, "Mostly just the kitchen stuff. Lots of my clothes and stuff are still in boxes because I won't need them for a while."
"Ok." I said. "Hear me out. I don't know where we are heading but I know I want to give us a try. No guarantees or anything but move next door with me. We can get all your stuff over there today. Take what you want and fuck the rest. When Adam gets home let him come home to an empty house."
"Are you insane?" She said but with a hopeful look in her eyes. "You have only known me for a little over a month. We barely talked at all until yesterday. Now you want me to move in with you?"
"Look it is partly to get you out of this situation but tell me last night was like anything else you have ever experienced. Tell me you do not want to see if we can have more. I know Adam broke you in many ways and that is not right. So yes damn it, I want you to get away from him but I want you for ME more. Carla you ended up next door to me for a reason."
With tears in her eyes, she just stood and walked over to me with her arms out. I held her for a while and in my heart, I knew I was falling in Love with this woman. This perfect woman for me.
She looked up at me, "Please tell me you are not just fucking with me."
"Carla" I said, "I am not fucking with you at all. Here is what I am thinking."
So we started to go thru her belongings and see what she wanted. I learned that with most everything she had there was attached a bad memory. Adam got a fancy dinner set for her because she did not cook well enough and it would take the guests mind off how bad the food was. Three vacuum's because she could never clean well enough. Numerous dresses that would make her look good because she did not otherwise. Perfume to cover "her stink". So many things that he did to bring her down.
"Ok Carla is there anything here that means anything to you at all?" I asked.
"Well I have some pictures in the basement from when I was a child. Not much else though." She started to cry again.
"Fuck this. If you want anything at all here, get it. Otherwise you can start over fresh with me." I told her.
We grabbed a few clothes and not much else. We left a note on the table that simply said, "Sorry Adam, I ran next door to get some cream. I should be home soon."
"I'll bet that will just piss him off that you left the house without his permission."
So that night we talked. I had no idea the damage that he had caused Carla. She would cry and laugh. We talked until the sun came up and by that time, I had her mostly laughing. We were hitting it off and found we had many things in common. We were NOT planning a wedding or anything like that. We even agreed to keep separate bedrooms for now until we figured out how things were going.
With the sun rising we got tired. We slept for a few hours but I had set an alarm for 1:30 in the afternoon. We got up and got ready for Adams return.
Adam was late like always and we saw him pull in about 3:30. Knowing we would not have much time, we were already sitting around naked. To pass the time we just kept slowing playing with ourselves. Carla came several times but I held mine in. I was building up a mega load.
Once we was Adam pull in I stood up in full view of the open front door. Carla came over, knelt in front of me, and started to suck my cock. She knew what she was doing.
"Wait for him to get here. Don't cum too early." She said between gags.
"You might want to slow down a little then sweetheart." I moaned.
She did not and that was probably for the better. Adam was on his way over. I said he would be at the door in about 10 seconds. With that, she buried my stiff cock all the way to the balls.
Knowing how bad he said she at sucking cock I knew this would get him the most.
"Suck it Carla. That a girl take it ALL the way down." I yelled. "Fuck it I am going to cum down your throat."
With that, I dumped yet another load into Carla's throat. My cock now completely buried in that beautiful face of hers and her tongue sticking out licking my balls Adam got to the door.
"What the fuck is this shit." He screamed. "You always told me you can't do that because you gag."
Her mouth dripping with my cum she looked at him. "Fuck you. Your little tiny cock tastes like Vaseline. All you do is fucking jerk off. I don't suck you cock like this because you are a FUCKING ASSHOLE."
"Sorry neighbor." I said. "Looks like she only likes men."
"Guess it is you now that nobody wants asshole." Carla quietly said. "Fuck off. I got all my shit over here that I want. I'm living here now and you can listen to him fuck me every day now."
Adam did not say anything else. He walked away and Carla got a smile on her face that I have not seen yet.
We continued this little fuckfest for about 3 months. Adam sold the house and left shortly after that day in May. Took a big loss to get out quickly. Carla and I never worked out. She stayed with me for about a year. Our sex slowly fading out. She had met someone and was taking her time with him.
"Pat?" she said on the day she was moving out, "I have to thank you for all you did for me. I have talked to my boyfriend Dave and told him everything. He said if there is anything that he can do for you to let him know."
"Thanks Carla. I may take you up on that someday. You have a skill set with that mouth of yours and I hope you are using it with Dave. You deserve to be happy."
With that Carla said, "Well I do have one more surprise for you. That is if you are up for it. Dave wants to fuck me while I suck you off. Kind of a going away present for you. What do you think?"
I did not have to say a thing. We had talked about this in the past. That she would like to be fucked by someone while blowing me. Just turned out this Dave guy was up for it.
With that, she went to the front door and waved in Dave. "He has been sitting outside this whole time?" I said.
"Yep. Told him I would either be coming out or I would wave him in." She said with that smile on her face.
We all went to her old bedroom and she started removing her clothes slowly while teasing us both. She went to Dave first and worked his pants open. Dropping them, I could see what Carla liked with him. She took his cock into her mouth and slowly just sucked on the very tip. Watching her with another cock in her mouth was quite the turn-on. I was going to drop my pants when she crawled over to me.
Knowing what I was going to do she said, "Now, now let me do that for you."
With amazing skill, my pants were on the floor in seconds. I took my shirt off and stood there with another guy watching me get my dick sucked by Carla. While I thought it might be strange it was actually quite the rush.
Carla stopped and let me get up on the bed. Lying there with my legs hanging over the end she bent over me putting her face on my cock. With that, Dave took the opportunity to come up behind her. She started to bob her head up and down on me while stroking me with both hands. She had a twisting motion that she did while she did that. One had going one-way and the other going the other. She would pump me with those hands while she had the head of my cock popping in and out of her wet mouth.
Dave started pumping her harder, which gave her a back and forth motion on me. This was different from any blowjob in the past. Twisting hands, head bobbing up and down while moving back and forth. My God, I cannot believe this is happening.
"Fuck me in the ass, FUCK ME IN THE ASS!" Carla screamed.
Dave spit on her ass while pulling his cock from her dripping pussy. I knew she was cumming and the wetness on his cock proved it.
"Here it comes." Dave warned her as he started his cock between her cheeks. He was moving slow and I knew this was his first time fucking her ass. She liked it hard and fast.
"Don't tickle my ass, FUCK ME like a man. Fuck me hard." She yelled.
Dave buried his cock in her ass just a couple times and he was done. She was pushing her ass hard against him. He almost fell over but pushed back. His entire cock was deep in her tight ass.
Looking down at Carla with my cock in her mouth as far as it could go she looked up at me. She could not breathe. Her eyes were pleading to me to cum. I obliged.
"Oh SHIT!" I said as my cock began to pulse and throb. She started to moan and cry as Dave filled her ass and I her throat. The vibration of her vocal cords wrapped about my swelling cock helmet caused an orgasm like no other I have never had. Dave was pushing Carla against me and I was pushing her against him. My cock filling her throat and his her ass.
Unable to breathe still I could see Carla turning blue. I tried to pull back but she grabbed my ass and pulled me hard. I did not resist. Carla passed out.
When Carla came to, she looked up at me. "So how was that? Everything you had imagined?"
"Damn Carla that was amazing. You did have me scared there for a minute. Once you passed out I pulled out to make sure you could breathe."
"I knew you would. I wanted to see if I could take it that far. Been wanting to try it with you but knew you might need the extra push." She motioned back to Dave.
With that, we all got dressed and they said their goodbyes. Carla said we would keep in touch and we do. Every few months she and Dave stop over. It was never going to work with her and me but she does have something good with Dave.