Maybe it was my dick talking, but I think I'm ready. I'll head out to dinner with Barry.
I have to take the jump sooner or later, and besides, it's the evening, so things may be a bit quieter. It'd be nice to get used to nudity on a less crowded campus before walking the 9AM class rush on Monday...not that it isn't crazy embarrassing either way.
I just gotta remember: The best thing I can do is feign confidence and pretend nothing is wrong. That's gotta be my MO from now on, just like in the hallway back from the shower.
"Fuck it," I say to Barry, "I'm down."
Barry seems almost shocked, but excited.
"Great! We're heading out soon, so get ready!" he says.
"Awesome, but I don't really think there's much I need to do," I say gesturing at my nude body.
"Ha!" Barry says, "I guess that's true...but are you sure you don't wanna take care of that before we head out?" He's gesturing to my dick. It's not rock hard anymore, but it's still noticeably erect.
That's actually a good question. Normally, it'd make sense to relieve myself before I head out, but my current circumstances make things a bit different. I'm going to be naked outside on campus for however long the walk takes, and THEN I'm going to be naked in a damn restaurant!
If I've learned anything in the last couple hours, it's that being horny makes me far less aware of how embarrassing this should all be. Shit, it usually makes it feel GOOD. As crazy as it is to admit it, I was having the time of my life jerking it in front of Barry. Then walking down the hall after my shower, talking to those parents and that Janette girl, it felt like my dick was pulling me through.
So honestly, even though being seen with a boner should be more embarrassing than being seen soft, just forcing myself to go out there hard and horny is probably my best bet...
"You know what?" I say to Barry, "I think I'm good.
Barry chuckles, "Alright, if you say so Mr Godiva!"
Barry continues, "Now, let me just throw on some nicer clothes, and we can head out. You don't mind if I change my shirt or pants in front of ya, right? I mean you're showing me all your stuff."
"Nah, go for it," I respond.
While Barry starts half-undressing, I open my phone and download Snapchat. I told that Janette girl I would so we could talk about the party tomorrow. I'll set up my account now, and I'll knock on her door to add her when I get back from dinner tonight.
Aaaaaand done. By the time I'm done setting up my account, Barry looks ready to go. He's wearing a clean polo shirt with cargo shorts. Really well dressed, especially compared to my birthday suit...
"Alright!" Barry says, throwing a bag over his shoulder, "We ready?"
"Ready as I'll ever be. Oh, here, could you hold on to this? I don't exactly have any pockets..." I hand him my phone.
He laughs, "Of course!"
He puts my phone in his pocket, and opens up the door. "After you."
Alright. I've already done this two times already. What's a third?
Without thinking, I step into the hallway, with Barry closing and locking the door behind us.
There's no going back now...
"Great! I still can't believe how chill you're being with all of this!" Barry comments.
He has no idea. I may be getting better at feigning confidence, but my heart is pounding, my stomach is churning, and my dick is on FIRE.
All my exposure so far will be small potatoes compared to what's coming up next...
"Yeah," I respond casually, "so what's this BBQ place even called?"
"Big Bones!" Barry responds in delight.
Oh, I just realized, I should probably check in with Michelle before I head out.
"Hold up Barry, I gotta check in with my RA real quick."
"You got it! I'll go wait by the front door to the dorms. Just come down the elevator when you're done, and I'll be there!"
Barry waltzes off, leaving me once again naked and alone in the hallway.
—————————————-
I approach Michelle's door, and knock.
The bombshell grad student opens the door much faster than I expected.
"Yea- OH! Jack! How're things going?" she excitedly asks.
She's wearing a bathrobe. I guess she hasn't bothered getting fully dressed yet after she got naked earlier.
"Good, good," I answer.
I can feel her eyes all over my body once more.
"Things going well with your roommate?" she asks.
"Yeah, we're doing great! I think I even made some other new friends when I went to take a shower earlier."
Michelle seems impressed. "Woah, you already went up and down the hall? Nice work! I'm surprised with how timid you seemed just a couple hours ago!"
"Yeah, I've just been forcing myself to stay confident and casual, and um, tapping into that energy, you mentioned earlier." God. It was hard to say that without turning red.
She smiles, and her eyes lock onto my dick. "Well that's great to hear! So, what are your plans for the rest of the evening?"
"Oh yeah, I'm about to head out to Big Bones with my roommate for dinner."
Michelle's jaw dropped, then put on a big excited grin, "Woah! You're going outside already? I'm floored! But nice work! Y'know it's a good thing you checked in with me. We didn't really anticipate you heading out until tomorrow morning, so we didn't send out any notices about your situation to any of the on-campus stores and restaurants and whatnot. I'll give Big Bones a call right now and let them know of all your special rules, and tell them you're on the way!"
Oh wow. I respond "Oh, so they don't already know?"
"Nope!" Michelle relies, "Thank goodness you stopped by and told me! If you walked in naked you might have gotten kicked out, and we would've had to step in! It could've been a whole big thing!"
I'm imaging myself walking butt naked into a rush-hour restaurant, and promptly being dragged on
"Geez, well thanks it didn't come to that," I say.
"Yeah! Well, I don't want to hold you up!" Michelle says smiling.
"Uh yeah, thanks, see ya later!"
"See ya, big guy! Keep up that confidence! It's hot! And remember, you can always stop by if you need any help!" she finishes off, and she closes the door.
Fuck. That bit about my confidence being hot got me good. Somehow, my dick remains at full mast.
—————————————————————
Alright, with that out of the way, I make my way to the elevator.
Somehow, there's no one in the halls on my way there. Opening the elevator, there's no one inside either.
I guess it's just myself for now, but I'm sure I'll have some...interesting elevator moments in my future...
I step inside the elevator, my bare feet against the cool metal floor. I press the button to go to Floor 1, as the door closes in front of me.
Naked in a dorm room. Naked in a hall. Naked in the dorm bathroom. Now naked in the elevator.
Everytime I go into a new environment nude, it feels so alien, like a totally new experience. I've ridden an elevator countless times before, but now doing it totally naked, it feels surreal and dreamlike...
Once again, my head is in a fog, and I feel an intense heat coming from inside me...
But just as soon I can start to relish in those feelings, I find the door opening in front of me. Fuck. Lobby time.
Bracing for the worst, I'm quite surprised when the only person I see is Barry, standing by the door to the outside...but that door...it's huge and made of glass...anyone can see in if they get close enough.
I see tons of people walking outside, some even look like they're walking towards the door. Fuck. Fuck. Fuck.
Ok... I take a deep breath, and remind myself of my oath to confidence. At the absolute least, I can't freak out right now.
"Hey! Man of the hour!" Barry shouts over the me.
I step out of the elevator, and meet him halfway through the lobby.
Barry continues, "Y'know dude, I was starting to get worried you bailed!"
I'm standing naked in the lobby, just a set of tinted glass doors separating me from the outside world! I thought running down the halls naked felt insane, but this is next fucking level!
It's just me and Barry right now, but I see people approaching, about to come through those doors! Not to mention I'm rock hard!! My senses are in total overdrive!!!
I force a response out of myself. "Pft! Nah, I'm not pussying out!"
Barry nods in respect. "Nice nice. You're pretty cool, Jack."
"Th-thanks, man," I say, struggling to hold myself back from complete mental collapse.
Oh no. Here they are.
The doors to the outside swing open, and in walk a pair of girls. They gotta be around my age, so they're definitely students. One is a tall, pale brunette wearing a yellow sundress, the other is an equally tall Asian girl, wearing a cute blouse and skirt.
Shit. Shit. Shit.
The girls see me, their jaws drop to the floor.
Jack, remember. Confident. Cool. Casual. Like nothing is wrong.
Gathering up all my willpower to not cover up and run away, I proudly place my hands on my hips, and smile at the girls, my erect cock jutting straight out.
Barry looked amused, as both girls just stare at me for what feels like several minutes, but what was likely just a couple seconds.
The brunette girl regains some composure, and shouts "PUT ON SOME CLOTHES YOU PERV!"
Holy shit. That's a first for me.
By the time I process what she even said, she and the Asian girl ran off down the hall whispering to each other. I swear I heard a giggle from the Asian girl...
Barry chuckles. "I'm sure you'll be getting a lot more of that, at least until everyone's aware of your situation!"
Oh yeah, just until everyone has seen my dick and knows me as the naked guy... Because that'll be easy...
Through the door, I can still see people moving outside, but it doesn't look like anyone is coming towards the building...
"Welp!" Barry calls out, "We better get moving! You still sure you wanna come? I wouldn't wanna force you or anything."
To be honest, I don't know myself. That momentary encounter with the girls was nuts. My encounters with Aster and Janette were objectively more involved and prolonged, let alone my jerk-off sesh in front of Barry, but this somehow felt like the craziest so far.
Here I am, butt naked in a totally public area, and I just had two girls pass me by, stare up every inch of my exposed body, and assume I'm some wacky pervert.
It's all so exciting...I'm already rock hard, but I think I may be feeling a little precum coming on...
Shit, what the hell should I do?
—————————————
Y'know, I'm always asking myself, "Do I REALLY want to do this?"
And every single time the answer is "Yeah, not like I have much of a choice."
Fuck it. Let's go.
"Yeah," I answer Barry's question, "why would I turn back now?"
Without saying another word, I take a deep breath, walk right in front of Barry, and open the door to the outside. Without thinking another thought, I take my first step onto campus as a 24/7 naked guy.
I'm immediately overcome by the sensation of the asphalt path against my feet, and the evening August breeze against my skin...my entire skin.
Before I can take it all in, I see them. Everyone. Staring.
First it's one group of people. They see me, they gasp.
Then another set of people notice that gasp, and look over to me, notice my nudity, and yell.
Of course, that scream causes everyone else to look over. Suddenly, everyone walking around or hanging out in front of the dorms has their eyes on my nude form, all with a variety of reactions.
Any normal guy would lose their minds, and probably cover themselves and run away, but not me.
But me? No. It was happening again. My desires, my urges, whatever you wanna call them, they were taking over.
It's just like Michelle said: when I get horny, my instincts seem to take control and keep pushing me for more and more exposure and excitement. And considering the fact that I haven't had release since my masturbation sesh with Barry, and I've been pent up, rock hard, and showing off to a bunch of people ever since...yeah, I'd say I'm pretty horny right now.
Without even thinking, my brain in a fog, I just kept walking, following Barry.
Now, despite my mind being in haze, I was still aware of every single person looking at me, and their variety of reactions.
In no time, the number of people who saw me was in the dozens. I was in pure ecstasy. No thoughts, just my body experiencing every sensation: my bare feet on the pavement, the wind over every inch of my body, and a jolt of pleasure from each person looking at me.
Some were looks of shock, jaws agape. Faces with eyes wide open, and hands covering their mouths. Some were followed by screams, and many were followed by loud gasps.
Some were looks of nervousness and embarrassment. Funny. Even though I was the one flaunting my cock and balls across campus, some viewers looked embarrassed themselves, blushing and turning away. Although I could see some leaking through their hands.
Some were looks of amusement, smirks. Those were often accompanied by smirks, and sometimes even outright laughter. A lot of pointing too. I even got some clapping and cheering, like this one guy who blurted out "YEAH! YOU GO DUDE!" pumping his fist in the air.
Some were even looks of arousal. Faces biting their lips, trying to look away but being unable too. I could see the desire in their eyes, even from far away. I even heard some wolf whistles. Whether they actually wanted to fuck me, or they were just turned on by seeing a naked man stroll across campus, I don't know.
————————————-
I was using the ounce of brain power I had to force myself to remain casual, to walk as if nothing was out of the ordinary, maybe occasionally wave to someone staring at me.
Amongst the plethora of bystanders I was passing, I saw this one set of girls all huddled together giggling and pointing. They weren't the first, but man, these girls were gorgeous. They looked a little older than me, probably seniors. And the- wait, what are they doing?
Oh fuck, they're coming up to me! They're not just watching from a distance or walking by like everyone else. They wanna interact with me!
Just a few feet in front of me, I can get a better look at these four girls.
There was a taller girl, pale skin with brown hair. Pretty skinny. She had glasses, and was wearing a blue sundress.
Second, there was a girl of average height and build. She had blonde hair. She had a cute t-shirt with shorts.
Third was another girl around the build, but with notably big boobs. She was a redhead with a face full of freckles. She was wearing a cute overall-skirt.
Lastly, there was a shortstack Latina. She was the shortest of the bunch, but her frame was more than filled in. She was wearing a black crop top and shorts.
All these pretty girls in nice outfits were now walking next to me, looking at me, who was far less dressed. They were all smiling, smirking, and giggling, fighting to hold back full-on laughter.
This was nuts. I was out in public with four bombshells following me along, their eyes taking in every inch of my naked body, including my still-erect cock.
The tall girl leaned over, smiling. "Hey big guy, what's with the getup?"
Oh god. Now I have to talk to them...Remember, play it cool...
"Oh you know," I respond, "it's a great day outside. Why not enjoy it?"
The girls giggled, still staring.
The short girl spoke up. "Butt-ass makes with a hard-on though?"
Might as well be honest.
"Oh yeah," I continue, "I'm part of this new program called the Human Sexuality Scholarship Program. They pick two frosh, one guy and one girl, to go naked for all four years."
The girls looked at each other in disbelief. I could tell from their expressions they didn't really believe me, but I guess they decided to roll with it.
"You're a frosh? Makes sense, I'd have remembered seeing a face as cute as yours around here!" the blonde said.
That got me. My dick twitched. I couldn't even force out a response.
I look around and realize Barry has drifted a good twenty feet away, but is still looking. Guess he's trying to give me space with these girls.
The redhead starts. "Soo...you just have to go around naked everywhere on campus? To classes and everything?"
"That's right!" I say, forcing a friendly smile. "Everywhere off-campus too! Guess some laws got pulled back or something. No clothes for me until I graduate!"
They girls are stunned, but they keep walking with me. They must think I'm just some crazy streaker making up some insane story.
The blonde girl speaks up, a sort of sarcastic, mischievous smile on her face. "Wooow, that's crazy! Say, so are you allowed to do like, sexual stuff, in public"
Oooooh boy.
I perk up. I'm starting to get a kick out of telling people this and seeing their reaction.
"Yep!" I reply, "I'm actually really encouraged to do it in public! Sometimes even required!" I say with a big smile, feigning total confidence.
Suddenly, I realize the girls are all looking down at my lower half, with a new, shocked expression on their face. Their jaws were agape and their eyes were popping out of their heads.
The shortstack manages to get some words out. "Is- is that why you're doing that?" she said, pointing at my dick.
What? What is sh-
I look down, and realize in horror what I was doing.
Somehow, my urges took control of me when I didn't even notice. Somehow, while I was explaining the program, my hand moved on its own, and started playing with my cock.
I had been absentmindedly touching myself while walking through the middle of campus, right in front of these four older girls.
Oh no. Oh no no no no.
The girls look back up at my face, expecting a reaction. FUCK. What am I going to do?
My gut is telling me to fucking stop and frantically apologize...but I can't do that. I need to maintain that cool confident image.
Besides, that primal urge inside me was specifically telling me NOT to stop. This felt...good. How much bolder could I possibly be?
Alright. I can't back out now. I'm going to forget about any social norms of expectations, and surrender myself fully to my urges.
Taking a deep breath, I keep my walking pace steady, adjust my hand, and start full-on stroking. Before, I was absentmindedly fiddling with my dick, but now? Now, I'm flat out masturbating while I walk.
I'm in a total haze. I'm sure there are tons of people looking at me from a variety of distances, but I'm not registering them. Right now, all that exists in my world is me, and these four gorgeous girls right next to me, watching we stroll through campus fully nude, pumping my cock like there's no tomorrow.
The girls look at me in shock. The tall girl speaks up in disbelief, "Y-you're fucking jerking off."
I shrug. "Yeah, so what?"
One after another, the girls' slack jaws shape back into huge smiles of shocked amusement.
The redhead asks, "So like, is this part of your program too?"
"Yep!" I answer energetically, "In fact, I'm not allowed to masturbate on my own at all. If I need relief, I gotta do it in front of at least one other person, or in a public setting where someone else might stumble into me."
The shortstack jumps in, "Wow, so I guess we'll be seeing a lot more of you then." She gives me this mischievous seductive smirk.
"You know it," I reply.
I keep walking and jerking, with these girls watching the whole way.
Every stroke was a wave of pleasure unlike anything I had ever felt, four pairs of eyes burning right into my engorged penis, dripping with precum.
God, I have no idea how I was able to keep walking without my legs collapsing.
—————————-
After a few minutes of this uninterrupted exhibitionist Heaven, I notice a glowing sign in front of me reading "Big Bones BBQ".
I stop stroking, and wave to the girls. "Well ladies, this is my stop!"
The girls, their faces now beet red, look at me with confusion and disappointment. "You're not gonna finish?"
God, they would want me to cum, wouldn't they?
"I don't know, I gotta head inside for dinner."
Just as I finish talking, Barry enters my little bubble of perception. "Actually Jack, we got time. Go ahead, knock yourself out!"
The girls perk up, eagerly awaiting my response.
Fuck it. Why stop here?
"Alright ladies, if you insist!"
I lean against the wall of the building. My body is drenched in sweat, from a combination of my infinitely arousing situation and the hot summer evening. My back slides against the wall, and I once again start going to town on my dick. No hesitation.
The blonde reaches into her pocket, and pulls out her phone. Oh shit, she's pointing her phone at me! She's gonna record this! Jerking off across campus was one thing (yeah, a pretty big thing) but with this, this moment will be immortalized! She'd be able to send it anywhere, and to anyone! Shit, she may even post it publicly!
.....
Fuck. I can't deny it. That's so fucking hot.
The blonde girl keeps recording, and the other girls look at each other in surprise.
The redhead speaks up, "Um, is it ok if we record you and take some pictures?" Guess the rest weren't AS bold as to just start recording like the blonde.
"Oh yeah," I pant back, "go to town. Record whatever you want!"
I'm a mess. Any sort of cognizance I have left is completely overridden by pure unfiltered lust.
Now with four phones pointed at me, I hear some clicking noises. I guess some prefer to take pictures as well.
I speed up my strokes, I'm nearing the edge.
Soft moans escape my mouth, and I hear the girls gasp and giggle in response.
And I'm loving every second of it.
My cock is covered with precum, allowing my hand to slide up and down effortlessly at crazy speeds. I can't imagine who else is walking by and seeing this.
...
No.
Fuck this.
I can't fool myself any longer!
This is the hottest shit I've ever even dreamed of! I love everyone being able to see my naked body! I love all the eyes on my cock! I love the feeling of people watching me perform some of the lewdest acts imaginable IN PUBLIC!
I AM AN EXHIBITIONIST!
I speed up my hand one last time, putting in everything I have.
"FUCK!" I yell, no attempt to silence my voice, "I'M GONNA CUM!"
With one last touch of my glans, white goop jets out of my dick into the air! Then another spurt, then another, then another.
All the while, I hear cheering from the girls, and a frenzy of camera clicks on their phones.
Holy fuck.
My back slides down the wall, as I drop to the ground.
The girls come up to me smiling.
Uh oh. That famous post-nut clarity is setting in, and I'm getting scarily aware of the reality of my situation. I can start to see all the people in the distance who were also watching me...some of whom also had their cameras out.
Stay calm. Yeah, you just jerked off to completion outside of a campus restaurant at prime dinner hour, fully nude might I add...but everything's ok!!
Just stay calm and smile!!
Don't worry about the incredible feeling of shame and embarrassment!
Be chill and confident!!!
The girls are still standing above me, almost as if they're waiting for me to say or do something.
Still panting, soaking wet, I manage to mutter out, "Enjoy the show?"
The girls burst out laughing at my remark, but quickly gather their bearings.
The tall girl remarks "DUDE! That was insane!"
"Yeah," the short one says in excitement, "you're nuts! In a good way I mean!"
The blonde one holds up her phone. "You got Snapchat or something?"
"Yeah, I do! Barry?"
Barry steps out, the biggest grin on his face, and hands me my phone. It's almost slipping out of my sweaty palms.
"Here," I say, holding out my phone for them to scan my snapcode.
They all scan the code as I see their names show up on my friends list. The tall girl is Brittany. The redhead is Patty. The Blonde girl is Sharon. The short girl is Beth.
"Awesome," I say, still sitting on the ground, "oh, make sure you send me all the photos and vids you took! I wanna see em!"
Sharon chuckles, "oh, you can see it all on my Snap Story!"
God. I wonder who else has seen it by now.
Patty interjects, "So, you were serious about all that Sex Scholarship stuff? You're gonna be naked 24/7?"
I nod and smile. "You got it."
"Oh hey! Before we let you go!" Beth shouts out, "Let's all get a selfie!"
I laugh, "Alright, why not?"
Sharon kneels down on one knee next to me.
"Hey," she asks, "so what's your touching policy? Asking for the posing here."
Holy shit. Hmmmm.
"Fuck it, do whatever you think'll be best for the photo," I answer.
Sharon puts her hand on my leg.
Patty stands behind Sharon, putting her arm on my shoulder.
Beth sat down right next to me on the other side, and wrapped her whole arm around my neck.
Finally, Brittany stands by Beth, holding the camera out with her long arms, and snapping the pic from an angle where we're all including.
Holy fuck, that photo. It was fucked actually seeing myself like this, a naked mess surrounded by these gorgeous clothed women.
They all gather around to look at the image and giggle.
"Well, thanks so much for the show, big guy!" Beth says.
"Yeah, see you around!" Brittany says smiling.
"I hope we have some classes together," Sharon says almost seductively.
"Better not quit this scholarship!" Patty says.
"Yeah, see ya around! It's been fun!" I spit out.
The girls walk away, huddled together, definitely discussing this whole episode.
——————————————-
I regain my bearings, and stand up.
I'm thinking a bit more clearly now: not consumed by my libido, and not shaken by the post-nut haze.
Did I really mean all that? In my head, when I started calling myself an exhibitionist? I know this shit has admittedly been INSANELY stimulating for me, but is that really who I am?
No time to dwell on it now...
Barry walks up to me. "Ready to head inside, champ?"
I nod my head.
Showtime. I gotta enter this restaurant like I own the damn place...as a completely naked, sweaty, post-orgasmic, mess.