A million thanks to BffseOhio for editing!
~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~
**PLEASE NOTE:
**Before you read this chapter be advised it contains very graphic depictions of raw sex and or love making between two or more consenting adults.
**IF you get upset or you lose sleep at night over anything sexual, PLEASE don't read any further. If you choose to read this chapter after being WARNED, you have only yourself to blame. Please don't leave derogatory comments.
**You may not enjoy reading a particular portion of the story, that doesn't mean other readers will dislike that portion also. It's a different stroke for different folks kind of story.
**No one is forcing anyone to click on any story or chapter published on Literotica and if you choose to read it to the end without clicking the back button on your computer - - Oops! Ya can't complain ya didn't like what ya read!
~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~
**Author's Note: This is a continuous story where each chapter builds on the previous chapter. If this is the first chapter you've encountered of The Morrisons, I'd like to suggest you go back and read the previous chapters first, so you'll understand the character's actions as you read this chapter. I've added a list of the main story characters on the last page of the story. Please enjoy!
~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~
I appreciate hearing from the readers of my stories and I want to thank all those who took time to send me an email. I try to answer all the emails I receive and I really appreciate all your kind comments. Please realize I can't answer those readers who send me comments anonymously.
~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~
For the record: All characters in this story are legal aged!
~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~
****************************
From - Chapter 13
Beth rolled over and embraced Kim and they hugged and kissed for a few seconds then Beth rolled over and hugged me to her naked body and kissed me. When our kiss ended Beth rolled back on her back then looked at each of us before saying, "Is this real or is this Memorex?"
All of us laughed for a few seconds then I said, "It's as real as you want it to be. I love you and I look forward to the possibility of our relationship blossoming into something very beautiful and fulfilling for all of us."
Kim said, "I don't want to be a spoil sport of it's late and we need to get to sleep otherwise we are going to all regret it tomorrow."
We took turns kissing and then I hit the switch on the headboard and turned off the light. I moved in close to Beth and she took my hand and placed in on her pussy. Within a few seconds I felt a female hand being placed on top of mine. Then I heard Beth say in a quiet voice, "I want both of you to know, I love your proposal and I want........ oh your hands on my pussy feels so good."
****************************
Chapter 14
I woke up about fifteen minutes before my alarm clock went off so I reached over and hit the button and turned it off before it caused too much of a ruckus. When I rolled back I looked into Kim's smiling face, then her eyes looked downward and when I followed her eyes, I saw a very naked Beth lying between us on her back. Kim was smiling the proverbial ear to ear smile. Looking at Kim's face again, I saw her mouth the words, "I love you."
As much as I hated to disturb Beth's peaceful sleep, I nudged her only a couple of times before her eyes fluttered then opened. Beth looked up at me then turned her head and looked at Kim before saying, "Good morning. What a lovely way to wake up."
Beth continued by saying, "I slept on your proposal and I think before we decide anything, we should meet with the other family members to make sure everyone approves. They should be able to voice their opinions so no one feels left out of this important decision; and it is a very important decision."
Kim leaned over and kissed Beth and then Beth rolled her head towards me and I kissed her passionately then said, "Beth, by your statement, you just proved to us that we made our proposal to the right person. I'm sure you will fit right in and become an equal member of our family. We'll set up a family meeting with Jenna and Terri because one is our daughter and the other has accepted us as her parents."
Before we crawled out of bed we hugged and kissed a few minutes. When my feet hit the floor I told the girls, "I'll be right back; I've got to go wake up Jenna."
I walked down the hall looking into each room as I went. What an exquisite warm feeling I had surge through my body - seeing nude people sleeping peacefully. I walked into Jenna's room and my lovely daughter was lying on her back with her legs spread wide open and her left middle finger was tucked into the top of her pussy, over her clit. An urge surged through my body as I crawled up on her bed as gently as I could. When I was within tongue distance from her sweet pussy I stuck out my tongue and licked her. The first time I didn't get any response, but the second time a small moan escaped her lips. On the third lick, I pushed my tongue into her slit and moved all the way up to the top and pushed her finger out off her clit. That time, without opening her eyes, she mumbled, "mmmmmm that feels fantastic!"
Without any hesitation I used my thumbs to open her delicate flower exposing her button clit to my view. I licked and sucked her clit and soon my baby daughter was humping her hips trying her best to keep my tongue attached to her clit. I knew I didn't have much time so I sucked her little nubbin between my lips and trapped it in my teeth then I used my tongue to massage it and sent Jenna into seventh heaven. Jenna was moaning and screaming louder than I realized. When I pulled my face away from her pussy, I noticed Ted, Marion, Mary and Shelly had rushed to Jenna's bedroom to see if there was a problem, and then stayed to watch me give my daughter a morning wake up orgasm. When Jenna could breathe a little bit normal again she smiled at me saying, "Oh God, daddy, you sure know what a girl needs to start off her day right."
I smiled and said, "You trained me right, baby. However, it's time to get up and get through the shower. I've got to get going myself."
I crawled off the bed and smiled at all the observers then said, "Good morning, I really didn't mean to wake all of you up."
Ted put his arm around my shoulders and said, "I have to ask you a question. Come on let's walk back to your room."
As we walked down the hall towards my room and out of earshot of the others, Ted leaned over to me saying, "Marion and I will be coming to the event tonight. We are going to reverse rolls for tonight and we aren't going to talk to anyone, so don't be offended. I can't take the chance of anyone recognizing me, by hearing me talk. I want you to know I'm committed to seeing those scum bags get what's coming to them."
I smiled at Ted and said, "I'm glad to hear you've figured out how to be there. I'm not sure what's going to happen, but any type of punishment is going to be good."
By the time I walked into my bathroom Kim and Beth were just finishing up so I stepped in with them and both of them started washing my body. When we were finished, Beth went to her room where she had her personal items so she could finish getting ready for work.
Kim and I finished our personal grooming before we got dressed, then we headed down to the kitchen. When we entered the dining room we saw everyone already seated at the dining room table. I smiled and said, "Good morning, it warms my heart to see our friends first thing in the morning."
Kim smiled at everyone and said, "For years it was just a three of us and I enjoyed those years very much, however, seeing all of you early in the morning makes my day."
Terri asked us what we wanted to eat for breakfast and I told her what I'd like for breakfast with Kim, Jenna and Beth agreeing with my selection. Terri, Mary and Marion all walked into the kitchen. Marion and Mary came back with coffee for Kim and me and soon the trio was back carrying our breakfast.
We ate breakfast and talked about what had to be done today in preparation for Saturday's party. Terri said she was making all the phone calls today and would have the tent delivered this afternoon and set up. Terri asked, "Since we are unsure of the number of people who may attend the party and I have to give the caterer a number today, should I bump the number up to sixty people?"
Kim immediately asked, "Terri what if we don't have sixty people here for the party; what will we do with all the extra food?"
Terri thought for a moment then said, "It won't be a problem. If we have extra food left over, we can donate it to that homeless veteran's kitchen in the city. They used to stop at the store where I used to work and get some things for the veterans. I'm sure they won't be hard to find."
I looked at Terri and said, "Go ahead and tell the caterer sixty people and when the party is over we'll find out where that homeless veteran's kitchen is and even if we don't have food left, we'll take them a check on Sunday. I didn't know there was a homeless veteran shelter around here."
Mary looked at Ted and said, "I think I know where that place is. It's down on Front Street, next to the river. I remember seeing guys in old military clothes hanging out down there when I was on patrol."
Ted said, "I'll drive down there today and see where it is. Maybe they'll give me a tour of the place. I didn't realize they were there either and I'm a cop in the city."
Terri said, "Since we are having a caterer, would it be ok if I contacted a DJ or a small band? I know its short notice, but someone always knows someone who isn't booked and would be able to play."
Kim spoke up asking, "How would you go about getting someone who would play at a nudist event on such short notice?"
Soft spoken Hanna said, "Mom, who would turn down a chance to see naked females wiggle their ass and shake their tits while dancing?" The room erupted in laughter and everyone congratulated Hanna on her comment, including Kim.
Kim looked at Terri and said, "You'll have to be discreet with who you get for music."
Terri smiled back and said, "Don't worry mom, I'll even interview them today if you want me to."
I looked around the table and said, "Well girls we have to get our butts moving if we are going to beat the heavy traffic." I picked up my cup and finished the rest of my coffee then stood up and brushed down the front of my suit.
There was a rush of people leaving Kim, Jenna, Beth and me behind in the dining room. When we walked into the kitchen everyone was lined up for kisses and hugs on our way out to the garage. I smiled as I went down the line and enjoyed that brief moment with each one of these wonderful people. In the garage I opened the door and Jenna started to walk out when I asked her, "How many times a week do you flash the truckers?"
Jenna stopped and spun around asking, "Why, daddy?"
I smiled and said, "Your mom told me you flashed them often. Sometimes you flashed them without your skirt on."
Jenna smiled and said, "Don't worry, daddy, I only let them look and then I drive on. I'm not dumb enough to stop and talk to a stranger. I just want to make their day by showing them my pussy."
I smiled and said, "I want you to be careful when you do something and there isn't anyone around to protect you."
Jenna smiled that award winning smile at me saying, "Yes, daddy, I will."
Kim and Beth sat down in my car and Kim pulled her skirt up enough to show me she didn't put any panties on again today. I smiled as she opened her legs and said, "Make sure you find some trucks on the interstate."
I saw Beth's face in my rear view mirror and she was smiling, then she winked at me. I did as Kim requested and pulled up beside four trucks on the way to work. Kim laughed while I was beside one truck. I asked her what was so funny and she said it was a female driver and she was licking the "V" between her fingers then pointing at Kim. I stayed beside that truck longer than I did any of the others, but soon it was time to get off the interstate so I told Kim to wave goodbye. Kim not only waved goodbye, but she also blew the females truck driver a kiss before I stepped on the gas and moved ahead so I could get off at the next exit.
I pulled up in front of Kim's office and she leaned over and kissed me, then blew a kiss to Beth in the back seat. Kim pulled down her skirt and opened her door to get out. She leaned down and said, "I'll let everyone know I will be away for a few days next week. I can't wait to go to Germany."
While I was driving over to our office building Beth was silently sitting in the back seat. I would look up at her in the rear view mirror and she would smile at me each time. When I got to our building, I parked in my designated spot and got out of the car. I opened the back door for Beth and when I looked in she was sitting there with her skirt up around her waist and her legs spread. I looked into Beth's eyes as she stared up at me before asking, "Would you like me to take my skirt off and walk in without it?"
I smiled and said, "You are going to get us in trouble. But hell, I love trouble. No, you had better leave your skirt on until we get to the office."
My cock was down my left pant leg and it was very, very, obvious I had a hard on from seeing Kim and now Beth with their skirts pulled up. I had Beth walk in front of me so my hard on wouldn't be so obvious to anyone we passed on the way to our offices. We stopped briefly at Kelly's desk and she handed each of us a folder and told us the folders contained more information about our trip. Kelly told us she would be right in with our coffee and Danish. Just as we turned to walk into the office, Kelly said, "I would like to go on a trip with you some day. I envy both of you going to Germany."
I smiled at Kelly and said, "Someday I'll take you on a trip."
Beth and I walked into her office where she turned and said, "Kelly saw your cock. I'm sure of it because her eyes locked on your crotch area and when I looked down I noticed you were standing off to one side of me."
I smiled and said, "I guess she is going to learn our secret sooner or later, but I hope she isn't one of those blabber-mouthed secretaries."
Beth asked, "Do you want me to talk to her and find out what she's thinking?"
"Yes, but do it as one of those female to female discussions instead of work related type discussion. I am sure you know what I mean." I said with a huge smile on my face.
"I know what you mean and when I talk to her I'd like to be in a place where we can really talk. I'm going to take my secretary out to lunch today. That's if it's ok with my boss." Beth winked at me when she finished talking.
I was sitting behind my desk when Kelly came in with our coffee and Danish. Once she gave each of us our coffee I said, "Kelly, please get your coffee and come back here."
While she was out of the room I looked at Beth saying, "I want you to talk to her then invite her to lunch today. Tell her to choose a fine restaurant and make reservations for two. Then I want you to call Joe and have him drive the two of you to lunch. That will make her feel special and more likely to open up to you."
When Kelly returned with her coffee she sat down and Beth started the conversation by asking how Kelly was adjusting to her new position. Kelly was very candid and told us what we wanted to hear. After a few minutes I asked Kelly if she had any suggestions for possible changes. She thought about my question then smiled saying, "I don't at this time, but may I reserve the option to tell you if I come up with anything?"
I looked directly at Kelly for a moment then replied, "Sure, we can leave that question open-ended. If you ever have a suggestion, you may come to me with it."
Beth spoke up saying, "Kelly, I'd like to get to know you a little better so I'd like to take you to lunch today. I want you to choose an upscale restaurant and make noon time reservations for the two of us. Whatever restaurant you choose, please tell them you want to be seated in a quiet corner, so we can talk. Oh, make a third reservation in a different part of the restaurant for Joe. I'll make arrangements with Joe to pick us up and take us to lunch."
Kelly was all smiles when she said, "I'll get right on it. Thank you so much for taking me to lunch. Should I make arrangements for someone to sit at my desk and answer the phone while we are out?"
I said, "Yes, Kelly, you should always have someone sit in for you while you are away from your desk. Beth, please work with Kelly to develop a short list of secretaries to call on when Kelly is away from her desk."
I reminded Kelly neither Beth nor I would be in the office on Monday through most of next week. I told her she can contact either of us on our cell phones during that time if something important comes up. Smiling I said, "If that's all for now, I have to get through this paperwork. Kelly, Beth and I will be leaving early today so we can prepare for our trip."
Kelly stood up and walked out of the office and my eyes were drawn to her ass as it gently swayed side to side while Kelly's ass cheeks moved up and down with each step she took. When she closed the door I looked at Beth and she had a smile on her face and a gleam in her eyes. I stared at her for a few moments then I asked, "Why are you smiling like the Cheshire cat?"
Beth giggled before she started with, "Oh, nothing really. I saw you notice Kelly has great assets as well as being a very professional secretary. I don't blame you because I've been checking her out myself."
I smiled and said, "Yes, Kelly is very professional."
Beth sat in her chair and pulled her shirt up and opened her legs then said, "I need to call my parents if you want them here tomorrow for the party. How do you plan to get them here if they decide to take you up on your offer?"
I leaned forward looked directly between Beth's legs and talked to her pussy when I said, "I want you to come over here and call your parents on the speaker phone and at the appropriate time I will make my suggestion if it sounds like they are interesting in coming."
Beth stood up and walked around behind my desk and pushed the speaker phone button and I heard the dial tone. After she dialed the number the phone rang four times before we heard a female voice say, "Hello?"
Beth immediately identified herself and started a conversation with her mom. They talked briefly about how each of them were doing before Beth said, "Mom, I'm at work so I don't have a lot of time to talk now, but if everything works out we will have a lot of time to catch up tomorrow. I called to ask if you and dad would like to come here for a party tomorrow."
Beth's mom said, "Oh honey, we'd love to, but you are four hours away and besides, your little sister is here with her boyfriend for the weekend. We can't leave them here while we go off someplace, it wouldn't be polite."
I looked at Beth at the same time Beth said, "Mom, you are on speaker phone and I'm standing next to Mr. Morrison, who is my boss, and he is the one who is inviting you to his home for the party. I think he has something to say mom."
I looked up at Beth then said, "Hello, Mrs. Thompson, my name is Dan Morrison and you may call me Dan."
Beth's mom said, "Hello, Dan, I am very happy to hear my daughter is doing so well working for you. She called us and told us about how you helped her get a promotion to executive secretary. She has always been a very hard worker and her father and I really appreciate you being so kind to her. Oh, by the way, you can call me Kathy and I spell my name with a "K"."
I smiled up at Beth while listening to her mom then said, "Ok, Kathy with a "K", thank you very much, but you are giving me far more credit than I deserve. Beth is the one who did all the hard work and showed me her abilities to succeed in whatever she does. However, the reason for this call is to invite you to a small party of about sixty people tomorrow at my home. You can bring your daughter and her friend with you, there will be plenty of food and we can always make arrangements for you to stay over so you won't have to travel back tomorrow night."
Kathy quickly replied, "Dan, I want to thank you so much for your invitation, but we live four hours away from you and that's a pretty far distance for us to travel. I don't think we can make this party, but if you want to invite us again some other time we will definitely come down there."
Beth spoke up saying, "Mom, I've been around Dan for six years now and he would not be making an offer unless he had a plan so please listen to him before you make up your mind."
I smiled up at Beth before saying, "Your daughter is right. I don't make offers like this unless I have a plan worked out. Kathy, do you have an airport or landing strip near your home?"
Kathy was quick to respond, "Yes, yes, we have the county airport about fifteen minutes from our house. It's small but some large planes land there about three times a week. It mostly serves the farmers around here with their small planes as well as the crop dusters."
I said to Kathy, "The problems are solved except for you to say yes, you'll all come down here for the party tomorrow. I have a friend who has a Cessna Caravan 675 and it seats up to twelve people. I can have him fly up and pick all of you up with your luggage to stay overnight and fly you back on Sunday. That way it will give all of you some time to spend with your daughter before I take her to Germany with me next week."
Beth and I heard her mother squeal before she asked, "Beth, why didn't you tell me you were going away next week?"
Beth spoke up saying, "It is rather sudden mom, just like this trip for you. We didn't find out until yesterday and I haven't had a chance to tell you yet. So now that Dan has solved all the problems of the trip for you, will you come down and see me and party with the Morrison family?"
Kathy said, "Wait a minute let me get your father on the radio, he's out in the field right now. Hold on, I'll be right back."
Beth looked at me and said, "We have a base station in our house and all the tractors have radios in them so we can stay in contact with each other while they're out in the fields working."
About three minutes later Kathy picked up the phone and said, "Dan, my husband wants me to confirm that we won't be intruding on you and your family."
I laughed a little out loud and responded, "Kathy, please remember I invited you and your family. It is certainly no intrusion and my wife and I would love to meet both of you. Beth has told us so much about you."
Kathy snickered before saying, "I hope she only told you the good things about us."
I laughed again saying, "You have nothing to worry about. Beth has spoken highly about both of you and your family. I know she is anxious to see you because she's bouncing up and down on the floor beside me waiting for you to say yes."
Kathy said, "Ok Beth, you can stop bouncing now. Yes, Dan, we'll be happy to attend your party. What time should we be ready to fly down there?"
I asked what time they got up and around in the morning and Kathy reminded me they were farmers and they were out of bed before the chickens. I smiled and said, "Let me call my friend and see what time I can get him up there and then I'll have Beth call you back. If earlier is better, then you would have more time to spend with Beth. She will be staying at our home tonight so she will be there when you arrive."
Beth and I could hear the change in Kathy's voice when she said, "Oh yes, Dan, we are up very early in the morning so anytime after five o'clock is fine with us."
I smiled and said, "I'll certainly have my friend revving up the engine before the sun comes up then."
Beth said, "Ok mom, I'm glad you are coming and I'll talk to you as soon as Dan finishes talking to his friend."
Kathy bid both of us good bye and we disconnected from the call. I picked up the phone and dialed my friend's number and when he answered the phone I told him what I wanted him to do and asked him if he was available to fly for me. He said flying up early on Saturday was no problem but he had a charter on Sunday and wouldn't be able to take them back until later in the day or early evening. I looked up at Beth and she was shaking her head affirmatively so I told him which airport to fly into. I told him the family he was picking up only lived fifteen minutes from the airport so if he was going to land before seven in the morning, he could call them and tell them he was running early. I gave him the Thompson's home phone number. I told him the earlier he got back with the family the more time they would have to spend together. I asked him what time he would be back to our airport and he told me approximately eight thirty. I told him if he was going to be earlier than that to call me at home and let me know, otherwise I would be by his hangar at eight fifteen. I asked him for the number on his plane so I could give it to Kathy Thompson.
We talked about taking the family back on Sunday and I told him he could always call me at home while he was in the air on Sunday and we could meet him at the airport so he wouldn't have to wait around. He agreed to do that instead of guessing what time he would be ready to fly them home. On a final note I told him to send me the bill and I'd take care of it.
I hung up the phone and looked at Beth, saying, "You can call your mom and tell her to be at the airport a little before seven so they will be ready when he arrives. Give her this number and tell her it will be on the side of the plane towards the back. It sounds like a small airport there so it shouldn't be a problem for them to watch the plane land. Oh, make sure you tell your mom they will only need enough clothes to wear on the trip and if they go shopping with you."
Beth leaned down and planted a kiss on my lips and then pulled back and looked at me before she said in a quiet voice, "I love you, in a special way, Dan Morrison."
Without saying anything more she stood up and walked around my desk and picked up her coffee and Danish and walked to the door. At the door she stopped and looked over her shoulder asking, "I'm sure you don't want to be disturbed unless it's important, correct?"
I smiled and winked at Beth saying, "I have to get through this paperwork and I don't need any distractions. I want to have a free weekend for my guests."
Beth said, "I won't let anyone disturb you and I'll tell the temp secretary not to disturb you either when I take Kelly to lunch." Beth closed the door and I reached into my drawer and pulled out the papers Tom sent me then I set up my laptop so I could get the information transferred so I didn't have to shuffle any papers at the meetings.
****************************
At home everything was moving right along. When Ashley and Debbie arrived they sat down and drank a cup of coffee with everyone. Terri told them to contact their partners and invite them to the party. Also Terri said to Debbie, "Kim said you should invite your mom to the party as well, but let her know we are having a nudist party so she won't be surprised."
Debbie smiled and said, "Mom has been taking off her tee-shirt every now and then and walking nude around our house - even with Joe there. She even smiles now when dad and Joe get hard looking at her."
Everyone giggled and Terri said, "I hope she won't be too embarrassed with a lot of other people here."
Debbie smiled and said, "I'll let her know when I tell her so she can make up her mind."
Terri said, "If both of you can come out here in the morning and just go through everything quick, and do up the towels, we should be fine. I'll call and see about getting some additional towels delivered, this afternoon." Both Ashley and Debbie agreed to come out early in the morning and get the house in shape before it got late.
Marion said, "Terri, I forgot to tell you I have to go to our house today. I've got to leave around one o'clock this afternoon and will probably be gone until after supper. Ted has a couple of things for me to do."
"Terri looked at Marion asking, "Will both of you be spending the night at your house?"
Marion said, "No, we'll come back out here when we finish what we need to get done."
Terri looked at Shelly and asked, "Want to take a walk with me because I have to go find Tony, his wife and sisters so I can let them know about the party tomorrow?"
Both Shelly and Terri walked out into the early morning sun and down off the deck towards the sound of the tractor. They found the four people busy digging up an old bush to make way for a new floral plan. Everyone stopped working and exchanged pleasantries with Terri and Shelly. Terri let everyone know the Morrisons were having a party the next day then she invited all of them to come. Patty said, "We had such a great time at the last party, we won't miss this one."
As an afterthought Terri asked, "Do any of you know a DJ or a small band that may be free to play music during the party, and most of all they won't mind being nude, like all of us. I will make sure they are well compensated for the last minute booking. I'd need to talk to them today to make sure they would be cool with nudity."
Beth said excitedly, "I know a female DJ, but I don't know if she is booked or not. I could call her and see. I will tell you that she's a single mom and she has two children so even if she isn't booked she may have trouble finding a babysitter."
Terri smiled and said, "Well, let's go call her because if she can solve my problem of finding a DJ then I can solve her problem of finding a babysitter. Dan said he wants me to find someone to watch Jeff and Tina's children so a few more children won't matter."
Patty spoke up saying, "I have a sister who's still in high school and she may be interested in watching the children for you. If you have enough kids and you need two babysitters, she has a friend who's normally glued to her side, and she can help my sister if you needed."
Terri smiled and said, "Come on, let's go to the house and make some phone calls. If I can solve all these arrangements with a couple of calls, I'll be a very happy girl."
On the way back to the house Terri asked Patty and Beth, "Do both of you understand that we are looking for the people who won't have a problem being nude?"
Patty was the first to speak up saying, "I told my family that Tony and I are nudists and we don't wear clothes if we don't have to. My mom asked a lot of questions at first but when I answered everything to her satisfaction, she agreed we should explore what works for us. She even let my younger sister come over and stay at our house. When Brianne first came over she wore a long tee shirt and her panties. After a few hours she took off her panties but kept her tee shirt pulled down. By the next morning she came out of her bedroom nude. She was shy at first and covered herself as best as she could when she came into the kitchen. However, she found it hard to eat breakfast with one arm across her tits and one hand cupping her pussy."
Tony spoke up saying, "Yeah, it took her a little while until she finally realized no one cared that she was naked, then she ate her breakfast. She stayed seated at least fifteen minutes after she finished eating, before she got up and started moving around. Now she comes to our house and goes to the guest room and takes her clothes off right away."
Terri said, "Patty, you should call your sister first and find out if she wants to come out and watch some kids during the party, then we will have Beth call the DJ."
Patty called her mom and talked to her for a few minutes before she asked if Brianne could watch some kids and keep them entertained during the party. Patty told her mom about the party and most likely everyone would be nude, including Brianne. Patty's mom only asked one question and that was, "Are you and Tony going to be there to make sure no one touches Brianne?"
Patty said, "Yes mom, both Tony and I will be here along with Beth and Barbie. We wouldn't let anything happen to her."
Patty's mom said, "Ok, do you want to talk to Brianne and ask her if she wants to work?"
Patty said, "Yes, is she there?"
Brianne picked up the phone and said, "Hi Patty, I didn't expect to hear from you. What's up?"
Patty said, "Not much babe, I just want to know if you're busy tomorrow and if not do you want to come out here to the Morrisons and watch some kids during a party they're having?"
Brianne asked, "Do you mean the place where you work?"
Patty replied by saying, "Yes honey, the place where I work. I already told mom that you will more than likely be nude while you're working. Do you want the job?"
Brianne asked, "How many kids will I be watching?"
Patty looked at Terri and asked, "How many children will be here?"
Terri said, "There will be at least five that I know of right now, but that number may go up. Tell her that we have a large game room downstairs to help keep everyone entertained. Plus they can play in the pool anytime they want."
Patty said into the phone, "We don't know yet, but there will be at least five children and maybe a few more."
Brianne asked, "May I bring Jen with me, to help me?"
Patty looked at Terri again asking, "Brianne wants to know if she can bring her friend Jen with her to help?"
Terri said, "You need to talk to Jen's mom and make sure it's ok for Jen to be nude while she's here working."
Patty smiled and said, "I have a better idea."
Speaking into the phone Patty said, "Brianne, let me talk to mom again." When her mother picked up the phone Patty said, "Mom, Brianne wants to bring Jen out with her tomorrow and I want to make sure it's ok with Jen's mom for Jen to be nude while she is working here tomorrow. Can you go over and pick up Jen and her mom and bring them out here today? That way they can meet us while we're working and see there isn't any problem being nude here."
Patty's mom thought it over then asked, "Are we going to be expected to be nude if we come out there?"
Patty said, "No, but if you want to go swimming with us, then yes; they don't allow clothes or swim suits in the pool."
Patty's mom said, "I don't think we will go swimming then. Yes, I'll call Jen's house and talk to her mom and get her to take a ride with me. I'll call you back when I'm finished talking to her. Bye honey, I'll talk to you again in a little while."
Terri looked at Beth and asked, "Do you want to call the DJ and talk to her while we're waiting. You can invite her to come here, if she isn't booked for tomorrow, and we can talk to her."
Beth picked up the phone and dialed the DJ she knew. She listened to the phone ring repeatedly and was taking the phone away from her ear saying, "I guess she's not home." Suddenly she pulled the phone back to her ear quickly and said, "Hello Holly? This is Beth Williams. I hope I didn't catch you at a bad time but I'm calling to see if you are booked to play tomorrow?"
Beth listened intently for a few seconds then she said, "Good, I'm going to let you talk to Terri, she is the one who is looking for a DJ for tomorrow."
Beth handed Terri the phone and Terri immediately said, "Hello Holly, my name is Terri Powell and I am the housekeeper for the Morrison family. They've decided to throw an impromptu party tomorrow and I am making all the arrangements. I wonder if you could stop out here today so we can talk and if you want to take the job, I can show you where we are going to set up and what we are going to be doing tomorrow."
Holly spoke up when Terri paused by saying, "Terri as I told Beth it all depends on if I can get someone to watch my kids tomorrow. If I can find someone at this short notice then I can do it for you."
Terri quickly responded by saying, "That's why I asked you if you can come out here so we can talk. I am going to have someone here to watch kids and it would be better if we could discuss everything face to face."
Holly didn't say anything for a few seconds then said, "Ok, I have to go shopping this afternoon so how about I come there now and we can talk. What's the address?"
Terri gave her the address and told her when she gets to the gate all she needed to do was push the button and talk into the speaker and she would open the gate for her. Holly said, "Ok, I'll see you in about twenty minutes."
About three seconds after hanging up the phone it rang again. Terri answered it then handed the phone to Patty so she could talk to her mother. Patty talked with her mom, and then asked, "Terri, would it be ok if my mom brought the girls out with her so you can meet them too?"
Terri smiled and said, "Absolutely."
Patty listened and said, "Terri, they can be out here sometime about noon, will that work for you?
Terri smiled and replied, "That will be perfect. Also you can stop work a little early and be here at the house when they arrive so they'll only be a little shocked when you answer the door instead of me."
Patty smiled and said, "The only one who won't be shocked is Brianne. Even my mom hasn't seen me without tan lines. Speaking of tans, all of us are looking pretty good in the tan department, if I do say so myself."
Terri said, "All of you are well tanned and looking good. Beth, it would be good if you were here when the DJ arrives so she won't be too shocked either."
Beth smiled saying, "Oh goody, they can dig up that old bush and I get to stay here and relax."
Patty started laughing and said, "Like hell you'll be relaxing. You can go out here and pull the weeds out of the flower bed by the deck while you are waiting."
Tony said, "Come on, let's get going so we can get that bush out and fill the hole back in before it gets too hot."
Mary, Shelly, Hanna and Terri were finishing up their last cup of coffee when the gate phone rang and Terri picked it up and listened then she pushed in the gate code. Terri stepped out on the deck and told Beth the DJ arrived and would be at the front door in a few seconds. Beth walked up on the deck pulling off her gloves before walking into the house. The door bell was on the second ring when Beth reached for the door handle and opened the door. Suddenly there was a loud gasp and the woman on the porch said in a very loud voice, "Oh my God, Beth, you're naked!"
Beth saw Holly standing on the porch with her two kids before she said, "I know Holly, that's part of the reason we wanted to talk to you in person. Come in, and we'll go meet Terri."
Holly hesitated and stood on the porch for a seconds before she said, "Gee Beth, I don't know. What's going on anyway? Why are you naked?"
Beth said, "Give us fifteen minutes to explain why I'm nude and then if you aren't satisfied then you can leave. Is that a deal?"
Holly stood looking at Beth without saying a word for a few more moments then said, "I don't know what's going on, but I'm willing to listen. Can the kids watch TV or something while we talk?"
Holly smiled and said, "I'm sure they can, let's go meet Terri and she'll turn on the TV for them."
Hesitantly Holly stepped through the front door and into the house. Beth closed the door then led the way to the kitchen. After they entered the kitchen and Holly had a chance to let her eyes roam across the other naked bodies sitting at the breakfast counter she asked in a very loud voice, "Beth, what the fuck is going on here? Is this some kind of nudist colony thing or something? I'm leaving while I still have my clothes on."
As Holly was turning to walk back the way she had come, Beth spoke up saying, "You said you would give me fifteen minutes to explain to you what was happening here."
Holly stopped in her tracks and said, "Ok, but can someone turn on the TV so the kids can watch it while we talk?"
Terri politely stood up and said to the kids, "Please follow me and I'll turn on the TV for you."
When Terri returned, Beth said, "Holly, this is Terri Powell, she's the one who needs to be telling you why we are all nude and anything else you want to know about this house."
Terri smiled and shook Holly's hand then sat down next to her. Terri said, "Holly I'm going to give you the short version of the story because we only have fifteen minutes. The truth is, all the members of the Morrison family are nudists and when they hired the staff to work here, the two main requirements they looked for in each candidate they interviewed were, if the person was qualified for the job and if that person was interested in nudism or was already a nudist. Since they live the nudist lifestyle, they didn't want to have people wearing textiles working in or around their home. Any person who was not interested in nudism was given the chance to stop the interview and leave. The persons who showed interest in nudism were given preference over those who weren't interested. I am very proud to say that we have a complete staff of employees who are nudists and are enjoying their lifestyle, while earning a living. I am also proud to say that I am one of those people who was not a nudist when I came here, but at the same time I wasn't opposed to nudism. I have a very secure position with the Morrison family and I couldn't be happier."
Suddenly everyone around the breakfast counter spoke up saying, "Me too!"
Holly looked around the room and all the upper torsos of all the females and the variety of different size and shape of tits before she asked, "That's easy to say when it's all females sitting around naked, but what happens if someone comes, especially some males?"
Marion spoke up saying, "I'll answer that. I used to be the shy wife and until I came here to do a job, I had never been seen nude by any other man, other than my husband. I was apprehensive at first then I came here one night and learned my fears were unfounded. Both my husband and I consider ourselves nudist now. I find it very hard to get dressed when I have to go someplace and I only put on the minimum to be socially acceptable." Each one of the females around the breakfast counter took turns telling Holly what they felt about becoming a nudist and living the nudist lifestyle. An hour had passed without Holly jumping up and leaving.
The females continued with a general conversation session for another half an hour before Terri said, "I don't want to put you on a spot or try to influence your final decision but we are in need of some music for tomorrow's party. The person or persons I select will be asked to sign a confidentiality statement. I am interested in finding someone who is not opposed to nudism and will join us. I will tell you right now that whoever I find to provide the music for the party will be well compensated for being hired on such short notice. Also, I will keep the name and phone number close by because the Morrison family loves to throw parties and some of them will be without much notice. So whoever I select for this first party will have first option to decline future parties. That being said, I want you to know you can ask general questions, but if you want to ask more personal questions then I will have to ask you to sign a confidentiality statement right now."
Looking at Terri, Holly asked, "Do all of you stay naked twenty four hours a day?"
Terri smiled before responding, "Yes, I do not wear any type of clothing unless I have to go into the city for something."
"What did you mean you would have to have me sign a confidentiality statement?" Holly asked.
Terri said, "The Morrison family requires all employees to sign a confidentiality statement so their chosen lifestyle isn't the talk about town. If you ask anyone of us, we wouldn't want to be the talk of the town either, so the statement works both ways. Shall I get a statement for you so you can read it and see what it says?"
Holly sat in her seat looking back and forth between everyone when Patty, Barbie and Tony came walking into the house through the sliding glass doors. Holly's head snapped around when she saw Tony, her eyes immediately traveled up and down his body before stopping at his cock. A few moments later she looked up at his face and said, "Holy shit!"
Beth spoke up and said, "Holly, I'd like you to meet my brother, Tony his wife Patty and my sister Barbie."
Holly stared blankly at Beth, then back at Tony's cock, before looking around the room at each person before asking, "Do you mean to tell me all of you, both male and female, work here completely naked? On top of that, some of you are related?"
Terri stood up and left the room while Beth and the other girls were talking to Holly. When she returned she laid two pieces of paper in front of Holly and asked her to read them and sign the one with her name on it, if she wanted to. Terri finished by telling Holly she would sign the other statement. Holly read both statements then asked, "Does this mean whatever I see or do here, no one will ever say anything?"
Terri smiled and said, "That's correct. It goes both ways. I will also tell you that nothing illegal happens here, so that is one less worry for you."
Holly asked, "Do you have a pen handy?"
Mary passed a pen down from her end of the counter and after one last look around the room Holly signed her statement then pushed the other piece of paper over to Terri. Terri took the pen and signed her name then said to Holly, "I will make copies of both papers so each of us has a copy." Terri took both papers and left the room and when she came back she placed the original of her statement and a copy of Holly's statement in front of Holly. Holly looked the papers over and asked, "Well now, where do we go from here? What is expected of me if I take this gig for tomorrow? What about the person who you said would be watching my children while I'm working?"
Mary was the first to speak up saying, "Now that you've signed your statement, I will tell you that I'm a police officer."
Holly gasped and in a louder than normal voice she asked, "Are you fucking shittin' me? I'm sitting here with a fucking naked police officer?"
Shelly spoke up next saying, "Make that two naked police officers, so you really don't have to worry about anything illegal happening here."
Tony spoke up next as he flexed his muscles and went into a pose before saying, "Ha! That's nothing when you compare both of you to me, a Playgirl centerfold."
Patty slapped Tony on his back saying, "Get off it! You're lucky all of us even look at you, much less millions of women around the world."
"Yeah bro, with that little thing you've got swinging in front of you, we hardly notice." Beth said as she broke out laughing.
Barbie was laughing hard when she lifted Tony cock and said, "I agree sis, this is a puny little thing. We should tuck in the edges and make him look like a girl."
All the female roared with laughter as poor Tony stood there humiliated by his sister's comments about his cock in front of a stranger he'd never met before. When the girls stopped laughing Patty finally defended Tony by saying as she reached out and stroked Tony's cock and saying, "Both of you girls didn't think it was so small when he had it stuffed up your pussy. As I remember, both of you had mind-blowing orgasms on the end of this wonderful tool?"
Once again, Holly gasped and asked, "Do you mean you had sex with your sisters? Isn't that illegal in this state?"
Tony smiled and flexed his muscles again, before saying, "Patty's right, both my sisters went ape shit when they took rides on this horse."
Terri spoke up saying, "As long as all the participants are of legal age and are all consenting, what should anyone care about family members showing their love for each other? It's really not man's place to judge what's good or what's bad."
Holly was deep in thought before she looked at Terri and responded, "Yes, I guess you're right Terri. It looks like all three of them are legal aged, so I guess it really isn't anyone's place to judge them. But I do have a question, for the police officers. How do both of you take your nakedness so casually and why are you here?"
Mary spoke up saying with a big smile on her face, "We are friends of the Morrison family and both of us have been asked to hang out here. So as you can see, we are letting it all, hang out."
Everyone giggled except Holly until she realized what Mary meant by letting it all "hang out". Again, Terri attempted to get back to business when she said, "Holly, I don't want to sound like I am coercing you into anything you don't want to do but if you would like to entertain us with your music tomorrow, I am looking for someone who can and will be nude like the rest of us. If this isn't your kind of gig as you put it, then there are no hard feelings and I will search for someone else."
Holly looked at Terri and asked, "Will I be expected to do anything else other than play music; like sex or anything?"
Terri smiled and said, "Holly only if you want to. We are all nudists and although we enjoy sex just like almost everyone else on this planet, no one is going to come on to you or force you into anything you don't want to do. However, if you find someone at the party who excites you and is a consenting partner, and as long as you play your music, then you can have fun and do anything you want."
Are you saying I can have sex with someone here if they agree to have sex with me, but I won't be forced to participate in any activities I'm not interested in? What about my children, I don't want them exposed to people having sex? What will you do to prevent that from happening?"
Terri smiled and said, "I am hiring a couple of high school girls to watch all the kids tomorrow. We have a large entertainment room downstairs with a lot of interesting things to do. The girls will have the kids down there some of the time, but I will tell you the Morrison family has agreed that if anyone wants to enjoy themselves, they must use one of the bedrooms upstairs or take a blanket and wander off into another part of the estate. There won't be any sex allowed here or out in the pool area. Looking up at the clock, Terri continued, if you wait another twenty minutes or so, you can meet the girls we are possibly going to hire and their mothers. One is Patty's mother who has already given approval for Patty's younger sister to work here tomorrow, knowing she will be nude all day. We want to explain to the other mother what we are looking for and then we are going to leave it up to her to decide if she wants her daughter to work here as well tomorrow."
"So you're telling me that my children will be exposed to naked girls?" Holly asked.
Terri said, "Yes, both girls will be nude. Also, the Morrisons have a rule that no bathing suit or clothes are allowed in the pool or the hot tub."
Holly looked apprehensively at Terri before she said, "My children haven't really been exposed to naked people before. When we take showers I get both of them through the shower before I take mine. That's the part about being a single mom. We wear only our underwear around our house most of the time but that's about all. I know both of them saw all of you when we arrived, but to spend a day with naked people, I'm not sure that's a good idea."
Terri smiled and said, "Whatever you decide to do, but please let me know so I can continue my search if you aren't interested."
Mary stood up and walked over to Holly and said, "Do you have a few minutes to take a walk with me?"
Holly smiled and said, "Sure, do you want me to get undressed for our walk or will this be fine?"
Mary smiled and said, "Whatever you're comfortable with is good enough."
Mary turned to Terri and said, "We'll be back in a little while. The kids are ok watching TV aren't they?"
Hanna spoke up saying, "I'll take some cold water into them in a few minutes."
Mary and Holly walked out on the deck and disappeared down the steps towards the back of the estate. Terri looked at Beth and shrugged her shoulders asking, "Do you think she'll take the job or not?"
Beth said, "I've known her for a few years now and I didn't realize she would be so adamant about being nude since she seems to love wearing short skirts with and without panties. I've seen her show her ass on the dance floor by lifting her skirt up around her waist. I really thought she would be just right to be the DJ here."
Everyone was standing around chatting when the gate phone rang and Terri picked it up and heard her say, "Ok Mrs. Jamison, I'll open the gate and please drive up to the front of the house. I'll let Patty know you are here."
Terri pushed the code number into the phone then turned to Patty and said, "You can answer the door if you want to."
Patty smiled a mischievous smile before saying, "Maybe we can open the door now and just holler come on in when they ring the door bell. Then after they are inside the house I will walk around the corner and wave them to come this way."
Terri smiled and said, "Go ahead, go open the front door and come back."
Giggling all the way Patty ran to the front door, opened it, and then ran back to the kitchen. She said, "They were just making the turn to pull up in front when I got it open, they should be ringing the doorbell in a few seconds."
Everyone stood waiting with huge smiles on their faces until the second the doorbell sounded. Patty called out, "Come in mom, I'll be right there."
They heard the screen door slam shut and voices growing louder before Patty stepped around the corner and walked a short distance until she could be seen then said, "Come this way mom, we're in the kitchen."
Suddenly they heard someone exclaim, "Oh Colleen, your daughter is naked."
Colleen said, "I see that Rachael and I'm positive she will tell us why she's naked in a couple of seconds, right Patty?"
Terri, Shelly, Hanna and Marion were sitting at the dining room table as Patty and the others entered from the living room. Suddenly the four newcomers stopped dead in their tracks and all four sets of eyes opened wide seeing a whole group of naked people. Rachael Baker was the first to recover and shout, "Girls turn around, don't look! Why is everyone naked?"
Patty said, "Mom, Rachael, come over and sit down and we'll do our best to explain."
Weary of all the naked people Rachael moved slowly forward looking around before her eyes focused on Tony's semi-erect cock making a mental note his cock had to be at least seven inches long and he was un-cut. She turned to the girls and said, "Girls turn your heads, don't look at Tony. You don't need to see a naked man at your age."
Everyone selected a seat and sat down then Terri used her take charge voice to say, "Some of us know why we are here today and some of us don't, at least at this moment. I'm going to be direct and not going to beat around the bush. I'm looking to hire a babysitter or two for some children who will be attending our party tomorrow. I have already talked to Mrs. Jamison this morning and she has agreed let Brianne work here tomorrow and to make a long story short, Brianne wants to bring Jen with her to help. Therefore, I will hire both girls, but first, Mrs. Baker, I want to personally confirm your suspicions by saying we are nudists - so anyone I hire will more than likely be nude while they are working, just like all of us are nude now. In addition, I would need you to confirm that you will allow your daughter to babysit here."
Rachael sat in stunned silence looking around the room as she contemplated what Terri just said. Finally, Colleen spoke up saying to Rachael, "I know my daughter Patty and her husband Tony won't let anything happen to Brianne and if you let Jen work here with Bri I can assure you she will be safe too. I've known for some time now that Patty and Tony have been working here and being nude while they work. Patty speaks very highly of the way everyone conducts themselves here."
Rachael asked a lot of questions over the next twenty minutes and each question was met with a satisfactory answer by Terri, Patty or Tony. Finally Rachael looked at Jen and asked, "What do you think about all this? I guess I need to take your feelings into consideration since you're not a baby anymore."
Jen spoke up with a smile spreading across her face saying, "Bri told me how much fun she had being nude at her sister's house with Tony, Beth and Barbie. She told me no one has ever tried to touch her in any way when she's been at their house, they just didn't get dressed and no one cared. Mom, since Bri told me that, I have a confession to make. I've been staying nude in my room and I've been sleeping nude also."
Rachael looked shocked as she said, "I didn't know that and the laundry from your room hasn't changed."
Jen said, "That's because I would put on a t-shirt and stretch it out, then take it off and leave it on the back of the chair. Mom, I don't mind being nude. I think it would be a good idea for me to learn new things. Like they said, I will be safe here because Patty and Tony will make sure of that. Actually mom, I'm not wearing any panties right now because I thought we were going to have to be nude for this."
Rachael again sat in stunned silence looking at Jen before she said, "I don't care if you want to work here with Bri, but I want Patty and Tony to give me their assurance they will make sure you stay safe."
Patty responded with, "Rachael, you and I both know what it was like being a young teenage girl and always worried what someone thought of our body and I know I tried to hide mine in bulky clothes. I wish this opportunity to work nude came along earlier in my life. I have gained so much self confidence in myself being nude, unlike when I was a young teenage girl. I used to be so very shy because I always thought my areola was too big for my breasts. But being around other females and seeing their uncovered breasts, I learned each of us is different and we need to be proud of ourselves. Actually after working here all day, I hate to get dressed when it's time to go home."
Brianne spoke up next saying, "Jen and I are the same age and since I've experimented with being nude at Patty and Tony's house, I've learned a lot more about my body. I have my sister to thank for all the encouragement she's given me. I am more confident now than I ever was before I took off that last article of clothing and allowed Patty and Tony to see me nude."
Rachael looked around at everyone, then said, "Jen, I can't say anything bad about what I've seen and heard here today. I guess I wish, in a way, someone would have invited me to participate in something like this. It has all the appearances of being a safe environment and I don't see any reason for me to put a kibosh to something I've never experienced. I hope I'm not rambling."
Terri smiled and said, "Rachael, would you like to join us for a swim in the pool? We can finish talking while we float around. Oh, just so you know, the Morrisons don't allow bathing suits or clothes in their pool."
Patty and Tony started laughing then everyone else broke out laughing and finally Rachael started laughing. Jen was already slipping her tank top over her head when she said, "Mom, your wish has just been granted. Hurry up, stand up and take off your clothes, I think a swim would be great about now."
Rachael watched in awe as her daughter unbuttoned and unzipped her shorts and pushed them down over her hips allowing them to pool on the floor. Jen bent over without covering any of her body parts and picked up her shorts and hung them on the back of the nearby chair. Jen stood up straight and proud, allowing everyone to see her petite body as she said, "Come on mom, let's go for a swim in the pool."
As if in a dream Rachael stood and started unbuttoning her blouse then she looked over at Bri who was also completely naked and her hands started moving faster. Finally everyone heard Colleen say, "Aw what the hell, might as well give this a try too." Colleen stood up and slipped off her summer dress and surprisingly she wasn't wearing a bra or panties.
Terri said to everyone, "Now that we're all nude, let's go and enjoy the pool."
Shelly said, "I'll stay in the kitchen because Holly's kids are watching TV and I'll be close enough if you need me yet I can be here just in case the kids need something."
Everyone got into the pool, either by jumping in or walking down the steps slowly, and once in the pool they swam a little bit before gathering in neck deep water. Terri called Brianne and Jen over to her and told them how much she would pay them per hour and both excitedly accepted. Brianne asked what time they should show up on Saturday and Terri told them they could come out any time after ten o'clock. Terri told them the party didn't really start until one o'clock but some of the guests would be coming early. Terri told both girls to take a tour of the recreation room down stairs before they left so they could see what was available for them to use.
Brianne moved closer to Terri before saying in a low voice, "I noticed all of you are bald down there, even Tony, do I have to be bald down there too?"
Terri smiled and said, "Oh God no sweetheart, you don't have to do anything you don't want to do."
Jen moved closer to Brianne and Terri and whispered, "I've seen a lot of the girls in the gym room shower and most of them are bald down there and some of them only have a tiny strip of hair. I kept my bush because I didn't want to just be one of the girls but after seeing all of you bald, I like how all of you look. What's the best way to take it off?"
Terri explained to both girls that she was waxed, which meant the hairs were pulled out by the roots, and that kept the hair from growing back right away. Terri continued to explain, most women shave themselves or have someone they trust, do it for them. Terri told the girls the hair grows back faster when they shave it off. She told them women who shave, have to touch it up every other day or even every day. Terri cautioned both girls, only do it if you want to. She went on to say to them, they should never be forced to do anything they didn't want to do and if someone tried to force them, they should tell someone right away, so others can help them.
Colleen and Rachael moved over next to Terri and both of them asked Terri questions about living naked especially when other men saw her completely naked. Terri told them how she came to live as a nudist and told them the Morrison family had only the highest regards for anyone who entered their home. Terri explained to them how everyone was treated equally but at the same time Dan was extra protective but without any jealousy, of any female in his home. Then both expressed how wonderful it felt to swim without a bathing suit. Terri smiled and said, "In the short time I've been living here, I've learned to enjoy doing everything while I'm nude and I hate to leave here because I know I have to get dressed."
Just as she was finishing her sentence, Mary and Holly walked up the steps to the deck and Holly was carrying her clothes. They walked over to the edge of the pool and this time Holly was smiling. Terri looked up and said, "Holly, I'd like you to meet Colleen and Rachael and over there is Brianne and Jen. We just met with Colleen and Rachael to make sure it was ok for the girls to come and watch the kids tomorrow. We needed both parents to give their permission because the girls will be nude while they're babysitting here."
Holly smiled and said, "Hi, I'm glad to meet all of you and this is so fucking weird standing here in front of all you and I'm naked."
Rachael responded, "This is a first for all of us too so you might as well come in and enjoy this great water. Oh, and the company is pretty great too."
Holly asked, "Are my kids still watching TV? Who's in there watching them now?"
Terri said, "Shelly is in the kitchen and the kids are still watching TV."
Holly replied, "Before I go swimming I want to go check on them."
Mary said, "Why not tell them they can go swimming too while you're in there. I'm sure they will enjoy the water on a hot day like this."
Holly said, "But they can't wear bathing suits in the pool."
Mary said, "Come on, we'll go and check on them and ask them if they want to go swimming."
A few minutes later two bare-assed kids came running out of the house onto the deck laughing and screaming for joy pausing only briefly to locate the pool then ran across the deck and jumped into the water. The kids were closely followed by Mary, Holly and Shelly. The last three took their time and walked down the steps into the water then took a few swimming strokes before they joined the others in neck deep water.
The kids splashed and played in the water not caring about anything but having fun. Holly started a conversation with Colleen and Rachael about being nude and all three of them started comparing notes about being nude the first time, in front of others. All three finally agreed their first experience with social nudism wasn't a revolting one as they had anticipated or expected. They watched the younger people toss the volley ball in a game of keep away, however making sure the younger kids got to have the ball almost an equal amount of time.
Holly finally turned to Terri and said, "I think I'm going to be just fine doing the music for your party tomorrow. I've experienced quite an eye opener here today and I'm very glad everyone was straight forward with me. Mary, you deserve a lot of praise for taking me for that walk and talking to me. I'm not sure that being a nudist is right for me and my family, but I'm certainly not going to let this experience pass me by without exploring it. Just look at my kids over there; they could care less about not wearing bathing suits. They are having the time of their lives."
Terri said, "Holly, I want you to know that there will be many other kids here tomorrow for your kids to play with and I'm sure they will have fun between the recreation room down stairs and the pool out here. We have a head count for the caterer so everyone is included in the meals no matter who they are."
Holly turned to Terri saying, "I've never been to a party where the hosts fed the staff as well as their children. The Morrisons family must be something special."
Mary spoke up the same time Terri did when both said in unison, "Oh, they are!" Then they giggled at saying the same words at the same time.
Looking at Colleen and Rachael, Terri said, "Even though you won't be working here, I'd like to have both of you to sign a confidentiality statement for me too. Basically the form is an agreement between both parties preventing either party from talking about what you see or do here. We've never had a problem and we've always had everyone sign a statement for us."
Mary spoke up saying, "We read and signed one for the Morrisons. It's just that with everyone being nude, it provides that little extra incentive so people won't be inclined to say we saw nude people."
Tony spoke up and said, "All of us have signed a confidentiality statement for the Morrisons also."
Colleen and Rachael agreed to sign a confidentiality statement so Terri excused herself and went into the house to prepare statements for each of the new people and then one that she signed to give to each person. When she returned to the deck she laid the statements on the table then asked, "Does anyone want something to drink or do you want to wait until you get out of the pool?"
Everyone decided to wait so Terri walked back over to the pool and walked slowly down the stairs. All the adults were watching her while the kids were playing hard and enjoying themselves. Rachael was the first to ask, "Terri have you ever thought about modeling? You have such a fantastic well proportioned body. You are perfect to be a model."
Colleen and Holly readily agreed with Rachael and made Terri blush. Finally Terri said in a softer voice, "Some people have told me that before, but when I look at myself in the mirror, I don't see the same image they are talking about. I have a very good body, but I'm not quite sure I'm model material. Someday, I'd like to go to a studio and have some portraits done just to see if my mind changes after looking at the finished product, but right now, I have a full plate and I don't have time."
Rachael spoke up and said, "I have a friend who is a well known photographer and I'm sure I can get him to come here and do a shoot, if you want. This is a beautiful place and the gardens look so beautiful."
Terri smiled and said proudly, "The gardens and the landscaping were created by Patty, Beth, Barbie and Tony; they did such a wonderful job. They've blended everything so well and there seems to be continual flowers of some sort."
Holly said, "Oh God, I forgot, I have to get going. I have some things I've got to do this afternoon. Come on kids, we have to go."
Suddenly there was an echo from both kids expressing their feeling about leaving. Everyone started walking up the pool steps and Mary walked ahead and pulled towels out of the cabinet and handed one to each person at they exited the pool. The kids of course were the last to get out of the water and that only happened after a lot of prompting from Holly. Jen asked where the kid's clothes were and then after Holly told her, she went into the house and brought them back. She helped the kids get dressed while everyone else sat down at the table and enjoyed the cold drinks that Mary, Shelly and Marion brought out and set on the table.
Terri handed Holly both copies of her statement and Holly said, "I'd never want anyone to know I was nude while I was doing a gig, so it makes sense for the Morrisons to want a form so I wouldn't be telling anyone I saw them nude."
Terri pulled the other forms out of the folder and handed them out to Colleen, Rachael, Brianne and Jen then asked everyone to read the forms and if they agreed, she asked them to sign them. Terri went on to explain she put two signature lines on the girl's forms because she wanted Rachael and Colleen to sign those forms as well to show their consent for the girls to sign the forms. When all the forms were signed, Terri again collected all of them and went into the house to make copies. When Terri returned she had the original paper she signed for everyone and then gave them of copy of the one they signed for her.
Holly had finished dressing by the time Terri came back out on the deck and she asked Terri what time she could come and set up for the party. Terri told her she can come any time after ten o'clock because the tent would be up by that time. Holly looked around at everyone and said, "Thanks to all of you for providing an excellent first nude experience for me and my children. I never would have dreamed of this happening to us."
Mary stood up and walked around and held out her arms to give Holly a hug. In a very quiet voice Mary said, "Remember our conversation."
Holly pulled Mary a little tighter to herself and said, "I will."
Terri and Mary walked with Holly and her children into the house. Terri asked how much Holly normally charged to DJ. When Terri heard the number she automatically doubled it and made Holly the offer of double her normal fee. Holly said, "God Terri, you don't have to do that."
Terri smiled and said, "I am doing it because we asked you on short notice and you've accepted to play for us. Next time we may have more notice so you can charge us your normal fee." Holly hugged both Terri and Mary, then they walked Holly and her two children to the front door, let them out and bid all of them goodbye before closing the door and locking it.
When Mary and Terri returned to the deck, Terri said to Colleen, Rachael, Brianne and Jen, "I have some more business to get done today so if you want to relax here or in the pool you are welcome to do so. You can stay as long as you want since this is your first experience. I will caution each of you to use some sunscreen because none of you have much of a tan. Now if all of you will excuse me, I have some more phone calls to make." Terri stood up and walked back into the house with Shelly trailing close behind her.
Hanna looked at Brianne and Jen and said, "Let's go back in the pool."
All three girls jumped up and ran back over to the pool and jumped in. Everyone could hear the happy sounds of the girls as they splashed each other and while screaming and screeching. Rachael laughed and said, "Wow, this is awesome. I never would have dreamed about sitting naked with so many people and no one trying to have sex with me. This is so surreal."
Colleen spoke up asking, "How do all of you sit around here naked and not want to have sex?"
Tony grinned and asked, "Who said we didn't want to make love to each other when the urge strikes? If we had only consenting adults here then we do enjoy making love to each other here on the deck. But, it wouldn't be proper to make love with the girls here. We may have adopted the nudist lifestyle, but we are still human beings with a sexual drive, however there is no way any of us would do something with or in front of a kid. Just because we are nudists doesn't mean we've lost our morals. I will be the first to confront anyone who does something in front of a kid and I wouldn't want to be that person if Dan Morrison heard about it. Let me tell you, there would be hell to pay."
Rachael questioned, "So is it true then, you've had sex out here on the deck when there were only adults present?"
Patty spoke up saying, "Actually no Rachael, we enjoy the love we've shared with each other here on the deck. All of us have learned there's a very big difference between just having sex and sharing our love and making love to others."
Colleen looked at her daughter asking, "Are you saying you've made love to more people than just your husband and he allowed it?"
"We like to refer to it as mutual respect for each other. We've learned we can share our love, but at the same time love our spouse even more. It has to be a two way street with plenty of open communication. Lastly, we have a mutual commitment to each other."
Marion who had been sitting quietly up to this point said, "You have to experience what they're talking about before you can fully comprehend what they are saying. I know because I heard the same words and it sounded lovely until I experienced making love out here with others around watching us. It was a weird feeling at first then with all the support from everyone, it felt so natural. My husband and I have also become nudists since we started coming out here to the Morrison's home."
Rachael said, "I know what making love is, but all of you make it sound so much different. Maybe someday I'll experience what all of you have and find out for myself. I can tell you with all this talk, I'm getting wet, if you know what I mean."
Colleen looked at her friend and said, "What's taken you so long? I've been wet since we took our clothes off. I'm not used to being naked around other people even if one of them is my daughter and one is my son-in-law. I hope the statement we signed includes all of you so my husband doesn't find out I'm sitting here letting Tony check out his naked wife."
Everyone giggled a little, then Patty said, "Mom, all of us have been working here nude and there's been plenty of people here doing other work. All of us honor that confidentiality statement because, like Holly said, we don't want others to find out we are providing a nude lawn care service or nude landscaping. The Morrisons are a loving family and none of us would do or say anything that would cause them harm or ridicule."
Shelly added, "I hope you get a chance to meet the Morrisons someday."
Marion asked, "Is anyone up to going back in the pool to cool off?"
Tony said, "As much as I hate to say it, we need to finish some projects we started." Suddenly there was a loud audible groan from Patty, Beth and Barbie.
"We've been lazing around, now it's time to go back to work. Mom if you're still here when we finish then we'll come back and take a swim with you." Tony finished saying after being interrupted by the groan.
Colleen asked, "May I come out and see what you're working on or is it secret."
Patty excitedly said, "Oh mom, you can come out with us. Tony's on the backhoe digging up some old bushes and loading them on the dump truck to make way for a new garden we have planned."
Rachael asked, "I'd love to see the gardens too, may I walk along with you?"
Patty smiled and said, "Of course you can. Beth, Barbie and I are very proud of our creations and we love to show them off. We've worked hard selecting and planting just the right plants for each of the gardens."
Mary and Marion agreed the gardens looked fantastic. When everyone stood up, Mary and Marion let Rachael and Colleen know they would stay behind and take a swim with the girls. Everyone pushed their chair under the table, and went their different ways.
****************************
Joe arrived at Kelly's office and asked, "Could you page Beth and let her know I'm here, please?"
Kelly picked up the phone and said, "Ms. Thompson, Joe is here."
Kelly listened and then put her phone down before saying, "She said she will be with us in just a few seconds."
Joe smiled and asked, "Do you know where we are going?"
Kelly said, "Yes, We are going to Pierpont's over on West Pershing. Joe, you have a single reservation for lunch there too."
Beth stepped out of her office and asked, "Are we ready to go?"
Kelly said, "All we are waiting for is my replacement and then I'm ready."
Kelly had just finished speaking when an older lady walked into Kelly's office and said, "They sent me up here to fill in for someone?"
Kelly smiled and said, "Yes, you are here to sit at my desk while we go out to lunch. Mr. Morrison is working in his office and only wants to be called if something important comes up that can't wait. All other information, please take a message and we'll take care of it when we return. Do you have any questions?"
The older secretary smiled and said, "Please have a good lunch. I'll take care of everything here while you are gone."
The trio left the room, walked through the building then out the door to the limo. Joe held the door open and Beth offered to let Kelly get in first then as Beth got in she allowed her skirt to ride a little high on her thigh and her knees parted a little more than necessary as she slipped into the car. Once seated, Beth pulled her skirt down, so she would look respectable.
Kelly looked around the limo and talked excitedly as they started for the restaurant. Beth smiled and said, "Mr. Morrison suggested we take some time to get to know each other because we will be working closely together. He is a very good man you know."
Kelly leaned over and asked, "May I speak openly to you or do you want to keep everything strictly business?"
Beth's heart started racing but she kept her poker face and turned to Kelly saying, "Kelly, you and I are going to be working very closely as I've already told you. Other than Brenda, we are at the very top of our company. What we do or say could make a very big difference to the corporation as a whole. In my opinion I feel we should be free to talk about anything. I really don't think there should be any secrets between us because of our positions. However, there are certain business related items that I am not allowed to reveal to anyone because I am an executive secretary to Dan Morrison. I hope you understand."
Kelly pondered what Beth said for a few moments then said, "Oh this question has nothing to do with business. There's no polite way to ask this so I'll just ask."
Kelly blushed bright red before she finally got up enough nerve to ask, "Are you sleeping with Dan Morrison?"
Kelly quickly followed up that bold question with, "The reason I'm asking is because both of you seem to be so close to each other and I've seen the way he looks at you and you look at him."
Beth smiled at Kelly and started with, "And I've seen the way you look at me so your question is not unexpected. Let me start off by saying, I've been Dan's secretary for six years. I was fortunate enough to be hired and assigned to Dan shortly after I finished high school. In the early days he was my mentor. Once I learned what he expected of me, I committed myself to doing the very best job I could for him. He was always more than prepared, when he went into any meeting, that's part of the reason he was promoted to his current position as CEO. When he was promoted I thought I would be assigned to someone else and I contemplated leaving the company. However, Dan surprised me by saying at the meeting we were a package deal and that's the short version of why I'm his executive secretary instead of someone else who's been with the company longer than me."
Beth was interrupted when the limo rolled to a stop in front of Pierpont's and Joe was quick to come around the car and open the door. Beth once again used an exaggerated move to get out of the back of the limo and once she was standing she looked at Joe and winked at him. Joe smiled a knowing smile and winked back at Beth. When Kelly got out of the car she was very lady like and kept pulling her skirt down as she exited the limo.
Beth turned to Joe and said, "Go ahead and park the car, then come inside, we've made a reservation for you. Order whatever you want and enjoy your meal. Kelly and I are going to be at least an hour maybe more. I have your number in my cell so I'll call you before when we are finished."
Joe smiled at Beth saying, "Thank you very much ma'am and I'll be waiting for your call. Please enjoy your meal as well."
Kelly and Beth walked to the door and went inside. Beth was pleased to see there weren't that many people in there for lunch and she was even more pleased to see they were shown to a table in an unoccupied section of the restaurant. Beth selected the seat on the opposite side of the table so she could see who was coming into the room. When they were seated a waiter came to their table and introduced himself and handed each of them a menu. He took their drink orders then left. When he came back with their drinks he took their order then left again.
Kelly was fast to lean over the table and say, "Well, is there anything between the two of you?"
Once again Beth hesitated trying to figure out what she was going to say. Then she started with, "Ok, I know you can't say anything because of your secretarial position so I'll tell you, I didn't get where I am by having any sort of sex with my boss. I got here because of all the hard work and long hours I put in preparing the information my boss needed."
Kelly responded, "I totally understand what you are saying. However, I've noticed that both of you come to work together and I don't know how to say this other than, well, Mr. Morrison has been, shall we say, rather excited when he tried to hide behind you, before going in his office. Then when he was in the bathroom, what was he doing?"
Beth tried hard to suppress her laugh, but a giggle escaped her lips before she said, "Dan's wife, Kim, is quite a girl. She loves to get Dan going then leave him to his own devices, if you know what I mean. He drops her off at work first each morning, only a few minutes before he gets to work."
Kelly smiled and said, "Weren't you the one who said we shouldn't have any secrets between us? You still haven't answered my question."
Beth smiled and asked, "Kelly are both of us going to discuss our sex lives or is this going to be a one way street? The question you've asked me is rather personal."
Kelly smiled, hesitated for a few moments before she said, "Because none of us can talk about what we do in our positions, I just want you to know that if there is any possibility of me joining the fun, then I want you to know I am a team player and I won't expect any additional favors. I just don't want to be left out of the fun. I know my position isn't as important as yours, but please let me join in if anything is happening. If it helps you to understand me a little more, I'll reveal that I am bi-sexual and have been since high school cheerleading."
Beth took a deep breath and exhaled saying, "Well now, that's a real gutsy move so now I'll tell you I'm a nudist and I recently discovered that I'm also bi-sexual. I was raised in a nudist family and I have two brothers and two sisters. From as far back as I can remember none of us wore clothes when we were at home. Even though we saw each other nude all the time, none of us messed around with each other even after we passed puberty. I love the way I was raised and I wouldn't trade it for anything in the world. Being raised as a nudist gave me plenty of self confidence and I didn't experience any of the insecurities like some young females I know. I think that's part of the reason I was hired by our company with only a high school diploma with some advanced college credit hours. The only reason I didn't go to college is because my parents couldn't afford to send me. But that's enough about me for now, what about you?"
Kelly started telling Beth about her childhood which was similar to Beth's except Kelly wasn't raised in a nudist setting. Kelly said she was in the advanced classes throughout her high school years. She told Beth she remained a virgin until her senior prom night when the guy who took her to the prom promised her everything, but broke up with her the next morning. Kelly leaned over and whispered, "I'm glad I insisted he had to wear a condom or I could have been in very big trouble because I wasn't on the pill. Kelly told Beth, like her, her parents couldn't afford college either so she went to work as a waitress for a couple of years. Then while she still waitressing she took some adult classes and learned to be a secretary. She told Beth she got a job as a secretary by almost begging for a chance to show she had what it takes. Kelly got tears in her eyes when she told Beth she had to work harder than all the other secretaries in the secretarial pool. She said she volunteered to do extra work and stay late so she could have the reports done and that's why she volunteered to be the fill in secretary when the position was announced. Kelly said she was hoping that by volunteering that would give her an edge above all the others on the list.
They were interrupted by the waiter bringing their meal, but once he was gone again Beth said, "Kelly you were hired above all the other candidates not because you volunteered but because your people skills and secretarial skills far out matched any of the others. Both Dan and I were impressed how you handled the impromptu calls to the other candidates. We listened intently to the way you presented the information to the next candidate and your response to them. Now I have to ask you what you meant when you said a few minutes ago you said you didn't want to be left out of any fun. I assure you, you can be very candid here because I want to hear what you have to say."
Kelly looked up at Beth while she finished chewing and swallowing what was in her mouth before saying, "As I told you, I've worked hard to get where I am and I didn't fuck or suck anyone to get here, so I don't want to sound snide. But I am curious to know what's going on behind the closed doors of your office and Dan's office because he came in with an obvious hard on which you've explained already. I surmise he was jerking off in the bathroom yesterday morning after coming to work, but his bathroom door was partly open and I want to know if you were helping him. Now that I've gained the position I'm in and no one can accuse me of fucking or sucking my way to the top, I want to enjoy some of the perks if there are any to enjoy. I want to let my hair down, so to speak."
Beth sat back in her chair and looked at Kelly without saying a word. Suddenly Kelly covered her mouth and gasped before she said, "Oh my God! Beth, I didn't mean it to sound like I was accusing you of fucking and sucking your way to the top, I'm so sorry. Oh shit, I've fucked up now."
Beth finally smiled and said, "There is no reason for you to apologize because I knew you weren't referring to me. However, since I am technically your boss, and you've already told me you are bi-sexual I don't want anything I say from here on to be construed as sexual harassment. Are we clear on that?"
Kelly smiled and said, "Yes ma'am, we are very clear on that topic. I will even be willing to sign a paper for you stating any conversation we have will not be taken as sexual harassment."
Beth looked around and saw they were the only ones in the room before she looked directly into Kelly's eyes as she said point blank without any lea way for discussion, "Take off your panties right here, right now, and put them on the table with the gusset facing up."
Kelly blushed beet red and her mouth dropped open as she stared into Beth's eyes. Seeing that Beth didn't look away, Kelly nervously said, "I can't do that right here, people will see me."
Beth smiled and said, "Kelly, look around you, there is no one here except us. No one is going to see you."
Kelly turned both ways in her chair and looked around the room before looking back at Beth who was still staring at her. She paused for a few seconds then as her face and neck turned red, Kelly asked, "Is this some sort of a test to see if I'm willing to do as I'm told to do?"
Beth smiled and looked deep into Kelly's eyes and said, "NO, I just want to see if all this talk is turning you on. The easiest way to do that is to look at your panties. You are secure in your position as my secretary so I want you to know you are free to make the choice that appropriate for you. I don't want you to feel pressured into doing anything outside of your normal job descriptions."
Kelly said, "But you told me to remove my panties right here at the table, isn't that kind of brazen?"
Beth smiled and said, "I would show you my panties but I'm not wearing any, at the moment."
Kelly asked, "Will you show me?"
Without any hesitation Beth stood up and pulled the front of her skirt up and when she saw Kelly's eyes open wider than they already were, she knew her pussy was exposed for Kelly to see. Beth held the pose for at least a half a minute then let her skirt drop and she sat down again. Without saying a word Kelly started moving her arms and hands as she pulled up her skirt to her waist then hooked her thumbs into the waist band of her panties as she raised her ass off the seat and pushed her panties down her thighs, past her knees until they fell to the floor. Kelly was reaching to pick them up when the waiter came back into the room and Beth told her to leave them there the waiter was coming. Immediately Kelly turned red and she uttered, "Oh my God, what have I done?"
Beth smiled and said, "Shhhhhh, just act normal, he won't even see them on the floor."
The waiter stopped by the table and asked if they needed anything and Beth said, "Yes, we'd like to have another drink. The same for each of us, please."
Kelly looked at Beth asking, "What did you do that for, I need to pick up my panties and now he's going to be coming back. How embarrassing this is."
Beth smiled and said, "Remember, I said you should only do what you want to do. Right now you are in a predicament because you wanted to show me your panties. Isn't it a good thing they are still on the floor instead of on the top of the table where I asked you to put them so I could see them?"
Kelly almost flipped out when she heard Beth's last question. She responded, "Are you saying you would have left my panties on top of the table even when he came back?"
Beth immediately responded with, "I want you to remain calm and here are two choices for you, but you have to act on them quickly otherwise he will be back here. You can leave your panties on the floor out of sight or you can put them on the table quickly with the gusset facing up. I want to see your panties, so what do you want to do?
Kelly looked around quickly and saw no one was watching so she bent over and scooped her panties up off the floor and dropped them on the table like they were hot. She looked up at Beth then reached out and opened them up so the white cotton gusset of her black satin panties was facing upward.
Immediately the aroma of Kelly's sex filled the air and even a quick glance at the gusset anyone could tell it was soaking wet. Kelly asked in an excited voice, "Have you seen enough so I can put them away before he comes back?"
Kelly heard over her shoulder a male voice saying, "Too late, he's back already."
Kelly's hand shot out to grab her panties off the table but Beth was quicker and covered them with her hand and held them in place before she said, "Leave them."
Kelly pulled her hand back and bowed her head saying, "Oh God, I've never been more embarrassed than I am at this moment. Please forgive me; I normally don't do things like this."
The male voice said, "Ma'am if it's any consolation to you, you aren't the first to have her panties displayed on a table and you won't be the first to flash me if you decide to do that. Usually when someone reserves a quiet corner, we have learned through experience that something more than a meal is going to happen. That's why we gave you this table in this room, so you could be alone. No one is going to come in here, but me so you can do whatever you're going to do. However we will ask you to refrain from having sex on any of the tables."
The waiter continued with a huge smile on his face saying, "By the way, you have a great taste in panties at least they aren't Victoria Secret's junk. Also, by the looks of them, you are either very pleased with your meal or the company you keep. It would be very hard to decide which it would be."
Beth smiled at the waiter and said, "Thank you for being so discreet and most of all thank you for the tip. Kelly might be completely naked the next time you come in."
Kelly opened her mouth and gasped, "Beth, how could you?"
The waiter smiled and said, "It wouldn't be a first time, but if you are going to have her do that, please warn me so I can get a towel for her to sit on."
Kelly still in a state of shock asked, "Are you saying that people have sit in this room completely naked and had lunch?"
The waiter said with a huge smile, "All I'm saying is if you are naked when I come back it won't be the first time someone has been naked in this room."
After he disappeared Kelly looked at Beth and said, "Whew! I've never been as embarrassed in all my life as I was when he looked at my wet panties. Now I find out others have done even worse in here. Can you imagine what they must have thought when I made the reservation? I never paid any attention when we arrived and they saw two females. Oh God, how are we ever going to live this one down?"
Beth sat perfectly still with a smile on her face until she said, "Please remember you agreed to keep what we talk about between us, so we don't have anything to live down. Of course if you want to do something wild before he comes back in, both of us could undress and stay naked until he comes back with our bill then we can stand up and embrace in a passionate kiss."
Kelly exclaimed, "Oh God Beth, I'd rather work naked in my office than stand here naked for a waiter."
Beth smiled and said, "We could arrange that too if you want."
Kelly raised her eyebrows asking, "What's that?"
Beth smiled and repeated Kelly's own words, "Oh God Beth, I'd rather work naked in my office than stand here naked for a waiter."
"Holy shit, did I say that? I didn't mean it that way." Kelly said with a wide grin spreading across her face.
Then Kelly's grin turned to a mischievous one before saying, "I won't stand here naked for the waiter, but since I'm not wearing panties now, I'll pull up my skirt and let him see some of my thigh, if you will."
Beth asked, "Don't you remember, I was raised as a nudist so for me to let someone see even a part of me wouldn't be a big deal for me at all."
"Kelly in all seriousness before our lunch is over I want to know what you meant a little while ago when you asked if there is any possibility of you joining the fun." Beth asked Kelly directly.
Kelly shrugged her shoulders before looking directly at Beth and saying, "If you are playing with Dan, I would like to be included. I promise that I won't be upset if I'm not included, but I would like a chance if one exists."
Beth reached out and put her hand on top of Kelly's panties and pulled them back towards her before she asked, "Would you mind if I gave these to Dan when we get back from lunch?"
The first words out of Kelly's mouth were "Am I going to get fired for being too forward?"
Beth smiled and said, "No Kelly, you won't be fired. However, for you to know if there's a chance for you to join any possible fun then you will have to trust me enough to let me take your panties with me. I'll tell you right now, so you don't think I am breaking any agreement we made, I plan on putting your panties on Dan's desk as they are laying on the table now. I'm sure he will call you into his office. When he does, just make sure, any offer you make, is a serious one that you can and will carry out."
The waiter walked back into the room and came directly to their table and placed the bill on the corner of the table then turned and started to walk away. Beth stopped him saying, "Here's my card and I want you to cover my chauffer's lunch on this card too. Since I don't know the cost of his lunch I trust you to add them together and add an appropriate tip to the bill. There may be an additional treat waiting for you when you return, so don't linger."
The waiter said, "Yes ma'am, I'll be right back with your card."
After he left the room Beth looked at Kelly and said, "This is only a test, you decide if you want to do what I'm about to ask you to do. If you want, stand up and remove your skirt and hand it to me."
Kelly looked around the room and stood up slowly, looking directly at Beth as she reached for the zipper on her skirt. Ever so slowly she drew the zipper downward until it stopped. Nervously, her fingers fiddled with the button until it finally passed through the hole and all that was holding Kelly's skirt from falling down was her two hands. Kelly stood there waiting, wondering if Beth was going to tell her to let it drop, exposing her to anyone who came into the room.
Kelly heard the whisper of the door as it opened then she heard footsteps as they grew louder then suddenly, to her left, a hand and arm appeared and the hand clutched a leather burgundy colored bill and card holder. Beth took the card holder and opened it and reviewed the receipt before she signed it and took one copy for herself. Beth picked up her card then closed the card holder and passed it back to the waiter and said, "Thank you very much, would you mind telling Joe to bring our car around and that we will be out there in a few minutes?"
The waiter looked at Kelly's back and saw both her hands were at the side of her skirt but he didn't say anything he turned and started to walk away. When he was almost half way to the door Kelly spoke in a shaky voice, "Please come back here, I've got something I want to show you."
Kelly looked straight into Beth's eyes as she released her grip on her skirt allowing it to flutter to the floor and pooling at her feet. Kelly kept her knees together as she bent over at the waist and stepped one foot at a time out of the skirt before standing back up and stepping round the table and handing it to Beth. While standing next to Beth, Kelly turned and faced the waiter then made eye contact with him as she moved her left foot off to the side allowing her thighs to open making her pussy totally visible to the waiter. The waiter stared into Kelly's eyes for almost a minute before he started moving his eyes down her body and when she saw the smile spread across his face he said, "Thank you so much for sharing this moment with me. You are a very beautiful lady."
He turned on his heel and walked out of the room. Kelly stood where she was for at least a minute before she turned to Beth and asked, "Is this what it's like to be a nudist? I am so excited, embarrassed, stimulated and God only knows what else I am. I almost feel like I want to take the rest of my clothes off and walk out of here completely naked. I need a napkin to wipe myself, I leaking down my leg. Beth handed Kelly a fresh cloth napkin off the table next to her and she used it until she felt she was dry enough to put her skirt back on. Beth held out the skirt and said, "There will be more to come so don't get used to wearing this."
Once Kelly had her skirt back on and she had everything fastened and in place, she hooked her arm through Beth's and the two of them walked out of the room together. They saw their waiter just after going through the door and Kelly stopped and walked over to him and whispered in his ear, "You better hurry up and get back in there, I left you a present on my seat."
They turned and walked out the door to the limo where Joe was waiting. When he saw them coming he quickly opened the door and just like the first time Beth allowed Kelly to enter the car first. This time when Beth stepped one leg into the car her skirt road way up her thighs and she felt the warm breeze of the afternoon blew across her wet pussy lips so she knew Joe was getting the full view of her most precious charms. She looked up at Joe and saw his eyes were riveted on her pussy and she smiled to herself as she sat back in the seat and pulled her skirt down. Kelly looked at Beth and said in an accusing voice, "I don't believe it, you just flashed the driver."
Beth smiled and asked, "Did I? Only Joe knows for sure and I know he's not telling anyone because of his chauffer position."
The ride back to the company was far different than the ride to the restaurant. Kelly was talking excitedly all the way about standing in front of the waiter without her skirt on. She asked Beth several times what might happen when they got back to the office and Beth only said, "I'm really not sure, but whatever happens, you will always have a choice as you did in the restaurant."
When they walked into Kelly's office they relieved the temporary secretary and Kelly sat down at her desk. She looked up at Beth asking, "What do I do now? What are you going to tell Dan?"
Beth smiled and said, "First I'm going to tell him I'm back from lunch and that I had a very nice lunch with you. Then I am going to put your panties on his desk as they were in the restaurant and whatever you tell him after that is going to be strictly up to you."
When he pages you to come to his office, you have my permission to lock your door then you will have up to three minutes to knock on his door. Use the three minutes wisely and decide what you want to do because first impressions are important to Dan. Your three minutes start when you hang up the phone."
Beth walked into her office then she knocked on my door. She heard me say come in so she opened the door and walked in slowly with a smile on her face. I asked if she enjoyed her lunch and Beth said, "Oh yes, we had a lovely lunch. I brought you a souvenir."
I looked up from my work and watched as Beth laid the black panties on my desk with the white gusset panel facing up. I stared at the panties for a moment then reached over and picked them up and looked at Beth. "Are these yours?"
Beth smiled saying, "No."
I brought them closer to his nose and smelt the wonderful aroma of an aroused female then asked the obvious question, "Are these Kelly's panties?
Beth had an ear to ear grin spread across her face when she said, "I suggest you call Kelly and ask her to come in. I want to warn you, she may take her time. She has up to three minutes. You will know your answer by the amount of time it takes for her to get here."
I picked up my phone and buzzed Kelly and asked her to step into my office for a few moments. Beth strolled over to my bathroom and said, "I'll be with you in a moment."
Beth was checking her watch repeatedly until she saw that three minutes were almost up and there came a soft knock on the door. Beth stepped out of the bathroom completely nude and my mouth dropped wide open. A second soft knock sounded and Beth asked me, "Would you like for me to get the door?"
I sat in my seat open mouthed and only nodded my head up and down before Beth walked to the door and opened it slowly. She was very careful to stay behind the door and out of sight. I finally got a little of my voice back and in a forced whisper I said, "Please come in Kelly and have a seat. It looks like we have a lot to talk about."
With much trepidation Kelly stepped forward into my office and walked straight ahead with her shoulder thrust backwards making her medium sized melons stand out proudly from her chest. As Kelly passed the end of the door Beth stepped out from behind the door and up next to Kelly. She hooked her arm into Kelly's then they finished walking across the office to the seats in front of my desk. Beth told Kelly to stand where she was for a few seconds as she dashed into the bathroom and brought back two towels for them to place on the leather chairs before sitting down.
I sat silently behind my desk looking at Kelly's naked body. Beth returned with the towels and spread them out on each chair, they she stood beside Kelly. Both females were smiling and completely naked then Kelly finally said, "I see Beth gave you my panties like she said she would. Mr. Morrison, I want to be a team player. I really want to be part of the team that makes this company grow. I have worked extra hard on every assignment that's been given to me and I've even volunteered to take on extra work to prove myself. In all that time, I've never resorted to fucking or sucking along the way and I don't want to start. I stand before you naked today, not because I was told I had to, but because I want to prove to you that I can handle any assignment and I'm willing to go the extra mile to accomplish the task. I made the choice to remove my clothes before coming in here so neither of you have to worry about being slapped with any sexual harassment charge."
Looking up into Kelly's eyes I said, "Kelly, you are a very beautiful young lady and I'm certainly happy to learn there won't be any sexual harassment charges, but may I ask why you are standing before me completely naked?"
Kelly asked, "May I speak openly sir?"
I smiled and asked, "Haven't you been speaking openly since you've come in here?"
Kelly smiled and said, "Mr. Morrison, I've noticed you tried to hide behind Beth the last couple of mornings because you, .... ahem ....., were excited, shall we say. I asked Beth point blank during lunch if she was fucking you to make you excited and then the other morning it was obvious to me that you were jerking off in the bathroom, but the odd part is you left your bathroom door partly open. Sir, what I think I know won't go any further than this office just like I hope the fact that I'm standing here completely naked before your desk, won't go any further than this office. I am prepared to sign any paper you want me to sign, to minimize any ill effects of my actions today. If you were to tell me to work completely naked, I will do that for you. I can't say it enough, I want to be part of your team, and I would like to work side by side with both of you in whatever capacity you need. Also, I want Beth to know I'm not trying to out-do her but be more than just her secretary."
I smiled at Kelly and said, "Go out to your desk and type up a statement with the appropriate language you feel is consistent with your offer and a disclaimer that no one in this office will be held responsible for sexual harassment. Make three signature lines and make three copies. Each of us will sign a copy then we will make copies of the signed documents so each of us has a copy for our personal records."
Kelly picked up her towel and walked out of my office and for the first time I watched the gentle sway of her hips and the motion of her ass cheeks as she bounced slightly with each step she took.
Beth smiled at me and said, "I think she will make a wonderful addition to this office. I told her I was a nudist and that I was raised in a family where nudism was accepted as a norm. I didn't say anything about you or your family. However, after she told me she saw you with a hard on the last couple of mornings and said she thought you were jerking off in the bathroom, I told her your wife likes to tease you and leave you to take care of it yourself. Most of all, I didn't say anything about our personal relationship. I think that's something we should keep under cover for now."
I smiled at Beth and said, "I appreciate you keeping our personal lives out of any conversation, but then again, I never had any doubt about you. Beth you are very special to me and you know it. I trust you completely."
Soon Kelly came walking back towards my office with her towel over her arm and the papers in her hand. She handed Beth and me a copy of the statement she made and both of us took a few seconds to read it. I placed my copy on the desk and waited for both Kelly and Beth to look at me. When they did, I asked, "Does everyone agree with the wording of this statement? Is there anything you want added or deleted?"
Beth spoke up saying, "I think this covers everything for now. If a situation arises not covered in this statement we can always add an addendum."
I added, "Yes, I believe we could add something more if it became necessary."
Beth said, "I will gladly sign this statement in its current form. Dan may I borrow a pen?"
Kelly signed her statement and I signed mine. I asked Kelly to take all three statements and make three copies of each. Then come back so we can all have a copy of each other's signed statement.
When Kelly returned this time she handed me the original signed statements and passed a copy to Beth. She said, "Mr. Morrison, I think the originals should stay with you."
I looked at Kelly, and then at Beth, before saying, "The individual copies will be kept in a safe place at my home and not in the office. We don't want these to be left around for prying eyes to see. From now on what happens between these three offices is strictly our business and no one else. Kelly I appreciate the offer you made to work naked. Beth told me she revealed to you she was raised as a nudist and I'm going to reveal to you that my family members are nudists also. That's a common link which Beth and I recently discovered we had. What you may have mistaken for affection between us is really a mutual enjoyment of our nudist lifestyles."
Kelly was staring at me the whole time I was talking and finally said, "Oh my, gosh, I am sooooo sorry for assuming you two were sexually involved. It never occurred to me your closeness with each other would be due to your mutual lifestyles. I feel so silly for everything I said before, to both of you."
Beth smiled and replied, "It was far better to express yourself to us and for that I give you plenty of credit. In a company our size it is too easy to for the rumors to start and even though they are unfounded, the rumors have a potential to harm the innocent. I want to thank you for being so honest with us. I also want to thank you for being a little adventurous at the restaurant. That was a lot of fun and I certainly hope that you enjoyed yourself."
Kelly replied, "I've never done anything like that before and at first I was apprehensive and I certainly didn't want to get arrested so that's why I held my skirt and almost didn't let it go. But when the waiter acted like it was no big deal and he was willing to walk away, I just had to know what it was like so that's why I stopped him and dropped my skirt."
I sat quietly listening then I picked up the black panties off my desk and brought the white cotton gusset to my nose and inhaled deeply. Kelly was going to say something but she stopped before any words came out of her mouth as she sat in stunned silence, watching me. I intentionally looked at her while her panties were up to my nose and when I brought them down, I smiled and said, "It is very apparent to me that you enjoyed your lunchtime immensely. Are you comfortable or at least more comfortable now that you've been sitting here completely naked?"
Kelly smiled at me and said, "I've already told you Mr. Morrison, I will work completely naked for you if both of you will include me in whatever it is you do. I am willing to do anything you want me to do just to be part of this team. I promise I will never complain nor will I ever reveal anything we do together."
Turning to Beth, Kelly said, "The next time, if there is a next time, I will even eat my lunch completely naked if that's what you want me to do."
I smiled at Kelly and asked her, "Are you married or have a boyfriend?"
Kelly smiled and said, "I've been seeing someone for a couple of years now, but he isn't ready for a commitment yet, so I guess he's still considered just a boyfriend. Why did you ask me?"
I hesitated for a moment then asked, "Would you like to come out to my home tomorrow for a small party I'm having? I will tell you right now, the people who will be attending the party will be nude so if you think you will need to wear something, you will stand out in the crowd. You don't have to attend if you don't want to because my party has nothing to do with this company whatsoever. The party will start just before noon and will last into the evening."
I saw Kelly's smile spread across her face while I waited for her answer. "She seemed to be thinking for a few seconds before she asked, "Mr. Morrison, may I bring my little brother with me, as my escort, tomorrow? He just graduated high school so it's not like he was a little kid or anything. We aren't nudists like both of you so I'll have to convince him to come with me. That shouldn't be hard since he's been trying to see me naked for a long time. I have been teasing him a little lately by wearing only my bra and panties to and from the bathroom. Tonight I may have to be a little more careless."
I smiled at Kelly and said, "Yes, you may bring your brother but I want you to know, my housekeeper will have a confidentiality statement for both of you to sign when you arrive. Here is my home address."
Kelly stood up and walked forward to my desk and I allowed my eyes to wander down to her chest where she sported lovely, round "B" cup titties standing proudly from her chest. They were topped with light pink areola but what caught my eyes were her very tiny, male sized nipples. Kelly paused in front of my desk when she realized I was checking out her body. I was happy to see her tight abdomen. I moved my eyes lower and I saw blonde tuffs of hair shaped in a small triangle about Kelly's pussy. The lips of her pussy were shaved bald and were glistening in the light. I smiled at Kelly saying, "I see the curtains match the carpet and although I prefer the pussy I lick to be completely bald, you do look cute with that blonde hair down there... and Kelly, in light of recent events, when alone in my office and in social settings, you may call me Dan, but please show the due respect when in front of others in the company."
Kelly reached out and took the paper I was holding with my address listed on it. She smiled and asked, "Mr., err, Dan, would you like me to shave off my blonde pubic hair?"
I looked directly at Kelly before replying, "I only lick a completely bald pussy,"
Kelly smiled back at me prior to saying, "I understand sir."
Smiling I said to Kelly, "I hope you don't mind, but I want to keep your panties so I can remind myself of the sweet smell of your excitement. At some point I may pass them back to you with a request for a fresh pair, but for now these will do just fine."
Turning to Beth, Kelly asked, "Is there anything you would like me to do for you today? There's something about being naked in our office building that's making this very exciting for me."
Beth looked at me, then back at Kelly and said, "I want you to go back to your desk and sit down and work. Take the towel you are sitting on and put it on your office chair. You may leave your office door locked for now, but at some point I may have you unlock it and let someone in to see me or Dan."
Kelly looked stunned as she asked, "I'll get to put some clothes on before I let someone in, right?"
Beth smiled and said, "I'll decide on a case by case basis. But for now, no, you will work naked and if someone comes to your door, I want you to check with me before you open it."
"Oh, shit! Do you mean there's a possibility of someone from our company seeing me completely naked?" Kelly inquired.
Beth smiled as her response to Kelly's question and sat silently looking at Kelly. Finally I said, "I have some more work to finish because I am leaving very soon, so let's get back to work. Oh, leave the door open so I can see what's going on in your offices."
Both Beth and Kelly stood up and walked towards my door and I watched both of their naked asses and smiled thinking how great my life really is. Shorty after my secretaries left my office the phone rang. Soon Kelly paged me and told me Tom was on line one. I picked up my phone and after a brief conversation with him he told me he was sending some more papers to me and the carrier should be at my office in five minutes. I thanked him then immediately called Beth and Kelly into my office. I told both of them Tom was sending more papers to my office and they would be arriving shortly. I told both of them to hurry and put their bras and blouses on and then I told Kelly to unlock her door on her way back to her desk. I told both of them to sit down behind their desks and enjoy the adventure.
Both of them hurried away and I watched from my office at my two bottomless secretaries scurried back across the room to their desks. Both of them were only moments ahead of the knock on Kelly's office door. I heard the nervousness in Kelly's voice as she said, "Come in."
I watched as the young courier opened the door and walked into Kelly's office and walked towards her desk which was out of my view. I waited for a few seconds before calling out, "Kelly, what's in the package?"
Suddenly my phone rang and when I looked, I realized Kelly was paging me. I picked up the phone and asked, "Yes Kelly? What's in the package?"
Kelly was almost whispering in a nervous voice when she said, "I don't know it's sealed and he is right here next to my desk. Do you want me to send him into your office with the package?"
I smiled to myself before saying into the phone, "Would you be so kind to bring me that package and inform the courier to follow you into my office?"
Suddenly I heard a screech both over the phone and echo through the office when Kelly asked, "What did you say?"
Then in a more calm voice, Kelly said, "I can't do that, you know."
In a steady voice I said, "Kelly, it's not your fault you spilt coffee on your skirt and had to take it off to clean it and dry it."
There was a few seconds of pause when neither of us talked before I finally heard, "Dan, do you want me to do this for you, I will you know."
I smiled again and said quietly into the phone, "Kelly, you are not required to bring this package to me, under these circumstances. I am only offering you a chance to strut your stuff, if you want to. There won't be any repercussions if you hand the package back to the courier and ask him to bring it to me. However, if you decide to walk into my office now, I want you to ask the young man to follow you and I want you to unbutton your blouse on the way in. Once you are here, I will ask you to take off both your blouse and your bra and you will be completely naked with both me and the courier in my office."
I heard Kelly say, "Thank you sir, I will be right in with the package sir."
I heard Kelly say, "Will you please follow me into Mr. Morrison's office."
A moment of two passed when suddenly I heard, "Goddammmmmn! Ma'am, you ain't wearing no fucking skirt or panties. I can see your cunt!"
I heard Kelly say, "Yes, I know. I spilled coffee on my skirt and I had to take it off and clean it. Now it's drying in the bathroom."
I watched as red faced Kelly walked through Beth's office towards mine with the courier close behind her looking and watching her ass move with each step she took. Kelly held her head still and her eyes looked straight into mine as she reached forward while extending one leg backwards so she could maintain her balance. When she stood back up the courier noticed that Kelly had unbuttoned her blouse and couldn't hold his excitement any longer when he said, "I can't wait to tell the guys what a wonderful fuckin' view you have with this bitch running around half naked."
I looked at him and asked, "Son, didn't your mom teach you any manners? First of all, a bitch is a female dog and I don't see any dogs in this office. Second, if a female is showing you something special it isn't polite or proper to tell anyone what you've seen. You need to learn to be grateful for what has been bestowed upon you. Finally, do you work for this company?"
The young courier looked at me then at Kelly as she removed her blouse and bra without being asked. Once Kelly was completely naked she dropped her clothes on my desk. Finally the young man found his voice and said, "Yes sir, I work down in the mail room. We don't get to see anything like this down there. Sir, I'm very sorry if I offended you or Kelly, that wasn't my intention. My mom taught me better and I was just overwhelmed with the view. I truly am sorry, please accept my apologies."
I looked at the young man and said, "Kelly had an accident and spilled coffee on her skirt and panties and I would only think it reasonable if you reciprocated and allow Kelly a view so she would be assured that you won't go back to the mail room and tell your buddies about seeing Kelly after such an unfortunate moment."
The young man stared at me to comprehend what I'd said and when it sunk in he asked, "So you want me to take off my clothes so we are even?"
I looked at the young man and said, "Son, you don't have to do anything you don't want to do but I would suggest that you weigh your options carefully. I want to make sure you understand that females aren't just sexual objects they are to be respected as you would want people to respect you. Are you any better than Kelly?"
The young man looked at Kelly's naked body and said, "No, I'm not better than Kelly. Kelly I am so sorry for my outburst. I will do whatever you think is reasonable to make up for my indiscretions and shortcomings."
Kelly smiled at the young man and said, "I am standing here completely naked and I would like to make sure you understand when accidents happen, we sometimes have to take actions we normally would not do. Since you created a situation out of my accident, I would love to see your completely naked body so you can understand being naked isn't easy."
The young man visibly gulped then pulled his tee-shirt over his head and dropped it in the chair behind him. I watched as he unfastened his belt with shaking fingers. He looked nervously at me then reached for his zipper and lowered it. The courier looked at Kelly and was visibly shaking as he said to her, "Please don't laugh at me when I push my pants down. I only have a little dick and even when I am fully erect I only have two inches."
Kelly suppressed her smile saying, "Go ahead and push your pants down and take them off."
The young courier followed Kelly's instructions and as his pants slide down to his ankles, he pushed his untied sneakers off so he could get his pant legs over his feet. When he was naked except for his socks, he stood up and faced Kelly. His whole body was blushing and Kelly took her time to look at his tiny cock barely sticking out past his pubic hair. I looked toward my office door and saw Beth looking around the corner.
Suddenly the young man said, "Oh fuck, I'm so embarrassed to be standing here with both of you seeing me like this."
Kelly looked up into his face and said, "Now I think you understand what I was saying about being caught in a situation. The next time you see someone and they aren't having a good day, you should ask what you can do to help them, not make fun of them. I want to tell you if you cut that hair away from your cock, it will look bigger."
The young courier's face was beet red when he said, "Gosh, thanks for the advice. As you can see, I need all the help I can get. May I get dressed now?"
I asked him, "Are you absolutely sure the guys in the mail room won't hear about Kelly's small misfortunate accident?"
He turned to me and replied, "No sir, I've learned a very valuable lesson today and I apologize again for my comments earlier."
I smiled saying, "Son, do you know who I am?"
He looked at me and said, "Not really, but with an office like this I imagine you are one of the bosses."
I smiled and said, "Close enough. What's your name?"
He replied, "My name is Creigh Johnson, sir."
I said, "Creigh, I am going to have Kelly pull your file and bring it to me for review. I'll be gone most of next week on a company trip, but when I get back I'll have you come in for an interview after I review your file. I want people who know how to make immediate decisions based on the situation they're facing. Your embarrassment didn't stop you from analyzing the situation and making the hard decision then acting on it. I don't think you should be trapped in the mail room with little or no chance for advancement."
Creigh turned and looked at me apparently forgetting he was still naked when he asked, "Can you really get me out of the mail room?"
Kelly touched Creigh's hand and said, "Mr. Morrison is the CEO for our company."
Creigh's eyes widened then he said, "Oh, Mr. Morrison, I had no idea who you were. I guess I've made an ass out of myself this time."
I smiled and said, "Listen Creigh, many times people aren't noticed unless they speak up. Your outburst was unpleasant and I think you've learned a valuable lesson from it. So from now on, think before you speak."
Creigh reached across my desk and I shook hands with him saying, "After next week, I'm make an appointment for you to come back here and we'll see what we can do about moving you into a position where there's more chance for advancement. Oh, you might want to take Kelly's advice and shave off all that pubic hair, it will make your cock look bigger."
Creigh stood up straight saying, "Thank you Mr. Morrison, I'll work hard for you."
Kelly and I watched as Creigh got dressed and when he was finished he thanked me again before I asked Kelly to show him out. Once she closed and locked the doors to her office she rushed back into my office, around my desk and hugged me tightly saying, "Oh my God, I am so fucking excited at being naked with Creigh here in your office. My juices are running down the inside of my thighs. I can't believe how horny I am right now. May I take a few minutes to take care of myself in your bathroom?"
I smiled at Kelly and said, "Please help yourself."
Suddenly out of nowhere, Kelly and I heard, "There's no fucking way you are going to waste an orgasm on your fingers. Come over here girl, we are going to take care of each other."
Beth was standing in my office doorway completely naked with one hand cupping her "C" cup titties and pinching her eraser sized nipple between her thumb and index finger. Her other hand was dangling in front of her pussy with her middle finger moving slowly up and down her clit. Kelly looked up at Beth and said, "I know I told you I was bi-sexual, but it was limited to kissing and some light petting with the other cheerleaders; I've never been with another woman before, I don't know what to do."
Beth smiled and said, "Make believe you are pleasuring yourself, but use your talents on me and you will do just fine."
Beth laid down on the floor and said, "Get on top of me facing towards my feet, with your pussy over my face and I'll show you what to do."
Kelly moved into position and Beth reached up and pulled Kelly's pussy and ass down to her face and she started licking. Beth even moved up and drove her tongue into Kelly's tiny rosebud asshole causing Kelly to gasp. After a few moments of receiving, Kelly lay down on top of Beth and moved until her face was over Beth's juicy pussy. Kelly attentively extended her tongue and licked another woman's pussy for the first time. Soon, Kelly was following Beth's lead and doing everything she was doing. Both girls were humping and their moans started getting louder that I got up and went and closed both sets of office doors in an attempt to keep the noise contained in my office. I watched as Beth reached up and inserted her finger into Kelly's dripping pussy and wiggle it around before pulling it out and slowly inserting her finger into Kelly's asshole. Kelly screamed into Beth's pussy and pushed her ass back against Beth's finger to get more of it inside her. Kelly screamed out three orgasms before she begged Beth to stop.
Kelly moved off Beth and around until she was between Beth's spread legs giving her full access to Beth's wide open pussy before attacking it like it was the last pussy on earth. The scene before me was too much for me to handle so I took off my jacket, dropped my pants and offered my hard cock to Beth's open mouth. She willingly sucked my cock into her mouth and stroked it with her free hand. I looked down her naked body and watched her lovely tits vibrate as her orgasm gripped her body and she momentarily stopped sucking my cock. When she started sucking me again it only took a couple of minutes before my sperm was on the move and I knew it wouldn't be long before I blew my load in Beth's mouth. I had just enough time to warn Beth before the first drops blew past the end of my cock. I pumped my hips burying my cock into Beth's waiting mouth, shooting load after load down Beth's throat. When I was finished, Beth licked my cock like it was a lollipop and cleaned all my cum off it.
I stood up and was just pulling up my pants when Kelly moved over in front of me and lifted my cock to her mouth and gently sucked my limp cock into her warm, moist oral cavity. She rolled her eyes up and she was looking at me as she moved back and forth on my cock, sucking and stroking it. Within a few minutes I felt my cock start to stiffen and grow in her mouth. Once I was hard she reached around behind me and gripped my ass cheeks and pulled my hips forward successfully burying my cock in her throat and holding me there. With her eyes fixed on mine she started swallowing which massaged the sensitive rim of my cock head. Soon she pulled back enough so she could breathe again. Once she caught her breath she pulled me back into her throat and this time she started swallowing immediately and I blew my small load directly down Kelly's throat. She licked my cock for a few seconds before she released it and said, "You are the first boss I've ever sucked. I hope I can have the opportunity to suck your cock again some time."
I smiled down at Kelly saying, "Before I came to this office, I've never been sucked at work before so this is a new experience for me. It really turned me on watching you walk into my office with Creigh walking behind you. It was even sexier when you automatically started taking off your blouse and bra with him standing next to you. You have a lovely body and I look forward to seeing much more of it. Thank you for being brave enough to reveal it."
Kelly smiled and said, "I love being part of this newly formed team and I meant it when I said I will do anything you ask me to do to make sure we succeed in making this company better."
I looked at both Beth and Kelly and said, "I have to wrap everything up so I can leave early. Both of you can use your discretion on what you want to wear for the next twenty minutes. But whatever you choose to wear, that's all you will wear until I am ready to leave the office. Choose carefully because you never know who will come to see me."
I saw both girls stand up and walk out of my office towards Beth's bathroom. I called to them saying, "If you leave your clothes spread around here, then they will be here until I leave. Again, you will not get any last minute reprieves."
Beth looked at Kelly, both of them giggled then turned and walked into Beth's bathroom and I went back to work.
The time flew by and soon it was time for me to pack up and get ready to leave the office. I summoned both Beth and Kelly into my office and they both showed up completely naked. I smiled and said, "I'm leaving in ten minutes and both of you should get dressed."
Both of them gathered up their clothes in my office and walked back to their office and the next time I saw them, they looked professionally dressed. I was finishing putting my papers and laptop together when they came back into my office. I asked Beth if she had everything she needed and she told me she was as prepared as possible. I looked at Kelly and said, "Kelly, I will look forward to seeing you and your brother tomorrow at the party. Dress lightly because you won't be wearing your clothes very long."
I asked Kelly if she had any questions for us and she said, "No, I have everything I need and if I need something more I can call you or ask Brenda's secretary."
I picked up everything and started out of my office when Kelly walked up in front of me and kissed me on the lips then said, "Thank you, Dan, for everything you've done to make me part of your team. I won't let you down."
I smiled at Kelly and said, "You can go get your things together and take the rest of the afternoon off as well and enjoy yourself."
Kelly smiled and said, "Thank you sir, I will do that."
Beth and I walked silently through the halls and down to the parking garage where we got into my car. Beth sat in the passenger front seat as we headed over to Kim's office. I called Kim and told her we were on the way over to pick her up and she said she was almost ready to go and would be ready when we arrived. Then I reminded Beth she needed to find a mover with new or fairly new storage containers. By the time we pulled up in front of Kim's office Beth had found a moving company and was in the final stages of making arrangements for them to move her out of her apartment. Beth started to get out and get in the back seat when Kim walked out to the car, but Kim told Beth to sit still and she got into the back seat.
As I pulled away from the curb there was a flurry of hands pulling at clothing and soon there were two naked females riding in my car. Both of them wore Cheshire cat like smiles. Beth reclined the seat and spread her legs before she said, "Dan, you can show off my naked body as much as you want."
Suddenly the passenger back window opened and I looked in the back seat and saw Kim had lain down across the seat and had her legs spread towards the window. Kim smiled at me saying, "Dan, you can take your time driving by those trucks on the interstate this afternoon. I want to show them my love tunnel."
Both Beth and Kim laughed and agreed they loved being exposed and wanted to make sure someone saw and appreciated their naked bodies. I drove up the ramp of the interstate and immediately pulled into the passing lane and saw a whole line of trucks. I eased along and came up beside the first one and it only took seconds before I heard the loud blast of his horn. Both Beth and Kim were laughing and talking about how cute the driver was. Again I eased the gas pedal towards the floor until I was beside the next truck where the girls laughed and giggled like school girls until the horn sounded and scared the shit out of me. All this excitement continued until I exited the interstate, then Beth and Kim sat up in their seats and compared notes on each truck driver they had allowed to see them. As I drove up the driveway, both Kim and Beth busied themselves by gathering their clothes so they would be ready to get out when I pulled into the garage.
When we entered the kitchen we were met by Shelly, Mary, Terri, and Hanna. We exchanged pleasantries then the three of us went upstairs. Terri followed us up and said, "Beth, you will have the same room as you did the first night you were here. I had Debbie and Ashley go through it today and make sure everything was all set for you. Are your parents coming to the party tomorrow?"
Beth said, "Yes, they are coming and they'll be bringing my little sister and her boyfriend. Dan is there a way we can rent a couple of beds or something and put them in my room so my parents can stay here with me?"
Kim spoke up and asked, "How about we buy a few of those double air beds and then we can put them wherever we need them. They come with an air pump so no one has to blow them up."
Terri said, "That's an excellent idea and while we are out tonight, we can swing by the store and buy some. That way we'll have some extras in case other people stay over tomorrow night."
I said, "I want to go down and relax in the pool for a little while before I have to get dressed for dinner. Terri, would you please call Ruth's Chris Steak House and make dinner reservations for five people. Tell them I want the quiet room on the right at 5:30 this afternoon."
Terri turned and started to leave the room saying, "I'll take care of it right away."
I went into my closet and undressed then walked out into my bedroom. Beth and Kim were hugging and kissing. I walked over to them and said, "Let's go down to the pool and cool off."
The three of us joined arms with me in the middle and we headed down stairs. We entered the kitchen and I asked, "Do any of you want to join this trio for a dip in the pool?"
With a sudden flurry of activity I felt like the Pied Piper as I led the way out on the deck and into the pool. The water surrounded my body and had an immediate cooling effect. I looked around and everyone seemed to be enjoying the cool water just like me. Mary moved over to my side and reached down to my semi erect cock saying, "I noticed someone is excited to see me, and I know exactly what to do."
Taking Mary in my arms and hugging her to my body I smiled at her and said, "Oh, I bet you do. You know, I love being the center of attention."
Terri came out on the deck and called to me saying, "I am on the phone with the restaurant and they're telling me the room you want is taken. Do you have another choice?"
I told Terri to bring me the phone as I moved to the side of the pool. I put the phone to my ear and asked who I was speaking with then told that person who I was and that I really wanted that quiet room for a family dinner. The person told me it was reserved so I asked to speak with the manager. When the manager picked up the phone I said, "Hi John, this is Dan Morrison. I am bringing my family to dinner at your place this evening and I was told the room I normally use has been reserved and I can't have it. I want to eat early because we have other plans for later in the evening."
John excused himself then I listened to John talk to the person who was making reservations then he came back on the phone asking me, "Dan, what time do you want to eat dinner?"
I replied, "We want to be there about 5:30."
Again, John excused himself and talked to his employee before he spoke to me saying, "We can accommodate you and your party Dan. The other person who reserved that room isn't going to be here until later and we can work everything out. I will personally welcome you at 5:30. Thank you for considering our restaurant for your meal."
I thanked John for his assistance and told him we would be at his establishment promptly at 5:30 so we would not hinder the next group and their reservations. I turned off the portable phone and handed it back to Terri with a smile saying, "All set."
Terri smiled at me and said, "Had I known the manager, I would have talked to him. I guess you will have to introduce me when we get there so there won't be any delay the next time I make reservations. By the way, our tent will be coming in tomorrow morning. I told them we would be here to show them where to set it up. The caterer is all set and I chose the menu for tomorrow. They are going to be here to serve light snacks then a light lunch. I ordered BBQ chicken with corn on the cob, baked potato and all the trimmings for our dinner tomorrow evening. I hope that's satisfactory."
I looked at Terri with a broad smile on my face asking her, "Terri, why would I be unsatisfied with your efficiency? I told you, I have a place for you in our company if you ever decide to stop working for the Morrisons and get a job equivalent to your abilities."
Terri smiled and put the phone down on the edge of the pool then slipped into the water saying, "I promised my boss I'm very happy with my employment besides you can't match my current benefit package. Look mister, I think you'd better stop pestering me about leaving my job because if you don't, I'm going to tell my boss to kick your ass."
I laughed right along with everyone else then replied, "Tell your boss to pack a lunch and bring his army because he's going to need all the help he can get."
Everyone in the pool roared with laughter as Terri and I continued our banter. Finally I said, "Ok, I surrender, you won!
Kim, Beth and Hanna were standing next to each other and they extended their hands out towards Terri and she moved over towards them and as she passed me, she stuck out her tongue and wiggled it. Mary and Shelly broke out laughing then Mary asked, "Dan, do you know what that means?"
I asked, "Do I know what what means?"
Mary replied, "When Terri stuck out her tongue at you that means she wants you to kiss her ass. At least that's the way I've heard it all these years."
I looked over at Terri who was bundled in Hanna's arms, kissing her passionately. Kim and Beth were busy hugging and kissing as well so I looked back at Mary and said, "I guess my smart comment can wait. It's great to see all of them enjoying each other. Speaking about enjoyment, how about all of us move up on the deck. I have a plan where all of us will enjoy ourselves."
The three of us moved up on the deck and I spread out a couple of towels them laid down on them. My cock was standing up straight so I said, "One of you get to ride the horse and the other gets to ride my tongue, you can decide who gets which end."
Mary said, "I want his cock inside me, so Shelly it looks like you get to ride that magic tongue."
I watched as Mary stepped over my hips and her lovely pussy opened slightly and I could see her lips were shiny from her womanly moisture. I was mesmerized as Mary bent her knees and began lowering her body over my hips with the tip of my cock getting closer and closer to the wonderfully, warm, juicy slit that would soon engulf my manhood. I didn't realize I was holding my breath until my lungs began to ache slightly from lack of oxygen. I exhaled just as the tip of my cock disappeared inside Mary's tight love tunnel. Mary looked directly into my eyes and gently lowered herself down the length of my cock until she was firmly sitting on my pubic area. She didn't move for a few seconds as she smiled at me, then she slowly started to grind her pussy against my pubic area causing the head of my cock to push against her cervix. Mary adjusted her position then settled back down and started to grind her pussy against my pubic again. I looked up at Shelly saying, "Come on down and let me have a taste of that sweet pussy of yours."
I watched Shelly step over to me then place one foot on each side of my head. I looked up at the tiny crack at the base of her torso, between her thighs. It stayed closed until Shelly began to slowly sink to her knees and then I saw the glistening pink pedals of her flower bloom open as she continued her downward motion. When Shelly was kneeling she moved backwards slightly until her pink flower was over my mouth, then she slowly lowered herself until she felt my tongue slip inside her. I reached up and held her hips so I could move her into the position I wanted then feverishly licked her sweet nectar, moving ever so slowly towards her clit. A couple of laps across Shelly's clit and I had her pushing her pussy downwards trying to get my tongue in constant contact with her clit. I had other plans when I pushed her slightly forward and kissed her little anal ring before I started probing it with my tongue. I'm not sure who was doing the most moaning and screaming but the volume rose when both Mary began bouncing up and down on my cock and Shelly ground her pussy into my face. Finally, I attacked Shelly's clit. Shelly leaned forward giving me better access to her clit and I held her in place until she experienced at least two major orgasms. When I felt Shelly trying to pull up and away from me I know she was too sensitive to continue so I let her go.
Meanwhile Mary had already experienced one orgasm when I felt her push down hard against me and her hips began to tremor. Now that I could see again, I reached up and cupped Mary's tiny tits and used my thumb and index fingers on each hand to pinch her nipples and pull on them. Mary screamed and yelled, "OH FUCK, OH FUCK, DAN, DON'T STOP! My nipples are so sensitive! I can cum, I'mmmmmmmm going to cum, OH FUCK!"
Mary's eyes rolled back in her head and her body went rigid. I could feel the inner tremors of her body as she experienced a mind boggling orgasm which lasted almost a full minute while she gasped for air. When it was over she flopped down on my body and just laid there impaled on my cock and breathing hard.
I heard Shelly ask, "Mary, is he still hard, may I take a ride on that wonderful cock now?"
Mary didn't answer Shelly she just rolled off me and onto the deck. She landed on her back and she didn't even try to move as Shelly moved into position and slowly sank to her knees impaling my cock into her tight pussy. I looked up at her and said, "For as tight as you are, it won't take me long before I cum inside you."
Shelly smiled at me before she replied, "It doesn't matter Dan, I've already had some great orgasms on your tongue. I want to feel you shoot your hot load into my pussy. I want to do something for you since you've been so nice to me. I'm going to milk your cock with my pussy muscles when you cum. Fuck me Dan, fuck me hard!"
I reached up and encircled Shelly in my arms then rolled both of us to one side and I ended up between her legs. Both of us shuffled until Shelly was back on the towels and then I did as she asked me to do, I fucked her hard, deep and fast. It only took five minutes and I felt my cum moving fast towards the end of my cock and suddenly I blew shot after shot deep inside Shelly. Suddenly I felt Shelly grip my cock with her muscles and I couldn't pull out of her pussy even if I wanted to. Shelly was smiling up at me before asking, "Does that feel good Dan?"
I smiled and said, "Oh yeah, that feels wonderful!"
Shelly looked into my eyes and said, "I'm getting spoiled and I don't know if I can ever go back to the way I was before I came here. I really don't want to either."
I looked into Shelly's eyes and said, "Don't worry honey, I think we are going to have a solution if everything works out the way I want it to."
I started to push myself up and saw the smile on Shelly's face then realized she was still gripping my cock with her pussy muscles and when I pulled harder my cock came out of her with an audible pop. When I sat up and looked around I saw Terri and Hanna were licking each other's pussy while Kim and Beth were doing the same thing. Mary looked at us and I remarked, "That's just too beautiful to put words to. Both of those girls are super girls. I am so happy I've had a chance to get to know them."
I leaned back on my elbows and said, "Me too Mary, me too."
Shelly, Mary and I were listening to the gentle moans as the four pleasured their partner. The moment was broken when Jenna said, "Hey, it looks like everyone started without me."
I looked up and saw Jenna, Lisa, Becky and Kevin walking across the deck and all of them were nude. Kevin was sporting a huge hard on and bouncing with each step he took. After my experience with Ted, I began to look at males differently. I found myself wondering..... just wondering.... what if.... Jenna broke my mental concentration when she walked over to me and leaned down and pulled my face towards hers and kissed me passionately saying, "I love you, daddy."
I looked up at my beautiful daughter and replied, "I love you too, darling."
I watched the four newcomers jump into the pool causing a lot of water to be splashed back up on the deck. I heard the giggling and laughing then saw a splashing session break out between the four. It was during that splashing session that I heard Kevin yell, "Hey! Don't pull so hard, that's attached to me you know!"
I heard Jenna say, "Opps, sorry Kev. I really didn't mean to pull so hard, but you pushed my shoulders back and I still had a hold of your cock."
Kevin said, "You'll have to kiss it and make it better."
Jenna replied, "I have a better idea, let's go up on the deck and you can sink at beautiful cock deep inside me and that should take care of whatever hurt you have."
Mary looked at me and quietly said, "She's your daughter for sure. She doesn't have a cock, but she knows where one belongs."
Mary and Shelly giggled as we watched Jenna lead Kevin up the steps and out of the pool before she kneeled on the deck and said to Kevin, "I want you to fuck my little pussy from behind, you know, doggie style. Daddy, can you see the cock, this beautiful cock that's going to fill your little girl's pussy in a few seconds?"
I smiled and said, "Oh yes baby, I can see his cock alright and I hope you enjoy it. Please turn a little more so I'll be able to watch him as he drives his cock into you. Fuck her good, Kevin, she's got a very nice tight pussy."
Kevin smiled at me then sunk to his knees and moved closer behind Jenna before saying, "Sir, if you don't mind me sayin', your wife has a wonderfully tight pussy too. I really enjoyed the day they took me up to the bedroom and ravished my body."
I started laughing before saying, "I can picture Jenna and Kim ravishing you. Both of them are wildcats."
Mary and Shelly moved closer to me so they could watch as Kevin slowly pushed his hips forward allowing Jenna's pussy to adjust to his size. Once he was all the way inside her he stopped for a few brief seconds then started to move backwards until the head of his cock was visible, then he pushed his cock back into my little girl. All three of us watched Kevin lovingly fuck my daughter. Jenna moaned loudly and begged Kevin to fuck her harder, but he ignored her pleas and continued his slow gentle fucking. I watched as Kevin's glistening cock pistoned in and out of Jenna causing her to experience a few small orgasms until he announced he was about to cum and Jenna begged him wait a few seconds because she was almost ready.
Suddenly Jenna's body began to quake and she screamed, "NOW, cum in me NOW!"
It was amazing to watch Kevin use his cock to send Jenna on a wild journey to a wonderful, fulfilling orgasm that left her gasping for air and Kevin leaning over Jenna's back breathing heavily while his cock was still buried deep inside Jenna's young pussy.
I never really paid much attention to another man's cock, but watching how gentle Kevin had been with my daughter I waited patiently to see what his cock looked like when he withdrew it from Jenna' sweet pussy. I've always been heterosexual and it wasn't until my experience with Ted that I started to wonder if I could actually enjoy being with another man even if it was only a part time thing. Suddenly Kevin pulled back and his shiny wet weapon dropped out of Jenna's pussy and into my view. I stared at it, noticing the large mushroom head and even flaccid, his cock was still very impressive. Mary leaned over to me and whispered in my ear asking, "Looks delicious, doesn't it? Doesn't it make you want to go over there and suck that monster deep into your mouth until it's hard again?"
I looked at Mary and her face looked sincere, so I put my hand on the side of her head and pulled her close to me before I whispered in her ear, "I would like to try something again, but without any prompting the next time. I won't care if the same females watch again, but I think it would be best to stay with someone who I can trust not to say anything."
Mary turned her face to mine and kissed me on the lips then pulled back, looking me in the eyes before saying in a hushed voice, "Dan, I am yours to do with as you wish. You have fulfilled my dream."
I smiled at Mary and asked in a whispering voice, "Will you go suck his cock then come back here and kiss me?"
Mary looked in my eyes and smiled at me whispering, "I'll bring you back some of his cum. Enjoy the show."
Mary looked over at Kevin then moved on her hands and knees as she crawled towards Kevin saying, "Kevin, I'd love to taste your cock right now with yours and Jenna's juices mixed. May I?"
Kevin smiled at Mary saying, "I'd love for you to suck my cock."
I watched as Mary leaned down and licked the length of Kevin's cock several times before it showed some signs of coming back to life with a few twitches before it started to rise. Mary opened her mouth and took the head of his cock between her teeth and gently bit down causing Kevin to gasp slightly. Then Mary opened her mouth all the way and took most of his cock deep into her mouth. As Mary sucked Kevin's cock she lowered her hand and cupped his balls and gently massaged them. Soon Kevin was moaning and fucking Mary's mouth while holding the sides of her head. Abruptly Kevin's body began to shake and he said, "Oh Mary, your mouth feels simply marvelous and I'm going to cum soon if you don't slow down."
Mary didn't stop and she didn't slow down on the contrary I could see she sped up and worked Kevin's cock. Kevin groaned and said, "I'm going to cum! Mary, stop or I'm going to cum in your mouth! Oh Fuck! Here it cums!"
Mary kept milking shot after shot of Kevin's cum into her mouth until he finished cumming. Carefully, Mary licked his cock a few more times before she sat up on her knees and kissed Kevin passionately, transferring some of his own cum into his mouth. Kevin tried to pull back but Mary held the back of his head firmly so that wasn't an option. She finished her kiss and pulled back and smiled at Kevin saying, "A real man will swallow his cum just like he wants his female partner to do."
Kevin continued to look at Mary when he replied, "I've never really tasted my cum like that before. Sure I've tasted the residue on a girl's lips, but you gave me quite a bit."
Mary moved back towards me with a smile on her face and sat down beside me. I looked suspiciously at her then saw her hand come up and I felt her hold the back of my neck and pull me towards her face. At the last second before our lips met, I could smell Kevin's semen. I opened my mouth and welcomed Mary's tongue into my mouth. She pulled her tongue back inside her mouth then pushed it back into my mouth and suddenly I felt the gob of Kevin's cum on my tongue. For an instant I was undecided what to do because I didn't want anyone else to know, but then I decided no one could see or tell what Mary had done so I took the glob and swallowed it. Mary and I continued our kiss for almost two minutes before she pulled back and winked at me. I smiled and said, "Only you...... only you..."
Mary smiled and said, "I know Dan, you don't have to say anything. You love me and I know it and that's all that counts."
I looked at my watch and said in a loud enough voice for everyone to hear me, "Hey, it's time for us to get in the house and get our showers. We have to get dressed so we won't be late for our dinner reservations."
Everyone slowly exited the pool while talking and carrying on different conversations. Mary stepped up to me and asked, "Are you sure you don't need a female sidekick to make sure all of you stay safe tonight while you're out?"
I smiled at Mary and said, "I don't think that will be necessary because we will be in my car and if you makes you feel any better I'll go packing tonight."
Mary followed me into the bathroom where Beth and Kim were just finishing their shower. Mary sat on the toilet and peed then while she was using the bidet I took a leak. Mary and I showered together and dried off.
Instead of going to her room she went into my closet with me and while I was getting dressed Mary opened one of the bags and pulled out a case which held one of my new Glock 22 Night Raptors. Mary said in a very quiet voice, "Those two girls are special to me too now that I've been around them. I won't want to see anything happen to them. I'll help you load a couple of clips and unpack one of those beauties. I want to take one of these out to the target range one day. I'll bet these operate smooth as silk. You know this Glock 22 Night Raptor has night sights on it and they glow in the dark. I love the holsters you bought too. They ride high on your hip and a polo shirt will cover the gun so no one will see it. Honestly Dan, I'll feel much better with you carrying your piece tonight, since neither of us is going to dinner with you."
When I put my belt on my pants Mary was right there to thread my holster with my belt and showed me where I should wear it so I can reach it in a hurry. She even helped me choose my shirt and waited for me to put it on so she could make sure my gun was covered. Kim came in my closet and asked, "Are you two hiding in here or what?"
Mary turned me around and lifted my shirt and Kim saw my pistol and said, "Oh my, that's right we are not going to have Mary and Shelly with us tonight, so that's a great idea."
When we finished in my closet, Mary went to her room. A few minutes later Kim and I walked out into the hall headed for downstairs. We passed Beth's room and she was pulling her tank top over her head. She was already wearing her shorts and said to us, "I've decided to go to my apartment and pick up some of my more personal things and some of my clothes and bring them back here, since I'm going to be staying here now."
I smiled and asked Beth if she wanted to take my Lincoln Navigator because she could put more in the Navigator than her car. Beth looked at me and said, "Are you sure you trust me to drive that car?"
I laughed and said, "Why wouldn't I trust you with my car? I trust you with my business life and without a great secretary, I'd be dust soon."
Mary was just coming out of her room when she heard my statement to Beth and she started giggling. "Did you hear that Beth? YOU are THE WOMAN! Who makes the man!"
All three women broke out laughing and they were joined by Shelly when she heard the noise. I waited patiently for the hens to stop cackling before simply saying, "It's true, Beth is one of the important women in this man's life but let's not forget all of you are pretty important too, so let's make sure everyone receives their due."
Kim leaned in and kissed my cheek saying, "That's my Dan, he's got plenty of finesse, when it comes to slipping out of sticky situations."
I looked at Mary and Shelly saying, "Each of you are going separate ways tonight so which one of you wants to take the police car and which one of you wants to take my car because I'm taking the Escalade tonight?"
Mary said, "Shelly and I can figure that out when we are ready to leave. Thanks for the offer, Dan. This afternoon Shelly and I were trying to figure out how we were going to do everything with only one car between us."
I smiled at both girls and said, "One day I'll take both of you for a ride so you can pick up your cars and bring them back here. That way you'll have them available in case you want to go out and do something during the day or night."
I looked at my watch and said, "Hey, we have to get going. The keys for the cars are in the den. Have a great evening and enjoy yourselves."
Kim and I went downstairs where we met Jenna, Terri, and Hanna waiting patiently at the breakfast counter. They saw us walk into the kitchen and Jenna spoke up saying, "Old people, they take so long to get dressed."
I looked over my shoulder at Beth, Mary and Shelly and asked, "Which one of you is going to lock up the house? Do each of you have a key to get back in? Beth, you'll have the Navigator so you won't have to worry because it has a garage door opener on the visor. And whichever one of you that uses my car can use the door opener on the visor also."
Terri walked into the den and came back carrying a key saying, "Here's the front door key for whoever needs one."
I looked at my watch and said, "We're late, we'll have to go fast to get to the restaurant on time. Let's go."
We all said our goodbyes and Kim led the way followed by Terri, Hanna, Jenna and I brought up the rear. We went out and got into the Escalade and I opened the door, backed out of the garage, and we were off. I didn't waste any time on the way to the Ruth's Chris Steak House and we pulled into the parking lot right on time. We got out of the car and I followed my family into the restaurant but while we were on the street I suddenly went into surveillance mode and looked at everyone we passed until we were safely inside the building. We were met at the door by a very friendly young lady and when she saw on the chart where we were going to eat dinner, she smiled and said, "Please follow me."
When we were seated in our special room the young lady said, "I'll be right back, our manager was waiting for you, but he had to take a phone call, I'll let him know you're here."
When the door opened again a young waiter entered the room and asked if he could take our drink order. After everyone told him what they wanted to drink I told him I would make the dinner order for all of us because I was very familiar with their menu. I finished making our order when the door opened and John stepped in and I stood immediately and shook his hand before I introduced him to everyone. John told me he was very happy he was able to accommodate me. I smiled and said, "We won't dally after we finish eating. We are having a family night out and we have more plans for later this evening."
John said, "I'll check back later after you have your meal and make sure everything is acceptable for all of you."
When the young waiter returned he was followed by a slim waitress who was carrying a silver bucket with a bottle of champagne in it. I looked at the waiter and he immediately said, "John wanted to thank you for having dinner at our restaurant so he sent this for you."
I smiled at the young waitress who helped distribute the drinks to everyone. The waiter showed me the label on the champagne then uncorked it with a loud pop. He poured a little in a glass for me to taste and after I sipped some, I smiled at him and told him it was very good. I told him to leave the bottle and I would pour the champagne for everyone. Both of them turned and walked out the door then Kim and I set about pouring some champagne for each of us. Once everyone had some, I made a toast to our family and to long life and prosperity for each of us. Kim seconded my toast and there were echoes of similar sentiments from around the table. All of us took a sip of our champagne.
We were talking quietly when Terri spoke up saying, "I hope you remembered we have to go to the mall tonight so we can buy some air beds for the guests we will be having tomorrow."
I smiled and looked at Terri saying, "See Kim, I told you right from the start we need to get her a job in my office."
Terri smacked her forehead lightly saying, "Oh brother, mister, you have a one track mind! Why can't you get over the fact that I'm happily employed and not looking to work in some stuffy ole office?"
Kim chimed in saying, "Yeah right! He's been stuck in a rut for a long time. It's a good thing he has all this estrogen around him." The four women with me burst out laughing and some were clapping their hands.
The door opened again to our room and the wonderful aroma of our meal filled the room. We were served family style and there was plenty for everyone. I looked around the table and said, "If you walk away from this table hungry, it will be your own fault. This is the reason I love coming to Ruth's Chris."
During our meal our conversation covered many topics and suddenly Hanna said, "Oh Dad, I need to go to my apartment to get my pass port before Sunday."
I smiled and said, "We'll let Mary or Shelly take you to your apartment because there is a police presence in that area and they don't know my car so I don't want them to come out of their surveillance unnecessarily."
Hanna smiled saying, "Oh yeah, I forgot. Terri and I are still targets. Staying at your house allowed me to feel safe and forget about all that for a little while."
I said, "Don't worry honey, I will always do the best I can to protect both of you. That's why it took me longer to get downstairs. Mary was showing me everything about my new pistol."
Terri and Hanna looked at me and Terri spoke first saying, "You're certainly a man of all talents.
Hanna said, "My life is in your hands."
We finished eating and all five of us were totally stuffed from our meal. As a general consensus we decided against ordering any dessert. When the waiter came back I told him we didn't want dessert because we were stuffed but I'd take the check. When the waiter came back I handed him my card and just as he was leaving John came rushing back in the door and asked, "Is everyone happy with your meal and the service? Everyone expressed their satisfaction and the fact they were stuffed. Finally I said, "John, thank you very much for making the arrangements for us to use this room and the champagne. I appreciate everything you've done and I will be back with a larger group soon."
John couldn't have rushed any faster over to my end of the table to shake my hand and thanking me and us for dining at Ruth's Chris Steak House. I reached out and shook John's hand. He told me he would look forward to serving us again then turned, excused himself, before he promptly left the room.
I looked at my watch and it was time to get to the address that had been given to me. I drove to the address and purposely went by the building the first time looking around to see if anyone was there. At the end of the block I made a right turn and two more right turns so I could come back up the street again. I pulled in the parking lot next to the building then pulled around in the back of the building like I had been instructed to do. I sat in the car and looked at everyone before asking, "Are we doing this? It's not too late to go home."
Hanna was the first to speak up saying, "Oh no you don't dad, we are going to watch the show and I'm going to enjoy it. I don't care what they do to all three of them as long as they suffer like I did. I only wish they could bring some homeless guys here and make them suck their unclean cheesy cocks, like they made me do."
Terri was next to say, "I'm with Hanna. I want to watch them punished more than they punished me. I know the United States courts can't impose the kind of punishment those bastards deserve so I'm hoping I will get to witness that part tonight. Then if the courts want to put them away for many years, at least they will have some idea what it felt like when they made us do nasty things."
I looked at Kim and Jenna and both of them said they were here in support of Hanna and Terri so they didn't have anything to say other than they hoped the punishment would be severe. I told everyone to stay in the car for a moment and I got out and walked over the brown metal door and knocked. I waited at least thirty seconds then knocked again. After the second knock the door creaked as it opened about a foot or so and a man in a black ski mask asked, "What do you want?"
I said, "My name is Dan, I'm on your list. My family is in the car."
The man in the ski mask said, "Pull up to the garage door over there, we are going to park your car inside the building for security reasons. I'll open it when you are in front of the door."
I walked back to the Escalade and got inside. I started the engine and backed up and pulled in front of the garage door which started opening the moment I neared it. Inside there was another ski masked person who directed me where to park. Once I backed into the space the person indicated, the person walked over to the side of my car and had me put down both windows on the driver's side. Immediately the male voice asked, "I want the names of everyone in this vehicle start with the driver then the passenger in the front seat and then the passengers in the back seat."
I said, "I'm Dan Morrison."
Kim was next saying, "I'm Kim Morrison."
In the back seat on the driver's side Terri said, "I'm Terri Powell."
Next Hanna said, "I'm Hanna Lindquist"
Finally Jenna spoke up saying, "I'm Jenna Morrison."
The man's eyes looked at each person as they spoke then said, "You will be escorted to a secure area where you will be able to view the show. Please don't attempt to leave the room for any reason once the show starts because my people won't allow it. You will be told when we feel the area is secure enough for you to leave. If you have any questions now is the time to ask them."
Hanna started to speak but her voice cracked up and she couldn't finish her sentence. Terri hugged Hanna to her and offered her a tissue. Then Jenna spoke up saying, "Hanna is the one those guys treated badly and she has a request for you. At one time during her ordeal they made her suck the cock of some homeless men who had cheese under their foreskin, Hanna has said she hopes you have some homeless guys here with nasty cheesy cocks for them to suck. And while I'm telling you this, Harold is the one who rammed something up Hanna's ass when she was unconscious and almost killed her. Sir, I don't know what you have planned, but if you can add something in, that would be her request."
The man watched Hanna cry then called another ski masked person over to the side my car and told the second person who each of us was then related the request from Jenna for Hanna. The second person saw Hanna crying in the back and then spoke, saying in a very female voice, "We are committed to make this an event they will never forget. We didn't have the details of the abuse they put you through except they waxed your whole body below the neck, displayed your naked bodies to others, spanked and beat you with a belt and also they took pictures of you in various poses. I don't want you to relive the events, but is there anything else you remember?"
Hanna dried her tears enough to say, "What Jenna told you, is correct. Whatever Harold did to my body after I was unconscious I don't have any idea. But he did spread my legs and beat my pussy with his belt for his and his friend's pleasure because I didn't do something for him fast enough."
The female in the ski mask gasped as she backhanded the chest of the guy standing next to her, in the chest as she yelled, "I don't need to hear anymore! THOSE MOTHER-FUCKING-ASSHOLES! Those SONS-OF-A-BITCHES are going to pay dearly NOW! Don't you worry honey; I will personally take care of making some additional arrangements right fuckin' now! I'll CASTRATE them little cock suckers if they step out of line! FUCKIN' LIL PIGS...... aaaaaaawwwwwwwwww! This show just got a little longer!" The female stomped off leaving us speechless in the car and the guy outside the car in the ski mask rubbing his chest.
He turned to me and said, "I'll escort you to your room now. I wouldn't want to be in those guys shoes tonight.......whewwwww, she's pissed. By the way, she means what she says. She's part of our team and anyone she gets pissed at doesn't have to guess if she's pissed at them."
Please put up the windows and get out of your car and lock the doors. This area is covered by security cameras and we have a sharpshooter watching this area, even now."
We got out of the car and met in the front then I pushed the button and locked the doors. Then the man in the black ski mask said in a very polite voice, "Please follow me and stay together, we have about a five minute walk to get to the room you will be occupying."
As we walked along my eyes were looking for any other sign of life and it there was any, I didn't see it. The man in the ski mask talked as we walked saying, "You will find we tried to make it as comfortable as possible. The room is air conditioned now and there are cold refreshments in the coolers along with some snacks on the tables. Please feel free to help yourself and please enjoy the show. When our commanding officer informed us about this assignment, both guys and girls were fighting to be included so we could help provide the proper justice for these young ladies. There's no shortage of help tonight."
As we approached a door we saw there was an armed guard standing beside it wearing a black ski mask and what looked like a bullet proof vest with many things hanging off it. Our escort said, open the door, and the door was immediately opened and held opened as we entered. Inside there were two more armed guards wearing black clothes and black ski masks along with the same type vests with all kinds of things hanging from it. Our escort said, "You must stay in here until I come back to get you and take you back to your car. Both of these people are trained and combat hardened to make sure you are safe as long as they are alive. We don't anticipate any problems but we are ready for anything. I won't tell you how many volunteers are here tonight, but to put your minds at ease, there are more of us on this mission than we've ever had before. By the way, it won't do any good to try to talk to either of these two people because while they are on duty, they won't allow anyone to distract them. I hope you understand."
I looked at the blue eyes in the eyes holes of the black ski mask and said, "I want to thank you for everything you're doing. Both of these girls have suffered greatly at the hands of those bastards and they can't be punished enough as far as I'm concerned."
I lowered my voice to a whisper and said, "Is there a way I can make a donation to your organization without upsetting anyone?"
The man in the ski mask continued by saying, "The glass in the front of the room is bulletproof security glass which we installed strictly for this show. When the lights are on in the other room, no one will be able to see in here. Please familiarize yourself with the room because the overhead light will be turned off before the show starts. There are small red lights which will provide some light in here, but they aren't bright, so this room will basically be dark. Even in the bathroom."
The man in the ski mask asked, "Does anyone have any questions?"
I looked at everyone and since no one said a word, the man in the ski mask said, "I will see you later. I will be back and forth with the others who will be occupying this room with you, but you folks are our priority. I'll pass your message along." He turned and winked at me then walked out the door.
Immediately after he left the room one of the guards stepped in front of it and locked it before turning and facing back into the room. I said, "Let's look around and get familiar with this room and the bathroom so we'll know where everything is."
Jenna said, "Wow dad, this is too eerie. It's like we are caught in the middle of a military operation."
I looked at Jenna and replied in a very quiet voice, "All of these people are former military and now they use their military training and go in and take care of situations as mercenaries. They are just as dedicated to completing a mission as our military forces. The only difference is they don't have to wait for the President of the United States to confer with his generals before they act."
We walked around the room and as we were checking out the bathroom there was a knock on the door and when it opened to admit the next group of people, I recognized the guys who came through the door. The same ski masked man who brought us to the room escorted my friends to the room. He gave them the same speech he had given us and then left again. I walked over and shook hands with the new arrivals and we talked quietly in the far side of the room away from all the others. While I was talking with my friends, our ski masked escort came back with a very tall and beautiful lady and a well dressed gentleman whom I didn't recognize but I had an idea who they were. Both of them walked in and selected a cold bottle of water out of the cooler and then took a seat in the second row and talked amongst themselves. The ski masked escort came back one more time and before he left this time he said, "Get your drinks and go to the bathroom quickly, but please take your seats, the show will be starting soon. The guests of honor are almost here. Please reserve the front row for special guests tonight and you know who you are."
Within a few minutes after our ski masked man left the room the overhead lights went out and the room was converted to a dark room with small red lights glowing near the floor.
The lights came on in the other room and for the first time we could see the room was lavishly decorated with a large dark curtain hanging in the rear of the room. Moments later three males and three females came into the room. The females were hanging all over the men and when I heard Hanna and Terri gasp in shock I knew the three males were Harold Gordon, Bill Jefferson and Pete Jensen. I looked over and with the small amount of light coming through the glass I could see both girls eyes were wide open.
There were speakers in our room so we could hear the conversation between everyone as plainly as if we were in the room with them. The three girls looked like they were about fifteen years old, but I had been forewarned that all of them were former military people who were martial arts experts.
We heard one of the girls call Harold by name so now I know who I wanted to see hurt the most. The girls giggled and played with all three males and the one with Harold asked him, "Do you like young girls. What would you like to do to me?"
Harold immediately said, "You little slut, I want to see your naked ass and see if you're worth me putting my cock in your cunt. You probably fuck all the boys at school, don't ya? You look like a little slut now that we are in the light and I can see you better."
The girl put on s sad face and said, "I'm just trying to be nice to you, why do you want to call me bad names? I thought you liked me?"
While the other two guys were pawing and feeling up the girls with them, Harold continued to get rowdy with his girl. Harold pulled her over to stand in front of him and said, "Get out of them fucking clothes right now or I'm gonna rip them off you, then I'm going to take this belt off and you'll wish you moved quicker."
The girl said in a tearful sounding voice, "But mister, we are here to have a great time. My friends don't know I'm using their movie set so please, be kind to us."
Harold said in a gruff voice, "You little fucking slut, how dare you talk to me like that, when we get out of here, I'm going to sell your fucking dumb ass to some of my friends and they'll take you far away and rape your stupid ass until you're dead. NOW, STRIP THEM FUCKING CLOTHES OFF!"
When the little girl didn't move fast enough, Harold reached down and grabbed the front of her shirt and ripped it open and the buttons went flying in different directions. The young girl cringed and started to sink to her knees when Harold yanked her up by the arm and held her up and started undoing her pants. Bill and Pete were watching Harold then told the girls with them to start stripping too, but they didn't swear at the girls like Harold was doing.
I looked over at Terri and Hanna then decided to ask Kim and Jenna to move so I could sit between Hanna and Terri so I could put my arm around each one and let them know they are safe. While we were moving and my eyes weren't watching Harold had yanked his girl's pants almost all the way off and she was dangling by her arm in Harold's grip. Harold was still yelling a barrage of names and threats at the young girl. Her tiny white silk panties were the only thing keeping her most private part covered from Harold's beady eyes. The young girl was screaming, "Please don't hurt me, I thought you liked me."
Harold said, "Shut up you little cunt, no one is going to hear you and I'm going to enjoy raising welts on that young cunt of yours. I'm going to whip you with my belt 'til you pass out. Then I'm going to fuck your holes! All your holes, do you understand me you little worthless cunt."
Bill was the next one to start yelling at his girl. He told her she'd better take a lesson from Harold and get naked or he was going to beat her with his belt. "That girl started whining and said, "Please mister, I'll suck your cock, but I'm having my period so please don't fuck me. I'll do anything else for you."
I looked down at Hanna and Terri and I saw both of them had tears in their eyes. I leaned over and asked, "Do you want to go in the bathroom so you won't see this?"
Terri leaned over and said, "I thought they were going to get punished, why are they allowing them to beat up those girls like that?"
I whispered, "Those girls are women and at any time they choose, they can whip all three of those guys because they are specialists in Martial Arts."
Hanna whispered, "But they look like high school aged girls. How do you know so much about them?"
I whispered, "It's a long story. Can we talk about this later?"
Terri and Hanna both nodded their heads affirmatively and then our eyes went back to the large glass window to see what was happening.
By now Pete had his girl completely naked and was down on his knees licking and biting her tiny nipples while he had a finger was pushed up her pussy. On the other side of the room Harold was still threatening the girl with him. Harold had just whipped off his belt and was about to strike the young girl when suddenly at least ten people dressed in black clothes with black ski masks invaded the room and a couple of them grabbed Harold and took the belt away from him. The other two were each grabbed by two people dressed in black and brought to the center of the room where Harold was standing. Then all three men were pushed to the floor and made to kneel and cross their feet.
Harold was the one who spoke up first when he said, "I don't know who the fuck you people are and I don't give a shit. I'm a powerful man in this city and I have connections all the way to city hall. If you leave now, so we can start fucking these little whores, I won't say anything. If you choose to stay, I'll make sure your life is miserable for the rest of your natural born days. I know where we are so I can lead the police chief back here tomorrow to arrest all your sorry asses."
Suddenly a male voice spoke up saying, "We have you on video threatening these young ladies and Harold you assaulted that young lady and you forced her to strip. We watched you violently strip her clothes off; I think you are in far more trouble than any of us will be. I have video from the time you got in the car with these three young ladies and your conversations have been recorded. Now I have three consent statements here that I want you to read and sign. The statement basically says that you are a willing participant into tonight's events which will start soon. Harold, like you said earlier to the young lady, if you don't sign my consent form then you will disappear and I'm sure you won't like the alternatives because I'll sell your sorry ass to some people I know and they will make you wish you were never born by the time they get done pulling your teeth and raping not only your throat but that big fat ass of yours. What's it going to be boys, make up your mind quickly because I don't have all night?"
Defiantly, Harold said, "You are just a bunch of masked cocksuckers who are pussys hiding behind your ski masks. Let me see who you are and I'll kick your ass right here and right now."
The male voice spoke up again and said, "Harold, Harold, Harold, didn't you listen to me? I'm not your average off the street person, but then again, why am I talking to you? You need a lesson Harold. You need a very quick lesson so stand up, RIGHT NOW!"
Harold lumbered to his feet and stood facing the man in the black ski mask. Harold said, "You're going to get a taste of what that little girl got, right now. Get ready to take an ass whooping!"
The man in the black ski mask simply motioned the little girl that Harold had stripped over to stand in front of him before saying, "Harold if you want a piece of me, you have to get past her first."
Harold laughed and just as he reached out to pull her out of the way, the young lady moved lightening fast and the next thing Harold knew, he was lying on the floor. Harold jumped up and charged the girl once again and she moved lightening fast again, but this time Harold was on the floor nursing his sore nuts after being kicked with such speed and power they were almost crushed.
The man in the black ski mask asked, "Do either of you other fellows want to help Harold? After all, he is your buddy, isn't he? He brought customers to you and you helped abuse them, aren't you going to help him now?"
Both men hung their head and when Harold rolled over and got up he ran at the young lady bouncing up from a crouched position, intent on slamming her with his body and taking her down. For a third time the young lady moved and countered Harold's attack with a move of her own sending Harold sprawling on the floor. This time the man in the black ski mask walked over and put his foot on the side of Harold's head and said, "Play time is over. I'm a very busy man. Harold when you stand up this time, I want you to pick up a pen and sign your consent form for me. If you don't then I am going to turn all three girls loose on your sorry ass for the next ten minutes. Do you know how many broken bones they can give you in the next ten minutes? What's it going to be, Harold?"
Harold asked, "What are you going to do to me if I sign the form?"
The masked man said, "Oh Harold, I can't tell you that. I know you like to keep others in suspense so be a good little boy and sign the form. If you don't, you will be in a crate on the next flight to some friends of mine and you will never be heard from again. The last white man I sold them lasted only five days, but they assured me they got their money's worth out of him before they went trolling with him behind a large boat, in shark infested waters. Do you want to be eaten alive after they've pulled all your teeth and fucked all your holes until all of your orifices are so stretched out they won't even close any longer?"
Suddenly we plainly heard both Bill and Pete ask where the forms were so they could sign them. Harold was a little slow on the draw but after at least two minutes of hesitation he said, "OK, I'll sign your fucking form. Let me up, you bastard!"
Harold's head was released and he got up slowly. He looked around and asked, "Who the fuck are you people and what do you want with us?"
The masked man said, "Read and sign the form Harold. I'm all business now, play time is over."
Harold read the form and started to ask a question but the masked man cut him off saying, "You should have been asking question instead of fighting. The choice is yours you can sign or your ass is on its way to a foreign country."
Harold said, "Ok, where's a pen and I'll sign the form."
Once all three forms were signed and handed to another masked person who left the room with them, the main masked man said, "I want all three of you to face the window and strip naked. DO IT NOW!"
Harold started to say something but he stopped immediately and yelled when a cattle prod was pushed up against his ass and electrified. Harold jumped and yelled then the masked guy said, "STRIP NOW!"
Harold looked over his shoulder at the cattle prod coming back toward him and he jumped up shouting, "Alright! Alright I'll take off my clothes."
When all three men were standing naked, the masked guy told them to pick up their clothes and deposit them in the laundry bag on the floor next to Harold. Pete and Bill moved swiftly, but Harold was a little slow so while he was bending over picking up his clothes the cattle prod touched his bare ass and Harold screamed and danced around the floor holding his ass. The masked guy said, "Five seconds from now you are going to be held down and your balls will be the next target."
Harold tried to move quickly and get his clothes in the bag but the time ran out when the masked guy said, "Grab him, hold him down."
Immediately Harold started begging for mercy but to no avail. The masked guy took the cattle prod and pushed it against Harold ball sac and held it there while Harold cried, "Please, I beg of you, don't shock me there. Please I'll do anything you ask me to do, but please don't do it."
The masked guy said, "Let him go."
Harold thought he was off the hook and started saying, "Oh thank you" Then he screamed....... "OH FUCK!!!!" For the next couple of minutes Harold rolled on the floor screaming and moaning.
The masked guy waited for Harold to stop screaming then said, "Harold, YOU ARE going to do anything I tell you to do. Harold, don't think you can get out of something by saying you'll do anything I ask - you will do it! Do we understand each other Harold?"
"Stand up, Harold; we have to get moving, times wasting." The masked guy said.
When Harold was on his feet the masked guy turned to Pete and Bill and said, "Go stand by your buddy and get your hands away from those tiny cocks."
The curtain pulled back and suddenly we saw three tables. In a flash people moved the furniture around and pushed the three tables and the three carts forward to the center of the room. The masked guy looked at all three men and said to them, "I remember reading several newspaper stories and listening to the news on the television about all three of you being arrested for abusing some young ladies. I thought to myself, why would three older men choose to assault and abuse young ladies? Harold, how many young ladies did you assault and abuse?"
Harold just stood looking at the masked guy and didn't answer. Finally the masked guy said, "Fine Harold, you don't want to tell me so here's how it's going to go. If you don't respond to any of my questions or if you respond with a delay, one of your friends here is going to suffer for you. Harold, choose either Bill or Pete to receive the first punishment for your stubbornness."
Harold just turned his head and looked at Bill and Pete and didn't say a word. The masked guy said, "That's easier now. You have not answered two questions so both of them will be punished. Are you getting the picture now Harold?"
The masked guy said to some of the other people dressed in black, "Put on your rubber gloves and come here."
"Bill, I'm afraid Harold isn't such a good friend to you because by his silence he has sentenced you to a punishment. Hold him."
Two men grabbed Bill and he started crying immediately and begging Harold to talk, but Harold remained silent. The masked guy put the cattle prod on Bill's cock and pushed the button and the room was filled with Bill's screams. When he was released Bill fell to the floor holding his cock in his hands. The masked guy moved over in front of Pete and immediately Pete started begging not to be shocked by the cattle prod. He offered to tell the masked guy how many girls Harold brought to his studio to be photographed, but the masked guy shook his head and simply said, "Hold him."
Pete fell to the floor trying to avoid being shocked, but two more people came over with rubber gloves on and held Pete's legs spread wide. The masked guy put the cattle prod on Pete's cock and said, "You should have taken your punishment like a man so unlike Bill you are going to experience real pain. Tell me when you are ready."
Pete begged and begged for the masked guy not to shock him, but finally the masked guy grew tired of listening to him and pushed the button and held it for five seconds while Pete went hoarse from screaming. By the time he let go of the button Pete was a babbling and blubbering fool.
The masked guy turned to Harold and said, "How many young girls have you abused and what are their names?"
The masked guy put the tip of the cattle prod on Harold's cock as Harold started calling out in a very loud and clear voice all the names of girls he abused. The masked guy didn't keep count, but there had to be at least twelve names Harold called out. When he stopped calling out names, the masked guy asked, "Are there anymore girls you abused, Harold?"
Harold was crying when he answered, "No, that's all of them."
"Harold I want you to be very honest with me. Tell me, how many of the girls that you abused did you take to Bill and Pete for additional abuse." The masked man asked Harold.
Harold replied, "I took all of them to both Bill and Pete. Bill waxed all the hair off their bodies then Pete photographed them."
The masked guy asked, "Harold, how many of the girls gave you permission to have their bodies waxed bare?"
Harold looked worried but he said, "Ummmmm.... I don't remember."
The masked guy moved his thumb towards the button and Harold saw it and shouted, "NONE OF THEM..... I mean none of them gave us permission to wax their bodies. I wanted it done so Bill did it for me."
This is an important question Harold, "Did you force some of the girls to have sex after you and Bill finished waxing them? If so what did you do?"
Tears were running down Harold's face as he said, "All of them sucked our cock when Bill was finished waxing them. I wanted them to show their appreciation for the work he had done for them."
"Is there anything else you did to the girls in the salon after waxing them?" The masked guy asked.
Harold was out right crying when he said, "One girl was a trouble maker so I got some homeless guys from the alley and made her suck their cocks. She didn't like it, but she did it. I made her swallow their cum. But she was a trouble maker and didn't do everything I told her to do, so she deserved what she got."
The masked man asked, "What was the name of the girl who was a trouble maker and did you do anything more to her than make her suck some cocks?"
Harold cried out, "I don't remember her name, but I made her spread her pussy for some other homeless guys. I had to punish her when she was done and she passed out so I fucked her ass with a bunch of stuff. Are you done now? I've told you everything."
One last thing Harold, "Do the police have all the pictures that you or Pete took of all the girls you abused?"
Harold said, "NO.....NO they don't have everything, some are hidden away. I can't say any more because they don't know about all the girls only a couple of them. I'm going to get those two and kill them when I find them."
"Harold, you do know if you don't tell me the correct answers to my questions, you can still be in that crate headed out of the country tonight. I swear to you the first thing my friends will do to you is pull your teeth so you can suck cock without biting them. Did I mention they use regular pliers and they don't use Novocain they just start pulling? If that don't hurt you enough I'm sure losing one leg at a time while the sharks feed off your lower limbs will hurt plenty more. After the sharks rip off your legs and arms, my friends will let go of you and the sharks get to fight over which piece of you they want. Ouch. I think that will hurt a lot too." The masked guy said.
Harold said, "Oh what the fuck, all the rest of the pictures are in a safety deposit box in my bank under the name of Henry Thomas. I don't care anymore. You can't hurt me, so fuck you."
The masked guy said, "Harold, that's why we're here tonight. You see, I don't like people who take advantage and abuse others without just cause. There was no reason for you and your friends to abuse those girls and subject them to the humiliations you forced upon them. This is the United States of America and we are all entitled to live free without fear. I'm not going to talk long because you won't understand so we are going to go to work. You see, you waxed those girls for your enjoyment so my crew members are going to sit down for a little while and watch all three of you get waxed smooth just like you did to all the girls. The only difference between you and me is I have signed consent forms from all three of you agreeing to let me do whatever I want to do to you during our get together tonight. So I want each of you to stand up and walk over to a table and lay down. Bill and Pete will have the outside tables and lay on their backs. Harold, you will have the middle table and you will lay on your stomach first. Get moving, NOW!"
For the next forty-five minutes all three men screamed loudly as hot wax was spread on their bodies and then their hair was ripped out by its roots. The people doing the waxing didn't even attempt to minimize the pain of being waxed; they just held the strips firmly and yanked. The three men screamed the loudest when their legs were lifted almost up to their chests and spread apart and strapped in place while their cock and balls and their ass was waxed and the hair yanked away from their bodies in those sensitive areas. Every inch of their skin including the skin on their necks was waxed. As a final touch the masked guy walked between the tables and looked down at Bill, Harold and Pete and said, "Wax off their eyebrows too." By the time the waxing ended all three males were totally smooth.
After being waxed bald, the masked guy had all of them stand up and walk forward and sit on a bar stool that had been placed in front of their tables. All three of them were instructed to sit down on their stool facing in our direction. Standing off to the side of the men the masked guy ordered the hair on the top of their heads cut off without any attachments on the clippers. When all three were bald the masked guy ordered each of them to have their head shaved with a razor. All three brave men were reduced to outright crying as the last of their hair was removed from their body.
When they were shaved the masked guy said, "All of you need a shower but we don't have showers here. However we did the next best thing we stocked up on cold water so go over there and stand on the purple dots and face towards me, and we'll get you clean."
Reluctantly all three men walked over and stood on one of the purple dots spaced about two feet apart on the floor. Suddenly cold water started to fall on the head of each of them and all of them screamed. The masked guy told them to wash up quick because they had to be clean before the water ran out or they would be punished. All three went into high gear and shivered as the cold water poured down on them they tried to wash all the hair that fell on their bodies during the hair cut they received.
When the water stopped running the masked guy walked over and inspected them and approved each wash job. The masked guy apologized for not having any towels for them but he informed them they did bring fans so he ordered each man to set in front of a fan so they would air dry faster. The fans were turned on and all three men shivered as the water dried on their skin. When the three of them were dry the masked guy ordered all three to step back in the center of the room. The masked guy asked Harold, "You said you fucked one of the girls in the ass for your enjoyment. Tell me what did you fuck her in the ass with?"
Harold immediately replied, "I don't remember."
The masked guy asked, "Harold, did you use lubricant before you put something in her ass?"
Harold replied, "No, of course not. I told you she was a trouble maker so I fucked with my cock first and then I used other stuff. But I don't remember what else I used."
The masked guy said, "Harold, have you ever been fucked in the ass? That is, before tonight?"
Harold's eyes grew wide and said, "No one is touching my ass. I'll break some fucking arms and legs if anyone tries."
The masked guy walked over to Harold and said, "Bend over you fucking worm!"
Harold saw the cattle prod in his hand so he bent over a little way until he was told to bend over and touch the floor with his hands. Once Harold was in position the masked guy stepped in front of Bill and Pete and told both of them to do the same thing Harold was doing. Both men immediately got into position before the masked guy reminded Harold if he didn't do as he was instructed immediately his friends would be punished. Harold nodded his head so the masked guy told Harold to choose one of the guys to receive the punishment. Harold remained silent and after five seconds, the masked guy informed Harold time was up so both his friends would receive their punishment. Then he continued to tell Harold since this is the second time he hesitated he would receive twice the punishment his friends received.
The masked guy stepped around behind the three men and put the prod on Pete's ball sac and pushed the button and Pete sunk to the floor screaming. Bill was next and Bill sunk to the floor also screaming. Harold squatted down so his balls couldn't be reached so the masked guy gave Harold three seconds to get back into position. When he didn't move, four people held Harold spread eagle face down and the masked guy not only shocked Harold's balls, but he pushed the prod into Harold's asshole about an inch before pushing the button several times giving Harold several two to three second shocks while he watched Harold scream and squirm on the floor.
While they were waiting for Harold to get up off the floor the masked guy instructed all three girls that had escorted the men into the room to go over to the table and pick up one of the twelve inch fake cocks. He instructed the girl with Harold to choose the biggest one of the three. Then he instructed the girls to step up behind each of the men.
While all three men were standing up facing the masked guy he said, "Harold, Bill and even you Pete took pleasure in making innocent young ladies perform for you for your entertainment. Tonight, all three of you are the entertainment. My entertainment; and I have a very kinky streak tonight especially after I heard Harold tell me he can't remember what he stuffed in the one young lady's ass. Well guys since all of you worked together to humiliate, exploit and abuse young ladies, I want you to feel the same thing they felt and the only way to do that is for me to do something to you. Remembering that all of you have signed a consent form stating I can do anything I want to you. At this point, Harold will you tell your friends how you felt when you rammed a foreign object into the rectum of that young lady?
Harold said, "It was nothing really. I was just playing with her."
The masked guy said, "Ok, I want all three of you to bend way over at the waist and reach back with both hands and spread your cheeks. The young ladies you planned to abuse here tonight have something special for each of you. I will warn you if you don't remain in the position I just described, I will put this cattle prod on your balls and hold it there till you froth at the mouth. Get into position, NOW!"
Hesitantly all three slowly bent over at the waist and only Harold moved slow enough to warrant a punishment. The masked guy was fast to step forward and touch the cattle prod to Harold's ass and made him cry out. Then he said, "Harold, since we didn't bring any lube with you tonight, I guess you'll have to take the object I've selected for my entertainment up your ass without any lube. As you will find out the object is the size of an enormous cock. When you get to jail, your asses will become pussies for Bubba and his boys. I want you to get used to having something stuffed in your ass so girls, start stuffing."
The girls went to work pushing the fake cocks into the ass of the man bent over in front of them. Harold started to stand up but the masked guy was standing in front of Harold and told him to open his mouth. When Harold did, the masked guy pushed the cattle prod past Harold's lips and rested the tip of it on Harold's tongue. Then the masked guy said, "IF you move again, your tongue won't work right for a month."
The girls continued to force more and more of the fake cock into each guy and all three of them were complaining it hurt and begged to have it removed. The masked guy said, "You need to get used to having something in your ass so stop crying and complaining."
The girls were just finishing the mission of inserting the whole fake cock into the ass of each guy when another person dressed in black, wearing a black ski mask, entered the room and signaled the masked guy who had taken charge from the beginning. After a few hand signals between the two of them, three men dressed in ragged clothes walked into the room.
The masked guy asked the three wide eyed men to walk over and stand by each of the naked men. Then he asked, "Are you guys all homeless?"
All three of them nodded their head affirmatively.
The masked guy asked, "Have you guys taken a shower or washed up lately?"
All three of the men shook their head side to side.
The masked guy asked, "Do either of you have a circumcised cock?
Again, all three of the men shook their head side to side.
Then the masked guy asked, "Would each of you like to make a hundred dollars tonight?"
All three of the homeless guys nodded their heads.
The masked man said, "To make a hundred bucks, stand where you are and take off your clothes and I do mean all your clothes."
The homeless guys looked back and forth between each other before the one standing in front of Harold started removing his clothes. The other two quickly followed their friend and took off their clothes. When all three of the men were completely naked there were dirt streaks across and around their bodies. It was plainly obvious their bodies hadn't seen any soap and water for a long time.
The masked guy broke the silence by saying, "Look over here, I am holding three crisp hundred dollar bills. There's one for each of you, however to make a hundred bucks tonight, all you have to do is step forward and present your cock to the guy in front of you and let him suck your cock until you've cum in his mouth. You won't be finished until you've cum, are we clear?"
All three of the homeless guys looked at each other and shrugged their shoulders and stepped forwards. They held up their limp cocks towards the face in front of them. It was then the realization of the situation struck Harold, Bill and Pete. Pete hesitated and looked at the other two guys then opened his mouth and engulfed the cock in front of his face.
Harold, between sobs said, "There ain't no way in hell I'm going to suck a cock. And I especially ain't goi.......... OH MY FUCKING GOD!! PLEASE STOP!!" Harold yelled out in pain.
The masked guy pulled the cattle prod away from Harold's ass cheek leaving Harold crying and screaming while winching from his muscles contracting. Suddenly, Bill decided to open his mouth and he started sucking the cock in front of his face.
The masked guy said, "You made some young ladies suck dirty cocks so all of you are going to know what it was like for them to suck a dirty cock for someone else's entertainment. Harold, you have five seconds to get that cock in your mouth or you are going to feel the wrath of all three females."
All three girls stepped over to Harold so he could see them. The girl Harold came in with stepped forward with a very sharp looking knife and said, "If you don't impress me with your cock sucking skills, the guys are going to hold you down and I'm going to castrate you completely and then after that, I'm going to cut off your tiny dick. Then I'm going to feed them to you. Do you understand you'll only have a hole where your little cock is now when I finish with you?"
When Harold didn't open his mouth the girl stepped back and said, "Grab him guys and roll him over on his back, I get to do some surgery tonight."
As the guys stepped forward, Harold saw them coming so he immediately opened his mouth and took the dirty, nasty tasting cock into his mouth. The girl was standing behind Harold watching him and when his head didn't start moving, she pushed the point of her knife against Harold's balls. Harold responded immediately and started sucking the man's cock.
The masked guy said, "All of you guys are going to learn how those young ladies felt when you forced them to humiliate themselves by sucking a dirty, cheesy cock. From now on all you sons - of - a - bitches will be known as real cock suckers."
The masked guy said, "While you are sucking the cock in front of you I'm going to tell all of you a story. As I told you before my team decided to do all this because we don't like guys like you who take advantage of young ladies. An expertly edited version of tonight's events will be sent directly to the district attorney's office so he will have a copy of the tape to show the jury at your trials. Oh, just in case you decide to say I forced you to do something against your will tonight, a copy of your consent form will be included in the package. Hurry up guys and suck those cocks and make them cum. I don't have all night. By the way, the guys in the jail will love having cute little bald cue balls like all of you bobbing up and down on their cocks."
Pete was the first to make his guy cum so the masked guy walked down next to him and told Pete to make sure he pulled back the foreskin and suck the cock clean for the homeless man. Pete started to gag and wretch, but the masked guy told him he'd better swallow everything and if he puked, he would have to lick the floor clean. Pete coughed and gagged, but he was able to complete his task. The masked guy said, "You're a good little cock sucker Pete. You're going to make Bubba happy when you get to prison."
Bill's guy started to moan and pump his hips so the masked guy stepped over next to Bill and he told him the same thing, he told Pete. Bill pulled back taking the cock out of his mouth, but when the masked guy put the cattle prod on Bill's ass, Bill leaned forward again and started sucking the man's cock with renewed vigor. When the man started to shoot his load and when Bill started to pull back the masked guy was right there to rest the cattle prod on Bill's ass again. Bill chocked, gagged and coughed but the cock remained in his mouth until it stopped squirting. The masked guy said, "That's it Bill, now suck him clean, you little cock sucker."
Harold's guy grabbed the sides of Harold's bald head and pulled his face towards his cock successfully burying the tip of his cock in Harold's throat causing Harold to attempt to fight and pull away. The masked guy stepped over and put the tip of the cattle prod on Harold's balls and said, "Suck him Harold or you're going to pay dearly."
Harold started sucking again and this time Harold was sucking in an attempt to make the man cum so he could finish his task. It didn't take long before the man started shooting his cum into Harold's mouth causing Harold to choke and gag, just like his buddies. When the homeless guy finished, the masked guy advised Harold, "Make sure you clean his cock real good before you stop."
When Harold pulled back from the cock he bowed his head and just sat down on the floor. He finally realized he was in deep trouble after admitting to more crimes than the police knew about, but he defiantly mumbled, "I'll kill 'em when I find 'em."
The masked guy leaned over and said, "Harold, you won't be doing anything but go to jail."
The masked guy turned to all three homeless guys and said, "Do you guys want to make another hundred dollars tonight, some clean clothes and a bus ticket out of the city?"
All three of them looked at the masked guy and said, "Yes."
If all three of you forget you had your cock sucked tonight I will not only give each of you two hundred dollars, but my driver will take you to a store where you can each buy one set of clothes, which my driver will pay for. Then my driver will take you to the bus station and buy each of you a ticket to wherever you want to go. Do we have a deal?"
Again all three guys echoed their answer, "Yes."
The masked guy handed each man two crisp hundred dollar bills then turned to one of the other people in the room and said, "Take good care of them and stay with them until they are on a bus."
As the homeless guys were walking out of the room another person in the black clothes and black ski mask stepped over to the masked guy and talked quietly to him then left the room and came back moments later followed by four larger people dressed in black with ski masks. Suddenly a female voice sounded when she said, "YOU FUCKING PREVERTED ASSHOLES!
You used, abused and humiliated defenseless young ladies for your enjoyment. I've been watching what you've done here tonight, but for some reason, as a female, I don't think you've paid enough for your crimes. Let me have that knife!"
The girl holding the knife ran over and handed it to the masked female then stepped back. The masked female stepped over to Harold and grabbed his balls and squeezed them until the pain registered on Harold's face. She squeezed a little more and made Harold scream and moan in pain. Looking directly at Harold he said, "I'm want to cut your balls off! Don't you think that's a great idea?"
Immediately Harold started begging for mercy and pleading with the masked female not to cut off his balls as real tears rolled down his cheeks. The female asked, "Harold if you don't want me to cut off your balls, tell me what I can do to your body to make you remember this night and most of all the abuse you bestowed upon those innocent young ladies."
Harold was crying as his balls were squeezed tighter while the masked female waited for Harold's response. Finally the masked female released Harold's balls and said, "I'll come back to you in a few minutes. I'm going to talk to your friends."
The masked female stepped over to Pete and immediately grabbed his balls and squeezed them and asked Pete all the same questions she had asked Harold. She squeezed Pete's balls while she waited for his response then she released Pete and stepped over to Bill and started over again. When she didn't get any better answers out of Pete or Bill, the masked female said, "Guys, grab Bill and hold him down spread eagle. I have an idea how I can give each of these guys some revenge for all the young ladies they abused, tortured and humiliated."
Bill tried to fight but the four guys outmatched the scrawny man as they slammed him down on his back and pulled his arms and legs away from his body leaving totally vulnerable to the masked female. She held out her hand to the masked guy and he placed the cattle prod in her hand. She turned to Harold and Pete saying, "Watch what happens to Bill. Each of you will get the same treatment in a few minutes."
Bill's eyes were wide open and he continued to beg loudly as the masked woman stepped over to his spread open body. The first touch of the cattle prod on Bill's nipple garnered a loud scream which continued as the cattle prod was moved to the other nipple. Bill begged for her to stop but she touched Bill in several places on his abdomen before she moved down to his bald cock and balls. The masked female leaned down and picked up Bill's limp cock and pulled back the foreskin and placed the tip of the cattle prod directly on the mushroom head of Bill's cock. Bill screamed and pleaded which was cut short as the electrical current passed through the head of his cock causing it to jump each time the masked female pressed the button.
The masked female pulled the cattle prod off the head of Bill's cock and immediately pressed it against Bill's balls and pressed the button several times as Bill squirmed and tried to get away. As a final act of revenge for the young ladies they had abused, the masked female stomped Bill's balls three times with her foot sending Bill into severe pain and a gurgling sound from Bills throat. Finally, the masked female ordered the four persons to let go of Bill and all he did was cup his hands over his balls and rolled on the floor in pain.
The masked female ordered the four people to grab Pete and when he heard her say that Pete sunk to the floor by himself screaming and pleading with the masked female not to harm him as she did to Bill. The guys grabbed him and easily pulled the wimpy arms and legs of Pete apart rendering his body defenseless against anything the masked female had in mind for him.
Pete's pleas for mercy fell on deaf ears as the masked female used the cattle prod much in the same way she had done with Bill. By the time she finished with his upper body she placed the tip of the prod against the head of Pete's cock which was peeking out of the foreskin and like with Bill she sent several electrical shocks through his cock into his body. When she finished she let Pete calm down a little and then she stomped on his balls three times with her boot causing Pete to scream a hoarse scream. When he was released, like Bill he rolled on his side and cupped his balls with his hands.
Harold saw the masked female walk towards him and he moved to take a stance like he was going to fight. The female stopped in her tracks and said, "You really haven't learned your lesson yet have you Harold? I have something special in mind for you because of the despicable acts of torture, abuse and humiliation you intentionally inflicted upon countless young ladies. I really want to torture you myself and watch you draw your last breath as I stare down into your eyes and watch as your life fades from your body, but my partners have other ideas for you. So Harold you can take the punishment I have planned for you like a man or you can be a total wimp like your two friends. Oh Harold, if you intend to fight me, that will only give me an excuse to kill you and my partners will understand you caused it to happen. What's it going to be Harold? Please choose to fight me, I beg of you."
Harold hesitated then dropped his arms from the defensive position and immediately the masked female said, "I knew all along you were just a pussy, Harold. Only pussies pick on someone weaker than them. I am really disappointed though because I wanted to hear your bones crack when I broke them. Oh well, I'm going to hurt you Harold, just not as badly as I would have if you wanted to fight me. Lie down on the floor and spread your legs and arms out you little pussy."
Harold was crying and begging the masked female not to hurt him as he sat down on the floor and eventually lay down on his back. The only thing he didn't do was spread his arms and legs. The masked female started counting and reached the number three before Harold put his arms off to the side and opened his legs. The masked female walked between Harold's legs and said, "I hate what you did to those young ladies but most of all I hate that you have surrendered so easily. I really expected something more from you Harold but since you are only a fucking pussy, I'm going to take perverse pleasure in extracting revenge from your body for all the young ladies you've tortured. Hold him down; I don't want to be kicked by mistake. That would only serve to piss me off."
The four people grabbed Harold and pulled his arms and legs away from his body and held him. The masked female stepped over Harold's body until she was standing, straddling his abdomen. Suddenly she dropped her body down on Harold body forcing all the air from Harold lungs and causing him to gasp for breath and his face turned a little cyanotic. The masked female stood up and stepped back and put the tip of the prod under the foreskin of Harold's cock and started a series of shocks traveling through Harold's body. Then she moved down and touched the prod to Harold's balls and started over again sending more shocks raging through Harold's body. Then she asked, "Is there a block of wood or something like that here?"
Suddenly someone came rushing out of the back with a twelve inch piece of a four by four. The masked female took the block and placed it between Harold's legs and moved it up until his cock rested on it. Just as Harold was slowing down his crying and screaming the masked female asked, "Harold, did you use this cock to force yourself into the body of innocent young females?"
Harold begged, "Please, I've suffered enough. Please don't do anything more to me."
The masked female asked her question again, "Harold, did you use this cock to force yourself into the body of innocent young females?"
Harold said, "Yes, YES, I did all those things and now I am so sorry....... OH GOD......awwwwwwwww"
The masked female stomped her boot down on Harold's cock several times trapping it between the block of wood and her boot before she quickly kicked the block out of the way and stomped on Harold's balls several times before she stepped back and said, "That's for all the females you abused, Harold."
The masked guy waited for Harold to finish rolling around in pain then told Harold, Bill and Pete to stand up and when they did he looked at each of them and said, "You have been very helpful tonight and as a final act I am going to allow the three of you to suffer the same humiliation you forced the young ladies to endure. You are going to be loaded into a van and my driver is going to take all of you for a ride. I'm not sure where they are going to take you, but just before rush hour starts in the morning all three of you will be taken to a busy highway where all three of you are going to have your arms restrained behind your backs and then you are each going to be manacled. To make sure you can't run and hide we are going to bind all three of you together with your fronts facing outward so people passing you will see those tiny little dicks you have. My crew members are the first ones to know you guys really aren't big pricks, after all. Oh Harold, it looks like your cock may be a little sore for awhile. I guess you won't be sticking that into anything soon."
Ok guys, it's been fun, but all good things must come to and end. Oh, by the way Harold, it won't do any good to bring your police chief friend back here because within an hour my people will have cleaned up in here and everything will be gone. We won't even leave a trace for them to follow. You see, no one knows we are using this building so there won't be any way to find us. We are mercenaries Harold, so we do this for a living. Bye Harold and I hope Bubba treats you better than my friends overseas would have. Oh guys, before you leave I must warn you if you push your fake cock out of your ass before you get dropped off in the morning, my people have even bigger ones in the van to replace the smaller ones. Do I make myself clear?"
The three guys were surrounded by people in black clothes and black ski masks then escorted out of the room. About ten minutes after they left the room, the lights in our room came back and everyone blinked for a few seconds, waiting for their eyes to adjust to the light. Suddenly everyone except Terri and Hanna started talking and applauding remarking what a great show it was.
I hugged both Terri and Hanna to me and quietly said, "Don't worry about what Harold said; he will be serving a long time in jail. I'll keep both of you safe. After all, you are family now."
Our escort came back to the room and asked for us first then took us back to our car. After everything was checked, we were allowed to leave.
I dove away from the building then looked around the car and asked, "Is everyone ok?"
Terri said, "I really wanted to see the guys treated the same way as we were, but while I was watching them, I almost felt sorry for them. ........... NOT!"
Terri started to laugh then said, "That was better than anything I could possible think to do to them. I actually wanted Harold not to answer any more questions because he deserves to be shipped off to a foreign country. That would have been so cool to watch him have his teeth pulled and fucked in all his holes then fed to the sharks while he was still alive. But realistically, we wouldn't have seen that so I guess the next best thing was to watch all of them scream as their hair was ripped out, abused with that thing and humiliated by making them suck those homeless guy's cocks. The best part was when that female stomped on Harold cock. The same cock he made me suck so many times in front of his friends. I hope all of you won't think I'm bad for wanting well deserved revenge on those guys. I'm a very happy girl tonight despite what Harold said. Daddy, I know you will protect us, so I'm not worried."
Terri laughed even louder when she said, "Did you hear those men scream when they were being waxed. And they screamed even louder when the female stomped on their balls. I loved every minute of it. I hope they have group showers in the jail so the other prisoners will see their bald bodies."
Hanna laughed over that saying, "Yeah, they look a lot different without any hair."
Hanna continued, but without the celebratory tone in her voice that Terri had. "Dad, I'm happy I got to see the men treated like I was. I had hoped all three guys would have been laid on their backs with their legs spread and someone use a belt and beat their cocks like Harold used his belt to beat my pussy. I guess the electric thing was almost equal to them being beat. I wish I could have held down the button on that thing when it was in Harold's ass. I would have kept the current constant and really make that fucker suffer."
"I loved it when the female took charge and stomped on their balls. I hope she smashed them. Harold deserved to have his cock crushed. I had to suck it in front of his friends too and then to learn he ass fucked me with it, I would have liked to cut it off him. I am very pleased with the show tonight and the female was right when she said she took revenge for all of us who those guys used." Hanna said with a smile on her face.
I explained to the girls, "They were using a cattle prod. It provides an electrical shock and the farmers use them all the time on their cattle to get them to move. Under normal use it isn't deadly, but if the conditions are right and the amps are strong enough for long enough it could be deadly. I guess they knew what they were doing because they actually got them to do what they wanted them to do without much fanfare. Did you see Pete? He was so afraid of being shocked again; he was willing to do anything. While on the other hand, I personally loved every time Harold mouthed off. I was on the edge of my seat waiting for him to be punished more. In a few hours they will be back in jail and that's where they belong. I was saddened to learn that there are more girls than just the two of you. Now the police will know where to find pictures of the other girls and they can add to the charges."
Hanna changed the subject slightly by saying, "I wish I could see them when they get dropped off on the highway tomorrow morning. That should be really cool when people realize they are naked and bald."
Terri laughed saying, "Yeah, they don't even have any eyebrows anymore either!"
I smiled and said, "Oh, I'm sure you'll see the pictures."
Terri yelled, "DAD, I knew you had something to do with this."
I kept my eyes on the road and said, "Honestly, I didn't have much to do with it. I only said I'd like to see the men punished, but my friends know people, apparently important people, who were able to put all this together. I offered to pay, but the people you saw tonight, and the people you didn't see tonight, all volunteered to do what they did because of you two girls and what those three guys did to you. Even in today's world there are some people with old fashioned values of protecting females. All of them volunteered their time to be involved in tonight's events."
I continued by saying, "From what both of you have said, you enjoyed the show, but I have to caution you again, you can't talk about this to anyone outside the persons in this car right now. Even then you must make sure there is no one else around who can hear you. Even though they had Harold, Bill and Pete sign consent forms, they still forced them to do some things that may be questionable. Also when this whole thing comes to trial, your memories will have to fade if you're ever asked any questions if you were aware the men suffered at the hands of mercenaries. The best answer without lying is: I don't recall any knowledge of that or you only heard about it through news articles."
Terri said, "Dad, mom, Jenna, Hanna, I'm so happy that I got to watch the three men who forced me and abused me and the only regret I have is that I didn't get to participate in their suffering or at the very least let them know I was there to see their debasement. The only other thing that would make me feel better right now is if I had been given a chance to inflict some pain on all three of them. You know like if I could have stomped on their balls or something good like that."
I looked up in the rear view mirror and all I saw was darkness, but there was no doubt that Terri had an axe to grind with the guys who abused her. I quietly said, "Terri sweetheart, you know I love you, but I'll never want to get on your bad side with those ideas racing through your head."
Terri immediately said, "Dad, you don't have anything to worry about. You have always treated me with overwhelming respect and dignity. Did I tell you lately, I love you?"
Hanna spoke up again saying, "I'm with Terri on this one. I wish I could have done something to Harold too. I remember watching my grandfather on the farm put a heavy rubber band on a bull calf's scrotum in order to castrate him. He told me his balls would dry up and drop off. I think that's what should have happened to Harold because my grandfather told me once the calf's balls dropped off it would change his mind from ass to grass."
All of us laughed and just then I pulled into the mall and everyone went from laughing to cheering. I parked the car and all of us got out and walked leisurely inside. I don't know how many guys have ever gone shopping with four women at the same time, but I tried to get them to concentrate on why we came to the mall in the first place. I repeated myself more than one time that we only came to the mall to buy some air beds and my voice fell on deaf ears. Finally I gave up and followed the four of them as they dragged me, sometimes physically, into different shops and stores. We ended up in a couple of lingerie stores and Jenna teamed up with Terri and Hanna in trying to embarrass me by picking up various articles and holding them up and asking in a loud voice, "DADDY........ look at this, wouldn't I look good in this..... daddyyyyyyyy?" It was like the three of them were trying to outdo each other.
I held Kim's hand and while she also laughed at me, I only nodded my head trying not to draw any more attention to myself. I saw some people stare at us when they heard the girl's voices. The height of my embarrassment came when Jenna was holding several pair of panties in her hand, some of them were sheer, then she called over an older lady who was working in the shop and asked, "Do you have a place I can try on these panties, because Daddy wants to see what they look like on me before he buys them for me."
If I could have crawled inside my shoe and laced it up to my neck and choked myself that would have been an excellent time to do it. The woman immediately looked at me with a frown and a look of disgust before replying, "OUR DRESSING ROOMS ARE SEPARATED. NO MALES ARE ALLOWED IN FEMALE DRESSING ROOMS!!"
Terri, Hanna and Jenna broke out laughing and Jenna put the panties back in the bin and said, "See daddy, I told you they won't let you watch your baby girl try on some see-thru panties."
I looked at Kim who was laughing as much as the girls before I asked her, "Kim aren't you going to help me out here? That woman thinks I'm a pervert."
Kim finally spoke up saying, "That ok ma'am they tease each other like this all the time."
I was watching the woman and her expression when from a frown to a smile. Then Kim continued, "Jenna honey, if you want to buy those panties, your father can watch you try them on when we get home."
All four of them roared with laughter and the woman got all huffy and stormed off away from us. I turned to Kim and said, "Thanks, you're a big fucking help. I hope I'm never in a life or death situation and have to rely on you to make a serious decision."
Kim hooked her arm in mine and pulled me to her and kissed me passionately before she said, "I love you dear. Don't ever forget that."
After all the females had made several purchases each, with my card by the way, we finally ended up in a store that carried air beds. I didn't know they had such a wide variety of air beds. We finally decided to take six queen sized Smart Air Beds, with the raised pillow top. The bed had a built in air pump and a remote to adjust the air. The top of the air bed was twenty six inches off the floor making it look similar to a real bed. I asked the owner of the shop if he had a cart or something so we could take the boxes out to our car and he told me I could pull around to the back of the mall where the loading docks were located and he would take them back there so we didn't have to wheel a cart through the mall. I told him we were done shopping so I would be in the back of the store in less than ten minutes.
We walked through the mall and out to my car. I drove around in the back and discovered there were many overhead doors. As I drove along I saw one was open and sure enough the guy was standing there waiting for us. I backed in and loaded the boxes in my car and then we left the mall. On the way home Kim spotted a soft-serve ice cream place and insisted we pull in. We piled out of the car and all of us ordered a hot fudge sundae, which we devoured while sitting at a picnic table in front of the establishment.
We arrived home about eleven thirty and I saw the other cars, meaning everyone else was already home. The females pulled their shopping bags out of the back of the car and headed into the house while I took time to stack the boxes of air beds next to the kitchen door before closing the back of the car and the garage door.
When I stepped into the kitchen I could hear lively conversations. When I walked into the dining room everyone joined in asking, "Did you have fun tonight?"
Immediately I said, "Do you mean eating dinner with four beautiful ladies. Then being dragged around the mall and embarrassed by four cackling hens? Oh yeah, I had a wonderful time. It's too bad I'm so busy, I can't enjoy the same pleasure more often."
Everyone started laughing and Ted asked, "How was the food at dinner."
Realizing Ted was trying to get me off the hook I smiled and said, "The food is always excellent at Ruth Chris Steak House. I love the family style setting and they always give you plenty to eat. One day soon, I'll take all of you out to dinner and we'll go there."
I said, "I'm going up and take off my clothes and then I think I'm going to take a dip in the pool before I go to bed. Is anyone else interested?"
Everyone joined in saying yes so I excused myself and went upstairs. I was in my closet undressing when I heard Ted call my name. I told him where I was and he walked over to the door. I looked at him and he has the biggest smile spread across his face of anyone I've ever seen. He looked over his shoulder then quietly said, "WOW..... HOLY SHIT! Can you imagine? Those fuckin' scum bags must have been doing this for awhile! I can't wait for the district attorney and our investigators to get that package so they can go open that safe deposit box."
I smiled back at Ted saying, "How do you know about the safe deposit box? I didn't see you there."
Ted said, "Oh I was there and you looked right at me."
I smiled then leaned close to Ted and said, "WOW, you are a hot looking chick. The next time we go to bed together, I know who's going to be the receiver."
Ted smacked me on the shoulder saying, "Oh no you don't. There's an exit only sign hanging back there."
I laughed and said, "After we left there, the only thing the girls wanted to talk about was watching the guys being punished. They also said they wished they could have inflicted some of the pain on those guys, themselves. Hanna said she really wanted Harold to be castrated. They went on and on, but I warned them that they would need to have memory failure if anyone ever asked them about tonight's events."
Ted said, "You know, as a cop, I get to see a lot of stuff and this is one of those times I wish I could have stepped over the line and shot that fucker Harold. Especially when he started abusing that girl he came in with. I didn't know what to expect tonight, but I had hoped someone would stop him. Personally I don't think he was punished enough, especially when I heard him say there were more girls involved."
After a moment where Ted paused and didn't say anything, he continued by saying, "Most of all, my chief never made any indication that he knew Harold, but I'm going to quietly follow up on that and see if there's anything to it. If my chief knew something was going on and allowed it to happen, then I'll take him down just like I would any other criminal."
I looked at Ted and said, "I was thinking of having my friends get involved there and check up on that. But, I'm willing to give you first shot at it."
Ted smiled and said, "Oh no Dan, if you want to ask your friends to check up on that situation and see what they can find out, I'd love to have a second opinion. I know a couple of those guys who were there tonight and if they are your friends, then you have some excellent connections."
I finished undressing and hanging up my clothes then the two of us walked back down the stairs and out to the pool where everyone was floating around and talking about their night out. Ted and I entered the pool and walked into the water until we were almost neck deep. Then we listened to the conversation. The lights were out and I looked up at the sky and noticed all the stars. Ted saw me look up and when he looked up he said, "This is so nice. In the city there are so many street lights that we don't get to see this."
I smiled and said, "When we get everything settled, you'll be able to see the stars every night."
Ted smiled as he looked at the sky and said, "Yeah, I can't wait for that to happen. Marion and I will love being out here with all of you."
Mary and Shelly swam over next to Ted and me and they looked up at the sky and I said, "We are enjoying the stars tonight. How many constellations can you see and name?"
The fun began when Mary started pointing out and naming several constellations before Ted took over and pointed out several more. Shelly jumped in and pointed to a few other constellations which hadn't been mentioned yet. The rest of the people in the pool gathered around us as the constellations were being named. Everyone was looking skyward and enjoying the camaraderie of the moment.
There was a break in naming the constellations so Mary looked at me and said, "Dan, I went to my friend's house tonight to visit them. Both of them were glad to see me and asked me why I'd been a stranger lately. I didn't tell them I was on a police detail, but I did tell them I was staying at a friend's house which is outside the city. I hope you don't mind."
I smiled said, "Mary, however you want to explain this situation to your friends is ok by me. I understand completely why you wouldn't want to tell your friends the real reason you are here and I thank you for being considerate. After all, I don't want the word to get around that Terri and Hanna are here."
Mary continued to say, "Well my friends, Sue and Jack, couldn't believe I am living here naked and everyone can see my body. I took some time to explain that I was very happy with the way I was living and if they wanted to come and visit with me, they could come out to the party tomorrow. I warned them that they would have to be nude for the party. They started asking another round of questions. To make a long story shorter, we ended up naked at their house and they loved my tan. Jack got a hardon seeing me naked and said he'd be embarrassed to be here naked tomorrow at the party with a hardon. I told him he could get laid or jerk off a couple of times in the morning and then he wouldn't have to worry, at least for a little while. Sue and I laughed but Jack didn't find my statement funny at all. I told him there would be other males at the party so he might not be the only one with his cock standing out in front of him. Before I left, I wrote down the directions to your house told them they were officially invited and all they had to bring was themselves. As I was leaving, they said they'd come, but not sure how long they would stay. I think once they get here and find out how friendly everyone is they will stay."
Shelly said, "I went to see my brother Ken and sister-in-law Amy tonight. When I got there unannounced, we decided to go out to dinner instead of eating at their house. During dinner, we had a great time talking and catching up on everything. Ken got around to asking me if I was living in the same place and I told him, I'd moved to a different apartment since the last time he'd seen me. Then I told him I was currently staying with some nudist friends. I didn't want to tell them I was on the job, while staying here."
Shelly continued by saying, "When the nudist part of my statement sunk into Amy's head she was ecstatic. She started asking me all kinds of questions of what it was like, who I was living with, were all my apartment mates females and the list goes on. I sat with them and told them basic information about how we live here. Of course I left out the most wonderful parts about sharing each other's bodies. Amy told me she had read quite a bit about nudism and said it interested her, but with the teenaged kids around she didn't dare act on her interest, for fear they would say something to their friends."
Shelly continued by saying, "My brother sat silently and listened to me and Amy talk before he finally asked if living as a nudist would interfere with my being a cop. I told him that I didn't run down the street naked and where I was living on an estate with a gate at the end of the driveway. I told him that anyone who comes to the house has to sign a confidentiality statement and finished up telling him people don't talk about what they see when they leave."
Amy said, "Oh I wish I could go there with you and find out what it's like to be free and not have to wear clothes in or outside the house."
Shelly continued to say, "I smiled at both Amy and Ken then said, I haven't seen either of you in a while and I came here tonight to invite you and your family to come to a party tomorrow at the estate where I live. The party will be a nudist party and like I told you, everyone will be asked to sign a confidentiality statement when you get there. I want to add that being nude does not mean we have wild sex, but we do have sex just like other people do."
Shelly giggled a little then said, "Amy bounced in her seat asking me, are you serious? You're inviting all of us to a nudist party? What about the kids?"
Shelly continued saying, "That started a very long conversation about Ken seeing me naked and Ken seeing his daughter naked and Amy seeing her sons naked. It took me forever to tell them being naked or nude was nothing to be ashamed of no matter who was in the room. My brother seemed to be hung up on seeing me naked more than anything. We drove back to their house and we were still talking about the party when we arrived. Finally I excused myself and went to the bathroom. While I was in there, I took off my clothes and walked back into the living room nude. When Amy saw me she squealed with delight, but Ken wouldn't look at me because he said it wasn't right for a brother to see his sister naked. Amy took off her clothes and both of us were talking to Ken trying to convince him to take off his clothes. I assured him we weren't going to have sex or anything if he took off his clothes. Amy helped him take off his shirt, pants and sneakers but that's all he would take off."
Shelly stopped talking and asked, "Do all of you want to hear about this?"
Kim spoke up saying, "Your doing a fine job, keep going."
Shelly continued, "Ok then, well, Amy and I stayed nude and Ken listened to the two of us talk and then suddenly the front door opened and their son Brian and their daughter Angela came home. Ken started to jump up but Amy told him to stay seated. Brian looked at his mother and then looked at me and in an excited voice he asked his mother why both of us were naked and she started to explain, but stopped and let me explain. I tried to give both of them the short version, but with enough details before I told them they were invited to a nudist party tomorrow along with their parents. The conversation was interesting with both of them asking a lot of questions. The shorter version is, their other son Andy came in about a half hour later and the questions started all over again. Amy told me she would let the kids read the information on the American Association of Nude Recreation (AANR) website and they could make up their own minds if they wanted to come to the party. I told Angela a couple of girls around her age were going to be at the party and babysitting. She smiled at me and said she would read the information then make up her mind. When I left their house, Amy and Ken were going to come out here tomorrow and possibly Angela. It was hard to read what the boys were thinking because both of them seemed to be more interested in looking at me and their mother. Whewwwwwww...... that's about all on that subject."
Jenna giggled and said, "You should have told her that Becky, Lisa, and Kevin would be here."
After listening to the end of Shelly's story I said, "We are all going to look like prunes if we don't get out of here soon. Its one o'clock in the morning and it's so warm and comfortable out here. Tomorrow is going to be a long day if we don't go in and get to sleep soon. Beth and I have to get going in the morning to go out to the airport and pick up her parents along with her brother and his girlfriend."
As we were getting out of the pool Terri and Hanna were holding hands and we heard Terri ask Hanna, "Are you going to sleep in my bed tonight? We can keep each other company."
Hanna said, "Oh thank you Terri, I would love to cuddle up to you tonight. But like dad says, we need to get some sleep; it's already early in the morning."
Mary and Shelly reached out and hooked arms with Beth and Mary said, "We'd like the pleasure of having your hot body next to ours again tonight."
Beth smiled and said, "Ok, I surrender..... don't shoot..... I know you cops like to shoot first and ask questions later."
Ted laughed and said, "We only shoot ugly looking guys, the girls we take them aside and give them a good licking."
Mary smiled and said, "I can live with that. Thanks, boss!"
All of us laughed and as we walked across the deck towards the house. Jenna caught up with Kim and me and got in the middle of us and hooked her arms with us and said, "You guys are mine tonight."
Marion said, "Ted honey, I have an itch that I want you to take care of for me. I don't care what time it is."
Ted held Marion close to him and said, "Yes, dear."
I looked over my shoulder and snickered repeating his words, "Yes, dear."
Then I asked Ted, "Can you lock up and turn the lights off?"
Ted said, "Yes, I can take care of that for you. Have a good night and we'll see you in the morning."
I looked at Beth and said, "I'll come and wake you in the morning so we can go out and pick up your family. It will be wonderful to meet them and see where you got your good nature from."
Beth smiled and said, "I'm not sure where it comes from because both of my parents are wonderful, but hard working farmers. They assigned chores for us kids and if we didn't get them done we saw the other side of them."
All of us walked inside I looked back as we rounded the corner headed for the stairs and saw Mary and Shelly had stayed behind with Ted and Marion while he locked up. I allowed Kim and Jenna to walk up the stairs ahead of me and Jenna looked at her mother and said, "Daddy's comparing our pussies. I bet he's thinking back to grandpa's old saying. Remember when grandpa said, if you want to see what your wife is going to look like later in years, look at her mother. Mom, you are a hot woman, so I guess my husband will be very happy. First I have to find a man who will allow me to live the lifestyle I grew up with."
I stepped between Kim and Jenna and we walked down the hall and I looked to my left then my right and said, "I am the luckiest guy on the planet to have a family like I have. I love both of you so much."
We went straight to the bathroom and each of us took turns peeing and I got the pleasure of looking at two pussies and drying them when they were done peeing. Then I had a hand from each side hold my cock and aim it at the bowl while I peed. The only disagreement came at the end when I finished peeing. Jenna wanted to keep shaking it for me while Kim said we should get to bed.
Kim won and the three of us crawled up on our bed with me in the middle. I reached up and turned off the lights leaving us laying on our backs in the dark. Jenna was the first to break the silence when she said, "Mom, dad, is there something going on with Beth that I should know about?"
My eyes snapped open, but no one could see me in the dark. I asked, "What do you mean Jenna?"
Jenna said, "I've watched mom and Beth over the last couple of days and I noticed a change in actions and attitude. I don't care if there is, but I want to know in advance and don't want to be blindsided."
I reached up and turned on the light and looked at Jenna. She was laying on her back staring straight up at the ceiling before she turned her head and looked directly at me and asked, "Well is there?"
Kim popped her head up and looked at Jenna and said, "Yes dear, there is something, but we want to wait and have a family meeting with you, Terri and Beth. Do you trust us enough to let things go until we can get the five of us together so we can talk?"
Jenna smiled at both of us and said, "Absolutely! You two are the best parents a kid can have so I'll just keep my eyes open and watch and see if I can get any more hints before we sit down and have a serious talk. I want both of you to know, I love you!"
Kim said, "I don't know how you got to be so smart but you are and we'll never hold anything back from you. It's just we have had a lot going on and we haven't had a chance to call a meeting yet. I love you too, dear."
I smiled at Jenna and said, "Always remember, I love you."
Jenna smiled at Kim and me then she said, "DAD, will you please turn out the light, some of us want to get some sleep you know."
To Be Continued:
** First, thank you for taking time to read this chapter.
** Please take a couple of seconds and vote for this story.
** Your vote rates the story/chapter and Literotica uses your votes to rate the authors.
** Chapter 13, as of August 27th, has had 14,389 readers and only 705 readers voted.
PLEASE VOTE:
** Please click on one of the stars below: IF - You loved this chapter click on - - 5 Stars - -
****************************
NAMES OF MAIN CHARACTERS:
The Morrison family: Dan, Kim, Jenna and Terri Powell
Security crew: Ted and Marion Johnson
Police Officers: Officer Mary Davis & Officer Shelly White
Terri's Friend: Jeff and Tina Simpson
Jenna's Friends: Lisa Thompson, Becky Harris and Kevin Brown
Additional victim of Harold: Hanna Lindquist
House cleaning crew: Ashley Brennan & Debbie Brown
Store owner: Harold Gordon
Salon owner: Bill Jefferson
Photographer: Pete Jensen
Pool cleaner: Bill Smith
Dan's executive secretary: Beth Thompson
Dan and Beth's secretary: Kelly Jones
Chauffer for Dan and Tom: Joe Bailey
DJ: Holly Smith
****************************