I have always been the sort that likes to do daring things, particularly where I am naked. From the time I was a young girl, I fantasized about being naked in public places. Although in many of my fantasies, I was caught in that condition, I actually never wanted to get caught but the possibility was always the thrill. Over the years I have acted out many of these fantasies. Tonight was one of those nights.
I put on some clothing that I had planned on donating to the thrift store. A blouse, bra, shorts, panties, socks and sneakers. My plan was to go for a drive. Each time I saw a license plate with a Zero on it, I would remove one piece of clothing and toss it out the window as I drove until I was completely naked. I had to drive away from my home until I was naked and only then could I turn back. So, I could be many miles away from home by the time I was nude and would have to drive home in that condition.
It was a relatively warm night and sort of late, so I figured it would be a good time to act out my fantasy. Also, it would lessen my chances of being caught because there would be less traffic on the roads. The bad side was that there would be less traffic, so I would drive more miles before being naked. I climbed into the car with my heart pounding and started my drive.
I drove about a mile before I saw my first zero and removed one sneaker and threw it out the window. It was another mile before my next sneaker came off. I started to get very wet thinking about how far away from home I might be before I could turn and go home. I took off one of my socks after a mile and a half more and the next one came off about a half a mile later. As I drove, I got further away from the city and the roads became darker and the traffic sparser. My shoes came off at mile 5 and my blouse at mile 7. Why had I worn so many clothes? I could have turned around much sooner. After I had driven 10 miles I finally saw another zero and decided to take off my panties so that I would at least have something on top if someone came up along side me.
Now I was 15 miles from home and finally saw the zero that would make me naked. I removed my panties and found a place to turn around and start my drive home. My heart was pounding in my head as I began the drive. Although it was nearly midnight, there were still people out on the roads and there were several well lit areas in business districts that could leave me exposed if someone was to be right along side of me.
For the first mile or so I didn't see any traffic in either direction but soon I was driving through a series of well lit strip malls. I saw a car in my rear view mirror as I approached a traffic light. I was hoping the light would stay green until I was through the intersection but it turned red about a hundred feet before I got there. The other car pulled up behind me. I breathed a sigh of relief because there were two lanes, so he could have pulled along side and would have gotten a good view of me. The light turned green and I proceeded towards my safe destination. The car behind me changed lanes and began to pass on my right. I slowed down a bit and he passed me quickly. I slumped down a bit as he passed and I'm pretty sure he didn't see anything.
I was breathing heavily and my pussy was so wet that the juices were running down my leg onto the car seat. I still had more than 12 miles to go and the anticipation of being caught was nearly bringing me to an orgasm. Of course, I worried about what would happen if I did get caught and hoped that it would not happen but the more I thought about it the more turned on I became. I kept driving, obeying the speed limit while constantly watching my rear view mirror and everything around me.
I saw the headlights a car coming up on me at a pretty good speed. Suddenly bright flashing red and blue lights lit up my rear view mirror. The car approaching was a cop car! I could hardly breathe. I started wondering if I had done something wrong or if my tail lights were out. I was going to be caught stark naked by the police. What would be my explanation? My mind was swirling as I tried to think of what I would do. If I was arrested, I would be put on some sort of a sexual deviant list and might lose my job. How would I explain this to my friends and family? I couldn't believe it, but the thought of being caught almost made me cum. I slumped down in the seat as the cop car changed lanes and sped right by me.
I breathed a sigh of relief. I had to pull over for a minute to catch my breath. I reached down to feel my wet pussy and immediately started fingering myself to an orgasm. I came harder than I had cum in a long time and almost collapsed right there. I had nothing to sop up my juices and I could feel that my seat was sopping wet. I was going to have to clean my seat in the morning but right now, I had to get home without any further incidents.
The last 10 miles of my ride home were uneventful. I passed and was passed by a few cars but I don't think anyone saw anything. I pulled into my driveway, parked the car and played with my clit until I came one more time. I thought about my adventure and wondered what I could have done to spice it up even more. I got out of the car and let myself into my house. I crawled into bed and fell asleep imagining what I would do to top this night.