Sue called me. She wanted to come and get me, and get something to eat. She'd be at my place in 10 minutes. I waited to see what she'd show up wearing, but she beeped her horn from the parking lot, meaning I went downstairs with no idea what she'd have on.
When I got in to her car, she was wearing a lightweight white sun dress. It didn't look like she had a bra on underneath it, which I considered progress. She went to pull away, and I stopped her.
"How about we start out without the dress?" I said.
She gave a slight smile, and took the dress off over her head, leaving her in the tiny little white thong I'd seen her in a few weeks before. That meant she'd shaved again. She went to throw it in the back seat, but I took it from her, got out of the car and put it in the trunk.
I got back in.
"Where are we going to eat?" she asked as she pulled away.
"McDonalds," I said. It wasn't far (you're never far from a McDonalds), and she pulled in to the parking lot and headed to park.
"Drive through," I said.
She looked at me shocked for a second, then headed towards the drive through menu board, winding down her window. Her nipples were getting hard as she stopped to order. She ordered a burger and fries. I ordered a cheeseburger, without onions, and a milkshake. They told us to pull up to the second window.
As we pulled up to the window, the guy there did a double take.
"Um, it's going to be a while because of the special order," he said, and just stood there staring at her tits.
I quietly said "play with your nipples for him," and she blushed almost all the way down her front. And then did it.
I quietly said "pull your nipples out for him," and she pulled them away from her body, stretching them out.
I quietly said "squeeze your tits together like they're going around his dick," and she moaned a little, kneading them to show lots of cleavage.
Suddenly the guy at the window looked away, then went and came back with our food. He handed it to Sue, and she blew him a kiss as we drove away. We drove around, eating dinner, while I put my cold milkshake cup on her hard nipples. Sue looked around a lot to see who was watching her. A fair few people seemed to notice her, but as it got later and darker, that seemed to peter out.
Sue pointed out that she was getting a little low on gas, so I suggested going to a gas station. She seemed nervous.
We pulled in to the gas station, by a pump well away from the shop. I just sat there, waiting. She pulled her credit card out of her purse, took a deep breath and got out. She pumped her gas standing between the car and the pump, with her door open, while I watched people driving past to see if anybody noticed her, but it didn't seem like they did. I reached over and closed the door, exposing her more, but it wasn't a busy road. Finished, she jumped back into the car.
"Can I have a soda?" I asked.
She looked at me.
"Really," I said.
She steeled herself, getting out of the car again - this time she couldn't hide herself with how she'd parked. She covered herself with her arms and ran across the forecourt to the shop. I could see the older female clerk interacting with Sue, and she looked angry and disgusted, and it seemed like there was a lot more said than was really necessary.
Sue came running back, and jumped into the car, handing me a Coke.
"I'd prefer a Dr Pepper", I said, grinning. She told me to deal with it.
"That seemed to take a while," I said.
"She wanted to know if I was OK," Sue said.
"And you said...?"
"I'm fine, and this is something I need you to help me do. OK, let's get out of here," she said. "Where to?"
"Let's go see a movie," I suggested. We headed off towards the nearest theatre. Sue parked away from the entrance, in a dark area. Having looked around to make sure nobody was looking, she got out and went to the trunk, retrieving her dress and putting it on.
We headed to the ticket office, where we bought 2 tickets to an R rated movie, so there wouldn't be any kids. They had couples seating towards the back, so we took our seats and waited for the movie to start. There were several other couples scattered around, but none really close to us. I guess they were looking to make out, and didn't want any interruptions.
When the lights had gone out, I told her to flash her tits at the crowd. She slipped her dress off her shoulders, and let her tits hang free.
I said "not like that, nobody can see you. Stand up," and she stood up. Everybody's eyes were on the screen, and she sat down quickly.
I suggested she try holding her dress up from the bottom instead, and she hooked the shoulders back on, stood up and pulled the hem of her dress up high enough to show her tits again. This time one of the guys towards the front started to turn round, and she instantly sat down again, hiding low in her seat.
She put her arms around me, and tried to distract me by rubbing my dick through my jeans, so I ran my hand up her bare leg and under her dress to play with her pussy through her damp thong. I ended up pulling her dress up to her waist, then pulling her thong down to her thighs so I could play with her pussy while we watched the movie.
I was gently tickling her clit when she grabbed hold of my arm, bit my shoulder and came. The guy nearest us must have heard something, as he turned and glanced in our direction, before turning back to his date.
Sue pulled my hand away from her, put my fingers in her mouth and sucked them for a while. She then pulled up her thong, settling her dress back to give her back some modesty. I put my arm around her, and pushed the strap off her shoulder so I could play with her tit.
We watched the movie like this for a while, me kneading her exposed tit and rolling the nipple through my fingers, she rubbing my dick through my jeans. She didn't seem that interested in the movie, so she sort of awkwardly laid down with her head in my lap, where she mouthed my dick through my jeans for a while. I was still playing with her nipple, and she unbuttoned my jeans, pulling them open as far as she could, then started sucking my dick through my underwear, teasing me. Eventually she pulled my dick out, and gently ran her mouth and tongue along it, settling down with the head in her mouth while she ran her tongue over it.
At this point a couple was coming down the aisle behind Sue, so she couldn't see them. Seeing us they stopped, watching her obviously sucking my dick, even though she wasn't moving much. I looked at them, and the guy gave me a thumbs up. I put my finger to my lips to tell them to be quiet, then started pulling the hem of her dress up, exposing her butt. When I'd got it all the way up to her waist, she stopped sucking for a second, and pulled it off over her head. It was still looped over her lower arm, so she tucked it underneath her, and went back to sucking the head of my dick.
The guy pointed to the seats next to us, and I nodded. They walked down the row, and when they sat down, Sue noticed them, sitting up and covering herself with her arm. She seemed confused at where they'd come from. They smiled at her, brightly, and the girl leaned past the guy to tell her how sexy it was, watching her. I could tell she didn't really know what to do, so I took the dress off her other arm, leaving her sitting there in her thong.
The guy talked to his girlfriend for a few seconds, then asked if he could feel Sue's tits. She shook her head, and said "not yet," looking back at me. I shrugged at her, and she sat there, covering herself with her arm and put her hand on my dick again.
The girl pulled the guy to her, and started kissing him passionately, and after a few minutes of that, Sue bent back over and softly took my dick in her mouth again, just licking the head.
I watched the guy working his hands up his girlfriend's blouse, until I heard him say "fuck it," and undo some buttons. It looked like her bra was unhooked, but I couldn't see her tits or anything. It didn't take long before she unbuttoned her jeans, lifted herself up slightly and pulled them past her hips. He had his hand in her panties in no time.
I whispered in Sue's ear "take off your thong." She shook her head slightly, so I started stroking her butt, with my fingers going under the straps. She groaned, and started pulling it down, wiggling her hips to allow her to get it past her thighs. When she got it to her knees, I reached over and pulled it to her feet, carefully taking it off over her shoes.
I looked at the guy and girl, who were watching us, spellbound, and she pulled her bra up and her shirt wide open, showing her pert tits with small pink nipples, and pulled her jeans to her knees. The guy pulled her panties down to her thighs, exposing her hairy pussy, and she was working on getting his dick out of his pants.
I told Sue she might want to see this, so she sat up a bit, covering herself with her arms and hands. She looked at the girl and smiled at her, and the girl stood up, pulling her jeans and panties to her ankles before swapping seats with the guy so she was sitting next to Sue.
I was surprised when she leant over and asked Sue if she could touch her. Sue bit her lip nervously, and said "OK," and the girl gently cupped her left tit. After a few minutes of this, her guy was obviously feeling left out, and was rubbing her pussy madly, so she let go of Sue's tit and turned back to him. Sue laid back down and starting sucking my dick in earnest, as I played with one tit and slid my fingers through her butt crack and down to her clit. She was obviously very turned on, and I worked to get her to cum again.
A couple of people came up and sat down in the row in front of us, I could see they were looking back at the two couples fucking rather than watching the screen, and when I whispered "you have a larger audience," Sue moaned and started cumming, shaking as she did. Shortly after that, I came in her mouth, and she swallowed and swallowed and swallowed, as I'd been getting teased for what seemed like hours. She lay there, until my dick softened in her mouth, then sat up, flashing her tits to the people in the row in front. She turned to the girl next to her, and tapped her on the shoulder. When she turned to face her, she kissed her, open mouthed, so she'd know Sue had sucked me off.
Sue pulled her dress back on, and sat and watched the couple next to us - I got the feeling there was a little bit of a competition going on there, as the girl took off her shirt before kneeling down and sucking her guy off too... he didn't last long.
When the lights came up we sat and waited for most of the people to leave, then Sue grabbed her thong from me and pulled it back on, flashing her shaved pussy to everybody as she pulled it up to her hips. We said good night to her audience, and left.