Chapter 52: Recruitment
Tiffany was an attractive girl with a slender figure, red hair, and freckles. She was very tom-boyish, but at the same time very feminine. This is what Sam found most attractive about her. As they followed her to her apartment, Sam was getting nervous.
"I hope it's me she likes, and not just you!"
"Relax! I'm sure everything will be fine."
"So you read her mind and know she likes me?"
"I didn't say that."
"Come on! Give me just a little hint!"
"OK, who was she rubbing up against the most on the dance floor?"
Sam thought for a moment. "Oh my God! She's so into me!"
"There you have it!"
They pulled into the parking lot of Tiffany's apartment. When Sam opened her car door, Tiffany was already waiting for her.
"Shall we?" She grabbed Sam by the hand and led her to her apartment.
"Tiffany, before we go in, there's something I need to know."
"What's that?"
"This..."
Sam walked up to Tiffany kissed her on the lips! Tiffany responded by embracing Sam and French kissing her back! The two girls made out for nearly half a minute. When they untangled their tongues, Tiffany looked over at Britney and winked. She then opened the door for her guests.
"Come on in! Make yourselves comfortable!" Sam and Britney sat down on a love seat. "Can I get you girls anything to drink? I've got beer, wine coolers, and soda."
"I'd like a wine cooler, please!" said Sam.
"How about you Britney?"
"Nothing for me, thank you."
Tiffany smiled and opened two wine coolers. She handed one to Sam. She sat down in a chair across from the love seat. "I'm so excited that you're here! You know, I haven't stopped thinking about you since I saw you at the ice cream shop earlier today."
"Is that so?" asked Britney skeptically.
"Well yea! It's not every day that you get to see cute girls wearing nothing but body paint."
"I'm sure you saw a lot of girls in body paint today."
"I did, but none of them were as special as you two!"
"What do you mean?" asked Sam.
"You're a BDSM couple, right?"
Sam was shocked by Tiffany's inquiry, "Umm, how did you know?"
"Your nipple rings and collar..."
Sam reached up and touched her collar. She was so accustomed to wearing it, that she forgot it was even there. "Oh yea."
"So how long has Sam been your slave?"
"For a couple of months now." answered Britney.
"Oh, so you're newbies?" There was a slight note of disappointment in Tiffany's voice.
"What's that supposed to mean?"
"You probably aren't very serious, huh?"
"I can assure you that we're both very serious!" said Britney defensively.
"Then have you considered having Sam branded?"
"Branded?"
"You haven't heard of slave branding? Ugh! Amateurs..." Tiffany took on a condescending attitude.
"Well, maybe you would be so kind as to explain it to us?" Britney leaned back in the love seat and crossed her arms defiantly.
"A branded slave represents the epitome of servitude, one so devoted to her master that she agrees to become her possession. The premise is that during the slavery era, slaves would get traded as a commodity, and permanently branded to show proof of ownership. And in BDSM society, a branded slave is very desirable."
Sam was sitting on the edge of her seat cushion and bouncing with excitement. "I want to be branded!"
"It's not something to be taken lightly Sam! If you're branded, you'll be registered on the national BDSM Society's website. Once that happens, your master will be contacted by the Society when your services are requested. Your master can accept or decline these requests as she see fits, but the more requests that you fulfill, the more prestige you garner within the Society."
"And what's the benefit of garnering prestige?" asked Britney.
"Oh! The benefits are endless! Access to the latest styles of BDSM clothing and equipment, participation in regional and national competitions, and all-expense paid trips to Society sponsored events, to name just a few!"
"Wow! That sounds exciting. How do I get Sam branded and registered?"
"You would need to contact a Society representative to schedule an interview. If you both pass the interview, he or she would provide the ownership medallion and brand the slave accordingly."
"And how do I contact a representative?"
"You have to submit a request on the website and wait for a response."
Sam let out a sigh of disappointment. "Boo..."
"But luckily for you, I happen to be a Society Rep!"
"You are?!"
"Yes, and we're about halfway through the interview process!"
Sam was beaming again with excitement.
"Now then, if you're approved to be branded, you will be expected to fulfill the requests of the person in possession of your medallion. And those requests can range from innocent to completely depraved. As in any BDSM relationship, your safety-word will exempt you from any request you wish to avoid. Just know that the use of your safety-word will reflect in the review that your interim master submits to the Society website. Do you understand?"
Sam and Britney responded with a "Yes!"
"The slave registration program is not for prostitution. However, there may be occasions when a slave is ordered to perform or participate in sexual activities. Again, the safety-word applies in such situations. Also, the Society's contract will indicate the nature of the interim master's request and whether or not such activities are likely to occur. The master can decide if her slave will help go grocery shopping or perform entertainment for a bachelor party. Do you understand?"
"Yes, but what happens if the situation becomes non-consensual?" asked Britney.
"Very good question! The Society provides a bodyguard with every contract. He or she will be responsible for the transportation and protection of your slave when she leaves your custody. And all interim masters undergo a thorough background investigation before being allowed to borrow someone else's slave."
"OK, that's good. I wouldn't want anything bad to happen to Sam, unless she wanted it too."
"And that's exactly the attitude we want our masters to have! Now, do you have any more questions?"
"I don' think so."
"Great! This then concludes the interview portion of the application process. Next will be the practical assessment."
"What does that entail?"
"Did you bring your slave's leash?"
"Always!" Britney removed the leash from her purse and handed it to Tiffany.
Tiffany clipped the leash onto Sam's collar. "Take off your clothes slave!" Sam looked toward Britney for approval. Tiffany gave a hard yank on the leash and Sam turned her attention toward her. "Don't look at her! I am your Master now!"
"I'm sorry Master!" Sam stood up and immediately removed her clothes.
Tiffany inspected Sam's shackles. "These are good piercings! The rings are solid and the nipples and clit are nice and thick! No risk of them tearing!"
"Thank you! My slave has needed a lot discipline, and these shackles were the only way to force her into submission."
"Some slaves are more difficult to tame than others. But the extra effort you put into them is usually worth it. Anyway, this slave and I are going to walk down to the local convenience store now. Please make yourself at home and we'll return when we're done. By the way, what's her safety-word?"
"Cylon."
"Good to know. Come slave!"
Tiffany walked out of the apartment toting Sam behind her. The convenience store was a couple of blocks away. Not too far, but they had to walk along a busy road. Sam was sure to draw a lot of attention, which she did! Drivers honked their horns or yelled jeers out the window as they passed by. One car even slowed down and the passenger videoed Sam with his smartphone!
A they approached the convenience store Tiffany addressed Sam. "OK slave, a good friend of mine works at this store. He's a good guy. He's clean and responsible. I want you to give him a blowjob. Will you obey?"
Sam hated the idea of putting a cock in her mouth, and the taste of semen even more. But she would do anything to pass her assessment, so she set her aversions aside. "Yes Master!"
"Very good. When he cums in your mouth you are not to swallow. Understand?"
"Yes Master!"
"OK. Follow me." Tiffany and Sam walked into the store. "Hey Brian!"
"Hey Tiffany! Oh, did you bring another applicant?"
"I did. This one's only been a slave for a couple months."
"A beginner, huh?"
"Yea, I usually don't accept beginners, but she and her master show a lot of potential. Check out her piercings!"
Tiffany reached behind Sam and toyed with her nipple rings, tugging and twisting them. She stretched Sam's nipples into two pointy cones.
"She looks like she might be fun to play with!"
"That's what I'm here to find out. Would you like to get a blowjob from her Brian?"
"Of course I would!"
"OK slave, suck his cock!"
Sam walked behind the counter and kneeled down in front of Brian. Brian unzipped his pants and pulled out his cock. It was a handsome cock. Not a giant, but larger than average. Sam took the cock into her mouth and started performing fellatio. The guidance she received from Katie and watching Britney paid off. She had Brian cumming within a couple of minutes. She felt his thick seed fill her mouth. She waited for his cock to stop spurting and then carefully milked the residual cum from the shaft. And as order, she didn't swallow.
Brian removed his cock from her mouth and put it back into his pants. "Woo! She's not half bad! Thanks for sharing her Tiffany!"
"No problem!" She turned her attention to Sam. "Get up slave and follow me!"
She led Sam over to the over to the beer cooler. There was an empty section with a single pony-keg inside. Tiffany open the glass door and ordered Sam to sit down on the keg. Once Sam was inside, Tiffany closed the door and went back up to the counter.
The cooler wasn't very deep, so Sam was forced to spread her legs to fit inside. When she sat down, her clit ring made contact with the metal keg. The temperature of the ring instantly dropped below 40 degrees and sent chills directly into her pussy! Sam had never experienced such a sensation before. After the initial shock from the frigid temperature, she began to feel the tingling of an orgasm ignite in her groin.
Tiffany came back a few minutes later with a small cardboard sign that read: Please Molest Me! She showed the sign to Sam. "Do you understand?"
Again, Sam nodded. Tiffany taped the sign to the outside of the cooler door and went back up to the counter. Sam could see her talking to Brian and pointing at her in the cooler. Then Tiffany walked out of the store.
It was very uncomfortable in the cooler. Aside from her naked body shivering against the 42-degree temperature, her ass ached from the uneven surface of the pony-keg. But Sam wasn't about to move or complain. She wanted to pass the assessment. And she would do anything that Tiffany ordered her to do!
Soon, about a dozen people, both men and women, entered the store and walked back to the cooler where Sam was sitting. Most of them read the sign and took photos of her, but a few opened the cooler door and touched her. They mostly just tugged on her rings or pinched her nipples. Sam loved the attention and humiliation.
After about a half hour later, Tiffany returned to the store and walked back to the cooler. She opened the door. "You can come out now slave." Sam stepped out of the cooler. Tiffany noticed that Sam was shivering. "Are you cold slave?" Sam nodded her head. "Would you like some coffee to help warm you up?" She nodded again. Tiffany walked over to the beverage counter and poured some coffee into a cup. "Do you like cream in your coffee?" Sam nodded. Tiffany brought the cup up to Sam's mouth. "Spit the cum into the coffee!" Sam carefully deposited Brian's cum into the cup. "Very good slave! You didn't swallow!"
"Master told me not to."
Tiffany stirred the cum into the coffee. "Here slave, drink your coffee!" Sam quickly drank the hot beverage.
"Are you feeling better slave?"
"Yes Master."
"Good, Brian needs your help again."
Sam walked around the counter and got down on her knees again.
"No slave! Not that kind of help!"
Sam stood up. "Sorry Master."
"Brian needs you to help sell some merchandise. Come here!"
Tiffany clipped a short chain between Sam's nipple rings and began attaching a variety of chips, cookies, and other bagged items to the chain. When she was done, Sam's chest was covered in snacks. Tiffany then clipped a small coffee can to Sam's clit ring.
"OK, you're going to go stand in center median and sell these snacks to the people who stop at the intersection. Do you understand?"
"Yes Master."
"You need to sell as much as you can, as fast as you can! So you need to run from car to car! Understand?"
"Yes Master."
"I don't want to see you walking! Oh, and you need to hold this sign above your head at all times!"
Tiffany handed her the sign. It read:
All Snacks $1.00
Coins Preferred
Deposit in Clit Can
"Go slave! Go sell the snacks!"
Sam ran the best she could with the coffee can dangling between her legs and her hands above her head holding the sign. She reached the center divider and waited for the light to change and the cars to stop. When the cars stopped, she immediately had requests from the drivers.
"Hey! I'll buy a bag of chips!" Sam ran over to his car. "So how does this work?"
"You take what you want and put the coins in the can."
The guy reached up, took a bag of chips, and deposited the coins.
"Thank you, sir!"
The moment she was done, another guy wanted to buy a package of cookies. She ran over to his car. He grabbed the cookies and dropped the coins in the can. Sam sold about a half dozen items during the first light, and after each sale, the weight of the can pulled more and more on her clit! After two more signal changes, the can was nearly half full and causing her great discomfort. She could tolerate the dead weight, but running from car to car was excruciating! She found that she could prevent the can from swinging by pressing her legs together, but then she wasn't able to run. That was unacceptable! She had to pass her assessment! She had to get branded!
When the light changed and she received a snack request, she ran as fast as she could to the customer, ignoring the searing pain between her legs. Even though she felt like she was running, she was hobbling at best. Tiffany could tell that she was in pain and went out to stop her.
"Slave! That's enough! Go back inside the store!"
"Master please, I haven't finished selling all of the snacks!"
"No! You're done! You failed to obey me! You were not running as I commanded!"
"But Master, the weight of the can on my clit was too much!"
"I don't want to hear excuses!"
"Master please!"
"I'm tired of your whining!" Tiffany pulled a ball gag out of her purse and tied it on Sam.
Inside the store she removed the remaining snacks from Sam's chain and lastly the can of coins. It was quite heavy and Tiffany wondered how Sam was even able to carry half that weight? She noticed that Sam's clit was swollen and bright red from the trauma. She hooked the leash to Sam's collar and said goodbye to Brian.
"Come on slave! We're leaving!" Once they were outside, Tiffany began chastising Sam. "I'm very disappointed with you! I promised Brian that you could sell all those snacks quickly, and you didn't! You made me look bad, and that is completely unacceptable! You must be the worst slave I have ever had the displeasure of commanding! I'm so glad you're not my personal slave and that I can give you back to your failed master! To think she thought you were worthy of being branded! You're not even worthy to lick the soles of my shoes! And I don't even know why I'm wasting my breath talking to you?! Stay as far behind me as possible, I don't even want to see or hear you anymore!"
Sam felt completely defeated. If Tiffany wasn't pulling her by her leash, she half-way considered running into traffic and ending it all.
When they returned to Tiffany's apartment, Britney was alarmed by Sam's condition. She was crying hysterically behind the ball gag. Tears were pouring from her eyes and snot was dripping from her nose.
"What happened?"
"Your slave failed to follow my orders, and I was forced to give her an oral admonishment. If I had my whips with me, I would have punished her physically." Tiffany removed the ball gag and unhooked the leash from Sam's collar. "Go sit down by your master!"
Sam ran over to Britney and put her head in her lap and continued to cry. Tiffany handed the leash back to Britney.
"Congratulations! You both passed the assessment!"
Sam lifted her head from Britney's lap, "W-W-What did you say?"
"I said you both passed the assessment!"
"B-B-But you said I failed!"
"I said you failed me to obey me. I never said you failed the assessment. It's important that you learn to accept failure as a slave. Not all masters will be as kind or as understanding as Britney. And if you never fail, you'll never need to be punished, and where's the fun in that?"
"So I passed? I can be a branded?"
"Yes you passed! And as soon as we complete the registration process, you'll be officially branded!"
"Oh Sam! I'm so proud of you! I knew you could do it!" Britney gave Sam a big hug.
"Sam, why don't you go clean yourself up? The bathroom is right around the corner."
Sam got up from the sofa and reached for her clothes.
"You don't need your clothes just yet Sam."
"Oh, OK..."
While Sam was in the bathroom, Tiffany explained to Britany that the remainder of the registration process needed to be completed without Sam's knowledge. She said that it was imperative that a slave have no further involvement or say in the matter, thereby reinforcing the Master's dominance over the slave. Tiffany provided Britney with some specific instructions and equipment.
When Sam opened the bathroom door, Britney was waiting for her. She ordered Sam to kneel and then secured a leather gimp mask over her head. The mask covered her entire head, except for her nostrils. It prevented her from seeing, hearing, or talking. Britney then led her into a bedroom where she tied Sam to a bondage table, immobilizing her hands, feet, and body.
When Britney returned to the living room, Tiffany was sitting at the kitchen table with her laptop and an ornately carved wooden lock box.
"Please, have a seat."
She used a small key that she wore as a necklace and unlocked the box. She opened it and removed a black and silver metallic medallion.
"This triskele, a design consisting of a triple spiral exhibiting rotational symmetry and three concentric holes, has long represented the BDSM community. It identifies the bearer as a member, but to non-members it simply looks like a Celtic inspired pendant. On the back of this medallion is a serial number: FN-2187. This is will be your slave's serial number, her new identity." She handed the medallion and a silver chain to Britney. "You must keep this safe at all times! It is proof of ownership for your slave. It's also RF chip encoded, so you can use it to received discounts and pay for services at BDSM participating businesses. All transactions will be charged to your account."
Britney hooked the chain around her neck.
"Now then, in order for that medallion to be valid, your slave needs to be branded accordingly. Long ago, slaves were branded with hot irons, but today we use tattoo ink. The brand will look exactly like the medallion, but will have an additional outer ring which will contain the phrase 'A SLAVE OBEYS' at the top, and the slave's serial number and date of registration at the bottom. And you can have your slave branded anywhere on her body, it's completely up to you."
"Anywhere?"
"Yes. Just bear in mind that she will be required to show her brand upon the request of any society member."
Britney considered the options and decided on a location that would be the most humiliating. "I want my slave to be branded on her pussy mound!"
"That's a very popular location with many of our more seasoned masters. It reminds the slave of the sexual dominance that her master has over her. For that particular location, I'd recommend a three-inch diameter brand. That would make it easier to read since she won't be able to present the brand to a requestor as easily as she could if it was on her wrist."
"That sounds fine."
"Good! Now, let me resize the stencil and update it with her serial number and today's date."
Tiffany did some work on her laptop and in the other room they heard a printer come to life and process the order. She got up and moments later came back with an example of Sam's brand. She cut it out of the printer paper, so it was the actual size and shape. They walked into the room where Sam was tied up and placed the circular piece of paper on Sam's mound.
"This is approximately how the brand will look on your slave. Do you approve?"
"I do!"
"Great! Let's get started then..."
Tiffany had an assortment of professional tattooing equipment on a portable cart. She rolled it over next to the bed. She began by preparing Sam for the tattoo.
"I see your slave likes to keep her pubic hair trimmed into a landing strip. Society rules state that a registered slave's brand will be immediately visible at all times. So due to the location of her brand, she will no longer be allowed to have any pubic hair. I recommend that you have it permanently removed for convenience."
Up until this point, Sam had no idea what was about to happen. She had been tied up to the table after having her sight, hearing, and speech neutralized by the gimp mask. So when Tiffany applied the shaving cream to her pubic area, Sam nearly jumped out of her skin! All she could do was to squeal through her nose.
Tiffany then used a razor and gently shaved off all of Sam's pubic hair. She then applied a mirror image of the brand onto Sam's pelvic area with special stencil paper. She explained to Britany how the ink on this paper would transfer to Sam's skin and provide a template for her to follow when she tattooed the image on permanently. She sprayed the paper to activate the transfer and then carefully lifted it off of Sam's skin. She inspected the transfer to make sure it was centered and straight. Being satisfied with the look, Tiffany prepared her tattoo gun.
"Society regulations state that all slaves will be branded with black ink, and that the ink will fully saturate the skin. This means that I'm going to be making dark heavy lines. This is so the brand will be highly visible and impossible to remove. This is your last chance to back out. Are you sure you want to proceed?"
"I am. I want my slave to become my property!"
Tiffany dipped her gun into the ink and began tattooing. She expected Sam to tense up from the pain, but she didn't. Compared to the pain that Sam received during her punishments, getting a tattoo was nothing. Fifteen minutes into the session, she actually fell asleep. The mild pain from the tattoo gun actually had a sedating effect on her. With Sam asleep, Tiffany was able to finish sooner than she expected. She called Britney over to inspect her work and validate the serial number with her medallion.
"Yes, the numbers match!" confirmed Britney.
"Then according to the rules and statues governing the BDSM Society, Slave FN-2187 is officially your property. Congratulations!"
"Thank you! By the way, you did an awesome job on the tattoo!"
"Thanks! She was an easy canvass. With her passed out like that, I was able to tattoo twice as fast as I usually do, and with more accuracy!"
"How long would it take you to add some flames emanating from the medallion and spreading up toward her navel?"
"A couple of hours. Why?"
"I'd like you to continue tattooing my slave!"
"Are you sure? She was only expecting to be branded."
"Yes! My property, my choice!"
"I can do it, but it will cost more than we agreed upon."
"That's fine. I want her to wake up and realize that her body is no longer her own, but mine!"
"I can appreciate that... I'll get started on the tattoo right away."
"Hold on... Go ahead to add similar flames around both of her nipples too!"
"Whatever you want!"
Tiffany spent an additional three and half hours on Sam's tattoos. When she was done, orange and red flames spread up from the sides of her pussy, flowed around the medallion, and stopped just below her bellybutton. Her nipples were tattooed the same way, making them look like mini fireballs. Tiffany's design appeared very realistic, as if Sam's pussy and nipples were actually on fire! Tiffany brought Britney in to inspect her final work.
"Oh my God! Tiffany, you are an ink master!"
"Wow! You really think so?"
"I do! She looks absolutely amazing! She's always saying how her piercings feel like they are on fire while she's being punished."
"I appreciate you giving me free reign to tattoo her how I thought best. I was able to unleash my creativity."
"Well, it definitely shows!"
"Thanks! And as for caring for her tattoos, she'll need to keep the skin clean and dry, and apply a skin ointment, like A+D, three times a day for at least a week. While she's still sleeping, let's go finalize your order."
Tiffany and Britney walked back into the living room and sat down at the table.
"I still can't believe you set all this up without her knowing!"
"Well, I couldn't have done it without your help and the assistance of the BDSM Society. They certainly assigned the right recruiter to the case!"
"Thank you! I've been recruiting for the Society for the past three years. And on average, the people I've referred for servitude have accumulated more prestige than any other recruits."
"Wow! You must have a good eye for who will or won't make a good commodity slave."
"I believe my personal experience as a slave has given me the insight to discern the necessary qualities within the applicants."
"You were a slave?"
"I still am! Slave EJ-3274." Tiffany lifted her hair from the back of her neck and showed Britney her brand.
"I never would have expected..."
"Almost everyone working for the Society is a master or a slave. Now, if you don't mind, let's go over the payment details:
-Initial Application Fee:$100 (pre-paid)
-Recruiter Per Diem/Location Costs:$2,750
-Interview and Practical Assessment:$450
-Slave Registration w/ BDSM Society: $3,500
-Tattoo Branding:$550
-Additional Tattoo Service:$850
-Medallion/RF Chip Activation:$350
-TOTAL:$8,750
"There will also be a monthly membership fee of $250 to remain active in the Society, and you can make payments directly through our website. But I'd like to remind you that as your slave performs services and accumulates prestige, you will receive credit that will help defray this cost. Some of our more active members actually make money, which they reinvest in the products and services offered by the Society."
"Well, there's no doubt in my mind that this is money well spent. You saw how excited Sam was to be branded and registered. You can't put a price on that type of happiness!"
"You certainly can't. I remember when I was branded. It was the most magical day of my life!"
Britney handed Tiffany her credit card and she swiped it through a reader connected to her laptop. After waiting for payment confirmation, she handed the card back to Britney.
"OK! Payment complete! Your account will be activated within 24 hours. When that happens, you can update your slave's profile. Be as descriptive and honest as possible, and upload lots of photos. I'll be posting a review of her performance during the assessment along with some photos and video as well. Oh! And don't forget to take advantage of the discounts that the Society offers its members on various goods and services throughout the country. You'll be surprised just how many there are. And the RF chip in your medallion will often apply discounts automatically."
"Thank you so much for all your help Tiffany!"
"It was my pleasure! Now, how about you go wake up your slave? I'll video her reaction when she sees her tattoos for the first time!"
Britney and Tiffany walked back to the room where Sam was sleeping. Tiffany had her smartphone out and was ready to record.
Britney twisted one of Sam's nipple rings until she woke up. She then untied the body restraints, dragged Sam in front of a mirror, unzipped the gimp mask, and lifted it off of Sam's head. The moment Sam saw her reflection, her heart stopped. She couldn't believe what had happened to her. She had been tattooed without her consent, her body defiled! She looked at the flames that had been tattooed around her pussy and followed them up to where they ended below her navel. Her nipples had been surrounded by flames as well, with the ends of the flames nearly reaching her collar bone. Her body had been completely objectified sexually. She was no longer a person. Instead she had become something to be used, something to be played with. Sam dropped to her knees and started crying.
"Slave, why are you crying? Do you not appreciate what I have done for you?"
"Master, I'm crying because I am so happy that you found pleasure in decorating my body."
"Your happiness is none of my concern! You must understand that you are my property and I will do with you what I please!"
"That is my sole purpose in life, Master, to be used by you for your enjoyment."
Britney turned her attention to Tiffany. "Tiffany, if you have no objection, I'd like to have my slave pleasure you orally to show her appreciation for all the services that you provided today."
"That really isn't necessary."
"But I insist. It's one of the few things my slave can do properly."
"It would be rude of me to decline your generosity. So yes, your slave may eat my pussy!"
Tiffany reached up under her skirt and removed her panties, then she laid down on the bed with her ass at the edge and lifted her legs.
"Eat her pussy, slave! And be sure to give her a strong orgasm! I want to hear her screaming in pleasure! Understand?"
"Yes Master!"
Sam positioned herself in front of Tiffany's pussy and began performing cunnilingus! This was Sam's first time to eat out a redhead, and she was enamored with her auburn pubic hair and pale freckled skin. Even though the objective was to pleasure Tiffany, Sam found herself becoming equally aroused. As she licked and sucked on Tiffany's clit, Sam reached down and gently fingered herself. She knew that slaves weren't allowed to masturbate without permission, but her attraction to Tiffany was so strong that she couldn't resist! She had planned on just giving herself a female orgasm, but she accidentally over-stimulated herself and induced ejaculation. Tiffany was about to cum too, so Sam had to give Tiffany her full attention. She had no choice but to let her own cum spurt on the floor. She felt about eight strong spurts erupt from her groin. She moaned into Tiffany's pussy as sparks of pleasure shot through her body. Moments later, Tiffany screamed out as her own orgasm crested. She happened to be a squirter, so Sam received a splash of pussy juice all over her face!
Britney heard Tiffany's screams and returned to the room. "I assume that my slave serviced you adequately?"
Tiffany was still lying on the bed reeling from her orgasm. "Oh, yes! She definitely knows how to eat pussy, that's for sure!"
"Good job slave! At least you can do one think correctly!"
"Master, I am a bad slave."
"Why? I just complimented you for the good job of pleasuring Tiffany."
"Master, I came on the floor!"
Britney looked below where Sam was still squatting at the end of the bed, and saw the large puddle of cum. "Show me your hands, slave!" Sam presented her hands and Britney inspected them. "Aha! Just as I suspected! You were masturbating, weren't you?"
"Yes Master, I touched myself."
"How dare you! What a selfish slave you are! And right after Tiffany so generously allowed you to be branded and registered. I'm beginning to think she made a big mistake recruiting you! Cleanup your mess while I decide an appropriate punishment!"
"Yes Master!" Sam got down on her hands and knees and started licking up her cum from the floor.
"Tiffany, may I have a word with you alone?"
"Absolutely!"
They stepped out of the room. "Before you ask, she's a pseudo-hermaphrodite. That's why she can ejaculate. She can have female orgasms too."
"Wow! Lucky girl."
"Yes she is. Anyway, do happen to have any disciplinary toys available for purchase?"
"I keep a small assortment of the latest releases, for promotional reasons."
"Could I have a look?"
"Sure. Let me show you..."
Tiffany opened up one of her suitcases and showed Britney a wide assortment of different BDSM tools. Britney looks over the items and considered their application to Sam's current situation.
"I need something that she can wear and causes considerable discomfort at the same time."
"Oh! I know exactly what you need!" Tiffany rummaged through the items. "Ah! Here it is! An expandable locking butt plug! You insert it into the rectum, twist the key to expand the size, and then remove the key. The plug cannot be removed by your slave."
"This is perfect! How much do I owe you?"
"Consider it an even trade for the fabulous orgasm your slave gave me!"
"Really? Thanks!"
Sam was still licking up her cum from the floor when Britney returned to the room.
"Haven't you finished cleaning up yet?"
"Sorry Master, I'm almost done."
Britney waited for her to finish. "Are you ready to receive your punishment?"
"Yes Master! A slave should always be ready and willing to be punished!"
"OK, stand up, bend over, and grab your ankles!"
"Yes Master!" Sam quickly got into position.
Britney took the plug and inserted it into Sam's anus. Sam giggled.
"You might laugh now slave, but we're not done yet!"
Britney gave the key a twist and expanded the plug. Sam felt her sphincter stretch. Britney turned the key again. Sam winced in pain.
"Now we're getting somewhere!" She turned the key again.
"Ow! Ow! Ow! Master please stop!"
"I think one more turn should be enough!"
"No more, please!"
Britney twisted the key!
"Oh God! It hurts! It hurts!"
Britney removed the key. "OK, stand up slave!"
Sam attempted to stand up straight. "I can't! It hurts too much!"
"Well, if you don't like it, take it out!"
Sam reached around and felt the base of the plug. She tried pulling, twisting, and pushing on it.
"Master, it won't move!"
"No it won't! It requires a special key to remove it. This key right here!" Britney dangled the key in front of Sam. "Once I think you've been punished enough, I'll consider removing it."
"Yes Master..."
Britney attached her leash to Sam's collar. "Come on slave! It's late and we need to get home!"
Sam had a difficult time walking with the butt plug inserted. Each step felt like it was going to tear her open!
"Thank you again for all you have done for us Tiffany!"
"You're quite welcome Britney. I'll be closely monitoring your progress online. I have no doubt that you and your slave are going to make a big impression within the Society!"
As they started walking toward the door, Sam started whining. "Master, what about my clothes?"
"I paid good money to have you decorated with tattoos! And it would be rude to Tiffany not to display her artwork. You don't get to wear any clothes."
"But what about my parents?"
"What about them?"
"I don't want them to see me like this."
"I'm sure they'll understand."
"Master, please! My clothes!"
"I said no! And that's final!" Sam continued to protest. "OK, you leave me no choice!"
Britney removed the ball gag from her purse and tied it behind Sam's head. Sam continued to protest, grunting through her nose. Britney picked up the clothes from the floor.
"You want these?"
Sam nodded her head.
"Well too bad! You can't have them!" Britney ripped the clothes and threw then into the trash. "Now there's nothing more to argue about!"
Sam suddenly calmed down. She realized that she no longer had any control in her life. And oddly enough, she was OK with that.
Chapter 53: Parental Shock
The drive home was a quiet one. Not just because Sam was still wearing her ball-gag, but because they were both pretty tired from the day's adventures. When they pulled into the driveway, the lights were still on in the living room.
"Oh good! It looks like Mom and Dad are still up!"
Sam started shaking her head and grunting through her nose.
"We might as well show them what you are now, and get it over with. How long do you think you can keep your tattoos hidden from them anyway?"
Sam's eyes began to tear up.
"What are you afraid of? You think they won't love you anymore?"
Sam let out a soft whimper.
"Besides, they already know about our BDSM relationship, they're bound to be expecting something like this anyway!"
Sam pointed to her eye, her heart, and then to Britney.
"And I love you too! Now let's go!" Britney helped Sam out of the car since the butt plug was still limiting her mobility. "Don't worry! Just let me do all the talking!" Sam stopped and put her hands on her hips. "Oh come on! That was funny!"
As they approached the front door, it suddenly opened. Gloria was there to greet them. "Oh my girls are home! Did you have a good time? Samantha! Where are your clothes?" When they entered into the light of the house, Gloria noticed the tattoos and ball-gag. "Oh! Dear God! What on earth has happened? Why are you wearing a gag? I don't understand!"
"Mom, please go sit down and I will explain everything..."
Gloria sat down on the sofa next to Paul. Paul was partially in shock and didn't know how to respond.
"OK, Mom and Dad, you both know that Sam and I enjoy a BDSM relationship, correct?"
"Yes. That means you like to tie each other up and spank each other, right?"
"That's not entirely accurate. In a BDSM relationship, there is a dominate partner, me, and a submissive partner, Sam. I am the Master and she is the slave. Sam derives a lot of pleasure from being dominated. She likes to be publicly humiliated and physically punished. What would be pain for most people, she feels as pleasure. Are you still with me?"
"I think so... So what happened tonight? Did you go to a BDSM party or something?"
"No, we met with a recruiter from the National BDSM Society. We were interviewed as a couple and Sam was approved to become a branded and registered slave."
"What does that mean? Branded and registered?"
Britney showed them her medallion. "You see this medallion? It was issued to me by the Society. On the back is the serial number: FN-2187. This is Sam's serial number. This symbol and serial number have been tattooed on Sam's body. It proves that she is the slave to the bearer of this medallion."
"You mean that it proves that she's your slave."
"While I am in possession of this medallion, she's my slave. When I let another Society member borrow the medallion, Sam will be their slave until they return it to me."
"So Sam is like a commodity? To be traded and borrowed?"
"Yes! Exactly!"
"But why would she want to do such a thing?"
"It proves her complete devotion to being a slave."
Paul suddenly joined in on the conversation. "So, that big black symbol on Sam's pubic area is a tattoo, not body paint?"
"Yes it is."
"And what about those flames? Are they part of the branding?"
"No. I had them added for decoration."
"Did Sam agree to this?"
"She did afterwards."
"What do you mean, afterwards? Did you force my daughter to do something she didn't want to do?!" Paul stood up and glared at Britney. "I think it's best you leave right now, and stay the hell away from my daughter!"
"Mr. Robins, please. I think now would be a good time to hear what Sam has to say." Britney removed Sam's ball-gag.
"Mom and Dad, please don't be mad at Britney. This is something we chose to do together, as a couple."
"But you never acted like this before! How am I not to suspect that Britney forced you into this?"
"The decision to begin a BDSM relationship was my idea from the start. My entire life, up until now, has been very confusing for me. Being raised as both genders has given me an identity crisis."
Gloria started crying. "That's our fault! We never should have listened to that doctor who told us to raise you as a boy."
"But, Mom, I am a boy! And I'm also a girl! I've never felt like I fit into either gender, until I met Britney. She's the first person in my life to love me for who I am. She doesn't care that I don't have breasts, or that my clit looks like a small penis, or that I ejaculate from my vagina! She loves me for being me! And I'm completely devoted to her. I would do anything for her, become anything for her. She gives my life direction. And for the first time in my life, I know who I am, I know my identity. I am Britney's partner, lover, and soulmate. I belong to her. I am hers. I am a slave to her. And that's what I found so attractive about BDSM. I could officially be Britney's slave. It fit perfectly with the lifestyle I want to lead.
"And I also discovered that I really do enjoy bondage & discipline, domination & submission, and sadism & masochism! I know it's a strange fetish, but it's a fetish that brings me great pleasure and happiness. And becoming a branded and register slave today was the best thing to happen to me in my life; second to meeting Britney that is. Yes, I agreed to be branded, but it was Britney who decided to have the medallion tattooed above my vagina and to add the flames around it and my nipples. She knew that I would love her decision. She knows me. She knows that I would be proud to show off the flames, just like I am proud to show off my piercings! I'm not ashamed of what I've become. I'm happy being a slave. And I hope you, Mom and Dad, can be happy for me, and Britney, and our life together."
Paul sat back down on the sofa next to Gloria.
"Samantha, you know that all your father and I have ever wanted was for you to be happy!"
"And if being a professional slave is what you want to do with your life, then it would be wrong for us to stand in your way."
Sam started laughing! "You sillies! Being a branded slave isn't a profession. It's a lifestyle/hobby. I still plan to graduate and become a molecular scientist!"
Once they realized their misconceptions, Gloria and Paul started laughing too! "You really had us going Jelly Bean! We thought you had decided to run off and join the circus or something!"
"I'd never join the circus! Britney might, but I wouldn't!"
Britney jabbed Sam in the ribs with her elbow. "Hey! Careful what you say!"
"Sorry, Sweetie!"
"So, Mr. and Mrs. Robins, are we OK now? Are we a family again?"
"As long as you go back to calling us Mom and Dad, we are!" Gloria and Paul stood up and hugged the girls.
"Mom, Dad, if you don't mind, Britney and I have had a long day and night, so we'd like to go to bed now."
"Good night girls! Sleep well!"
"Good night Mom! Good night Dad!"
Once they were in their bedroom, Sam let out a big yawn. "I could fall asleep right now, but first I need you to remove this butt plug! It's killing me!"
"Oh my God! The key! I left it at Tiffany's!"
"No you didn't!"
"I must have! It's not in my purse!"
"Well, do you still have her phone number? We have to get that key!"
"I don't! What did you do with the card she gave you?"
"I threw it away... Oh no! What if I have to poo? I can't go to the hospital to have them remove a butt plug! I just can't!"
"Oh, never mind! Here it is!" Britney giggled.
"That's not funny, Britney!"
"You should have seen the look on your face!"
"Shut up and remove the plug!"
Britney inserted the key and loosened the plug. It originally took four twists to tighten it, but only two to loosen it enough to remove it.
"Uh oh!"
"What?"
"Maybe the butt plug wasn't such a good idea?"
"Why?"
"Your butthole is kind of staying open."
Sam reached around felt it. "What the fuck!?"
"I'm sure it will tighten back up."
"It better! I can't walk around with a sphincter that doesn't close!"
After taking a quick shower and applying ointment to Sam's tattoos, the girls jumped into bed.
"Today was just the best day ever! We got to enjoy body painting at Hampton Grove, dancing at the club, and I got branded and registered as a slave! I can't believe it!"
"And my symbiont regained consciousness."
"Oh, yea... I almost forgot about that. How's it going for you?"
"Pretty much the same as before, but it's a little different this time. Like I said earlier, I feel closer to the symbiont. It answers my thoughts."
"It talks to you?"
"Not exactly. It's more like it tells me subliminally what I want to know. Like how to make all those guys cum into the glass."
"That was really convenient! If you could do that all the time, you might never have to feed vaginally!"
"That would be nice, huh?"
"Hey! Since your symbiont is awake, do you think you're producing nectar again?"
"I don't know. But there's only one way to find out..."
Britney scooted her ass to the edge of the bed and spread her legs. Sam kneeled down and started eating Britney's pussy. Sam paused for moment.
"You know, redheads do taste different than blondes!"
"Really?"
"Yea, Tiffany was a lot tangier than you!"
"Shut up and eat me!"
Within five minutes, Britney felt her orgasm swell in her groin. "Oh God Sam! I'm going to cum soon! And it feels like a really big one too!" Sam concentrated her licking on Britney's clit! "Yes! Sam! Yes, keep doing that! Ah! Ah! Aaaaaaah!"
Britney screamed as the pleasure of her orgasm flooded her body! And as expected, nectar flowed from her pussy into Sam's mouth. Only this time the quantity was way more than usual. Sam had a hard time keeping up with the flow and in the end she figured she swallowed at least three mouths full. She barely made it back onto the bed before she succumbed to the nectar's narcotic effects. Sam fell unconscious and floated off to pleasure-land for several minutes.
During that time, Britney observed the most unusual reaction. The skin where Sam had been tattooed began to glow with a faint blue aura. Britney quickly grabbed her smartphone and recorded the strange phenomenon.
When Sam regained consciousness, she opened her eyes and looked at Britney. "Am I alive?
"Of course you are."
"It felt like I had died and gone to Heaven! I was surrounded by pure joy and happiness!"
"Well, I'm sorry to say you're back on earth with me."
"Well, that's pretty close to Heaven too!" Sam leaned in and kissed Britney. "Thank you!"
"You're welcome! By the way, while you were off in La-La Land, something interesting happened to you."
"What?"
"Here, watch..."
Sam watched her body glow in the video. She sat up and touched her tattoos. "I don't believe it! The skin is healed!"
"Are you sure?"
"Yea! It no longer stings and it feels normal again!" She reached around and touched her anus. "And my butthole, it's back to normal as well! Your nectar, it must have restorative powers. It's an elixir!"
"Why didn't we notice this sooner?"
"Well, you never produced as much as you just did."
"It must be all the cum I drank earlier tonight! It was definitely a lot more than normal."
"When we get back to the school, I definitely need to do more research on this. Just think of all the health benefits it could provide."
Britney was suddenly reminded of the lady at the tattoo parlor who pleaded with her to help her sick mother. She was overcome with guilt and started crying.
"Honey, what's wrong?"
She explained about the woman's mother dying from cancer and how she ignored her request.
"I was afraid to try to help her telepathically, especially after healing those girls I burnt in the shower. That was almost too much for me to handle. Just imagine what cancer would do? But if my nectar could help..." Britney choked on her tears. "I just hope it's not too late!"
Sam held her close and consoled her. "Don't cry, Sweetie. We'll go see her the first chance we get."
"How about tomorrow?"
"If we leave first thing in the morning, we should definitely have time."
"You promise?"
"I promise." A smile returned to Britney's face. "There's my beautiful Britney! Come one, we need to sleep. We have another busy day ahead of us..."
The girls held each other and quickly drifted off to sleep.