A bit of (BIG!) age difference erotica, Joy is 40, and the guys are ranging in late fifties and sixties, so if that isn't your thing walk away now. I'm not going to list everything in here, but group sex is a huge part of it, first time anal, and a group of older guys who have obviously done this often ;p
Its not discussed explicitly, but the guys are all Bi, or Bi friendly-none of that 'oh i must not get within ten foot of another guys cock' here....I like my characters open and accepting
Misty Acres
Joy stretched out her arms and breathed in the steam of her hot tea cooling on the balcony railing, the scent making her smile. The morning was cool, misty and cloudy, rain was likely she reckoned, not rare in the Welsh mountains. She stood on the balcony of a beautiful master bedroom in a fair-sized house. She worked here, as manager of the Farmstay over autumn and winter, the house itself had the other rooms shut for winter. But the adjoining barn had been converted to gorgeous little apartments, 8 in all, and those still had clients in.
The barn was just down from the stables, a short walk down the path, they had a full stable of Welsh cobs, and her own Freisian. A stable hand took care of the horses, and rarely visited the house, the people staying at the barn often went there to ride. Today she was expecting a group of eight guys for a celebration, not something they often allowed but the owner had phoned her and said they would be fine. As they were all 60+ and she had told them the barns were alcohol free so as for them to not get rowdy she hoped. The owner said they were there to ride; all being seasoned riders just wanting a nice relaxing autumn week.
Joy was thankful the barn only allowed adults to stay, it meant most of the time the place was fairly quiet, and the clients nice. She had no problems so far, other than the occasional errant husband trying to get Joy alone to flirt, which she shut down right away. Joy had long pale blonde hair, sky blue eyes, curves for days, and a generous bust, she was 40 and enjoying this quieter time, even If she did get lonely out here sometimes. There were always trysts to be had with bored young farmers, other riders, and locals. She stayed clear of the guests.
She enjoyed her tea and relaxed, the barn was ready for the guests and they would get entry using the key safe she had already text them details of. Chances were she wouldn't see them until this afternoon, when she would push over the BBQ set for them.
She was right, and although she heard laughter, and saw a few of the men, she didn't see them all until she took over the BBQ, that they rushed to help her with. She introduced herself and took a look at them, most over sixty, two of them probably late fifties. They were all surprisingly muscular and in good shape, explained as they said they were all ex-forces, and they still went riding often, as well as white water rafting and other outdoor pursuits. She smiled at their camaraderie and antics. They were all gentlemen, and it was a refreshing change.
She left them be, saying she may see them later that evening when they were having a BBQ. Joy went for a ride, and when she trotted past the group on horseback, she heard a few gasps and took the to be about her huge horse. Chuckling to herself when she heard a whisper about her breasts in the tight shirt, men were men, no matter their age. She galloped off after wishing them a good ride, tipping her head at the guide.
She got back later than the group, as she had gone further afield into the mountains, missing spring when she would have a break and dip her feet in the cool river. She was messy haired, and her tight jodhpurs had a few streaks of dirt when she sidled back to the house. She noticed a couple of the men give her looks up and down, smiling, she felt no threat as they were near enough decades older. Though she had to admit a few were quite handsome in that much older Daddy way, she shuddered, never had she, or would she call a man that. Unlike her friend Chelsea who delighted in stating who locally was 'Daddy material', Ugh!
She felt their eyes burning on her ass and she kicked into more of a sway as she waved an hello. She hopped in the shower and shivered, nipples hardening and her pussy wet as she felt needy. Nothing for it, she would have a toy session later that night, she couldn't leave the barn to go to town for a night while they had guests.
So she dressed in tight jeans, dried her hair and left it loose and wavy, and pulled on a sweater that was oversized and would keep her warm in the cool evening. She picked up some local meats and treats, taking them over to the barn. The men were all thankful and welcoming, and she sat with them awhile, listening to their fascinating stories and how they had all been friends for well over twenty years. It was interesting, and she found herself really enjoying it, staying longer than expected. One of the more forward guys in the group was Otto, and she caught him looking a few times as she smirked. He caught her smirk once and leaned over to whisper
"If you should feel the need, we sometimes share a gal, we're all gentleman, and I assure you that you'd have a hell of a good time"
Joy blushed bright red, she wasn't usually easy to embarrass, after all she had some pretty kinky adventures under her belt. Living rurally, she had also been acquainted with sex in the woods, fields, and outdoors in warmer weather. But she had never been with a group of men, what was the term? Gangbang? Although in this case that didn't feel like the right word. Either way, she had a threesome once, it had been awkward more than anything. But a group of men dedicated to her pleasure? Well...she had to take a few minutes to gauge an answer.
But her mind was saying a definite no, they were clients, she may lose her job, not to mention they were all old enough to be her grandfather, or near enough. She answered with something coy, and said she wasn't allowed to mix with guests in that manner, and they laughed it off.
But that night in bed, her favorite vibe on her clit and a thick dildo inside her, she pondered it. How many would it be, just one or two. Would the others just watch, or would it be all eight of them wanting her, wanting to fuck her. She wondered at how much of an ache she would have after taking eight cocks, how she would feel it the next day. She had heard her friend joke about fantasies of fucking the local football team and laughed it off as just horny girl talk.
She had never thought of group sex, or gang bangs, as something she may want, in porn they always seemed rough and degrading, all about the men's pleasure and not taking into account the woman. But she was smart enough to guess that wasn't always the case, imagine if they were all getting off on getting HER off?
She came at the thought, the distant sound of laughter and talking making her wonder even more. She tried to push it out her mind the next day, she really did, but it played on her mind more than she would like.
The men seemed to be extra polite and some flirty, but never in a threatening or gross way. She just smiled and let it wash past her. Until the second night when she was walking round the back of the barns, and she saw two shadows in the darkened smokers shed, none of the men smoked so she was confused. It was like a small wooden bus stop in appearance, with a bench under the little roof, and it offered privacy enough that she couldn't see them, but hear them.
It was two men, Otto being one, whispering to the other
"Imagine her tight, hot pussy and how beautiful and pink it would be after taking all of us, maybe shed even ask you to eat her out after hmm?"
There were slick noises, and she could see enough to know they were giving each other a hand as Otto talked dirty, wanking each other. Their heavy breathing and whispers turned her on, and she flushed and turned to leave. Only to drop the bridle she had been carrying, causing enough of a racket the two men got themselves decent and Otto dashed out. His slow smile when he saw her made her blush even more, and in that moment all she could think was 'I really want them'.
She had no idea she had actually said it until Otto's eyes widened and he nodded at her.
"Four of the guys turned in, but I can gather the others for now, and see how we go hmm? You want that?"
Joy nodded a yes please, feeling so fucking horny. He dashed off and she said she would be back, going to the house and freshening up. Pulling on a cotton dress that would be easy enough to pull off. The biggest barn apartment was huge, a VIP one, and it held a California king bed, and a circular lounge bed in the living room, so it would be the best place, Otto obviously thought the same as he led her in.
She was feeling shyer than usual, unsure of what to do, she was used to taking what she wanted with one partner, though granted she preferred partners who would guide her. But here she had no idea who to turn to. She kept forgetting names, and was standing there in the middle of the room feeling a bit lost. Joy LOVED sex, but this part, initiating it, she hated, she preferred the other party start and then she would be vocal during if she wanted something.
Otto seemed to sense her hesitance, and after a somewhat embarrassing chat about limits and what she liked, she opened the buttons atop her dress, letting her breasts spill out. Otto walked over and kissed her, a little eager with the nibbling her lips and she gasped, then she felt big hands lift and stroke her breasts from behind. She glanced the big Scottish guy who gave her a wink. Another set of hands lifted her dress and stroked her over her panties until she kicked them off.
She was pulled backwards onto a big muscular lap, and she hesitated to sit with all her weight, she was a big girl after all, but the man insisted and she was soon sat on his lap, grinding her ass back onto his hardening cock. They had all stripped and left her in her dress, which felt oddly erotic, her wetness gathered on her thighs as she was kissed, breasts palmed and massaged, and ears licked and nibbled. Their muttered praises just turned her on even more.
THIS is what she wanted, her threesome had been an awkward mix of her and a straight couple, all fumbling and unsure, someone always left out. This was the opposite, the men were obviously comfortable around and with each other, and hands that weren't on her, were sometimes straying to the others, stroking a cock or pulling them closer to her. She was caught up in a tangle of limbs, hot kisses, deep sucks and nibbles at her neck and tits.
The Scotsman, Theo they said, was grinding against her ass. Otto was rubbing at her pussy, delving a finger inside now and then, pulling it out glistening and letting a tall skinny brunette called Archie suck her juices off of it. The last man, he looked to be older, with thick silver hair and brown eyes, stroked his cock and her cheek, and she turned towards him, tongue out as he rubbed his cock on her tongue and moaned.
She noticed they all seemed fairly well endowed, but Theo behind her, felt huge. She licked and sucked at the cock in her mouth, moaning at the feel of so many hands on her. Otto helped her slip out of her dress, and they had laid a sheet over the bed. She was pulled up and kissed deeply by the Scotsman, she had never had such a filthy kiss, his tongue fucking her mouth. She was laid back on the bed, her legs open as they all stared at her and she looked away.
At this point she lost all track of who was who, ceasing to worry about forgetting names, the Scotsman, huge strong guy that he was, dwarfed even her as he leaned over her, slipping on a condom and pushing inside her pussy slowly. Someone else stroked her tits, sucked her neck, Otto she thought sat behind her, his hard cock rubbing against her back as he stroked her all over.
The last guy pulled her hand over to his cock and she squeezed and stroked, losing rhythm as she cried out at the Scotsman fucking her deeper. He was easily the biggest, and almost too big, she lay there and moaned, whimpered and enjoying her whole body being bathed in pleasure. At a sharp suck at her neck she came hard around the Scotsman, who thrust a few more times and came with a groan.
He was soon replaced by Otto, who slid inside and moaned at how hot she was, hands were all over her, and whenever she felt she needed less they listened and moved back a little, letting her catch her breath. Otto was savage and she could already feel the bruising her hips would have tomorrow. But his slightly curved cock felt good, and hit her g spot perfectly. She came panting the second time, lost in the clenching of her pussy, the suckling at her tits and the cock in her hand.
The next was the older guy, and he took it steady, drawing out her pleasure and making her beg to cum before he fucked her deeply and someone else flicked her clit and made her scream as she came again. The last was the tall guy, and he moved her onto the Scotsman lap, whose half hard cock sat against her ass. The last guy fucked her slow and deep, as the Scotsman whispered filth in her ear. Saying if she could, he would be fucking her now again, with the other guy in her ass.
She shivered at the thought and he smirked into her neck asking if she liked the thought, she nodded. The last guy fucked her rough until he came, then otto got down and ate her ate until she came one last time, tears leaking from her eyes and body sated and still tingling.
They all praised her, and she was helped into the shower and washed. They then, much to her insistence, all bid her a goodnight as the Scotsman took her back to her room and left her with a sweet kiss on the top of her head, and a thank you.
She had laughingly joined a chatroom with them all, and they all messaged goodnight and thanks.
She flopped on her bed, pussy throbbing, worn out, and so sated, more so than she had ever felt. She grabbed her pillow and laughed, completely in disbelief at what she had just done.
It was when the Scotsman said he and Otto would be happy to pop her anal cherry should she want it, that she blushed again. Eager, but shy, even after all that.
The day after, the rest left for a trip, but the Scotsman Theo, and Otto knocked on her door, she had prepared exactly as they advised, cleaning her ass thoroughly with an enema to be certain, though they had said a shower should be fine she was worried.
She was in just a short nightgown, and they both checked she still wanted to go ahead, she did, so Theo kissed her deeply as Otto stroked her all over to warm her up. Pulling off their clothes and her nightgown. They had discussed Otto would be the one to fuck her if she wanted to go ahead, as his cock, though still fair sized, was not as huge as Theo.
She felt SO taken care of, kissed, eaten out, stroked and worshiped, then Theo had licked across her ass, making her flinch, he looked up to check she was ok and she nodded. It felt so weird, he ate her ass eagerly, one of his long fingers always pushing at her pink hole but not yet delving in. Otto distracted her by licking at her sweet spot on her neck.
When Theo slipped a finger inside her, slick with silky lube, she froze, it felt odd and it took a moment to breath and try to relax. It took longer than she expected, one finger leading to two, leading to her biting at Otto's arm as Theo's fingers moved inside her, stretching her patiently. The odd stretch moved to a pleasurable one, and she panted on his fingers.
When he added more lube and started to push in three, she whimpered, and it took lots of coaxing to get her to relax, fingers at her clit helping.
When he pulled his fingers out, she cried out, wanting them back, she could feel herself still open as they moved her and muttered about how hot she looked. He vanished to brush his teeth as she insisted after that, even as spotless clean as she had been.
They had advised she ride Otto the first time, but she didn't feel ready, so Theo sat back on the bed, and she was on all fours, leaning on Theo's shoulders as Otto pushed his fingers, and more lube inside her ass. She shifted her hips and he chuckled, slapping her ass.
Theo pulled her forward to palm her tits as Otto slipped on a condom and she felt his head push at her hole. She stilled, looking Theo in the eye as Otto pushed in glacially slowly, she cried out, trying to push out as they had told her. But the fierce push of Otto's head as it popped inside her ass made her pant and feel pinned. Theo stroked her cheeks as she screwed her eyes shut whimpering and Otto stilled muttering a curse at how tight she was clenched around him.
Bit by bit, Otto pushed inside her virgin ass, and she wondered why she had waited so long, it hurt for sure, stretching her in ways she felt wasn't possible before. But the dull pain was settling into a deep filthy pleasure the likes of which she had never known. She had ridden past a farmyard once, catching sight of a farmer anally fucking a woman in the bushes. She had wondered at why the woman was so verbal and so into it, thinking it couldn't possibly feel as good as vaginal sex.
But dear God she was wrong, it felt so fucking good, and now she understood that woman in the bushes. She moaned, cried out, bit Theo's shoulder, and was begging for more as Otto took it slow. The slick feel of the silky lube just making the slide all the better. Theo sat up and stroked her clit now and then, and she was throbbing. Needing to cum so badly.
Otto was more vocal than ever, telling Theo how savagely tight she was, how he felt so damn lucky to have this, her first time. They praised her, and Otto kissed and nipped at her back and neck as he slowly thrust inside her ass, deeper until he was fucking her with his full length and she was letting out a choked breathless moan at each thrust. They spoke over her, saying how some of their other friends would love her tight ass.
Joy had thought she would likely need more stimulation to cum from anal, as she had read it wasn't always possible to do so. So, she was shocked when, Theo was palming her tits as they swung with Otto's now more sure thrusts, and he hit something and she came so hard she lost her breath after a grunt. She had squirted all over Theo and the bed; she shuddered as Otto pushed inside her and groaned as he came into the condom.
She slumped onto her side and lay panting and shivering with sensation after Otto had pulled out as she whimpered at the empty feeling. She felt like she wanted something back inside her, and she suddenly saw the appeal of butt plugs. She could feel herself gaping as Theo pulled at her rim and with a grunt and a few yanks of his big cock he came all over her ass and back. They cleaned her up, and Otto left her a bottle of water as they left.
She felt out of it, how the fuck had it felt so damn good?
She must have drifted off, and when she woke and showered, she was glowing, sated and wanting even more. Losing her anal virginity had only made her all the hornier, and all the more determined to see if she could take all eight of the guys in various ways.
She hummed a tune as she walked with somewhat of a hobble to the barn later that evening, blush high on her cheeks.