Chapter 16 - Gina and Karen get to go Skirt Shopping and Showing
Karen wakes up Friday afternoon to a text message from Gina telling her she is on the way to pick her up to go shopping, her red boobs and crotch on fire having slept off the hangover from the day before, even the cold shower made her sunburn sizzle with pain.
She gets up taking a long shower under the cool water trying to remember yesterday.
She thinks back to what she can recall, naked on the boat, dancing in the bar on the island, walking back to the boat naked, riding around nude in the car. Then remembering it was with John, not her husband, and then the walk on the beach.
The doorbells rings around 3:30, but she has yet to put anything on, not wanting anything brushing against her sensitive boobs and nipples. She pulls on a towel knowing it is Gina, the big fluffy towel stings her sunburn. Opening the door a bit to peek out to make sure it is Gina. She is wearing her micro mini skirt and a paisley blouse with only one button holding it closed, Karen invites her inside doing a double take at her sexy skimpy outfit, realizing the top is see-thru.
"Girl, do you always dress this sexy? My tits are so burnt because of you two, I don't know if I will be able to wear clothes for a week!" She drops the towel down after closing the door and turning around to face Gina and show her the damage. Gina smiles seeing her now bright red firm and young supple looking large "C" breast topped with her burnt small nipples.
"Ouch, that's a bit red, told ya you need to tan the rest of you!" Gina giggles. "We need to go find you a loose dress or tank top to put on for today."
She rolls her eyes at Gina, "I don't dress like..." Gina just cuts her off.
"That's the old you, let's go look." She heads towards Karen's bedroom and into her huge walk-in closet sliding hangers down looking through her expensive but modest dresses and outfits. A section of teddies and slips catches her eye towards the end of the lower rack.
"Oh what about this, it looks nice and loose and very breezy!"
Karen a bit shy tells her, "That's a nightie silly!"
Gina giggles, "Today it is a dress, here put it on!" pulling it from the hanger tossing it to her.
"You're crazy, this isn't something you wear in public!" she says making an excuse not to wear it shopping, Gina ignoring her giving her an eye roll.
She slips it on, the thin straps hang loose over her shoulders showing off a hint of red cleavage and a bit baggie on her around her waist just covering her singed butt cheeks, "See I told you, it's not for wearing in public!"
"No that's perfect, let's get going we can take my car!" She heads out before Karen can argue, taking her by the hand.
Karen follows her, feeling the loose satin material barely touching her sensitive sunburnt skin, Gina not having given her time to slip on any panties, not that her sunburn would tolerate it against her skin. "Gina, really, this isn't proper, I am practically naked, again!"
Gina just smiles at her watching her nipples moving freely under the material.
Once out the front door, Karen sees the open top Jeep she is driving today and not her convertible. "Are you serious, my nightie will be all over the place riding in that!"
Gina laughs, "It is a dress today. Look at what I am wearing; do you think I stayed covered on the way over here?"
"But there is nothing under this thing!" she again makes excesses.
Gina just laughs at her "Get in the fucking Jeep pussy!" As she sits down her micro-mini skirt rides up, the remainder of her uncovered thighs exposing her lack of panties. She cranks up the jeep while Karen is still trying to figure out how to get in lady like, her nightie only a bit longer than Gina's skirt, but still shows off a lot of bare sunburnt thighs.
It is not long and they are on I-95; Gina cutting her eyes over at Karen doing her best to keep the hem down in her lap, as the thin straps and top blows about, giving brief flashed her sunburnt boobs and nipples, her face a bit redder now embarrassed by her sober exposure. Gina's own skirt flipped up to her waist as she giggles, allowing herself to be exposed as she passes trucks on the Interstate, flashing smiles to those who notice her.
Gina yells over to her, "Let it go, stop covering up, and have some fun!"
Catching up to a truck, the driver a young black guy, Gina slows the jeep as she gets even with the cab. His eye first seeing Karen and then Gina even more exposed, starts to go from Karen to Gina and back again as he yells to them both, "Come on ladies, let's see what you got!" Gina's pussy already exposed to him, but with her thighs together all he can see is her lack of panties.
Gina smiles at Karen then reaches up and releases the one button holding her top closed, it immediately blows back and over off her shoulders revealing her two big tanned tits to the guy. She then speeds off as he tries to accelerate and catch up with them as they both laugh at what Gina just did.
"You are fucking cra-cra girl!" Karen yells to her in the windy open jeep, trying to hold the hem down and keep the hair from her face.
Gina holding the steering wheel with her knee as she re-buttons the one top button on her blouse. "They are just boobs, show what you got, cuz you got some that are worthy of sharing!" Karen just smiles shaking her head 'no' at Gina's craziness.
It is not long before Gina is exiting the interstate and flipping back around on the frontage road. Karen just watches as they pull up in the parking lot of the adult toy store, seven other vehicles in the parking lot, "This is where I got my outfit for the tournament, and where we are getting yours!"
Karen did not argue, knowing she had no choice now knowing it was her husband's request for Gina to help and represent the firm, she knew she was just as obligated to volunteer after he volunteered Gina. Moreover, she wanted to show Brian, her husband, she could be just as sexy and daring as his best friend's wife, who he himself likes to ogle every chance he gets.
"Oh My God, Gina, I have like a herd of butterflies going on in my stomach, but I am going to go through with this, I want Brian to stare at me like he stares at you sometimes!" She said timidly.
The two of them climb from the jeep, again Gina not caring, Karen still trying to be lady like in the sexy nightie she is wearing as a dress. "You know I have never been in one of these stores before," Karen admits to her.
They walk up the creaking wood steps and go inside, as Gina suspected, there is a cashier and six other men pursing the books and videos.
"Well hay there young lady, glad to see you came back to shop with us, and you brought a girlfriend!" the cashier smiles at Gina remembering her last visit. All the men turn to check out to two sexy dressed women as they head to the clothing section.
Karen realizing how short Gina's skirt is with her cheeks peek out as she follows her through the store. Gina picks out a traditional red plaid schoolgirl skirt, just as short as the one she is presently wearing and holds it up in front of Karen, she starts to say something but stops, just looking at the tiny garment.
Gina hands it to her, "Put this on, let's see how it looks."
She starts to look around, "Just pull it up under what you're wearing silly."
Taking it off the hanger, she then steps into it, tugging it up her hips, holding the nightie up to fasten the velcro tab, "I need a smaller size, this one is too loose."
Gina looks for a smaller one and hands it to her as she is dropping the other one to her ankles, stepping out of it, all the men looking on, pretending they are not, she squats down to pick it up keeping her knees closed tight together.
"That one looks shorter," she tells Gina who just smiles back, knowing Karen is a bit taller than she, just like Sherrie.
Karen tugs it up her thighs and again holds her nightie up so she can fasten it showing off her tight ripped abdomen to her admirers. She feels the skirt with her hand under the dress. "Gina, my ass is showing! I mean really showing!" As she turns to look back at the men smiling behind her.
"Well push it down on your hips off your waist and let's see," Gina suggests.
Karen does her best to push it down while trying to cover up with her dress, but it is not really working, Gina finally tells her, "Just take that dress off so we can see the skirt." Karen, stares at her shocked that Gina just told her to take it off in front of all these people with nothing under it to conceal her impressive firm sunburnt boobs.
Before she can really react, Gina reaches up sliding the straps off her shoulders and down her arms exposing her sunburned nipples and boobs, pushing it lower over her hips. Karen just swallows hard. A bit in shock, she can feel her face turning red but her sunburn conceals the blushing. She looks up to see the men all-looking her way, no longer pretending not to look.
Her initial reaction is to cover her boobs with her hands; she can feel the tingle of the burn as her hands cover her still hard nipples.
"Relax," Gina whispers, actually pulling the plaid skirt lower on her hips to cover her sunburnt pussy, that Karen had not realized was showing, as well as a lot more of her butt cheeks.
"Turn around for us." Gina smiles seeing her hard round ass which causes the skirt to ride a bit over her round butt cheeks a little extra high in the back. "Perfect," Gina tells her.
Gina reaches over and grabs a white cropped top with long ties and hands it too her. Karen turn's her back to the men and let's go of the boobs to slip into it and tie it closed. Tying it snug to keep her boobs covered properly, her nipples trying to slip free due to her size and the low cut of the top, Karen ties it too tight for Gina's liking and is instructed to loosen it a bit.
"Damn you look hot in this!" Gina tells her.
"Well, I feel naked like my boobs are about to fall out." She replies.
Gina gives her a wink, "Let's hope so," and pulls the tags from the top and skirt, grabbing a pair of black knee socks. She picks up Karen's garment from the floor, bending at the waist to flash a few of the guys watching them. She goes to the register to pay for the items Karen is now wearing.
"Wait! I can't wear this outfit home, I am, Gina I am almost naked, what if someone Brian or I know sees me?"
"Don't worry, we aren't going straight home!" She snickers, Karen looks a bit shocked and worried as Gina signs the credit card receipt then heads towards the door, "You staying here or coming with me?"
Gina had not bothered to tug her own micro-mini skirt down since arriving, so she had been flashing a lot of her butt to the men in the store the whole time. Once outside Karen hurries to catch up asks her, "What does John think about you showing off your ass and everything else to total strangers like you do?"
Gina smirks, "You mean guys like Brian who love it when I stop by the office? Let's just say he enjoys the benefits of how showing off excites me. When we first dated in college, well I showed off a lot then, did lots of contests that required exposed skin to win and let's just say I won a lot. That's what attracted him to me, my wild desire to be an exhibitionist, he thought I was going to end up being a stripper."
The two of them climb into the jeep, this time there is no lady like way for Karen to accomplish the move with half her ass already exposed.
"You are so brave, I know because Brian mentions you often to me and points out others when we go out commenting on how daring they are, but I never realized you were so, such a showoff," She giggles. "But I did notice a long time ago you dressed a bit sexier that most of the other wives.
"Well maybe deep down he wished his wife was a bit more of a showoff like me, ever think that? I had lost the desire for several years little by little and then we had some young college guys move in next doors, this jeep belongs to one of them, and with John's encouragement and their appreciative gawking, the spark rekindled and now I just can't get enough," Gina further explains.
"I do have to admit, it was a bit embarrassing in there, but it was also very exciting as well, you have no idea how moist I am at the moment." As she looks down at her closed thighs and the skirt high up on her hips now as short as Gina's, neither one meant to be wore while sitting down, she realizes how much people passing the jeep will be seeing of her bare thighs, hips, and lack of panties, not to mention her exposed cleavage and no bra.
"Just so you know, we all have a bit of an exhibitionist streak weather we want to admit it or not. That's why you are feeling that dampness between your thighs!" Gina giggles.
Hitting the Interstate, Karen's natural reaction is to keep pushing the skirt down as it blows up from the wind, but it is really useless. "So you said we aren't going home, where are we going?"
Gina just grins at her heading south on I-95, the wind blowing both their skirts around their waists, Gina's mostly unbuttoned blouse showing off her flat tummy. Finally slowing they exit onto Sunset Blvd. heading towards the beach.
They then turn onto A1A, the late afternoon traffic is starting to back up on the beachfront boulevard as the two of them are being called out by the young college age guys on the sidewalks seeing their bare thighs up to their hips.
"Gina, all these guys are checking us out, this is craziness!" Karen says pulling what she can on her skirt down to try and cover herself, her face now as red as her sun-burned tits again.
Laughing Gina reaches up and releases the last button on her blouse, without the wind no longer pushing the open blouse back over her shoulders like earlier in the afternoon. With her leaning back though, it opens down the center showing off her firm cleavage. "I love teasing these college boys; you should untie that knot and try it too!"
"Oh lord, I am not ready for that yet!"
Gina's shifting of the manual transmission gives the lucky few flashes of her big firm jiggling boobs as they make their way down past the restaurants. She turns onto 5th Avenue, parking just off A1A near the Treasure Trove Sports Bar, a little no thrills bar where locals hang out.
"We aren't going in there are we?" Karen looks over at Gina and her mostly exposed boobs.
"Maybe when we return," she buttons her blouse a lot lower this time at her waist, again only one button allowing the top to now gap open from the top to her waist. "Come on let's go grab a drink or three!"
They get the people's attention hanging out at the sports bar, with the outside tables and huge wood windows that are open, it gives patrons an outside view of the sidewalk. They slide out the Jeep seats in the not so modest skirts and head towards A1A. They then cross A1A to the beach side to walk along the seaside walkway nearest to Lauderdale beach, which is a bit crowded with people headed to the bars after work and the sunbathers headed home or to their hotels.
Karen nervously asks Gina, "Is my ass showing as much as yours is?"
"Just think of it as if you're wearing a thong on the beach showing off your butt, and no, yours is shorter because of that ass you got and you're a bit taller than I am!" Gina giggles as she tells her.
She attempts to tug it down but realizes again, it only exposes the top of her butt crack, and in a matter of a few steps, it slips back up again. "I don't wear thongs!" she laughs.
It's not quite a quarter mile of being ogled by men and women before they cross back over at the Elbo Room Club and continue north up A1A to the Rock Bar. Karen follows Gina to one of the sidewalk tables and slips up on one of the stools facing the beach, and the people walking by, flashing Karen and a few others her bare pussy in the process.
Karen starts to take a stool with her back to A1A. Gina shakes her head no, "Over on this side with me sweetie, you're in training and you can see who is watching you from this side!"
Karen moves around and does her best not to flash anyone, but the skirt is way too short and quickly sits closing her thighs, only to reveal her lack of panties as a waiter comes up from behind them, then around to stand next to them so he can see their faces as he talks to them, sliding coasters in front of them. "And what can I get you two?" As he looks at Gina's exposed cleavage and slightly spread thighs giving a hint of the slit through the glass top table, then over to Karen just as exposed, her top having shifted a little.
"We will have two cherry martinis please, and as soon as you bring them give us about ten minutes and bring us a second round if you don't mind." He just smiles taking in the beauty and exposure of the two ladies.
He quickly returns with their drinks, looking down to see Gina's thighs a bit more apart, not even watching where he is setting the two glasses. She smiles at him reaching over to get a debit card from her purse, knowing her top has fallen away. She hands it to him and gives him a wink, sitting back to allow her top to cover her breasts.
She turns to Karen, "Did you catch all that, that young man will be back in five minutes with our second round and will make sure we get everything we want!"
Karen turns a bit red again when Gina tells her, "It's your turn, move those knees apart a bit, just to see if he notices."
"But what about the people walking on the sidewalk in front of us, they are already looking at us, I don't know if I can!"
Gina smiles at her, reaching out placing her hand inside Karen warm thigh. She can feel the lite pressure from Gina's hand and allows her to move her leg in Gina's direction. She gasps and looks around as Gina's hand moves a bit higher, then runs her pinky finger through her slit as she removes her hand. "Leave your legs like that!" she winks at her.
It takes all of Karen's will power to do as Gina told her as she watches, mostly guys doing double takes followed by smiles looking under their table.
Karen whispers to Gina, this is so embarrassing, but I think if you touch me again like that, I will have an orgasm right here, I feel like I am seeping down there.
Gina just giggles at her, "Show a little more, and you won't need my touch."
Karen blushes, making eye contact with two young businessmen in suits, watching their faces as her knees move a little farther apart. Gina can see her breathing increasing as they watch her walking south up A1A. "And here you go ladies," setting down two more martinis and looking down between Karen thighs at her smooth bare sunburnt puffy lips, the excitement having had an effect on her.
She just smiles and thanks him, knowing he in a mere few foot away looking down at her bare spread pussy, placing a drink on the glass top table in front of her.
When he walks away Karen's jaw drops, grabbing Gina's thigh, "Oh shit I think I made a wet spot on this stool!"
"Told you it was exciting to show off!" Gina places her hand on top of Karen's giving it a squeeze.
They finish their second round of drinks as Gina orders a third round and closes out the tab when the waiter returns. She smiles seeing Karen's thighs a bit more apart for the young waiter. "Yes ma'am" he says, "And I hope I can see more of your ladies in the future. I will be right back with your card and bill." He winks at Karen before leaving.
He quickly returns setting down their drinks and taking the empty glasses, looking over at Gina's more open top, her tanned left breast on display, not even a hint of tan lines.
Karen giggles when he is out of hearing range. "Oh shit Gina, did you hear him before he left last time, he wants to see more of me. I mean how much more, flash my boobs like you?"
Gina laughs at her, "Oh am I?" She looks down to see her top open, "Depends on how daring you want to get, you can adjust that top a bit, show him how sunburnt your chest, I mean there ain't much more you can show him or them down there," nodding towards people looking her way from the sidewalk, "You are about as exposed as you can be down there without being rude!"
She closes her legs, covering her face acting shy, "I am so wet right now, I have never been like this in public before!"
Before she can do anything, the waiter returns handing Gina the bill and her card.
He looks down a bit disappointed waiting for Gina to sign the receipt. Karen downs the almost full glass, smiles up at him and thanks him, then turns in his direction and spreads her legs to slide off the stool, she can feel the stool pulling her skirt higher over her ass, her legs spread a lot un-lady like, letting him peek at her glistening spread labia and clit.
She waits for Gina and the two of them are off headed back up A1A, giggling and laughing about the teasing they had just done.
"Oh Lord Brian would kill me if he knew what I just did, but you know what, I liked it like you said I would, where we going next?"
Looking at her phone, Gina tells her, "It is still early for the dance clubs, they don't get going for another few hours, we can stop for another drink or two around the corner at that dive bar or the Elbo Room."
Gez girl, I can feel the martini's we just finished, I am a bit buzzed already!" Karen giggles, watching guys checking her and Gina out as the walk.
The make their way down A1A as the sun is setting, arriving at the stairs leading up to the Elbow Room, Gina takes her hand pausing briefly she looks at her phone to waste a few moments, waiting for the right time. She knows they are already drawing a lot of attention in their short ultra miniskirts.
Just as a small group of millennials guys start towards the stairs Gina pulls Karen toward the steps cutting off the guys. They all just stare at the hot older women who cut them off with her tit's half exposed and watch as more and more of their asses come into view as they climb higher.
They hear one of them say, "Holy Shit, they ain't wearing any panties at all!"
They just giggle as Karen instinctively reaches back with both hands to push the skirt down only to find most of her ass is exposed to them. Looking back at the guys, "No bras either," Gina tells them, her twisted body exposing her bare left boob to them as they continue to hurry up the stairs and into the bar.
Karen giggles, "Slow down, I am about to pop out this top!"
As they look for a table to sit at, Gina sees her friend Drew, one of the waiters and calls out to him. He stops what he is doing and heads straight too her giving her a big hug. "Girl I could see all your charms from over there, I just love it when you wear this skirt!" then he kisses her on her cheek. "And who is this baby doll with you, she's a little Goddess, and you musta picked out her skirt as well!"
Karen giggles, "Oh you like it," giving the already too short front a little lift as she curtsies flashing Drew, giving him a better view under her skirt and her lack of panties as well.
"Oh we getting a double show tonight, who is the birthday boy this evening?" Drew asks her.
Gina laughs giving him another hug, "No, No, nothing like that, we just decided to dress up slutty and tease a little bit tonight."
He smiles, "Well it sure as hell is working sweetie, I think you have everyone's attention already, what can I get you two?"
While talking to Drew, Paul and Brian from next doors realizes the girl showing off her legs and boobs is Gina and a friend, who had just entered the bar and had everyone staring at them. They immediately get up from their table and head across the floor to where Gina is near the bar talking to Drew.
"Ms. G, your looking fucking incredible as usual, and who is your new friend?" As they all give her hugs wanting to feel those nearly completely exposed firm breast pressing up against them.
"Oh, this is my friend Karen, her husband works with John, we decided on a girl's night out and figured we would dress up and do some teasing!" she giggles as the guys eyes take in the tiny skirts and exposed cleavages of the older ladies.
"Well why don't you and Karen come join us at our table, just a few guys from the baseball team?"
Drew tells Gina he will bring their drinks over, she gives him another hug, lifting her arms up around his neck causing her top to open a bit more, flashing those close enough to see it spread open. She thanks him for always taking care of her.
Paul points to where several guys are waving at her, telling her to head that way,
the two guys fall in behind them watching their half exposed lower ass cheeks peeking from under the bouncing micro miniskirts. They just look at each other and grin, both knowing Gina doesn't wear panties and hoping Karen doesn't either.
The guys at the table stare watching to two very exposed ladies headed their way. Karen's boobs pushed to the center of her top that is tied closed just under her ample jiggling breasts. And Gina's boobs moving freely under the loose open top with only one button holding it closed at the bottom. Brian is quick to introduce the other guys to Gina and Karen as they just stare in amazement at the two beautiful MILF's standing before them showing off their cleavage and legs protruding from under the extremely short plaid schoolgirl skirts.
Two of the college guys hop off their stools offering them to the two women, Karen quickly slides up on the one nearest to her not realizing the show she is about to give. Feeling a bit tipsy from the drinks earlier, the cool wooden seat reminds her of her lack of panties and the shortness of her skirt, not even looking down to see how short it has become with her sitting. The guys behind her, unintentionally, are concealing her exposed ass from the rest of the bar.
Gina sits on the other vacant stool leaving one of the guys between the two of them. She's not as lady like when she climbs up, spreading her thighs to get situated, her being a bit shorter than Karen and the guys around them. Several of the guys taking note of her blatant lack of anything under her skirt, others watching her shirt now gapping open to reveal hints of her hard nipples in the dimly lighted corner.
Paul continues to explain how he and Brian know Gina, telling them about her doing the Keg stand at the Tiki party and her grass skirt being pulled off and how her husband didn't seem to mind her being naked in front of everyone. Of course, also telling them about her stripping for Henry right here in this bar a while back. One of the guys asking, "Stripping as in completely naked stripping?"
Brian tells him, "Nothing left but her thigh-highs and heels, I got the video to prove it!"
Drew walks up with two pink mixed drinks and two double shots of patron, "This round is on me sweetie!" He gives her a quick kiss on her cheek.
"I do remember you at that party, I thought you went to the college! You were the talk of the party the rest of the week," One the ball players tells the others.
Karen giggles, "You were naked, in here, dancing like a stripper? Wish I coulda seen that, you do have a rocking body Gina!"
Drew tells the guys, "I'm as gay as they come, and she gave me a woodie that night!"
Karen and Gina, giggling about the stripping comments, take the two shots and down them, Karen's nipples immediately become harder poking against the thin white satin material of her top.
Brian goes on to tell them, "Oh I posted her stripping to Porn Hub, it's quite a popular little video!" he tells Karen. "Some people just enjoy the naked in public videos more than those close up sex videos a lot of people post, they all seem so fake."
Her mouth drops open as she stares at Gina laughing about it.
Paul standing behind Gina checking out her ass cheeks, the skirt hiding nothing it is so short now. He has always been to one to test the limits with Gina, leans in reaching around her waist and releases the one button on her top. "Show these guys how incredible your boobs are Ms. G!" Then sliding the top off her shoulders. With no back to the stool, it drops loosely to her elbows. Karen looks on a bit surprised as well as the other guys there with Paul and Brian.
The guys are silent as they stare at her firm round tanned exposed breasts, Paul, the one to be least trusted, unlike the rest of the guys that live next doors says, "She likes to lay out in the back yard like this too!" He continues to coax her to straighten her elbow out so he can pull the top from her arm, knowing she had no problem being naked in this bar before.
Gina laughs at him, "I didn't plan to come here to strip tonight again!" Paul knowing after a bit of alcohol, Gina is more than willing to expose herself and he takes advantage of this fact, pulling the sleeve over her wrist and free of her arm, leaving it hanging on the other side by her forearm.
Karen seizing a chance for pay back and tells her, "Damn girl you mind well just take it off now!" Reaching across the guy between them, he smiles as Karen smashes her firm boob into his arm, pulling it free from her other arm. This time the guys all cheer as Gina lets her. Paul emblazoned by half stripping her of her top and reaches around rolling her nipples between his fingers making them much harder.
She finally pushes his hands away laughing at him, "I am already horny enough, I don't need your help!" The other college guys laughing and cheering, Karen having tossed Gina's top on the table. Paul now has a hand resting on her bare ass feeling how tight it is from her weekly workouts, Gina not seeming to care.
Karen just watched as the guy half her age, had covered her big boobs with his hands and played with her nipples in front of everyone watching her. She is a bit shocked and deep down envious, knowing her own husband would never grope her in public like that, or even consider exposing her in such away, also knowing Gina's husband would encourage it and allow it.
One of the younger college baseball players takes Karen's hand, "Come on young lady, we have seen Gina dance, its your turn to hit the dance floor." Other guys encouraging her to join him. Karen a bit concerned he meant for her to strip like Gina did at the birthday party or just dance with him and the other guys.
She reluctantly follows the younger guy out. Already knowing her ass will be showing just like when she came in, but her being a lite weight having already passed her drinking limit to make wise decisions, has been surpassed. She giggles following him not even thinking to tug the skirt down.
The guys at the table all cheer, as several others see her walking from the table, the skirt well up on her thighs to the point she is displaying a bit of her smooth lips and almost her entire ass to everyone in the bar, reassuring those who thought maybe she wasn't wearing panties, that there were indeed none under the tiny skirt. The guy keeps hold of both hands while they dance to keep her from reaching down and keeping her at the edge of the dance floor so the guys can see her.
Gina tells Brian, "I need video of her tonight!" He smiles knowing his assignment and moves closer.
The guy dancing with her is intent on keeping hold of both her hands as her wiggling ass only encourages the skirt to climb higher on her hips. Karen has her own cheering section as the guy turns her while they dance making sure everyone gets a good view of the now bottomless beautiful married woman.
Gina snaps a few pictures herself, shooting one to John. Karen is facing her and had just unknowingly run her hands up her thigh bringing the skirt above her waist.
The crowd was cheering begging for more when she realized what she had done.
She just covered her face with both hands acting shy, but not bothering to tug the skirt down to cover herself.
When the song ended, she hurried back to the table laughing the whole way, bringing both arms up over her bouncing braless breasts. "Holy shit, I didn't mean to do that, I showed the whole bar my pussy!" As she is climbing back up on the stool again a bit less lady like.
Everyone at the table cheers and laughs at her, she picks up someone's drink and downs it.
Drew stops back at the table, "Damn girl, I thought you wasn't putting on a show tonight, but damn here you is rocking it! You sure got some pretty titties!" Then he looks over at Karen giving her a wink, his eyes dropping down into her cleavage, he drops off two more shots for the girls and heads off.
They stay chatting and drinking just a bit longer before Gina announces they are headed to Rock Bar to do some dancing. All the guys get up to leave with them having enjoyed having Gina sitting there topless the whole time and both of them practically bottomless.
Gina slips her top back on pulling it over her boobs, but not bothering to button it up. They both make adjustments to their skirts as the head out and down the stairs to the sidewalk.
Everyone passing doing double takes seeing Gina's boobs swaying free under the revealing top, as well as the skirts not really covering their asses. Brian continuing to video the two of them. Gina gives him a few flashes of the boobs as they walk towards the Rock Bar.
The bouncer sees her walking up and laughs, "Damn girl you are almost naked already, I enjoy seeing you come and party with us, and I see you have a new girlfriend, a young hot lady I might add!"
Gina reaches up to give him a big hug, he just watches as her top opens up when she wraps her arms around his neck. "You want me to just hang onto ya'll tops till your ready to leave?"
The guys all cheer encouraging them both to give up their tops, but the bouncer says, "I was just kidding!" But they all knew he wasn't.
Gina whispers to Brian, "Stay close, she is coming out of all that!" giving him a wink.
They all head to the bar the girls again drawing attention especially Gina with her top open and flashing boobs as she moves through the crowd. The girls getting double shots of Patron and Yuengling's, the guys all getting Budweiser's and Bud Lites. After the girls down their shots they move to the dance floor, the bar being packed and no tables available.
They are not on the dance floor long before Paul is pushing Gina's top off her shoulders again, her skirt having rode up to her hips again as she danced. She just allowed the top to rest at her elbows as people ogled her, some pointing her out to friends and stared at her big jiggling bare boobs. Paul tells her over the thumping music, "You should have given the top to the bouncer!"
She looks over at Brian, smiling knowing he is videoing her now. She plays with her skirt pushing it lower on her hips, down below her hip bones, her top dropping to her wrists. He just nods, rolling his hand telling her "More!" She pulls her left hand free, then tosses him the top.
Enjoying being the center of attention she turns around and bends over shaking her ass at Brian. Paul takes the opportunity to show more of her sliding the back of the skirt off her ass to her thighs, Brian zooms in a bit, seeing the only hint of white untanned skin on her body, the crease where her thighs and ass cheeks meet.
Karen seeing her reaches over running her hand over her bare ass down to her skirt. Then steps in behind her, moving her hands on each side of her skirt, she pushes it further down her thighs until it drops to the floor. She grinds her own bare pussy into Gina's naked ass, all the guys cheering them on as Gina dances naked in front of several hundred people. Her petite body with huge firm boobs jiggling and her round ass grinding into Karen and being groped by her and some of the guys they are with.
More guys are reaching in to get a feel until two of the bouncers break it up. They tell Gina she needs to put her clothes back on or leave the bar before they can't control what is happening.
The two women and a few of the guys move back to the table where Gina is helped back into her top, insisting on leaving it unbuttoned, but quickly realize she is missing her skirt that Karen pushed off her hips. Karen tells the guys it should be on the dance floor, but no one can see it and they really don't want to go hunting for it, still taking in her bare hips, ass and smooth pussy.
Karen laughs telling the guys, "She was intent was to strip me in here now look at her, she's the one who got too drunk to keep her clothes on!"
Paul telling her, "Yeah I was hoping to see your naked body though, you are a hot lady. I mean you are rocking that top and well we have already seen the rest of you not real covered by the skirt!! Care to untie that knot before we get kicked out?"
Karen just laughs at him, "I think we need to get Gina to her car before something happens that shouldn't!"
Brian agrees, "I was hoping to see those tits myself, but we have to look out for Ms. G here!" He is glaring at Paul as he is groping Gina's ass still, pushing the top off her tits. Brian makes a command decision to get Gina to her car so Karen can take her home.
Karen is still giggling at her, "Brian, you know that skirt, like mine really doesn't cover anything, so let's just get going!"
Paul agrees, telling her, "Yeah that top ain't covering much either, lets leave that here on the table!"
Karen smirks at him, "Sounds like something she would do to me, but let's not!"
Brian and one of the other guys pull her top closed, she doesn't allow them to button it asking them, "What, you don't like my tits?" They can't argue with her without causing a bigger scene and they head towards the door with the bottomless cougar, one boob covered, the other out of display.
Exiting the bouncers laughs, "Damn I should have offered to keep y'all skirts instead of your tops, I hope her car is near by, she's looking pretty damn hot like that, I mean she gots an ass for a lady her age!"
Karen laughs, "Maybe next time she will give you her top and skirt on the way in!"
All the guys at the door laugh telling her they would love to hang on to them and her clothes as well, he then tells one of the ex-football player looking guys to follow them to her car and make sure they don't have any problems.
Three of them argue a bit over who gets to go, but the one who asked her to get dressed wins the opportunity.
People along the way and in the bars are calling out to Gina and Karen who is almost as drunk as Gina, in their damn near naked outfits. Karen helping to keep Gina moving, has guys call out to her; to show her body to them, take off the top its doing no good anyway, show us those tits too, no need to be shy strip it all off.
Telling Karen she has too many clothes on, who has forgotten about her own skirt that's high on her hips once again.
Gina wants to stop at the Elbow Room Bar, but they all talk her out of it as they usher her to the parking lot on 5th Ave. The Bouncer, they didn't know was following them, pauses at the corner on 5th just to watch.
Paul offers to drive Gina's car, but Brian says he will do it, not trusting him. Karen likes the idea telling him he can drop her off first at her house, to which he agrees. They pour Gina into the back seat, which was fun for the guys who got final glimpses of her bending over to get in the back seat. As soon as Brian cranks her car, Gina, giggling, leans forward releasing the top and pushing the button to drop the cars top.
Gina announces we are getting naked and pulls the knot free on Karen's top, then grabs the back side pulling it up her back. She is trying to keep her top, none of the guys are helping her, having wanting to see her firm young boobs all night. She finally gives in letting Gina take it. Gina then peels off her top and drops them both on the floor board in the back seat.
Gina tells Brian, "Drive down A1A one last time, I want them fuckers to see our boobs one more time!"
He doesn't mind with Karen now next to him topless with her nice firm slightly slopped young looking boobs and hard small pink nipples on display. Brian turns onto 5th and heads towards A1A turning left. As soon as the guys on the balcony at the Elbow Room see Gina, they call out to her, several calling her by name. She quickly hops up on the top of back seat like a beauty queen in a parade waving at the people yelling down at her.
Brian adjusts the mirror to watch her, noticing her spread knees and wet pussy exposed to him. He then opens his phone, hits the video button and places it in Gina's phone holder, pointing it at her as she waves and yells back at people buck ass naked. Karen turns around in her seat begging her to get down before they all get in trouble. Gina tells her, "Come on and sit next to me this is fucking awesome!" Not realizing she is already flashing her boobs to everyone, sitting up on her knees backwards in the front seat.
Wanting to increase the erotic value of the video he is making, Brian also encourages Karen to climb in the back also and sit up on the back of the seat, the guys watching will love it. Gina reaches for Karen's arm, tugging her into the back seat with her, she is laughing and pretending to put up a fight, then moves her right leg to slide between the seats and step into the back of the car.
With her standing up to get in the back, Brian takes the opportunity to grab the back of her skirt pulling it down over her ass and down her thighs, stripping her.
She squeals which causes even more people to turn and look. Brian looks back to the screen to see her ass and puffy pussy lips as she moves to sit next to Gina.
Brian checks his phone to make sure he has them both in the frame and slowly drives north on A1A, not believing the video he is getting of their big bare boobs and knees apart showing off their smooth bare pussy in the streetlights of A1A.
When they make it to East Eau Gallie Blvd. to cross over the ICW headed to I-95, Brian tells them they need to get down, they are no longer on the beach. They laugh and giggle as they drop down into the back seat, discussing what they had done that afternoon.
When they turn into Karen's neighborhood she reaches down and gathers her top and skirt to get dressed, somewhat, to go inside. After getting out and closing the car door, they watch her walking to the front door and going inside. Gina had climbed over the seats and was now in the passenger seat next to Brian. She reaches over giving him a hug and kiss on the cheek, "Thank you for taking care of me and my friend!"
Before he is out of the neighborhood Gina is leaning against the passenger door napping, Brian can't help but look over at the nude beauty next to him.