Now 44 and officially un-hitched, Elizabeth adjusted to newly divorced life pretty seamlessly and easily. She was loving her freedom, her home, and her chance to create a new start for herself. Even not having her kid for days at a time wasn't as bad as she had originally anticipated. Yes, it sucked not having him around all the time, but having some time completely to herself - to be just Elizabeth and not Mom Elizabeth - was pretty awesome, she had to admit.
One tough thing about not having her kid around everyday though was trying to fill all of her free time. She did her best to pack her schedule: meeting with friends, taking walks, working out, watching shows, shopping, and doing chores around the house, but even still, there were a lot of hours to fill. And with time on her hands, she found herself often browsing and window shopping online for all sorts of things.
One such night, with nothing much to do, she found herself on VRBO looking at cabin rentals with hot tubs, mostly just daydreaming and creating a made up vacation in her mind. Until, that is, she stumbled on a cabin in a mountain town about an hour and a half away. With a private hot tub. With great reviews. Not too pricey. And with availability that coincided with her kid-free days. "Hmmmm," she thought to herself. "Free cancellation too? What the hell!" as she whipped out her credit card and made the spontaneous reservation.
A few days later, Elizabeth was down at Kyle's and they were sitting on his couch catching up. "Soooo, you know how I have all this free time now?" she said sheepishly. "Well, I got bored the other night and did something impulsive," she started, "....and I rented this cabin," she blurted out as she pulled up the VRBO listing on her phone. "Check it out," and she handed her phone to Kyle. "So, wanna go to New Hampshire with me next month? It's in the mountains, right near a state park" she explained, "....and it has a hot tub," she added in a sing-songy voice.
He chuckled. "Looks pretty awesome," as he scrolled through the pictures. "What dates?"
"It's two nights. Go up on December second and come back on the fourth. Think you can go?"
"I have to check with work. And I have to see if I have anything going on with the kids, but I think I should be free. Can I let you know next week?"
"Yeah, of course. There's free cancellation for another 3 weeks, so yeah..." she trailed off, excited that this mountain getaway/hot-tub/sexy-time trip with Kyle might actually happen.
Next week, he texted her and let her know the trip was a go and Elizabeth was thrilled!
------------
Fast forward a few weeks, and their trip was now just a day away. Elizabeth was excitedly packing and getting ready for their getaway:
Cold weather clothes? Check.
Snow boots? Check.
Card game? Check.
Toothbrush? Check.
Sexy undies? Check.
Toys? Lube? Check and check.
Bathing suit? No need.
She packed another bag full of snacks and drinks and was soon all ready to go.
Kyle arrived at Elizabeth's later the next morning as she was finishing up work. She snuck out of her Zoom call to give him a long kiss. Her heart always skipped a beat when she saw him. At just over six feet tall, he was slim but strong, with a neatly trimmed beard and matching buzz cut, sprinkled with grays. She thought he was handsome, rugged, and sexy as hell.
"This meeting was supposed to be over half an hour ago," she said with an eye roll "...but it should be over soon and then we can get going."
"No problem...I'll just chill on the couch until you're done," and he went to hang out in the living room until she finished up her call.
A few minutes later, she signed off the Zoom, closed out her email and shut everything down.
"All done!" she said as she joined him in the living room, plopping down onto him and bringing her lips to his. "Sorry, that took longer than I expected, but I told work not to bother me from here on out."
"No worries," he replied with a smile and a kiss. "You all packed?"
"Yep, all set. My bags are by the door. Just have to pee and then I think I'm ready to go."
Kyle packed her bags in his truck while she went to pee and shut off the lights and then she joined him in the truck.
"Ready?" he asked as she climbed into his truck.
"Ready!" she said enthusiastically and then leaned in for a little kiss.
"Which way do I go?"
"Super easy, just head over to Rt 104 and then we just stay on that for like an hour and a half and then we're practically there."
They headed off, stopping for lunch along the way. When they pulled into town, they popped into the grocery store to grab some food so they could cook some meals in the cabin. As they got back into this truck, Elizabeth got a text. "Ooooh! Cabin's ready early so we can check in now," she read out loud.
They arrived at the cabin a little after two in the afternoon and were impressed right off the bat. Calling it a cabin was a bit of an understatement. It was a big, cedar-sided house set amongst large pine trees in a sparsely populated neighborhood. "Wow, looks nice," Elizabeth remarked as they parked in the freshly plowed driveway. They unlocked the door and took a little tour of the place at first. A good size kitchen, living room/dining room combo with a wood stove, bedroom with a rustic four poster bed and a bathroom made up the main floor. Upstairs, there were two small bedrooms and downstairs there was another bedroom, bathroom and living area and, most importantly, access to the hot tub.
"I call the bedroom on the main floor. Which bedroom do you want?" Elizabeth teased.
Kyle laughed and gave her a kiss. "Very funny....let's go get our things and then maybe we can check out that hot tub."
They unpacked the truck and settled in quickly. They took their bags to the bedroom and Elizabeth was getting out the towels. "You serious about wanting to check out the hot tub now?" she asked Kyle who was standing near her next to the bed.
"Well, yeah. But first...." and he drifted off as he brought Elizabeth into an embrace, meeting his soft lips to hers. His hands pressed into her back, pulling her closer to him. At just 5'4", she had to stand on her tip-toes to approach his height. She reached her arms up around his neck, emitting soft little moans during their passionate kiss. They'd not seen each other for a few weeks so there was a lot of pent up passion and energy in that kiss.
Kyle gently leaned forward, laying Elizabeth down onto her back and then he crawled on top of her, their lips barely leaving one another's as they transitioned to the comfort of the bed. They continued their make out session for a few heated moments, their soft lips pressing together, their tongues darting in and out, their breaths and heartbeats speeding up. The weight of Kyle's strong body pressed upon hers, as well as the bulge she could feel in his pants, was turning her on immensely. She exhaled a deep and slow breath along with a soft moan.
Kyle eased off of the bed and reached down to unbutton Elizabeth's jeans. He peeled her jeans and panties off in one motion revealing her neatly trimmed mound. While he quickly undressed, she reached down and pulled her socks off and then whipped her shirt and bra off and laid back onto the bed. He then lay down over her, returning his lips to hers. The heat from his body and the heat of his erection added to the heat she was already feeling. They continued ravishing each other with kisses, their lips sometimes moving to each other's necks, ears, and shoulders. It was frantic and heated, sensual and impassioned.
They rolled onto their sides, their bodies still pressed upon one another, their hands caressing each other. Elizabeth intertwined her legs with his as they continued their fiery make out session. Kyle then eased away and spun himself around so they were now in a side lying sixty-nine. She positioned the foot of her top leg behind Kyle's head, giving him easy access to her wet pussy and she grasped Kyle's throbbing cock in her soft hand and guided him to her mouth, eagerly taking him in. Kyle wasted no time in reaching his tongue to her silky opening and he began lapping up her sweet, intimate juices. His tongue made broad, swirling strokes from her entry up to her clit while, at the same time, she hungrily moved her lips along his cock, drippily covering him in her saliva.
Her blowjob wouldn't have earned her any awards though. It was a frenzied mix of tongue and lips, licks and sucks, and Elizabeth tried her best to maintain pressure and focus on his manhood, but that was increasingly difficult as Kyle worked his magic on her snatch. She had to keep taking moments to catch her breath as small little orgasms welled up inside of her. When she returned her mouth to his shaft, she couldn't help but let out a constant, low moan. Kyle began rapidly flicking the tip of his tongue on her clit and that was it. She could barely stand it.
"Oh my god," she wailed, releasing her mouth from him. "I want your cock inside me now," she demanded as she pushed him onto his back. She spun around and straddled atop him and sank her body deep onto his cock, his thickness filling her up, inch by inch.
"Fuuuuuuuuuuck that feels good," she said, breathlessly as their bodies connected in the most intimate of ways.
She began pulsing her muscles on his penis as his strong hands slid up her thighs, over her hips and then to her ass. Biting her lower lip, she arched her back slightly, pressing her 38B breasts forward. She ran her hands through her shoulder length brown hair, pulling her head back slightly as she did so. They stared deep into each other's eyes, the blue of their eyes like the blue heat of a flame. She pulsed, gyrated and rode his cock in this position for a few minutes, loving every second of it and loving every little twinge of his dick within her.
Kyle then moved himself to sit upright a bit more, leaning back on the pillows against the headboard and this new angle allowed Elizabeth to press herself even deeper onto his cock. His hands reached under her ass, giving her an assist as she gained speed on his member. Up and down she rode him, her breasts bouncing in motion with her movements.
After a few minutes of riding him like that, she repositioned her legs, so they were behind Kyle and she guided him to sit fully upright. He bent his legs behind her and their hands pressed into each other's backs. Sitting like this, so intimately connected, they paused their movements and, instead, she just squeezed her muscles on him. They held each other tight, her breasts pressing into his chest, their mouths and lips coming together, devouring each other with kisses.
Kyle then took over, managing to reposition the two of them while keeping his cock deeply rooted inside of her. He lifted Elizabeth up and then eased her onto her back, laying his body on top of hers. "Nicely done there, mister," she said with a chuckle.
"I got skills," he jokingly returned and then he began quickly pounding into her warm, velvety tunnel. The bed squeaked and rocked slightly with each powerful thrust. With her legs wrapped around his, her hands wrapped around his back, and her nails digging in lightly to his skin, she pulled him closer with each downward thrust and tightened her muscles around his cock.
Both kind of normally quiet and reserved, Elizabeth turned into the loud one in the bedroom, and she spouted a whole range of expletives, screams and moans as Kyle pressed into her.
"Fuck, fuck, fuck! Oh my god!" she screamed. She had been craving his cock for the past few weeks and he felt soooooo good.
She tried to wriggle her hand down to her mound so she could rub her nub and add to the pleasure but, instead, Kyle disengaged and flipped her over onto her stomach, seemingly, in one fluid motion. He hurriedly rammed his cock back into Elizabeth's wet entry and she let out an "ooooooooh god" at the sensation.
She managed now to slide her hand underneath her and the added friction between her clit, her hand and the bed took her right to the edge. "Oh my god, please don't stop!" she begged. A monstrous orgasm was swelling inside her. "Don't stop, don't stop, don't stop!" And within seconds, her body was shuddering from her shoulders to her toes. Little spasms rippled through her and she let out an enormous exhalation. Kyle took a pause from his action and leaned down to her, meeting her lips in a kiss before sitting back upright and dragging his fingers along her back.
"Holy shit....You don't know how much I've been wanting that these past few weeks," she said to him while still catching her breath.
"I think I could guess...probably about as much as I've been wanting you these past few weeks," he said to her while taking the moment to pull her ass back towards him, giving her a playful slap on the cheek.
With her ass in the air and forearms on the bed, he ran his thumb over her wet opening and to her asshole and Elizabeth let out a little gasp. He repeated that motion a few times, before making little swirling motions with her lubrication on her puckered hole. He released a mouthful of saliva onto her hole and then brought his cock to her tight entry, slowly pressing it into her.
"Slooooooow," she requested as it had been awhile since they'd done any anal play. He caringly obliged and just held the tip of his cock in her back door before slowly pressing forth, little by little. She exhaled long and deep, relaxing her body and taking him in. As her body eased, his cock slid further in until he was balls deep in her ass. Slowly and gently, he slid his dick back and forth in her tight tunnel, gaining a little more speed with each pass until he was thrusting hard and fast in her ass.
She reached down and pressed her index finger into her vagina, and was able to feel his cock sliding back and forth through her tunnel walls. He moistened his fingers in his mouth and reached down to her clit and began rubbing her quickly as well. With so many nerves being excited, she couldn't hold back from screaming and moaning loudly. As her cries got louder, his actions became more rapid and soon they both were edging close to thunderous orgasms.
"Oh my god!" she wailed. "Holy shit! Holy shit! Holy shit!" She was about to explode. And with a few more thrusts from his cock in her ass, her finger in her pussy, and the added friction on her clit, she did explode. A tidal wave of pleasure rolled through her like a tsunami. Giving her no time to recover, Kyle was quickly approaching his own tsunami. His balls tightened, his breaths became short and he let out a few little gasps before he released with an "Oh god," and a heavy grunt as his spunk filled her ass, one spurt after another and another. With his balls emptied, they both let out a deep, heavy, contented sigh and she gasped a little as he pulled his softening cock out of her and fell back onto the bed.
"Oh my god," she uttered under her breath as she lay there completely spent.
"Uhhh, yeah," was all he could manage to say as he caught his breath and came down from his orgasmic high. "I'll go get you a towel."
He came back with a towel and they cleaned up and then the two of them lay on the bed, happy, but worn out, their breathing starting to return to normal.
Elizabeth turned to Kyle and gave him a quick kiss. "Now what?" she asked.
"I dunno...naptime?" he half-joked.
"Sounds good to me," as she snuggled up next to him, her head on his chest, curled up in his arms and they both began to doze off.
They rested for about half an hour before fluttering awake, feeling refreshed and rejuvenated.
"I'm going to go rinse off in the shower," Elizabeth said to Kyle as she eased off the bed. "Then maybe we can go check out the hot tub?"
"Yeah, definitely," Kyle responded.
After Elizabeth took a quick rinse, they both wrapped themselves in some towels and headed down to the hot tub. The late afternoon air was shockingly cold on their exposed skin and Elizabeth shifted on her feet trying to keep warm as Kyle removed the hot tub cover. With a roof covering the hot tub, they didn't have to worry about the light snow that had begun falling. But with the trees in winter mode at the back of the yard, there wasn't total privacy between the hot tub and the apartment building just a few hundred feet away so they quickly removed their towels and scampered into the hot tub before any neighbors could catch a peek.
"Aaaaahhhh," they both said simultaneously as they sank their naked bodies into the water.
"Oh my god, this is amazing," Elizabeth remarked as the warm water and bubbles surrounded her.
"Yeah, this is pretty awesome," he replied, leaning his head back in bliss.
They sat next to each other, their thighs pressed against one another, enjoying the crisp mountain air contrasted against the heat of the hot tub. It was perfect.
They occasionally shifted around, adjusting their bodies to the jets and then Elizabeth found a jet on one of the seats.
"Oooh! That's a fun jet!" she said with a giggle as she sat upon it. He laughed as she enjoyed the pulsating water hitting her snatch. After a few moments of that, Elizabeth floated her way over to Kyle and straddled his legs. They made out for a bit and Kyle caressed Elizabeth's breasts as they floated just beneath the surface. She ran her hand along his erect cock bobbing in the water below. She arched her back, sitting a little more upright and her breasts were now just out of the water. He brought his tongue down to her chest and flicked his tongue over her nipples before sucking them into his mouth.
"Oh god," she breathlessly whispered as she ran her hands through his soft hair.
Elizabeth then guided his cock into her entry and she sank down onto him and they began to slowly and wordlessly fuck. With the water stealing away Elizabeth's natural lubrication and still a bit tuckered out from before, their movements were easy, relaxed, and rhythmic; it was more like a make out session with an added bonus. As she rose up on his cock, her breasts just escaped the water before sinking back down below again. She held her hands on his shoulders, pressing herself down against the water's buoyancy.
In the near distance, they could see someone pull into the apartment building parking lot and get out of their car. They exchanged sly little smiles and kissed, while continuing their gentle afternoon fuck. They continued for a few moments and, before long, a small orgasm swelled inside Elizabeth.
"Oooooh!" she exclaimed, pulsing her muscles along his cock before reaching down to meet his lips with hers. They separated their bodies and Elizabeth drifted onto the seat next to Kyle. She looked over her shoulder to him and gave him a cheeky smile. "Well then," she simply said. He chuckled in response and gave a little wiggle of his eyebrows and a playful squeeze on her thigh.
"I wonder what time it is?" she asked a little bit later.
"No clue. But I could probably eat soon," he responded.
"Yeah, me too."
They made their way out of the hot tub and rushed back in the house to escape the winter air. Seeing that it was just around five o'clock, they decided to hop in the shower, have a snack, and watch a movie before dinner. After the movie, they made dinner together and Elizabeth was impressed, but not surprised, at how helpful Kyle was in the kitchen. They made a good team and got along well outside of the bedroom too. Stuffed from dinner, they rounded out the evening with some board games and then snuggled naked in bed watching a show on Netflix on Elizabeth's laptop. Mid-way through the show, Elizabeth looked over and saw Kyle had drifted off, so she closed the laptop and curled up next to him and was soon fast asleep herself.
--------
Sometime in the middle of the night, Elizabeth awoke with a tingling between her legs. Kyle was sound asleep, spooning her in his arms. She hated to wake him and she tried to ignore the feeling, but every time she moved her hips and pelvis, the feeling only got stronger. She began to ever so gently rock her hips and ass back towards Kyle, her bare butt cheeks pressing onto him. Each push/pull sent a little pulsation rushing between her legs. As she repeated her motions, she felt his cock stir to life and so she made her movements a little more pronounced. She slowly slid her hand up and down along Kyle's thigh, then gently grazed his member and felt it bob and bounce around. A deep exhale escaped her body.
She heard Kyle's breathing become more heavy and she knew he was waking up. Without words, she continued her simple rocking motion, forward, backward, forward, backward, and she could now feel his firm erection pressing against her ass.
Kyle stirred a little and then just silently guided his cock into her warm, wet opening. Elizabeth thought to herself how there was something so intimate and so connected when their bodies just melded together without words exchanged. An audible gasp escaped Elizabeth's lips as his cock slid into her and filled her up. With his dick now deep inside her, she pressed her body back against Kyle's and they began to rock in motion together. He reached his arm around to her chest, gripping her breasts in his hand, and pulled her back towards him with each thrust. Quiet moans from Elizabeth and heavy breathing from Kyle were the only sounds in the darkened room as their bodies moved in sync.
Kyle gave Elizabeth a kiss on the shoulder before he pulled out, eliciting a little whimper from her. She rolled onto her back and Kyle knelt on the bed. He plunged his cock back into her and she let out a breathy sigh, followed by a long, low moan. With her legs pressed together, she had a tight hold on his dick and he began to pick up speed and intensity. She began to rub her fingers on her mound as he continued pressing hard and fast into her and within moments she was riding an orgasmic wave.
"Ooooooh god," she whispered as her muscles squeezed around his cock and the electricity pulsed through her. Kyle leaned down and kissed her gently before easing out of her and rolling onto the bed next to her.
Elizabeth turned to him and whispered, "thanks," and gave him a kiss. "You wanna keep going?" she asked.
"I'm good as long as you're good," he said with a little chuckle.
"I think I can make it until morning," she replied with a little laugh and the two of them quickly fell back asleep until morning.
------------
The next morning, a light snow was falling. They both stirred awake around eight am, a rare treat for them both to be able to sleep past six.
"Morning," Kyle said to Elizabeth as his eyes fluttered open.
"Morning," she smiled back at him. "How'd you sleep?"
"Real good. You?"
"Pretty good...although I seem to remember not sleeping the entire night," she jokingly replied.
The two eventually crawled out of bed, pulled on some clothes, brushed their teeth and then made their way to the kitchen to make breakfast. As they ate, they talked about what they could do that day.
"So, are you up for going on a hike at the lake? And maybe up to Stone Ledge? " she asked him.
"Yeah, let's do it. I think the snow's supposed to stop later this morning."
"Great...and then maybe dinner out tonight?"
"Sounds like a plan. I don't think we bought enough food to make anything for dinner anyway."
"And, of course, more hot tub time."
"Of course," he said with a definitive nod of his head and a smile.
They finished up breakfast and cleaned up. Kyle built a fire in the wood stove and they just lounged around for awhile waiting for the weather to warm up a little and the snow to stop.
A few hours later, they set off and the weather was perfect for a winter hike. The snow was just barely falling and there wasn't any wind so it wasn't unbearably cold. And no bugs or snakes to deal with either, which was always a plus in Elizabeth's book. They hiked about halfway around the lake and then started their way up to Stone Ledge.
About midway through the hike, it started to get steeper and a bit more treacherous and Kyle assisted Elizabeth on the slippery parts. They carefully continued on the snowy trail, stopping a few times along the way to rest, kiss, and take in the silence of the wintery woods. Eventually, they made it to the top and the view was pretty spectacular. And based on the lack of footprints in the snow, no one else had ventured up to the top other than them. They stood atop the ledge, taking in the view, snapped some pictures, and then leaned in for a long and sensual kiss. After a few minutes, they began their journey back down, taking a much simpler and less slippery path.
When they finally got back to Kyle's truck, they were starving and went directly to pick up some lunch and then made their way back to the cabin. After they scarfed down lunch they decided another dip in the hot tub was in order.
"Ahhhh, this is perfect after our hike up Everest today," Elizabeth joked as she sunk her naked body into the water.
"Definitely...I can't believe we made it to the summit alive," he added with a chuckle.
Much like yesterday afternoon, they enjoyed the jets, the warmth of the water, and the heat of their passion as they made out and enjoyed another little afternoon hot tub fuck.
"I definitely want to come back in here later tonight when it's dark out," she commented as they were getting out of the hot tub.
"Yeah, totally. We gotta make use of this thing while we can."
They headed inside and straight into the shower together. It was a stand up shower stall, about the same size as a standard bathtub, large enough for both of them to be in there comfortably, and it featured two little bench seats on either end. After they rinsed off the suds, they came together for a deep kiss, their tongues and lips melding under the heat of the water. The water flowed down over their necks and down their chests as they hungrily made out. Kyle then eased his lips away from Elizabeth and turned her to face towards the shower wall and slid his wet cock into her pussy. With her hands pressed on the shower wall and his hands on her hips, he drove into her hard and fast.
"Oh fuck, oh god," she repeatedly cried in pleasure. She turned her head to look behind her and they shared a look of fiery lust. After a few more moments like this, he pulled out and spun her back around. Their lips met again, full of heat and passion.
Kyle then picked up Elizabeth and pressed her up against the long wall of the shower. She spread her legs, resting a foot on each of the little bench seats. This position provided Kyle the perfect height to return his dick back inside her eager pussy. With a forceful thrust, he plunged his hardness back into her. She wrapped her arms around his neck and shoulders, pulling him closer in with every push and clamped her muscles on his cock with each thrust. Heated breaths and moans flowed over her lips as she was overcome with his lustful takeover.
"Oh my god, this is so fucking hot," she whispered as her back was pressed into the wall and the water continued flowing over their passion.
"I can't help it...you're so fucking hot," he breathed in returned with a sultry smile.
"Oh god," Elizabeth moaned. So turned on by his words, she hungrily returned her lips to his.
They continued their hot, wet, passionate fuck in the shower for awhile...until suddenly the water went cold!
"AAHHH!" they both shrieked and Kyle quickly repositioned the showerhead away from them and then shut the water off.
"Guess that's it for the hot water," he said as he pulled out of her.
"Well shit," Elizabeth complained with a pout on her lips. She eased herself off of the bench seats. "I'm not finished with you," she added, giving his ass a playful slap as they reluctantly exited the shower. They dried off in a hurry, Elizabeth quickly towel dried her hair, and then they scrambled back to the bedroom to continue where they left off.
Once back in the bedroom, they wasted no time in getting back to business, tumbling all over the bed together. Kyle on top. Elizabeth on top. Kyle from behind. Lying on their sides. Kyle going down on Elizabeth. Elizabeth going down on Kyle. It was as if they were going through their rolodex of sexual positions and giving them all a go. It was fun, frantic and heated and definitely warmed them up after the chilly end to their shower.
At one point, Elizabeth was on her back and Kyle was pressing deep inside her when she remembered the toys she had brought. Thankfully, they were within reach in her bag on the table beside the bed. She reached over to the bag and pulled out her vibrator, turned it on, and pressed it to her clit. Her body bucked and she gasped loudly at its initial touch. Kyle chuckled a little, watching her add this additional layer of fun to their play.
At first, she slowly circled the vibrator on her clit sending jolts of pleasure through her body while he continued his thrusts. Kyle then eased out of her and just watched the show for a bit, totally turned on by watching her please herself. He then took over, and dipped the vibrator into her willing opening, then pulled it out and dragged it along her labia and up to her clit, circled it around, then returned the journey back down to her entry. He repeated this a few times and Elizabeth moaned and squirmed in delight. He then drifted the vibrator up to her breasts, circling it on her nipples. The gentle buzz sent waves of pleasure through her chest, before he traveled it back down along her body and back into her tunnel. With the vibrator inside her, he then pressed his cock into her as well.
"Oh my god," she wailed at this fullness. As they both enjoyed the buzz of the vibration, Elizabeth was quickly approaching an orgasm. "This feels amazing," she cried, "don't stop, please don't stop," she begged through staggered breaths. And within moments, a powerful orgasm tore through her body. "Oh my god, oh my god, oh my god," she said as she fell back to earth.
Kyle was nearing his precipice too. He removed the vibrator from Elizabeth, shut it off and tossed it aside and continued powerfully thrusting into her. Elizabeth could tell from his breathing that he was getting close. She moved her right hand down and placed her pointer and middle finger near her opening and along the underside of his cock.
There was something so sexy about feeling his manhood, slick with her moisture, as it plunged in and out of her. On each outward thrust, her fingers made contact with the sensitive spot under the head of his cock and he was loving that sensation. "Don't stop," he pleaded with her. She obliged and only pressed harder and held her thumb along the topside of his cock too. Within seconds, he grunted "Uuuuuuuuugh" as his cum shot through his shaft and exploded into her.
"Oh my god, yessss, fill me up," she called out as his body shuddered with spurt after spurt into her. She squeezed and tightened her hold on his cock, milking him for every last drop until he eased his softening dick out of her, collapsing onto the bed next to her with a happy sigh.
"I think we're going to need another shower," she said with a laugh.
"Uh, yeah, I think so," he agreed.
They eventually made their way to the shower, and thankfully, there was enough hot water for a quick rinse. After showering, Elizabeth dried her hair and then got dressed. She found Kyle already dressed and hanging out in the living room. Plopping down next to him on the couch, she asked "So, now what? Should we go get some dinner?"
"Yeah, I'm kinda hungry."
"Yeah, me too. Let's do it."
They headed out into town and found a little cafe where they got a bite to eat. Elizabeth ordered a cocktail too and it was surprisingly strong. And being a lightweight, she was quickly buzzed. And buzzed Elizabeth equals giggly Elizabeth. Kyle made a remark to her as they were leaving the restaurant that started her giggles and she could barely stop laughing on their entire drive back to the cabin.
They made a beeline straight for the hot tub, undressing right by the basement door and climbing into the tub. They kept off the overhead light and turned on the dimmer mood lighting of the hot tub instead. Maybe it was the cover of darkness. Maybe it was the alcohol in her system. Or maybe she was just insatiable, but still giggly and buzzed, Elizabeth was all over Kyle in a flash. Straddling his legs in the hot tub, she sat atop him, gyrating her hips and pressing her chest into his, making out with him like a horny teenager. Sinking down onto his erection, they fucked wildy for awhile with Elizabeth in Kyle's lap.
"I fucking love having sex with you," she told him. Kyle smiled a big grin in response and then passionately kissed her.
He then pulled out and pressed Elizabeth towards the other side of the tub so he could enter her from behind. He thrust into her, while she held onto the side of the tub. She was a chorus of "Fucks"' and "Oh gods" and moans, her slightly-drunken self not taking notice of her volume level. Kyle reached his hand around and covered her mouth, muffling her moans and taking her under his control.
After a few more thrusts, Kyle removed his cock from her tight tunnel and Elizabeth collapsed onto the seat beneath her with a heavy exhale and a giggle. He then moved in front of her, raising himself out of the water, aligning his cock with her mouth and she eagerly sucked him in. Bobbing her head back and forth, she squeezed her lips tightly around his cock. He grabbed hold of her head, holding her tight and began mouth fucking her. With a seductive moan, she looked up at him, as she hungrily accepted his throbbing cock between her lips. He pressed further into her mouth until he was reaching into her throat. Fighting her gag reflex, she took a deep breath and relaxed, tickling her tongue along the underside of his dick before he slowly eased out and repeated the motion. A few more thrusts and then he pulled out entirely and sank back into the water.
"My ass was getting cold being out of the water," he said with a chuckle. And that got her giggling again. They made out a little more before calling it a night in the hot tub and heading back inside.
After taking a shower, Elizabeth slid into a pair of boyshorts, a t-shirt and threw on some knee high socks and joined Kyle who was in the living room. He had started a fire in the wood stove and they snuggled on the couch, enjoying the ambiance and warmth of the fire. They watched a movie and then headed off to bed, exhausted from long day of hiking, hot-tubbing and sex.
The next morning they woke up and had another fiery round of morning sex before they begrundingly got out of bed and started packing their things.
"Ugh, this trip went by waaay too fast. I really don't want to go," Elizabeth pouted as they were headed out of the cabin.
"I know. Me neither. This was a lot of fun. And I'm really going to miss that hot tub too," Kyle added with a frown.
With a twinge of sadness, they pulled out of the driveway and headed off.
They returned to Elizabeth's in the early afternoon and Kyle helped her unload all of her things. He was in no rush to get back in his truck and head home, so they had a snack and hung out for a bit, lounging on the couch, snuggling and talking. But, soon, the talking led to giggles and the snuggling led to kisses and, before long, the two were in full-on make out mode. Elizabeth eased off the couch and held her hand out to Kyle, urging him up.
They made their way down the hall to her room and they began pulling each other's clothes off. Elizabeth plopped onto her back on the bed and the comfort of the sheets and blankets felt good on her naked skin. Kyle crawled onto the bed and pulled her into his arms, the warmth of their bodies pressed against one another only heating up their desire for one another. They hungrily resumed kissing, their tongues dancing together.
Taking a moment to catch their breaths, they paused and just stared tenderly into one another's eyes. Kyle traced his fingers alongside Elizabeth's hair that had fallen onto her forehead and brushed it back behind her ear. Elizabeth bit her bottom lip at this tender touch from him before releasing a tiny moan and a breathy sigh. She brought her hand down alongside his face and met her lips to his again in a kiss that was more romantic than ravenous. The desire between them was palpable and practically heated up the room.
Laying on their sides, Elizabeth reached her hand down to him, wrapping her soft fingers around his erection. She began to slide his cock along her lower lips, allowing the head to just barely dip into her, before dragging it along her labia, covering it in her body's lubrication. With their lips just millimeters apart, they shared breaths and longing looks in heated anticipation.
She adjusted her hips and guided his cock into her and they both let out a deep sigh as he entered her warm, wet tunnel. Together, they just held still for a moment, enjoying the simplicity of their bodies connected this way. Their lips came together in a blend of kisses, sighs, and moans. Ever so slowly, Kyle began thrusting in and out of her, easing his cock almost entirely out before plunging back in. She let out a little "mmmmmm" each time he pressed back into her.
Still on their sides, Kyle eased back a little and they readjusted. Kyle pulled Elizabeth's lower leg up and over his shoulder and guided her upper leg between his legs, allowing him even deeper access into her pussy. Their eyes met and their breathing synchronized creating a coordinated rhythm and even deeper intimate connection.
With her eyes still locked on his, Elizabeth reached her hand down and began making gentle circles on her clit. Her fingers then drifted downward, stealing some moisture from her pussy and then back up to her nub while Kyle continued plunging his cock in and out in a steady rhythm. Elizabeth then moved her hand down to his penis, encircling her thumb and pointer finger around the base of his shaft and pressing into the underside of his cock. Kyle's movements became more rapid, his inhalations became deeper and louder and she could tell he was teetering on the edge as she continued running her fingers along his shaft with each thrust.
"Fill me up with your cum," she whispered to him, staring lustily in his eyes before meeting her lips to his, with a hungry desire.
Hearing her impassioned plea was all it took to take him over the edge. "Uuuuugh," Kyle uttered, grunting with each thrust and release of his cum into Elizabeth.
"Yessss, yessss," she breathlessly said, loving it when he came inside her.
"Ooooooooh god," he let out with a deep and contented sigh as a final string of his cum shot into her and his body shuddered.
They looked to one another and shared a smile before bringing their lips back together for a sensual kiss. Pulling away, they both let out a simultaneous sigh as Kyle released from Elizabeth.
"That was, uh...wow," she said to him, struggling to find the words. Kyle, also tongue tied, simply nodded and smiled in agreement and leaned in to give her a loving kiss.
Maybe it was the culmination of their past few days together or just a natural evolution of their relationship, but lying there in the comfort of each other's arms, they both felt that what they'd just experienced had felt special, deeper, and more connected. And it felt like a fitting end to their mountain cabin getaway.