My desk phone rang and "Lysa Baily" flashed across the screen Lysa was the gorgeous, buttoned up, straight laced, anal head of HR.
This can't be goodI said to myself. "Hey, Lysa, what's up?"
"Good afternoon, Mr. Allen. Would you mind stepping into my office, please?" she asked sternly.
This really can't be good!"Yeah, sure. Be there in a second." I racked my brain trying to figure out why I was being called into HR.
When she saw me coming down the hallway, she began to lower the shades on her floor-to-ceiling glass wall.Fuck!
I stopped at the open door. "Hey, Lysa. You wanted to see me?"
"Yes. Please, have a seat." She motioned to a chair in front of her large, cherry wood desk, then closed the door behind her.
Damn, she smells good!I thought as she walked past. She was fine looking, too. She was a tall, leggy, curly-haired brunette with brown eyes set into a round face. Today she was wearing a pin striped jacket with a matching pencil skirt, a white button-down dress shirt, and black high heels.
She sat back down in her chair and raised the remote control, lowering the shades on the glass door.What the fuck did I do?!She stared across her desk at me. "Mr. Allen, it has come to my attention that you've been having sexual relations with several of the women in the department. Is this correct?"
The question caught me completely off guard. "I...uh...well..." It was true. I'd banged at least half the women in the department. You nail that many women that talk to each other daily, shit's gonna happen. I guess the roosters had come home to rest. "Well, I mean, maybe a couple."
"Hmmppfff! I'd say more than a couple from what I've been told. You understand it's against company policy for employees to have relations while both are employed here unless they were already married when they started, aren't you? You signed the sheet saying you'd read the employee handbook, didn't you?" She slid a piece of paper across the desk at me that had my signature on it.
"I...well...uh...I guess I wasn't aware dating a co-worker was against company policy. I apologize."
"I'd say it was more than 'dating', wasn't it, Mr. Allen?"
"I...well...uh..."
"And it was more than 'a couple', wasn't it, Mr. Allen?" I felt like I was getting grilled on the stand by a prosecutor. I sat in silence with my head down. "From what I understand, you've fucked at least half the department." My head snapped up at her unexpected profanity. "I've given this a great deal of consideration. I think there's only one way to keep your job." She paused. I couldn't breathe. Her lips curled into a wicked grin. "Show it to me."
My mind raced. "Show...what to you?"
She leaned into the table. "You know," she said with confidence. "Your tool. Your pole. Your trouser snake. Your penis." She was enjoying the look of shock on my face. "Your cock," she said in a husky voice.
"You want me...to show you...my...right here? Right now?"
She leaned back in her chair. "Yes. I want you to show me your cock. Right here. Right now."
"I...I won't get into...trouble?"
"Mr. Allen, you're already in trouble. If what I've heard is true, this is how you get out of trouble."
"(ahem) Um, okay." I stood up, unbuttoned and unzipped my parts, and grabbed the waist of my jeans before I paused and looked into her face. "Are you sure I'm not going to get fired for this?"
She had a long finger running along her smiling bottom lip. "Mr. Allen, this is the only way you're not going to get fired."
Visions of food stamps danced in my head. With trepidation, I let my pants fall down around my ankles, then hesitantly pulled my boxers past my knees, where gravity took over.
"My my," she cooed. "Even flaccid you're bigger than my husband." It was true. I was scared to death. I wasn't anywhere near being hard. It was also true that I was gifted in that area. "Go ahead, get it hard. I want to see it erect."
"Um...excuse me?"
"Jerk it. Tug it. Stroke it. I don't care. Make it hard."
"I...well...um..." I took my limp noodle into my hand and began to coax it back to life.
"Maybe you need some inspiration," she whirred. She peeled off her jacket and began to slowly, sexily unbutton her blouse. "Mmmmm, I see it's working," she said with a smirk. She finally got to the last button, yanked the shirt out from her skirt, and pulled it open. She ran her hands around the most perfect pair of globes I'd ever seen, then tweaked and tugged her erect nipples. "I'm guessing from your reaction that you approve."
She was right. I was holding a thick, hard staff in my hands. "They're incredible," I huffed while I stroked.
She smiled. "You're not so bad yourself. The girls were right. You're massive! Just the sight of it has me soaked," she cooed. She wiggled in her chair and pulled her skirt up around her waist, revealing a lacy black G-string. One hand left her breast and slid inside the tiny triangle of material. She squeaked at the first touch of her hand. "What are you thinking right now, Mr. Allen? Would you like to fuck me right now? Would you fuck me like a lover or like a whore? I'll bet you'd fuck me like a little whore, wouldn't you?"
How do I get out of this without getting fired?!"I...uh...well..." I wanted to sayI'd tear your shit up!
She was enjoying this. "Maybe this is all I want. Maybe I just want to watch you jerk off while I finger myself. Would you be okay with that?""
"Well, um, you know, if that's what you want."
She stared at me with those big, fuck me brown eyes. "Mr. Allen, I need you to remain perfectly silent for the next 10 minutes. Do you think you can do that?"
"Um, I'll do my best."
"No, not your best. I need you to do it. I promise you that you'll be handsomely rewarded. Now, can you do it?"
"Well, I mean, as long as you're not sticking needles into my eyes, I guess."
She smiled. "I promise you, there will be nothing like that." She grabbed her cell phone, placed it face up on her desk, and pressed a button. The screen lit up and the name "Anderson" filled the screen.
"Hey, Babe!" came the voice of her husband through the device. "What's up?"
"Hello, Darling. Are you busy at the moment?"
"Nah. Just crunching some numbers for a meeting later. Why? What's up?"
"Well..." She paused and gave me a crooked grin. "I want you to show me that big, fat cock of yours."
"Huh? Oh! Are we...are we going to do this now?! Great! Hang on! Hang on!" The sound of a door closing and the pinging of metal blinds being closed came through the tiny speaker. Seconds later, the mild zip of pants being opened could be heard. "Okay, okay, I'm ready."
She kept her eyes on me. "Are you ready to show me that big, fat cock?"
"Oh yeah, baby! You've got it hard as a rock!"
"Mmmmm, I'm glad." She wagged her finger at me. "Why don't you come over here closer so I can get a better look at that big bastard?"
I held myself steady as I walked around her desk.
"Is your shirt open?"
"Of course it is, Darling. I know how much you love my breasts."
"I love your fuckin' tits! They're so full and firm!"
I was standing in front of her and she was staring up at me. "Why don't you grab them while I grab you?" All three of us gasped in unison when she wrapped her long, soft fingers around my staff and I palmed her mound while her husband imagined it. "Mmmmm, that feels nice. Your big, fat cock feels so good in my hand," she said while she began to stroke my manhood.
"You like that, huh? You like stroking my cock while I play with your tits?" he asked.
"You know I do. Oh!" she squealed when I pinched an erect nipple. "Mmmmm, be careful with my nipples. You know how crazy I get when you play rough with them. Ah!"
"Oh yeah, you like that, don't you? You love it when I do that, don't you?"
"Mmmmm, I do."
"Why don't you wrap those fat fuckers around my cock, huh? Let me fuck those big tits of yours."
"With pleasure." She leaned into me and I stepped forward. I vanished in her cleavage. I fought back a moan. She dropped a string of saliva into the crevice, pressed her flesh, and began to slowly bounce. "Mmmmm, you feel so good between my breasts."
"Goddamn, I love fucking your tits!"I can see why!
Her tongue swatted at my tip each time it poked out. "Can you feel me licking you with each pump, Darling? Does that feel good?"Yes!
"It feels amazing!"
"I know what else you love. You love it when I put your big, fat cock in my mouth, don't you, Darling?"
"Don't pretend you don't love it, too, you bitch!" My jaw dropped at the reference. It didn't faze her. "You love it when I fuck your slutty mouth, don't you?"
"Mmmmm, I do."
"Well? What're you waiting for? Take it, you bitch!"
I couldn't help but let a small grunt slip out when she took me in. She pulled back and looked up at me with a sly grin, then held her finger to her lips. I mouthed,"Sorry!"then choked back another grunt when I slammed against the back of her hot mouth.
She slurped and gagged dramatically loud while her hand followed her red lips back and forth on my skin flute, which she played expertly.
"That's it! Suck it! Take it all, goddammit!"
She pulled back and looked into my face again. "I can't take it all, my Darling. You're cock is too big," she cooed.
"You're not trying hard enough!"
"I'll try harder, Darling." She choked and gagged while I slammed against the back of her mouth again and again.
"That's it, you fuckin' bitch! You suck cock better than any hooker I've ever paid for!"She really does!
"Mmmmhmmm! Mmmmhmmm!" she hummed.
While I remained silent, the other two participants made up for it. Then, suddenly, Lysa released me with a "pop". Bubbly saliva slipped off her chin.
She turned her head to the phone on her desk.
"Darling. Darling!"
Anderson was obviously concentrating and dreaming. "Huh? Oh. What?"
"Darling, the sight of your big, fat cock made me all wet. I've lifted my skirt around my waist. Can you see how puffy and wet my pussy is?"
"Oh! Uh, yeah, of course I saw that. Who couldn't notice it? The guys on the space station probably saw how wet your cunt is!"I know I did!
She began to run her fingers along her slit. "Do you know what I want? Do you know what I want, Darling?"
"I know what you want. But I wanna hear you say it. What do you want, slut?"
"I want you to fuck my soaking wet pussy with your big fat cock, my Darling," she purred as she lifted herself out of her chair.
"I know you do! You fucking cunt!" Anderson hissed through the phone. "Bend over and show me your ass before I wreck your cunt."
"Mmmmmm, with pleasure." She lowered her panties and placed her hands on the edge of her desk. While she looked over her shoulder at me with a devilish look, she bent at the waist. The heart-shaped ass that sat on top of long, toned legs was incredible! She kept her gaze on me. "There. How's that, my Darling?"Fucking fantastic!
"Look at you, you fucking whore! Bent over just begging me to fuck you into next week!"
"Yes. Yes! I want you to fuck me with your big, manly cock. Please. I'm begging you. Give it to me. I want it so bad!" She gasped when I stepped between her sticks and touched my tip to her inflamed lips.
"That's it. Beg me. Beg me for it, cunt!"
She watched me over her shoulder. "Yes. Yes! Give it to me! I want it so badly! Do it! Do it!" Her head snapped back when I unceremoniously forced my way through her gash balls deep. "OHMAGAWD!"
"Ha ha! Yeah, that's it, bitch! Take it! Take it all up that tight fucking cunt!"
I dug my claws into her hips and began to hammer away at her.
"Oh my God, yes! That's it! Give it to me!" she howled.
"Oh, fuck yeah! I'm gonna ruin your fucking cunt right here, right now!"
"Yes! Yes! Ruin me! Ruin my tight little pussy!"
She began to moan and buck when I ran circles around her puckered hole with my thumb. "Ohmagawd, you're driving me crazy!" Her body rocked with each thrust of my hips while her tits swayed over the phone.
"You're such a cock hungry bitch, Lysa!" her husband hissed through the phone.
"Ohmagawd! You're fucking me so hard! Your big, fat cock feels so good!" The ring of her desk phone cut through the air. "Roger Atkins" scrolled across the screen. "Oh no! It...it's...Mr. Atkins!" Atkins was the president of the company. "I have to...take this. Stop! Stop! Ohmagawd, stop!"
"I don't think so, bitch!" Anderson growled.Yes!"Answer the fucking phone!"
She turned back to me. "Stop! Please...stop!"
"Answer the fucking phone, bitch!" her husband demanded again.
She hesitantly picked up the receiver and brought it to her ear. "Hel...hel...hello, Mister, um, Atkins. Oh, uh, yes, yes...mmmmm...of course, I'll...I'll be at the meeting."
"That's it, you fucking bitch," her husband hissed in a hushed tone. "I'll bet you wish you were sucking his cock right now, don't you?"
"Yes...yes. I...I'm getting those papers to...together. Gah!" Her head snapped back when I drove my thumb past her sphincter. "Oh! Um...yes, yes, I'm...I'm fine, Mister...Mister Atkins. I...I just, um, hit my knee on...on the corner of the mmmmmm desk. Yes...yes. No, I...I'll be...fine."
"I'll bet he wants to fuck your ass. I'll bet you let him fuck your whore ass in your little meeting, won't you?"
"What...what's that? Oh! Uh, ha ha, yes...I...I just came in from out...outside. That...that's why I...sound...short of...breath mmmmmm. Yes. Yes. Of course. I...I'll be there. Thank...thank you, sir. Good...bye."
"You were thinking about what it would be like to fuck him that entire conversation, weren't you?!"
"Maybe...maybe I...I don't have to...wonder! Maybe...maybe I've already...fucked...him!"
"Oh-ho-ho, you fuckin' cunt! I'll...grrrrrr...I'll bet you have!"
"Ohmagawd! You're going to make me cum! Oh God! Oh God! Oh gawwwwwwd!"
Her fingers dug into the cherry wood of her desk while her snatch clamped down on my tool. Her body was visibly trembling while the roar of 1,000 fireworks exploded in her hot body.
"Ohmagawd, yes! Don't stop! Don't stop! Ohmagawwwwwd!"
"That's right, you fucking bitch! Holy fuck! Your tight little cunt is squeezing me so hard! Fuck! You're...you're gonna make me...cum! Fuck!"
She could feel me throbbing inside her, just as she knew her husband's own rod was throbbing in his hand on the other end of the phone.
"No no! Wait! Not inside me! I...I want to taste it!" I pulled out and she spun and fell to her knees. In a flash she was looking up at me tugging on me for all she was worth. "That's it! Give it to me, Darling!"
"Holy fuck! Cumming! Cumming! Gahhhhhh!"
Just as the first chamber was about to leave my weapon, she took me into her mouth. I gritted my teeth and throttled the groan screaming in my brain as my spunk shot down the back of her throat.
"That's it! Take it all, you fucking cum-loving cunt!"
I had my hands on the back of her head giving her a proper skull fuck. She theatrically slurped and gagged while she stroked my shaft and swallowed my load.
The cursing on the other end of the phone finally calmed to heavy breathing. "Jesus Christ."
She released me from her mouth with a loud "pop". "Did you enjoy that, my Darling?" she asked, looking up at me and licking a speck of white from the corner of her mouth.
"Did I enjoy it?! That might've been the best phone sex we've ever had! Now I've got to clean up this mess. Fuck!"
She looked at me with a devilish grin. "Mmmmmm, I'm glad you enjoyed it. I did, as well." She licked her lips. "Mmmmm, I love the taste of myself on a man's cock." She paused. "Your cum was a bit more salty than normal today," she cooed as she rose from her knees and sat back in her chair.
The jingling of a belt buckle could be heard through the phone. "Ha! You're such a whore!" There was a pause. "So, baby, tell me, did you have anyone in the office with you?"
My heart stopped.Fuck! I'm dead!
The lights twinkled in her eyes. "Mmmmmm, no, of course not, Darling."
"Ha ha! Okay. Well, I've got to go, baby."
"Yes, I do, as well."
"Make sure you're naked and warmed up when I get home so we can have round two."
"Of course, Darling. I can't wait to have your big fat cock in me."
The phone went dead. I couldn't believe what just happened. I took that as my queue to get dressed and leave as she began to get dressed.
"Of course, I'm counting on your discretion in this matter, Mr. Allen."
"Um, yeah, I think that goes without saying."
She placed her black G-string on the desk. "Keep these as a momento of the occasion. If anyone asks, one of your many conquests gave them to you."
I grabbed the soiled garment from the table. "Um, wow. Yeah. Okay, cool. Yeah, thanks."
"Keep them in your desk drawer. On top of everything else." She paused. "I want you to remember this moment. And think of how quickly I'll have you escorted out the building if one word of this gets out."
"Oh!"Fuck!"Um, yeah, sure, okay. Got it." As I finishing getting dressed, I had to ask. "So, why would he ask if there was someone else in the room? I mean, why would the thought of that possibility even cross his mind?"
She considered her answer and her lips curled at the corners. "Because he likes to watch me get fucked." I stopped breathing. My eyes batted at the words. "Usually it's with his friends. I didn't feel like letting him watch today." My brain was having trouble computing this new information. "You should probably get back to your desk."
"Huh? Oh! Right. Um, yeah, right."
Just as I reached for the door, she said, "You were really quite spectacular today, Mr. Allen. You did very well. The rumor was true. You truly do have a beautiful, fat cock."
"Uh...gee, thanks." For the first time, a grin crossed my face. "You weren't so bad yourself. You and that tight fucking cunt and whore mouth of yours."
"Mmmmmmm," she hummed. She smiled a wicked smile. "Play your cards right and maybe next time you'll get to shove more than your thumb up my ass."
Holy fuck! "Next time"?!"I'm a really good card player."
"Mmmmmm." She licked her lips. "For both of our sakes, I hope you are."