This really happened to me a few years back, during a company party. (Note that names have been edited to protect the identity of those mentioned in this tale.)
***
I was single during this time and more than a little bit bitter. Not because of my recent ex at the time, but because I'd been trying to go up the corporate ladder and have failed each attempt. I was feeling down and just a tad angry, and so coming to this party was the last thing I wanted to do.
I came because my friends insisted, and for some reason (because these friends are guys) I attended.
The event happened with a hell of a lot of fanfare; loud music, lots of food, plenty of alcohol. I ate, pretty much liked the food, but loud music and alcohol ain't really for me. Never liked the taste, and because I was going to drive home and the party was held about an hour and a half away from where I lived, I easily resisted any drinks turned my way.
Enter Elise.
Elise was a coworker and a new hire in the company. She had this light chocolate complexion that was almost morena but wasn't quite, and she had short hair that framed her round face and really made her smile shine. Her body was full, seriously thicc, not fat at all. Her curves really stood out in the one-piece dress she wore; a black little thing that had lacey shoulders and a thin skirt that fell down only halfway below her thighs.
Now honestly, when she did enter all I did was stare for like a few seconds before returning to my thoughts. The music was grating on me, and my friends were all over the places doing their own things. I rubbed elbows with a few of the bosses, though I'm pretty sure they were all more focused on having a good time than discuss pleasantries (I'm not very good socially. Seriously, people have told me repeatedly that I seem so serious all the time).
Somehow I ended up staying until the end of the party, and my friends to my frustration all abandoned me for girls they managed to lock down on. Seeing the remaining people sort of shuffle around and form their own small groups, I thought it was time that I left, and so I headed for the exit.
That's when I ran into Elise again. She was drunk to the point that she couldn't walk straight and was leaning heavily on another friend of mine (a girl this time). She (Elise) was insistent on going home, since her kid (yep, she was a single mom, but I didn't know that since she didn't look like one) was going to be waiting for her. My friend wanted her to sober up a bit, saying it'd be dangerous to commute home in her state, and joining the conversation I agreed.
Somehow, during said conversation, I offered to drive her home.
My friend was ecstatic, probably happy to have gotten off shouldering a responsibility, and Elise was just happy. My friend introduced us, labeling me with all sorts of praises (He's a nice guy, you can totally depend on him! He's totally serious, like all the time, but he's a nice guy!) so I suppose that was enough to get her comfortable riding with me. I had my serious face on (wasn't having fun, even though I was taking a pretty girl home) and very straightforwardly I asked for her address. As we walked to my car, Google Maps pegged Elise's place as being about an hour away if I take the highway.
Great. Oh well, at least I'm making sure a fellow coworker was going to get home safe. That was my line of thought.
As I began to drive, Elise began getting flirty. Very flirty. She began by asking me about what I do, which team I was with, and then she asked if I found any of the girls in the office attractive. The last question took me a bit by surprise, and so I replied by flirting a bit back.
"There's a few in the office, but right now you're looking really attractive."
She laughed at that, and then she began leaning in close as she continued asking me stuff. What did I find attractive about her? I said her laughter and her smile and she laughed and smiled. She then began telling me she like Asian guys, and she began pretty describing me.
When we got to the tolls before entering the highway, there was a small line so I had to slow the car down to a stop. Elise asked if I found anything else about her attractive, and she leaned even closer, squaring her shoulders and practically thrusting her cleavage at me.
My God, was that canyon deep. Her breasts were huge, not floppy huge but full, round masses that could cushion my face better than any airbag. She pulled at her dress' top a bit, exposing even more boobs, and I quickly replied "Well, I really like those. I'd love to see them in full."
Elise laughed again and quickly pulled back since we got our turn at the toll. I quickly grabbed the ticket and began the drive to her house.
During the drive, Elise said this.
"Wow, it's just so hot these days, huh?"
I said yeah it was, it being March already and summer having started. I reached down to turn the AC up higher, but she held my hand back.
"Don't, it's a waste of gas." She said as she rolled down the window. "The wind feels really great!"
I very nearly lost control of the car then because all of a sudden, Elise slipped out of her dress.
My hard-on rocketed to full aching life because;
My God she was hot. Full round breasts with firmly erect nipples. Pussy hair cut and shaved to look like a thin triangle pointing down.
She was commando under the dress, major turn on for me.
She laughed as I managed to keep myself from crashing the car and possibly killing the two of us. Elise then proceeded to lewdly sit, with her legs eagle-spread and pointed right at me. She then began to caress her pussy, just stroking at the patch of hair there and sliding a finger around the sides and at the slit of her juicy womanhood.
Before we knew it we arrived at her exit. Elise never shifted positions during the line to pay, or even when I paid the toll. The lady there had her eyes bug out, and I could tell she was likely disgusted at the slut I was hauling around.
Personally I didn't care. My night suddenly became really, really hot.
"So, you like?" Elise said teasingly as she continued to lightly stroke her pussy. I was only so glad that we were no longer on the highway because as much as I knew how important it was to keep my eyes on the road, my eyes refused to listen and kept trying to glance down at the naked beauty beside me.
I stuttered something along the lines of "Well, yes. Wow.." as I slowed the car down and parked on the curb. Elise laughed as she watched me.
When I finally got the car parked, the girl practically leapt up from the seat and planted her lips against mine. Her hands were all over me, pulling me into a tight embrace as the kiss became fiercer, more fiery. She also kept pulling at my clothes; Elise's hands feeling my chest, squeezing my thigh, stroking my cock.
I had enough control to go and switch off the car's lights. The area we were at was dark, and it being about 2 in the morning there was absolutely nobody around. Only the distant streetlamps and the occasional passing car lit up the night, and the cover of darkness was just perfect.
I stripped my shirt off, and the moment it came free from my body Elise said this.
"Come on." She said, her voice slurred, husky. "Let's go to the back..."
Elise began climbing to the back of the car, pausing midway to wiggle her ass close to my face. I grabbed her thigh as she did this, and horny as I was I actually got to bury my face in there.
Elise's laughing quickly turned into a series of moans as my tongue darted out and began lapping at her slit. It was dripping wet, the smell made me all heady with intense desire. I felt Elise's back arch while one hand slid down to her snatch, fingers spreading her pussy lips so my tongue could probe in deeper. She made this shocked trill when my tongue brushed against the hard bub of her clit, and I felt her body shudder as I puckered my lips around the little bump and ran firm little circles around it with my tongue.
"Fuck!! Just get over here already!!" She yelled in between moans. She tried to break free from my grasp and I let her go, but not before one final moment of tongue lashing that made her squeal with sexual delight.
As I got up to climb to the back seat, Elise reached out and got some payback for what I did. My pants were unbuttoned, and so with defy hands this girl was able to easily pull both my pants and boxers down. My dick sprang out and it felt like she immediately caught it in her mouth.
God, I nearly came. Elise gave the wettest, sloppiest BJ I've ever received in my life. She did this thing where she'd take about half my length into her mouth, suckle on it briefly before sliding it out all the while gliding her lips down to the base of my shaft. Her tongue was manic, almost vibrating as it lucked down all over the bottom half of my fuck and my balls, and when her lips came to play all I'd feel was an all-encompassing combo of heat and wetness that drove me out of my mind.
She never used her hands, by the way. Elise used then to hold me back from getting into the back of my car.
"Oh God!! Oh God!!" I muttered between sharp intakes of breath. The assault had me reeling, and I thought I was going to give and splatter her all over right there when Elise's hand was suddenly on my cock and she pulled me in.
I crashed into the backseat, and in the darkness I felt Elise position herself on top of me. I had just kicked off my pants and shoes when I felt the tip of my dick touch Elise's pussy. Slowly, Elise slid my dick up inside her, easing inch after inch inside until her pussy lips were practically kissing my balls. Soon as my sword was entirely inside her shaft Elise began to grind, moving forwards and back and side to side.
The sensation was incredible, Elise's body heat and oozing wetness superheating my already very hard and very hot cock. My own urges fired at maximum, I grabbed handfuls of her ass in both my hands, spreading her cheeks wide, as I began to pump my cock hard in and out of her.
Elise began moaning, and quickly that escalated into a series of ecstacy-infused shouts. I fucked her hard and fast, and she responded my slamming her pussy back against me just as hard and just as fast. One hand had a death grip on my shoulder, fingers digging into my flesh, while the other threatened to pull a handful of my hair. It felt like a contest on who could make the other cum first.
I won, but only by a breath.
Elise came and she came hard. Her body tightened and her thighs closed into a tight squeeze as Elise slammer her pussy one final time down my dick. Her hands locked into a tight embrace around me, and she let out a series of incoherent, probably mostly tagalog curses as she explosively orgasmed.
I came shortly right after, and I came hard. As I felt her pussy contract around my dick, my dick in turn exploded, shooting what felt like a litre of semen deep inside her. The sensation was an overload of pleasure, a real shock that rocked me from my cock to my brain. My hands, still tight around Elise's ass, were frozen, locked in position pushing her ass down for the entire duration of my climax.
We just sort of lay there for a few moments after, Elise and I hot, sweaty, and sexually spent. I thought she'd fall asleep since she seemed so unsteady from all the drinking she did earlier in the evening but no, Elise stayed awake, fingers in one hand softly tapping at my arm.
We got dressed a few moments later and we got some drive through before we got to her house. We chatted a bit and she asked if I wanted to stay the rest of the night over, but I declined, saying I had things to do the next day (which I really did). I said my goodbye, and that I'd see her around the office and then I took off.
About two weeks later, I found that Elise was being assigned to the same team as I was on. Apparently, we were going to see each other more frequently than either of us anticipated.