The long awaited morning of May 22nd was clear and warm. I showered and shaved and couldn't get the nervous jitters to go away. It had taken a great amount of willpower, but I had refrained from masturbation for the previous two days in preparation for the class. So I was really feeling on edge. The contact list of the art department models was held by magnets on my refrigerator door. I was tempted to call Jessica to make sure she remembered and was coming. But I thought she might find that insulting. She had modeled for art classes all semester without missing one. I knew this because if she had missed, Rhia, the model coordinator, would have stopped putting her on the schedule.
Katherine Tate had written 10:00 AM on the back of her business card. I was ready to go before 8:00, but I stayed in the apartment surfing the Internet and messing around on Facebook, my leg bouncing under my computer desk. When I finally couldn't stand to sit at home any longer, I grabbed my modeling bag with my robe, got in my car, and drove to the university campus. The parking lots were almost empty since the spring semester was over and the summer session hadn't begun. That thought made me wonder again about Dr. Tate's class. Why hadn't it been listed anywhere on the university's schedule of classes?
I parked and took a long walk around campus, enjoying the warm sunshine, thoughts of college girls gazing at my erect cock filling my head. I reached room 214 of the nursing building forty-five minutes early. The room looked like a regular small lecture classroom, with desks arranged in rows and a whiteboard behind the instructor's lectern. I had heard Katherine tell Jessica that she would need to be on an examining table in stirrups, so I was surprised that there was no such table in the room. I sat in one of the student desks directly in front of the lectern and took my phone out to check my Facebook and email. My leg was still bouncing as it had been at home.
After finding nothing interesting on my phone, I finally decided to go for another walk. Katherine entered the room just as I stood up. She was wore a short sleeved yellow blouse and black slacks and carried what looked like a laptop bag.
"Dan!" she exclaimed. "You're really early."
"I know. I'm always early. Better than being late."
"This is true," Katherine said with a smile as she walked into the room. "It's a sign of someone who really likes his job. You love being a nude model, don't you Dan?"
"Yes, I do."
"I thought so. I think you will enjoy my class."
She sat her bag on the desk beside me, zipped it open and withdrew a file folder.
"Since you're so early, you can have a lot more time to do fill out the pre-lab survey," she said and handed me a packet of stapled pages.
"There's a survey?" I asked, taking the packet from her. My hand was shaking a little more than I would have liked.
"Yes. It's a big part of my research."
"Research?"
"Yes. This class isn't really a class, per se. It's part of an independent research project I've got going on. The twenty-one students are really just volunteers for the project."
I looked at the first questions on the survey, and they seemed simple enough.
"And here's a pen," Katherine said. "Your name will never appear in any reports or books, so please answer each question with brutal honesty."
I took the pen and sat back down in the desk.
"Is the class meeting in here?" I asked as I wrote the number 28 in answer to the first question, about my age.
"No, it's actually next door," she replied. "I wanted you to come here first so you could fill that out. I'm going to leave you to it and go get the room ready. Thank you so much for doing this Dan."
"You're welcome. Thanks for asking me to do it."
We looked at each other and smiled before she walked out of the room. I turned my attention to the survey. "Are you a virgin?" I wrote no. "Are you currently involved in an ongoing sexual relationship?" I thought about my last steady girlfriend and how she freaked when I started modeling for art classes. Again, I wrote no. "Do you consider yourself an exhibitionist?" I thought for a moment about how much I loved modeling and about that last class I did when Katherine had walked into the studio at the end and stared at my exposed cock, how much I enjoyed that simple thing. I wrote YES in capital letters. "Have you ever been arrested or cited for any offense related to your exhibitionism?" I wrote no.
The only question on page two was, "Have you ever gone nude in public, and were you seen by anyone or not? If so, please describe your experiences?" The rest of the page was blank, and I filled it in with how I, as a teenager, used to go to a local cemetery at night and take naked walks, something I hadn't thought about in years. I wrote that I didn't think I had ever been seen but that I had always fantasized about a group of high school girls finding me and making sexual sport of me.
I spent a half hour writing answers to the rest of the questions, and by the time I was done, I felt like a total deviant. Katherine and Jessica walked into the room just as I finished.
"Hi Jessica," I said. "You made it."
She shrugged, and I noticed that she had her own survey in her hand, along with a paperback book, something by Orson Scott Card. "Yep," she said.
"You can sit and start on that," Katherine said to Jessica, motioning to one of the desks.
Katherine took my survey from me as Jessica chose a desk near the door, and, letting her backpack slide off her shoulders and drop to the floor, she sat down. Taking a deep breath, she started writing her answers.
"I know you're both nervous," Katherine said, "but I want you to just relax and have fun. I chose you because you're used to modeling nude in a classroom environment. Yes, there is a sexual element to this that you may not be used to. And after my lecture portion, I want you both to really play, either with yourselves or with each other."
"Seriously?" I said, looking to Jessica, but she kept her head down, working on her survey.
"Yes. My research is mainly on the nature of voyeurism, but exhibitionism is an element of that. I want this to begin like a regular Human Sexuality class that seems to go out of control after the lecture. There will be a camera on the class, but neither of you will be visible. Unless you wander off from the front of the room, that is. And after you leave, those students, volunteers, will be rather busy with different activities. Surveys, discussions, etc."
Jessica was still filling out her form and hadn't reacted to Katherine's shocking declaration that she and I were to "play" after the lecture. I wondered if the two of them had talked during the twelve days since we first met Katherine.
"So, by play you mean actual masturbation?" I said, not believing the words coming out of my mouth.
"Yes, that's one option. You do remember that I said that we would like to see you ejaculate?"
"Yeah."
"Well, that's not exactly going to happen by itself now, is it?" Katherine said with a little laugh.
"No, I guess not."
I took a deep breath, wondering if this was real. I've always tried to be professional when modeling for art classes. Even though the models are nude, there is nothing overtly sexual ever discussed or presented by any of the teachers, models, or students. And yet, I still fantasized about just such a scenario, modeling with an erection, seeing a beautiful female model spread out in front of me. I thought about pinching myself, wondering if this was really happening to me.
Jessica finished her survey and handed it to Katherine without a word. She finished so quickly that I wondered if she'd had the same survey I did.
"Thank you Jessica." Katherine put both of our surveys into a manila folder in her laptop bag, then looked back up at the two of us. "Are you ready?"
I was practically bouncing with anticipation. "Yes," I said. Jessica just nodded.
Katherine smiled and said, "Follow me then."
She led us out of the room, down the hall, and into what looked like a small theater. There must have been a hundred seats on raised rows. At the bottom was a small stage with an examining table in the middle. We followed Katherine down the steps to the front of the room. There were people sitting in the first two rows. I did a quick count, something I usually did in every art class, and came up with twenty-one, thirteen girls and eight guys.
"Good morning everyone," Katherine said to the group. She motioned to a door behind the examining table. "You can change in there," she said in a quiet voice to us.
"Good morning," several voices from the group said in response.
Jessica and I went through the door which opened into a small store room. We could still hear Katherine talking even after we had closed the door.
"I'd like to thank each of you for agreeing to participate in this project. As you know, my name is Dr. Katherine Tate, and I'm a professor in the psychology department here at the university. Our two subjects are Dan and Jessica. You just saw them come in with me, and they are getting ready."
As Jessica and I removed our clothes, Katherine continued giving what sounded like a general introduction to sexual anatomy. I got completely naked before even taking my robe out of my bag. In previous encounters with Jessica in the models' changing room in the art building, she had always taken off her top and put her sheet around her before removing her pants and underwear. But today, she stripped down completely before wrapping the sheet around herself. This sight of her toned body, her luscious breasts and pink nipples, and her nicely trimmed pubic hair was enough to get my blood flowing. I put my robe on, covering my semi-erection.
"Do we wait for her to call us?" I whispered.
Jessica shrugged. She was always quiet, but, except for taking it all off before covering with her sheet, she was especially withdrawn today. Katherine knocked on the door, and said, "We're ready."
Jessica and I looked at each other. We both took a deep breath, and I opened the door. We walked out to a smattering of applause.
Katherine directed us to the front of the stage, just in front of the examining table, with Jessica on the right side of it and me on the left. Once we got into position, Katherine nodded. I took off the robe, feeling the rush of exposure. Taking the robe off in front of a new class was always exhilarating and liberating, and just a bit humbling. Rather than letting my robe fall to the floor, Katherine floated behind me and took it. She moved from me over to Jessica and took her sheet from her.
"You'll notice that both of our subjects have fairly normal to athletic proportions," Katherine said as she opened the door to the store room and threw the robe and sheet inside. "Jessica, for instance, was on her high school swim team and still swims laps regularly."
How the hell did she know that, I wondered, and then realized that she and Jessica had to have spoken at length before the class. I glanced over at Jessica, who stood tall and naked, with her head up, gazing at some fixed point above where the class was sitting. I turned back to the front, scanning the group. A young blonde girl smiled at me when our eyes met. I wondered how my penis was doing, and when I shifted my stance, I felt it swaying against my thigh. I wasn't erect, but I wasn't completely flaccid either. I smiled back at the blonde and kept looking at the group.
"Dan has been modeling for the art department for more than two years and feels quite comfortable being naked in a group setting," Katherine said. "So feel free to look at both of our subjects all you want."
My eyes were drawn to a young brunette with denim shorts and an old '80s style Joan Jett and the Blackhearts concert t-shirt. Her eyes seemed to scan every inch of my body as she shifted in her seat. Her breasts were small, and she seemed to be braless under the shirt as I could see the prominent points of her nipples. I knew I was supposed to show them an erection eventually, but I really needed to clear my mind so I didn't sport one too early.
Katherine talked about our general body shapes, noting that my hips were narrower and my shoulders broader than Jessica's. She then started talking about our genitals, and she started with me, moving so that she stood right beside me.
"In uncircumcised males, the foreskin normally covers the head of the penis and then retracts during arousal," she said. "But Dan is circumcised, so the head is always exposed." She bent over slightly, pointing at my dick. "The head here that looks like a helmet..." Katherine looked up at me and whispered, "Could you hold your penis up so they can see the bottom side?" I held it up against my belly by the tip, and she continued with her lecture. "... is called the glans. There are approximately 4,000 deliciously sensitive nerve endings throughout the surface of the glans that are the primary source of a male's physical stimulation during sexual intercourse."
Katherine described the various shapes of the glans and of the rest of the penis using a variety of technical words. As she talked, I looked out at the group of twenty-one, but the one I found fascinating was Joan Jett girl. She was leaned forward as far as she could over the desk, as if she couldn't stand not having a closer view. Her nipples were attempting to cut holes in that Joan Jett t-shirt, but the thing that really sent me over the edge was seeing her right hand between her legs. Her fingers seemed to be moving, although the shadows made it difficult to see exactly what she was doing. Her dark lashes seemed to wave at me every time she blinked her eyes.
"OK, you can let it go now," Katherine said, and it took me a couple of seconds to realize that she was talking to me.
I let go of my penis, but I didn't feel it go very far. I heard a few gasps, and I saw Joan Jett girl shudder. Looking down, I saw that I had a full ninety-degree erection.
Katherine smiled and said, "And that, ladies and gentlemen, is a wonderful example of a male erection." She gazed down at my cock while she talked to the students. "The average erection is somewhere around five inches long. Dan is bigger than average. I would say that he's between seven and eight inches long, but it's the girth that really impresses. Have you ever measured your circumference?"
I shook my head, my mouth too dry to speak.
"Let's take care of that right now."
She moved behind me and opened a drawer on the side of the examining table. I turned and saw her take out a cloth tape measure.
"You don't mind if I inadvertently touch you, do you?"
Once again, I shook my head.
"All right, we'll just go ahead and measure the length too. I'll start at the base on the top side of the penis."
Katherine put her finger with the end of the tape into the small patch of pubic hair and extended the tape. I watched everything she did since I was curious. I hadn't measured the length of my dick since high school. It had been an even seven inches then.
"Seven and three quarters," Katherine announced. "And now the width."
She wrapped the tape measure around my cock just below the ridge of the glans, her fingers glazing over my sensitive skin and sending shock waves that I felt in my gut and spine. She held the tape up and looked closely at it.
"Over a full six inches in circumference," she gloated. There were a few ah's from the class, and Joan Jett girl bit down on her lower lip. "In my experience, that's well above normal. I hope your girlfriends weren't too small and tight."
"They wouldn't be for long," a female voice said. Laughter followed, but Katherine held up her hand.
"Remember the protocols we all agreed to," she said in a stern voice.
There were a few murmurs, followed by silence.
"Now Dan, could you turn and give us a profile?"
I turned, my hard cock waving in the air, toward the examining table and Jessica, who was still standing. She was turned slightly toward me with one hand on her hip, watching the whole thing. She and I smiled at each other.
"You can see how rigid the penis gets when it's erect. Dan's is sticking up at a slightly higher than 90 degree angle from his body. And that little bead coming out at the end is called bulbourethral fluid, although the slang term is pre-cum. That serves as a natural lubricant for sexual intercourse, and it also helps protect the sperm during ejaculation. It is not seminal fluid, but if the male has urinated since his last ejaculation, sperm can get into it."
Per-cum was one of the things I fought against in art classes. I had never gotten fully erect, but pre-cum can appear during any partial erection. I had noticed it in a couple of classes, felt embarrassed, and discreetly tried to wipe it off if I could. But due to the sexual nature of this class, I didn't feel much embarrassment by it at that moment.
"Dan," Katherine whispered in my ear, "could I get you to lie down on the examining table? I want to talk about your testicles."
I hadn't expected this, but I slowly nodded. Katherine swiftly rolled a sheet of wax paper over the vinyl padding of the table, talking as she did so.
"Dan is going to get on the table so we can talk about the rest of the male anatomy."
I lay down as Katherine unfolded the stirrups. I loved over at Jessica who had a smirk on her face, and I wondered again how much she and Katherine had talked.
Looking at the ceiling, I put my feet in the stirrups, and then I did feel embarrassment. Katherine talked about my testes and scrotum and what each of them did. My cock was lying on my belly, and the drop of pre-cum had fallen and rolled into my belly button. The erection had started to subside, probably from the humiliation, until I felt Katherine's fingers gently push up on one testicle as if weighing it. Her touch once again sent a charge through my body.
"In order to produce sperm, the testicles have to be kept at a certain temperature somewhat lower than our internal body temperature," Katherine lectured. "Because of that, they have to be kept outside the body in the scrotum, which acts as a thermostat. You guys will know that it shrinks up when it's cold and hangs loose when hot. That's also why getting in a hot tub will have a temporary adverse effect on one's fertility. So when you get married and want to try to conceive a child, stay away from hot tubs."
I felt both testicles being pushed up, and Katherine started talking about my perineum and anus, showing them to the class. My feelings of humiliation magnified, I raised my head and looked down, hoping that Katherine was almost finished. I almost gasped in shock when I realized that it was Jessica and not Katherine holding my balls. Jessica looked at me, smiled and winked, then looked back down at my cock. I sensed a conspiracy, but it was a conspiracy I was willing to go along with for the time being. I lowered my head, as Katherine talked about the prostate and the methods for examining and/or stimulating it. I was starting to get scared that she or Jessica was actually going to stick a finger up my ass in front of the entire group when Katherine finished and told me I could get up.
I removed my feet from the stirrups and rolled off the table, glad I wasn't a woman and had to endure that at the doctor's office on a regular basis. Katherine whisked the wax paper off the table, wadded it up and threw it in the wastebasket against the back wall.
"If you'll just stand here while I talk about the female," Katherine whispered to me. I nodded and took my former place beside the table.
Katherine moved to the other side and said, "Now let's talk about the female. The external differences are apparent, and that's because, unlike the male, the female sexual organs are almost all internal."
I watched as Katherine talked about and pointed to Jessica's breasts. She had Jessica stand in profile and talked about the hips and buttocks, and how the female body carried a baby during pregnancy. I just watched, taking in Jessica's shapely legs, her smooth skin, the curve of her pubic mound, and the luscious curls of her bush. The sight, which I was unabashedly enjoying for the first time, was enough to keep my dick hard.
Katherine once again pulled a sheet of wax paper over the examining table and asked Jessica to lie down.
"Now let's take a look at the vulva in as much detail as we can," Katherine said as Jessica got settled into the stirrups. "Although Jessica did leave a very attractive bush, she graciously removed the hair around her labia so that we can see the anatomy in more detail."
Katherine put surgical gloves on and began talking about the outer and inner labia. I leaned forward as far as I could, trying to see Jessica's most private and sensitive parts. Even though we had modeled together for art classes on at least four occasions, I had never seen so much as a hint of pink between her legs. Whenever Katherine would say something, she would step aside and make sure the class got to see everything. Seeing Jessica's legs apart with Katherine's gloved fingers spreading the folds of her pussy seemed to increase my heart beat. I looked down and saw my cock throbbing. Someone could have taken my pulse just from watching my dick. I looked up and saw Joan Jett Girl's eyes going from Jessica's pussy to my cock, her hand still between her legs and her nipples still poking against that shirt.
"Up top," Katherine said, "is the clitoral hood. A lot of men mistake it for the clitoris, but that's actually underneath. When you think about it, the hood is like the foreskin on a male, and the clitoris is like the glans." Katherine pushed up on the clitoral hood, and even from my angle, I saw Jessica's clit emerge. "There is the clitoris. If you will recall, I said that the glans of the penis contained 4000 nerve endings. This clitoris has double that, and as you can see by looking from Jessica's clitoris over to Dan's penis, the clitoris is much smaller. So the clit may be the most sensitive and sensual part of a human body."
I noticed that Jessica's rate of breathing had increased, and she had almost a grimace on her face. Wanting to do something to let her know I was there and commiserated with her and knowing that she had, with a wink and a smile, just handled my balls, I reached out and took her hand. She squeezed it, looking at me with a relieved smile. Jessica closed her mouth and eyes, breathing noisily through her nostrils.
"Jessica has been gracious enough to grant all of you a rare view at a cervix," Katherine said, taking a plastic tool from a drawer on the other side of the examining table. She squirted some lube on it, rubbing it along the length.
"I'm going to insert the speculum now," she whispered to Jessica, who nodded without opening her eyes.
Jessica's grip on my hand tightened as I watched the speculum go into her pussy. Katherine adjusted a couple of things on it, then moved the pen light into place.
"There it is," Katherine said loudly enough for everyone to hear. "Everything looks normal and healthy." She looked up at me. "Would you like to see?"
I nodded, and Katherine motioned me over.
"Don't step off the dais unless you want to be on camera," she whispered to me.
Letting go of Jessica's hand, I stepped over, keeping my feet firmly planted on the platform, leaned back, and looked inside Jessica. I saw what appeared to be a pink disc with a hole in the middle, the light making it look close to the opening of her pussy.
"That's her cervix?" I asked.
Katherine nodded.
"It doesn't look very deep."
"The vagina expands during intercourse," Katherine explained. "Although someone of your size would hit the cervix during deep thrusting."
I stood transfixed, looking inside this beautiful girl, at the cervix, the pink walls of her vagina held open by the clear plastic speculum, the tuft of pubic hair above, and the delicate folds of skin all around. Something like a charge of electricity passed through my body, and it almost felt like I was going to cum right there.
"Are you all right?" Katherine asked.
I looked down and didn't see any semen, but my cock was still throbbing and hard. Katherine reached over and gave it a caress with her fingertips, out of view of the class.
"Yeah, I'm fine," I said and moved back to the side of the table.
"All right," Katherine said to the class. "Let's start on the first row to the left. Please come up, but don't step up on the stage." She angled the light to make it easy to see inside Jessica from a lower angle.
The student volunteers came up and spent about thirty seconds each looking into Jessica's pussy. I stood facing them, and a few of the girls took the opportunity to get a closer view of my erect cock. After six or seven students had come up, Jessica reached out and wrapped her hand around my dick. I drew a deep breath at her intimate touch, but I didn't try to step away. Two more students took their turn looking before the blonde who had smiled at me at the beginning of the class approached. She raised her hand, and Katherine said, "Yes?"
"The cervix looks kind of like the end of his penis."
Everyone looked at my cock then, Jessica's hand and fingers hiding most of it other than the very end.
"Why yes it does!" Katherine exclaimed. "I'm so glad someone brought that up. Looking at both of them, especially at the same time, you can definitely see the resemblance. It just goes to show that men and women are not as different as we make them out to be."
The blonde moved along. When Joan Jett girl walked up, she had her hands in front of her, but I still noticed the wet spot on the front of her denim shorts. She kept her gaze on my cock until she got right in front of Jessica and only then pulled her eyes away to look inside.
When the last student had filed by, Katherine gently removed the speculum. As she was doing so, Jessica looked at me and whispered "Come here."
I stepped over, thinking that she was going to say something in my ear. But before I could bend down, she raised up on one elbow and put her mouth around my cock. My knees went weak, and I almost fell. My eyes darted up to Katherine, thinking that she would yell at Jessica to stop, that this wasn't proper, but Katherine merely watched as Jessica's tongue washed over my erect cock. Things got wild after that...
To be continued....