It was early in the afternoon when Angel arrived at the photographer's studio. She had decided that it was time to refresh her portfolio. It had been some time since her dancing photos had updated and she wanted a new perspective.
Despite the studio being attached to his home, it was very professionally set out. Lights on tripods, various background screens and a table full of cameras and other electronic equipment showed that this was not an amateur arrangement. She noted one of the cameras was a Leica and probably worth more than her car. It was next to the latest iPad. Old next to new.
The room was not a sterile environment. It was part of his home, and a comfortable lounge and two easy chairs offered a relaxing side.
"Make yourself comfortable," he said, "there's tea, coffee or if you want, some wine"
"I'd love a gin and tonic. It's been a while since I've professionally modelled."
Angel had explained on the phone earlier that she was a semi professional dancer but her dancing had been sidelined in the last couple of years for a number of reasons. New circumstances in a new town offered the opportunity to 'get back on the horse' as she termed it.
She was nervous. She gulped half of her drink then said "right, where do we begin?"
"You can change in the room on the left, while I get my gear. We'll start with some action shots of you dancing then move to some portraits in costume."
Minutes later Angel swirled back into the studio, wearing her sequinned bodysuit. Tassels hung from her brightly coloured outfit, swinging from her breasts. Lace stockings covered her long dancers legs and Angel had bright yellow feathers in her hair. He had turned on the stereo and was playing the cd she'd given him earlier.
She twirled, the camera in his hands clicking, music pulsating.
After five minutes, Angel changed costumes and had another strong drink.
More music followed and the afternoon wore on. Angel was enjoying herself and getting a little tipsy as she performed her last pirouette.
"Thank you so much. This is fun"
Maybe it was all the gin, maybe it was the excitement of dancing again, but for whatever reason Angel slipped a brief kiss on him as she danced off to change back to her day clothes.
When she reentered the room, wearing blue jeans and a black T-shirt, he was standing at the camera table with a drink in one hand. The afternoon sun was streaming in the window. Soon it would be dark.
"Do you feel up to some casual portraits" he asked.
"Sure," Angel replied striking a pose, one hand on her hip and the other behind her head. Her breasts stretched the soft fabric of her shirt. Somehow in the rush of changing clothes, she forgotten her bra.
He laughed. "Nothing so formal. Just sit over on the lounge and relax." He had the iPad and as Angel repositioned herself on the lounge, he clicked a few shots.
They chatted, she drank, he "clicked " with the iPad. Angel was enjoying his company, and felt a bit adventurous.
"Can I pose for you" she asked with a grin. "Something a bit different?"
Without waiting for his reply, Angel whipped off her T-shirt, tossing it to one side. Her hands cupped her breasts, protecting her modesty. The iPad clicked softly.
*** ***
He caught the T-shirt with one hand. It was warm from Angel's body. As he threw it back to her there was a wisp of her perfume.
"Put it back on, but tight as possible," he suggested.
Turning her back to him, Cara knotted the soft black cotton so it was stretched to its limits. She faced him, her midriff bare and her nipples proud.
"Better", he said, as he clicked more photos.
Angel arched her back as she posed.
With a smile, she turned he back on him, bending low. Her arse was perfectly formed in her blue jeans.
When she faced him, Angel could easily see the bulge in his jeans.
Angel licked her lips as she downed another gin and tonic.
She bent over again, she liked how her arse looked in this pose. It also hid from him that Angel was unbuckling her jeans.
She sat back on the lounge. "Can I see what you've done?" She asked innocently.
Taking the iPad to the table he said "sure".
Angel moved up behind him, looking over his shoulder as images flicked across the iPad.
"These look good," she said, moving in front of him. He pressed up against her as she went from image to image. Clever camera angles meant that none of her nakedness was visible, just enough to tease. The bulge in his jeans grew bigger.
Angel sat on the lounge, her belt undone but her jeans remained closed. Angel could feel the effect of several gins on an empty stomach. It gave her confidence to pop her jeans and slowly her fingers started to slide her zip down.
If the size of the bulge in his jeans indicated his arousal, it was matched by the increasing dampness of her black underwear.
***
Reaching to put her glass on the table, Angel's jeans slide to the floor. He moved to put the iPad away and she stopped him with a word.
"No. Keep going. These are for my personal collection" she said as she kicked off her jeans.
"I feel like Michael Jackson," Angel laughed as she posed provocatively with one hand on her crotch. Her delicate white fingers were a stark contrast with the black cotton underwear. As she moonwalked in front of him, she laughed.
"How about this," she asked, hooking her thumb under her waistband and pulling her underwear low. Thin wisps of pubic hair appeared. Angel enjoyed teasing him.
Angel danced over to him and carefully undid his belt and jeans. The bulge was huge and Angel wanted to see the treasures encased in his jeans. With a little difficulty, his jeans were gone. His erection pushed against the thin cotton fabric of his underwear. The tip was clearly outlined.
He moved towards her. She pushed him back and sat on the edge of the lounge, her long legs spread wide. He leaned back against the desk and watched. Angel moaned slightly as she finally removed her T-shirt. She caressed her freed nipples while he stared hungrily.
Angel picked up his iPad and began taking photos. "Play with yourself, please" she murmured, "I want to see you enjoy yourself."
He didn't need much encouragement. Quickly removing his clothing, he leaned back, fully nude and very visibly aroused.
As Angel watched him rub his hand up his shaft, her fingers crept under the band of her underwear. Moving with a rhythm to match his hand, she stroked herself. She watched as his pre cum was spreading across the tip of his penis. At the same time, her fingers felt her juices being to flow.
Angel didn't have time to pull down her underwear. She didn't want to stop caressing her clit and her eyes were locked on his pulsing body.
When she sensed that he was ready and just before her own climax engulfed her, she fell to her knees before him. She grasped his bum pulling him closer as she gently kissed his cock. It tasted salty. Her tongue licked his knob and she could feel his excitement.
"Wait, please wait" she cried, falling onto her back, dragging him down on top of her. Pulling her underwear to one side, she quickly guided him into her wet cunt.
One thrust was all that was required.
Together they peaked. His sperm burst into her as tingling waves of emotion cascaded over her body.
They stayed locked together as the evening shadows fell across the room.
Later, they re-enacted some of the iPad photos and took more to inspire themselves later. Angel particularly enjoyed taking photos of him and his cock, while he wanted to relive her fingers exposing the first hints of her pubic hair emerging from her tight, damp underwear.