It had been a typical night at the Bush Pub and Bush pubs were a feature of life in South Africa at that time. There was usually a pool table, not necessarily level, a spreading tree outside for shade and lots of banter, but very very seldom any women.
Of course the macho attitude of the day meant that the conversation was pretty risqué and the language pretty ripe. These guys called a spade a spade, but that's true the world over.
I was now on my third consecutive game of pool, having beaten my opponents twice, and looking for a third victory.
"This game is going to be my last." Jack advised, "I need to get back."
I hadn't known Jack for long, we'd met on a job a couple of months previously and got along well, hence we had met up at the Bush pub for a drink after work.
"Pussy whipped is it?" Was one response, and a lot more ribaldry followed.
"Come back to my place." Jack invited both of us, "the beer is colder and the welcome is warmer, that I can guarantee."
"No fucking fear!" Andy continued, "if you have to get back, I have no desire to meet up with some angry bint whose old man stayed out after his pass out."
Jack looked a bit sideways and simply replied with, "Your loss."
The banter flew back and forth for some time as the game progressed to its final, and to me obvious, conclusion.
"So you look like the winner tonight, Tom. Fancy a night cap chez moi."
A few cheap remarks about the pretentious French clap trap followed before Andy and I jumped into Jack's bakky and set off for his place. It has to be said that it was a pretty cool place and the 'bint' who was commanding Jack's return was much more attractive than frightening.
Sam, a slightly unusual name for a girl at that time, was pretty bloody fit. I mean, I know she was Jack's wife, and I know a mate isn't supposed to notice this shit, but she had a great pair of tits. Not only great tits but legs that seemed to go right up to her neck.
The whole thing was topped off by a rather cheeky face, framed by a completely square bob hairdo, that set off her smile perfectly and she wore one of those full length clingy dresses so fashionable at the time.
Far from being disagreeable, she welcomed us and offered, "So what's it to be? Beer? Brandy? Or coffee."
Somewhat surprised by this spontaneous hospitality, Andy and I opted for a beer while Jack had a coffee. As soon as the drinks were poured Sam ushered us to the comfortable chairs on the stoep.
"Would you pop the outside lights on, sweetheart. It looks so much better."
This didn't sound like an angry woman anxiously awaiting her husband's return. Jack did as he was asked and the garden was bathed in a soft green light while the crystal clear water sparkled from the many pool lights. It looked really impressive.
The conversation started normally enough, but definitely had a bit of a risqué edge to it, mostly driven by Sam who wanted to know what we'd been up to, and if Shana, the barmaid, was wearing a bra or not. Of course we didn't answer and just mumbled something unintelligible.
"Jack will know. He always notices a fine pair of tits, don't you Jack?"
"Observation skills sweetie, observation skills, honed over years of lusting after bar maids."
This, I was not expecting, colourful banter between husband and wife. While this went on she sauntered around the stoep, glass of wine in hand, apparently unaware that the garden lights were shining through the thin material of her dress giving Andy and I a spectacular view.
I'm sure Andy noticed and I certainly did. What is it about the silhouette of a virtually naked mature woman, that is so irresistible? Now I was actually wondering if she was wearing anything else? Anything at all, under that now semi transparent dress?
"So was she wearing a bra, or was she letting it all hang out for her boys as usual?"
I was jerked back from my daydream as the banter continued.
"I'd say braless." Jack volunteered. "Those puppies were definitely off the lead."
I became distracted again as Sam stopped walking around and stood motionless, with one hand on her hip, wine in the other and her legs slightly parted. The silhouette was just what you'd imagine! Put it this way, she definitely had hair down there.
"You men are so obvious! Stare down the valley between a couple of tits and I bet you don't even count your change."
Can she be unaware? It can't be intentional as Jack is there too, but from his seat he was only getting the profile, we were getting the full frontal treatment.
"Anyway, for sure she's got great tits, but not as good as yours."
Am I hearing this? Sam sashayed over to me.
"Is that true? Are they not as good as mine."
Before I had time to process the question Jack stopped her.
"That's an unfair question! He can't say hers, it wouldn't be polite and he can't tell what yours are like, hidden under that halter dress, so unfair question."
Sam now took centre stage,
"I'll give you unfair question!" As she reached behind her neck and tugged at the bow that held her dress up. She lowered the top suggestively half way down her chest revealing a substantial amount of cleavage.
"So, Tom, better than mine, or not?"
Ever the politician, I had no hesitation in pronouncing hers the best.
"Well now that we've got that sorted, who's for another beer." Jack's offer was met with Sam's reply.
"I'd rather have a dip but I'm not going in alone. Who's going to come with me? Into the pool I mean, that sounded so much worse than I intended."
By now we were getting used to the banter and Andy made the standard no swimwear excuse.
"No! Skinny silly! I'm certainly not going upstairs to find a costume and neither are you guys, so come on, off with your kit and jump in."
This was about to get uncomfortable, I mean Jack was putting up with us ogling his very attractive wife, but would he want us to ogle her naked? The answer was not long in coming and was totally unexpected. Jack pulled his T shirt over his head and undid his belt.
"I'll join you."
What? I thought, is he really comfortable with us watching his wife get naked? The next few moments produced even more surprises.
"I'm not getting my tits out unless we all go in." And she stared pointedly at Andy. "Come on boys, what you got that I haven't seen before? Or are your cocks so small you are embarrassed."
She walked over to Andy, holding her dress in front of her not inconsiderable chest, with one hand, took his hand with the other and pulled him to his feet. Andy started to fumble with his belt in spite of the slight swelling in the front of his jeans.
I, realising the obvious, quickly stood up and got out of my clothes as quickly as possible and ran to the pool, to the accompaniment of the cheers from everyone except Andy, whose state of excitement was starting to become obvious.
Eventually he wrestled free of his clothes and somewhat inelegantly ran for the pool, with his semi erect cock flapping in the air in front of him. Jack joined us a moment or two later and we all lined up at the near edge waiting expectantly for Sam's next move. She sauntered over towards the pool and stopped, bathed in the outside lights.
She took one of the ties of her halter dress in each hand and held them high above her head, gave a cheeky grin, and let go. The sheer material slid provocatively over her full breasts, down over her bum, into a heap on the floor.
She stood naked at the edge of the pool for a few seconds before sauntering over to the steps. Naturally we all turned to watch as she took the steps slowly, one at a time. Half way down she stopped with the water level at mid thigh.
"So are my tits better than Shana's, boys? Don't need to answer, your looks say it all."
With only our heads above water and looking towards the steps, it wasn't her tits that was the first thing to come into view, it was her neatly quaffed pussy. Short dark well trimmed hairs that just failed to conceal the lips of her sex. There was a slight splash as she entered and swam towards us with the water flowing smoothly over the contours of her well toned buttocks. A vision.
I couldn't help but notice that her skin tone was the same from head to foot, no strap marks, no white areas over her breasts and, more significantly, no white buttocks. She obviously enjoyed sunbathing in the nude.
All these lecherous thoughts were starting to have an effect on my cock. Shit! I better not get an erection in front of Jack. That would be embarrassing, I could tell how uncomfortable Andy had been, trying to get the few yards to the pool with his tumescent cock preceding him.
We splashed about a bit, had a bit more risqué chat until I found myself at one end of the pool with Sam, while Jack and Andy were at the other.
"Cock check." Said the female voice in my ear, and before I could react, her hand had slipped between my legs, cupped my balls while the other gave my cock one or two encouraging strokes.
"Oh that will never do." She said, warming to her task.
"Hey, you'd better stop that." I protested rather weakly, "Jack is going to get pretty cross if this continues."
"Silly boy! No he won't! Why do you think he brought you here? That's the whole idea. I get to tease a couple of hot guys and he gets to watch."
"You mean he enjoys watching you flirt?"
Next came a bombshell, something I really was not expecting. Not even in my wildest fantasy.
"Yes! Exactly, he enjoys watching me flirt and tease guys, getting them worked up, but......"
"But?"
She leaned forwards, her breasts rubbing my chest delightfully as she fondled my balls and toyed with my cock.
"But not as much as he enjoys watching me fuck them!"
Stunned silence! A long pause as she continued to manipulate my cock and stroke my balls.
"So? So is that cock going to stay hard enough to have some fun, or are you going to get performance anxiety and go soft on me? I want you to fuck me, actually what I really want, is to fuck you, so let's get that cock good and stiff and then move to somewhere more appropriate."
She led me to the steps and we climbed out together, my erection no longer inconspicuous as she held it firmly. Andy's face was a picture. I'm surprised he didn't drown as his jaw fell open.
She took me over to a sun lounger and we dried off with a couple of big fluffy towels. I normally have sex in private, (don't we all?) so I have to admit I was a bit concerned. Did Jack really not mind that I was about to fuck his wife? Not only fuck his wife, but fuck her while he watched. Would my cock let me down and go soft at the thought of being watched?
All my fears disappeared as Sam kissed me deeply, squeezing her impressive tits to my chest, then, running her hands down my spine and over my buttocks. She broke from the kiss and squatted in front of me. The view down over her breasts to her splayed thighs and the dark hair beyond was as impressive as it was erotic. She took my cock softly into her warm welcoming mouth.
It didn't take long for her expert oral attentions to produce an erection that, to be fair, I was proud of. Performance anxiety wasn't going to be a problem, I would have still had an erection if I'd been on a stage in front of thousands. I looked down at her as she looked up into my eyes and continued to suck with increasing enthusiasm, while still fondling my balls. Eventually she let my cock slip from her mouth, and a thin string of saliva and precum kept us connected briefly.
I had barely noticed the others getting out of the pool. Jack had obviously seen that the action was about to start and he and Andy now sat on a nearby lounger, taking in the scene. Andy was swathed modestly in a towel, while Jack sat there naked and openly stroked his erection.
Sam had been right, Jack was obviously getting off on the fact that he was about to watch another man fuck his wife. By now I was too far gone to give a damn about the whys and wherefores, I was hard and she was hot.
She stood up again and kissed me deeply once more.
"I like sucking too," she remarked casually, "and if I cum first, I'll finish you off in my mouth." And lay down on the lounger with her thighs splayed. Now this was an incentive, specially just having been treated to a sample of her oral talents!
I knelt between her splayed thighs, admired the open pinkness of her clearly excited sex, and set to work. Rather than just dive in, I decided to take my time and started by licking and nibbling her inner thigh, right up to the already opening lips of her sex but without actually touching them.
The groans of appreciation told me I was on the right track and I continued with the other thigh. After a while, I felt her hands on the back of my head forcing it down into her cunt.
"Enough with the teasing." Was all I heard as I started firm upward strokes, finishing on her clit. I was now only vaguely aware that Andy too had taken himself in hand. The wriggling and squirming below me continued, as I concentrated more and more on her clit with soft flicking strokes of my tongue.
She got increasingly animated and more and more noisy, until she let out a low gurgle, lifted her bum off the lounger and forced her sex up into my face before collapsing back onto the lounger.
"Now you lie down." She commanded and I took my place on the sun lounger now fully aware of the two pairs of eyes trained on us. Sam produced a condom from somewhere, peeled open the packet and popped it into her mouth. As she leant forward her breasts caressed my lower thighs and she took my cock in one hand and expertly rolled the condom on with her lips. Then she straddled the lounger and lowered herself onto my thighs while holding my cock just in front of her slightly parted pussy lips.
She skilfully massaged her protruding clit with my covered dick, as her juices flowed freely. In spite of the condom and the audience, I found this experience highly stimulating and was concerned that I was going to have the greatest of difficulty lasting long enough to get my promised reward, but hey an orgasm while fucking would have to do!
This eroticism was heightened by my being unable to resist stroking her magnificent breasts with their now button hard nipples.
"Mmm I like that." Sam breathed, still rubbing herself with the tip of my cock.
"I really like that......
"But this........
"This is........
"Absolutely........
"The best bit!"
She straightened her legs a little, guided the tip of my cock into her wetness and lowered herself onto me.
"Oh fuck........
"That.......
"That is......
"Fucking amazing."
As she started to rock gently back and forth, grinding her pelvis onto mine.
"There is no sensation in the world," she whispered, leaning forward allowing her breasts to trail on my chest.
"No sensation in this world," she continued, as my cock slid gently in and out of her sex.
"Quite like fucking with an audience! Particularly when one of them is your husband. Oh fuck. Oh FUCK........
"Stay still wile....
"OH FUCK..."
I felt her contractions grip my cock as she sat bolt upright and ground her pelvis down hard for a final time.
"Shit, fucking, fucking, fuck, I don't usually cum that easily." She leant forward and rested her breasts on my chest for a while before sitting up again, and, taking the weight on her feet, rose sufficiently for my still stiff dick to fall from its haven.
True to her word, she slid down the lounger and pulled the condom off with one deft movement, before taking me gently in her mouth.
"OK." She said between strokes, "let's see how long you last!"
The experience of the last few minutes indicated that it wasn't going to be very long, but what the hell, she'd had what she wanted, this was my time. Sure enough, very shortly, I felt familiar sensations as she stroked my balls while continuing to slurp and suck the tip of my cock, paying particular attention to the sensitive frenulum.
I felt my balls involuntarily contract in the palm of her hand and, with several powerful spurts, I emptied myself into her mouth and it was all over, or nearly so. Sam looked up from her task, stared me in the eyes, opened her mouth to show me the fruit of her labour, smiled and swallowed the lot.
"I don't know why you men like that bit so much, but hey, if you do you do. But this is the best bit for me."
She took my softening cock back into her mouth and sucked with renewed vigour. It was very sensitive, having just cum, and it hurt, but in a good way. The more she kept sucking the more it hurt until eventually, my protests encouraged her to let my poor cock go and it flopped onto my stomach, soft, wet, and still leaking the last drops of cum.
.....to be continued.
As always, I do like to know what you think, even just a few words. Feedback is so encouraging and one of my main motivators so did you like the story line? The descriptions? Or whatever?