James left the bedroom and headed to the spare room, leaving me alone with his lingerie clad slut wife, to do as we wished, and I wished to do numerous unspeakable acts to his sexy hot wife!
Suzi stretches out on the bed with her thigh length booted legs wide open showing her delicious smooth slit and her just fucked asshole with a little trickle of my spunk spilling out. She took her gloves right hand and circled her puckered ring with her index fingertip. Teasing her asshole she began to slide her finger into her asshole and scooped up a slithering of my spunk. Taking her gloves hand to her mouth, she moved her head backwards and let the spunk drip into her open mouth. This sight alone was causing my cock to begin to stiffen. Suzi looked at my ever hardening cock and smiled.
"Put that between my lips and let my tongue get it hard for you!"
Not needing to be told twice, I climbed up the bed till my cock was level with Suzi's mouth. She opened her full lips and slid them over the head of my cock, slowly taking my length into her mouth as she rocked her hips gently as though she was being fucked.
I watched intently as her voluptuous sexy lips slid along my shaft, tantalising every sexual nerve in my aroused cock.
Her gloved right hand was stroking her shaved slit as she moaned, causing the sound to vibrate on my cock. It was hard to believe that my friends hot wife was sucking my cock like a high class whore. Her gloves fingers slid inside her perfect slit as she teased her clitoris and wet pussylips. Her movement increased as she pleasures herself whilst sucking on my hard cock. Her huge firm breasts were rising and falling with each excited breath she took. Her nipples were erect and poking forward from her perfect globes. Her lingerie clad body look magnificently erotic as she continued pleasure my cock and her sweet tight pussy. Her moaning became more rapid as she approached her orgasm. She took my cock from her mouth, holding it with her gloves left hand as her orgasm burst through her. Kissing my cock as she panted her way through her orgasm. I looked at this absolute sex goddess willing to do anything for my pleasure, gently kissing my cock as she almost sobbed her way through her orgasm.
She released my cock from her grip as I jumped between her opened legs. Judging the head of my cock on her pussylips, her petals opened as my cock slid inside her tight velvet crevice with consulate ease.
Suzi pulled my head to hers and kissed me passionately as her thigh length boots wrapped around my waist, pushing my cock deeper inside her. Suzi moaned loudly and said in a hoarse sexy voice.
"Fuck me Neil! Your cock feels so much bigger than James!"
I'm sure this was said loud enough for James's benefit but I can say quite clearly that it had a magnificent effect on me. Her hips were gyrating, grinding every ounce of pleasure out of my rock hard cock.
"Keep fucking me!" Suzi whispered "I need this cock inside me!"
Her soft full lips brushed against my own, as she ran the tip of her tongue over my lips and teeth, moaning continuously as she did so. My hands covered her huge firm breasts, her erect nipples responding to my delicate touch. I looked down at my hard cock coated in her sexual excitement as my cock slid in and out of what can only be described as heaven. Suzi's eyes were half closed with lust as her orgasm began to take effect. Her moaning intensified along with her hip movements. Her panting voice yelled out.
"Yes! Yes! Oh my god! Fuck me!" Loud enough for James to hear her dialogue.
I could feel her tight velvet pussy walls oscillate as her orgasm overwhelmed her.
My cock thrusting in and out was now accompanied by the most erotic squelching sound as her orgasmic fluid began to seep out. The scent of sex was causing my nostrils to flare, breathing in Suzi's musky sexuality.
"Let me fuck you!" Suzi whispered gently.
I slid my cock reluctantly out of her divine cunt, my cock glistening with the residue of her orgasm.
I lay back as Suzi straddled me, holding my cock and placing inside her delectable quim. The vision before was outstanding. Suzi's huge breasts thrusting forward as her narrow waist was accentuated by the waist cinching waspie. Her tight shaved pussy framed by the garter straps as her stockings and thigh length boots caressed the flesh of my waistline. Suzi was riding my cock slowly with her mouth open, giving out little moans and seductive pants.
A part smile grin broke across her face as she ground down on my hard cock, gyrating her hips, causing her huge firm breasts to sway with every sexual thrust. She moaned loudly as much for james' benefit.
"Fuck this cock feels good!" She moaned, ensuring the words reached her husband's ears.
"Do you want James to come in and we'll double penetrate you?" I grinned confidently.
Suzi nodded her head with a huge smile plastered across her flushed face, as she rode my cock.
"James come through. I'm enjoying this cock so much, I want you to fuck my ass!" She yelled.
I could hear James footsteps moving across the landing as he headed toward the marital bedroom. The door creaked open slowly as James entered the room, holding his erect cock at the base, waving it like a flag of honour. Suzi turned her head toward him and grinned salaciously.
"Fuck my ass honey!" she purred as I pushed my cock deep inside her tight shaved slut pussy.
"I want to be double penetrated like a cheating whore wife should be!" She smiled, running the tip of her tongue along her full lips.
James knelt on the bed right behind Suzi. Her gyrating hips slowed down to a snails pace as she waited for James cock to slide inside her already fucked asshole.
James pushed the head of his cock at Suzi's asshole as she moaned gently, the head of his cock easing it's way past her tight sphincter.
"That's it baby! Fuck my ass while a real cock takes my pussy!" she smiled encouraging and tormenting her husband at the same time. This was one wild erotic scene, and the kinkiness of the situation and the couple involved, only added to the outrageous sexiness of the moment.
I could feel James cock sliding inside Suzi's tight asshole, the flesh between her pussy and asshole stretched magnificently as the tightness of her pussy increased.
Suzi began to gyrate a little quicker as James' cock filled her asshole and began thrusting slowly. Suzi was now airtight with my cock and her husbands buried inside her tight holes.
Her back was arched to allow James better access to her asshole, which thrust her magnificent large firm breasts forward. I took her erect nipple in between my teeth, gently chewing the aroused flesh. Suzi moaned and held my head close to her breast.
"This is fantastic getting fucked by my two favourite men!" she panted, enjoying every sensation both cocks could provide. James was holding her waspie clad hips as he plunged in and out of her tight asshole. I was squeezing the soft flesh of her huge firm breasts, twitching my cock inside her delicious tight cunt. Suzi was squirming and panting like the wanton cheating slut she was, enthralled at all the cock attention she was receiving.
"You can fuck me anytime you want!" she whispered but loud enough for James to hear "Even when James isn't here! I want this cock as much as I can!"
James groaned, obviously deriving pleasure from his slut wife's cutting words. Suzi smiled craftily at me as James began to pick up speed with his thrusting. Each time his cock pushed deep inside Suzi's asshole, her pussy would get tighter and the walls of her cunt would squeeze my cock. Suzi received a lot of pleasure from this friction, thrusting back on both mine and James cock, as James began to snarl that he was almost there.
"I'm going to spunk up your cheating slut ass!" he growled, causing Suzi to squirm with delight.
"Give it to me!" she panted, reaching the peak of her orgasm as James unleashed his load deep in her bowels.
James grunted and growled as his balls emptied inside his wife's asshole. Suzi clamped even tighter on my cock as the orgasmic waves of pleasure oscillated through her divine pussy.
"Give me your seed!" Suzi groaned as I felt the wonderful tingle of my cock spurting my load deep inside Suzi's tight unfaithful pussy.
Drinking her erotic vision, my eyes drifted between her magnificent firm breasts and the erotic lingerie of Waspie, Stockings and thigh length boots. She really was the stuff male fantasies and I was emptying my cock inside her.
James had removed his spent cock from his wife's asshole and laid back to watch the final few moments of his wife's unfaithful act. The grin across his face was broad and beaming as he enjoyed the spectacle of his slut wife taking cock and spunk.
As my depleting cock slid out of Suzi's delectable pussy, she smiled at me and winked.
"We definitely need to do this again sometime!"