I have done this trip home a few times from work before. It's now 6pm. It's been a long day. I take this opportunity to take a well deserved nap. But tonight apart from the usual bumps and sounds of the train running along the tracks, there was largely quietness in the half filled train. At the next stop a lady in her thirties is speaking on her mobile enters and sits on the opposite side facing me. She speaks in a foreign tongue. She sounded a little agitated as she spoke. She looked foreign. Very attractive looking. She was small in stature. She was wearing a short dress. I watched her as she spoke. She was elegant but wasn't too happy at the person at the other end. She was angry at her husband or boyfriend judging by her expressions. I listened to her a few more minutes then drifted to sleep.
I approached her and greeted her in Spanish.
"Como Estas."
She looked up at me and smiled. Yes I was right she is Spanish speaking. She must be from South America. I learned a little Spanish, as at work I often meet Spanish speaking people. So it was handy knowing just the basic greetings. At least it sort of breaks the ice as they say.
I sit down next to her and ask if everything is OK. She smiled at me. I melted as I stared into her beautiful eyes. Astonishingly she reaches out and touches me on my thigh. My groin awakes and I feel myself growing.
"Do you want me?" She whispers in English.
My looks said it all. She begins to stand up and proceeds to slowly strip. I looked around the train and people were beginning to take notice. I feel nervous. She removes everything except her sexy pink panties. I could hardly contain my excitement.
She then faces me and sits on my lap. Wrapping her arms around my head she begins to kiss me. By now I was as hard can be. I am sure she feel the hardness poking into her as she passionately kissed me. Her perfume was turning me on but it was her natural body scent that was mesmerizing me. That smell of a beautiful woman. Her breasts small natural and perky looked delicious. I touch them and proceeded to suck on her stiff hard nipples. She starts to moan. I groped her while licking her all over. I never knew Spanish speaking women were so hot. Then she gets off me and guides me to lie down on the seat. I can see everyone watching now. It was really arousing me.
She stood there and removes her panties. My god she was stunning. She had an amazing figure. Her pubic hairs were neatly trimmed. Then she comes over to me. My heart goes crazy. My mind in ecstasy.
As I lied there, she comes on top of me in the classic 69 position. I look up and see her pussy and anus. I can smell the different pungent musky odor. I part her pubic hairs to expose her protruding labia, then spread her pussy lips wide open. The highly erotic image of her vulva appears. It's surface creamy, wet and crusty. Dirty.
I hear her talking in Spanish. I wished I knew what she was saying. Then I feel her pulling my hardness out at the other end. Then the warm sensation of her sucking me in her mouth. I was in heaven as I examined her while she worked on me. I brought her close, my nose touches the moist surface of her anus. I inhale the odor. It was incredibly erotic.
Then I proceed to lick her out. The different musky smells were playing with my mind and senses. Her taste, different from other women. I licked and sucked her juices like a possessed animal. I was highly aroused now.
She the sits up and starts to ride my face. Slowly at first then quickly. She moans in excitement as she deliberately massaged my face with her pussy. She rolls her head in sheer pleasure, licking her lips and rolling her nipples between her fingers as she rode me quickly to orgasm.
People were all watching quietly. The only sounds were the delicious sound of her excited moans and the sound of the train on the tracks. She orgasms. She speaks out loud in Spanish as it washes over her. I sense myself wanting to cum. She senses I was needing relief. She gets off me and I sit up against the seat.
She then sits close to my right and begins to passionately kiss me. She was absolutely hot. Experienced. Her right hand lightly teases me and massages my testicles. The warmth of her hand incredible. She starts to moan excitedly. I glimpse at everyone watching us. They watched in silence. I was so turned on by their eyes. And so was she.
She begins to lick her palm whilst staring at me and rubs the saliva over the swollen head. She twists her hand firmly. I groaned in pleasure. Then pumps her right hand quickly. I was in heaven. My mind explodes with pleasure. I was enjoying her technique and experience. If her husband or boyfriend knew what she is doing now they would be angry and mortified. She repeats the same for a little longer. I looked at her beautiful face. She was whispering words in Spanish. Her excited moans was getting to me. I close my eyes to enjoy her. She senses my approaching orgasm.
Then she bends over and spits hard at the wet engorged head, twisting the thick liquid firmly before pumping her hand extremely fast. Oh my god I pump my hip rhythmically to her right hand. I hear her breathing pick up. I hear her excitement and enthusiasm. She was really enjoying it. She moans and talks in Spanish as she masturbated me.
"Oh yah! oh yah!"
She moans in her high pitched Spanish English accent.
I moan loud as my orgasms approaches. This was incredible. I am in love with Spanish speaking women. Her handjob becomes frenzied. The loud sound of her stroking audible in the train carriage. Her hand becomes a blur. Her moaning gets to me. I start to cum. I throw my head back and side to side in absolute pleasure. My cum explodes everywhere. She squeals out in Spanish as she continued masturbating me fast. My god I was really done now, as I grab her hand to stop her. But she deliberately pushes it away before slowing down. The sexy look on her blushing face unforgettable. She was incredibly amazing. Experienced.
I see a man approach the seat. His penis hard and erect. He sits down and grabs her hand. But she pushes him away, then gets up and dresses quickly, before casually walking off as the train stops at the next station.
I open my eyes and I am sitting at the opposite side of the carriage like before. Most of the people have gone now. My mind in disbelief. My groin still pulsating. That was an incredible dream I thought. But as the train stops at the next station I get up to leave. As I walk past the seat on the other side, I noticed the messy semen splashes scattered around the seat. My god, it wasn't a dream after all. I smell my fingers and then realise, I was with her, this woman. It did all happen. Since then I have a new found desire for Spanish speaking ladies, in particular this lady. But I was never to see her again on this train.